Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## BG v BF  
[2007] SGCA 32

Case Number | : | CA 138/2006, 139/2006  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 25 May 2007  
Tribunal/Court | : | Court of Appeal  
Coram | : |  Andrew Ang J; Chan Sek Keong CJ; Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Parties in person; Daryl Mok (Drew & Napier LLC) as the Husband's McKenzie friend   
Parties | : |  BG — BF   
  
Family Law – Custody – Access – Principles applicable when considering whether
to grant access – Whether in best interests of child – Nature of appellate
court's role in considering such issues  
  
Family Law – Matrimonial assets – Determining which assets amounting to
matrimonial assets – Whether trust property forming part of matrimonial assets
– Whether other assets forming part of matrimonial assets  
  
Family Law – Matrimonial assets – Division – Principles applicable when
considering proportion by which to divide matrimonial assets – Nature of duty
to make full and frank disclosure – Significance of non-financial
contributions  
  
Family Law – Maintenance – Wife – Principles applicable when considering
amount of maintenance to award wife – Whether wife's and children's needs
relevant consideration – Whether husband's ability to pay relevant
consideration  
  

25 May 2007  |  Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
**Andrew Ang J (delivering the judgment of the court):**

**Background**

1 The parties, BG and BF (“the Husband” and “the Wife” respectively), were
married at the City Hall Marriage Registry, Hong Kong, on 17 March 1995. They
have two sons aged eight and ten years old respectively as of 2006. On 17
December 2002, the Wife filed a divorce petition on the ground of the
Husband’s unreasonable behaviour. On 19 December 2002, the Husband was served
with the divorce petition and an application for interim care and control.
From 20 January 2003, the parties attended court mediation and then private
mediation. On 6 February 2003, the Husband filed a cross-petition based on
three years’ separation. On 11 February 2003, the Wife was allowed to withdraw
her divorce petition. On 11 March 2003, a decree _nisi_ was made on the
Husband’s cross-petition. The ancillaries were adjourned to be heard in
chambers. The parties eventually signed an interim agreement dated 15 March
2003 (“the Agreement”) which provided for custody, school and public holiday
access, an arrangement for a holiday and maintenance. The Agreement was
incorporated into a consent order on 20 April 2003 (“the Consent Order”).
Final orders on ancillaries were made by District Judge Khoo Oon Soo (“DJ
Khoo”) in August and September 2005.

2 The Husband and the Wife, each being dissatisfied with certain parts of DJ
Khoo’s order, appealed to the High Court. The judge below delivered his
judgment on 7 November 2006: see _BF v BG_ [2006] SGHC 197. In the event, the
Husband and the Wife, each dissatisfied with parts of the judge’s decision,
have now appealed to this court. Before considering the appeals, we should
mention that on 22 March 2007, on the eve of the hearing of this appeal, the
Husband filed a notice of intention to act in person in place of his
solicitors. Upon the Husband’s application before us, we allowed his former
solicitor to remain to assist him as a “McKenzie friend” despite our initial
reluctance. In part, this was because the Wife was legally trained and had
worked as in-house counsel for a bank for some years.

**_The Husband’s appeal in Civil Appeal No 138 of 2006_**

3 The Husband’s appeal in Civil Appeal No 138 of 2006 relates only to the
judge’s decision on the division of matrimonial assets and on maintenance.
Specifically, the orders appealed against are as follows:

(a) Division of matrimonial assets

(i) that the Wife is entitled to 40% of the matrimonial assets instead of 25%
as ordered by DJ Khoo;

(ii) that the sum of US$136,354 should be included as part of the matrimonial
assets to be divided; and

(iii) that the Husband is not entitled to deduct $59,743.94 of income tax paid
by him from the matrimonial assets to be divided, in particular from the
credit balance of $175,413.71 in his DBS account.

(b) Maintenance

that the Husband is to pay maintenance as follows:

(i) up to 31 December 2003, according to the terms of the Consent Order;

(ii) from 1 January 2004 to 31 August 2005, according to the terms of the
Consent Order, less $1,000 per month; and

(iii) from 1 September 2005, $10,000 a month in addition to school fees to be
paid directly by the Husband to the school.

**_The Wife’s appeal in Civil Appeal No 139 of 2006_**

4 On the other hand, the Wife’s appeal in Civil Appeal No 139 of 2006 relates
to the judge’s decision on access, the division of matrimonial assets _and_
maintenance. Specifically, the orders appealed against are as follows:

(a) Access

(i) that, after the 2006 school Christmas holidays, the Husband is to have
extended access on alternate weekends as follows: weekends 1 and 3: Friday
8.00pm to Sunday 10.00am; weekends 2, 4 and 5 (if any): Saturday 10.00am to
Sunday 10.00am; and

(ii) that, with effect from the 2007 school Christmas holidays, the Wife is to
have the children from 10.00am of 24 December to 2.30pm of 26 December and
subject thereto the Wife is to have the children for the first half of such
holidays and the Husband the second half, provided that the Husband is to
return the children to the Wife by 10.00am on the last Saturday of such
holidays.

(b) Division of matrimonial assets

(i) that neither the Carlotta property nor its sale proceeds are part of the
matrimonial assets;

(ii) that the sale proceeds, and not the investment value, of the Husband’s
shares in Bionutrics Inc (“the Bionutrics shares”) and another company (“the
Valencia shares”) are part of the matrimonial assets;

(iii) that, in respect of the Husband’s Central Provident Fund (“CPF”)
account, the Husband is to pay the Wife her share of $12,886 and interest
thereon when he reaches 55 years; in the meantime, the Husband’s CPF ordinary
account is charged accordingly;

(iv) that the Wife is to transfer 60% of the shares in In Touch Technologies
Holdings Ltd (“Upaid”) to the Husband with the Husband paying the expenses of
the transfer; and

(v) that the Husband is to pay the Wife her share of the loan of US$10,000
made by the Husband to a couple within 14 days of receipt of repayment and, in
the meantime, the Husband is to notify the Wife by 14 January of each year
whether he has received any repayment in the previous year.

(c) Maintenance

that the Husband is to pay maintenance as follows:

(i) from 1 January 2004 to 31 August 2005, according to the terms of the
Consent Order, less $1,000 per month; and

(ii) from 1 September 2005, $10,000 a month in addition to school fees to be
paid directly to the school.

5 We will address each issue in the appeals in turn.

**Access**

6 Firstly, we deal with access. In this respect, the Wife appealed against two
of the judge’s access orders, _viz_ , (a) that the Husband _is to have
extended_ access on alternate weekends; and (b) that the Husband is to have
access to the children during the second half of their school Christmas
holidays, provided that the Husband is to return the children to the Wife by
10.00am on the last Saturday of such holidays: see also [4] above.

**_The Wife’s appeal against the Husband’s extended access on alternate
weekends_**

7 By way of background, the Husband and the Wife were awarded joint custody of
the children, with the Wife having care and control. Before the High Court and
notwithstanding DJ Khoo’s order, the mutual arrangement for weekend access was
that the Husband had weekend access from Saturday 10.00am to Sunday 10.00am.
The Husband appealed for additional access on Friday night on alternate
weekends, so that he could have more time with the children. In the event, the
judge allowed the Husband’s appeal on the main premise that, bearing in mind
that the Husband no longer had access to the children on Tuesdays under his
order, giving the Husband extended weekend access on an alternate basis was
fair and also good for the children: _BF v BG_ at [40].

_The Wife’s arguments_

8 The Wife appealed against this order and prayed that it be set aside and
that weekend access revert to 10.00am Saturday to 10.00am Sunday every
weekend. She submitted that the judge had not given any reason for allowing
the Husband extended weekend access except that “it was fair and also good for
the children”.[note: 1] In any event, she pointed out that the Husband already
had access on four days of the week and should not be given more access unless
it was conclusively shown to be beneficial to the children. More pertinently,
the Wife submitted that extended access for the Husband was in fact
_detrimental_ to the children. On this point, the Wife emphasised that (a) the
Husband often worked while the children were in his care; and (b) there was
much disruption caused to the children by their having to swap homes on Friday
evenings. Above all, the Wife submitted that even without the Husband’s
extended weekend access, the Wife, as the children’s primary caregiver, had
very little unstructured time with the children and that any extended access
would only eat into such time.

_The Husband’s arguments_

9 In reply, the Husband submitted that the judge had, in a different context,
expressed the view that additional bonding time with him was good for the
children and that this justified the extended weekend access as well. In any
event, it was self-evident that overnight access would give the Husband and
the children a greater opportunity to bond. Finally, the Husband submitted
that there was no evidence to support the Wife’s bare assertion that he had
neglected the children when they were in his care.

_Our decision_

10 Two areas of enquiry need to be considered before we arrive at a decision:
(a) the considerations which a court should bear in mind in deciding a matter
bearing upon the welfare of children; and (b) the circumstances under which an
appellate court will intervene in a lower court’s decision on such a matter.

Children’s best interests

11 The purpose of access is to allow the spouse not having care and control of
the children to maintain regular contact with them. As this court held in _CX
v CY_ [2005] 3 SLR 690 at [15], this is an issue which relates to the
upbringing of the child and the court must therefore dispose of it on the
basis that the child’s welfare is the first and paramount consideration. The
starting point is s 3 of the Guardianship of Infants Act (Cap 122, 1985 Rev
Ed) (“GIA”), which provides:

**Welfare of infant to be paramount consideration.**

**3.** Where in any proceedings before any court the custody or upbringing of
an infant or the administration of any property belonging to or held in trust
for an infant or the application of the income thereof is in question, the
court, in deciding that question, _shall regard the welfare of the infant as
the first and paramount consideration_ and save in so far as such welfare
otherwise requires the father of an infant shall not be deemed to have any
right superior to that of the mother in respect of such custody,
administration or application nor shall the mother be deemed to have any claim
superior to that of the father.

[emphasis added]

Although the present proceedings are ancillary applications under the Women’s
Charter (Cap 353, 1997 Rev Ed) (“the Charter”), s 3 of the GIA applies. This
is because s 124 of the Charter provides for the making of orders with respect
to the welfare of any child as follows:

**Custody of children**

**124.** In any proceedings for divorce, judicial separation or nullity of
marriage, the court may, at any stage of the proceedings, or after a final
judgment has been granted, make such orders as it thinks fit _with respect to
the welfare of any child_ and may vary or discharge the said orders, and may,
if it thinks fit, direct that proceedings be commenced for placing the child
under the protection of the court.

[emphasis added]

Appellate intervention

12 In relation to appellate invention in cases involving the welfare of
children, this court in _CX v CY_ at [15] endorsed the House of Lords’
pronouncement in _G v G_ [1985] 1 WLR 647 of the “limited role” which an
appellate court should play in such matters and held (at [17]):

Having regard to the fact that in such cases, there are often no right answers
and the judge below was faced with the task of choosing the best of two or
more imperfect solutions, we were in agreement with the above approach. We
must stress that an appeal should not automatically succeed simply because the
appellate court preferred a solution which the judge had not chosen. In other
words, similar to the principles that apply to general appellate intervention,
_the appellate court should only reverse or vary a decision made by the judge
below if it was exercised on wrong principles, or if the decision was plainly
wrong, as would be the case if the judge had exercised his discretion
wrongly_. [emphasis added]

Accordingly, this court should be slow to overturn the judge’s decision in
this regard outside of those limited circumstances.

13 Applying those principles to the present case, it is our judgment that the
Wife’s appeal ought to be dismissed. It cannot be said that the judge’s
decision was plainly wrong. Indeed, we agree that extended weekend access with
the Husband would likely be in the children’s best interests. There is no
gainsaying that parental responsibility should not cease even after the
marriage has ended; in the area of custody, this court in _CX v CY_ endorsed
Tan Lee Meng J’s decision in _Re G_ [2004] 1 SLR 229 that joint parenthood
must be the starting point so that both parents can continue to have a direct
involvement in the child’s life. A child who understands that both his parents
have custody of him and continue to be involved in his life is likely to feel
more secure. The same must surely apply to access orders. As far as possible,
the child should be allowed to interact with both parents so that, despite the
breakdown in relations between the parents, he is assured, to the greatest
extent possible, of a normal family life with two parents.

14 Although the Wife has, through her written submissions, hinted that the
Husband was not the best caregiver, she conceded before us that she did not
believe that the children were stressed being with the Husband. In fact, she
stated that the children probably enjoyed the company of the Husband. In these
circumstances, we cannot attach much weight to her submissions that the
Husband was anything less than a competent parent. As we indicated earlier,
extended weekend access to the Husband is likely to be in the children’s best
interests. Furthermore, as the judge pointed out in _BF v BG_ at [40],
extended access on alternate weekends will not be as difficult or stressful as
the Wife has made it out to be. It will take a bit of getting used to but,
eventually, it will become routine and the children should be able to
structure their social activities around this timetable.

15 In the premises, the Wife’s appeal against the Husband’s extended weekend
access is dismissed.

**_The Wife’s appeal against the Husband’s access during the children’s school
Christmas holidays_**

16 The children’s school closes for three weeks over the Christmas period each
year (“the school Christmas holidays”). The exact dates of the three-week
holiday vary from year to year, but they always include the period from 25
December to 1 January. The parties originally agreed in March 2003 (and this
was later recorded in the Consent Order) that the Wife was to have the
children during the school Christmas holidays from 10.00am of 24 December till
2.30pm of 26 December of each year. Subject to that, the Husband was to have
the children for the first half of the school Christmas holidays and the Wife,
the second half. Before the judge, the Husband appealed to switch this so that
he would have the children over the second half instead, while keeping 10.00am
of 24 December to 2.30pm of 26 December intact for the Wife. The Husband’s
reason was that, as evidenced by a letter from his current employer, he could
only take leave from “after Christmas and until the first week of January”:
see _BF v BG_ at [46]. The judge allowed the Husband’s appeal, with the
proviso that the Husband’s access should end at 10.00am on the last Saturday
of the second half of the school Christmas holidays to allow the Wife to
prepare the children for school the following Monday: see _BF v BG_ at [51].

_The Wife’s arguments_

17 The Wife appealed against this order on the basis that it was contrary to
the children’s best interests. She prayed that the existing school Christmas
holidays access arrangements remain as agreed by the parties in the Consent
Order. Alternatively, the Wife prayed that the order be varied to allow the
Husband access during the school Christmas holidays each year from 2.30pm on
26 December to 10.00am on the Friday immediately before school reopens (“the
alternative proposal”). She submitted that the judge had failed to give
sufficient weight to her evidence as to why the children should be in her care
as far as possible for the latter half of each school break. In particular,
she emphasised that it was important that the younger child, who suffers from
food allergies and needs to be on a restricted diet, be in her care for the
second half of the holidays rather than the first so that she could ensure
that he is in good health when the new school term starts in January.
Moreover, the Wife submitted that she had reason to believe that the Husband
worked while the children were in his care.

_The Husband’s arguments_

18 In response, the Husband submitted that the judge had taken the children’s
best interests, in particular the younger child’s allergy, into consideration.
In fact, the judge had made provision for the Wife’s concern when he included
the qualification that the Husband’s access will end at 10.00am on the last
Saturday of the second half of the school Christmas holidays. As for the
Wife’s allegation that the Husband worked while the children were in his care,
the Husband submitted that there was nothing in the evidence to support this
conclusion. As for the alternative proposal, the Husband submitted that this
was erratic and would result in a variable number of days for the Husband
depending on when the school Christmas holidays began each year.

_Our decision_

19 In our view, the paramount consideration here, once again, is the best
interests of the children. The judge’s existing order allows the Husband
access to the children for the second half of the school Christmas holidays,
and this was aimed at meeting the Husband’s employers’ requirement that he
takes his leave “ _after_ Christmas and until the first week of January” (see
_BF v BG_ at [46]). Although the parties have submitted differing accounts of
how the school Christmas holidays will be scheduled in the future, it is clear
to us that such evidence was never admitted in the proceedings below, and it
is much too late now to admit it. It must also be mentioned that no
application whatsoever was made for admitting such evidence.

20 However, notwithstanding the unreliable evidence about the _exact schedule_
of the future school Christmas holidays, it is clear to us, from past
schedules, that the school Christmas holidays _do not_ begin on a fixed date.
As such, it could well be that the second half of the holidays may not
coincide exactly with the period during which the Husband is able to take
leave. In our view, it is important for the Husband to have access to the
children when he is able to take leave, for this would represent the only long
stretch of time which the Husband would be able to spend with the children in
any given year. On the other hand, we are concerned that if the Husband is
only able to take leave from Christmas until the first week of January, there
may be days within his access period during which he will be unable to care
for the children, let alone bond with them. The Wife’s alternative proposal is
aimed both at ensuring the Husband has the children for the period during
which he claims he will be able to take leave, and also to make sure that the
children are always in one parent’s personal care, given that they are both
fairly young. However, it is also clear, as the Husband has pointed out, that
this alternative proposal may unfairly prejudice the Husband such that in
certain years he may have substantially less than half the holidays to be with
the children.

21 In our judgment, taking all these factors into account and having due
regard to the children’s best interests, the Wife’s appeal to vary the judge’s
order will be dismissed. However, we would add the proviso that if the Husband
is unable to obtain leave for any day during the second half of the school
Christmas holidays, the children should stay with the Wife for that day.

**Matrimonial assets**

22 We turn now to the broad issue of matrimonial assets. There are two sub-
issues under this heading to be considered, _viz_ , (a) which of the parties’
assets are matrimonial assets; and (b) the proportion in which the matrimonial
assets are to be divided.

**_Parties’ assets which are matrimonial assets_**

_The Husband’s sum of US$136,354_

Background

23 The Husband appealed against the judge’s finding that a sum of US$136,354
existed _apart from_ any other declared matrimonial asset and hence was
available for division and that there was no double counting. This “double
counting” issue arose when the Husband declared in his fourth affidavit dated
16 May 2003 that he had, _inter alia_ , US$136,354 invested with Asia Pacific
Investment Holdings (“APIH”). The date of investment was listed as December
2002. Subsequently, the Husband’s solicitors clarified by a letter dated 6
February 2004 that the amount invested with APIH and the date of investment
were incorrect. They said the amount should have been US$143,301.96 and that
the date of investment commenced from 27 March 2003. The correction was
repeated in the Husband’s answer filed on 29 April 2004. The Husband also
produced two documents showing that he had instructed Citibank Hong Kong
(“Citibank HK”) to transfer two sums totalling US$143,301.96 to APIH: see _BF
v BG_ at [197]. APIH also stated in a letter dated 26 September 2005[note: 2]
that the only funds and deposits received by them from the Husband were those
two sums from Citibank HK.

24 On the basis of those facts, DJ Khoo decided that the amount of US$136,354
had come from the Husband’s (a) Citibank HK account no 8924xxxx containing
HK$868,383.40 as at 8 March 2003; and (b) Citibank HK account no 3803xxxx
containing US$31,947.84 as at 11 March 2003 (jointly “the Husband’s Citibank
HK account”). DJ Khoo concluded that there was double counting when all the
three sums were listed by the Wife as part of matrimonial assets.

25 However, upon the Wife’s appeal to the High Court, the judge rejected the
Husband’s argument that he had mistakenly listed US$136,354 as being a sum
invested with APIH in December 2002. The judge believed that there was a
_separate_ sum of US$136,354 invested with a fund manager other than APIH as
the Husband had not explained where he had derived the original figure of
US$136,354 or the date of December 2002 from. The judge also found that the
Husband had not adequately explained how the error had occurred, bearing in
mind that the Husband’s fourth affidavit was filed shortly after the transfer
of the two sums. The Husband appealed against the judge’s decision.

Our decision

26 We agree with the judge that the Husband has not adequately explained how
the alleged error as to the sum of US$136,354 came about. Although the Husband
sought to portray this as an innocent mistake, we agree with the trial judge’s
view that the specificity of _both_ the amount _and_ the investment date
suggests that there is a separate of sum of US$136,354, albeit perhaps with a
separate fund manager other than APIH. Before us, the Husband explained that
he had mistakenly put down the sum of US$136,354 because secretaries he had
employed on a temporary basis had used the wrong currency exchange rate.
However, as the Wife correctly pointed out, that explanation was never
provided before. If the Husband had a ready explanation for the sum of
US$136,354, he ought to have provided it earlier; the fact that he offered the
explanation only at the hearing before us weakened its credibility. Besides,
the explanation did not account for the alleged error as to the investment
date. Accordingly, notwithstanding the letter from APIH, we uphold the judge’s
finding that there is a separate sum of US$136,354, and that this forms part
of the matrimonial assets to be divided. The Husband’s appeal in this regard
is dismissed.

_Income tax liability of $59,743.94_

Background

27 The Husband had a bank account with DBS Bank with a balance of $175,413.71
(“the DBS account”) as at 11 March 2003. He sought to deduct $59,743.94 in
respect of his income tax liability and $20,000 in respect of legal fees he
had paid, leaving a balance of $95,669.77 as part of the matrimonial assets.
The judge did not allow the Husband to subtract the sum of $59,743.94 as he
was not convinced that this tax was based on income paid into the DBS account
(_BF v BG_ at [213]). Specifically, the judge thought that the tax of
$59,743.94 was based on income from John Doe Southeast Asia Inc (paid on
behalf by John Doe International Inc into the Husband’s Citibank HK account)
and not on income from John Doe Asia (paid into the DBS account). This was
because the judge had only referred to the IR8A form in respect of income from
John Doe Asia and the tax of $59,743.94 did not tally with the declared income
paid into the DBS account. As a consequence of his finding that the tax of
$59,743.94 was in respect of income from John Doe Southeast Asia Inc, and
since income from John Doe Southeast Asia Inc was paid into the Husband’s
Citibank HK account and not the DBS account, the judge held that the Husband
should not be allowed to deduct the said sum from the DBS account. The Husband
appealed against the judge’s decision.

28 The Husband pointed out that the judge erred in thinking that the tax
payable was based _only_ on income from John Doe Southeast Asia Inc. In
particular, the judge was mistaken in thinking that there was only one IR8A
Form for 2002 when there were in fact _two_ forms: one each from John Doe Asia
and John Doe Southeast Asia Inc.[note: 3] It was submitted that the judge thus
erred in thinking that the computation of taxable income was in respect only
of income from John Doe Southeast Asia Inc when in fact it was in relation to
the combined taxable income in both IR8A forms.

29 In addition, the Husband submitted that the judge also erred in thinking
that the aggregate of 2002 salary credit entries in the DBS account had to add
up to $390,974 on which the tax was based. In this connection, the Husband
submitted that the taxable income of $390,974 was based not only on salary
received in the DBS account but also on salary received in the Husband’s
Citibank HK account. Furthermore, the sum of $390,974 comprised gross salary,
the value of benefits and other taxable allowances but not the regional
responsibility allowance. Not all of those would have been in the form of cash
paid into the bank accounts. Therefore, the credit entries in 2002 in the
Husband’s two said bank accounts (much less the DBS account alone) could not
be expected to tally with the gross taxable income in the IR8A forms. In the
event, the Husband submitted that the documentary evidence clearly supported
his contention that he had a tax liability of $59,743.94, and that that sum
should be deducted from the pool of matrimonial assets liable to be divided.

30 On her part, the Wife conceded that there were in fact two IR8A forms.
However, she pointed out that closer examination of those forms revealed that
the dates of cessation of employment with John Doe Southeast Asia Inc and of
John Doe Asia were 5 and 6 April 2003 respectively. Even if a clerical error
was assumed and the year should have been correctly stated as 2002, those
dates did not agree with the Husband’s statement that his salary was paid by
John Doe Southeast Asia Inc until 31 May 2002. Moreover, while para 9 of the
Husband’s fourth affidavit stated that John Doe Asia was incorporated on 16
April 2002, his IR8A form indicated that he started work on 6 April 2002. In
effect then, the Wife attempted to cast doubt on the Husband’s credibility.

Our decision

31 In our judgment, the Husband’s appeal in this regard must be allowed. It is
clear that the judge was not aware of the second IR8A form from John Doe
Southeast Asia Inc. If the judge had seen it, it would have been clear to him
that the Husband’s income tax liability of $59,743.94 was based on the
salaries he received from _both_ John Doe Southeast Asia Inc _and_ John Doe
Asia.[note: 4] In addition, it is also clear to us that the Husband’s taxable
income of $390,974 for 2002 included not only salary received in the DBS
account but _also_ salary received in the Husband’s Citibank HK account. Of
this figure, the gross salary component was $196,431.70, and this in turn was
made up of gross salary of $150,739.39 from John Doe Asia (as reflected in the
Husband’s first IR8A form[note: 5]), and $45,692.31 from John Doe Southeast
Asia Inc (as reflected in the Husband’s second IR8A Form[note: 6]). In other
words, the taxable income of $390,974.44 clearly included the salary from both
John Doe Southeast Asia Inc and John Doe Asia, besides the value of benefits
in kind. Accordingly, the sum of $59,743.94 correctly reflected the income tax
liability of the Husband for the year of assessment of 2002 based on his
declared income. The income tax being an accrued liability on the face of the
documentary evidence, the sum of $59,743.94 ought to be deducted from the
value of the matrimonial assets.

_Carlotta property and sales proceeds_

32 The Wife appealed against the judge’s order that a property in Sydney,
Australia, known as “the Carlotta property” was not part of the matrimonial
assets and neither were the sale proceeds thereof. Alternatively, the Wife
prayed that, even if this court were to find that there was a valid trust for
the purposes of these proceedings and that the Carlotta property accordingly
did not form part of the matrimonial assets, this court should grant an order
that the children’s proportion of the proceeds of sale (40% of the
A$1,865,432.86) be paid to her to hold upon trust for the children.

Background

33 The Carlotta property was acquired by the Husband either in December 1994
or January 1995 but in any event before the parties’ marriage on 17 March
1995. There are documents to show that the Husband was holding the Carlotta
property in a Golden Harvest Trust (“the Trust”) for his parents who were unit
holders thereof and that the Trust was created before the marriage. The
Carlotta property was bought at a price of A$743,000. It was sold for
A$2,225,000 just before June 2003. The net sale proceeds amounted to
A$1,865,432.86.

34 In the High Court, although the judge doubted the Husband’s evidence that
he had _not_ funded the purchase of the property, he found that the material
fact was that the Carlotta property was acquired and the Trust was created
before the marriage: _BF v BG_ at [175] and [176]. The judge held that the
burden was on the Wife to show that the property, or part of it, should be
treated as a matrimonial asset. Additionally, the judge found that the Trust
was not created surreptitiously and that it was not created to put the
Carlotta property out of the reach of the Wife. He also found that whether or
not the parties had resided in the property had no bearing on its status if it
was trust property. In the event, he ruled that the Carlotta property was not
part of matrimonial assets and neither were its sale proceeds.

Our decision

35 In our judgment, the Wife’s appeal in relation to the Carlotta property
must be dismissed. Although the Wife had referred us to various documents
during the hearing of this appeal to show that she had contributed financially
to the improvement of the Carlotta property, those were all irrelevant.
Section 112(10) of the Charter provides as follows:

In this section, “matrimonial asset” means —

(_a_) any asset acquired before the marriage by one party or both parties to
the marriage —

(i) ordinarily used or enjoyed by both parties or one or more of their
children while the parties are residing together for shelter or transportation
or for household, education, recreational, social or aesthetic purposes; or

(ii) which has been substantially improved during the marriage by the other
party or by both parties to the marriage; and

(_b_) any other asset of any nature acquired during the marriage by one party
or both parties to the marriage,

but does not include any asset (not being a matrimonial home) that has been
acquired by one party at any time by gift or inheritance and that has not been
substantially improved during the marriage by the other party or by both
parties to the marriage.

36 As is clear from s 112(10)(_a_) of the Charter, the _preliminary issue_ to
be considered for assets acquired _before_ the marriage is that it must have
been _acquired_ by one or both parties. The term “acquired” implies ownership;
therefore, if the true owner of the Carlotta property was the Trust and not
the Husband, the property would not be a matrimonial asset available for
division. In this case, whether or not the Wife had made substantial
improvements to the property would not be relevant.

37 As the judge found in _BF v BG_ at [176], the Carlotta property was
acquired by the Trust _before_ the marriage. The evidence showed that the
Carlotta property was purchased before the marriage by the Husband as trustee
for the Trust. The Trust is a properly constituted trust and it has been
acknowledged by the Australian authorities that the property belonged to the
Trust.[note: 7] Furthermore, the Trust, as the owner of the Carlotta property,
has been assessed by the Australian tax authorities for income tax and land
tax in respect of the said property.[note: 8] As such, neither the Husband nor
the Wife had “acquired” the Carlotta property. In the result, neither it nor
its sale proceeds is a matrimonial asset.

38 Accordingly, the Wife’s appeal in this regard is dismissed. We also do not
see the need to order that the children’s proportion of the proceeds of sale
(40% of the A$1,865,432.86) be paid to the Wife to hold on trust for them.

_Sale proceeds, not investment value, of the Bionutrics and Valencia shares_

Background

39 __ The Wife appealed against the judge’s order that the sale proceeds, and
not the investment value, of the Bionutrics and Valencia shares (see [4(b)]
above) be part of the matrimonial assets. Instead, she asked for 40% of the
_investment value_ of each of those shareholdings. By way of background, the
Husband held 125,000 shares in Bionutrics Inc. He claimed to have sold the
shares at a price of US$0.25 per share net of commission amounting to
US$31,250. In relation to the 76,000 Valencia shares, DJ Khoo held that the
Wife was entitled to 25% of the current market value of those shares in a
court order dated 28 September 2005.[note: 9] The Husband asserted that the
shares were sold for US$4,940: see _BF v BG_ at [207]. The Husband paid the
Wife 25% of those sums, pursuant to DJ Khoo’s order. The Wife appealed against
DJ Khoo’s order and sought an order that the Husband pay her a proportion of
the investment price. However, the judge dismissed the Wife’s appeal and hence
the present appeal before us.

40 The Wife pointed out that whereas the Husband initially invested almost
$1.7m in those shareholdings, an “astounding” 96% of their value had been
allegedly lost and that the Husband had not produced proper evidence showing
their sale price. Given that the Husband is an astute and successful
businessman, the Wife submitted that his claim that he needed to sell the
shares at the time he did in order to honour his financial obligations to his
Wife and children was not plausible. The Wife further alleged that the Husband
may have stood back and allowed those investments to lose almost their entire
value for the purposes of these proceedings, even at his own expense.

41 On the other hand, the Husband contended that those shares were Nasdaq
listed shares and that the prices fluctuated. The Husband submitted that the
real issue was whether it was fair to divide the shares based on the value at
which they were realised.

Our decision

42 In relation to the Bionutrics shares, we are unable to agree with the Wife
that the Husband has not produced proper evidence showing their sale price. On
the contrary, the Husband exhibited a letter he had written to APIH dated 18
June 2004 asking them to sell the shares and a reply from APIH dated 8 July
2004 stating that it had sold the shares at a price of US$0.25 per share net
of commission amounting to US$31,250.[note: 10] As such, although the _actual_
date of sale of these shares is uncertain, it is at least clear that APIH sold
them between 18 June and 8 July 2004. An analysis of the Nasdaq price charts
of this stock,[note: 11] which were also produced by the Husband, shows that
the price realisation (_ie_ , US$0.25 per share) is in line with quoted market
prices for this period. As such, we are persuaded that the Bionutrics shares
were indeed sold at US$0.25 per share. That being the case, it would be unfair
for the Husband to have to pay the Wife her share based on the investment
value, as opposed to the sale proceeds. Accordingly, the Wife’s appeal in
relation to the Bionutrics shares is dismissed.

43 In relation to the Valencia shares, the Husband produced a letter from APIH
dated 10 July 2006 stating that APIH had sold 76,000 Valencia shares (known in
the letter as “Valcom shares”) on his behalf.[note: 12] Before the judge
below, the Husband submitted that he had liquidated those shares within the
six-month period provided in the court order dated 28 September 2005, and that
the 76,000 Valencia shares were sold for US$4,940.[note: 13] The sale price
worked out to be US$0.065 per share. However, the Husband did not produce any
evidence showing the date on which the shares were sold. Indeed, it is
significant that the Husband’s 24th affidavit dated 11 October 2005 stated
that the price of the Valencia shares was US$0.17 per share on 7 October
2005.[note: 14] This was more than double that of the US$0.065 per share at
which the shares were purportedly sold. In our view, given the lack of
evidence showing the actual date of sale of those shares, the purported sale
price of US$4,940 is not credible. Accordingly, although we will dismiss the
Wife’s appeal in this regard, we will order that the value to be attributed to
the Valencia shares be their price at the close of trading on Nasdaq at the
date of the decree _nisi_ and if that was not a trading day then the trading
day immediately following thereafter.

_Charge on the Husband’s CPF account_

44 The Wife appealed against the judge’s order that the Husband is to pay the
Wife her share of $12,886 and interest from his CPF account when he reaches 55
years of age, and that the Husband’s CPF ordinary account be charged
accordingly. The Wife submitted that because the sum is small it would be
disproportionately inconvenient and costly for her to obtain payment from the
Husband in the future.

Background

45 By way of background, DJ Khoo ordered that the Husband pay the Wife, within
six months of his order, 25% of the $12,886 (a little over $3,000) standing in
his ordinary account with CPF as at 23 April 2003. The Husband appealed
against DJ Khoo’s order, arguing that this would be unfair to him as he was
not entitled to withdraw the money in his ordinary account yet and he did not
have the means to pay without liquidating other assets. On appeal, the judge
found that the Husband would undoubtedly have the means to pay the Wife’s
proportion of this asset without delay. However, the judge also decided that
the Husband was well entitled to “[insist] on his strict legal rights” and
delay payment until he was 55: _BF v BG_ at [220].

Our decision

46 We see no sufficient reason to disturb the judge’s decision and accordingly
dismiss the Wife’s appeal on this issue.

_The Wife’s 60% of the shares in Upaid_

Background

47 The Wife appealed against the judge’s order for her to transfer 60% of the
shares in Upaid (see [4(b)] above) to the Husband with the latter paying the
expenses of the transfer, submitting that, in view of the Husband being in a
better position to liquidate the shares, she be paid 40% of the _investment_
value of the shares, in return for which she would transfer all her
shareholding to the Husband. By way of background, the Wife has in her name
certain shares in Upaid. DJ Khoo ordered the Husband to pay her 25% of the
value of those shares within six months of his order (that being the Wife’s
percentage share of the matrimonial assets prior to its increase to 40%). The
Husband’s appeal before the judge below was that DJ Khoo erred because those
shares were not in his name. The Husband sought the Wife’s transfer of 75% of
those shares to him or payment of the current market value in lieu of such
transfer. The Wife was not keen to keep any part of the shares and sought
payment for her percentage interest in the shares. Apparently, there is no
actual trade in these shares and in an e-mail dated 31 August 2004 from Upaid
to the Wife, it was stated that the current theoretical value was
approximately US$0.67 per share. In the event, the judge allowed the Husband’s
appeal and ordered that the Wife transfer 60% of the Upaid shares to the
Husband.

Our decision

48 In our judgment, the Wife’s appeal on this issue must be dismissed. If
neither party wishes to hold all the shares, it does seem unfair to force the
Husband in effect to purchase the Wife’s 40% of the shares. As the judge held
at [223] of _BF v BG_ , “it is [not] right to compel either side to buy over
the other side’s portion of the Upaid shares”.

_The Wife’s share of the loan of US$10,000_

Background

49 The Wife appealed against the judge’s order that the Husband is to pay her
share of a US$10,000 loan made by the Husband to a certain couple within 14
days of receipt of any repayment and that, in the meantime, he is to notify
her by 14 January of each year whether he has received any repayment in the
previous year.

Our decision

50 In our judgment, the Wife’s appeal on this issue ought to be dismissed. The
loan may or may not be repaid. The Husband should not have to pay the Wife 40%
of the loan amount until the loan has been repaid.

**_Proportion of division of matrimonial assets_**

51 In the High Court, the judge increased the Wife’s share of the matrimonial
assets from the 25% awarded by DJ Khoo to 40%. The Husband appealed against
this order. The Husband submitted that it was clear from the judgment that the
sole basis for increasing the Wife’s share of the matrimonial assets from 25%
to 40% was his finding that the Husband had not disclosed all his assets which
would otherwise form part of the matrimonial assets. However, as the Husband
had in fact fully disclosed his assets, the Wife should not be entitled to
40%. Before we deal with the facts relevant to this issue, it would be helpful
to first consider the applicable principles of law.

_Duty to make full and frank disclosure_

52 First, the general duty that every party to court proceedings owes to the
court to make full and frank disclosure of all relevant information within his
or her knowledge is particularly relevant in the context of the division of
matrimonial assets. The position in law is that full and frank disclosure is
important and in its absence the court is entitled to draw inferences adverse
to the party who failed to do so: _Koh Kim Lan Angela v Choong Kian Haw_
[1994] 1 SLR 22.

_Just and equitable division_

53 Secondly, s 112(1) of the Charter provides that the court should aim to
divide all the matrimonial assets between the former spouses in proportions
that the court thinks “just and equitable”. The current judicial approach on
what “just and equitable” means is that stated by this court in _Lim Choon Lai
v Chew Kim Heng_ [2001] 3 SLR 225 (“ _Lim Choon Lai_ ”). In that case, this
court rejected the notion that it may be closer to reality to use as a
starting point the assumption that both husband and wife have contributed
equally to the acquisition of matrimonial property. Instead, this court
endorsed the approach of Judith Prakash J in _Yow Mee Lan v Chen Kai Buan_
[2000] 4 SLR 466 where she disavowed any starting point but instead read the
direction in s 112(1) literally to require consideration of all factors to
reach a just and equitable division: see also _Lau Loon Seng v Sia Peck Eng_
[1999] 4 SLR 408.

54 In _Lim Choon Lai_ , this court also made two points that a court should
note when exercising its discretion under s 112(1) of the Charter. First,
although the court should consider all financial and non-financial
contributions to the acquisition of property, this does not mean that the
court should engage in a meticulous investigation and take into account every
minute sum that each party has paid or incurred in the acquisition of the
matrimonial assets and/or discharge of any obligation for the benefit of any
member of the family, and then make exact calculations of each party’s
contributions. The court must necessarily take a broader view than that.
Second, while this court in _Lim Choon Lai_ was not prepared to equate non-
financial with financial roles in all cases, it observed that non-financial
contributions also play an important role, and that, depending on the facts of
the case, they can be just as important as financial contributions. In doing
so, this court reaffirmed the broad brush approach in _Koo Shirley v Mok Kong
Chua Kenneth_ [1989] SLR 342.

_Our decision_

55  As is clear from _BF v BG_ at [193] and [213], the judge based his
decision to award the Wife 40% of the matrimonial assets mainly on his finding
that the Husband had only disclosed income from John Doe Southeast Asia Inc
and not John Doe Asia. The basis of his finding was that there was only one
IR8A form in respect of his employment income earned in 2002. However, as we
pointed out above, the judge was mistaken in so thinking as there were in fact
two IR8A forms. Based on the _income declared by the Husband_ for tax
assessment purposes, the sum of $59,743.94 did represent his tax due from
income paid into both the Husband’s Citibank HK account and the DBS bank
account.

Remaining non-disclosures

56 However, notwithstanding this, the evidence shows that there remain certain
non-disclosures by the Husband in respect of his income.

57 The Husband explained that _all_ his income from John Doe Asia between June
and December 2002 had been accounted for. Before us, the Husband applied for
the admission of further documentary evidence which showed that, despite the
judge’s doubt, his September and October 2002 salaries had been paid into the
DBS account. The Wife conceded that they had indeed been paid and it was
therefore unnecessary to allow his application which would have resulted in
the admission of other evidence which the Wife objected to. Despite the Wife’s
concession, it appears that his income for June 2002 has still not been
accounted for.

58 As the judge noted in _BF v BG_ at [214], according to the employment
contract, the Husband’s employment with John Doe Asia commenced from 1 June
2002, but there was no evidence of the June 2002 salary having been paid by
John Doe Asia. The Husband explained that his June 2002 salary was in fact
paid by his _former_ employer, John Doe Southeast Asia Inc (through John Doe
International Inc). The Husband suggested that the US$12,111.64 deposited into
the Husband’s Citibank HK account on 31 May 2002 represented his salary for
June 2002 for work done at John Doe Asia.[note: 15] The underlying premise of
this suggestion appears to be that since the Husband had received _two_
deposits of identical amounts into the Husband’s Citibank HK account in May,
one deposit must have been his salary for the following month (_ie_ , June
2002), since it could not be that he received _two_ salary payments for the
same month.

59 There are two difficulties with this explanation. First, it would mean that
the Husband’s former employer (_ie_ , John Doe Southeast Asia Inc) paid his
June 2002 salary notwithstanding the fact that he was then working for another
entity (_ie_ , John Doe Asia). Secondly, an examination of the Husband’s
answers to the interrogatories filed on 29 April 2004 in relation to the
deposits in the Husband’s Citibank HK account reveals that he had, on _three_
previous occasions between 18 Dec 1998 and 7 January 2003, received _two_
deposits in the same month of nearly identical amounts (identified as salary
payments from John Doe International Inc, on behalf of John Doe Southeast Asia
Inc).[note: 16] Therefore, the _additional_ deposit on 31 May 2002 could very
well have been salary _from_ John Doe Southeast Asia Inc for _May 2002_ rather
than salary for June 2002 in respect of employment with John Doe Asia. We
therefore do not find the Husband’s explanation credible.

60 Furthermore, as the Wife pointed out,[note: 17] the deposits in 2002 shown
in the DBS account statements which the Husband identified as “salary” total
only $64,435.62. Even if the salaries for September and October 2002 were
added, the total would still be only $95,241.48, a long way short of the
$150,739.39 shown in the Husband’s IR8A form,[note: 18] even taking into
account allowances, _etc_.

61 The foregoing therefore suggests that the Husband has not disclosed all his
salary from John Doe Asia from June 2002.

62 A second instance of non-disclosure by the Husband relates to deposits made
into the Husband’s Citibank HK account _after_ his employment with John Doe
Southeast Asia Inc ceased. The Husband explained that after June 2002, the
regional management work component of his income paid by John Doe Asia Pacific
Ltd continued to be received by him in the Husband’s Citibank HK account, but
there were no more credit entries in respect of salary by John Doe Southeast
Asia Inc. As such, and contrary to the Wife’s contention, there was in fact a
corresponding drop in the “salary” payments into the Husband’s Citibank HK
account and this drop corresponded with the beginning of the salary payments
into the DBS account.[note: 19]

63 However, in our view, this submission masks the more general picture that
_the total_ deposits into the Husband’s Citibank HK account had in fact _not_
dropped. The table below shows the total payment into the said account from
April to December 2002, including June 2002, when his salary component
supposedly stopped:

**Month** |  **Total amount deposited**  
---|---  
April 2002 |  US$24,223.28  
May 2002 |  US$36,334.92  
June 2002 |  US$6,198.57  
July 2002 |  US$0  
August 2002 |  US$44,773.33  
September 2002 |  US$35,435.02  
October 2002 |  US$16,041.67  
November 2002 |  US$22,458.33  
December 2002 |  US$16,041.67  
  
64 As can be seen, the deposit into the Husband’s Citibank HK account remained
close to the original level _even after_ his salary from John Doe Southeast
Asia Inc had stopped in June 2002. In fact, the August 2002 payment was higher
than the deposits in April and May 2002, which was before his salary payments
from John Doe Southeast Asia Inc stopped. An inference that could be drawn
from this is that there was _some other source of income_ into the Husband’s
Citibank HK account. On this point, the Husband contended that those deposits
after June 2002 were _all_ payments for “regional management work” from John
Doe Asia Pacific Ltd.[note: 20] He even exhibited a letter from John Doe Asia
Pacific Ltd which confirmed that those were in fact payments made to the
Husband for “regional management work”.[note: 21] The preliminary objection to
this submission, as the judge noted in _BF v BG_ at [108], is that the Husband
has not elaborated on the reason why he was being paid for regional management
work by John Doe Asia Pacific Ltd. It is noteworthy that the Husband has not
produced any additional evidence other than the letter by John Doe Asia
Pacific Ltd before this court.

65 Moreover, this letter from John Doe Asia Pacific Ltd does _not_ confirm
that _one of the two_ deposits made on 30 September 2002 was in fact payment
for “regional management work” even though the Husband had marked it as such.
It only confirms that _one_ deposit was payment for “regional management
work”. There were in fact _two_ deposits on 30 September 2002 for the same
amount of US$6,416.67.[note: 22] That this is not a typographical error is
shown by the fact that the Wife had listed _two_ separate deposits on 30
September 2002 in her interrogatories,[note: 23] and the Husband had, in his
answers, identified _both_ deposits as being payments for “regional management
work”.[note: 24] If there had been a typographical error by the Wife in the
first place, the Husband would not have implicitly acknowledged in his answers
that there were _two_ deposits on 30 September 2002 by attributing a reason to
_each of them_. Accordingly, notwithstanding the letter from John Doe Asia
Pacific Ltd, _one_ deposit on 30 September 2002 may not, contrary to the
Husband’s answers, be payment for “regional management work”.

66 The implication from this is that there was _at least_ one non-disclosure
by the Husband with respect to one deposit into the Husband’s Citibank HK
account on 30 September 2002. It is unclear what the source of this deposit
is. Notwithstanding the fact that regional management work payments are not
taxable,[note: 25] the inference could be that there is an additional source
of income into the Husband’s Citibank HK account which the Husband has not
disclosed: see further _BF v BG_ at [214].

67 In view of the conclusion reached above that there were other non-
disclosures of his financial condition by the Husband, we are of the view that
we should, as the judge and DJ Khoo did below, draw an adverse inference
against the Husband: see DJ Khoo in _BG v BF_ [2006] SGDC 22, in which he
noted at [86] that he was “left with doubt as to the size and value of [the
Husband’s] pool”.

The Wife’s non-financial contributions

68 Apart from the non-disclosures we have found, in coming to a “just and
equitable” division the court should have regard to _other_ factors,
especially the Wife’s non-financial contributions, although the latter of
itself would not have been sufficient to justify a 40% share of the
matrimonial assets.

69 Although the marriage between the parties was a relatively short one (six
years and nine months: see _BF v BG_ at [183]), the Wife had effectively given
up a lucrative career to be at home to care for the children: _BF v BG_ at
[184]. The Husband himself acknowledged that the Wife is a good mother. In a
note written by the Husband to the Wife on 3 July 2002 he said, _inter alia_ :

I believe you have spent the last five years at home spending time raising
children and managing the household. Nobody would ever question that our kids
have impeccable manners and routines, thanks almost a 100% to you.

The judge also noted in _BF v BG_ (at [191]) that:

I accept that in addition to being the primary caregiver, the Wife had also
taken care of the home where the family were residing in from time to time.
She was in charge of the household even though there was a maid.

70 As this court noted in _Lim Choon Lai_ ([53] _supra_), non-financial roles
can be just as important as financial roles in certain circumstances: see also
_Ong Chin Ngoh v Lam Chin Kian_ [1992] 2 SLR 414, which was decided under the
old s 106 of the Women’s Charter (Cap 353, 1985 Rev Ed). Such is the case with
the Wife’s non-financial contributions. As such, taking these into account
with the Husband’s remaining non-disclosures, we see no reason to disturb the
judge’s award of 40% of the matrimonial assets to the Wife.

**Maintenance**

**_The Husband’s and the Wife’s appeals against the order to pay $10,000 per
month (and school fees) from 1 September 2005_**

71 Both parties appealed against the judge’s order that the Husband is to pay
maintenance according to the Consent Order of 20 April 2003, less $1,000 per
month, from 1 January 2004 to 31 August 2005. Prior to the judge’s order, the
parties had entered into the Agreement in March 2003 (see [1] above), which
was later incorporated into the Consent Order. Pursuant to the Consent Order,
the Husband had agreed to pay maintenance of approximately $11,000 per month
plus school fees. On appeal by the Husband to vary this amount, the judge held
that there was no evidence that there had been any relevant material change in
circumstances to warrant reducing the Husband’s maintenance obligations below
what he had agreed to in the Consent Order. However, the judge decided to take
the Wife’s earning capacity into account and reduced the maintenance payable
by the Husband to $10,000 per month plus school fees.

72 Unsurprisingly, in their respective appeals against this order, the Wife is
asking for an increase of the maintenance amount, whereas the Husband is
asking for the opposite. Since their arguments overlap substantively, we will
address them together.

_The legal principles_

73 Ancillary to matrimonial proceedings for divorce, judicial separation and
nullity of marriage, the court may order the husband to continue to discharge
his duty of maintenance of his wife despite the termination of their marriage.
Section 113 of the Charter provides:

The court may order a man to pay maintenance to his wife or former wife —

(_a_) during the course of any matrimonial proceedings; or

(_b_) when granting or subsequent to the grant of a judgment of divorce,
judicial separation or nullity of marriage.

The Charter, in s 114(2), directs that, in the exercise of the court’s power
to order the husband to maintain his former wife:

… the court shall endeavour so to place the parties, so far as it is
practicable and, having regard to their conduct, just to do so, in the
financial position in which they would have been if the marriage had not
broken down and each had properly discharged his or her financial obligations
and responsibilities towards the other.

The preceding subsection, s 114(1) directs that:

In determining the amount of any maintenance to be paid by a man to his wife
or former wife, the court shall have regard to all the circumstances of the
case including the following matters:

(_a_) the income, earning capacity, property and other financial resources
which each of the parties to the marriage has or is likely to have in the
foreseeable future;

(_b_) the financial needs, obligations and responsibilities which each of the
parties to the marriage has or is likely to have in the foreseeable future;

(_c_) the standard of living enjoyed by the family before the breakdown of the
marriage;

(_d_) the age of each party to the marriage and the duration of the marriage;

(_e_) any physical or mental disability of either of the parties to the
marriage;

(_f_) the contributions made by each of the parties to the welfare of the
family, including any contribution made by looking after the home or caring
for the family; and

(_g_) in the case of proceedings for divorce or nullity of marriage, the value
to either of the parties to the marriage of any benefit (for example, a
pension) which, by reason of the dissolution or annulment of the marriage that
party will lose the chance of acquiring.

74 The High Court in _Wong Amy v Chua Seng Chuan_ [1992] 2 SLR 360 (“ _Wong
Amy_ ”) made some crucial observations in relation to these powers: (a)
adequate provision must be made to ensure the support and accommodation of the
children of the marriage; (b) provision must be made to meet the needs of each
spouse; and (c) at the end of the day, it is the court’s sense of justice
which demands and obtains a just solution to many a difficult issue: see also
_Quek Lee Tiam v Ho Kim Swee_ [1995] SGHC 23. These principles were recently
endorsed by V K Rajah J (as he then was) in _NI v NJ_ [2007] 1 SLR 75.

75 Additionally, the courts have exercised the power to order maintenance for
the former wife in a manner that is supplementary to the power to divide
matrimonial assets. As the High Court observed in _Wang Shi Huah Karen v Wong
King Cheung Kevin_ [1992] 2 SLR 1025, the court has to take account of each
party’s share of the matrimonial assets. The order for maintenance of the
former wife thus plays a complementary role to the order for division of
matrimonial assets. In _Tan Sue-Ann Melissa v Lim Siang Bok Dennis_ [2004] 3
SLR 376, this court held that the rationale behind the law imposing a duty on
a former husband to maintain his former wife is to even out any financial
inequalities between the spouses, taking into account any economic prejudice
suffered by the wife during marriage.

_Application to the present case_

76 With these principles in mind, it must be noted that there are two special
circumstances in this present appeal. First, the Wife has not been given a
portion of any matrimonial home. Second, the Wife is highly educated and has a
good chance of finding gainful employment, as the judge found in _BF v BG_ at
[150].

The Wife’s and the children’s needs

77 The first factor for consideration is that the Wife has no share of any
matrimonial home and has had to pay rent for accommodation for herself and the
children.

78 The need to preserve the Wife’s current lifestyle, subject to
reasonableness, is recognised by the courts. Indeed, the Wife had accepted a
drop in her own living standard and during the period in question the children
lived and continue to live in a much smaller apartment.[note: 26] As such, _NI
v NJ_ ([74] _supra_), a case cited by the Husband, can be distinguished. In
that case, the wife had “strenuously insisted that she [was] entitled to
maintain an ‘expatriate’ lifestyle”, with the result that Rajah J found her to
be “thoroughly unreasonable” and declined to grant her the level of
maintenance prayed for: at [11]. This is clearly not the case here.

79 The $11,000 per month (plus school fees) claimed by the Wife is the minimum
she believes she will need to continue to give the children a reasonable
standard of living, assuming that she will also continue to work and earn
beyond her 60th birthday.[note: 27] The judge accepted her evidence (see _BF v
BG_ at [161]) and only decreased the $11,000 to $10,000 to take into account
the Wife’s earning capacity. We see no reason to disagree with the judge.

80 The Wife appealed against the reduction of $1,000 in the maintenance. The
judge’s finding that the Wife will be able to earn $1,000 a month is
conservative given her qualifications. This is so despite the fact that the
Wife is now almost 52 years of age and has been out of the workforce for most
of the past 11 years. In fact, before us, the Wife acknowledged that she could
earn $3,000 per month if she worked full-time. However, in our view, the
reduction of $1,000 to take account of income she could earn on a part-time
basis is not unreasonable.

Husband’s ability

81 The other issue to be considered is the Husband’s ability to pay. On this
issue, the judge was convinced that the Husband had the ability to pay
maintenance of $10,000 a month in addition to paying the children’s school
fees. Indeed, before us, the Husband candidly admitted that he would be able
to earn far more than the $17,000 per month he claims to be currently earning.
Nevertheless he sought to reduce the maintenance to only $6,000 a month,
excluding school fees, arguing that his health did not permit him to maximise
his earnings. We were not persuaded.

82 Accordingly, we do not propose to disturb the judge’s finding that the
Husband has the ability to pay $10,000 a month on top of paying the school
fees. We therefore dismiss both parties’ appeals in this regard.

**_The Husband’s and the Wife’s appeals against the order to pay maintenance
according to the Consent Order less $1,000 per month from 1 January 2004 to 31
August 2005_**

83 For the reasons discussed above, both parties’ appeals in this regard are
also dismissed.

**_The Husband’s appeal against the order to pay maintenance according to the
Consent Order until 31 December 2003_**

84 The Husband argued that a material change in the circumstances should have
led him to stop paying maintenance according to the Consent Order. The
material change in circumstances was when the Husband’s payment of salary and
benefits from John Doe Asia stopped. In fact, DJ Khoo noted that there was a
material change in circumstances from 7 September 2003 onwards when the
Husband stopped receiving expatriate benefits.[note: 28]

85 As the judge found in _BF v BG_ at [120], according to the Husband’s fourth
affidavit, his departure from John Doe Asia was not sudden but was negotiated
over eight months. Based on what the Husband had asserted, he was aware since
July 2002 (eight months before 16 May 2003) that he was likely to leave John
Doe Asia. When he agreed to certain maintenance payments in late December
2002, he was aware that he was likely to leave his employment. By March 2003,
when he signed the Agreement, he could not have been in doubt about his
departure. As the judge observed, if the Husband was not confident that he
would be able to meet his obligations in view of his impending departure, he
would not have signed the Agreement.

86 In the appeal before us, the Husband did not address the judge’s finding on
this point save to assert that the cessation of his employment in March 2003
was “somebody [_sic_] which took place abruptly”.[note: 29] In the event, we
would dismiss the Husband’s appeal in this regard.

**Conclusion**

85 Our decisions in relation to each party’s specific appeals are summarised
below.

**_The Husband’s appeal in Civil Appeal No 138 of 2006_**

86 In relation to the Husband’s appeal against each of the following orders of
the judge, our decision is set out at the end thereof in bold italics within
parenthesis:

(a) Division of matrimonial assets

(i) that the Wife is entitled to 40% of the matrimonial assets instead of 25%
as ordered by DJ Khoo **[_appeal dismissed_]**;

(ii) that the sum of US$136,354 should be included as part of the matrimonial
assets to be divided **[_appeal dismissed_]**; and

(iii) that the Husband is not entitled to deduct $59,743.94 of income tax paid
by him from the matrimonial assets to be divided, in particular from the
credit balance of $175,413.71 in the DBS account. **[_appeal allowed_]**.

(b) Maintenance

that the Husband is to pay maintenance as follows:

(i) up to 31 December 2003, according to the terms of the Consent Order
**[_appeal dismissed_]**;

(ii) from 1 January 2004 to 31 August 2005, according to the terms of the
Consent Order, less $1,000 per month **[_appeal dismissed_]**; and

(iii) from 1 September 2005, $10,000 a month in addition to school fees to be
paid directly by the Husband to the school **[_appeal dismissed_]**.

**_The Wife’s appeal in Civil Appeal No 139 of 2006_**

87 In relation to the Wife’s appeal against each of the following orders of
the judge, our decision is set out at the end thereof in bold italics within
parenthesis:

(a) Access

(i) that, after the 2006 school Christmas holidays, the Husband is to have
extended access on alternate weekends as follows: weekends 1 and 3: Friday
8.00pm to Sunday 10.00am; weekends 2, 4 and 5 (if any): Saturday 10.00am to
Sunday 10.00am **[_appeal dismissed_]**; and

(ii) that, with effect from the 2007 school Christmas holidays, the Wife is to
have the children from 10.00am of 24 December to 2.30pm of 26 December and
subject thereto the Wife is to have the children for the first half of such
holidays and the Husband the second half, provided that the Husband is to
return the children to the Wife by 10.00am on the last Saturday of such
holidays **[_appeal dismissed subject to proviso in_ [21] _above_]**.

(b) Division of matrimonial assets

(i) that neither the Carlotta property nor its sale proceeds are part of the
matrimonial assets **[_appeal dismissed_]**;

(ii) that the sale proceeds, and not the investment value, of the Valencia and
Bionutrics shares are part of the matrimonial assets **[_appeal dismissed
subject to proviso in_ [43] _above_]**;

(iii) that, in respect of the Husband’s CPF account, the Husband is to pay the
Wife her share of $12,886 and interest thereon when he reaches 55 years; in
the meantime, the Husband’s CPF ordinary account is charged accordingly
**[_appeal dismissed_]**;

(iv) that the Wife is to transfer 60% of the shares in Upaid to the Husband
with the Husband paying the expenses of the transfer **[a _ppeal
dismissed_]**; and

(v) that the Husband is to pay the Wife her share of the loan of US$10,000
made by the Husband to a couple within 14 days of receipt of repayment and, in
the meantime, the Husband is to notify the Wife by 14 January of each year
whether he has received any repayment in the previous year **[_appeal
dismissed_]**.

(c) Maintenance  
that the Husband is to pay maintenance as follows:

(i) from 1 January 2004 to 31 August 2005, according to the terms of the
Consent Order, less $1,000 per month **[_appeal dismissed_]**; and

(ii) from 1 September 2005, $10,000 a month in addition to school fees to be
paid directly to the school **[_appeal dismissed_]**.

**_Costs_**

88 On the issue of costs, we are of the view that each party should pay his or
her own costs. The usual consequential orders are also to follow.

* * *

[note: 1] _The Wife’s Appellant’s Case_ at 2.

[note: 2] _The Husband’s Appellant’s Core Bundle_ , Vol I at 406.

[note: 3] _The Husband’s Appellant’s Case_ at 38.

[note: 4] _Joint Record of Appeal_ , Vol III Part A at 1725 to 1729.

[note: 5] _Joint Record of Appeal_ , Vol III Part A at 1727.

[note: 6] _Joint Record of Appeal_ , Vol III Part A at 1725.

[note: 7] _Joint Record of Appeal_ , Vol III-D at 87.

[note: 8] _Joint Record of Appeal_ , Vol III-D at 87.

[note: 9] _Joint Record of Appeal_ , Vol II Part E at 1532.48.

[note: 10] _Joint Record of Appeal_ , Vol III Part L at 4894 to 4898.

[note: 11] _Joint Record of Appeal_ , Vol III Part L at 4898.

[note: 12] _The Husband’s Appellant’s Core Bundle_ at 610.

[note: 13] _Joint Record of Appeal_ , Vol IV Part G at 7833.

[note: 14] _Joint Record of Appeal_ , Vol III Part P at 6235.

[note: 15] _The Husband’s Appellant’s Case_ at 38.

[note: 16] _The Husband’s Appellant’s Core Bundle_ , Vol I at 185 and 188.

[note: 17] _The Wife’s Respondent’s Case_ at 25.

[note: 18] _The Husband’s Appellant’s Core Bundle_ at 239.

[note: 19] _The Husband’s Appellant’s Case_ at 33.

[note: 20] _The Husband’s Appellant’s Core Bundle_ , Vol I at 192.

[note: 21] _The Husband’s Appellant’s Core Bundle_ , Vol I at 224.

[note: 22] _The Husband’s Appellant’s Core Bundle_ , Vol I at 192.

[note: 23] _The Husband’s Appellant’s Core Bundle_ , Vol I at 172.

[note: 24] _The Husband’s Appellant’s Core Bundle_ , Vol I at 192.

[note: 25] _The Husband’s Appellant’s Case_ at 43.

[note: 26] _The Wife’s Appellant’s Case_ at 59.

[note: 27] _The Wife’s Appellant’s Case_ at 60.

[note: 28] _The Husband’s Appellant’s Case_ at 98 and 99.

[note: 29] _The Husband’s Appellant’s Case_ at 100.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 25 May 2007 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

