Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Asirham Investment Pte Ltd v JSI Shipping (S) Pte Ltd  
[2007] SGHC 171

Case Number | : | Suit 522/2006  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 04 October 2007  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Choo Han Teck J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Daniel Koh and Chen Xinping (Rajah & Tann) for the plaintiff; Tan Yeow Hiang (Kelvin Chia Partnership) for the defendant   
Parties | : |  Asirham Investment Pte Ltd — JSI Shipping (S) Pte Ltd   
  
Contract – Breach – Whether demand for return of deposit and threat to
commence legal proceedings for failure to return deposit amounting to breach  
  
Landlord and Tenant – Agreements for leases – Material terms – Whether tenancy
agreement valid and enforceable – Whether absence of floor plan fatal to
validity – Whether unspecified commencement date fatal to validity  
  
Landlord and Tenant – Agreements for leases – Whether lease agreement subject
to implied condition precedent – Whether failure to fulfil alleged condition
precedent amounting to breach  
  

4 October 2007 |  Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Choo Han Teck J:

1 The plaintiff, Asirham Investment Pte Ltd, is a company set up by First
Tradegate Co Pte Ltd (“FTG”) and Maxz Universal Group (“MDG”), specifically
for the purpose of entering into an agreement with the defendant, JSI Shipping
(S) Pte Ltd, and carrying out a project under the agreement (“the Project”).
FTG is involved in the business of procuring and leasing commercial premises
to companies. The defendant is engaged in the business of _inter alia_
warehousing, distribution, and provision of freight forwarding services.

2 The facts leading up to the commencement of this action may be recounted
briefly in chronological order. In early 2003, Ho Yew Peng (“Michael Ho”), a
working director of FTG, initiated discussions with Leong Yew Cheong (“Zac”),
who was then the defendant’s General Manager, regarding procurement of new
premises for the defendant’s operations. The negotiations culminated in a
letter of offer dated 1 November 2004 (“the 1st Letter of Offer”), wherein FTG
offered to construct a build-to-lease facility (“the Facility”) for the
defendant. The 1st Letter of Offer was marked “subject to contract” and signed
and accepted by Zac on behalf of the defendant on 30 November 2004.

3 Further discussions ensued and on 29 March 2005, a second letter of offer
(“the 2nd Letter of Offer”) was issued by FTG. The 2nd Letter of Offer was
similarly marked “subject to contract” and set out the various specifications
for the Facility. The defendant was also required, upon the signing of the 2nd
Letter of Offer, to pay a one-month holding deposit of $112,000. The 2nd
Letter of Offer was accepted and signed by Zac on behalf of the defendant and
the sum of $112,000 was paid accordingly.

4 On 20 July 2005, the plaintiff was incorporated as a joint venture vehicle
to carry out the Project. The joint venture partners were FTG and MDG. Ng Siew
Hoon (“Ruth Ng”) from FTG and Seeto Keong (“Seeto”) from MDG were registered
as the plaintiff’s directors.

5 On 18 September 2005, the plaintiff and defendant entered into a tenancy
agreement (“the Tenancy Agreement”). Clauses 1 and 1.1 of the Tenancy
Agreement stated as follows:

1\. The Landlord agrees to let and the Tenant agrees to take the premises
situated at and known as _Changi International Logistic Park North, Plot_
_3,_ Singapore for the floor area as edged in red on the attached floor plan
of 100,000 Sq Ft (hereinafter called “the premises”). TO HOLD unto the Tenant
for the lease term of _Seven (7)_ years from _*July, 2006 to June 2013_ at a
monthly rental of Singapore Dollars _One Hundred & Forty Thousand Only_
(_S$140,000.00_) with the Goods & Services Tax of Singapore Dollars _Seven
Thousand_ Only (_S$7,000.00_) making a total of Singapore Dollars _One Hundred
and Forty Seven Thousand_ Only (_S$147,000.00_) per month inclusive of
maintenance charges for the premises payable in advance on the _1st_ day of
each calendar month. Any future increase of Goods and Services Tax shall by
borne by the Tenant.

1.1 The Landlord agrees to give rental free period from _July 2006 to August
2006_ to the Tenant for renovation and fittings up works.

[emphasis in original]

It will be seen from the above clauses that the following terms of the tenancy
are stipulated:

(a) _Location_ — premises situated at Changi International Logistic Park
North, Plot 3, Singapore;

(b) _Floor area leased_ — 100,000 Sq Ft, floor area etched in red on the
“attached floor plan”;

(c) _Term of lease_ — July 2006 to June 2013; and

(d) _Rental_ — monthly rental of $147,000 (inclusive of Goods and Services
Tax) payable in advance on the 1st of every calendar month. The tenant is to
enjoy a rent free period from July 2006 to August 2006.

The Tenancy Agreement was a detailed document setting out the covenants of
both the landlord and the tenant intended by them to be comprehensive. It was
signed by Ruth Ng on behalf of the plaintiff as landlord and Zac on behalf of
the defendant as tenant. It should be noted that while the Tenancy Agreement
referred to an “attached floor plan”, the evidence given at the trial by
Michael Ho was that there was in fact no floor plan appended to the original
Tenancy Agreement.

6 The land on which the Facility was to be built was owned by Jurong Town
Corporation (“JTC”) and it was not disputed that JTC’s approval was required
for the proposed development. On 6 October 2005, JTC informed the plaintiff by
letter that it was unable to approve the plaintiff’s application as the
plaintiff had not demonstrated “sound financial capabilities” to undertake the
project. After this, the plaintiff’s representatives had a meeting with Jess
Ong (“Jess”), a JTC representative, and assured Jess of the plaintiff’s
capability and firm commitment to develop the Facility. According to the
plaintiff, Jess said that if MDG submitted an application as the stated
developer, JTC would consider the application afresh.

7 Sometime in October 2005, Zac left the employment of the defendant and was
replaced by one Yip Kum Yew (“Yip”), who was authorised by the defendant to
liaise with the plaintiff regarding the development of the Facility. As the
defendant was facing some cash flow problems at that time, the parties started
negotiating for variations to the specifications of the Facility. In a letter
of 13th October 2005 addressed by Michael Ho to Yip, reference was made to the
2nd Letter of Offer, and the reviewed specifications of the Facility were set
out. It was stipulated _inter alia_ that the size of the warehouse was now to
be 70,000 sq ft. This letter was _not_ marked “subject to contract”.

8 This was followed by a letter dated 7th November 2005 addressed by Michael
Ho to Yip, reference being made once again to the 2nd Letter of Offer. This
letter stated that the size of the warehouse was to be 58,000 sq ft. This was
_not_ accepted or signed by the defendant. A further letter sent on 21st
November 2005 by Michael Ho to Yip which varied some of the terms stipulated
in the letter of 7th November 2005 was also _not_ accepted or signed by the
defendant.

9 On 6 March 2006, the defendant, through its solicitors, sent a letter of
demand to the plaintiff and sought a refund of $112,000 on the basis that
there had been a total failure of consideration as the parties had failed to
enter into any formal contract in respect of the construction of the Facility.
The plaintiff did not pay the sum demanded and the defendant filed a claim
against FTG in DC Suit No 2686 of 2006/X. The plaintiff then filed the present
claim for breach of contract on the basis of the defendant’s wrongful
repudiation of the Tenancy Agreement. The defendant simultaneously filed a
counterclaim for breach of contract insofar as the plaintiff was unable to
complete the Project by the time stipulated in the Tenancy Agreement. The
proceedings in DC Suit No 2686 of 2006 have been stayed pending the outcome of
the present suit. In my view, the parties ought to have transferred those
proceedings to be joined and consolidated with the present action. However, as
they had not done so, my decision will be confined to the present action
before me.

10 This case is straightforward in the sense that there are really only two
issues for the Court to decide, namely, whether the parties had entered into a
valid and binding contract, and if so, whether the defendant had repudiated
the contract. On an assessment of all the evidence, I find that the parties
entered into a valid and binding tenancy agreement. This is clear from a
perusal of the contractual documents. The 1st Letter of Offer and the 2nd
Letter of Offer were both marked “subject to contract”. It is clear that where
an agreement is stipulated as being “subject to contract”, no binding and
enforceable contract arises between the parties until a formal written
document embodying all the terms of their agreement has been executed by them.
Thus, even though the defendant had signed and accepted those terms, no
binding contract with respect to the development of the Facility had yet
arisen at that point in time. The negotiations then culminated in the Tenancy
Agreement being entered into on 18 September 2005. This document was _not_
marked “subject to contract”, and set out all the material terms of the
parties’ agreement as well as the detailed covenants given by the landlord and
tenant. It should be noted that in cases where negotiations have been
protracted and there has been a considerable exchange of written
correspondence, the court will only have to ascertain whether the parties had
reached an agreement on the _material points,_ even though there may be slight
differences in the documents passing between them: _Projections Pte Ltd v The
Tai Ping Insurance Co Ltd_ [2001] 2 SLR 399 at [16]. Returning to the facts of
the present case, the Project was primarily one in which the defendant would
lease specifically construed premises from the plaintiff for a fixed period.
In this regard, the material terms that the parties would have to agree upon
in relation to the tenancy would be: (a) the names of the parties; (b) the
identity of the property to be leased; (c) the term of the lease and its
commencement; and (d) the rental to be paid: _Maresse Collections Inc v
Trademart Singapore Pte Ltd_ [1999] SGHC 123 at [20]. As the Tenancy Agreement
dated 18 September 2005 contained all these particulars (see [5] above), I am
thus satisfied that the parties had entered into a valid and enforceable
tenancy agreement. After 18 September 2005, any changes to the terms of the
Tenancy Agreement had to be by way of variation of contract agreed to between
the parties and supported by valuable consideration. There had been no
variation to the terms in this case as none of the offers made by the
plaintiff, by way of letters sent on 13 October, 7 November and 21 November
2005 (see [7] and [8] above), were signed or accepted by the defendant.

11 The next issue to consider is whether the defendant had breached the
contract. A renunciation of contract occurs when one party, by words or
conduct, evinces an intention not to perform, or expressly declares that he is
or will be unable to perform, his obligations under the contract in some
essential respect. I am of the opinion that the defendant had, by its letter
sent on 6 March 2006 through its solicitors, effectively renounced its
obligations under the contract and was thereby in breach of contract. In the
letter, the defendant’s solicitors demanded an immediate return of the money
paid under the 2nd Letter of Offer and threatened to commence legal
proceedings (which it did) where the sum was not paid. In my view, this was an
express refusal by the defendant to continue with its obligations under the
contract and thereby it had breached the contract. The plaintiff was thus
entitled to treat the contract as terminated and institute a claim for
damages. I shall now deal briefly with the defences raised by the defendant.

12 The defendant argued that, pursuant to s 52 of the Stamp Duties Act (Cap
312, 2006 Rev Ed), the Tenancy Agreement was inadmissible because the
plaintiff had failed to pay the requisite penalty stipulated under s 46(1)(c)
of the same Act. In my view, this argument fails for two reasons. First, the
defendant had not produced any evidence _at the trial_ to show that the
penalty had not been fully paid. What had happened was that after the
defendant raised this objection, the plaintiff proceeded to stamp the Tenancy
Agreement and tendered the original Certificate of Stamp Duty (“the
Certificate”) at the commencement of the trial. The Certificate was admitted
in evidence and according to the Certificate, a sum of $26,880 had been paid
as stamp duty and $4,715 had been paid as a penalty. At the trial, the
defendant did not raise any objection to the penalty being underpaid. These
objections were only raised by the defendant’s solicitors _after the trial_ by
way of letter to the court dated 7 September 2007, wherein the defendant
attached a letter from the Commissioner of Stamp Duties (“the Commissioner”)
stating that the requisite amount of penalty had not been fully paid. In my
view, this fresh evidence should not be taken into account and the decision in
this case should be based on the evidence before the court at the trial. Given
that the trial had already come to a close, the proper procedure would have
been for the defendant to make a formal application to adduce the
Commissioner’s letter. Its failure to do so prevented the court from hearing
full submissions from both parties on whether the Commissioner’s letter could,
or should, be admitted into evidence at this very late stage. I therefore do
not take the Commissioner’s letter into account in making my decision. I
should add that I might have exercised my discretion more liberally had such
an application been made before the conclusion of the trial but the fact
remains that it was not made and a solicitor’s letter to the court could not
be considered an application.

13 The second reason why the defendant’s argument fails is that, ironically,
payment of the stamp duty was an obligation of the defendant under the Tenancy
Agreement and, in my view, it should not be allowed to rely on its own
omission to avoid liability. Under cl 2.3 of the Tenancy Agreement, the tenant
covenanted as follows:

To pay the stamp duty connected with the execution of this Tenancy Agreement
and shall also furnish to the Landlord with a Corporate Guarantee that cover
the full lease period of this Agreement.

Regardless of whether the Tenancy Agreement was intended to constitute the
full and final agreement between the parties (which I hold to be so), the
defendant had accepted and signed the agreement. The obligation lay with the
defendant to stamp the agreement and it would be inequitable for the defendant
to now rely on its own omission to escape liability.

14 The defendant also argued that the Tenancy Agreement was void for
uncertainty for two reasons. Firstly, whilst the Tenancy Agreement made
express reference to an attached floor plan, no such floor plan was attached
to the original Tenancy Agreement. The defendant reasoned that the area to be
leased therefore could not be ascertained objectively and was therefore
uncertain. Secondly, the defendant argued that the Agreement was uncertain
because it did not specify the date of commencement of the tenancy.

15 In my view, these two arguments should be dismissed. In relation to the
floor plan, I am of the opinion that the Tenancy Agreement had identified with
sufficient certainty the area to be leased. The plot of land, _viz.,_ Plot 3,
Changi International Logistic Park North, and the area of the warehouse,
_viz.,_ 100,000 sq ft, had been expressly identified. The fact that no floor
plan was attached was not fatal to the validity of the Tenancy Agreement. As
to the defendant’s second argument, it is clear that in the case of an
agreement for a lease, unless the length of the term and the commencement of
the term are defined, the general position is that the agreement is uncertain
and therefore not binding on the parties: _Harvey v Pratt_ [1965] 1 WLR 1025.
However, it is also established that if the date of commencement of the
tenancy is not expressly fixed, but the rent is made payable from a certain
date, the law would treat that date as the date for commencement of the term.
Such a tenancy would be binding: _Maresse Collections Inc v Trademart
Singapore Pte Ltd_ [1999] SGHC 123 at [24]. On the facts of the present case,
even though the Tenancy Agreement did not provide the _specific_ date for the
commencement of the lease, it was stipulated that the lease term was to be
from July 2006. The case of _Harvey v Pratt_ is distinguishable because in
that case, no date for the commencement of the lease was stipulated at all.
Further, in the present case, the date on which the first rental payment was
due was plainly set out (_viz.,_ $147,000 payable in advance on the 1st day of
each calendar month, with free rental from July 2006 to August 2006). The
defendant’s arguments that the Tenancy Agreement was void for uncertainty are
therefore dismissed.

16 Finally, the defendant argued that there was an implied condition precedent
in the Tenancy Agreement that JTC’s approval would have to be obtained prior
to July 2006 before the obligations of the parties under the Tenancy Agreement
would arise. As this condition precedent had not been fulfilled, the defendant
argued that its obligations under the Tenancy Agreement had not arisen. This
argument cannot be accepted primarily because there was scant and insufficient
evidence that the parties had intended for JTC approval to be a condition
precedent to the formation of the Tenancy Agreement. This was exacerbated by
the fact that, for some reason, the defendant did not call Zac as a witness to
shed light on the discussions that took place. In my view, the requirement for
JTC approval was a mere term in the Tenancy Agreement which, if unfulfilled,
would allow the defendant to sue the plaintiff for breach of contract. Had the
plaintiff failed, for whatever reason (including the possibility that JTC
approval could not be obtained), to deliver up the completed Facility by the
date stipulated in the Tenancy Agreement, i.e._,_ July 2006, it was always
open to the defendant to sue the plaintiff for breach of contract. Instead,
the defendant chose to renounce its obligations under the contract before July
2006 and this entitled the plaintiff to treat the contract as terminated and
sue the defendant for damages. In these circumstances, the defendant’s
counterclaim against the plaintiff for breach of contract cannot be sustained.

17 The plaintiff is therefore entitled to interlocutory judgment with damages
to be assessed and the defendant’s counterclaim is dismissed. I will hear the
question of costs at a later date if parties are unable to agree costs.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 04 Oct 2007 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

