Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Seiko Epson Corp v Sepoms Technology Pte Ltd and Another  
[2007] SGHC 81

Case Number | : | Suit 699/2005, RA 375/2006  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 25 May 2007  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Lai Siu Chiu J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Koh Chia Ling with Ang Kai Hsiang (Alban Tay Mahtani & De Silva) for the plaintiff; Yeong Zee Kin (Rajah & Tann) for the defendants   
Parties | : |  Seiko Epson Corp — Sepoms Technology Pte Ltd; Jal Technology (S) Pte Ltd   
  
Patents and Inventions – Infringement – Liability to account for profits –
Whether lack of requisite knowledge of patent may be pleaded by infringing
party after consent judgment reached to limit period of infringement for
accounting purposes – Whether infringing party should be ordered to furnish
accounts for period of infringement asserted by party alleging infringement –
Section 69(1) Patents Act (Cap 221, 2005 Rev Ed)  
  

25 May 2007  |   
---|---  
  
Lai Siu Chiu J:

1 Seiko Epson Corporation, the plaintiff, filed Registrar’s Appeal No. 375 of
2006 (“the Appeal”) against the decision of the Assistant Registrar in Summons
No. 5337 of 2006 (“the Application”) in refusing to order Sepoms Technology
Pte Ltd and JAL Technology (S) Pte Ltd, the first and second defendants
respectively, to file a further account for the period 20 February 1998 to 30
September 2005.

2 The Appeal came on for hearing before me. I dismissed the Appeal and the
plaintiff has now filed a notice of appeal (in Civil Appeal No. 19 of 2007)
against my decision.

The facts

3 The plaintiff is _inter alia_ a manufacturer of ink jet printers. The
defendants manufacture and offer for sale compatible and refillable ink
cartridges, which can be used to replace ink cartridges produced by the
manufacturers of printers such as those manufactured by the plaintiff. The
plaintiff and the defendants both own patents relating to ink cartridges.

4 The plaintiff commenced this suit on 5 October 2005 against the defendants
for patent infringement of Singapore Patent No. SG46602 (“the Patent”). In
their defence and counterclaim, the defendants denied their acts were
infringing and if their acts infringed, the defendants averred that they did
not know nor had reasonable grounds to believe that the Patent existed. The
defendants further challenged the validity of the Patent in their
counterclaim.

5 On 2 August 2006, the parties reached a consent judgment in the following
terms before Tan Lee Meng J:

(a) the Patent was valid and had been infringed by the defendants.

(b) the defendants, whether by themselves, their directors, officers,
servants, agents or any of them or otherwise howsoever were restrained from
making, disposing of, offering to dispose of, keeping for disposal or
otherwise, using and/or importing, ink cartridges under the trademark SEPOMS
with 43 model numbers (which were set out) and were restrained from directing,
procuring, instigating, causing, enabling or assisting others to do so.

(c) there would be an account of profits by the defendants.

(d) the defendants would pay the plaintiff interest at the rate of 6% per
annum on the accounted sum from the date of the writ of summons to the date of
judgment.

(e) the defendants were to deliver up forthwith to the plaintiff (or destroy
such destruction to be verified on oath) all articles in relation to which the
Patent had been infringed.

(f) the defendants would pay the plaintiff the costs of this suit to be taxed
if not agreed.

(g) the counterclaim was withdrawn with costs to be paid by the defendants to
the plaintiff to be agreed or taxed.

(h) parties were given liberty to apply.

6 In compliance with prayer (c) in the consent judgment, for the purpose of
the forthcoming inquiry, the defendants filed (separately) in court on 30
October 2006, their accounts commencing from the date of the writ (5 October
2005) to 31 July 2006 (“the accounted period”). The defendants’ director Chou
Khow Shing (“Chou”) followed by filing his Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief on
27 November 2006, wherein he deposed that the defendants first acquired
knowledge of the Patent on 7 October 2005 when they were served with the
statement of claim in this suit. Prior thereto, the defendants did not receive
any “cease and desist” letter from the plaintiff nor were the defendants
informed orally or in writing by the plaintiff of the existence of the Patent
or of the defendants’ infringement. Consequently, he was of the view that the
defendants were only liable to account to the plaintiff from 7 October 2005 to
2 August 2006.

7 Chou explained that the accounts for the period 1 October 2005 to 30 April
2006 were prepared based on the defendants’ audited accounts for the financial
year ending 30 April 2006. For the next period 1 May 2006 to 31 July 2006, the
accounts were prepared based on the defendants’ existing accounts.

8 Chou deposed that the defendants had no reasonable grounds for supposing
that the Patent existed, for a number of reasons which he detailed in his
affidavit. He added that the defendants agreed to the consent judgment for
“commercial practicality”.

9 The plaintiff was dissatisfied with the defendants’ accounts as filed and
filed an objection on 13 November 2006 against both set of accounts, pointing
out that the accounted period differed from the period of infringement which
it contended was from the date of publication (20 February 1998) of the Patent
until the date of the consent judgment. The plaintiff also objected to Chou’s
affidavit, taking issue with those paragraphs where Chou had related the
events from which the defendants acquired the requisite knowledge of the
Patent.

10 The plaintiff followed up by filing the Application. The Assistant
Registrar dismissed the Application with costs to the defendants, accepting
the submission of counsel for the defendants that a Summons hearing was not an
appropriate forum for a determination of the date when the account of profits
by the defendants should commence. That was best left to the determination of
the Registrar conducting the inquiry. In dismissing the Appeal with costs
fixed at $2,000, I endorsed the view of the court below.

The arguments

11 Counsel for the plaintiff submitted that the defendants were estopped by
the consent judgment from raising the defence of innocent patent infringement
post the judgment date. Counsel contended that the consent judgment was final
and conclusive, relying on _Lee Tat Development Pte Ltd v Management
Corporation of Grange Heights Strata Title No._  _301 (No._  _2)_ [2005] 3 SLR
157 (“ _Lee Tat’s_ case”) for the meaning of issue estoppel. There could not
be a residual defence of innocent infringement as raised by the defendants. He
submitted that if the court was to rule that the pleaded defence of innocent
infringement was still available to the defendants and the issue had to be
tried, that would be an oddity in the light of the consent judgment. As such,
the Appeal should be allowed and the defendants be ordered to furnish accounts
from the date of the registration of the Patent until 30 September 2005.

12 Counsel for the defendants on the other hand submitted that the issue of
innocent infringement need not be tried because of s 69(1) of the Patents Act
(Cap 221, 2005 Rev Ed) (“the Act”) which states:

In proceedings for infringement of a patent, damages shall not be awarded and
no order shall be made for an account of profits against a _defendant who
proves that at the date of the infringement he was not aware, and had no
reasonable grounds for supposing, that the patent existed._

[emphasis added]

The defendants’ state of mind (as deposed to in Chou’s affidavit) was
consequently relevant in order to establish when the defendants’ liability to
account for profits commenced. In accordance with the above section of the
Act, the defendants were prepared to account from the date on which they
acquired the requisite knowledge of the Patent _viz_ the date of service of
the writ. As the plaintiff asserted that the defendants were liable to account
for a much longer period, this dispute of fact required only a limited inquiry
into when the defendants acquired the requisite knowledge of the existence of
the Patent.

13 Counsel for the defendants added that it was a question of fact when an
infringer acquired the requisite knowledge. He cited _Wilbec Plastics Limited
v Wilson Dawes (Sales and Contracts) Limited_ [1966] RPC 513 and _Hunter
Manufacturing Pte Ltd v Soundtex Switchgear & Engineering Pte Ltd_ [2001] 1
SLR 401 for this proposition. No doubt the burden was on the defendants to
prove that they acquired the requisite knowledge from a certain date either of
the Patent’s existence or of grounds for supposing that the Patent existed.
The test to be applied was objective (see _Lancer Boss Ltd v Henley Forklift
Co Ltd_ [1975] RPC 307) and the court must make a finding on the facts to
determine when the infringer acquired the requisite knowledge (_Trek
Technology(Singapore) Pte Ltd v FE Global Electronics Pte Ltd & Ors (No._
_2)_ [2005] 3 SLR 389 and _Main-Line Corporate Holdings Ltd v United Overseas
Bank Ltd & First Currency Choice Pte Ltd_ [2007] 1 SLR 1021 (“ _Main-Line’s
case”_)_._

14 Further, O 43 r 3 of the Rules of Court (2004 revised edition) (“the
Rules”) states:

(1) Where the Court orders an account to be taken, it may by the same or a
subsequent order give directions with regard to the manner in which the
account is to be taken or vouched or the inquiry is to be made.

15 Order 38 r 1 sets out the general rule for the taking of _viva voce_
evidence in trials by the examination of witnesses. Order 38 r 8 states:

Rules 1 to 7 shall apply to trials of issues or questions of fact or law,
references, inquiries and assessments of damages as they apply to the trial of
actions.

Pursuant to O 43 r 1 of the Rules, the taking of accounts is an inquiry. Read
with O 38 r 8, the issue to determine when the defendants acquired the
requisite knowledge of the Patent (so as to limit the plaintiff’s entitlement
to profits under s 69(1) of the Act) should not be made at an interlocutory
hearing but should be determined at the inquiry stage. Findings of fact should
not in any case be made at interlocutory hearings (see _Raymond Construction
Pte Ltd v Low Yang Tong & Anor_ [1996] SGHC 136).

The decision

16 I upheld the decision of the court below as I accepted the arguments of
counsel for the defendants. Section 69(1) of the Act limited the defendants’
liability for damages for infringement and/or account of profits to the period
when they knew or had reasonable grounds for supposing that the infringed
patent existed. It was therefore well within the rights of the defendants to
assert (in Chou’s affidavit) and subsequently prove at the inquiry, that they
had no knowledge of the existence of the Patent until they were served with
the writ in this suit. Equally, the defendants were entitled to rely on the
second limb of s 69(1) to limit their liability to account to the plaintiff
for profits.

17 The submission by counsel for the plaintiff that the consent judgment was
final and conclusive and the defendants were estopped thereby from asserting
innocent infringement was misconceived. The consent judgment in this case was
final only on the issue of _liability_ for patent infringement by the
defendants. The consent judgment was very similar to an interlocutory
judgment, with damages to be assessed, because the issue of profits due to the
plaintiff resulting from the infringing acts of the defendants had to be
resolved later at an inquiry to be conducted by the Registrar.

18 Just like a hearing before the Registrar for assessment of damages pursuant
to an interlocutory judgment, evidence would have to be led at the inquiry and
witnesses would have to testify on the issue of when the defendants acquired
knowledge of the Patent. It was therefore premature of the plaintiff to raise
objections at this stage on the accounts filed by the defendants. In any case,
the first requirement of issue estoppel laid down by the Court of Appeal in
_Lee Tat’s_ case was not even fulfilled here – there needed to be a final and
conclusive judgment _on the merits_ (emphasis mine) which was absent here as
the consent judgment was not reached after the merits of the plaintiff’s claim
had been adjudicated. The issue of innocent infringement was never tried.

19 Unlike the defendant in _Main-Line’s_ case, the plea of innocent
infringement had already been raised by the defendants in their defence and
counterclaim. It would be unfair for the court to shut out the defendants
before the inquiry, from a right given to them under s 69(1) of the Act, to
file accounts on the basis that they lacked knowledge of the Patent before 7
October 2005, and to have the issue of innocent infringement on their part
determined.

20 Another consideration which I took into account was the unduly onerous and
perhaps unnecessary burden the court would be imposing on the defendants if
the Application was allowed at this stage. As was rightly pointed out by
counsel for the defendants, it would be an expensive (and I would add an
impractical) exercise, both in terms of costs and resources required, to
retrieve accounting records going back to 20 February 1998 which is almost a
decade ago.

21 It bears remembering (but apparently not to the plaintiff) that at law and
in practice, there is no requirement for any legal entity (or for that matter
individuals) to keep accounting records that go back more than seven years.
The costs of assembling or retrieving very old accounting records should only
be incurred after the defendants have been found liable to account for the
entire period 20 February 1998 to 2 August 2006. Otherwise, such costs would
have been needlessly incurred by the defendants in the event the Registrar
rule (at the inquiry) that the defendants were not required to account for any
period _before_ 7 October 2005. Even if the Registrar should direct the
defendants to prepare a further set of accounts commencing from 20 February
1998 or on any other date before the filing and/or service of the writ, no
prejudice would be caused to the plaintiff by the delay should the inquiry be
adjourned as a result. The plaintiff would be easily compensated by an
appropriate order of costs against the defendants.

Conclusion

22 To conclude, granting the Application was premature before the inquiry
stage. Accordingly, I dismissed the (plaintiff’s) Appeal with costs.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 25 May 2007 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

