Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Pertamina Energy Trading Ltd v Karaha Bodas Co LLC and Others  
[2007] SGCA 10

Case Number | : | CA 41/2006  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 01 March 2007  
Tribunal/Court | : | Court of Appeal  
Coram | : |  Kan Ting Chiu J; Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA; Tan Lee Meng J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Oommen Mathew and Rajmohan (Haq & Selvam) for the appellant; Alvin Yeo SC, Tan Kay Kheng, Tan Hsiang Yue, Aw Wen Ni (Wong Partnership) for the respondents   
Parties | : |  Pertamina Energy Trading Ltd — Karaha Bodas Co LLC; Michael Joseph Pilkington; Clyde & Co, Hong Kong   
  
Contempt of Court – Civil contempt – Mareva injunction ordered by Singapore
court in regard of foreign arbitral award – Condition of order of court that
certain information to be furnished by appellant to first respondent for
specific purpose only – Condition of order of court imposing on respondent
implied undertaking not to use information for collateral purpose – Whether
breach of such undertaking amounting to breach of court order and contempt of
court  
  
Contempt of Court – Civil contempt – Mareva injunction ordered by Singapore
court in regard of foreign arbitral award – Order of court expressing that
purpose of injunction not to prevent appellant from disposing of assets in
ordinary course of business – Whether initiation of garnishee proceedings by
first respondent thwarting operation of injunction amounts to contempt of
court  
  
Contempt of Court – Civil contempt – Whether third parties may be liable for
aiding and abetting contempt of court – Applicable principles  
  

1 March 2007 |  Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
**Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA (delivering the judgment of the court):**

**Introduction**

1 The present proceedings raised the issue of whether or not a contempt of
court had been committed in the context of a Mareva injunction. However, they
arose in somewhat unusual circumstances. There was no alleged contravention of
the Mareva injunction by the injunctee as such. There was, instead, an alleged
thwarting or frustration of the injunction concerned as well as an alleged
breach of an implied undertaking by _the injunctor_. In other words, the party
in whose _favour_ the injunction had been granted was now being accused by the
party against whom the injunction had been granted of having committed acts in
contempt of court. This was therefore an unusual fact situation. However, in
the oft-cited words of an oft-cited article (see Joseph Moskovitz, “Contempt
of Injunctions, Civil and Criminal” (1943) 43 Colum L Rev 780 at 780):

Contempt of court is the Proteus of the legal world, assuming an almost
infinite diversity of forms.

Indeed, in the English Court of Appeal decision of _Attorney-General v
Newspaper Publishing Plc_ [1988] Ch 333 (“ _Newspaper Publishing_ ”), Sir John
Donaldson MR referred to the “protean nature” of contempt (a point noted by
Lord Oliver of Aylmerton in _Attorney-General v Times Newspapers Ltd_ [1992] 1
AC 191 at 216 (“ _Times Newspapers 2_ ”)) and, in the (also) English decision
of _Attorney-General v Sport Newspapers Ltd_ [1991] 1 WLR 1194 (“ _Sport
Newspapers_ ”), Hodgson J referred (at 1230) to contempt as constituting “the
Proteus of the common law”.

2 Turning to the factual matrix proper, the appellant, Pertamina Energy
Trading Ltd (“Petral”), is a company incorporated and carrying on business in
Hong Kong. It is the first defendant of the originating summons that was
accompanied by the grant of the Mareva injunction, which forms the centrepiece
in the present proceedings (see [9] below). Perusahaan Pertambangan Minyak Dan
Gas Bumi Negara, now known as PT Pertamina (“Pertamina”), owns 99.83% of the
shareholding in Petral. The second defendant in the aforementioned originating
summons is Pertamina Energy Services Pte Ltd (“PES”). PES is incorporated in
Singapore and is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Petral. Pertamina and PES were
not parties to the contempt proceedings in the court below. Neither was
involved in this appeal either.

3 The first respondent, Karaha Bodas Co LLC (“KBC”), is a company incorporated
in the Cayman Islands. KBC is a special project vehicle that was formed for
the purposes of developing geothermal energy resources in Indonesia with
Pertamina. Currently, it is not carrying on any business because the project
with Pertamina was cancelled by Presidential Decrees issued by the Indonesian
government in 1997/1998. The cancellation of this project led to arbitration
proceedings in Switzerland and resulted in an award against Pertamina on 18
December 2001.

4 In March 2002, KBC commenced parallel enforcement proceedings in Hong Kong
and Singapore, in relation to the arbitral award which set in motion a string
of events that have led to this contempt application.

5 The second respondent is a solicitor and partner at the Hong Kong office of
a UK law firm. The second respondent is in charge of the conduct of KBC’s
enforcement proceedings in Hong Kong. The third respondent is made up of the
entire Hong Kong office of the UK law firm just referred to, and is a
partnership of 11 persons including the second respondent.

**The facts leading up to the present proceedings**

6 The Singapore High Court granted KBC leave to enforce its arbitral award on
14 March 2002, with judgment entered in the terms of the award. On 29 May
2002, KBC obtained garnishee orders _nisi_ against PES and on 6 June 2002
Pertamina applied for an order to set aside the enforcement proceedings on the
ground of invalid service.

7 Meanwhile, in concurrent Hong Kong proceedings, KBC’s execution proceedings
were stayed pending Pertamina’s application to set aside the service of court
documents. Between mid-July 2002 and early August 2002, KBC’s charging order
_nisi_ was made absolute and Pertamina’s application to set aside the service
of court documents was dismissed.

8 In Singapore, on 20 August 2002, a consent order was made in the terms that
the service of documents on Pertamina was valid, that Pertamina be given 21
days to apply to set aside the order of 14 March 2002, that the garnishee
orders _nisi_ were to remain in force and lastly, that further proceedings be
held in abeyance until the lapse of the 21-day period or until the
determination of Pertamina’s setting-aside application or until a further
order was made. On 10 September 2002, Pertamina applied to set aside the order
of 14 March 2002 and the garnishee orders _nisi_.

9 More than two years later, on 22 December 2004, KBC obtained a domestic
Mareva injunction (“the Singapore injunction”) against Petral and PES one day
after they had obtained, in Hong Kong, a worldwide Mareva injunction against
Petral. After the Singapore injunction was obtained, KBC was given leave to
serve court documents on Petral, out of jurisdiction. On 17 and 18 January
2005, PES and Petral, respectively, applied for, _inter alia_ , a discharge of
the Singapore injunction. They were in fact successful and the Singapore
injunction was discharged on 14 March 2005 (see _Karaha Bodas Co LLC v
Pertamina Energy Trading Ltd_ [2005] 2 SLR 568, affirmed in _Karaha Bodas Co
LLC v Pertamina Energy Trading Ltd_ [2006] 1 SLR 112).

10 Crucially, though, on 26 January 2005, Petral, through their lawyers sent a
letter to KBC’s Singapore lawyers informing KBC of a transfer of funds from
Bank Mandiri in Singapore to Dah Sing Bank in Hong Kong. Petral claimed in its
letter that the transfer was to effect payments as itemised in the letter. The
text of the letter is as follows:

1\. The 1st Defendants hereby advise that the [_sic_] they will be making
payments as set out in the attachment to this letter. The payments will be
made this week.

2\. The source of these funds is the 1st Defendants’ account with Bank Mandiri
(Singapore). Moneys have been transferred to the 1st Defendants’ bank account
in Hong Kong for the above purpose.

11 Petral asserts that this transfer and intended payments constituted “ _a
dealing with or disposing of any of their assets in the ordinary and proper
course of business_ ”, pursuant to Exception 2 of the Singapore injunction
(set out at [17] below). Petral’s case is that the letter was furnished
pursuant to Exception 2 of the Singapore injunction.

12 KBC’s Singapore lawyers who were in conduct of its Singapore proceedings
received Petral’s letter on 27 January 2005. KBC’s Singapore lawyers relayed
the said letter to the second respondent in Hong Kong. Having had receipt, KBC
proceeded to apply to the High Court in Hong Kong and was granted a garnishee
order _nisi_ against Dah Sing Bank, despite making full and frank disclosure
of the Singapore proceedings. Through this order, KBC was able to garnish the
moneys transferred by Petral to Dah Sing Bank.

13 The present contempt proceedings have come about through events that
occurred between 26 and 27 January 2005, starting with the letter sent out by
Petral and culminating with the point at which the moneys transferred to Dah
Sing Bank were garnished by KBC.

**The issues**

14 This appeal is brought by the appellant, Petral, against the decision of
the trial judge (“the Judge”) dismissing the appellant’s committal application
against the respondents for contempt of court (see _Karaha Bodas Co LLC v
Pertamina Energy Trading Ltd_ [2006] 3 SLR 721 (hereafter, “GD”)).

15 The issues raised by the appellant in the present proceedings are set out
as follows:

(a) Whether the first respondent had thwarted the operation of Exception 2 of
the Singapore injunction by directly preventing the appellant from dealing
with its assets in the ordinary and proper course of business.

(b) Whether the first respondent had breached the implied undertaking not to
use the information furnished in the letter of 26 January 2005 for a
collateral purpose.

(c) Assuming that contempt of court by the first respondent is established,
whether the second respondent and the third respondent should be liable for
contempt of court for aiding and abetting the first respondent in its contempt
of court.

16 Whilst we will deal with the _substance_ of these issues, we will not deal
with them in the precise manner in which they have been raised in the
preceding paragraph. In particular, although issues (a) and (b) are closely
related, they are conceptually distinct. More importantly, it would be
preferable to consider issue (b) first, which constitutes – in and of itself –
a separate ground upon which contempt of court might have been established.
Further, in so far as the second and third respondents are concerned,
additional legal issues arise as they are third parties inasmuch as they are
not parties against whom the court order was issued. And, if a contempt of
court is indeed established, the further issue arises as to the sanction to be
imposed on the party or parties concerned. To this end, after setting out the
relevant parts of the Singapore injunction in the next part of this judgment,
we proceed to consider, first, the relevant legal principles before applying
these principles to the facts in the present proceedings.

**The material portions of the Singapore injunction**

17 For ease of reference, the portions of the Singapore injunction that are
relevant to the present proceedings are set out below:

_Disposal of assets_

1\. (1) The 1st Defendant [the appellant] _must not remove from Singapore_ in
any way _dispose of or deal with or diminish the value of any of his assets
which are in Singapore_ whether in his own name or not and whether solely or
jointly owned up to the value US$36,236,581.65. This prohibition includes but
is not limited to the following assets in particular:-

…

**_EXCEPTION TO THIS ORDER_**

(1) This order does not prohibit the Defendants from spending $50,000 on legal
advice and representation. But before spending any money the Defendants must
tell the Plaintiffs’ solicitors where the money is to come from.

_(2) This order does not prohibit the Defendants from dealing with or
disposing of any of their assets in the ordinary and proper course of
business. The Defendants shall account to the Plaintiffs weekly for the amount
of money spent in this regard._

(3) The Defendants may agree with the Plaintiffs’ solicitors that the above
spending limits should be increased or that this order should be varied in any
other respect but any such agreement must be in writing.

…

**_THIRD PARTIES_**

(1)  __Effect of this order__

_It is contempt of Court for any person notified of this order knowingly to
assist in or permit a breach of the order. Any person doing so may be sent to
prison or fined._

[emphasis added]

18 We pause at this point to make some observations on Exception 2 of the
Singapore injunction (reproduced above at [17]), as it will furnish us with
the appropriate context in which to analyse the respondents’ conduct in
relation to the relevant legal principles.

19 Exception 2 is a standard exception to Mareva injunctions generally.
Exceptions such as these are necessary and fair, given the fact that the
Mareva injunction has been described as “one of the law’s two “nuclear”
weapons”: see _per_ Donaldson LJ (as he then was) in the English Court of
Appeal decision of _Bank Mellat v Nikpour_ [1985] FSR 87 at 92. Indeed, the
Mareva injunction was never intended to financially cripple the party against
whom it is made. As was aptly put in a leading text, “the court should
discourage any attempt by the claimant to make the relief more onerous for the
defendant than is necessary to achieve its legitimate objective of preventing
unjustified dissipation of assets”: see Steven Gee, _Commercial Injunctions_
(Sweet & Maxwell, 5th Ed, 2004) (“ _Gee_ ”) at para 3.001. Indeed, in the case
which gave its name to this particular procedure itself, _Mareva Compania
Naviera SA v International Bulkcarriers SA_ [1975] 2 Lloyd’s Rep 509, Lord
Denning MR observed thus (at 510):

If it appears that the debt is due and owing — and there is a danger that the
debtor may dispose of his assets so as to defeat it before judgment — the
Court has jurisdiction in a proper case to grant an interlocutory judgment so
as to prevent him disposing of those assets.

The basic requirements for the grant of a Mareva injunction have since been
elaborated upon in greater detail, but the core rationale which birthed this
particular jurisdiction is succinctly captured in the above quotation, and
should always be borne in mind.

20 The decision of the English High Court in _Iraqi Ministry of Defence v
Arcepey Shipping Co SA_ [1981] QB 65 should also be noted. In that case,
Robert Goff J (as he then was) observed thus (at 71):

[T]he point of the _Mareva_ jurisdiction is to proceed by stealth, to pre-empt
any action by the defendant to remove his assets from the jurisdiction. To
achieve that result the injunction must be in a wide form because, for
example, a transfer by the defendant to a collaborator in the jurisdiction
could lead to the transfer of the assets abroad by that collaborator. **_But
it does not follow that, having established the injunction, the court should
not thereafter permit a qualification to it to allow a transfer of assets by
the defendant if the defendant satisfies the court that he requires the money
for a purpose which does not conflict with the policy underlying the_**
_Mareva**jurisdiction**_. [emphasis added in bold italics]

The learned judge also observed as follows (at 72–73):

It does not make commercial sense that a party claiming unliquidated damages
should, without himself proceeding to judgment, prevent the defendant from
using his assets to satisfy his debts as they fall due and so put him in the
position of having to allow his creditors to proceed to judgment with
consequent loss of credit and of commercial standing. … All the interveners
[the defendant’s creditors who had lent money to the defendant for the purpose
of purchasing ships, including the ship in the case at hand] are asking [in
their application to vary the injunction so that they could, as equitable
mortgagees of the defendant’s ship as well as assignees of the insurance
policies of the said ship, be paid the proceeds of these policies as repayment
of the debt due under the loan] is that the defendants should be free to repay
such a loan if they think fit to do so, not that the loan transaction should
be enforced. **_For a defendant to be free to repay a loan in such
circumstances is not inconsistent with the policy underlying the_**
_Mareva**jurisdiction. He is not in such circumstances seeking to avoid his
responsibilities to the plaintiff if the latter should ultimately obtain a
judgment; on the contrary, he is seeking in good faith to make payments which
he considers he should make in the ordinary course of business. I cannot see
that the** Mareva **jurisdiction should be allowed to prevent such a payment.
To allow it to do so would be to stretch it beyond its original purpose so
that instead of preventing abuse it would rather prevent businessmen
conducting their businesses as they are entitled to do**_. [emphasis added in
bold italics]

21 Indeed, as Lloyd LJ put it in the English Court of Appeal decision of
_Normid Housing Association Ltd v Ralphs_ _and Mansell and Assicurazioni
Generali SpA (No 2)_ [1989] 1 Lloyd’s Rep 274 (at 275–276):

**_The Courts have never allowed the Mareva jurisdiction, beneficial though it
be, to inhibit the ordinary course of business or to interfere with a
defendant’s ordinary transactions, especially where third parties are
involved._** … [T]he principle extends beyond the payment of debts, or the
incurring of ordinary living expenses. It applies also to all ordinary
transactions in the course of business or, I would add, in the course of life.
[emphasis added in bold italics]

And, in the (also) English Court of Appeal decision of _Polly Peck
International plc v Nadir (No 2)_ [1992] 4 All ER 769 (“ _Polly Peck (No 2)_
”), Lord Donaldson of Lymington MR observed, in a similar vein, thus (at 785):

So far as it lies in their power, the courts will not permit the course of
justice to be frustrated by a defendant taking action, the purpose of which is
to render nugatory or less effective any judgment or order which the plaintiff
may thereafter obtain. … It is not the purpose of a Mareva injunction to
prevent a defendant acting as he would have acted in the absence of a claim
against him. _Whilst a defendant who is a natural person can and should be
enjoined from indulging in a spending spree undertaken with the intention of
dissipating or reducing his assets before the day of judgment, he cannot be
required to reduce his ordinary standard of living with a view to putting by
sums to satisfy a judgment which may or may not be given in the future.
Equally no defendant, whether a natural or juridical person, can be enjoined
in terms which will prevent him from carrying on his business in the ordinary
way or from meeting his debts or other obligations as they come due prior to
judgment being given in the action_. [emphasis added]

Reference may also be made to the observations of Scott LJ (_id_ at 782).

**The relevant legal principles**

**_Introduction_**

22 It is imperative to note, at the outset, that the doctrine of contempt of
court is not intended, in any manner or fashion whatsoever, to protect the
dignity of the judges as such; its purpose is more objective and is (more
importantly) rooted in the public interest. As Lord Morris of Borth-y-Gest put
it in the House of Lords decision of _Attorney-General v Times Newspapers Ltd_
[1974] AC 273 (at 302) (“ _Times Newspapers_ ”):

In an ordered community courts are established for the pacific settlement of
disputes and for the maintenance of law and order. In the general interests of
the community it is imperative that the authority of the courts should not be
imperilled and that recourse to them should not be subject to unjustifiable
interference. When such unjustifiable interference is suppressed _it is not
because those charged with the responsibilities of administering justice are
concerned for their own dignity : it is because the very structure of ordered
life is at risk if the recognised courts of the land are so flouted and their
authority wanes and is supplanted_. [emphasis added]

In the same case, Lord Cross of Chelsea observed thus (at 322):

“Contempt of court” means an interference with the administration of justice
and _it is unfortunate that the offence should continue to be known by a name
which suggests to the modern mind that its essence is a supposed affront to
the dignity of the court_. [emphasis added]

23 And, in the English decision of _Sport Newspapers_ ([1] _supra_), Bingham
LJ acknowledged (at 1206) that the law of contempt “exists to vindicate and
protect the rights of litigants, not the rights of courts or judges save in so
far as their task is to vindicate and protect the rights of litigants”.
Indeed, counsel for the applicant in this particular case had also observed
(correctly, in our view) that “[t]he courts’ power to punish for contempt
exists _not to vindicate the dignity of the court or the self-esteem of judges
but to safeguard the integrity of legal proceedings for the benefit of those
using the courts and so indirectly for the benefit of the public_ whose
interest it is that legal proceedings, civil or criminal, should be fairly
tried and justly determined” (see at 1200; emphasis added).

24 Although the doctrine of contempt of court is traditionally divided into
the criminal and the civil spheres, the line between them is not often clear
(and see the criticisms and consequent suggestion that this distinction be
abolished in John Laws, “Current Problems in the Law of Contempt” (1990) 43
CLP 99 at 100–105). Suffice it to state that, in so far as the latter is
concerned, there will always be an element of the public interest as well. As
Salmon LJ put it in the oft-cited English Court of Appeal decision of
_Jennison v Baker_ [1972] 2 QB 52 (at 64):

Of course an injunction is granted and enforced for the protection of the
plaintiff. The defendant who breaches it is sent to prison for contempt with
the object of vindicating (a) the rights of plaintiffs (especially the
plaintiff in the action) and (b) the authority of the court. _The two objects
are, in my view, inextricably intermixed._ [emphasis added]

Turning to other jurisdictions, we find a similar approach.

25 In the Australian High Court decision of _Witham v Holloway_ (1995) 69 ALJR
847, Brennan, Deane, Toohey and Gaudron JJ observed, in a joint judgment, thus
(at 851):

One problem is that there is not a true dichotomy between proceedings in the
public interest and proceedings in the interest of the individual. Even when
proceedings are taken by the individual to secure the benefit of an order or
undertaking that has not been complied with, _there is also a public interest
aspect in the sense that the proceedings also vindicate the court’s
authority_. Moreover, the public interest in the administration of justice
requires compliance with all orders and undertakings, whether or not
compliance also serves individual or private interests.

Nor can the dichotomy between proceedings in the public interest and
proceedings in the interest of the individual be maintained on the basis that
some cases involve an interference with the administration of justice and
others merely involve an interference with individual rights. _All orders_ ,
whether they be Mareva injunctions, injunctions relating to the subject matter
of the suit, or, simply, procedural orders, _are made in the interests of
justice. Non-compliance necessarily constitutes an interference with the
administration of justice even if the position can be remedied as between the
parties_.

[emphasis added]

And, in the same decision, McHugh J observed thus (at 855):

However, it is difficult to accept the claim that the disobedience of a court
order is a matter that concerns only the parties to the action. An order by
way of fine, committal or sequestration of property for disobeying a court
order cannot be regarded as a matter that concerns only the parties to the
action. The fine, committal or sequestration vindicates the authority of the
court and deters other suitors from disobeying the orders of the courts.
Whether the object of particular civil proceedings is coercive, remedial or
purely punitive, an order fining or imprisoning the contemnor or sequestrating
the property of that person _serves the public interest in maintaining the
authority of the courts of justice_. Indeed, courts and commentators recognise
that the objectives of proceedings for civil and criminal contempt overlap.
[emphasis added]

26 In the English Court of Appeal decision of _Seaward v Paterson_ [1897] 1 Ch
545, Rigby LJ stated (at 558):

That there is a jurisdiction to punish for contempt of Court is undoubted. It
has been exercised for a very long time — for longer than any of us can
remember — and it is _a punitive jurisdiction_ founded upon this, that it is
_for the good_ , not of the plaintiff or of any party to the action, but _of
the public, that the orders of Court should not be disregarded, and that
people should not be permitted to assist in the breach of those orders in what
is properly called contempt of Court_. [emphasis added]

27 Turning to Canada in general and the Canadian Supreme Court decision of
_Vidéotron Ltée v Industries Microlec Produits Électroniques Inc_ (1992) 96
DLR (4th) 376 in particular, the following observations of Gonthier J (at 398)
might be usefully noted (though _contra_ _per_ L’Heureux-Dubé __ J, who
dissented in this particular case, at 398):

The penalty for contempt of court, even when it is used to enforce a purely
private order, still involves an element of “public law”, in a sense, because
respect for the role and authority of the courts, one of the foundations of
the rule of law, is always at issue.

28 It should also be borne in mind that a court will not make a finding of
contempt of court lightly. As Lord Diplock aptly put it in _Times Newspapers_
([22] _supra_ at 311–312):

The remedy for contempt of court after it has been committed is punitive; it
may involve imprisonment yet it is summary; it is generally obtained on
affidavit evidence and it is not accompanied by those special safeguards in
favour of the accused that are a feature of the trial of an ordinary criminal
offence. Furthermore, it is a procedure which if instituted by one of the
parties to litigation is open to abuse, particularly in relation to so-called
“gagging” writs issued for the purpose of preventing repetition of statements
that are defamatory but true. The courts have therefore been vigilant to see
that the procedure for committal is not lightly invoked in cases where,
although a contempt has been committed, there is no serious likelihood that it
has caused any harm to the interests of any of the parties to the litigation
or to the public interest.

29 Reference may also be made to the following observations of Eady J in the
English High Court decision of _Lakah Group v Al Jazeera Satellite Channel_
[2002] EWHC 2500 (at [27]):

The court’s jurisdiction in contempt is a valuable one but its essential
purpose must always be borne in mind. Litigants, and indeed for that matter
the court itself, should always be mindful that resort should be had to its
salutary but Draconian powers only where necessary; that is to say, where
there is no other effective means of achieving the desired objective. The
underlying rationale of the jurisdiction is to uphold the rule of law by
protecting or enforcing the authority of the court. It is most emphatically
never appropriate to use it as a tool of oppression or even as a tactical
weapon.

30  This leads us to a closely related (and extremely important) issue – the
standard of proof that must be satisfied before a contempt of court can be
established. Indeed, as we shall see, the standard of proof required furnishes
another safeguard, given the nature of contempt proceedings as just noted
above.

**_The standard of proof_**

31** __** The law with respect to this particular issue is now well-
established: the standard of proof is the _criminal_ standard of proof beyond
a reasonable doubt (and see generally David Eady & A T H Smith, _Arlidge, Eady
& Smith on Contempt_ (Sweet & Maxwell, 3rd Ed, 2005) (“ _Arlidge, Eady &
Smith_”) at paras 3-43, 3-241–3-246 and 12-43–12-47; _Gee_ ([19] _supra_ at
para 19.059 as well as C J Miller, _Contempt of Court_ (Oxford University
Press, 3rd Ed, 2000) at para 2.08).

32 An oft-cited decision is that of the English Court of Appeal in _In re
Bramblevale Ltd_ [1970] Ch 128 (“ _Bramblevale_ ”). In that case, Lord Denning
MR made the following very pertinent observations (at 137):

A contempt of court is an offence of a criminal character. A man may be sent
to prison for it. It must be satisfactorily proved. To use the time-honoured
phrase, it must be proved beyond reasonable doubt.

33 The criminal standard of proof required to establish contempt is, in fact,
now firmly engrained in the English legal landscape (see, for example, the
English Court of Appeal decisions of _Newspaper Publishing_ ([1] _supra_ at
362) and _Dean v Dean_ [1987] 1 FLR 517, especially at 520–523; as well as the
English High Court decision of _Adrian Thomas Parker v Lincoln Rasalingham
(Trading as Microtec)_ (17 April 2000, unreported) (“ _Microtec_ ”) at [77]).

34 The decision in _Bramblevale_ has, in fact, been applied in other
jurisdictions as well: see, for example, the Australian High Court decision of
_Witham v Holloway_ ([25] _supra_). In this decision, Brennan, Deane, Toohey
and Gaudron JJ observed, in a joint judgment, thus (at 852):

The differences upon which the distinction between civil and criminal contempt
is based are, in significant respects, illusory [see also above at [25]]. They
certainly do not justify the allocation of different standards of proof for
civil and criminal contempt. Rather, the illusory nature of those differences
and the fact that the usual outcome of successful proceedings is punishment,
no matter whether primarily for the vindication of judicial authority or
primarily for the purpose of coercing obedience in the interest of the
individual, make it clear as Deane J said in _Hinch_ , that all proceedings
for contempt “must realistically be seen as criminal in nature”. The
consequence is that all charges of contempt must be proved beyond reasonable
doubt.

Reference may also be made, in the same case, to the judgment of McHugh J
(especially at 857–858).

35 Most importantly, perhaps, the criminal standard of proof has in fact been
clearly endorsed in the Singapore context in the Singapore High Court decision
of _Summit Holdings Ltd v Business Software Alliance_ [1999] 3 SLR 197 (“
_Summit Holdings_ ”) at [25]. We take the present opportunity to confirm that
the criminal standard of proof applies in all contempt proceedings.

**_The implied undertaking under the principles established in_ Riddick**

36**** The general propositions in this particular regard are straightforward.
The leading decision is that of the English Court of Appeal in _Riddick v
Thames Board Mills Ltd_ [1977] QB 881 (“ _Riddick_ ”). It has been applied in
Singapore in a number of cases (see, for example, the Singapore Court of
Appeal decisions of _Microsoft Corporation v SM Summit Holdings Ltd_ [1999] 4
SLR 529 (“ _Microsoft Corporation_ ”); _Stansfield Business International Pte
Ltd v VCS Vardan_ [1998] 1 SLR 641; and _Hong Lam Marine Pte Ltd v Koh Chye
Heng_ [1998] 3 SLR 833 (“ _Hong Lam Marine_ ”); as well as the Singapore High
Court decision of _Sim Leng Chua v Manghardt_ [1987] SLR 205).

37 In _Riddick_ itself, Lord Denning MR set out the relevant principles as
follows (at 896):

The memorandum [the document in question] was obtained _by compulsion.
Compulsion is an invasion of a private right to keep one’s documents to
oneself. The public interest in privacy and confidence demands that this
compulsion should not be pressed further than the course of justice requires.
The courts should, therefore, not allow the other party — or anyone else — to
use the documents for any ulterior or alien purpose. Otherwise the courts
themselves would be doing injustice._ Very often a party may disclose
documents, such as inter-departmental memoranda, containing criticisms of
other people or suggestions of negligence or misconduct. If these were
permitted to found actions of libel, you would find that an order for
discovery would be counter-productive. The inter-departmental memoranda would
be lost or destroyed or said never to have existed. _In order to encourage
openness and fairness, the public interest requires that documents disclosed
on discovery are not to be made use of except for the purposes of the action
in which they are disclosed._ They are not to be made a ground for comments in
the newspapers, nor for bringing a libel action, or for any other alien
purpose. The principle was stated in a work of the highest authority 93 years
ago by Bray J., _Bray on Discovery_ , 1st ed. (1885), p. 238:

“A party who has obtained access to his adversary’s documents under an order
for production has no right to make their contents public or communicate them
to any stranger to the suit : ... nor to use them or copies of them for any
collateral object ... If necessary an undertaking to that effect will be made
a condition of granting an order ...”

Since that time such an undertaking has always been implied, as Jenkins J.
said in _Alterskye v. Scott_ [1948] 1 All E.R. 469, 471. _A party who seeks
discovery of documents gets it on condition that he will make use of them only
for the purposes of that action, and no other purpose._

[emphasis added]

38 Such an implied undertaking is owed to _the court_ , and a _breach_ of such
an undertaking is _a contempt of court_ , and punishable accordingly. The
following elaboration by Hobhouse J (as he then was) in the English High Court
decision of _Prudential Assurance Co Ltd v Fountain Page Ltd_ [1991] 1 WLR 756
(at 764–765) is illuminating:

_This undertaking is implied whether the court expressly requires it or not.
The expression of the obligation as an implied undertaking given to the court
derives from the historical origin of the principle. It is now in reality a
legal obligation which arises by operation of law by virtue of the
circumstances under which the relevant person obtained the documents or
information. However treating it as having the character of an implied
undertaking continues to serve a useful purpose in that it confirms that the
obligation is one which is owed to the court for the benefit of the parties,
not one which is owed simply to the parties; likewise, it is an obligation
which the court has the right to control and can modify or release a party
from. It is an obligation which arises from legal process and therefore is
within the control of the court, gives rise to direct sanctions which the
court may impose (viz. contempt of court) and can be relieved or modified by
an order of the court._ It is thus a formulation of the obligation which has
merit and convenience and enables it to be treated flexibly having regard to
the circumstances of any particular case. Treating the duty as one which is
owed to the court and breach of which is contempt of court also involves the
principle that such contempts of court can be restrained by injunction and
that any person who knowingly aids a contempt or does acts which are
inconsistent with the undertaking is himself in contempt and liable to
sanctions: see _Distillers Co. (Biochemicals) Ltd. v. Times Newspapers Ltd_.
[1975] Q.B. 613.

_The rational basis for the rule is that where one party compels another,
either by the enforcement of a rule of court or a specific order of the court,
to disclose documents or information whether that other wishes to or not, the
party obtaining the disclosure is given this power because the invasion of the
other party’s rights has to give way to the need to do justice between those
parties in the pending litigation between them; it follows from this that the
results of such compulsion should likewise be limited to the purpose for which
the order was made, namely, the purposes of that litigation then before the
court between those parties and not for any other litigation or matter or any
collateral purpose …_

[emphasis added]

Reference may also be made to _Microsoft Corporation_ ([36] _supra_ ,
especially at [23]–[24] and [36]).

39 __ The _opposite_ of compulsion is, of course, _voluntariness_. Hence, in
_Hong Lam Marine_ ([36] _supra_), it was held (at [21]) that:

[T]he _Riddick_ principle applies to documents disclosed under compulsion of
court process, whether by virtue of the enforcement of the rules of the court
or by a specific court order. It has no application to documents voluntarily
disclosed in legal proceedings; the implied undertaking does not apply to such
documents.

40 The principles embodied in _Riddick_ are straightforward enough, and its
rationale equally clear (and for a comprehensive and relatively recent
summary, see the English High Court decision of _Cobra Golf Inc v Rata_ [1996]
FSR 819 at 830–832). There are occasional difficulties surrounding the precise
parameters of the principle (see, for example, the House of Lords decision of
_Harman v Secretary of State for the Home Department_ [1983] 1 AC 280,
although the statutory changes effected thereafter (in the UK context) appear
to have generated separate difficulties (see _Gee_ ([19] _supra_) at paras
24.002–24.003)). Fortunately, they do not arise on the facts of the present
proceedings.

**_Contempt of court and third parties_**

41 In so far as _third parties_ are concerned (in these proceedings, the
second and third respondents), there are two possible ways in which they could
commit a contempt of court.

42 The first relates to _aiding and abetting_ a party to the order concerned
in the latter’s commission of an act in contempt of court. The leading
decision in this particular regard is that of the English Court of Appeal in
_Seaward v Paterson_ ([26] _supra_). In that case, Lindley LJ held (at 554)
that while a third party was, like any other member of the public, not bound
by the court order concerned, he was:

bound, like other members of the public, not to interfere with, and not to
obstruct, the course of justice; and the case, if any, made against him must
be this — _not that he has technically infringed_ the injunction [the court
order concerned], which was not granted against him in any sense of the word,
_but that he has been_ _aiding and abetting others_ in setting the Court at
defiance, and deliberately treating the order of the Court as unworthy of
notice. If he has so conducted himself, it is perfectly idle to say that there
is no jurisdiction to attach him for contempt as distinguished from a breach
of the injunction, which has a technical meaning. … It has always been
familiar doctrine to my brother Rigby and myself that the orders of the Court
ought to be obeyed, and could not be set at naught and violated by any member
of the public, either by interfering with the officers of the Court, or by
assisting those who were bound by its orders. [emphasis added]

The learned lord justice then proceeded to observe thus (at 555–556):

_A motion to commit a man for breach of an injunction, which is technically
wrong unless he is bound by the injunction, is one thing; and a motion to
commit a man for contempt of Court, not because he is bound by the injunction
by being a party to the cause, but because he is conducting himself so as to
obstruct the course of justice, is another and a totally different thing. The
difference is very marked._ In the one case the party who is bound by the
injunction is proceeded against for the purpose of enforcing the order of the
Court for the benefit of the person who got it. In the other case the Court
will not allow its process to be set at naught and treated with contempt.
[emphasis added]

Reference may also be made to the English Court of Appeal decision of _Z Ltd v
A-Z and AA-LL_ [1982] QB 558 at 578–579 (“ _Z Ltd_ ”).

43 The second relates to conduct where there is a real risk that the due
administration of justice will be either impeded or prejudiced inasmuch as the
purpose of the court in making the order concerned would be defeated. As was
succinctly put in a legal text, “a third party must not deliberately frustrate
the purpose of the order” (see _Gee_ ([19] _supra_) at para 3.006). It need
not, of course, be shown that a certainty of prejudice would result; as just
mentioned, a real risk would suffice (see, for example, _Sport Newspapers_
([1] _supra_) at 1208). In so far as the issue of _mens rea_ on the part of
the third parties is concerned, this is discussed below (at [63]–[65]).

44 Carnwath LJ, in the English Court of Appeal decision of _World Wide Fund
for Nature v THQ/Jakks Pacific LLC_ [2004] FSR 10, after citing a passage from
the judgment of Lord Nicholls of Birkenhead in the recent House of Lords
decision of _Attorney-General v Punch Ltd_ [2003] 1 AC 1046 (“ _Punch_ ”) at
[4] (reproduced, in fact, below at [50]), succinctly referred (at 175) to this
particular category of contempt as being based on “deliberate frustration”.

45 We pause at this juncture to make three specific observations.

46 The first is that the purpose of the court order concerned depends, in the
main, on the precise terms of that order itself.

47 The second is that the relevant case law as well as secondary literature
have hitherto been concerned with the conventional situation where the _main
purpose_ , so to speak, of the court order concerned is in issue. So, for
example, the main purpose of a Mareva injunction is to prevent the unjustified
dissipation of assets. Hence, any conduct by a third party which thwarts or
undermines this particular purpose would constitute a contempt of court.
However, the situation we are presently concerned with relates to Exception 2
of a Mareva injunction. Given that Exception 2 forms an integral part of the
overall injunction itself and serves an important purpose, it is _imperative_
that it is _also observed_. To this end, therefore, _the purpose of_ Exception
2 is important, and has in fact been dealt with above (see generally at
[19]–[21]). In other words, one of the main issues in these proceedings is to
ascertain whether or not Exception 2 has been thwarted, having regard to its
_purpose_.

48 Thirdly, and turning now to the relationship between the two categories
just mentioned, the second category of contempt might _overlap_ with the
first. However, they might also differ inasmuch as the third party might not
have aided and abetted a party to the order concerned in the latter’s contempt
but might nevertheless, by its conduct, have impeded or prejudiced the due
administration of justice. Everything depends, in the final analysis, on the
precise factual matrix in question.

49 In this particular regard, the following observations by Lord Jauncey of
Tullichettle in _Times Newspapers 2_ ([1] _supra_ at 229–230) are apposite:

My Lords in none of these cases, nor in any other case cited by the
appellants, is it stated that in relation to a court order a third party can
only be liable for contempt of court if he aids and abets a person named
therein to breach it. In all these cases, however, it is made clear that a
third party’s liability depends on the fact that he has interfered with the
course of justice … Given that interference with the course of justice is the
basis of a third party’s liability for contempt … I can see no reason in
principle for distinguishing the position of a third party who aids and abets
a breach of the order and one who intends to and does achieve a similar
interference with or frustration of the order by means which do not involve
assisting the person named therein to breach it. If a third party by such
independent act renders nugatory a court order of whose existence he is aware,
why should he not be liable for contempt as he would be if he had actively
assisted the named person to defeat the operation of the order? In both cases
the third party has, with knowledge, interfered with the course of justice,
and in both cases he should in my view be subject to the same liability.

50 And, in the House of Lords decision of _Punch_ , Lord Nicholls observed, in
a similar vein, thus (in a passage which simultaneously furnishes a succinct
overview of the various categories of contempt: see [44] _supra_ at [2]–[4]):

2 Contempt of court is the established, if unfortunate, name given to the
species of wrongful conduct which consists of interference with the
administration of justice. It is an essential adjunct of the rule of law.
Interference with the administration of justice can take many forms. In civil
proceedings one obvious form is a wilful failure by a party to the proceedings
to comply with a court order made against him. By such a breach a party may
frustrate, to greater or lesser extent, the purpose the court sought to
achieve in making the order against him. …

3 … Sometimes the purpose a court seeks to achieve in making an order against
a party to proceedings may be deliberately impeded or prejudiced by the
conduct of a third party. This may take more than one form. The third party
may be assisting, that is, aiding and abetting, a breach of the order by the
person against whom the order was made. Then he is an accessory to the breach
of the order. …

_4 Aiding and abetting a breach of the order by the person specifically
restrained by the order is not always an essential ingredient of “third party”
contempt. The purpose of a court in making an order may be deliberately
frustrated by a third party even though he is acting independently of the
party against whom the order was made._ …

[emphasis added]

**_The issue of_ mens rea**

_The party to the court order_

51 In so far as the party to the court order is concerned, it would appear
that it is only necessary to prove that the relevant conduct of the party
alleged to be in breach of the court order was intentional and that it knew of
all the facts which made such conduct a breach of the order (including, of
course, knowledge of the existence of the order and of all of its material
terms (see the English High Court decision of _Re L (A Ward)_ [1988] 1 FLR 255
at 259)). However, it is unnecessary to prove that that party appreciated that
it was breaching the order. As Sachs LJ put it in the English Court of Appeal
decision of _Knight v Clifton_ [1971] Ch 700 at 721, “[the] prohibition is
absolute and is not to be related to intent unless otherwise stated on the
face of the order”.

52 The case law supporting such an approach is enormous (see, for example, the
English Restrictive Practices Court decision of _In re Mileage Conference
Group of the Tyre Manufacturers’ Conference Ltd’s Agreement_ [1966] 1 WLR 1137
(“ _Mileage Conference Group_ ”); the English High Court decisions of
_Spectravest Inc v Aperknit Ltd_ [1988] FSR 161 at 173–174; _Z Bank v D1_
[1994] 1 Lloyd’s Rep 656 at 660; and _Microtec_ ([33] _supra_ at [80]); the
English Court of Appeal decisions of _Knight v Clifton_ ([51] _supra_ at 713
and 721) and _P v P (Contempt of Court: Mental Capacity)_ [1999] 2 FLR 897 at
(“ _P v P_ ”) ; as well as the English House of Lords decisions of _Heatons
Transport (St Helens) Ltd v Transport and General Workers’ Union_ [1973] AC 15
at 109 (“ _Heatons Transport_ ”); _In re M_ [1994] 1 AC 377 at 427; _Times
Newspapers 2_ ([1] _supra_ at 217); and _Director General of Fair Trading v
Pioneer Concrete (UK) Ltd_ [1995] 1 AC 456 at 481 (“ _Pioneer Concrete_ ”)).

53 More specifically, in an oft-cited decision, _Mileage Conference Group_ ,
Megaw J (as he then was) observed thus ([52] _supra_ at 1162–1163):

We accept the view of the law expressed by Warrington J. in _Stancomb_ v.
_Trowbridge Urban Council_ [[1910] 2 Ch 190 at 194]:

“… if a person or a corporation is restrained by injunction from doing a
particular act, that person or corporation commits a breach of the injunction,
and is liable for process for contempt, if he or it in fact does the act, _and
it is no answer to say that the act was not contumacious in the sense that, in
doing it, there was no direct intention to disobey the order_.”

…

Questions as to the bona fides of the persons who are in contempt, and their
reasons, motives and understandings in doing the acts which constitute the
contempt of court, may be highly relevant in _mitigation_ of the contempt.
_Bona fide reliance on legal advice, even though the advice turns out to have
been wrong, may be relevant, and sometimes very important, as mitigation_. The
extent of such mitigation must, however, depend upon the circumstances of the
particular case, and the evidence adduced.

[emphasis added]

54 Indeed, citing _Mileage Conference Group_ itself, Megarry J (as he then
was), in the English High Court decision of _C H Giles & Co Ltd v Morris_
[1972] 1 WLR 307, reiterated (at 319):

I bear in mind that there is authority for the proposition that it is no
defence to proceedings for contempt that the acts or omissions which
constituted the contempt were effected reasonably on legal advice …

55 And Lord Sterndale MR observed, in the English Court of Appeal decision of
_The King v The Council of the Metropolitan Borough of Poplar_ [1922] 1 KB 95,
thus (at 103):

Unless and until the time comes when the law of this country is that a person
may disobey an order of the Court or the laws as much as he likes if he does
it conscientiously the question of motive is immaterial. That is not the law
at present.

56 And, in _Times Newspapers_ _2_ ([1] _supra_), Lord Oliver observed thus (at
217):

The intention with which the act was done will, of course, be of the highest
relevance in the determination of the penalty (if any) to be imposed by the
court, but the liability here is _a strict one in the sense that all that
requires to be proved is service of the order and the subsequent doing by the
party bound of that which is prohibited_. [emphasis added]

57  Indeed, the strictness of law with regard to the issue of _mens rea_ in so
far as a party to a court order is concerned is underscored by the decision of
the English Court of Appeal in _P v P_ ([52] _supra_). In that case, the
alleged contemnor was a husband who suffered from a medical condition that
rendered him deaf and dumb, and with deteriorating eyesight that resulted in
little more than tunnel vision; he did, however, possess an average IQ (see at
898). He was held to have been in breach of an injunction forbidding his
return to the matrimonial home. Butler-Sloss LJ observed thus (at 902):

[A] degree of understanding, which is not total, may in a case be sufficient.
_It is not necessary for members of the public to have a clear understanding
of the finer points of procedure of the law in the case in which they are
parties_. It depends upon the facts. _It is however crucial that a litigant
against whom an order is to be made understands what he must not do, that the
order on a piece of paper tells him he must not do A or B or C and that he
understands that if he disobeys the order he will be in trouble and he may go
to prison._ [emphasis added]

In the same case, Judge LJ (as he then was) stated, in a similar vein, thus
(at 903):

To amount to contempt the disobedience must be wilful or deliberate rather
than accidental and unintentional, and so, consistently with that principle,
contempt cannot be established, for example, against an individual who,
unaware of the existence of the order, acts contrary to its terms. _What,
however, is not required is proof that in committing the prohibited act he
intended to be contumacious or that he was motivated by a desire to defy the
court._ [emphasis added]

58 Finally, Sedley LJ, also in the same case, observed thus (at 904):

What it is necessary that a potential contemnor should understand is that an
order has been made forbidding him to do certain things and that if he does
them he may well be punished. This much, even in his sad condition, the judge
was satisfied the appellant [in the present case] understood.

59 There is, however, at least one decision which suggests a different
approach: see the English Court of Appeal decision of _Irtelli v Squatriti_
[1993] QB 83 (“ _Irtelli_ ”). Standing virtually alone in the midst of the
many other authorities to the contrary (some of which have been cited above),
this particular case has in fact been characterised as “doubtful” in the
leading textbook on the law of contempt (see _Arlidge, Eady & Smith_ ([31]
_supra_ at p 922)). Indeed, this particular work pertinently points out that
since _Irtelli_ was decided, the House of Lords (in _Pioneer Concrete_ ([52]
_supra_)) had expressly endorsed the traditional view embodied in the vast
majority of case law. In the circumstances, the learned authors of _Arlidge,
Eady & Smith_ are of the view (at para 12-92) that “[d]espite the strength of
the court, it is respectfully submitted that the statements in _Irtelli_
should be treated with caution, in so far as they might be thought to express
any principle beyond the facts of that case” (see also _per_ Neuberger J (as
he then was) in the English High Court decision of _Bird v Hadkinson_ [1999]
BPIR 653 at 660, where the learned judge followed _Pioneer Concrete_ instead
of _Irtelli_ ; reference may also be made to the (also) English High Court
decision of _In the Matter of John Katchis_ [2001] ACD 70 at [38]–[39] (“
_Katchis_ ”)).

60 Despite Jacob J’s (as he then was) apparent sympathy with _Irtelli_ in the
English High Court decision of _Adam Phones Ltd v Goldschmidt_ [1999] 4 All ER
486 at 494, we are of the view that the traditional (and strict) approach
should be adopted. This is not merely due to the overwhelming weight of
authority (although that is a fact that ought not to be treated lightly); in
the following words of Lord Wilberforce in _Heatons Transport_ ([52] _supra_
at 109), which we endorse:

The view of Warrington J. [in _Stancomb v Trowbridge Urban District Council_
[1910] 2 Ch 190 (see also above at [53])] has … acquired high authority. _It
is also the reasonable view, because the party in whose favour an order has
been made is entitled to have it enforced, and also the effective
administration of justice normally requires some penalty for disobedience to
an order of a court if the disobedience is more than casual or accidental and
unintentional._ [emphasis added]

61  Besides, if the contempt is a merely technical one, this will, as we have
seen above (at [53]), be taken into account in _mitigation_ of the contempt –
thus ensuring that undue harshness or injustice does not result to the
contemnor.

62 Indeed, it is important to note that the approach we have just endorsed was
in fact adopted by the Singapore High Court in _Summit Holdings_ ([35]
_supra_). In that case, Yong Pung How CJ observed (at [51]) that “[f]or civil
contempt, it was sufficient that the alleged contemnor be proved to have
deliberately done the relevant act”. The learned judge then proceeded to
further observe thus (at [52], and, significantly, citing _Mileage Conference
Group_ ([52] _supra_)):

In my view, motive of disobedience was clearly irrelevant in deciding a case
of contempt. The breaches of the order of court amounted to contempt of court,
even though they were committed on legal advice that they were not breaches …

However, Yong CJ did also agree (at [53]) that:

[T]he bona fides of the persons who were in contempt and their reasons,
motives and understandings in doing the acts which constituted the contempt of
court might be relevant in mitigation of the contempt. Bona fide reliance on
legal advice, even though the advice turned out to be wrong, might be relevant
and important as mitigation, depending on the circumstances.

_Third parties_

63**** In so far as conduct by a third party which results in a real risk of
prejudice to the due administration of justice is concerned (see generally
above at [43]–[44]), there must be _a specific intent_ on the part of the
third party concerned to impede or prejudice the due administration of
justice. As a third party is, _ex hypothesi_ , not privy to the court order
concerned, _mens rea_ must (unlike the situation concerning a direct party to
the court order, considered above) be proved. Indeed, this is reflected in the
Singapore injunction itself (at [17] above).

64 In _Times Newspapers 2_ , Lord Oliver observed as follows ([1] _supra_ at
217–218):

When … the prohibited act is done not by the party bound himself but by a
third party, a stranger to the litigation, that person may also be liable for
contempt. There is, however, this essential distinction that his liability is
for criminal contempt and arises not because the contemnor is himself affected
by the prohibition contained in the order but because his act constitutes a
_wilful interference with the administration of justice_ by the court in the
proceedings in which the order was made. _Here the liability is not strict in
the sense referred to_ [see above at [56]]_, for there has to be shown not
only knowledge of the order but an intention to interfere with or impede the
administration of justice — an intention which can of course be inferred from
the circumstances_. [emphasis added]

65 In a similar vein, in _Sport Newspapers_ , Bingham LJ observed thus ([1]
_supra_ at 1208):

The parties were agreed that the applicant must show that the respondent’s
publication _was specifically intended to impede or prejudice the due
administration of justice. Such an intent need not be expressly avowed or
admitted but can be inferred from all the circumstances, including the
foreseeability of the consequences of the conduct, although the probability of
the consequence taken to have been foreseen must be little short of
overwhelming before it will suffice to establish the necessary intent._ But
this need _not_ be the _sole_ intention of the contemnor, _and intention is to
be distinguished from motive or desire._ [emphasis added]

Reference may also be made to _Newspaper Publishing_ ([1] _supra_ at 374–375
and 383) and _Punch_ ([44] _supra_ at [87]). It bears repeating that whether
or not the requisite _mens rea_ has been established is, as confirmed in the
case law just cited, dependent on the precise facts concerned.

**Our decision**

**_Whether there was an implied undertaking and, if so, whether it had been
breached_**

66**** The obvious legal starting-point is, of course, contained in the
principles and rationale set out in _Riddick_ ([36] _supra_). Indeed, this was
virtually the only point of agreement between counsel for both parties.

67 Counsel for the respondents, Mr Alvin Yeo SC, argued that the letter of 26
January 2005 was given by the appellant to the respondents _voluntarily_ , and
not under legal compulsion pursuant to the Singapore injunction, as the said
letter was given _before_ the appellant was legally obliged to do so.

68 The Judge rejected this argument, finding it to be “pedantic” (see GD at
[18]). In particular, he observed thus (see _id_):

I think the respondents were being overly pedantic in saying that the first
defendant was offering the information in the 26 January 2005 letter
voluntarily because the information was furnished earlier than the time period
ordered by the terms of the injunction. There could be no doubt that the first
defendant would not have offered the information but for the Singapore Mareva
injunction. This was even more so given the fact that the parties had already
been involved in contentious legal proceedings in Hong Kong. A person does not
need to expressly refer to a court order before he could be said to be
complying with it. It is sufficient that there could be no doubt that he did
certain acts which he would not have done if there was no legal compulsion. In
my view, therefore, the 26 January 2005 letter was clearly to comply with the
Singapore Mareva injunction even if it was furnished in advance of the time
period stipulated by the court order. If the first defendant had been tardy in
complying with the court order, its late notification would nevertheless have
come within the ambit of compulsion. The respondents therefore fail in their
contention that the 26 January 2005 letter fell within the principle
enunciated in _Hong Lam Marine_ [[36] _supra_] in that it was voluntary
information given outside the scope of the implied undertaking.

We agree for the following reasons.

69 In the first instance, the funds mentioned in the letter had _already been
transferred_ to the appellant’s bank account in Hong Kong, although they had
not been disbursed yet. In the circumstances, the _duty to account to the_
_first respondent_ had _already arisen_ _or accrued_ , although the appellant
had not yet contravened the time limit stipulated under Exception 2 of the
Singapore injunction yet as it had (as just observed) not actually disbursed
the funds to the specific (and intended) payees yet. It would, presumably,
have had to inform the first respondent once actual disbursements had been
effected. This brings us to a second – and closely related – point. Before
proceeding to consider this particular point, it bears repeating that once the
funds had been transferred to the appellant’s bank account in Hong Kong, _the
appellant was under a duty, pursuant to the terms of the Singapore injunction
itself, to account to the first respondent for the transfer of funds to its
(the appellant’s) bank account in Hong Kong. If it could not, it would have
been in breach of the Singapore injunction and liable to contempt proceedings
before the Singapore court._

70 Secondly, and turning to the time frame under which the letter had been
given from the appellant to the first respondent, even though the appellant
had, as we have noted above, discharged its legal duty somewhat in _advance_
of the stipulated deadline under, as well as pursuant to, the terms of the
Singapore injunction in general and the duty to account to the first
respondent under the terms of Exception 2 in particular, it was clear that the
appellant had only issued the letter because it was _legally obliged or
compelled to do so under the terms of the injunction_. It is true that the
appellant had fulfilled its legal obligations under the Singapore injunction
_in advance_. _However, the fact remains that it was fulfilling its legal
obligations under this injunction all the same. How a law-abiding action such
as this can be construed as being a voluntary act on the part of the appellant
escapes us completely_. Indeed, why would any person – whether an individual
or (as is the case here) a company – ever inform a third party (such as the
first respondent) of its intention to transfer funds out of the jurisdiction
in order to finance its legitimate business costs _without more_? The answer
is clear. We have just mentioned it, but since the respondents made much of
this particular argument, we state it once more: _The reason was because the
appellant was legally compelled to do so under the relevant terms of the
Singapore injunction._ There is – and can be – no other reason. The only “sin”
the appellant committed was to perform its legal obligations _too efficiently
and too dutifully_. As a result, the first respondent was able, through its
Hong Kong solicitors, to _intercept_ the funds concerned, _utilising
information it would never have been privy to, but for_ the _appellant’s_ need
to fulfil its legal obligations under the relevant terms of the Singapore
injunction. In other words, and putting it simply, if we accept the
respondents’ argument, it would entail (in effect) _penalising_ the appellant
for being _efficient and solicitous_ in meeting its legal obligations under
the Singapore injunction. A moment’s reflection would reveal, with respect,
not only the illogicality but also the injustice and unfairness inherent in
the acceptance of such an argument. Indeed, the _further_ consequence of
accepting such an argument would be to allow the first respondent to reap the
fruits of such injustice and unfairness. The Judge was, in our view, being too
polite when he characterised the respondents’ argument in this particular
regard as being merely “pedantic”.

71 As the issuance of the letter from the appellant to the first respondent
was _legally compelled_ (and _not_ voluntary), there therefore arose an
implied undertaking that the first respondent would not utilise the
information contained in the letter for a collateral purpose. We now turn to a
consideration of that particular issue.

72 Mr Yeo naturally argued that the first respondent had not in fact utilised
the information contained in the letter for a collateral purpose. Here, he
relied heavily on the Judge’s decision to the effect that there had been
parallel proceedings in both Singapore and Hong Kong and that, as a result,
the first respondent ought to be given the benefit of the doubt – bearing in
mind that contempt proceedings entailed the criminal standard of proof beyond
a reasonable doubt.

73 With respect, we do not see how the parallel proceedings in the Hong Kong
context could be relevant. The focus in the present proceedings ought, by
their very nature, to be on conduct in relation to the Singapore injunction –
in particular, the conduct of the first respondent with respect to an
injunction which had been granted by the Singapore court. In this regard, it
was clear, in our view, that the first respondent could utilise the
information contained in the letter _only_ for the purposes of ensuring that
the assets frozen pursuant to the Singapore injunction were not dissipated
unlawfully by the appellant. To this end, the first respondent could, for
example, have ensured that what was contained in the letter was true; or, if
it were in doubt, the first respondent ought to have queried the _bona fides_
of the purpose stated in the letter and/or brought the matter before the court
for a ruling. Such conduct would have been directly related to the Singapore
injunction and would not have involved a collateral purpose. _However_ , what
_in fact_ happened in the present proceedings was _quite different_. The
information contained in the letter was, instead, utilised by the first
respondent in order to initiate garnishee proceedings in the Hong Kong court
in relation to the very funds that were stated in the letter. The clear
consequence of such conduct was the undermining – indeed, thwarting – of
Exception 2 of the Singapore injunction. The first respondent had, in other
words, utilised the information contained in the letter for a _wholly
collateral purpose_ that was _wholly unrelated_ to the _raison d’étre_ of the
Singapore injunction in general and Exception 2 in particular. Indeed, as we
have just observed, the first respondent’s conduct had, on the _contrary_ , in
fact _undermined_ the entire basis underlying _Exception 2_.

74 In the circumstances, we cannot but arrive at the conclusion that there had
been a clear contempt of court by the first respondent, which had been proved
to have taken place beyond a reasonable doubt.

75 However, in so far as the second and third respondents are concerned, the
legal principles are somewhat different (see generally [63]–[65] above). It
would, in the circumstances, be apposite to deal with the situations _vis-à-
vis_ these respective parties separately.

76 Indeed, there was – plainly and simply – a clear thwarting or frustration,
by the first respondent, of the Singapore injunction in general and Exception
2 thereof in particular, _without more_. Mr Yeo sought to link this particular
issue (_viz_ , that of an alleged breach of the implied undertaking) to the
thwarting of the operation of the Singapore injunction in general and
Exception 2 thereof in particular.

77 We do _not_ think that, whilst _factually_ related, both are _necessarily_
related from a _legal_ perspective. In particular, it is clear that,
irrespective of whether or not there was an implied undertaking, there could
still, in principle, be contempt of court if the party concerned was in breach
of a court order (see, for example, _Summit Holdings_ ([35] _supra_ at [45]),
as well as Mark S W Hoyle, _Freezing and Search Orders_ (Informa, 4th Ed,
2006) (“ _Hoyle_ ”) at paras 9.1 and 9.20). Everything depends on the
particular factual matrix concerned. In the present circumstances, we have
found that there has been a breach of the implied undertaking by the first
respondent and we now turn to consider whether there has also been contempt in
so far as Exception 2 of the Singapore injunction is concerned.

**_Whether the respondents had thwarted the operation of Exception 2 of the
Singapore injunction_**

_The position of the first respondent_

78**** It is clear, in our view, that the first respondent is liable for a
contempt of court in this particular respect as well. We pause to observe that
as the first respondent is a direct party to the Singapore injunction, it is
unnecessary (in accordance with the relevant legal principles set out above at
[51]–[62]) for the appellant to establish that the first respondent had in
fact a direct intention to disobey the court order by thwarting the operation
of Exception 2 of the Singapore injunction. Nor is the fact that the
information concerned was given to the first respondent voluntarily relevant
(although we have found that there had been no voluntariness on the facts in
any event). In other words, it is only necessary to prove that the first
respondent’s conduct was intentional inasmuch as it knew all the facts which
made its conduct a breach of the order and nevertheless proceeded with such
conduct. However, it is unnecessary to prove that the first respondent
appreciated that it was breaching the order. It seems to us, though, that,
given the commercial acumen of the first respondent itself, it is quite likely
that it in fact appreciated that it was breaching the order. However, it is
also possible – although the point was only implicit at best – that the first
respondent might have thought (in possible consultation with the second
respondent) that it was lawfully entitled to act the way it did. This
possibility does not, nevertheless, seem to us to be that persuasive in the
light of the fact that the information in the letter of 26 January 2005 was in
fact passed _by the first respondent_ to the second respondent _via_ its (the
first respondent’s) Singapore solicitors. Be that as it may, it is, in the
light of the relevant legal principles just referred to, unnecessary for us to
decide on the question as to whether or not the first respondent actually
intended to breach the order concerned. It is clear, in our view, that the
first respondent was fully aware not only of the existence of the order and
its terms but also knew precisely what it was doing.

79 In any event, even if the first respondent thought that it was justified in
proceeding with the Hong Kong proceedings (_via_ the second respondent), this
was impermissible – a point which we deal with in more detail below (at
[81]–[83]).

_The position of the second respondent_

80 We turn next to consider the legal position with regard to the second
respondent who, it will be recalled, was the Hong Kong solicitor in charge of
the matter, and who in fact was responsible for initiating the garnishee
proceedings in Hong Kong itself. He was in possession of all the relevant
facts in general surrounding the grant as well as the terms of the Singapore
injunction in general and the letter of 26 January 2005 in particular. Mr Yeo
did not, correctly in our view, seek to argue otherwise, especially in the
light of the second respondent’s own affidavit.

81 The second respondent might well have thought that the utilisation of the
information contained in the letter of 26 January 2005 to initiate the
garnishee proceedings in Hong Kong was justified. However, if so, we find it
rather surprising that he did not at least realise that by engaging in such
conduct, he (and the first respondent) would simultaneously be acting in
direct opposition to the terms of the Singapore injunction in general and
Exception 2 therein in particular. Any reasonable lawyer in the position of
the second respondent ought to have realised that there was at least a
potential legal difficulty in respect of his actions that might even
constitute an act in contempt of court (_cf_ also _Punch_ ([44] _supra_ at
[52])). Besides, a Mareva injunction does _not_ create a security right over
the assets concerned (see, for example, the English High Court decision of
_Boeing Capital Corporation v Wells Fargo Bank Northwest_ [2003] EWHC 1364
(Comm) at [14] as well as _Polly Peck (No 2)_ ([21] _supra_ at 782 and 785)).
What, therefore, the second respondent ought to have done was to have advised
the first respondent that it ought to apply to the Singapore court to clarify
the position and thereby receive the necessary permission to do what it did
(even if they both subjectively believed that initiating the abovementioned
proceedings in Hong Kong was justified). In this regard, the following
observations by Richards J in _Katchis_ ([59] _supra_ at [36]) which, whilst
delivered in a somewhat different fact situation, underscore the general
spirit of the point which we have just made:

The existence of an agreement, in principle, of that kind [which envisaged the
variation of the order to permit the act that was done] plainly does not
justify the doing of an act in breach of the existing order. It is incumbent
on a person in the position of the Respondent [the alleged contemnor] to wait
until the order has been varied rather than to flout the existing order in
anticipation, even expectation, of the future variation.

82 The following observations in a leading textbook are also apposite (see
_Hoyle_ ([77] _supra_ at para 9.17):

It is no defence to contempt proceedings to allege that the order should not
have been made, or has been discharged. An order of the court must be obeyed
while it stands, and a breach is still contempt even if, at a later stage, the
order is in fact discharged. _The same principle applies if the original order
was wrongly made; the defendant’s remedy is to apply for its immediate
discharge while keeping to its terms._ [emphasis added]

Reference may also be made to the English Court of Appeal decision of
_Hadkinson v Hadkinson_ [1952] P 285, especially at 288, as well as the Privy
Council decision (on appeal from the Court of Appeal of Saint Vincent and the
Grenadines) of _Grafton Isaacs v Emery Robertson_ [1985] AC 97.

83 Even more to the point, perhaps, are the following observations by Moore-
Bick J (as he then was) in the English High Court decision of _Nokia France SA
v Interstone Trading Limited_ [2004] EWHC 272 (Comm) at [54]:

The terms of the order in the present case follow the standard form for a
worldwide freezing injunction to be found in Appendix 5 to the Admiralty &
Commercial Courts Guide. Paragraph 5 prohibits the respondent from dealing
with or disposing of his assets up to the stated value; the effect of the
order is further clarified by paragraphs 6 and 8. Paragraph 11(2), however,
states that the order does not prohibit the respondent from dealing with or
disposing of his assets in the ordinary and proper course of business. Despite
the fact that this comes under the heading “Exceptions to this Order”, I do
not think that the respondent bears the burden of proving that a payment which
is said to have been made in contravention of the order was in fact made in
the ordinary course of business. Paragraph 11(2) is worded in unqualified
terms and makes it clear that payments in the ordinary course of business fall
outside the terms of the order altogether. In my view a person should not be
held in contempt of court unless the case against him is properly established.
If the applicant alleges that the respondent is in breach of the order in a
way that renders him liable to punishment by imprisonment, it is for him to
establish that breach in every essential respect. It does not follow, however,
that the respondent can sit back and do nothing. Once the applicant has put
before the court credible evidence that a payment was not made in the ordinary
course of business the court may well be willing to make a finding to that
effect against the respondent if he has failed to put forward any
justification supported, where appropriate, by appropriate evidence.

In other words, and as already mentioned above, the first and second
respondents could – in accordance with the principles embodied in the above
quotation – have challenged the appellant’s proposed utilisation of the funds
mentioned in its letter of 26 January 2005. They did not. It must therefore be
assumed that these funds _were_ , indeed, to be properly utilised pursuant to
Exception 2 of the Singapore injunction.

84 In the circumstances, there can, in our view, be no doubt that the second
respondent is also liable for the contempt of court inasmuch as he had aided
and abetted the first respondent’s thwarting or frustration of Exception 2 of
the Singapore injunction. It is clear, from the circumstances set out above,
that the respondent not only had knowledge of the court order but also had the
requisite intention to aid and abet the first respondent in its thwarting or
frustration of Exception 2. For the same reasons, we also find that the second
respondent had, simultaneously, aided and abetted the first respondent’s
breach of the implied undertaking which was owed by the latter to the
appellant.

85 We also find that the second respondent was liable in contempt under the
_second_ category discussed above (at [43]–[44]). By aiding and abetting the
first respondent in its thwarting of Exception 2 of the Singapore injunction
as well as in its breach of the implied undertaking owed to the court, the
second respondent ought also to be considered as having simultaneously impeded
or prejudiced the due administration of justice. As we have seen (at [48]–[50]
above), there is, to this extent, an overlap between the first and second
categories of possible contempt by third parties. However, the second category
could also cover situations where the third party could not be said, on the
facts, to have aided and abetted the third party but had, nevertheless,
intended to (and in fact did) impede or prejudice the due administration of
justice by the court. In our view, the strongest case that the second
respondent can raise is that there were at least some legal doubts. However,
as we have already emphasised above, this is no excuse for proceeding with
what (on the part of the first respondent) was a probable breach of both the
implied undertaking as well as the thwarting of Exception 2 of the Singapore
injunction, when a simple application to the Singapore court would have served
to clarify the situation and, consequently, prevented what in fact has turned
out to be a contempt of court on both the aforementioned counts. Nevertheless,
the factor just mentioned would be relevant when we come to the issue as to
the appropriate sanction to be imposed on the second respondent.

_The position of the third respondent_

86 We turn, finally, to the legal position with regard to the third
respondent, which is the firm of solicitors of whom the second respondent was
partner. In our view, the third respondent is _not_ in contempt of court. Mr
Yeo sought to argue that it could not as there was no vicarious liability for
the acts of the second respondent. With respect, the argument from vicarious
liability is a legal red herring as we do not think that it is relevant. In
the special context of contempt proceedings, the requisite _knowledge_ on the
part of the alleged contemnor needs to be established. In our view, _this_ was
the nub of the case in so far as the third respondent was concerned. Looked at
in this light, it is our view that it could _not_ be said that the third
respondent did possess the requisite knowledge and we therefore do _not_ find
that it is in contempt of court.

**The appropriate sanction**

87**** Having, with respect, differed from the Judge with regard to the issue
as to whether or not the first and second respondents were in contempt of
court, we come now to the appropriate sanction to be imposed upon the parties
concerned (here, the first and second respondents).

88 We find no real mitigating circumstances with regard to the first
respondent (with the exception of one factor, which we take into account below
(at [92])). It was a direct party to the substantive proceedings and yet
initiated as well as sanctioned a breach of an implied undertaking as well as
a blatant thwarting of a Singapore court order. Indeed, as Edmund Davies LJ
(as he then was) put it in _Jennison v Baker_ ([24] _supra_ at 66):

If the orders of court can deliberately be set at nought by a litigant
employing for her own personal advantage such means as were here resorted to,
and if indeed it be the case that she has to go unpunished for her contumacy,
justice vanishes over the horizon and the law is brought into disrepute.

89 The situation here is, in fact, not unlike that which obtained in the
English Court of Appeal decision of _Mid Bedfordshire District Council v
Brown_ [2005] 1 WLR 1460 (“ _Mid Bedfordshire District Council_ ”), where
Mummery LJ, delivering the judgment of the court, stressed (at [25]):

[T]he vital role of the court in upholding the important principle that the
orders of the court are meant to be obeyed and not to be ignored with
impunity. The order itself indicated to the defendants the correct way in
which to challenge the injunction. It contained an express provision giving
the defendants liberty to apply, on prior notice, to discharge or modify the
order. The proper course for the defendants to take, if they wished to
challenge the order, was to apply to the court to discharge or vary it. If
that failed, the proper course was to seek to appeal. Instead of even
attempting to follow the correct procedure, the defendants decided to press on
as originally planned and as if no court order had ever been made. They cocked
a snook at the court. They did so in order to steal a march on the council and
to achieve the very state of affairs which the order was designed to prevent.
No explanation or apology for the breaches of the court order was offered to
the judge or to this court.

90 The first respondent was clearly attempting to (and, ultimately, did)
utilise information obtained from the appellant pursuant to the latter’s
compliance with the terms of Exception 2 of the Singapore injunction in order
to steal a march on the appellant by way of the garnishee proceedings in Hong
Kong. It bears repeating that it was, in fact, the first respondent itself who
had initiated the entire train of events in the first instance.

91 Indeed, and returning to _Mid Bedfordshire District Council_ , we are of
the view that the following observations in that decision ([89] _supra_ at
[26]–[27]) are especially apposite:

This [suspending an injunction and thus allowing the defendants to continue to
be in defiance of a court order properly served and explained to them] would
send out the wrong signal, both to others tempted to do the same and to law-
abiding members of the public. The message would be that the court is prepared
to tolerate contempt of its orders and to permit those who break them to
profit from their contempt.

The effect of that message would be to diminish respect for court orders, to
undermine the authority of the court and to subvert the rule of law. In our
judgment, those overarching public interest considerations far outweigh the
factors which favour a suspension of the injunction so as to allow the
defendants to keep their caravans on the land and to continue to reside there
in breach of planning control.

92 However, we do take into account the fact that the first respondent may
also have been acting on the advice of the second respondent. In the
circumstances, therefore, we impose a fine of $5,000 on the first respondent.

93 We reject Mr Yeo’s argument to the effect that the second respondent did
not intend to aid and abet the first respondent in thwarting Exception 2 of
the Singapore injunction. We find it hard to believe that he could, as a
trained as well as experienced legal professional, have been oblivious to the
fact that, in initiating the garnishee proceedings on behalf of the first
respondent in Hong Kong, he was aiding and abetting the thwarting of the clear
terms of Exception 2 itself, as well as aiding and abetting a breach of the
implied undertaking owed by the first respondent to the court under the
principles in _Riddick_ (set out at [36] above). Even if he did not
subjectively know of these legal consequences at the material time, he ought,
as a reasonable lawyer, to have checked. This is a classic instance of
“Nelsonian blindness”. It has been argued before us that the second respondent
was merely seeking to vindicate the first respondent’s legal rights _via_ the
garnishee proceedings in Hong Kong. That may well have been his intention. But
this does not, as we have been at pains to emphasise, justify the _disregard_
of a _Singapore_ court order in the process. As Lord Woolf MR, delivering the
judgment of the English Court of Appeal in _Nicholls v Nicholls_ [1997] 1 WLR
314, observed (at 326):

Today it is no longer appropriate to regard an order for committal as being no
more than a form of execution available to another party against an alleged
contemnor. The court itself has a very substantial interest in seeing that its
orders are upheld.

94 Nevertheless, as we have also been at pains to emphasise, this concern by
the court is not rooted in any concern for the court’s own dignity as such
but, rather, it is to ensure that the administration of justice is not
undermined (see generally at [22]–[23] above). It is imperative that the
legitimacy of the law – especially in the eyes of the public – not be
diminished and brought into disrepute.

95 Taking into account all the mitigating factors that we could possibly
muster on behalf of the second respondent, we find it appropriate to impose a
fine of $5,000 on him.

96  In the circumstances, we also order that the appellant be entitled to the
costs of the proceedings against the first and second respondents both here
and below. The third respondent is entitled to the costs of the appeal only as
it did not appeal against the costs order made by the Judge in the proceedings
below.

**Concluding observations**

97 Before concluding, it is eminently appropriate to note that what is most
alarming, in our view, is that what transpired in the present proceedings
might, if left unchecked, well be replicated not only in Singapore but in
other jurisdictions as well – with the precedent in these proceedings being
cited and used in the process. Such a possibility is to be assiduously
avoided. The Mareva injunction is an important remedy, whose terms cannot –
and ought not to – be thwarted. It would be easily set at naught if conduct
such as that which occurred in the present proceedings were permitted. More
importantly, such conduct would, as alluded to above, also herald the
commencement of possible legal anarchy across jurisdictions. Respect for court
orders in any and every jurisdiction is a given. Any contravention of such
orders cannot be excused on the ground that it was effected in aid of possibly
legitimate legal proceedings elsewhere. Indeed, such contravention could _not_
, in our view, be excused even on the ground that it was effected in _clearly_
legitimate legal proceedings elsewhere. How the courts in other jurisdictions
decide on legal proceedings as well as issues brought before them is wholly
within their purview. What is within _this_ court’s purview, however, is the
need to ensure that _its_ orders are _not_ contravened or thwarted. We cannot
overemphasise the importance of this fundamental proposition, and trust that
nothing akin to the conduct in the present proceedings will ever come before
this court again. If, in the unfortunate event it does, more stringent
sanctions will be meted out accordingly.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 01 Mar 2007 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

