Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Ong Chay Tong & Sons (Pte) Ltd v Ong Hoo Eng and Another  
[2007] SGHC 182

Case Number | : | OS 180/2007  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 19 October 2007  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Kan Ting Chiu J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Lee Eng Beng and Ryan Loh (Rajah & Tann) for the plaintiff; Albert Teo (PKWA Law Practive LLC) for the first defendant   
Parties | : |  Ong Chay Tong & Sons (Pte) Ltd — Ong Hoo Eng; Ong Kay Eng   
  
Land – Caveats – Wrongful lodgment – Caveator having right of first refusal
pursuant to directors' resolution – Terms of directors' resolution
subsequently varied – Whether caveator still having caveatable interest when
it lodged caveat  
  

19 October 2007 |  Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Kan Ting Chiu J

1 This action is, on its face, a dispute over whether a caveat lodged in the
Registry of Land Titles against a property under s 115 of the Land Titles Act
(Cap 157, 2004 Rev Ed) (“LTA”) should remain on the land register. The real
cause of the dispute was disharmony between the children of the two wives of a
patriarch.

Background

2 The patriarch was the late Ong Chay Tong (“OCT”), a businessman who died on
15 August 1993, leaving two widows and six sons, five from the first wife and
one (the first defendant) from the second wife.

3 The plaintiff company, Ong Chay Tong & Sons (Pte) Ltd is a family company
incorporated on 9 March 1976 primarily to hold a residential development at 17
Nallur Road Singapore known as “Ong Mansions”, which comprised eight flats.

4 On 4 January 1979, the directors of the plaintiff company passed a
resolution (“the first resolution”) that the company was to sell six of the
flats to each of OCT’s sons at $100,000 each with the condition that “The
buyers of the flats are not allowed to resell the flats to any other persons
except to the Company at the same purchase price.” When this resolution was
passed, the first defendant was not a director of the plaintiff company; he
only became a director after OCT’s death.

5 Six agreements for the sale and purchase of the flats between the plaintiff
company and each of the purchasers/sons were subsequently executed on 26 March
1982, and they each contained the same Special Condition 3 that:

In compliance with the Vendor’s directors’ resolution dated 4th day of January
1979, the Purchaser undertakes and covenants that he shall not sell transfer
or otherwise dispose off [sic] or part with possession of the said Flat or any
part thereof except to the Vendor at Dollars One Hundred Thousand
($100,000.00).

6 The first resolution and the agreements for sale and purchase were made in
the lifetime of OCT. After OCT’s death, the directors of the plaintiff company
decided to alter the resolution to free the purchasers from having to resell
the flat to the company. The alteration was made in a resolution (“the second
resolution”) passed in a directors’ meeting of the plaintiff company on 7 May
1998 and recorded in the minutes of the directors’ meeting:

_17A, 17B, 17C, 17D, 17E And 17F Nullur Road_

Mr Ong Choo Eng said that he would like to discuss the Directors’ Resolution
passed on 4th January 1979 wherein it stated, inter alia, that [the six sons
of OCT], each a buyer of the flat at 17A, 17B, 17C, 17D, 17E and 17F Nullur
Road (now known as 17 Nallur Road #03-01, #03-02, #04-01, #04-02, #05-01 and
#05-02), Singapore, respectively, is not allowed to resell his flat to any
other person except to the Company at the same purchase price of S$100,000/-.

The meeting agreed unanimously that it may not be the intention of the late
Ong Chay Tong at that time to restrict the holder of each flat to only the
generation of his sons without consideration for future generations of male
lineal descendants bearing the surname of “Ong”. Neither was it each buyer’s
intention. They also agreed unanimously that each of them would like his flat
to be sold or transferred or leased to only his own lineal descendant(s)
bearing the surname of “Ong”. Accordingly, it was unanimously resolved:

“That the terms and conditions (a) and (b) as set out in the Directors’
Resolution dated 4 January 1979 in respect of the 6 units of flats at 17
Nallur Road, Singapore, be deleted and substituted with the following terms
and conditions:

(a) Each of [the six sons of OCT] (“the “Ongs”) being the first buyer or
individual owner of an apartment unit or flat at 17 Nallur Road, Singapore, is
allowed to dispose of, transfer or lease his flat to only his own lineal
descendants bearing the surname of “Ong” (the “Descendant Ongs”), and each of
the Ongs and each of his Descendant Ongs shall procure that the transferee(s)
of his flat shall execute the same undertaking; and

(b) Having regard to the following:

(i) that it is the intention of the late Ong Chay Tong to confine or restrict
membership of the Company to only male lineal descendants of Ong Chay Tong
bearing the surname of “Ong” (including legally adopted sons) as reflected
under Clause of the Memorandum of Association of the Company; and

(ii) that the Company was established by the late Ong Chay Tong in 1976 for
the purpose of holding the whole of the land and premises at 17 Nallur Road,
Singapore (the “Property”) and that each flat in the Property was transferred
by the Company to each of the Ongs for goodwill purposes of providing a roof
and home for each of the Ongs and not for monetary gain or commercial
purposes.

in the event that if any owner or transferee of the flats breaches or is
unable to fulfil condition (a) above for whatever reason, the Company shall
have the irrevocable right to repossess the relevant flat at the original book
cost entry of S$100,000/-

The first defendant had become a director of the plaintiff company at that
time. Although he did not give his support to the proposal, he was aware of
the second resolution and did not object to it or challenge its effect.

7 According to the first defendant, the relationship between him and his
mother, and his half-brothers, which was not good during OCT’s lifetime,
deteriorated after OCT’s death. Eventually, he and his mother sold their
shares in the company to his half-brothers in June 2006, and he resigned as a
director of the company.

8 After the first defendant had left the company, the plaintiff company passed
another resolution (“the third resolution”) on 14 August 2006:

(1) that the resolution passed at the Directors’ Meeting held on 7 May 1998
relating to the amendments of terms and conditions (a) and (b) of the First
Directors’ Resolution be hereby rescinded with immediate effect and

(2) Each of the Caveats, a draft copy of which is annexed hereto … be and is
hereby approved and that … the solicitors acting for the Company be instructed
… to complete, lodge and register the Caveats with the Singapore Land
Authority.

9 Pursuant to this resolution, a caveat was lodged by the plaintiff company
against the first defendant’s flat on the same day, i.e. 14 August 2006. The
plaintiff company claimed an interest or estate in the flat as purchaser,
citing as the consideration:

An undertaking by the Registered Proprietor pursuant to a Sale and Purchase
Agreement dated 26th March 1982, not to sell, transfer or otherwise dispose or
part with possession of the within land, except only to the Caveator at the
price of S$100,000.00.

stating the grounds of claim as:

an undertaking by the Registered Proprietor pursuant to a Sale and Purchase
Agreement dated 26 March 1982, not to sell, transfer or otherwise dispose or
part with possession of the within land, except only to the Caveator at the
price of S$100,000.00

and seeking the prohibition of the registration of any instrument without the
plaintiff company’s consent.

10 The caveat created a dilemma for the Registrar of Titles, with the
plaintiff company asserting that it was entitled to lodge the caveat, and the
first defendant taking the contrary position. The Registrar decided that the
parties should refer the matter to court for a determination, and this led the
plaintiff company to file the present originating summons for an order that
the caveat be allowed to remain on the land-register. (A similar application
in respect of another flat sold to the second defendant was settled between
the parties).

My decision

11 The starting point is whether Special Condition 3 created an interest that
can be protected by a caveat, or in short, a caveatable interest. The interest
created by the condition is a right of first refusal. The plaintiff company
has no absolute right to buy the flat from the first defendant. It only
obliged the first defendant to offer the flat to the plaintiff company at the
agreed price if and when he decides to sell it.

12 There was until lately no clear pronouncement whether such an interest is a
caveatable interest. However, the position has been made clear by Andrew Phang
Boon Leong J (as he then was) in _Ho Seek Yueng Novel and another v J & V_
_Development Pte Ltd_ [2006] 2 SLR 742, where he held that a right of first
refusal is an interest in land for the purpose of lodging a caveat under the
LTA.

13 The question is then whether the plaintiff company had a right of first
refusal when it lodged the caveat. The right incorporated in Special Condition
3 was expressly stated to be created in compliance of the first resolution.
That resolution, however, was superceded by the second resolution which
expressly stated that the terms and conditions set out in the first resolution
were to be deleted and substituted with a new condition that each flat could
be sold to the proprietor’s own lineal descendants with the “Ong” surname.

14 What is the effect of the second resolution? On its face, it was a
resolution passed by the company’s board of directors for the conduct of the
company’s affairs, specifically, its right to re-purchase the flats. The
resolution was not only an act of the directors, it was an act of the company.
_Walter Woon on Company Law_ (3rd Ed Sweet & Maxwell Asia 2005) states at p 80
that a resolution of the board of directors of a company acting within its
sphere of competence may be taken to be the company’s decision.

15 This point was made with greater clarity by the Court of Appeal in _Gabriel
Peter & Partners (suing as a firm) v Wee Chong Jin & Ors_ [1998] 1 SLR 374 at
[25] and [27]:

25 It is a fundamental concept in company law that the company acts through
its organs. The two organs of the company are the board of directors and the
members of the company in general meeting. The acts of the two organs are
deemed to be acts by the company itself. The decisions of the members are
expressed through resolutions passed in general meeting. Similarly, decisions
of the board of directors are reflected in the resolutions of the board. A
board resolution is passed by a simple majority of the directors present at
the board meeting. Another basic concept is the separation of the company’s
powers between the two organs. Generally, the managerial powers are vested in
the board. The memorandum and articles of association can, of course,
expressly provide for managerial decisions to be made by the general meeting
instead. When the organs of the company act within their scope of powers, they
act as the company, not just on behalf of the company. There is no question of
agency involved. Their acts are the acts of the company.

27 … a resolution passed by the board, acting within its sphere of competence,
should be taken as the company’s decision. Decisions of the board are made by
the passing of resolutions. These resolutions in turn form the basis of the
validity of any acts by the board in furtherance of the intentions reflected
in the resolutions. The acts of the board are the acts of the company, if
carried out within the board’s constituent power. As an organ of the company,
it is a logical conclusion that any resolution of the board is a decision of
the company. Thus, in furtherance of a resolution of the board to that effect,
the acts of the board of directors will be acts of the company. …

16 There was no issue that the plaintiff’s directors were acting within their
powers when they passed the first and second resolutions. Once the validity
and effect of the second resolution are acknowledged, the plaintiff company
cannot be said to have retained its right of first refusal after the passage
of the second resolution, and any caveatable interest it had was extinguished
when the interest was renounced.

17 Following from that, the grounds of claim asserted by the plaintiff company
in support of the caveat were unmeritorious, and even mischievous and
misleading, because the right of first refusal was abandoned since 7 May 1998
with the passage of the second resolution.

18 I use “mischievous and misleading” advisedly because the caveat and the
third resolution were dated the same day, 14 August 2006. The plaintiff
company must have realised that the right of first refusal had been
extinguished by the second resolution and it had to be reinstated to support
the interest that the plaintiff company claimed to have in the flat. By
referring only to the right conferred in the agreement of sale and purchase,
and making no mention of the second resolution, or the attempted resurrection
of the right of first refusal by the third resolution, serious questions arise
whether the plaintiff company had made proper disclosures, or had acted in
good faith. On the basis of the foregoing, I dismiss the plaintiff company’s
application with costs to the first defendant.

19 For the sake of completeness, I should say something about the third
resolution which the plaintiff company may consider, if and when it decides
whether to file another caveat with reference to that resolution. That
resolution cannot revive any right it had that has been given up in exchange
for the substitute restriction set out in the second resolution. When the
third resolution was passed, the first defendant was neither a shareholder nor
a director of the plaintiff company, and he was not involved with that
resolution. The plaintiff company and its directors do not have the right to
impose any undertaking on him without his consent any more than they can
resolve to retract the offer to sell the flat to him in 1979 or rescind the
sale. This does not mean the third resolution is entirely of no effect. It was
probably passed _intra vires_ of the directors’ powers, and any of the
purchasers who elects to accept it may rely on it, but it cannot apply against
the first defendant or any other purchaser who has not agreed to it.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 19 Oct 2007 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

