Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Liew Chui Fong (mw) v Yew Kok Chin  
[2007] SGHC 225

Case Number | : | DT 4789/2004  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 27 December 2007  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Tan Lee Meng J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Fong Weng Khai (W K Fong & Co) for the appellant/petitioner; Lisa Sam (Lisa Sam & Co) for the respondent/respondent   
Parties | : |  Liew Chui Fong (mw) — Yew Kok Chin   
  
27 December 2007 |   
---|---  
  
Tan Lee Meng J:

1 This judgment concerns the division of the matrimonial assets of the
petitioner, Mdm Liew Chui Fong (“Mdm Liew”), and the respondent, Mr Yew Kok
Chin, as well as the maintenance payable by Mr Yew to Mdm Liew. I ordered that
the matrimonial assets be divided on the basis of 60% for Mr Yew and 40% for
Mdm Liew. I also ordered that Mr Yew pay a monthly maintenance of $700 to Mdm
Liew.

2 Mdm Liew and Mr Yew, who were married on 29 March 1977, were divorced in
2005. They have two children, one aged 29 and the other aged 19.

3 As is often the case with disputes over division of matrimonial assets,
lengthy affidavits were filed by both parties and innumerable accusations were
hurled by them against each other.

4 The properties acquired by the parties during their marriage included the
following:

(i) their matrimonial home at Hilltops at Cairnhill, which was sold in an _en
bloc_ sale for $2.8m, the bulk of which has been distributed to both parties;

(ii) an apartment in Newton View, which has been fully paid for;

(iii) a shop unit in China;

(iv) an office unit in China; and

(v) a half-share of a property in Brisbane, Australia, which was sold in 2005.
The sale proceeds are listed in Mr Yew’s list of assets for the purpose of
distribution of matrimonial assets.

5 When dealing with the division of matrimonial property, reference must first
be made to s 112(1) of the Women’s Charter (Cap 353, 1997 Rev Ed), which
provides as follows:

The court shall have power, when granting or subsequent to the grant of a
judgment of divorce … to order the division between the parties of any
matrimonial asset or the sale of any such asset and the division between the
parties of the proceeds of the sale of any such asset in such proportions as
the court thinks just and equitable.

6 Reference must also be made to s 112(2) of the Women’s Charter, which
provides as follows:

It shall be the duty of the court in deciding whether to exercise its powers
under subsection (1) and, if so, in what manner, to have regard to all the
circumstances of the case, including the following matters:

(a) the extent of the contributions made by each party in money, property or
work towards acquiring, improving or maintaining the matrimonial assets; …

(d) the extent of the contributions made by each party to the welfare of the
family, including looking after the home, or caring for the family or any aged
or infirm relative or dependent of either party; …

(g) the giving of assistance or support by one party to the other party
(whether or not of a material kind), including the giving of assistance or
support which aids the other party in the carrying on of his or her occupation
or business .

7 The effect of s 112 of the Women’s Charter has been considered in
innumerable cases. In _Lim Choon Lai v Chew Kim Heng_ [2001] 3 SLR 225 (“ _Lim
Choon Lai_ ”), the Court of Appeal pointed out that the process of dividing
matrimonial assets is not an exact science and each judge will have his own
view as to what would be a just and equitable division of the parties’
matrimonial assets in any given case. L P Thean JA, who delivered the judgment
of the court, stated at [14] as follows:

In determining a “just and equitable” division of matrimonial assets under s
112(1) of the Women’s Charter, the court must, as directed by s 112(2), have
regard to all the relevant circumstances of the case at hand, and in
particular the matters enumerated in that subsection, in so far as they are
applicable, and on that basis determine what a “just and equitable” division
should be. The matters enumerated there comprise both financial and non-
financial contributions made by the parties. Where financial contributions are
concerned, the court must, of course, take into account the sums contributed
by each party; these are the matters specifically mentioned in paras (a) and
(b) of s 112(2). However, this does not mean that the court should engage in a
meticulous investigation and take an account of every minute sum each party
has paid or incurred in the acquisition of the matrimonial assets …. As for
the non-financial contributions, they also play an important role, and
depending on the circumstances of the case, they can be just as important. _At
the end of the day, taking into account both the financial and non-financial
contributions, the court would adopt a broad-brush approach to the issue and
make a determination on the basis of what the court considers as a “just and
equitable” division._

[emphasis added]

8 Mdm Liew was a typist in Singapore Airlines and her starting salary was only
$190 per month. At that time, Mr Yew was earning a monthly salary of $2,000.
Although Mdm Liew worked in SIA for 27 years until she retired in January
2003, she never earned a salary that was as high as that of Mr Yew, who
explained in his affidavit filed on 28 June 2006 at [4] as follows:

Of course as time passed, both our income[s] increased but as she was employed
as a clerk, her annual increments only amounted to $15.00 per annum for the
first few years. In contrast, as an executive employee with Castrol Oil, a
multinational oil company, my wages were much higher and my annual increments
ranged from $150.00 to $400.00 per annum.

9 Although Mdm Liew also claimed to have purchased some Singapore Airlines
shares that had been offered to her at a discount when she was an employee of
the airline, Mr Yew denied that she was able to pay for the shares with her
own money. In any case, the amount that could have been realised from the sale
of these shares pales by comparison to the parties’ investments in the
property market.

10 Mdm Liew lay claim to 70% of the matrimonial assets without justifying why
she should be entitled to such a large share of the said assets. Her case was
that she should be given 70% to the matrimonial assets in view of the length
of the marriage and her direct and indirect contributions. Bearing in mind Mdm
Liew’s low salary as compared to that of her husband and after taking into
account her non-financial contribution in looking after the family, a task
which was shared with Mr Yew as they were both working parents for a long
time, an award of 40% of the matrimonial property to Mdm Liew is, in view of
the broad-brush approach endorsed by the Court of Appeal in _Lim Choon Lai_
([7] supra), not unfair to her.

Maintenance

11 As for maintenance, s 114(1) of the Women’s Charter provides as follows:

In determining the amount of any maintenance to be paid by a man to his wife
or former wife, the court shall have regard to all the circumstances of the
case including the following matters:

(a) the income, earning capacity, property and other financial resources which
each of the parties to the marriage has or is likely to have in the
foreseeable future:

(b) the financial needs, obligations and responsibilities which each of the
parties to the marriage has or is likely to have in the foreseeable future;

(c) the standard of living enjoyed by the family before the breakdown of the
marriage;

(d) the age of each party to the marriage and the duration of the marriage;

(e) any physical or mental disability of either of the parties to the
marriage;

(f) the contributions made by each of the parties to the welfare of the
family, including any contribution made by looking after the home or caring
for the family.

12 It must first be noted that Mr Yew is unemployed and is in ill health. He
is diabetic, has high blood pressure and is already blind in the left eye. In
his report on 1 April 2006, Assoc Prof Au Yong Kah Guan, a consultant
ophthalmologist, certified that apart from being blind in his left eye, Mr Yew
has wet myopic macular degeneration in his right eye. Another eye specialist,
Dr Gerard Chuah, stated in a report dated 9 December 2005 that in view of his
eye condition, it is highly likely that Mr Yew will require prolonged and
life-long follow-ups and may require multiple treatments of laser. In view of
his health problems, Mr Yew is clearly unable to work.

13 Apart from Mr Yew’s ill health and inability to work, it is pertinent to
note that in _Lee Yong Chuan Edwin v Tan Soan Lian_ [2001] 1 SLR 377, the
Court of Appeal accepted that for the purpose of determining the question of
maintenance, the division of the matrimonial assets and the financial
resources that the parties have or are likely to have in the foreseeable
future may be taken into account. In the present case, with the _en bloc_ sale
of the matrimonial home at Hilltops, Cairnhill, Mdm Liew already has in her
hands quite a tidy sum. The parties’ Newton apartment, which has been fully
paid for, has appreciated in value considerably in the present property market
and there are other matrimonial properties. In short, the fact that Mdm Liew
has been awarded 40% of the matrimonial assets cannot be overlooked when
considering the question of maintenance. In these circumstances and in view of
Mr Yew’s unemployment and ill health, Mdm Liew’s suggestion that she be paid a
monthly maintenance of around $4,700 or a lump sum of $200,000.00 cannot be
countenanced. This is especially so since separate arrangements had already
been made for the welfare of Don, who is presently below 21 years of age.

14 On hindsight, it might have been preferable not to have ordered Mr Yew to
pay any maintenance at all to Mdm Liew. Mr Yew has not appealed against the
order that he pay $700 per month to Mdm Liew. As for Mdm Liew, she may have
her long list of expenses, as outlined in her affidavit, but she should be
content with her share of the matrimonial assets and use them to maintain her
preferred life-style.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 27 Dec 2007 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

