Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Au Kin Chung v Ho Kit Joo  
[2007] SGHC 150

Case Number | : | D 600778/2003, RAS 720091/2005  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 12 September 2007  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Belinda Ang Saw Ean J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Susan Siaw (Siaw Kheng Boon & Co) for Petitioner; Lee Geck Hoon Ellen, Bernice Loo and Jessica Lee (Ramdas & Wong) for Respondent   
Parties | : |  Au Kin Chung — Ho Kit Joo   
  
Family Law – Matrimonial assets – Division – Whether there should be equal
division of assets – Whether profits derived from sale proceeds of properties
disposed of during marriage and rental income should be excluded from
computation of matrimonial assets – Whether adverse inference should be drawn
and its impact on proportion of assets awarded to parties  
  

12 September 2007 |   
---|---  
  
Belinda Ang Saw Ean J

Introduction

1 This was an appeal from the decision of District Judge Teoh Ai Lin (“the
judge”) reported in [2006] SGDC 37, whereby it was, _inter alia_ , ordered
that the petitioner, Au Kin Chung (“AKC”), and the respondent, Ho Kit Joo
(“HKJ”), be awarded 30% and 70% of the matrimonial assets respectively. AKC
appealed against the decision, contending that (a) he should be awarded 50% of
the matrimonial assets, and (b) the pool of matrimonial assets should be
increased to include profits derived from the sale of properties in the name
of HKJ as well as the rentals collected by HKJ. At the conclusion of the
hearing, I dismissed the appeal with costs fixed at $8,000. AKC has since
filed a notice of appeal against the whole of my decision except for the
moneys in OCBC Bank, New York, which was affirmed as a matrimonial asset
subject to division.

Background

2 AKC is a businessman residing in Hong Kong. HKJ is a homemaker residing in
Singapore. At the time of the ancillary hearing, AKC was aged 60 and HKJ was
aged 62. There are two children to the marriage, a son Au On Chin, Charles,
aged 33, and a daughter Au On Yee, Abby, aged 31. The parties married in 1971,
and the decree nisi was granted in 2003, based on four years of separation.
This was a long marriage spanning over almost 32 years.

3 The parties met in London. HKJ was then a state registered nurse and AKC was
studying hotel management. AKC maintained that, at that time, he was a
management trainee and was not, contrary to HKJ’s allegation, working as a
night cashier. Nothing turned on this difference in the storyline. After
marriage, the parties returned to Singapore. AKC commenced work at the
Goodwood Park Hotel as a Food and Beverage Manager and the last position he
held was that of Corporate Executive Manager. In Singapore, HKJ first worked
for an orthopaedic surgeon and than as a nurse with “Nestle Products”, but
moved on to private nursing (with its flexible schedule) to accommodate the
arrival of their son in 1972. In the early days, the parties stayed with HKJ’s
father. Later on, they lived in a rented house in Sembawang Hills until they
moved in 1973 to a two-bedroom apartment provided by the Goodwood Park Hotel.
Their daughter was born in 1974 and two years later, in 1976, they bought a
small apartment in Cairnhill Road. This was sold in 1979. The next property
was No 37 Oei Tiong Ham Park (“37 OTH”), which was an old house requiring
renovations. HKJ was a freelance property agent from 1978-1980. That stint as
freelance property agent presumably set the stage for her subsequent personal
interest and involvement in property investments, which contributed
significantly to the family wealth. According to HKJ, 37 OTH was bought with
the parties’ combined savings and a bank loan. In addition, about $75,000 was
spent on renovations and another sum of $35,000 was for related expenses.
AKC’s version was that the property was bought for $235,000 with his funds and
a bank loan, and a further $110,000 was provided by him for renovations and
other expenses. According to HKJ, the purchase of 37 OTH was a significant
acquisition as it provided the seed money for AKC’s acquisition of the Cable
Car Coffee Shops (“the Cable Car business”). Apart from the balance of the
sale proceeds of 37 OTH, HKJ said she gave to AKC a further sum of $50,000.
Out of this $50,000, a sum of $30,000 was a loan from her sister and the
balance sum of $20,000 was a gift from her father. Her claims were strenuously
contested by AKC. The judge found as a fact that some of the proceeds from the
sale of 37 OTH in 1981 assisted with the acquisition of the Cable Car
business. The judge went on to rule that the Cable Car business was a
matrimonial asset as it was acquired during the course of the marriage. The
judge held that HKJ had made direct financial contributions for its
acquisition through her share of the funds (from the sale of 37 OTH) remitted
to AKC and by reason of her substantial non-financial contributions towards
the marriage (see para 51 of the judge’s written grounds).

4 Returning to the chronology, AKC left his job at the Goodwood Park Hotel in
1980 and moved to Hong Kong. As he did not intend to work in Singapore any
more, HKJ with the two young children followed suit. Sometime thereafter, the
property at 37 OTH was sold for $720,000 thereby making a profit of $375,000.
Soon after, the family moved to London. The parties bought two London
properties, namely, 52 Uxendon Hill and 6 Hatherly Grove. The children were
enrolled in private schools; HKJ worked part-time as a nurse, while AKC leased
and managed a fast food take away business, which unfortunately did not do
well and was eventually sold without a profit. In London, AKC occupied himself
with some part-time consultancy work. In 1981, AKC returned to Hong Kong. He
found a job with the “Watson Group of Companies”, and he was assigned to
manage a chain of restaurants called the Cable Car Coffee Shops. HKJ and the
children again joined AKC in Hong Kong. However, soon thereafter, they all
returned to Singapore with AKC staying back in Hong Kong to work. In
Singapore, HKJ said she worked in her sister’s tailoring business. This was
disputed by AKC who contended that HKJ operated a clothing business from his
shop unit in Orchard Road and whenever she visited him in Hong Kong, she would
make purchases for her business in Singapore. There was something amiss in
AKC’s version as the shop unit he mentioned was not purchased until 1985 (see
[6] below).

5 As stated, sometime in 1983/1984, AKC purchased the Cable Car business and
expanded the chain of restaurants extensively. AKC incorporated four related
companies, amongst others, Multisectors Ltd (“Multisectors”). At or around
this time, the parties purchased an apartment in Hong Kong known as B3
Greenville Gardens (“Greenville property”) with two car park lots. This
apartment was to serve as their residence. Subsequently, AKC with the consent
of HKJ re-mortgaged the Greenville property to obtain more loans. In 1985, one
of the properties in London, 52 Uxendon Hill, was sold. In that same year,
their son went to study at a boarding school in England. In 1985 alone, AKC in
Hong Kong remitted approximately $250,000 for the family’s expenses.

6 In 1987, the parties acquired substantial assets; HKJ bought the property at
2775 Palmerston Avenue, Vancouver, Canada, while AKC acquired properties in
Hong Kong, namely two office units in Vincent Commercial Building as well as
two factory units in Unison Building. The next year, 1988, was another
significant year in that HKJ purchased No 41 Oei Tiong Ham Park (“41 OTH”). It
was not disputed that AKC had contributed $850,000 towards the purchase of 41
OTH. In that same year, AKC sold part of the Cable Car business by selling
7000 shares in Multisectors. In 1989, HKJ sold the shop unit in Midpoint
Orchard which was acquired in the March 1985.[note: 1] HKJ and her daughter
moved into 41 OTH in 1989. At that time, the son was in boarding school in
England. The following year, the daughter was sent away to boarding school in
England and, not surprisingly, the family expenses were significantly
increased as a result. The overdraft secured on 41 OTH was increased to help
meet the family’s expenses. Additionally HKJ wrote to AKC in November 1990 to
help reduce the overdraft and money for the family’s expenses. Pursuant to
this request, AKC said he remitted a sum of HK$1 million to HKJ. HKJ denied
that there was any such remittance. The judge, however, accepted AKC’s
testimony that HK$1 million was sent to reduce the overdraft of 41 OTH.[note:
2] At or around this time, HKJ sold the Canadian property. In 1989/1990, AKC
also sold the two office units in Vincent Commercial Building, and shortly
thereafter, acquired the property in Westland Centre, Hong Kong.

7 In 1991, AKC’s second tranche of 2998 shares in Multisectors were sold. The
circumstances surrounding the sale and, particularly, the sale proceeds were
contentious and this topic will be analysed in more detail below. Furthermore,
from 1991 onwards, AKC stopped remitting money to HKJ for the family’s
expenses. HKJ, in the meantime, vacated 41 OTH in order to earn rental income.
In the same year, HKJ bought the property at No 24 Oei Tiong Ham Park (“24
OTH”) and carried out renovations. AKC remitted $1 million to HKJ for this
acquisition. However, the judge accepted HKJ’s testimony that only $860,000
was remitted and not $ 1 million as alleged. The following year, HKJ purchased
the property at No 5 St Petersburg Mews, Bayswater, London (“The Mews”) and
the children occupied the property when they were studying in England from
1994 to 1999. AKC remitted a sum of $535, 557.54 to reimburse the purchase
price which HKJ had raised from her overdraft facilities in Singapore. In
1992, AKC acquired a unit in Commercial Building, Kowloon which he resold in
the same year.

8 In 1994, HKJ found that AKC was having an affair with his secretary and was
cohabiting with her openly. Realising that the marriage had soured, HKJ bought
11C Queen Astrid Gardens (“11C QAG”) as her permanent home. She has been
living there ever since by drawing on her own overdraft facilities. AKC did
not remit any moneys for this acquisition. Later that year, 24 OTH was sold as
HKJ alleged that she was facing severe financial constraints as a result of
the escalating family expenses, interests on the overdraft facilities as well
as maintenance and upkeep of the properties. HKJ admitted to using part of the
proceeds from the sale of 24 OTH to reduce the overdraft in respect of the
purchase of 11C QAG.

9 In 1997, HKJ purchased the property at No 80 Mount Sinai Drive, #11-05,
(“The Sierra”). HKJ paid up 40% of the purchase price in cash and took out a
bank loan for the remaining $500,000. In 1998, the National Bank of Asia
threatened to foreclose the Greenville property as a result of AKC’s default.
HKJ drew on her own overdraft facility and utilised the funds to redeem the
Greenville property as well as the two car park lots. Soon after, the
apartment and one of the car park lots were sold and HKJ remitted to AKC, his
share of the sale proceeds. In contrast, when AKC sold the remaining car park
lot in July that year, he did not share the proceeds with HKJ.

10 Towards the end of 1998, HKJ sold the Hatherly Grove property and admitted
that she did not share the proceeds with AKC as she used the money for the
family’s expenses and on the children. Even though the children had graduated,
they continued to rely on their mother to fund their privileged lifestyles and
business ventures. In 1999 and 2001, AKC sold the factory units in Unison
building. Again, as with sale of the other assets, he retained all the sale
proceeds for himself. In March 2003, divorce proceedings were commenced on the
ground of four years of separation. The decree nisi was granted in October
2003, and the ancillary matters were heard almost two years later in 2005. The
judge delivered her judgment in November 2005. AKC appealed and the judge
issued her written grounds of decision in March 2006.

11 In summary, at the time of the divorce and to the extent of the parties’
disclosure, the existing matrimonial assets available for division were: (i)
41 OTH; (ii) 11C QAG; (iii) The Sierra; (iv) The Mews; (v) HKJ’s CDP Shares
with an agreed value of $116,490; and (vi) all existing stocks and assets
purchased with the sum of US$155,200 which HKJ remitted to the son on 9
February 2004.

Issues on appeal

12 Two issues were addressed on appeal. The first main issue was on the
judge’s division of the pool of matrimonial assets at 70% for HKJ and 30% for
AKC. Before the judge and at the appeal before me, AKC had advocated an equal
division of the matrimonial assets. The residential properties and shares in
question were registered in HKJ’s name (see [11] above) and AKC sought to show
that he provided part of the funds to acquire the residential properties.
AKC’s challenge was also directed at the extra share percentage (_ie_ 20%)
awarded to HKJ (bringing her share to 70%) as being the best and most
appropriate way to give effect to the adverse inference drawn against AKC for
want of full and frank disclosure as to the assets in his name or where he had
an interest. The second main issue was on whether, for the purpose of
division, the judge was right in excluding from computation of the matrimonial
assets, the profits derived from the sale proceeds of properties disposed of
during the marriage as well as the rental income collected over the years. I
propose to begin with the second issue as it is a short point.

**_Rentals and profits from the sale of properties_**

13 It is trite law that the court’s power to divide assets extends to those
subsisting in the sole or joint names of the parties at the time of the
hearing of ancillary matters. As such, assets bought but disposed of during
the course of the marriage, would not be included in the pool of matrimonial
assets for division. However, as the judge noted at [58] of her written
grounds, “the Court would, in dividing the remaining matrimonial assets have
regard to any sums or assets disposed of [during the marriage] and not
properly accounted for _._ ” This statement echoes the views of Judith Prakash
J in _Yow Mee Lan v Chen Kai Buan_ (“ _Yow Mee Lan_ ”) [2000] 4 SLR 466.
Prakash J at [69] said:

What the court does is to divide the assets existing at the time of the
divorce and assets that were existing at any time prior thereto are not
divisible as such. They are only relevant to assist the court in determining
whether there has been proper disclosure of the assets presently available for
distribution.

14 On the facts of the present case as found by the judge, AKC’s inability to
account for, _inter alia_ , the sale proceeds of the Cable Car business and
the various Hong Kong properties were crucial to and formed the basis of the
judge’s decision to draw an adverse inference against him. That is a separate
issue for discussion elsewhere. Reverting to the issue under discussion, I
agreed with the judge that there was no legal basis to notionally pool back
moneys representing the profits from the sale of properties and rentals
collected over the years. With the exception of moneys deposited with OCBC
Bank, New York, counsel for AKC, Ms Susan Siaw, did not identify any other
asset as representing the accumulated rental and net sale proceeds. Apart from
the properties disclosed (see [11] above), AKC had earlier asserted that HKJ
also owned other properties in London, Singapore and Australia, an assertion
she roundly rejected. It was plain that AKC was not able to substantiate his
bare allegation, which appeared to have had its origin in rumours and gossip.

15 In addition, the judge found that the sale proceeds and rental income were
from time to time applied towards payment of existing mortgages, overdrafts
and property-related expenses as well as the family’s expenses. Whilst AKC
remitted funds over the years to HKJ, counsel for HKJ, Ms Ellen Lee who was
assisted by Ms Bernice Loo, explained (and this was accepted by the judge)
that the bulk of the funds sent by AKC were mostly for property purchases,
leaving a total sum of $250,000 for the family’s expenses. AKC did not
controvert the explanation that the family’s expenses were substantial,
particularly after 1985 when the son attended boarding school in England,
followed by the daughter in 1990. It was common ground that the landed
properties in Singapore were registered in HKJ’s name as she was a Singapore
citizen. Consequently, the loans and overdrafts for the properties were in
HKJ’s sole name. She had to service the bank borrowings as well as pay for the
upkeep, maintenance and repairs of the investment properties. Those
obligations were discharged utilising the rentals from the various properties
and sale proceeds. As the judge rightly observed:

[68] By and large after 1985, HKJ was left to manage the expenses of herself
and the children as well as the upkeep and the bank debts of the properties on
her own.

Besides, an equal division of net sale proceeds and rental income as argued
for by AKC would result in double counting inasmuch as the same funds were
used to acquire and maintain the properties that were already before the court
for division.

16 Notably, AKC had never in the past called on HKJ to account for his share
of the proceeds or the sums she had spent on the family and the properties in
her name. Having reviewed the evidence, I saw no reason to disturb the judge’s
evaluation of the level of trust and cooperation the spouses extended to each
other, particularly, on money matters. The judge held:

[28] When the marriage was ongoing and the relationship was good, the parties
remitted sums to help each other with their acquisitions whenever the need
arose. The happier years of their marriage up to at least 1994 was marked by
this level of co-operation and trust between them on money matters.
Investments had been bought and sold for the common good, sums ploughed back
for other investments and living expenses, and the parties themselves had not
distinguished whether the funds were his money or her money or asked each
other to account for the sale proceeds.

17 AKC’s arid demand for his share of the past rentals spanning many years was
rightly rejected by the judge who saw it as an afterthought just as the court
did in _BJ v BK_ [2004] SGDC 87. In that case, the district judge at [15]
criticised the husband’s attempts to do so in words that are equally
applicable to the present case:

If the balance of the rentals collected was not intended as maintenance for
the wife, the husband would have asked for his share at the time, or soon
after, the rentals were collected. That is what anyone with a genuine claim
would have done in the ordinary course. That the husband should seek an
account of the rentals collected, dating back 10 years, after the parties are
divorced and the apartment sold, appears to me to be in the vein of an
afterthought. __

**_Division of assets in HKJ’s name_**

_Equal division_

18 This case started off no different from the next as to how the matrimonial
assets of the spouses should be divided. The problem was that AKC’s assets
were not known. It was AKC’s case that he no longer had any assets in his
name, had many unpaid debts and was without income as he had yet to re-
establish his business. He was not the successful businessman he once was. AKC
sought an equal division of matrimonial assets in HKJ’s name. It was AKC’s
case that he provided the funds for the property investments.[note: 3] He
stated:

Virtually all of this wealth was acquired by way of my money, money that I had
earned by working overseas. The whole accumulation of wealth was based on the
fact that by working overseas, I could build a business to make money for
property investment. My money would start the investments, and mortgages would
be financed both by me and the rental income. When the properties were sold,
the profits would pay off the mortgages and finance further purchases. Where
additional finances were required, I supplied them.

19 In the case of direct financial contributions to the purchase of the landed
properties at 24 and 41 OTH and the Mews in London, the judge accepted AKC’s
testimony that he remitted in percentage terms, 36%, 53% and 100% respectively
of the purchase price.[note: 4] As for the rest of his testimony, as between
HKJ and AKC, the judge was less than impressed with the evidence of AKC. She
remarked:

[45] ... I observed from the whole of [AKC’s] affidavits that he had a
tendency to exaggerate and in certain instances his evidence was calculated to
mislead.

The judge came to that conclusion in the first instance of an equal division
of the matrimonial assets, but increased HKJ’s percentage share of the
matrimonial assets to 70% on account of AKC’s failure to give full and frank
disclosure of his assets. An equal division of the matrimonial assets in HKJ’s
name was based on the parties’ contributions (both financial and non-
financial). The judge’s findings and conclusions based on authorities cited in
her written grounds were as follows:

[171] The facts of the present case bore some similarities to [_Yow Mee Lan v
Chen Kai Buan_ [2004] 4 SLR 466]. Like Yow’s case, the parties here had built
up the family wealth over the years. The Petitioner here, like the husband in
Yow’s case, was the main income-earner. His industry and enterprise enabled
large sums to be paid for many of the property purchases made after the Cable
Car business became successful, which in turn financed the lifestyle of the
family. _The Respondent played a supporting role by looking after the family
and managing their property portfolio_.

…

[173] Here, the Respondent’s contributions to the marriage were made
consistently over a long period of time as well. _She had contributed
substantially towards the welfare of the family. She was the primary care-
giver of the children in their earlier years. Despite their being sent to
boarding school in their teens, the Respondent continued to visit them
regularly and tend to them_.

[174] In [_Wong Ser Wan v Ng Cheong Ling_ [2005] SCHC 218], the wife’s main
contribution was in taking care of the family, and she had been awarded 40% of
the assets. _Here [HKJ] had additionally played an active and direct part
towards the enhancement of the family wealth_.

…

[177] This was a very long marriage of 32 years, a good number of years longer
than the marriages in the three cases cited previously. _HKJ had contributed
in different ways from the Petitioner_ , but _her contributions were no less
significant_ … Nonetheless, _taking a broad brush approach_ , _I would have
awarded the respondent a 50% share of the assets she had been managing all
these years_ and _a smaller percentage of the other matrimonial assets built
up by the petitioner outside Singapore._

[Emphasis added].

20 The importance of the different contributions made by the spouses during
their marriage has been recognised by the courts. The outcome of the division
ought to be as fair and equitable as possible in all the circumstances. Even
if the judge had reached the opposite conclusion that HKJ did not use her
savings to help acquire 37 OTH, her efforts at creating, enhancing and
preserving the family fortune was no less significant. Such contributions have
traditionally been given recognition as non-financial contributions in cases
like _Ryan v Berger_ [2001] 1 SLR 419 and _Yow Mee Lan_. In the former case,
an equal division of the matrimonial assets was ordered as the parties started
off being “equal partners” both in the business and at home, and
notwithstanding the arrival of their first child, the wife continued to
identify and work on property investments for the benefit of the family. The
court at [27] stated:

It was apparent that the parties had treated their relationship as both a
domestic and a business partnership until the circumstances changed and the
wife had to take on a more domestic role when she became a mother. Even then,
however, she continued her efforts to contribute towards the maintenance and
growth of the family assets by identifying and working on property investments
for the benefit of the family. Some of these investments were undertaken by
the company (at the date of the hearing below, the company owned some five
real properties) while others were purchased in the names of the parties or by
the wife’s property investment company. The wife’s position was that all
profits as well as losses of her property investments were credited or debited
as the case may be to the parties’ joint accounts and used to make further
investments. It should be noted that up to the time of separation, the wife
did not have her own bank account.

21 In the same vein, Prakash J in _Yow Mee Lan_ at [42] to [44] observed:

To summarise, the marriage was a long one. The husband was the main income
earner. The wife looked after the home and children and played a supporting
role in the family business owned by the husband** _._** It appears that she
did not have either the knowledge or the talent which the husband did and
could not herself have produced the substantial income he was able to
generate. In these circumstances, what would be a just and equitable division
of the assets? The District Judge placed great emphasis on the husband’s role
as the income generator and considered that he should therefore have a major
share of the assets.

With due respect, that approach no longer accords with the legislation which
takes a wider view. It recognises that a marriage is not a business where,
generally, parties receive an economic reward commensurate with their economic
input. It is a union in which the husband and wife work together for their
common good and the good of their children. Each of them uses (or should use)
his or her abilities and efforts for the welfare of the family and contributes
whatever he or she is able to. __ The partners often have unequal abilities
whether as parents or as income earners but, as between them, this disparity
of roles and talent should not result in unequal rewards where the
contributions are made consistently and over a long period of time.

In the present case, the wife contributed to the best of her ability both to
the maintenance of the family and to the business. She provided essential
backup on which the husband could rely. He was able to travel for long periods
safe in the knowledge that both his home and his business were in reliable
hands. No doubt someone else could have done the administrative work in Plymat
which the wife did (the husband was at pains to denigrate her work as being
merely clerical) but with someone else in charge, he would not have had the
assurance that in the office his interests would not be undermined.

Although the wife’s contributions to the business in _Yow Mee Lan_ were less
direct, the judge nevertheless took them into account (for the reasons
stated), in awarding her an equal share of the matrimonial assets based on her
indirect contributions.

22 Significantly, the recent case decision of the Court of Appeal in _Lock
Yeng Fun v Chua Hock Chye_ [2007] 3 SLR 520 went further. The appellate court
recognised as direct financial contribution the efforts and ability of the
homemaker in the accretion of the family wealth, and that tangible accretion,
in turn, increased the value of the matrimonial assets available for division.
In that case, the marriage was a long one lasting approximately 30 years. The
appellant was a housewife and looked after the welfare of the home and the
children of the marriage. The parties did not dispute that the wife made
little or no direct financial contribution to the acquisition of the
matrimonial home and other assets. In fact, the substantial investments in her
name (_ie_ exceeding $500,000) were funded by the husband, in that she had
used the moneys given to her for household expenditure and groceries sparingly
and proceeded to invest the rest for the benefit of the family. In contrast,
the husband, despite being a successful banker and holding the position of
Vice President in a few regional banks, was noted to be a “poor investor or
saver” and had only accumulated a mere $230,000 “after almost a lifetime of
work” (according to his disclosed assets). The Court of Appeal in reversing
the trial judge’s award of 60% for the husband and 40% for the wife had
considered the wife’s savvy investment acumen as a direct financial
contribution to the accumulation of the family wealth, which entitled her to a
half share of the matrimonial assets. The appellate court noted at [41]:

Furthermore, in addition to the non-financial contributions of a spouse (more
often than not, the wife) attention must be given to his or her direct
financial contributions through his or her efforts in increasing the total
value of the matrimonial assets. This contribution must be taken into account
for the purpose of increasing the proportion of matrimonial assets to be
awarded to that spouse. This is not only logical but is also eminently fair.
This is, in fact, the situation in the present case, where the wife not only
looked after the home and the children for 30 years, but also by her own
efforts and investment skills, increased the value of the family assets
considerably to an amount larger than that brought in by the husband. In the
circumstances, she must be given due credit for this direct financial
contribution in the division of matrimonial assets.

23 Likewise, the matrimonial assets in HKJ’s name, the subject of division,
were created and built up over the years through HKJ’s foray into the property
market, her industry and astute management of the properties acquired during
the marriage and all that constituted her direct financial contribution
towards the creation and accumulation of the family fortune. I must add that
her role as investment manager of the properties in her name increased the
value of the matrimonial assets available for distribution. Her acumen in
buying old houses at choice locations and flair for renovation were pivotal to
and did contribute substantially to the spouses’ successful foray into the
local property market and the profits made generally, and in particular, from
the sale of 24 OTH, which were ploughed back to finance further acquisitions
(reducing overdrafts in respect of existing properties and acquiring one
further property such as The Sierra in 1997). HKJ also appeared to have been
successful with her investments in London and Canada which had over time
appreciated in value. The properties were purchased in her sole name and the
loans and overdraft were in her name, such that she assumed the financial
exposure in relation to the funding of the investments.

24 Whilst, staking his claim to the assets in HKJ’s name on the basis that the
properties existed only because he paid the down payments, AKC, nonetheless,
acknowledged HKJ’s contributions to the family and family fortune. He
said:[note: 5]

She of course played a significant role in bringing up the children, investing
our money and maintaining our properties, but I started it, I financed it and
determined the direction in which the investments should go. At a later date
it seems she sold some of the properties without my knowledge and made other
investments, but it could only have been with our joint assets.

25 Continuing, AKC maintained:[note: 6]

It was the profits on 24 and 37 [OTH] that created the investment
possibilities to create our wealth and the rental income on 41 and 24 [OTH] as
well as overseas properties that sustained and increased the wealth.

26 HKJ rejected AKC’s claim as an exaggeration that he determined the
direction of the investments. She maintained that she alone managed the
investments.[note: 7] Furthermore, it was out of character for AKC to concern
himself with renovations and maintenance of the properties. In my judgment,
HKJ was solely in charge of managing the properties in her name, renovations
and their upkeep including the maintenance of the family from the rentals.
When her finances were tight, she moved out of 41 OTH in 1991 and rented it to
generate rental income. In my judgment, HKJ was a homemaker but she still
played a markedly valuable part in the accretion and accumulation of the
family fortune. HKJ was clearly entitled at the least to an equal division of
the matrimonial assets even if, for the sake of argument, there were no
findings by the judge (or the judge had erred in her findings) that HKJ had
used her savings to help acquire the landed properties and that the cash
portion of the acquisitions had all came from AKC. The recent decision of the
Court of Appeal in _Lock Yeng Fun v Chua Hock Chye_ gave recognition to the
homemaker who had created and enhanced the family wealth available for
division through her acumen and astute investments. In my judgment, through
HKJ’s industry and ability, the investment properties increased in number and
their value appreciated over the years. In contrast, AKC said he had nothing
to contribute to the pool of matrimonial assets as the assets in his name were
allegedly all gone. He was a no longer the successful businessman he once was
and was living on borrowed money from family and friends.

27 Separately, it was incontrovertible, and AKC accepted that HKJ had made
non-financial contributions by looking after the welfare of the two children,
without the support of the husband as he had been working in Hong Kong for
most of their growing years. There is evidence in 1990 that she even wrote out
the text of the letter for AKC to send to their son. She also reminded AKC to
send a birthday card to the daughter. AKC’s good opinion of his children,
their accomplishment and personalities as he saw them was an example of the
value of HKJ’s work in caring for the children.

28 HKJ had also been supportive of the husband. By way of illustration, she
allowed the overdraft facilities secured on the Greenville property to be
increased for the husband’s business ventures. When AKC defaulted on the
payments on the overdraft and the bank threatened to foreclose, HKJ drew on
her own overdraft facilities to stave off the foreclosure and a mortgagee’s
sale.

29 In the light of all these factors taken in combination and drawing
parallels with the cases referred to above, even though AKC had contributed
financing for some of the properties, the judge favoured an equal division of
the existing matrimonial assets for her contributions to both the welfare and
wealth accumulation of the family. I saw no reason to disturb the judge’s
assessment even though I might have awarded HKJ a 60% share of the matrimonial
assets based on her direct financial contributions and non-financial
contributions. Oftentimes, it has been said that the division of matrimonial
property is not based on any mathematical exercise (see _Lock Yeng Fun v Chua
Hock Chye_ at [33]), but rather an application of discretion having regard to
all the circumstances of the case to arrive at a just and equitable outcome.
In any case, no adjustment was needed in the light of the approach taken by
the judge in awarding HKJ a higher percentage share on account of AKC’s
withholding information on his assets.

**_Adverse inference and its impact on the proportion to be awarded to
parties_**

30 Having reached the point of an equal division of the matrimonial assets in
HKJ’s name, the judge nevertheless increased her share by another 20%. The
judge found that AKC had withheld information on his assets and her reasons
for awarding HKJ a larger percentage share of the matrimonial assets were as
follows:

[181] … I was of the view that as the Petitioner had not disclosed his assets
and that these assets were substantial, it would not be equitable for him to
share equally in the Respondent’s disclosed assets while he kept his
undisclosed assets for himself. In the circumstances I awarded the Respondent
a 70% share of her disclosed and ascertainable assets.

31 On AKC’s withholding information on his assets, the judge set out in
extended form her findings:

[178] I drew adverse inference against the Petitioner. He had not made full
and frank disclosure of his assets, and he had among other things failed to
satisfactorily account for the bulk of the sale proceeds of the Cable Car
business. He had also made crafty attempts to paint a misleading picture of
his financial position. I was of the view that he was stonewalling the
Respondent by claiming to be living on borrowed monies.

[179] The Petitioner’s non-disclosure stood on a different footing and scale
from the Respondent’s. Whatever assets the Respondent had not disclosed or
accounted for could be traced to their property investments as she did not
have any independent source of substantial income apart from the properties.

[180] The Petitioner on the other hand was a businessman, and he had business
dealings in Hong Kong, China and Vietnam. It was not possible to put a figure
on how much his assets were, but even taking into account any business set-
backs he may have had, I believed that his undisclosed assets were
substantial. He had not satisfactorily explained what happened to the large
capital sums he received from the sale of the Multi Sectors shares and the
disposal of his other assets, aside from any other undisclosed assets or
income he acquired through his other dealings in those many years after the
Cable Car business was disposed of. He had been based in Hong Kong all these
years engaged in business. He had family and friends there, and he could
easily have parked his assets with them or arranged his financial affairs to
avoid discovery.

32 The nub of the issue before me was whether the evidence, on analysis,
supported the judge’s reasons for drawing an adverse inference. I should state
that it was open to the judge to draw adverse inferences if there had been
withholding of information as was the case here. That is a material
consideration in the context of the exercise of discretion under s 112 of the
Women’s Charter (Cap 353, 1997 Rev Ed). The court’s power to divide
matrimonial assets embodied in s 112 is premised on the parties’ duty to
provide full and frank disclosure of the assets acquired throughout the course
of the marriage. Without proper disclosure of all matters relevant to the
assessment of the financial position of the parties, the court will have
difficulty arriving at a just and equitable division of the matrimonial
assets. This paramount duty was described by Karthigesu J (as he then was) in
the case of _Wee Ah Lian v Teo Siak Weng_ [1992] 1 SLR 688 at 698-699 in the
following terms:

[T]he position in law is that full and frank disclosure is important and in
its absence, the court is entitled to draw adverse inferences to the husband
(in this case) as to his capacity or faculties and to treat him as a man in a
position to command a very substantial income.

33 I also fully adopt the observations of Otton LJ in _Baker v Baker_ [1996] 1
FCR 567 at 576 on the importance of disclosure for a proper division of
matrimonial assets:

[T]here is a duty upon a party in proceedings such as these to make a full and
frank disclosure of all matters relevant to the assessment of the financial
position of the parties and the relief to which a spouse is entitled. The
integrity of the legal process would be severely undermined if a party were
permitted (and seen to be permitted) to evade that duty by a deliberate and
stubborn refusal to make such disclosure to the other party and, more
important, to the court.

34 The non-disclosure, and any inference drawn, has to be a matter which can
properly be taken into account in arriving at a fair and equitable division.
Needless to say, before drawing any inference, adverse or otherwise, there had
to be some evidence pointing towards the inference to be drawn. What weight
was to be attached to these factors is entirely for the court to decide. The
standard of proof of non-disclosure in ancillary matters is the normal civil
standard of proof on a balance of probabilities (see _Al Khatib v Masry and
others_ [2002] FCR 539).

35 Although there is no blanket rule in relation to the courts’ powers upon
drawing an adverse inference (see _NK v NL_ [2007] SGCA 35), as the cases
illustrate, there are two possible ways of giving effect to an adverse
inference drawn against a party to the proceedings. The first approach is for
the court, pursuant to the adverse inference, to go on to determine the value
of the undeclared asset. In _Tay Sin Tor v Tan Chay Eng_ [2000] 2 SLR 225, Kan
Ting Chiu J at [18] held:

An adverse inference was drawn against the husband that he has not disclosed
all his assets. The District Judge should not stop after drawing the inference
and should have gone on to determine the value of the undeclared assets. This
cannot be done with precision because it springs from a lack of information,
but nevertheless, a value should be inferred from the information available
and it is for the party who is dissatisfied with it to show that it is
unreasonable. This has to be done so that a value for the undisclosed assets
can be included in the division. As matters stand, it is not known how much
unaccounted assets the husband was deemed to have, and how that influenced the
eventual decision.

36 The other approach to giving effect to the adverse inference drawn against
a spouse is to order a higher proportion of the known assets to be given to
the other spouse. In _NK v NL_ , there was no explanation proffered by the
husband as to what happened to the particular amount in question (a
considerable sum of $2.7 million) warranting an adverse inference against him.
In the circumstances, the Court of Appeal held that it was more just and
equitable (and practical) to order a higher proportion of the known assets to
be given to the wife.

37 Moving on to Ms Siaw’s arguments, her first point was that AKC was not
hiding any assets and that the findings of fact against him, which eventually
led to the drawing of the adverse inference, were misconceived. This was an
argument that was premised purely on AKC’s assertion that he did not have any
assets or own any property in Hong Kong or elsewhere.[note: 8] I would only be
minded to disturb the judge’s findings, if AKC managed to persuade me that the
said findings were manifestly wrong. Second, Ms Siaw submitted that in any
event (notwithstanding AKC’s alleged non-disclosures), the judge had failed to
give due consideration to HKJ’s non-disclosures of all assets and sale
proceeds in her name and argued that as a result of this, the adverse
inferences against both parties neutralised each other.

38 The approach which the judge had taken by awarding a higher percentage
share of the matrimonial assets to HKJ on account of AKC’s withholding of
information was not flawed. For division, all matrimonial assets were to be
pooled but this was difficult as the judge found that there was non-
disclosure of AKC’s assets. The judge considered the factors set out in s 112
in so far as they were relevant. As stated, the question before me was whether
the adverse inference drawn against AKC was justified on the facts. In
relation to the sale of the shares of the Cable Car business (effected via
sale of the shares in Multisectors), the judge held:

[109] I was of the view that the petitioner had deliberately made selective
disclosure of the sale and purchase agreement to bolster his claim that the
entire Cable Car group was only sold for $20.3 million.

39 On his part, AKC merely noted that the first tranche of shares was sold for
HK$20.3 million. The remaining 2998 shares were retained by him, until the
company was wound up subsequently in 2001. Hence, he claimed to have received
a total of HK$20.3 million (and not the HK$33-35 million figure supplied by
HKJ and relied upon by the judge) for all his shares in Multisectors. Out of
the HK$20.3 million, AKC said that his entitlement was HK$10 million as the
other half went to his family members who had loaned him money to buy over the
Cable Car business in the early days. AKC’s arguments at the court below
(which the judge helpfully summarised from [99] to [111] of the written
grounds) displayed his tendency to vacillate between inconsistent positions.
To illustrate, AKC, at the outset, contended that all the shares were sold (in
one tranche). He then changed tack, when HKJ discovered that he had retained
2998 shares, saying that he held some shares back after 1989 and Lucky Chain
(the buyer of the first tranche) asked him to sign the shares over to them,
pending a sale on a third party. Thereafter, he submitted that no buyer was
found until 1991, when the company was wound up and accordingly, he did not
receive any consideration for these shares. As the judge observed at [107] of
the written grounds, the notes (for the transfer of shares) that AKC had
enclosed in his affidavit did not lend credence to his version of the facts.
First, the note was unsigned and the sale consideration left blank. Second,
the named purchaser was “Multi-ways Investments” and not Lucky Chain as AKC
had sought to argue. Third, the company searches indicated that when
Multisectors was wound up, Multi-ways was the registered owner of 3001
Multisectors shares, which was contrary to and inconsistent with AKC’s
allegation that (i) Lucky Chain had never found a buyer for his remaining 2998
shares, and (ii) the sale and transfer of the aforesaid shares had not been
completed prior to the winding up of Multisectors and thus rendered his
remaining shares worthless.

40 There were other material inconsistencies in his testimony which AKC did
not explain away and they stemmed from the want of full and frank disclosure.
For instance, AKC claimed that he was not the sole shareholder of Multisectors
and that his family members as in his mother and siblings were shareholders of
Multisectors. Instead of producing a company search on Multisectors, he
exhibited a company search on Amber Development Limited. Eventually, HKJ
caused searches to be made in Hong Kong on the shareholders of Multisectors.
As at 31 December 1988, AKC was the major shareholder of Multisectors with
9998 shares and two other individuals, Ronald Ho Woon Ching and Au Kin Wai
held one share each. On 16 March 1989, Au Kin Wai transferred his one share to
Au Kin Yau. On 6 April 1989, AKC transferred 7,000 shares to Lucky Chain
Investment Limited. In addition, in the extract of the Agreement for the Sale
and Purchase of Shares in Multisectors, AKC as vendor was identified as the
beneficial owner of the shares to be sold. AKC did not explain this important
discrepancy and his claim that half of the sale proceeds of HK$10 million
belonged to his family members must be discredited. Naturally, he had not
accounted for this HK$10 million of the sale proceeds. He also claimed that he
sold the two units in Vincent Commercial Building for a profit of HK$500,000
and bought with a mortgage one factory unit in Westland Centre. He did not
provide details of the purchase price of the Westland Centre property and the
amount of the mortgage and what was left vague was the question of whether the
profit of HK$500,000 was used to pay for the Westland Centre property. He
subsequently disclosed that the Westland Centre property was owned by
Multisectors and this property was sold along with the shares in Multisectors
to Lucky Chain. However, that was not the case on an examination of the Hong
Kong Land Register which showed that Multisectors sold the property to Man
Shing Development Enterprises on 23 January 1995 for HK$6.2 million. Notably,
this 1995 sale took place more than five years after the sale of the Cable Car
business to Lucky Chain in 1989.[note: 9] As for AKC’s assertion that the
property was not vested in him but registered in the name of Multisectors, his
disclaimer was facile. The court can pierce the corporate veil and disregard
corporate ownership. The court can and will adopt this approach even where
there are minority interests (and in this case there were two shareholders
with one share each) involved if they are such that they can for practical
purposes be disregarded. Another instance of non-disclosure concerned his
claim that Flat D, 18th Floor, Sung Fung Mansion, Harbour Heights, Fook Yim
Street, North Point, Hong Kong was rented accommodation. This claim was not
substantiated despite repeated calls for AKC to produce the tenancy agreement
but he chose not to do so.

41 As for AKC’s allegations that he was currently unemployed and living on
borrowings, the judge had this to say:

[118] He gave a hollow account of what happened to the fortune he made from
the sale of Cable Car business. He said that aside from his living expenses
over the years, he had some business ventures that failed. He also cited the
1998 economic crisis to support his claim that he had lost everything.

[120] The 1998 economic crisis seemed to be a convenient excuse. When the
Cable Car business was sold, the petitioner was barely in his mid-40s and
until 1998, when the economic crisis hit, he would have had some nine good
years in Hong Kong. He had chosen to remain based in Hong Kong all these years
after the Cable Car business was sold, presumably because there was business
to be done.

42 The judge did not believe AKC’s unsubstantiated assertion that “ _he had
barely enough success to make ends meet and as time progressed, it got
worse_.” AKC’s attempt to raise identical arguments before me, did little to
advance his case. I agreed with the judge’s findings on AKC’s finances at the
time of the divorce and her disbelief that AKC was living on credit lines. The
judge held:

[146] I observed that from 1998 when the petitioner said the marriage broke
down irretrievably until the time he filed the divorce petition in 2003, there
was a good 5 years for the Petitioner to plan and arrange his financial
affairs if divorce had been on his cards. The petitioner had been generally
reluctant in his disclosures, and when he did disclose, they were selective
disclosures that would bolster his claims. The numerous cash advances he
obtained seemed to be self-serving and contrived to support his claim that he
was living on borrowed monies. The alleged loans from his family and friends
were a convenient tool to explain away any sums that could be attributed to
his means or disposal. There was a certain calculated deliberateness in the
amounts and the dates in which he supposedly obtained loans and he had not
explained why he needed those particular amounts at those times.

…

[153] I rejected the Petitioner’s claim that he had used up all these sale
proceeds [received for the two factories] for his living and other expenses as
well. Looking at the background of what had taken place at that time and quite
aside from his failure to account satisfactorily for what he did with all the
Cable Car sale proceeds, I observed that just prior to the sale of the 1st
factory unit in 1999, the Respondent had in 1998 remitted the Petitioner
HK$1,150,000 as his share of the Greenville [sale] proceeds. Additionally, he
had kept HK$500,000 from the sale of the 2nd car park lot for himself. There
were also the large unexplained withdrawals from his bank accounts.

[154] In fact looking at the totality of all the capital sums he had received
from the sale of the Multi-Sector shares, the disposal of his assets and the
remittances received from HKJ and the sums run up against the Greenville
overdraft, the Petitioner had sizeable monies at his disposal. The capital
sums alone would have earned him a reasonable return if they were left in
passive investments. It was hardly credible that he would have the need to eat
into the capital sums to fund his living expenses as he claimed.

43 AKC challenged the findings on the basis that he had produced all documents
in his possession that were relevant to the present case. As with the above
findings, I saw no basis to disagree with the findings in light of the
analysis undertaken by the judge. It was said that the documents produced were
selective and, in turn, the information disclosed was also selective. It is
useful, for present purposes, to refer to the Statements of Accounts
purportedly for the sale of the two factory units in Unison Building, Hong
Kong. The judge had examined the Statements of Accounts and had found the
information there misleading. [note: 10] In addition to the judge’s reasons,
the Statement of Accounts for the sale of the unit on the 13th Floor did not
disclose the purchase price. It merely revealed the balance of the purchase
price payable. The Statement of Account for the sale of the unit on the 10th
floor is more interesting for it disclosed an unusual feature of the sale in
that HK$700,000 of the balance purchase price was to be paid by instalments
after completion. This raised questions about the sale such as who was the
buyer and whether it was a genuine arm’s length transaction to an unrelated
party. In addition, no details as to the number of instalments were given. AKC
was no doubt an intelligent person and shrewd businessman who had in the
ancillary hearing sought to perpetuate the impression that his financial
cupboard was bare. If that was indeed the truth, he would have had no
difficulty providing complete documentation, but the converse appeared to have
occurred.

44 As regards the contention that the judge failed to consider HKJ’s non-
disclosure of some assets/profits derived from the sale of properties in her
name, I dismissed it as wholly unmeritorious. In subsequent affidavits, HKJ
made good her initial non-disclosures which were traceable to the properties
in her name as she had no separate independent source of income in contrast to
AKC’s situation.

45 The judge’s approach of awarding a higher proportion of the existing assets
to HKJ was not only in accordance with principle and a proper exercise of
discretion it also served to achieve a just and equitable division of the
assets. The fact that AKC was resident in Hong Kong and his assets were
situated outside Singapore also weighed on the judge’s mind in deciding to
award a higher proportion of the existing assets to HKJ. The judge observed at
[179] of the written grounds (referred to in [31] above) that having friends
and family there, “ _he could have easily parked his assets with them or
arranged his financial affairs to avoid discovery._ ” She drew the conclusion
that AKC did not want the court to know his true financial position. In my
view, there was sufficient evidence before the judge which clearly entitled
her to come to that conclusion. I heard nothing to persuade me to take a
different view. Ms Siaw did not at the appeal show that the adverse inferences
were unreasonable in that no judge faced with the evidence could have drawn
the inferences or awarded the extra 20%. In short, AKC had not succeeded in
demonstrating that the 20% uplift was unreasonable or unjustified.

Conclusion

46 For these reasons, I dismissed the appeal with costs fixed at $8,000.00.

  

* * *

[note: 1]AKC’s affidavit dated 22 June 2005 para 15 and 41-45

[note: 2]Para 64 of written grounds

[note: 3]AKC’s affidavit dated 23 July 2004 at para 8

[note: 4]Paras 53 and 64 of the written grounds

[note: 5]AKC’s affidavit dated 10 February 2004 at para 7.

[note: 6]AKC’s affidavit dated 10 February 2004 at para 68

[note: 7]HKJ ‘s affidavit dated 22 April 2004 at para 9

[nore: 8]AKC’s affidavit dated 3 December 2003 at paras 12 and 13

[note: 9]ACK’s affidavit dated 22 June 2005 at para 9 and pages 8 and 9; HKJ’s
affidavit dated 29 July 2005 at para 25

[note: 10]Paras 151 to 152 of written grounds

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 12 Sep 2007 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

