Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Law Society of Singapore v Liew Boon Kwee James  
[2007] SGHC 209

Case Number | : | OS 220/2007, SUM 792/2007  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 04 December 2007  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Andrew Ang J; Chan Sek Keong CJ; Tay Yong Kwang J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Prem Gurbani (Gurbani & Co) for the applicant; S Magintharan (Netto & Magin LLC) for the respondent   
Parties | : |  Law Society of Singapore — Liew Boon Kwee James   
  
Legal Profession – Show cause action – Lawyer attempting to procure
conveyancing work by offering monetary reward to individuals referring such
work to him – Lawyer pleaded guilty to charges for grossly improper conduct in
discharge of his professional duty brought against him by Law Society of
Singapore – Appropriate punishment in light of certain mitigating
circumstances – Sections 83(2)(d), 83(2)(e) Legal Profession Act (Cap 161,
2001 Rev Ed)  
  

4 December 2007 |  Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Chan Sek Keong CJ (delivering the judgment of the court):

Introduction

1 This is an application by the Law Society of Singapore (“the Law Society”)
pursuant to s 94(1) read with s 98 of the Legal Profession Act (Cap 161, 2001
Rev Ed) (“the Act”) for James Liew Boon Kwee (“the respondent”) to show cause
as to why he should not be dealt with under s 83(2)(_e_) or s 83(2)(_h_) of
the Act and s 83(2)(_d_) or s 83(2)(_h_) of the Act.

2 By way of background, it must be mentioned that the respondent in this case
is the third advocate and solicitor who has been referred to this court by the
Law Society for disciplinary offences involving promises to pay and/or the
payment of referral fees to a real estate agent as remuneration for referrals
of conveyancing work. The other cases were _Law Society of Singapore v Tan
Guat Neo Phyllis_ [2007] SGHC 207 (“ _Phyllis Tan_ ”) and _Law Society of
Singapore v Bay Puay Joo Lilian_ [2007] SGHC 208 (“ _Lilian Bay_ ”). There is
also an appeal to the Court of Appeal based on similar facts, _viz_ , _Wong
Keng Leong Rayney v Law Society of Singapore_ [2007] SGCA 42. The respondent
was ensnared by the same estate agent, one Jenny Lee Pei Chuan (“Jenny”), in
one of a series of sting operations set up by one or more conveyancing lawyers
to obtain evidence of such activities against law firms suspected of being
engaged in this kind of unprofessional conduct.

Background

**_The charges_**

3 The respondent was brought before a disciplinary committee (“the DC”)
appointed by the Law Society on the following amended charges:

> > > > > > > _Amended Charge 1_

That you, Liew Boon Kwee, an Advocate and Solicitor of the Supreme Court of
the Republic of Singapore, are charged that, on 17 February 2004, your
employee Tan Jeok Kiow, with your authority and consent, attempted to procure
the employment of the firm ~~Liew~~ Boon Kwee & Co, of which you were a
partner ~~the sole proprietor~~ , to act in relation to the proposed purchase
by one Ronald Tan of the property situate at and known as No. 33, Trevose
Crescent, Singapore 298048 through the instruction of Jenny Lee Pei Chuan, to
whom Tan [Jeok] Kiow promised to give remuneration for obtaining such
employment, and you have thereby breached the provisions of Section 83(2)(e)
of the Legal Profession Act (Cap 161).

> > > > > > _Amended Alternative Charge 1_

That you, Liew Boon Kwee, an Advocate and Solicitor of the Supreme Court of
the Republic of Singapore are charged that, on 17 February 2004, your employee
Tan Jeok Kiow, with your authority and consent, attempted to procure the
employment of the firm of ~~Liew~~ Boon Kwee & Co, of which you were a partner
~~sole proprietor~~ , to act in relation to the proposed purchase by one
Roland Tan of the property situate at and known as No. 33, Trevose Crescent,
Singapore 298048 through the instructions of Jenny Lee Pei Chuan, to whom Tan
[Jeok] Kiow promised to give remuneration for obtaining such employment, and
you are thereby guilty of misconduct unbefitting an advocate and solicitor as
a member of an honourable profession within the meaning of Section 83(2)(h) of
the Legal Profession Act (Cap 161).

> > > > > > > _Amended Charge 2_

That you, Liew Boon Kwee an Advocate and Solicitor of the Supreme Court of the
Republic of Singapore, are charged that, on 24 February 2004, you authorized
or consented to the giving of $250 out of the fees received by your employee,
Tan Jeok Kiow, as legal fees for legal business undertaken from 17 to 24 of
February 2004 in relation to the proposed purchase by one Ronald Tan of the
property situated at and known as No. 33, Trevose Crescent, Singapore 298048
to Jenny Lee Pei Chuan as gratification to her for having procured such legal
business for the firm of ~~Liew~~ Boon Kwee & Co, of which you were a partner
~~the sole proprietor~~ , and you have thereby breached the provisions of
Section 83(2)(d) of the Legal Profession Act (Cap 161).

> > > > > > _Amended Alternative Charge 2_

That you, Liew Boon Kwee, an Advocate and Solicitor of the Supreme Court of
Singapore, are charged that, on 24 February 2004, you authorized or consented
to the giving of $250 out of the fees received by your employee, Tan Jeok
Kiow, as legal fees for legal business undertaken from 17 to 24 of February
2004, in relation to the proposed purchase by one Ronald Tan of the property
situated at and known as No. 33, Trevose Crescent, Singapore 298048, to Jenny
Lee Pei Chuan as gratification to her for having procured such legal business
for the firm of ~~Liew~~ Boon Kwee & Co, of which you were a partner ~~the
sole proprietor~~ , and you are thereby guilty of misconduct unbefitting an
advocate and solicitor as a member of an honourable profession within the
meaning of Section 83(2)(h) of the Legal Profession Act (Cap 161).

**_The facts_**

4 In early February 2004, Jenny, a part-time private investigator and part-
time real estate agent, was engaged by a private investigation agency, _viz_ ,
Dong Security & Investigation Agency (“Dong Security”) (acting under the
instructions of one or more law firms to investigate suspected touting by
certain other law firms for conveyancing work). Acting on a well-conceived
plan, Jenny spoke to one J K Tan (“Tan”), the client services manager of the
respondent’s firm (“the firm”), on 16 February 2004 on the prospect of
referring conveyancing work to the firm for a fee. The next day, on 17
February 2004, Jenny met Tan in the premises of the firm and in the course of
the meeting agreed to instruct the firm to act for one Ronald Tan in relation
to the purchase of a house at 33 Trevose Crescent. At this meeting, Tan had
used the expression “cover fee” to refer to the referral fee that Jenny was
seeking. The firm’s conveyancing manager, one Rachel Low, was present at the
meeting when Tan uttered these words, but she showed no reaction whatsoever to
them. Following this meeting, the firm proceeded with the preliminary
conveyancing work in connection with the purchase transaction. On 24 February
2004, Jenny informed Tan that the sale had been aborted and offered to pay
$500 for the firm’s legal fees, which was eventually settled at $350. As
promised, Tan paid Jenny the sum of $250 for referring the transaction to the
firm.

**_Evidence before the DC_**

5 Unknown to Tan, the telephone conversation of 16 February 2004 and the
conversations at the meetings of 17 and 24 February 2004 had been recorded by
Jenny using an audio/video recorder. These recordings were subsequently
introduced in evidence by the Law Society at the DC proceedings and, together
with the testimony of Jenny, formed the thrust of the Law Society’s case
against the respondent. On his part, the respondent did not dispute that Tan
had made the offer to pay gratification to Jenny or that a sum of $250 had
been paid to Jenny. However, he put forward the defence that Tan acted on a
frolic of his own, without the respondent’s knowledge, consent or authority.
The respondent also objected to the admissibility of the audio/video
recordings relied upon by the Law Society on the ground that they were
“entrapment evidence”.

The DC hearing and findings

6 Prior to the commencement of the DC proceedings, the respondent sought leave
of the High Court to apply for judicial review against the decision of the
inquiry committee (via Originating Summons No 1321 of 2005). However, the
application for leave was dismissed by the court.

**_The parties’ cases_**

7 At the commencement of the DC proceedings, counsel for the respondent raised
preliminary objections to the admissibility of audio/video recordings and
transcripts of the conversations and meetings between Jenny, Tan and Rachel
Low in February 2004. The DC, after hearing submissions from both parties,
ruled that the recordings were admissible as evidence. The Law Society called
three witnesses: (a) Jenny; (b) the director of Dong Security; and (c) the
operations director of Dong Security. Jenny testified on her meetings with Tan
and the recording of their conversations. In the course of the hearing, the DC
also listened to and viewed the audio/video recordings made by Jenny. At the
conclusion of the Law Society’s case, counsel for the respondent made a
submission that there was no case to answer on the grounds that the
audio/video recordings were inadmissible in evidence, that they were
“technically” unreliable, and that Jenny’s evidence did not in any way support
or establish an essential ingredient of the disciplinary charges, _viz_ , that
the respondent had authorised or consented to Tan’s conduct. The DC ruled that
on the evidence there was a _prima facie_ case for the respondent to answer.
However, the respondent elected to remain silent and, further, not to call any
witness to testify on his behalf.

8 In his closing submission, counsel for the Law Society contended that the
evidence showed that there was sufficient cause of gravity for the two charges
to be referred to a court of three judges under s 83 of the Act. In response,
counsel for the respondent reiterated his earlier arguments made in connection
with his submission that there was no case to answer.

**_The DC’s findings_**

9 After hearing the parties, the DC made its findings. The following passage
at para 89 of the DC’s report sets out the findings of the DC:

We were therefore not persuaded by the Respondent’s submissions on the
evidence before us, and applying the dicta of Yong CJ in _Oh Laye Koh ..._ we
accepted the Law Society’s submission that the circumstantial evidence,
coupled with the adverse inferences, pointed to the guilt of the Respondent.
The circumstantial evidence in relation to Tan’s conduct and Rachel’s
awareness/involvement demanded an explanation from the Respondent. His silence
and his failure to call his witnesses to testify was an additional link which
completed the chain of evidence against him. The only “reasonable inference”
we could draw from Tan’s conduct was that he had paid the referral fees with
the authority and consent of the Respondent.

10 The DC determined that the Law Society had proved its case with respect to
Amended Charges 1 and 2 preferred against the respondent and dismissed the
alternative charges. The DC also found that cause of sufficient gravity for
disciplinary action existed under s 83 of the Act. As the DC proceedings
lasted seven days, the DC ordered the respondent to pay the Law Society $5,000
being costs for the preliminary objection, and $60,000 for the proceedings.

The issues before this court

11 Before us, counsel for the respondent contended that the DC had erred in
law and fact in finding against the respondent for the following reasons,
_viz_ , that the DC:

(a) failed to fairly and impartially evaluate the evidence of Jenny before
accepting it;

(b) admitted inadmissible and prejudicial evidence against the respondent;

(c) disallowed the disclosure of the “protected client”, _ie_ , the
instructing solicitor;

(d) held that the respondent had personally authorised or consented to Tan’s
conduct in agreeing to pay and in paying the referral fee to Jenny;

(e) held that the Law Society had discharged the burden of proof beyond a
reasonable doubt;

(f) drew an adverse inference wrongly against the respondent for his election
not to give evidence or to call witnesses;

(g) failed to give sufficient weight to the evidence tendered by the
respondent or the significant doubts raised in the evidence of Jenny on the
innocence of the respondent; and

(h) imposed costs of an unprecedented amount of $65,000 against the
respondent.

We will now consider these arguments in turn, together with the opposing
arguments of the Law Society.

**_The DC’s evaluation of the evidence_**

12 The respondent’s submission under this heading was that the DC was wrong to
find that the Law Society had discharged the burden of proof beyond a
reasonable doubt that the respondent had personally authorised or consented to
his manager, Tan, to agree to pay or to pay a referral fee to Jenny. Counsel
for the respondent took particular objection to the Law Society’s reference to
a “yellow file” which Jenny alleged she had seen in the possession of Tan at
their second meeting and which allegedly contained records of previous
referral fees paid by Tan. The Law Society had relied on this file, which was
not produced before the DC, to argue that there was a systematic operation by
the firm to tout for conveyancing work. Counsel argued that the Law Society
had referred to this file in order to “supplement the gaps” in its case.

13 In our view, the respondent’s complaint has no substance. We agree with the
DC’s evaluation of the evidence. Although counsel for the Law Society readily
conceded that there was no “direct evidence” linking the respondent with the
charges complained of, the DC was able to point to a mass of circumstantial
evidence that cumulatively pointed “inevitably and inexorably” to the guilt of
the respondent. The circumstantial evidence consisted of the following facts:

(a) Tan showed readiness in agreeing to pay referral fees to Jenny during the
telephone conversation on 16 February 2004 where he used the euphemistic
expression “we cover three hundred”.

(b) Tan’s offer to “cover” Jenny (_ie_ , to give referral fees) was made in
the presence of Rachel Low, the conveyancing manager of the firm on 17
February 2004.

(c) Rachel Low did not react at all to Tan’s brazen offer, as she should have
if it had been made on a frolic of his own, as alleged by the respondent.

(d) Tan’s promises to pay the referral fee were made in his capacity as an
employee of the firm, and he made them whilst working in the premises of the
firm.

(e) The audio/video recordings and the transcripts of the conversations
between Jenny and Tan did not show that he was making his offers otherwise
than on behalf of the firm.

(f) The recording and the transcript of the conversation of 17 February 2004
indicate that when Tan referred to “the lawyer” or “the boss” in connection
with the referral fees, he had meant to refer to the respondent and not to
another salaried partner in the firm who had no management authority or
functions.

(g) The recording and the transcript of the conversation of 24 February 2004
indicate that Tan had told Jenny that the respondent was aware that the
referral fee would be paid to her.

(h) Tan informed Jenny on 24 February 2004 that she would be “covered for two
hundred and fifty dollars”.

Accordingly, we reject the respondent’s argument that the DC had failed to
fairly and impartially evaluate the evidence of Jenny before accepting it.

**_Admitting inadmissible and prejudicial evidence_**

_The parties’ arguments_

14 Next, the respondent raised several arguments with respect to the evidence
against him. The first was that the DC failed to determine, before receiving
the audio/video recordings and the transcripts as evidence, whether the Law
Society had discharged the burden of proving that they were admissible or
reliable. It was further argued that:

(a) the recordings were not admissible because the primary evidence, _viz_ ,
the audio recorder and the VCD recorder which purported to record the
conversation, was not produced before the DC;

(b) the Law Society called no expert witnesses to testify; and

(c) the two witnesses called to testify on the making of the transcripts were
tainted witnesses and they also admitted that they had no training in ensuring
that the machines were operating properly and reliably.

The Law Society’s response to this argument was that:

(a) although it could not produce the audio recorder and the VCD recorder, it
did produce the original audio and video tapes;

(b) the DC was only required to satisfy itself of the provenance and history
of the tapes; and

(c) it had called witnesses to testify on the authenticity of the tapes.

The Law Society also submitted that the audio and video tapes (and the related
transcripts) were “documentary evidence”: see Jeffrey Pinsler, _Evidence,
Advocacy and the Litigation Process_ (LexisNexis, 2nd Ed, 2003) at p 226. On
the question of the accuracy of the transcripts, the Law Society pointed out
that counsel for the respondent had conceded before the DC (on 16 May 2006)
that the transcripts of the audio/video recordings reflected accurately what
was recorded in the recordings.

15 Secondly, in relation to the issue of admissibility of the audio/video
tapes and the related transcripts, the respondent argued that the evidence was
obtained by trickery and that it was “entrapment” evidence, and by reason of
the decision of the House of Lords in _Regina_ _v_ _Looseley_ [2001] 1 WLR
2060 (“ _Looseley_ ”) (in which the House of Lords declined to follow _Regina
v Sang_ [1980] AC 402 (“ _Sang_ ”) and decided that any prosecution founded on
entrapment evidence was an abuse of process, to which the court should respond
by staying the relevant proceedings), this court should reconsider the
applicability in Singapore of _Sang._ Counsel for the respondent also argued
that this court should exclude the entrapment evidence on the principle stated
by the High Court in _SM Summit_ _Holdings Ltd v PP_ [1997] 3 SLR 922 (“
_Summit_ ”). In response to this argument, the Law Society submitted that
_Summit_ was distinguishable on the facts and that in _Wong Keng Leong Rayney
v Law Society of Singapore_ [2006] 4 SLR 934 (“ _Rayney Wong_ ”), a similar
case concerning another solicitor, the High Court was of the view that there
was no basis for this court to exercise any discretion to exclude entrapment
or illegally obtained evidence. It was held in _Rayney Wong_ that _Sang_ was
still the law in Singapore (as it had been endorsed by the Court of Appeal in
_How Poh Sun v PP_ [1991] SLR 220).

_Conclusion in relation to the evidence_

16 In our view, the respondent’s arguments in relation to the authenticity and
reliability of the audio/video recordings (and the related transcripts) have
no merit. We agree with the DC’s findings they were authentic and reliable.

17 As for the respondent’s arguments in relation to the admissibility of the
audio/video tapes and the related transcripts, we have earlier mentioned that
this is the third case that has come before us for determination on similar
facts. All the arguments made by the respondent in this appeal have been made
in the previous two cases. We do not propose to repeat our views on these
arguments for two reasons. First, the argument based on _Looseley_ or _Summit_
is not relevant unless the respondent shows that the conduct of Jenny in
procuring the evidence against the respondent was such that it could amount to
entrapment or that the evidence could be considered illegally or improperly
obtained. The respondent has not contended that the evidence obtained by Jenny
against him was either illegally or improperly obtained, other than raising
the argument that the evidence is prejudicial to the respondent as it was
obtained by trickery. As for entrapment, there is also no allegation that
Jenny instigated or pressurised him (Tan) into agreeing to pay the referral
fee or that but for such instigation he would not have agreed to pay such fee.
We should point out that the respondent elected not to give or call any
evidence after his defence was called. In the circumstances, the respondent’s
arguments on entrapment and trickery are irrelevant and we reject the
arguments under this heading accordingly.

**_Disallowing disclosure of identity of “protected client”_**

18 The respondent’s next contention was that the entrapment was done pursuant
to the dishonest and unlawful conduct of Jenny’s “protected client” and that
the DC was wrong in not disclosing the identity of this person so that he
could be cross-examined on his motive in entrapping the respondent. In para 77
of its report, the DC considered the relevance of this argument in the light
of counsel’s submission that all he wanted to find out was whether Jenny was
instructed to approach the respondent with the purpose of procuring evidence
of the commission of an offence by the respondent and then to use the evidence
against the respondent. In this connection, counsel referred to the decision
in _Summit_ as the basis of his argument. In response, the Law Society relied
on the decision of the High Court in _Rayney Wong_ ([15] _supra_) where it was
held that the DC in that case did not err in not ordering the disclosure of
the identity of the instructing solicitor.

19 Having regard to the reason given by counsel for the respondent for wanting
to know the identity of Dong Security’s client, we are of the view that the DC
was correct in rejecting the respondent’s request. The respondent was merely
fishing for evidence of the motive of the “protected client”, which, in any
case, we have held to be irrelevant in the disciplinary proceedings in another
case in this series of cases: see _Phyllis Tan_ ([2] _supra_) at [51].

**_No_ prima facie _evidence that the respondent had authorised payment_**

20 The respondent argued that the Law Society had failed to discharge the
burden of proving that the respondent had personally authorised or consented
to the conduct of Tan on 17 February 2004 when he agreed to pay Jenny a
referral fee.

21 The DC’s finding on this argument is found at para 37 of its report as
follows:

Applying the principles in _Haw Tua Tau_ [_v PP_ [1980-1981] SLR 73] and [_PP
v_] _Oh Laye Koh_ [[1994] 2 SLR 385], based on the totality of the evidence
before us, in particular, the conduct of Tan and the knowledge of Rachel in
respect of the giving of referral fees, we accepted the Law Society’s
submission that a reasonable inference to be drawn (subject to rebuttal
evidence by the Respondent) was that the Respondent, as the sole equity
partner of a two-man practice, had authorised or consented to the practice of
giving referral fees to real estate agents by Tan. We were therefore of the
view that there was a case for the Respondent to answer.

We agree with the DC on this finding.

**_The Law Society has not discharged the burden of proof beyond a reasonable
doubt_**

22 Another argument of counsel for the respondent was essentially that there
was no direct evidence that the respondent had authorised Tan to agree to pay
the referral fee and that the DC was wrong in holding that he had given such
authority. The test is that the inference must be irresistible before it can
be drawn, and this is not the case here because the DC relied on a non-
existent “yellow file” to supplement the gaps in the Law Society’s evidence
and arrive at the conclusion that there was a “systematic operation” by the
firm to tout. It was also argued that the DC erred in holding that the
respondent’s election not to give evidence or to call witnesses in his defence
amounted to an “additional link” and pointed “inevitably and inexorably” to
his guilt.

23 The Law Society’s arguments in response were as follows. The circumstantial
evidence on which the DC relied showed that the respondent was guilty of the
disciplinary charges and that Tan had conducted a systematic touting
operation. The Law Society pointed out that when Jenny first spoke to Tan on
16 February 2004, the latter boasted that he had just paid another agent more
than $3,000 and that the agent had referred more than 30 cases to him. It
should be noted that the respondent has elected not to call Tan to deny the
contents of this conversation.

24 In our view, the respondent’s argument has no substance (see [12] above).

**_Drawing adverse inferences against the respondent_**

_The parties’ arguments_

25 In substance, the argument of counsel for the respondent was that the DC’s
adverse inference that the election of the respondent not to give evidence or
call his witness “pointed inevitably and inexorably to his guilt” was
misconceived. Counsel argued that the DC failed to fairly and impartially
consider the explanations given by the respondent for his decision to elect
not to testify and not to call other evidence on his behalf. He contended that
the respondent was entitled to elect not to give evidence and that the whole
of the Law Society’s case was based solely on extrapolations and speculation,
bordering on “suspicion” that the respondent must have authorised or consented
to the conduct of Tan. Furthermore, no consideration was given to Tan’s
admission that he was acting on a frolic of his own, which would have
supported the respondent’s argument that more than one reasonable inference
could have been elicited from the factual matrix, and that in those
circumstances, the inference most sympathetic to the respondent ought to have
been accepted. Another criticism of the DC’s finding was that the DC had
“dropped the mantle of a judge” and “assumed the robe of the Law Society’s
counsel” by formulating a “train of inquiry”, that would have inevitably led
to the respondent being found guilty of the charges if he had given evidence
in the proceedings. Lastly, it was submitted that the DC had misconstrued and
misapplied the principles stated in _Oh Laye Koh v PP_ [1994] SGCA 102, in
holding that the respondent’s silence and failure to call his witnesses to
testify was _an additional link_ which completed the chain of evidence against
him.

26 In response, counsel for the Law Society submitted that the DC was correct
in relying on _Oh Laye Koh v PP_ as authority for the proposition that the
silence of the respondent could be regarded as the additional link to complete
the chain of evidence against him. Counsel for the Law Society further argued
that the respondent was not entitled to rely upon his written explanation,
Tan’s statutory declaration, as well as the affidavits of Rachel Low and
Raghbir Singh (a salaried partner of the respondent’s firm at the material
time), as none of them testified in the proceedings. In any case, counsel for
the Law Society submitted that the evidence of the audio/video recordings
together with the respondent’s refusal to give evidence and call any other
witnesses to rebut the inference (drawn from his failure to testify), was
sufficient to discharge the burden of proving the disciplinary charges beyond
a reasonable doubt.

_Conclusion in relation to the Law Society’s decision to draw adverse
inferences_

27 We agree with the submissions of the Law Society. We cannot find anything
wrong in principle with the decision of the DC to draw an adverse inference
against the respondent for failing to give evidence on oath. In our view, the
DC was entitled to draw the inference that the respondent had authorised or
consented to Tan agreeing to pay and subsequently paying the referral fee to
Jenny. If Tan had been acting on a frolic of his own, the respondent could
have said so on oath, but he elected not to do so. He could also have called
Tan to testify to the same effect, and also that the euphemistic expressions
he had used to indicate the reward payable to Jenny did not mean what an
ordinary or reasonable person would have understood them to mean.

28 We also agree with the submission of the Law Society that the respondent’s
affidavit, Tan’s statutory declaration and the affidavits of Rachel Low and
Raghbir Singh could not be regarded as evidence for the purpose of the DC
proceedings. It is necessary to point out that the DC proceedings were oral
proceedings and that affidavits filed in such proceedings are not evidence
unless the parties agree otherwise. By not testifying and not calling
witnesses to testify on his behalf, the respondent has in fact called no
evidence at all. In the circumstances, we see no reason to disagree with the
findings of fact of the DC.

**_Excessive hearing costs_**

29 The respondent complained that the costs awarded against him by the DC were
unprecedented in amount and that the DC had erred in principle and on the
facts in doing so. However, apart from making this assertion, counsel for the
respondent has not shown where the DC had gone wrong. Having regard to the
discretionary power of the DC under s 103 of the Act to make an order of the
costs of and incidental to all proceedings under s 98, 100 or 102 of the Act
against the respondent, we have no alternative but to reject the respondent’s
argument on the issue of costs.

Our decision

30 For the reasons given above, we find that the disciplinary charges under
Amended Charges 1 and 2 have been proved against the respondent and
accordingly make absolute the show cause order. This leaves us with the
question as to the appropriate penalty to be imposed on the respondent.

**_Penalty to be imposed_**

31 In this connection, we refer to our judgment in _Lilian Bay_ ([2] _supra_)
at [46] to [50], where we considered the relevant factors to be taken into
account in order to determine the appropriate penalty to impose in a case of
touting of the same nature. In the present case, there is some evidence that
the scale of touting that the respondent had engaged in through Tan was more
serious than what the lawyer in _Lilian Bay_ was found to have done.
Furthermore, as opposed to the case in _Lilian Bay_ , the referral fees were
actually paid out in the present case. In the circumstances, we consider that
a period of suspension from practice of 12 months with immediate effect would
be appropriate to impose on the respondent and we so order. The respondent
must also pay the costs of the Law Society in this application and in the
proceedings before the DC.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 04 Dec 2007 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

