Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Tan Hee Liang v Chief Assessor and Another  
[2007] SGHC 210

Case Number | : | OS 2274/2006  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 05 December 2007  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Andrew Ang J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Tan Hee Joek (Drew & Napier LLC) for the appellant; Julia Mohamed (Inland Revenue Authority of Singapore) for the respondents   
Parties | : |  Tan Hee Liang — Chief Assessor; Comptroller of Property Tax   
  
Revenue Law – Property tax – Annual value – Whether Chief Assessor correct in
not excluding from gross rental the contributions payable towards sinking fund
and special levy – Sections 2(1), 2(7) Property Tax Act (Cap 254, 2005 Rev Ed)  
  

5 December 2007 |  Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Andrew Ang J:

1 The Appellant is the owner of a commercial unit #01-03 (“the property”)
located within a shopping complex, City Plaza, at 810 Geylang Road, Singapore
409286. As such he pays separate quarterly contributions to a management fund
(referred to by the parties as contributions to “maintenance”), sinking fund
and a special levy imposed by the City Plaza Management Corporation Strata
Title Plan No 669 (“the MCST”).

2 The property was let to a tenant at a monthly rental (“the gross rental”) of
$4,000 making an annual rental of $48,000. Under cl 30(b) of the Agreement,
the landlord was to bear all rates, assessments, property tax (but not goods
and services tax) and all other outgoings imposed upon or payable in respect
of the property and to insure the same against fire.

3 It is common ground between the Appellant and the Chief Assessor that there
is deemed included in the gross rental the contributions made by the Appellant
towards maintenance, the sinking fund and the special levy.

4 In assessing the annual value of the property at $45,600, the Chief Assessor
allowed to be excluded the contribution towards maintenance of approximately
$2,400 payable by the Appellant but not those towards the sinking fund and the
special levy.

5 Upon appeal, the Valuation Review Board (“the Board”) upheld the assessment
of the Chief Assessor. Being dissatisfied with the Board’s decision, the
Appellant brought the appeal before me.

6 The sole issue in this case was whether, in arriving at the annual value,
the Chief Assessor was correct in not excluding from the gross rental the
contributions payable towards the sinking fund and the special levy.

7 Section 2(1) of the Property Tax Act (Cap 254, 2005 Rev Ed) (“the PTA”)
defines annual value as follows:

“annual value” —

(a) in relation to a house or building or land or tenement, not being a wharf,
pier, jetty or landing-stage, means the gross amount at which the same can
reasonably be expected to be let from year to year, **_the landlord paying_
_the_ _expenses of repair,_ insurance _, maintenance or upkeep_** and all
taxes (other than goods and services tax) ... [emphasis added]

8 The effect of that definition is that the landlord may be assumed to
include, within the rental charged to the tenant, an amount to recoup his
expenses of repair, insurance, maintenance or upkeep of the premises let.

9 If, apart from letting the property to the tenant the landlord were to
provide services (_eg_ , cleaning, air-conditioning and security services) to
the tenant, his cost of providing such services ought not to be included as
though they were in respect of the letting. If a gross rental was charged
which included such services, the cost of providing such services (together
with an element of profit thereon) may be excluded from the gross rental in
order to arrive at the annual value. This was decided in _Chartered Bank v The
City Council of Singapore_ [1959-1986] SPTC 1 (“ _Chartered Bank_ ”). In that
case, the High Court heard an appeal against assessments made by The City
Council of certain premises let by the bank to tenants. The City Council had
assessed each unit based on the gross rent received. The High Court allowed to
be deducted from the gross rent, the expenses incurred by the landlord for
watchmen, cleaning, lifts, air-conditioning and supervision. In addition, the
court allowed a further deduction of 15% of those costs to allow for a
reasonable return to the landlord for the provision of those services. Also
allowed was a deduction in respect of depreciation of the air-conditioning
plant and ducting, lift and fire extinguishers.

10 In _Bell Property Trust Ltd v Hampstead Assessment Committee_ [1940] 2 KB
543 (“ _Bell Property Trust_ ”), the appellants were the owners of a block of
flats let to tenants under agreements providing for payment by the tenant of a
comprehensive sum, described as rent, for the occupation of the flat and the
benefit of the services and amenities such as constant hot water, central
heating provided by the landlord for all their tenants. The English Court of
Appeal held that the cost to the appellants of providing the services was
deductible from the gross payments made by the tenants for the purpose of
arriving at the “gross value” of each flat for insertion in the valuation
list. (As defined “gross value” in s 4 of the Valuation (Metropolis) Act 1869
broadly corresponds with “annual value” under s 2(1) of the PTA.) The court
also held that such deductions might properly include (a) an allowance for a
reasonable profit to the appellants on the provision of such services, and (b)
the cost of repairs to and maintenance of the parts of the building not
demised to the tenants, such as passages, stairs, lifts and staff rooms.

11 Goddard LJ who delivered the judgment of the court distinguished between
the rent payable for the use and occupation of the premises and payment for
services and amenities provided by the landlord (at 554):

… Here we have a gross sum paid by the tenant not only for the occupation of
the flat, but also for the various services and amenities provided. We can see
no difference in principle between such a case as this and the letting of a
furnished flat. In the latter case the law is well settled that you must
ascertain how much is paid in respect of the furniture and the things in no
way forming part of the rateable premises, such as rates, which are usually
paid by a landlord who lets furnished, and the remainder represents the rent
of the house itself, for which it is rateable: _Reg_ v _Lee_. Exactly to the
same effect is Lord Fleming’s opinion in _M’Ewan_ v _Glasgow Assessor_ , where
the question for decision was much the same as in the present case. He said:
“The yearly rent or value of a flat …. was the proportion of the gross rent
paid to the owner which could fairly be attributed to the occupation of the
heritable subject.” Having then pointed out that the gross rent, by which he
means the actual sum paid by the tenant, includes various services, he
continues: “The tenants periodically pay a lump sum for the personal services
and for the use of the heritable subject, and the problem, accordingly, is to
ascertain the proportion of the cumulo payment which effeirs to the heritable
subject.” From these cases, with which we entirely agree, it appears that not
only did the rating surveyors and the assessment committee approach the
problem correctly, but so did quarter sessions. They set out to find what
proportion of the sums reserved by the leases as rent represented the value of
the services and amenities provided by the lessors, and deducting that and the
rates, the balance left represented the true gross value. The hypothetical
tenant, of course, is not concerned with what it costs the landlord to provide
these services; he considers only what he can afford to pay for the sum of
what he gets, that is, a flat to live in, together with such services and
other attractions as may be offered. A man who feels he can pay a rent of
about 250 _l_., and has been paying that in an old-fashioned flat with open
fireplaces, and where the water has to be heated in the kitchen, may well feel
that he can pay, say, 275 _l_. or 300 _l_. for one in which he will be
provided with domestic hot water and central heating. He would not concern
himself with what it cost the landlord to provide those services, but it is
none the less true that what he pays for the use of the flat itself is the
rent reserved less a proper remuneration to the landlord for providing him
with hot water at his taps and in his radiators. … [footnotes omitted]

12 In _BCH Retail Investment Pte Ltd v Chief Assessor_ [2002] 4 SLR 844 (“
_BCH No_ _1_ ” _)_ , the issue was whether contributions made by tenants of
shop units in a shopping centre towards the landlord’s expenses incurred for
advertising and promotion of the shopping centre (“A&P contributions”) were to
be excluded in the ascertainment of annual value. Lee Seiu Kin JC concluded
from an examination of _Bell Property Trust_ ([10] _supra_) as follows (at
[14]):

From this it can be seen that the concept of rent in respect of annual value
concerns the use or occupation of the heritable subject and this is separate
from the provision of other services and amenities.

In line with the earlier cases, Lee JC held that the provision of advertising
and promotion activities (“A&P activities”) by the landlord was, for purposes
of determination of the annual value, no different from the provision of other
services as in _Chartered Bank_ ([9] _supra_) and _Bell Property Trust_ ([10]
_supra_).

13 A point of interest that arose in the case was whether the A&P
contributions were _bona fide_ incurred. Understandably, the Chief Assessor
was concerned that the annual value should not be artificially reduced by
fictitious or extravagant claims of services provided. The court held that it
was for the landlord to satisfy the Chief Assessor that the services were in
fact provided and that the costs of providing them were reasonably incurred.
However, on the facts of that case, Lee JC was able to conclude that the A&P
contributions were reasonable, given that the landlord spent a much greater
sum on A&P activities.

14 There was a sequel to _BCH No 1_ ([12] _supra_) and it came in the form of
a claim by the owner of the shopping centre that its actual expenses incurred
in A&P activities (rather than the A&P contributions only) were properly
deductible from its gross rental for the purpose of arriving at the annual
value. This was rejected by the Chief Assessor whose decision was upheld by
the High Court. Before the Court of Appeal in _BCH Retail Investment v Chief
Assessor_ [2007] 2 SLR 580 (“ _BCH No 2_ ”), the owner maintained that as long
as the A&P expenses had been reasonably incurred, they ought, as a matter of
principle, to be deducted from the gross rental received to arrive at the
annual value.

15 The Court of Appeal dismissed the appeal. It held that as the definition of
annual value under s 2 of the PTA focussed on the element of rent and letting,
only such elements could be included in the annual value of any given
property. It followed that “any expenses that [were] not related to elements
of rent or letting ought _not_ to be taken into account in the computation of
annual value”: _per_ Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA at [19]. There are, in my
view, two aspects to this last statement.

16 First, if the gross rent payable by the tenant included (apart from those
landlord’s expenses described in the definition of annual value) payment for
anything unrelated to the rent or letting, it ought to be excluded in the
determination of annual value. This explains the decision in _Chartered Bank_
([9] _supra_) and _BCH No_ _1_ ([12] _supra_). The exclusion is not limited to
payment for the types of services provided in those two cases. If, for
example, the gross rental included payment for the use of a car, there is no
doubt that an amount properly attributable to payment for the use of the car
ought to be excluded. On the other hand, notwithstanding that it might be
common ground between the landlord and the tenant that the gross rental
included payment for something unrelated to the letting or rent, if in truth
the tenant derived no service or benefit in respect of that payment, no
exclusion should be allowed. In such a case, the consideration for such a
payment must be the letting inasmuch as a payment for a fictitious service or
benefit should not go to reduce the annual value.

17 The second aspect to the statement ([15] above) is that it is impermissible
to deduct from the gross rental the landlord’s expenses in the provision of
any service or benefit to the tenant beyond the amounts agreed or found to be
incorporated in the gross rental. As, _ex hypothesi_ , only the latter amount
was included in the gross rental, that same amount only should be excluded.

18 In _BCH No_ _2_ ([14] _supra_), the appellant’s contention was flawed and
betrayed a confusion of the process of ascertaining “income” for income tax
purposes with that in the determination of annual value for property tax
purposes. In the ascertainment of “income” for income tax purposes, there are
specific provisions in the Income Tax Act (Cap 134, 2004 Rev Ed) allowing
deduction for outgoings and expenses incurred by the taxpayer in the
production of income. For property tax purposes, however, “annual value” of a
property is, by definition, in s 2(1) of the PTA, the gross amount at which
the property can reasonably be expressed to be let from year to year, _the
landlord paying the expenses of repair, insurance, maintenance or upkeep and
relevant taxes_.

19 As noted earlier ([8] above), the effect of incorporating the words in
italics above is to factor into this hypothetical rental an amount which, it
may be assumed, the landlord would seek to recoup for his expenses in relation
thereto. Thus, for the purpose of determining annual value, it may be said
that there is indirectly _included_ the landlord’s aforesaid expenses. Nothing
else is to be included. Therefore, where there has been included in the gross
rental, payment for services or other benefits provided by the landlord to the
tenant over and above the letting of the premises for the use and occupation
of the tenant, such payment should be excluded for the purpose of ascertaining
annual value. It is clear from the definition of “annual value” that these
payments ought not to be included as they do not relate to the rent or
letting. Hence, the exclusion. It also follows from the definition that if the
landlord were to spend more in the provision of these extraneous services than
what he charged the tenant for the services, he could not deduct these
expenses beyond what had been built into the gross rental for payment by the
tenant. To differentiate between the two processes, the Court of Appeal
preferred the use of the concept of “exclusion” rather than “deduction” as it
more accurately described the process of arriving at the annual value.

20 Returning to the case before me, the reasoning of the Board may be
summarised as follows:

(a) The sinking fund and the special levy are collected for purposes beyond
the provision of services or profit on those services. Thus payment into the
sinking fund and the special levy “do not fall within the categories decided
by _Chartered Bank_ ([9] _supra_) or [_BCH No_ _1_] ([12] _supra_)”.

(b) It was impermissible for the Appellant, relying on _Bell Property Trust_
([10] _supra_), to extend the service charge exception established by
_Chartered Bank_ ([9] _supra_) and _BCH No_ _1_ ([12] _supra_). _Bell Property
Trust_ ([10] _supra_) was decided prior to the introduction of the commonhold
system (the English equivalent of our strata titles system) and is
inapplicable to our strata titles system in so far as the judgment in that
case assumed that only the payments for the area within the apartment may be
taken into account and therefore differentiated between rent paid for actual
occupation of the flat from the remuneration for the benefit of services and
amenities provided by the landlord. The Board was also of the view that
Goddard LJ was relying upon such assumption when he held that the cost of
repairs to “common parts” was deductible.

(c) To differentiate the maintenance of the common parts from that within the
four walls of the strata unit would be out of sync with the PTA, the Land
Titles (Strata) Act (Cap 158, 1999 Rev Ed) (“LTSA”) and the Court of Appeal’s
decision in _Management Corporation Strata Title Plan Nos_ _1298 and 1304 v
Chief Assessor and Comptroller of Property Tax_ [2006] 4 SLR 404 (“
_Centrepoint Shopping Centre_ ”).

21 Relying upon _BCH No_ _2_ ([14] _supra_), the Appellant submitted that the
relevant criterion for determining whether a sum payable by a tenant is to be
excluded in the determination of annual value is whether such payment is
unrelated to the elements of rent or letting and not whether such payment is
for “services”. He therefore submitted that, as the contributions to sinking
fund and the special levy relate to the common property and not the strata lot
in question, they should be excluded.

22 The Appellant further submitted that the third reason of the Board
summarised in [20(c)] above, far from being supported by the Court of Appeal’s
decision in _Centrepoint Shopping Centre_ ([20(c)] _supra_) referred to
therein, was actually contrary to the decision in that case. According to the
Appellant, the Board’s reasoning was based on an argument advanced by the
respondent that since “each individual subsidiary proprietor has ownership
over the common property, they (_sic_) should also bear any maintenance or
repair to such areas, and therefore such costs ought to be included in the
assessment of the annual value of individual strata lots”.

23 The respondent had cited the Court of Appeal’s statement (in [10] of the
judgment) where the court stated:

[W]e would accept that, in practice, the determination of the annual value of
a lot would almost inevitably take account of the enjoyment to be derived from
facilities and amenities forming part of the common property even though no
specific value would be separately ascribed to such facilities and amenities.
After all, it is unrealistic to suggest that (following the definition of
“annual value” in s 2(1) of the PTA) “the gross amount at which [a lot] can
reasonably be expected to be let from year to year” will not have implied
therein some value for the enjoyment to be derived from at least some parts of
the common property.

From there the respondent then argued that it followed –

… as a matter of logic, that if some value from the enjoyment of common
property ought to be taken into account in the determination of annual value
of a strata lot, any expenses incurred in the course of maintaining or
repairing such areas should also be borne by the individual strata lot owner.
As such, a deduction for contributions to the maintenance and repair of common
areas should not be allowed.

The Appellant submitted that the Court of Appeal was merely observing a fact
or practical reality and the conclusion sought to be drawn by the respondent
therefrom was unwarranted. The Appellant drew attention instead to the Court
of Appeal’s holding that the words “property which comprises a lot” in s 2(7)
of the PTA refer only to the strata lot and that the strata lot and common
property are mutually exclusive. From there the Appellant reasoned that as
contributions to the sinking fund and special levy were in respect of the
common property, they ought to be excluded from the gross rental in the
determination of annual value.

Analysis

24 I shall start by considering the opposing views of counsel as to the effect
of the Court of Appeal’s decision in _Centrepoint Shopping Centre_ ([20(c)]
_supra_). In that case, the management corporation of a shopping complex (“the
MCST” or “the appellant”) licensed various parties to use certain areas in the
common property (“the Spaces”) for a fee. The Chief Assessor included the
Spaces in the Valuation List for the assessment of property tax and the
Comptroller of Property Tax duly issued notices of assessment in respect of
each of those Spaces. The MCST appealed without success to the Valuation
Review Board and thence to the High Court where it fared no better. Upon the
MCST’s further appeal, the question to be considered by the Court of Appeal
was, as below, whether the Spaces in the shopping complex were exigible to
property tax. This involved an interpretation of s 2(7) of the PTA which
provides:

In assessing the annual value of **_any property which comprises a lot the
title of which is issued under the Land Titles (Strata) Act_** (Cap. 158) –

(a) the subsidiary proprietor of the lot shall be deemed to be the owner
thereof;

(b) the annual value of the lot shall be determined as if that lot comprised a
freehold estate in land; and

(c) no separate annual value shall be attributed to the land upon which the
subdivided building stands.

[emphasis added]

25 Counsel for the MCST argued that on a true construction, the subject matter
of s 2(7), _ie_ , “property which comprises a lot the title of which is issued
under the Land Titles (Strata) Act” was not limited to a strata lot. He
contended that the property whose annual value was to be assessed was property
which included the relevant share of the common property owned by the
subsidiary proprietor of the lot. If counsel was correct, it would have meant
that once all the strata lots within the shopping complex had been assessed to
property tax, the common property would also have been assessed to property
tax indirectly under the assessment of the strata lots. Therefore no further
assessment could be raised against the Spaces. The Court of Appeal rejected
that contention and held after comparing s 2(7) of the PTA with s 3(1) of the
LTSA that the strata lot and the common property were mutually exclusive so
that there was no impediment to raising the assessments against the Spaces. It
reasoned at [6]:

“Common property” as defined in s 3(1) of the Land Titles (Strata) Act (Cap
158, 1999 Rev Rd) (“LTSA”) means:

(a) in relation to any land and building comprised or to be comprised in a
strata title plan, such part of the land and building —

(i) _not comprised in any lot_ or proposed lot in that strata title plan …

The similarity in the language of s 2(7) of the PTA and this definition rules
out the construction advanced by counsel for the appellant. In the same way
that the definition of “common property” excludes property comprised in any
lot, “property which comprises a lot” in s 2(7) of the PTA excludes common
property; they are mutually exclusive.

[emphasis added]

26 _En passant_ , the Court of Appeal did allow that it was unrealistic to
suggest that (following the definition of “annual value” in s 2(1) of the PTA)
“the gross amount at which [a lot] can reasonably be expected to be let” will
not have taken into account the enjoyment to be derived from facilities and
amenities afforded by the common property. However, that was far from
supporting the contention of the appellant in that case that the annual value
of each strata lot included a proportion of the gross amount at which the
common property could be let. Accordingly, the Court of Appeal held that
property tax was chargeable where, instead of being held for enjoyment in
common by all occupants of strata lots, parts of the common property were let
or licensed for a fee.

27 In the light of the above, the reasoning of the Board (that “[t]o
differentiate the maintenance of the common parts from that within the four
walls of the strata unit would be out of sync with the approach of the LTSA,
PTA and the Court of Appeal”) is, with respect, inconsistent with the decision
of the Court of Appeal in _Centrepoint Shopping Centre_ ([20(c)] _supra_).

28 The Chief Assessor’s argument (that since “each individual subsidiary
proprietor has ownership over the common property, they should also bear any
maintenance or repair to such areas, and **_therefore such costs ought to be
included in the assessment of the annual value of the individual strata
lots_** ”) [emphasis added] is similarly untenable. That all subsidiary
proprietors have to bear their share of maintenance and repair costs for the
common property is a truism; it is specifically provided for in the Building
Maintenance and Strata Management Act 2004 (“BMSM Act”). What is difficult to
understand is how the italicised conclusion follows from that premise. It
appears to me to be a _non sequitur_. Ironically, such a contention also
appears similar to the argument of the Appellant ([25] above) in _Centrepoint
Shopping Centre_ ([20(c)] _supra_) which the Chief Assessor successfully
resisted.

29 With regard to the reasoning of the Board in [20(b)] above, I do not think
_Bell Property Trust_ ([10] _supra_) can be said to be inapplicable in the
context of our strata titles system. It was followed by our High court in _BCH
No_ _1_ ([12] _supra_) and referred to by our Court of Appeal in _BCH No_ _2_
([14] _supra_) as being consonant with the principle of exclusion enunciated
in their judgment. The fact that under the strata titles system, the common
property is owned by all the subsidiary proprietors as tenants-in-common in
proportion to their respective share value does not, to my mind, blur the
distinction between the tenanted premises (_ie_ , the strata lot) and the
common property. As we earlier noted from s 2(7) of the PTA and the decision
of the Court of Appeal in _Centrepoint Shopping Centre_ ([20(c)] _supra_), the
“annual value” of the strata lot still refers only to the gross amount at
which that strata lot can reasonably be expected to be let; the expenses of
repair, insurance, maintenance or upkeep, _etc_ , which may be included in
such gross amount, all relate to the strata lot. I move on to consider the
Board’s reasoning in [20(a)].

30 In my opinion, the Board took too restrictive a view when it limited
allowable “deductions” to what it called the “service charge exception”
established by _Chartered Bank_ ([9] _supra_) and _BCH No_ _1_ ([12] _supra_).
At the time of its decision, it did not have the benefit of the Court of
Appeal’s decision in _BCH No_ _2_ ([14]  _supra_) which came later. That
decision, as I earlier noted, makes clear that what is to be excluded in the
determination of annual value is remuneration of any kind paid by the tenant
which is unrelated to the elements of rent or letting.

31 On that basis, it ought to follow that no principled distinction could be
drawn between contributions to the management fund or (as the parties call it)
maintenance contributions (which the Chief Assessor allowed to be excluded)
and those to the sinking fund or the special levy (which he disallowed). All
of them are unrelated to the elements of rent or letting of the property, _ie_
, the strata lot. But, as was discussed earlier ([13] and [16] above), there
is the further requirement that the payment by the tenant must, in _character_
and _quantum_ , be _bona fide_ in return for something other than the use and
occupation of the property; if the payment, or any part of it, is not, then
there is no justification for excluding the payment or (as the case may be)
the relevant part from the gross rental in arriving at the annual value. This
calls for some elaboration.

32 With regard to the _character_ of the contribution borne by the tenant, the
management fund, the sinking fund and special levy must be collected for
purposes which may reasonably be said to be of service or benefit to the
tenant before their exclusion from the gross rental is permitted. The
difficulty is that the funds may not be exclusively for such purposes. Take,
for example, the management fund. Under s 39(1) of the BMSM Act, one of the
purposes for which moneys in the management fund may be used is the payment of
insurance premiums. As can be seen from s 71 of the BMSM Act, the management
corporation is required to effect insurance –

(a) in respect of any occurrence against which it is required by law to
insure, including that required under the Workmen’s Compensation Act (Cap 254,
1998 Rev Ed);

(b) in respect of damage to property, death or bodily injury occurring upon
the common property for which the management corporation could become liable
in damages; and

(c) against the possibility of the subsidiary proprietors becoming jointly
liable by reason of a claim arising in respect of any other occurrence against
which the management corporation, pursuant to a resolution, decides to insure.

It can be seen that such insurance benefits the management corporation and the
subsidiary proprietors but not the tenant. Strictly, therefore, any part of
the contribution to the management fund that is applied towards the payment of
the insurance premium should not be excluded from the gross rental.

33 Consider also s 70 of the BMSM Act. This section requires the management
corporation to keep every subdivided building insured under a “damage policy”
to provide for its rebuilding and replacement or repair in the event of its
destruction or damage. To the extent that such insurance is for the benefit of
the strata lot and therefore within the definition of annual value, it ought
not to be excluded.

34 Be that as it may, since the Chief Assessor has allowed the exclusion of
contributions to the management fund, I need go no further. I therefore go on
to consider the sinking fund.

35 Section 29(1)(_b_) of the BMSM Act imposes a duty on the management
corporation to “** _properly maintain and keep in a state of good and
serviceable repair_** ” (and, where reasonably necessary, renew or replace
wholly or in part) the common property and, _inter alia_ :

(i) any fixture or fitting comprised or fitting comprised in the common
property; or

(ii) any fixture or fitting comprised in any strata lot but intended to be
used for the servicing or enjoyment of the common property.

Section 29(1)(_d_), however, goes beyond maintenance and repair, and obliges
the management corporation, when directed by a special resolution,

[T]o install or provide **_additional_** facilities or make **_improvements_**
to the common property **_for the benefit of the subsidiary proprietors_**
constituting the management corporation. [emphasis added]

36 In line therewith, under s 38(4) read with s 39(2) of the BMSM Act, the
contributions towards the sinking fund may be used for **_improvements_** to
the common property and the **_acquisition of movable property_**. Unlike
painting, repairs to the common property or renewal or replacement of fixtures
and fittings where necessary (as envisaged in s 29(1)(_b_) of the BMSM Act),
expenditure from the sinking fund could extend to the installation of
additional facilities or the making of improvements to the common property for
the benefit of the subsidiary proprietors constituting the management
corporation (as envisaged in s 29(1)(_d_) of the BMSM Act). Contributions
towards expenditure for the former would qualify for exclusion in the same way
that

(a) in _Bell Property Trust_ ([10] _supra_) the cost of repairs to and
maintenance of the parts of the building not demised to the tenants were
allowed; and

(b) in _Chartered Bank_ ([9] _supra_) depreciation of the air-conditioning
plant and ducting and the lift and fire extinguishers were allowed.

37 On the other hand, contributions towards expenditure for the latter (_ie_ ,
additional facilities and improvements) would, in my view, not qualify for
exclusion as they are, principally at least, for the benefit of the subsidiary
proprietors. The burden of such capital outlay is properly that of the
subsidiary proprietor (_ie_ , the landlord) rather than the tenant. Except
where such additional facilities and improvements were installed or effected
promptly so that the tenant derived some benefit (which in any event would be
small compared to what the subsidiary proprietor gained), the tenant would
receive no consideration in respect of his contribution to such expenditure;
the contribution would therefore be referable to the use and occupation of the
tenanted property. It follows that his contribution towards such expenditure
ought rightly to be included in the gross rental.

38 Even where the sinking fund is to be used for a purpose for which exclusion
is permissible, the _quantum_ of the contribution attributable to such purpose
must be reasonable. I shall illustrate by reference to _Chartered Bank_ ([9]
_supra_). In that case, depreciation for the lift was allowed on the basis
that its estimated useful life of 15 years was reasonable. Therefore, the cost
of the lift was amortised over a 15-year period. If the landlord had sought
depreciation on the basis of an unreasonably short useful life of, say, only
five years thus resulting in a larger sum being claimed for depreciation each
year, it would have been disallowed.

39 In summary, on principle, contributions to the sinking fund borne by the
tenant may be excluded from the gross rental provided that, in _character_ and
_quantum_ , they are _bona fide_ unrelated to the elements of rent or letting,
_ie_ , that they are in return for something other than the use and occupation
of the tenanted strata lot. It is for the Appellant to show to the reasonable
satisfaction of the Chief Assessor which parts of the contribution to the
sinking fund are intended for purposes for which exclusion is permissible on
the basis I have outlined.

40 The same reasoning applies to the special levy. The collection of this levy
over a period of three years, from July 2005 to June 2008, is for external
**_upgrading_** works. Capital outlay for upgrading works enure to the benefit
of the subsidiary proprietor and ought properly to be borne by the landlord
rather than the tenant. Although the tenant bears the contribution to the
special levy, he receives no consideration other than the use and occupation
of the tenanted property. Even if such upgrading is completed during the term
of the tenancy, the benefit the tenant derives therefrom would be
insignificant compared to the lasting benefit gained by the landlord. As such,
it is appropriate that the gross rental includes such contribution. In other
words, no exclusion should be allowed.

41 For the foregoing reasons, the appeal is dismissed with costs.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 05 Dec 2007 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

