Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Mitsui OSK Lines Ltd v Samudera Shipping Line Ltd  
[2007] SGHC 41

Case Number | : | Suit 445/2006, SUM 438/2007  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 30 March 2007  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Choo Han Teck J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Leong Kah Wah (Rajah & Tann) for the plaintiff; Chan Leng Sun (Ang & Partners) for the defendant   
Parties | : |  Mitsui OSK Lines Ltd — Samudera Shipping Line Ltd   
  
30 March 2007 |  Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Choo Han Teck J:

1 This was an application by the defendant to strike out the plaintiff’s
action in this suit. On 15 June 2006, the plaintiff together with another
company namely, Mitsui OSK Lines (SEA) Pte Ltd commenced arbitration
proceedings against the defendant, claiming damages for breach of contract and
in negligence in tort. In the contract of carriage in question, Mitsui OSK
Lines (SEA) Pte Ltd purported to have executed the agreement “on behalf of the
plaintiff”. When the defendant denied this, and consequently, denied any
liability to the plaintiff on the ground that it (the defendant) did not have
any contractual relationship it (the plaintiff), the plaintiff commenced this
action in tort against the defendant. It did so because it feared that should
the arbitrator find that the defendant was right, then the plaintiff would
have no standing to make its claim in tort in the arbitration proceedings.

2 Commencement of this suit meant that the defendant has to defend the claim
against the plaintiff in this suit as well as against the arbitration
proceedings commenced by the plaintiff and Mitsui OSK Lines (SEA) Pte Ltd and
both proceedings concern the same facts, that is, the loss of certain cargo,
the subject of which was not in dispute. The defendant would only be liable
for one set of damages, that is, either in contract or in tort, and not for
both. It would be liable only to the plaintiff or Mitsui OSK Lines (SEA) Pte
Ltd and not to both. Thus, unless one of the proceedings is stayed, the
defendant has to defend itself on the same set of facts against the same
plaintiff twice over, and that would be wrong. For that reason, one of the two
proceedings is stayed pending the outcome of the other. The plaintiff had the
option of suing the defendant in contract and in tort in this suit but he did
not, electing to sue only in tort.

3 Mr Chan, counsel for the defendant, applied by this summons, for an order
that the [plaintiff] “be restrained and an injunction be granted restraining
the plaintiff from prosecuting arbitration or other proceedings against the
[defendant] in respect of the claims made in this action.” He submitted that
after filing a protective writ as the plaintiff had done, it could have
applied straightaway to have the action stayed pending the outcome of the
arbitration proceedings. Instead, it proceeded to take the further step of
filing the Statement of Claim. Mr Chan submitted that under s 6 of the
Arbitration Act (Cap 10, 2002 Rev Ed) (“the Act”), which was the applicable
Act in this case, either party could have applied for a stay of proceedings.
Section 6 provided as follows:

(1) Where any party to an arbitration agreement institutes any proceedings in
any court against any other party to the agreement in respect of any matter
which is the subject of the agreement, any party to the agreement may, at any
time after appearance and before delivering any pleading or taking any other
step in the proceedings, apply to that court to stay the proceedings so far as
the proceedings relate to that matter.

(2) The court to which an application has been made in accordance with
subsection (1) may, if the court is satisfied that -

(a) there is no sufficient reason why the matter should not be referred in
accordance with the arbitration agreement; and

(b) the applicant was, at the time when the proceedings were commenced, and
still remains, ready and willing to do all things necessary to the proper
conduct of the arbitration,

make an order, upon such terms as the court thinks fit, staying the
proceedings so far as the proceedings relate to that matter.

4 It seems to me that s 6 of the Act applies only in cases in which the party
instituting a court action was “a party to an arbitration agreement”. In the
present case, the defendant objected to the plaintiff’s standing in the
arbitration proceedings precisely because it alleged that the plaintiff had no
contractual relations with the defendant, that is to say, that the plaintiff
was not a party to the arbitration agreement. So, although the plaintiff
should not be permitted to bring legal proceedings against the defendant in
two forums at the same time over the same set of facts, s 6 of the Act cannot
be the basis for the defendant’s application to stay the arbitration
proceedings. The plaintiff in this action was not a party to the arbitration
agreement. That agreement was executed between Mitsui OSK Lines (SEA) Pte Ltd
and the defendant. Although the plaintiff claimed that Mitsui OSK Lines (SEA)
Pte Ltd executed the agreement on its behalf, the agreement itself made no
mention of that as Mr Chan had pointed out. Whether that was so would be a
matter of fact for the arbitration to determine and was outside the scope of
the proceedings before me. An order for the stay of proceedings would affect a
third party, namely, Mitsui OSK Lines (SEA) Pte Ltd. It would be more
equitable to stay the present proceedings in this suit. Both parties would
have their dispute resolved together with that of Mitsui OSK Lines (SEA) Pte
Ltd at the arbitration, which would be determinative of all issues save the
one in tort which the arbitrator would not have against the plaintiff if it is
established that the plaintiff had not contractual basis to commence
arbitration proceedings against the defendant. Its claim in tort would not
have been re-litigated and there is thus no prejudice against the defendant.

5 Mr Chan argued that having filed the Statement of Claim, the plaintiff had
elected to litigate and cannot simultaneously pursue its claim in arbitration
by reason of s 6 of the Act. Counsel relied on my decision in _L & M Concrete
Specialists Pte Ltd v United Eng Contractors Pte Ltd_ [2000] 4 SLR 441, at 448
where I had held that “once an election has been made and accepted, the
parties may resort to arbitration again only by a subsequent consensus.” That
would be relevant here had the defendant accepted the plaintiff’s challenge in
the court action, but it did not. Nonetheless, one of the proceedings by the
plaintiff must be stayed, and in my view, the present action would be the
appropriate one. The only issue was whether this court had the power to stay
the present proceedings. By cl 9 of the First Schedule to the Supreme Court of
Judicature Act (Cap 322, R5, 2006 Rev Ed) the High Court is empowered to
dismiss or stay proceedings by reason of a multiplicity of actions (and other
grounds not relevant here). Mr Chan argued that this power should not be
exercised to “undermine the effect of other legislation and established
doctrine”. By that, counsel was referring principally to s 6 of the Act. Apart
from the reasons above, I would add that the High Court’s power has not been
expressly curtailed as counsel submitted. It would be a severe handicap to the
administration of justice if the court cannot exercise that power in the
present circumstances. Even the power under s 6 of the Act is a power and not
a rule. Such powers enable the court to adjudicate according to the facts of
each case, so that a fair application of the general legislative (and common
law) rules may be made.

6 For the reasons above, I will dismiss the defendant’s application to stay
the arbitration proceedings and order instead, a stay of the present action
pending the result of the arbitration, or further order of court. The parties
will be at liberty to apply in this respect. I shall hear parties on costs at
a later date if they are unable to agree costs.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 30 Mar 2007 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

