Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Law Society of Singapore v Tay Eng Kwee Edwin  
[2007] SGHC 114

Case Number | : | OS 64/2007  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 30 July 2007  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Chan Sek Keong CJ; Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA; V K Rajah JA   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Bhargavan Sujatha (Peter Low Partnership) for the applicant; The respondent absent   
Parties | : |  Law Society of Singapore — Tay Eng Kwee Edwin   
  
Legal Profession – Professional conduct – Breach – Lawyer failing to maintain
any books or accounts for one year – Lawyer unrepresented and absent from
disciplinary committee proceedings and show cause hearing – Whether lawyer's
conduct amounting to grossly improper conduct – Appropriate penalty – Section
83(2)(b) Legal Profession Act (Cap 161, 2001 Rev Ed) – Rule 11 Legal
Profession (Solicitors' Accounts) Rules (Cap 161, R 8, 1999 Rev Ed)  
  

30 July 2007  |   
---|---  
  
V K Rajah JA (delivering the grounds of decision of the court):

1 This was an application by the Law Society of Singapore (“the Law Society”)
for the respondent to show cause why he should not be punished for a very
serious professional transgression. At the conclusion of the hearing, we
ordered the respondent be struck off the roll of solicitors (“the roll”) on 25
April 2007 for breach of r 11 of the Legal Profession (Solicitors’ Accounts)
Rules (Cap 161, R 8, 1999 Rev Ed) (“the SA Rules”). The reasons for our
decision are set out below.

Factual background

2 Having been admitted as an advocate and solicitor of the Supreme Court of
the Republic of Singapore on 29 July 1995, the respondent was an advocate and
solicitor of some 12 years’ standing. Upon his admission to the Bar, the
respondent practised very briefly at two law firms before setting up his own
legal practice, M/s Edwin Tay & Co, on 2 May 1996, a sole proprietorship.

3 The respondent was declared a bankrupt on 30 December 2004 over an unpaid
debt of $10,655.99 due to Oversea-Chinese Banking Corporation Limited, the
petitioning creditor. The bankruptcy proceedings precipitated a chain of
enquiries that in turn unearthed serious accounting breaches on the part of
the respondent.

4 Sometime in late December 2004, the Law Society received information that
bankruptcy proceedings were pending against the respondent. In accordance with
customary procedure, Ms Prabha Dube (“Ms Dube”), and Ms Yashodhara
Dhoraisingam (“Ms Dhoraisingam”), Director of Professional Standards and Chief
Executive Officer of the Law Society respectively, at the material time, met
the respondent on 29 December 2004. At this meeting the respondent informed Ms
Dube and Ms Dhoraisingam that he had not drawn up or maintained any of the
books of accounts required by r 11 of the SA Rules since January 2004. Ms
Dhoraisingam immediately notified the Council of the Law Society (“the
Council”) of this disturbing revelation.

5 The Council promptly determined that the respondent had contravened s 72 of
the Legal Profession Act (Cap 161, 2001 Rev Ed) (“LPA”) in failing to abide by
r 11 of the SA Rules. Pursuant to s 74 and para 1(1)(_c_) of the First
Schedule of the LPA, the Council intervened into the client account of M/s
Edwin Tay & Co on 12 January 2005.

6 On 1 April 2005, the respondent officially ceased practice. In his notice of
cessation of practice, he stated that he was unable to produce the final
accountant’s report because he “did not draw up books of accounts from 1 Jan
04 to 31 Dec 04 [and] Council has since … intervened into clients’ accounts”.
An inquiry committee (“IC”) was appointed on 6 June 2005 to look into the
matter. The respondent admitted to the IC his failure to maintain the
requisite accounts and books.

7 The Law Society subsequently preferred two (alternative) charges against the
respondent; first, under s 83(2)(_b_) of the LPA, and alternatively, under s
83(2)(_j_) of the LPA in relation to the respondent’s breaches of sub-rr (1),
(2), (2A), (2B), (3) and (4) of r 11 of the SA Rules. The alternative charge
was later abandoned and the original charge under s 83(2)(_b_) of the LPA
amended by omitting r 11(2A) of the SA Rules. The final amended charge against
the respondent read as follows:

That you, EDWIN TAY ENG KWEE, between 1st January 2004 and 31st December 2004,
as an Advocate and Solicitor practising as a sole-proprietor in the firm of
M/s Edwin Tay & Co., have failed to comply with Rule 11 Of The Legal
Profession (Solicitors’ Accounts) Rules (Cap 161), by failing:-

(1) at all times to keep properly written up in the English language such as
cash books, ledgers and journals and such other books and accounts as may be
necessary —

(a) to show all your dealings with —

(i) client’s money received, held or paid by you; and

(ii) any other money dealt with by you through a client account;

(b) to show separately in respect of each client all money of the categories
specified in sub-paragraph (a) which is received, held or paid by you on
account of that client; and

(c) to distinguish all money of the categories mentioned in sub-paragraph (b)
received, held or paid by you, from any other money received, held or paid by
you.

(2) to ensure that all dealings referred to in paragraph (1)(a) shall be
recorded as may be appropriate –

(a) in a client’s cash book or a client’s column of a cash book; or

(b) in a record of sums transferred from the ledger account of one client to
that of another;

And in addition -

(i) in a client’s ledger or a client’s column of a ledger; and

(ii) in a journal.

(2A) to ensure that all your dealings relating to your practice as solicitor
other than those referred to in paragraph (1)(a) shall, be subject to
compliance with the Legal Profession (Solicitors’ Trust Accounts) Rules (R9),
be recorded in such other cash book and ledger or such other columns of a cash
book and ledger and such journal as you may choose to maintain.

(3) to ensure that in addition to the books and accounts referred to in
paragraphs (2) and (2A), you keep a record of all bills of costs
(distinguishing between profit costs and disbursements) and of all written
intimations under rules 7(1)(a)(iv) and 9(2)(c)(i) delivered or made by you to
your clients, which record is contained in a bills delivered book or a file of
copies of such bills and intimations.

(4) to ensure that within one month of your commencing practice on your own
account (either alone or in partnership) and thereafter not less than once in
every succeeding month you cause the balance of your clients’ cash books (or
clients’ column of your cash book) to be reconciled with your clients’ bank
statements and keep in the cash book or other appropriate place a statement
showing the reconciliation.

And you have thereby breached the rules of conduct made by the Council under
the provisions of the Legal Profession Act (Cap 161) as amounts to improper
conduct or practice as an advocate and solicitor under Section 83(2)(b) of the
Legal Profession Act (Cap 161).

Disciplinary committee proceedings

8 The respondent was neither present nor represented when the matter was heard
by a disciplinary committee (“DC”) on 30 May 2006. The DC first considered
whether proper service of the notice of the hearing had been effected on the
respondent. The letter notifying the respondent of the DC hearing was sent by
AR (advice of receipt) registered post to the respondent’s last-known
practising address at Marine Parade while two other copies of the letter were
sent by courier to the respondent’s last-known residential addresses at Monk’s
Hill Road and St Michael’s Road. Though the letter sent to the Marine Parade
address was returned and marked with the words “Gone Away” and “returned by
occupant”, the two copies sent by courier to the respondent’s residential
addresses had not been returned. Pursuant to rr 16 and 19 of the Legal
Profession (Disciplinary Committee Proceedings) Rules (Cap 161, R 2, 2003 Rev
Ed), the DC concluded that while the letter sent to the Marine Parade address
might not have constituted sufficient service, proper service on the
respondent had indeed been effected through the letters dispatched to the
respondent’s residential addresses as these had not been returned.

9 Ms Dhoraisingam further confirmed in the course of the DC hearing that the
respondent had also been personally notified by the Law Society of the date of
the DC hearing by e-mail. Satisfied that the respondent did indeed have actual
notice of the proceedings, the DC proceeded with the hearing on 30 May 2006.

10 The Law Society’s case at the DC hearing was straightforward – it relied on
Ms Dhoraisingam’s affidavit, the essence of which has been summed up in [4] to
[6] above, to establish that the respondent had failed to maintain the
requisite books or accounts for the material period, thereby breaching r 11 of
the SA Rules.

11 The DC determined that cause of sufficient gravity prevailed for
disciplinary action to be taken against the respondent pursuant to s 83 of the
LPA, on the following grounds:

(a) Failure to comply with or to adhere to r 11 of the SA Rules on the part of
a solicitor, whatever the reason, will attract serious consequences, as noted
by the court in _Law Society of Singapore v Chiong Chin May Selena_ [2005] 4
SLR 320 (“ _Selena Chiong_ ”).

(b) A breach of the SA Rules has to be treated extremely seriously.

(c) On the clear evidence before the DC, and based on the respondent’s own
admissions, a breach of r 11 of the SA Rules by the respondent was
established.

(d) Since the DC in _Selena Chiong_ found that a failure to keep and maintain
proper accounts for a _six-month duration_ amounted to grossly improper
conduct pursuant to s 83(2)(_b_) of the LPA, the respondent’s failure to
maintain proper accounts for an _entire calendar year_ in this case must _a
fortiori_ amount to grossly improper conduct under s 83(2)(_b_) of the LPA.

12 The Law Society subsequently applied for and obtained an order under ss 94
and 98 of the LPA requiring the respondent to show cause before this court as
to why he should not be dealt with under s 83 of the LPA.

The issues

13 The two issues the court had to address were:

(a) whether the respondent could show cause why he should not be punished
under s 83(2)(_b_) of the LPA; and

(b) if not, what the appropriate penalty should be.

**_Showing cause_**

14 Before we refer to the substantive issues at hand, we would like to make
some brief observations on the issue of service of process. We understand that
the Law Society had obtained an order made in chambers dated 16 January 2007
allowing it to effect service on the respondent (in relation to the present
show cause proceedings) by serving the order to show cause at the respondent’s
last-known address at Pasir Panjang Hill and by posting a copy thereof on the
notice board of the Supreme Court. The order of court deemed that such service
would be good and sufficient service upon the respondent. Although this was
not expressly stated in the _ex-parte_ originating summons, the Law Society
appears to have made this application for directions as to service pursuant to
s 98(2) of the LPA as the respondent was believed to be residing outside
Singapore.

15 In the light of this order of court, service at the respondent’s last-known
address should _prima facie_ be considered proper service. Purely as a matter
of caution, we queried counsel about the efficacy of such service, since the
respondent was not only absent, but unrepresented in court. We sought
additional reassurance that the respondent was aware that the show cause
proceedings had been initiated against him.

16 On the evidence, we were satisfied that the respondent had been properly
notified of the show cause proceedings and indeed had expressly renounced the
need for personal service and/or notification. We note, in particular, that
the respondent himself stated in an e-mail dated 29 November 2006, addressed
to the DC Secretariat, the office of the Official Assignee and counsel for the
Law Society, that “I am aware that the Law Society is proceeding with show-
cause action against me for not maintaining the books for the year 2004 …
[and] I pray for dispensation of service of the documents and presence at the
proceedings”.

17 We now turn to the substantive issues. The case of _Selena Chiong_ ([11]
_supra_) stipulates in no uncertain terms the very serious consequences of
breaching the SA Rules. We can only reiterate how critical, indeed
indispensable, it is that all solicitors strictly comply with and uphold the
SA Rules so as to preserve public confidence that moneys held or maintained by
solicitors will be safeguarded and legitimately disbursed. The prophylactic
rationale underpinning the enactment of the SA Rules – indeed its primal
_raison d’être_ – is to protect first and foremost the public against any
unauthorised use of clients’ moneys held by solicitors through carefully
calibrated procedures and processes to ensure that the legal profession is
properly policed and regulated in this singularly crucial aspect of its
practice.

18 It is incontrovertible that the SA Rules must be strictly observed and
enforced in their entirety; see _eg_ , _Selena Chiong_ and _Law Society of
Singapore v Tan Sok Ling_ [2007] SGHC 37 (“ _Tan Sok Ling_ ”). Solicitors are
not at liberty to whimsically turn a blind eye to ignore any rule or procedure
prescribed by the SA Rules simply because such a rule or procedure threatens
to be costly or inconvenient. Proof of wilful conduct is _not_ necessary to
establish a breach of the SA Rules; liability is strict, indeed absolute. The
respondent in this case had systematically failed to keep any books or
accounts for an entire year although he was fully aware of the mandatory
requirement to do so. We are satisfied on the unchallenged evidence before us
that the charge against the respondent has been more than amply established.

**_Appropriate penalty_**

19 It is settled law that the four factors to assess in determining the
appropriate penalty in disciplinary cases are:

(a) protection of the public;

(b) safeguarding the collective interest of the legal profession;

(c) punishment of the offender; and

(d) the notion of deterrence (as emphasised in _Selena Chiong_ _supra_).

20 It is the settled practice of this court that should it find a solicitor to
be dishonest, it will almost invariably direct that his name be struck off the
roll. That said, even if no apparent dishonesty is involved, a solicitor may
be struck off the roll if the lapse is of such a nature as to indicate that he
lacks the requisite qualities of character and trustworthiness expected of all
solicitors: see _Law Society of Singapore v Ravindra Samuel_ [1999] 1 SLR 696
at [15]; cited in _Selena Chiong_ at [27].

21 In _Selena Chiong_ and _Tan Sok Ling_ ([18] _supra_), both respondents were
suspended from practice for one year for breaches of the SA Rules (rr 11(1),
11(2) and 11(4) in the former case; and rr 3 and 7 in the latter). No
dishonesty was found in either case. The circumstances in the present case
are, however, markedly different from those two cases. The respondent in
_Selena Chiong_ was medically unwell and her breach of the SA Rules was benign
in nature; her illness inevitably clouded her judgment and as a consequence
she made decisions without properly considering the repercussions. The
respondent in _Tan Sok Ling_ , though not medically unwell, committed his
breaches of the SA Rules as a result of “gross inefficiency” and “sheer
incompetence”; in other words, there was nothing wilfully or deliberately
dishonest about his actions. Further, his breaches had been largely rectified
before the hearing of the show cause proceedings. In both _Selena Chiong_ and
_Tan Sok Ling_ , the court found that the errant solicitors’ indiscretions
were caused purely as a result of illness or human frailty and not by reason
of an apparent character defect or deficiency. We note that in each of these
cases, the solicitors faced more charges as compared to the respondent in the
instant case. However, the sheer number of charges is not in itself a true
reflection of the actual extent of a solicitor’s blameworthiness or
culpability.

22 Even though in the present case the respondent might not have been actually
dishonest, we were of the view that the respondent’s deliberate, wilful and
prolonged omission to maintain the mandated bookkeeping records in disregard
of the SA Rules was deplorable. It was amply evident that the respondent
considered his personal interests far more important than his obligations as
an advocate and solicitor. We found this entirely unacceptable and accordingly
concluded in the circumstances that the respondent had fallen far short of the
required standards of integrity, probity and trustworthiness expected of
officers of the court. A solicitor who consciously and consistently ignores
the SA Rules, which have the force of law, cannot be expected to responsibly
discharge his obligations to uphold the rule of law. In our view, the
respondent’s conduct manifested a patent defect of character.

23 Furthermore, the respondent has made no significant effort whatsoever to
mitigate his professional lapses. Save for an e-mail dated 29 November 2006
(referred to at [16] above), the respondent showed no particular interest in
these proceedings and/or made no attempt to redress the transgressions. In his
e-mail, he stated the following:

(a) He secured his present employment in China (and is working there with the
Official Assignee’s permission) only after much difficulty and it was his only
hope of keeping his family together.

(b) He was aware of the present proceedings against him and had acknowledged
his error to the Law Society as well as been very co-operative in every
regard.

(c) He had no desire at this moment, and would encounter substantial
difficulty should he do so, to return to practice in the light of his
bankruptcy.

(d) He had problems drawing up his accounts because he had no money to pay his
accountant who was holding all his books on lien.

(e) While he would accept whatever decision this court made, he implored that
he be given a second chance should he clear his debts and wish to return to
practice.

24 The respondent’s breaches over a period of more than a year were both
deliberate and contumacious. They warranted a severe penalty. We could not
give much weight to his assertion that he was co-operative. His breaches of
the SA Rules were only brought to light when the Law Society commenced probing
the causes and history of the bankruptcy proceedings brought against him. At
no point did the respondent own up voluntarily. The respondent’s contention
that he had problems drawing up his accounts because he could not afford to
pay the accountant holding his books on lien was also completely
unsubstantiated and, in any event, wholly irrelevant as an exonerating or
mitigating factor. As such, we were of the view that the respondent’s “plea of
mitigation” in his e-mail dismally failed to address the gravamen of the
transgressions.

25 Further to what has been said in [20] above, it bears mention that in the
oft-cited case of _Bolton v Law Society_ [1994] 1 WLR 512 at 518, Sir Thomas
Bingham MR (as he then was) stated that:

It is required of lawyers practising in this country that they should
discharge their professional duties with integrity, probity and complete
trustworthiness. …

Any solicitor who is shown to have discharged his professional duties with
anything less than complete integrity, probity and trustworthiness must expect
severe sanctions to be imposed upon him ... Lapses from the required high
standard may, of course, take different forms and be of varying degrees. The
most serious involves proven dishonesty, whether or not leading to criminal
proceedings and criminal penalties. In such cases the tribunal has almost
invariably, no matter how strong the mitigation advanced for the solicitor,
ordered that he be struck off the Roll of Solicitors. Only infrequently,
particularly in recent years, has it been willing to order the restoration to
the Roll of a solicitor against whom serious dishonesty had been established,
even after a passage of years, and even where the solicitor had made every
effort to re-establish himself and redeem his reputation. _If a solicitor is
not shown to have acted dishonestly, but is shown to have fallen below the
required standards of integrity, probity and trustworthiness, his lapse is
less serious but it remains very serious indeed in a member of a profession
whose reputation depends upon trust. A striking off order will not necessarily
follow in such a case, but it may well._

[emphasis added]

26 The case of _In re A Solicitor_ (1962) 3 MC 323 illustrates the extremely
serious view that the courts take apropos any breach of accounting rules. In
that case, the solicitor failed to keep accounts in the prescribed manner as
well as to account for a very large sum of money which had come into his hands
as a solicitor. Thomson CJ observed at 323:

The legal profession enjoys very great privileges. In return for these
privileges they owe the public a duty and that duty involves not only an
extremely high standard of probity but a way of conducting business, and
particularly business in relation to financial matters, which is beyond
suspicion. _In particular it is required, and it is part of the price the
profession must pay for its privileges, that separate accounts of solicitors’
money and clients’ money should be kept_. [emphasis added]

The court in that case acknowledged that the solicitor was not in the best of
health, but concluded that that was not a consideration that should be allowed
to prevail over the public interest, which was paramount. The solicitor was
accordingly struck off the roll. Extrapolating from this case, _inter alia_ ,
Prof Tan Yock Lin in _The Law of Advocates and Solicitors in Singapore and
West Malaysia_ (Butterworths Asia, 2nd Ed, 1998) accurately observes (at p
905) that “[w]here there is failure to keep proper accounts, striking off the
roll is quite common”.

27 Since only persons of good character may be admitted to the roll, it must
also inexorably follow that an advocate and solicitor with an obvious
character defect should also be struck off the roll. Michael Wilkinson &
Michael Sandor, _Professional Conduct of Lawyers in Hong Kong_ (Butterworths
Asia, 1996) at ch XV, para 753 incisively observe that the appropriate test to
be applied by the court in deciding whether to strike off a solicitor is that
enunciated in _Ex parte Attorney-General for the Commonwealth_ (1972) 20 FLR
234 at 243, as follows:

When it is a question of removal from the roll, there is, in the end, a single
question, namely, whether the legal practitioner who has been charged is a fit
and proper person to remain a member of the profession …

We agree. In view of our findings in [22] above, we were unequivocally of the
view that the respondent was not a fit and proper person to remain in the
profession.

28 We emphasise that it is clearly not enough for solicitors who have been
found to have breached the SA Rules to claim in mitigation that no actual loss
has been occasioned. The fact that no accounts whatsoever have been
maintained, in itself makes it inherently difficult to determine whether any
loss had indeed occurred. In any event, the essence of the wrong is the
deliberate disregard of statutory rules specifically designed and enacted to
protect the public.

29 Subsequent to the hearing, our attention was drawn to the fact that there
was in fact another DC proceeding concerning the respondent which related to a
breach of the SA Rules. It is regrettable that in a case of this nature,
counsel for the Law Society failed to highlight this case to us in her
submissions. All that counsel mentioned in passing was that other unrelated DC
proceedings prevailed against the respondent. This did not convey the correct
picture. The respondent had actually been found guilty by another DC of having
breached r 3 of the SA Rules (“the second DC proceedings”) as well. No show
cause proceedings were subsequently initiated against the respondent only
because he had been struck off the roll in the present proceedings. The second
DC proceedings had been initiated as a result of the respondent’s
inappropriate conduct in depositing $15,000 into an overdrawn office account
rather than properly into a client’s account. While we are satisfied that
counsel was not aware of the outcome of these disciplinary proceedings, this
does not absolve her from the duty of diligence to draw all material facts to
the court’s attention. The substance of the second DC proceedings should have
been specifically drawn to our attention even if counsel was not aware of the
actual outcome of the disciplinary proceedings when we heard this matter.
Counsel should not have so quickly echoed the respondent’s blithe and by no
means verifiable claim that no loss had accrued as a result of his conduct.

30 On the issue of the respondent’s bankruptcy, we agree that a solicitor’s
status as a bankrupt _per se_ should not affect the penalty meted out since it
does not, _ipso facto_ , connote dishonesty on his or her part. This
proposition is firmly established in _Selena Chiong_ ([11] _supra_). However,
we note that the respondent’s debt that culminated in his bankruptcy was to
the tune of a mere $10,655.99. That he could not settle such a paltry debt as
a practising solicitor should clearly be a matter of grave concern as an
indication that there could be more problems than meet the eye. It would also
be relevant in considering whether or not he can be entrusted with clients’
moneys.

Conclusion

31 The respondent has committed a serious breach of his obligations as an
advocate and solicitor for which this court could have censured him, suspended
him from practice for up to five years or struck him off the roll. In deciding
to impose the ultimate punishment, we took into account the following
considerations:

(a) his deliberate omission to maintain his books and accounts in disregard of
the SA Rules;

(b) his continuing to receive moneys whilst practising under such conditions;

(c) his concealment of his transgressions until the Law Society began
investigating the basis of his bankruptcy; and

(d) his bankruptcy, which had rendered the other two penalties, namely censure
and suspension from practice, entirely meaningless.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 30 Jul 2007 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

