Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Man Financial (S) Pte Ltd (formerly known as E D & F Man International (S)
Pte Ltd) v Wong Bark Chuan David  
[2007] SGCA 53

Case Number | : | CA 17/2007  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 29 November 2007  
Tribunal/Court | : | Court of Appeal  
Coram | : |  Belinda Ang Saw Ean J; Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA; V K Rajah JA   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Alvin Yeo Khirn Hai SC, Andre Francis Maniam, Neo Ling Chien Jaclyn, Ameera Ashraf and Goh Chun Kiat Colin (WongPartnership) for the appellant; Chia Ho Choon, Spring Tan and Lin Shuling Joycelyn (KhattarWong) for the respondent   
Parties | : |  Man Financial (S) Pte Ltd (formerly known as E D & F Man International (S) Pte Ltd) — Wong Bark Chuan David   
  
Contract – Breach – Consequences of breach of non-solicitation clause –
Whether employer entitled to terminate contract – Whether employee could
enforce claim for compensation under termination agreement  
  
Contract – Contractual terms – Conditions – Whether non-solicitation clause
intended by parties to be condition such that any breach would entitle
employer to terminate contract  
  
Contract – Illegality and public policy – Restraint of trade – Agreement
containing restrictive covenants – Whether there was prima facie breach of
non-solicitation and non-competition clauses – Whether legitimate proprietary
interest existing – Whether restrictive covenants reasonable in interests of
parties and in interests of public  
  
Contract – Illegality and public policy – Restraint of trade – Termination
agreement between company and former employee – Whether termination agreement
a fresh contract or settlement agreement – Whether doctrine of restraint of
trade applying to settlement agreements – Circumstances in which doctrine of
restraint of trade would not apply to settlement agreement  
  

29 November 2007 |  Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA (delivering the judgment of the court):

**Introduction**

1 The was an appeal against part of the decision of the trial judge (“the
Judge”) in _Wong Bark Chuan David v Man Financial (S) Pte Ltd_ [2007] 2 SLR 22
(“GD”). Briefly, the Judge granted judgment in favour of Wong Bark Chuan,
David (“the respondent”) against his former employer, Man Financial (S) Pte
Ltd (“the appellant”), in respect of certain benefits under an agreement
entered into by the parties (“the Termination Agreement”).

2 This judgment clarifies and restates the doctrine of restraint of trade in
the context of employment relations. More specifically, it evaluates: (a)
whether the doctrine of restraint of trade applies to settlement or compromise
agreements; and (b) whether the need to maintain a stable, trained workforce,
in a situation where no protectable confidences exist, is a legitimate
proprietary interest which warrants the court’s protection by way of the
doctrine of restraint of trade. We turn first to the facts of the present
case.

**The facts**

3 The respondent was the managing director and chief executive officer (“CEO”)
of the appellant, a brokerage company, since 2 August 1996.

4 In May 2005, the respondent suggested a change of role. He informed Kevin
Davis of Man Financial Ltd, a company related to the appellant, that he wished
to step down as the appellant’s CEO in order to focus on business development
in the region.

5 On 13 June 2005, Kevin Davis informed the respondent that he had decided to
have someone else replace the respondent as CEO. However, Kevin Davis stated
that because it would be difficult for the new CEO to perform his role in the
presence of a former CEO, the respondent was to resign with immediate effect.
Accordingly, the respondent was placed on “garden leave” from 13 June 2005
(“the Termination Date”) to 13 September 2005 while he served out a three-
month notice period. The respondent was also handed a proposed termination
agreement dated 13 June 2005 (“the Proposed Agreement”). The Proposed
Agreement contained, _inter alia_ , restrictive covenants on non-solicitation
and non-competition for a period of one year from the Termination Date.
However, the respondent did not agree to the provisions suggested by the
appellant and therefore did not sign the Proposed Agreement immediately.

6 Many rounds of negotiation between the parties as to the contents of the
Proposed Agreement soon followed (see, generally, [26]–[38] below). The
Termination Agreement was finally executed on 23 June 2005, albeit dated 13
June 2005 (_viz_ , the Termination Date). The salient portions of the
Termination Agreement were as follows:

**C._Non-Solicitation and Non-Competition_**

C.1. In further consideration of the foregoing, you agree that for a period of
seven (7) months from the Termination Date, that is, up to 13 January 2006 you
shall not directly or indirectly employ or solicit the employment of (whether
as an employee, officer, director, agent or consultant) any person who is or
was at any time during the period 13 June 2004 to 13 June 2005 an officer,
director, representative or employee of the Company [_ie_ , the appellant].
For avoidance of doubt, you shall not be deemed to employ any person unless
you are involved or have otherwise provided input into the decision to hire
such individual.

….

C.3. In further consideration of the foregoing, you agree that you will not
either directly or indirectly for a period of seven (7) months from the
Termination Date, that is up to 13 January 2006, anywhere in the world,
organize, own, manage, operate, participate in, render advice to, control, or
have an investment or ownership interest in any business that engages in the
marketing and/or sale of products, services and/or systems which are in
competition with those provided by the Company.

…

**D._Release and Discharge_**

D.1. In further consideration of the foregoing, you hereby unconditionally and
irrevocably discharge and release the Company, its parent, officers and
directors, and their successors and assigns from any and all claims, demands,
causes of action, suits, charges, violation and/or liability whatsoever, known
or unknown involving any matter arising out of or in any way related, directly
or indirectly, to your employment with the Company or the termination thereof
other than your entitlements and benefits under this Termination Agreement.

…

7 Accordingly, under the Termination Agreement, the respondent was prohibited
from, _inter alia_ , soliciting the employment of certain employees of the
appellant (under clause C.1 of the Termination Agreement (“Clause C.1”)) and
participating in or rendering advice to a competitor for a period of seven
months from the Termination Date (under clause C.3 of the Termination
Agreement (“Clause C.3”)). The respondent was also to receive shares in Man
Group plc (the appellant’s parent company) and a goodwill payment (“the
Compensation”) from the appellant provided he did not breach the terms of the
Termination Agreement.

8 Sometime in September 2005, before the respondent was due to be paid the
Compensation, the appellant was informed that the respondent had solicited the
employment of its employees or former employees, namely, one Tricia Ng Geok
Tin (“Tricia”) and one Tan Siang Hwee (“Siang Hwee”), for a competing company,
Refco (S) Pte Ltd (“Refco”). This was contrary to Clause C.1. The appellant
was also informed that the respondent had participated in or rendered advice
to Refco in breach of Clause C.3. As a consequence, the appellant declined to
provide the Compensation. The respondent then sued the appellant for the
Compensation. Not surprisingly, the respondent denied having acted in the
manner alleged.

**The Judge’s findings and decision**

9 On the facts, the Judge essentially found in favour of the appellant, and
held that the respondent had solicited the employment of at least two of the
appellant’s employees (_ie_ , Tricia and Siang Hwee) during the period from 13
June 2005 to 13 January 2006 (“the Prohibited Period”) and had rendered advice
to Refco (see GD at [14]–[141]). However, notwithstanding his finding of fact
against the respondent, the Judge found that the respondent was entitled to
receive the Compensation.

10 In relation to Clause C.1, the Judge accepted the respondent’s
interpretation of the provision and held that Clause C.1 applied only if the
respondent had solicited the employment of others as an employee, officer,
director, agent or consultant of Refco; since the respondent had not done so
in any such capacity, he was not _prima facie_ in breach of Clause C.1 (see GD
at [142]–[143]). In any event, the Judge held that Clause C.1 was invalid and,
hence, unenforceable for being an unreasonable restraint of trade (see [12]
below).

11 The Judge held that the burden was on the appellant to show the existence
of an interest which merited the protection of the court and to demonstrate
the reasonableness of the covenants concerned in terms of their not being
wider than what was reasonably necessary to protect that interest. Counsel for
the appellant at first instance, Mr Andre Maniam (“Mr Maniam”), submitted that
the interest which Clause C.1 sought to protect was the maintenance of a
stable workforce. In reply, counsel for the respondent, Mr Chia Ho Choon (“Mr
Chia”), argued that in Singapore, the maintenance of a stable workforce was
not a legitimate interest that could be protected by a restrictive covenant as
Singapore was a very small country with limited resources. The Judge did not
rule on whether the maintenance of a stable workforce was a legitimate
interest meriting protection. However, he stated that even assuming that there
was such a legitimate interest, the Termination Agreement did not actually
spell out the appellant’s interests which required protection (see GD at
[165]–[166]). For reasons that will be apparent below, we will have to deal
with this particular holding.

12 As to the reasonableness of Clause C.1, the Judge held (see GD at
[176]–[183]) that, even if the appellant had established that it had a
legitimate interest to maintain a stable workforce, Clause C.1 was wider than
what was reasonably necessary for the following reasons:

(a) Clause C.1 applied to _any_ and _every_ employee of the appellant without
reference to his or her experience or importance.

(b) Clause C.1 applied even to those who had already left the appellant within
one year before the Termination Date.

(c) Clause C.1, as it stood, extended even to employees whom the appellant did
not want to continue employing.

13 In relation to Clause C.3, the Judge found that the respondent was _prima
facie_ in breach of the provision (see GD at [127]–[133]). The Judge then
considered whether Clause C.3 was invalid as an unreasonable restraint of
trade. To that end, Mr Maniam contended that the respondent’s access to
confidential information was the interest which the appellant was protecting
thereunder. However, as in the case of Clause C.1, the Judge found (see GD at
[172]) that there was no evidence to prove the respondent’s access to
confidential information as well as the nature of the alleged confidential
information. Accordingly, the Judge found that the appellant had failed to
establish any legitimate interest meriting protection under Clause C.3 (see GD
at [175]).

14 The Judge was further of the view (see GD at [184]–[191]) that the purpose
and scope of Clause C.3 was anti-competition, and listed the following factors
which militated against the reasonableness of that provision:

(a) There was no mention in Clause C.3 about the use of confidential
information.

(b) Clause C.3 was wide enough even to prohibit the respondent from buying
shares in a competitor which was listed on a stock exchange, even though such
conduct would not necessarily involve misuse of the appellant’s confidential
information.

15 Whilst we agree with the Judge’s ultimate decision on Clause C.3 (_viz_ ,
that Clause C.3 could not be invoked to disentitle the respondent from
claiming the Compensation), we differ, with respect, somewhat from the precise
reasoning which he adopted (as set out briefly in the preceding paragraphs).
In particular, we do not think that the e-mails and the g-mail set out at GD
at [127]–[128] (which were isolated and informal in nature, and which were the
grounds upon which the Judge found that there had, _prima facie_ , been a
breach of Clause C.3) fell within the ambit of Clause C.3. However, we do
agree with the Judge that there was insufficient evidence adduced by the
appellant to demonstrate an underlying legitimate proprietary interest which
Clause C.3 was intended to protect. We are also of the view that Clause C.3
was, in any event, simply far too wide, particularly with regard to the area
covered. Further, we are, with respect, unable to agree with his decision with
regard to Clause C.1. For reasons which we will elaborate upon in more detail
below (at [137]–[142]), we are of the view that Clause C.1 was reasonable. We
are also of the view that Clause C.1 was in fact breached on the facts of the
present case (see below at [18]).

16 The Judge proceeded to find that the restrictive covenants in the
Termination Agreement (_ie_ , clauses C.1–C.3 thereof) as well as the
respondent’s agreement, pursuant to clause D.1 of the Termination Agreement
(“Clause D.1”), to discharge and release the appellant from all claims (save
for the claims specifically excluded by Clause D.1) constituted the main,
though not the sole, consideration for the Compensation (see GD at [214]). The
invalidity of Clause C.1 and Clause C.3 did not change the character of the
bargain. In the Judge’s view, the invalidity of these two restrictive
covenants merely meant that the appellant had obtained less in return for
agreeing to provide the Compensation (see GD at [215]). As such, the Judge
severed Clause C.1 and Clause C.3 from the Termination Agreement, and ordered
the appellant to provide the Compensation to the respondent. We should point
out at this juncture that whilst we agree with the Judge in so far as the
established principles of law relating to severance are concerned (which we
will consider briefly at [126]–[131] below), we do not, with respect, agree
with his _application_ of those rules and principles to the facts of the
present appeal. In particular, we do not agree with the Judge’s finding (see
GD at [216]–[218]) that Clause C.1 and Clause C.3 did not constitute all, or
substantially all, of the consideration for the Compensation (see below at
[128]). However, because we found, having regard to the applicable principles
of law, that Clause C.1 was a reasonable clause, this issue did not, strictly
speaking, arise for decision in the present appeal.

17 On a consideration of all the facts, we accept all the _factual_ findings
of the Judge (with the exception of the finding that there had, _prima facie_
, been a breach of Clause C.3 (see above at [15])). In particular, we affirm
the Judge’s finding that the respondent had, during the Prohibited Period,
solicited at least two of the appellant’s employees to work for Refco.
However, we _differ_ , with respect, from the Judge on one crucial point. As
mentioned at [15] above, we are of the view that there _had_ , in fact, been a
breach of Clause C.1 (which is reproduced above at [6]). In particular, we are
of the view that the words in parentheses in that particular clause (_viz_ ,
“whether as an employee, officer, director, agent or consultant”) applied not
to the capacity in which the respondent acted when soliciting the employment
of others, but, rather, the position for which he solicited the latter’s
employment. Significantly, in our view, the Judge would have arrived at the
same conclusion but for the fact that the appellant had, at paragraph 8 of its
re-amended defence, stated that the respondent had solicited the employment of
the appellant’s employees “as an agent or consultant of a company in
competition with [the appellant]” (see GD at [143]). At this juncture, it
would be apposite to refer to the following observations made by this court in
the recent decision of _Lee Chee Wei v Tan Hor Peow Victor_ [2007] 3 SLR 537
at [81]–[82]:

81 The following observation by Bowen LJ in _Cropper v Smith_ (1884) 26 Ch D
700 at 710–711, (albeit in the context of the amendment of pleadings), is
apposite:

I think it is a well established principle that the object of Courts is to
decide the rights of the parties, and not to punish them for mistakes they
make in the conduct of their cases by deciding otherwise than in accordance
with their rights … _I know of no kind of error or mistake which, if not
fraudulent or intended to overreach, the Court ought not to correct, if it can
be done without injustice to the other party. Courts do not exist for the sake
of discipline, but for the sake of deciding matters in controversy_ , and I do
not regard such amendment as a matter of favour or of grace. … It seems to me
that as soon as it appears that the way in which a party has framed his case
will not lead to a decision of the real matter in controversy, it is as much a
matter of right on his part to have it corrected, if it can be done without
injustice, as anything else in the case is a matter of right. [emphasis added]

82 We are fully in agreement with Bowen LJ. The rules of court practice and
procedure exist to provide a convenient framework to facilitate dispute
resolution and to serve the ultimate and overriding objective of justice. Such
an objective must never be eclipsed by blind or pretended fealty to rules of
procedure. On the other hand, a pragmatic approach governed by justice as its
overarching aim should not be viewed as a charter to ignore procedural
requirements. In the ultimate analysis, each case involving procedural lapses
or mishaps must be assessed in its proper factual matrix and calibrated by
reference to the paramount rationale of dispensing even handed justice.

18 Even if we adopt what appears to us to be an excessively strict view in so
far as adherence to pleadings is concerned, we would nevertheless conclude
that the respondent did, in fact, solicit the employment of the appellant’s
employees as an “agent” of Refco for the purposes of Clause C.1. It is true
that, _technically speaking_ , the respondent could not, _ex hypothesi_ , have
been on the payroll of Refco at the material period – at least in so far as
the first three months of the Prohibited Period were concerned (since the
respondent was on “garden leave” then). However, this itself gives us a clue
as to the substance – and, more importantly, the spirit – of Clause C.1. In
particular, the clause was not intended by the contracting parties to operate
in a vacuum. Furthermore, contracting parties do not enter into agreements
which are futile. In the circumstances, therefore, the reasonable inference to
draw is that the appellant and the respondent intended Clause C.1 to proscribe
any form of soliciting the employment of the appellant’s employees
_throughout_ the Prohibited Period. The fact that the respondent was not,
strictly speaking, on the payroll of Refco at the material time should not
detract from such a construction as to how the clause was intended to operate.
Indeed, the Judge himself acknowledged, at various points in his judgment,
that the respondent was in fact soliciting the employment of the employees
concerned for Refco (see, for example, GD at [108] and (especially) [113]). We
are therefore of the view that the respondent _did_ , in fact, breach Clause
C.1 by soliciting the employment of those employees.

19 To _summarise_ , whilst we agree with the Judge that Clause C.3 did not
pass muster under the applicable principles relating to the doctrine of
restraint of trade, we find, however (and contrary to the decision of the
Judge), that Clause C.1 was, in fact, both applicable on the facts _and_ was
also reasonable (pursuant to the applicable principles relating to the
doctrine of restraint of trade). Hence, the doctrine of severance did not
arise for our decision. More importantly, there having been a breach of Clause
C.1 by the respondent (see the preceding paragraph), the issue of the legal
consequences of that breach arose for our decision. However, during the course
of oral submissions before us, yet another issue – this time, a threshold one
– arose: Did the doctrine of restraint of trade apply to the Termination
Agreement in the first instance? Indeed, given the fact that a number of
related issues (in particular, the last-mentioned one) were not, in fact,
canvassed before us during the first hearing, we invited further written
submissions from the parties and also heard further oral submissions thereon.
In the circumstances, it would be helpful, therefore, if we first itemise the
main issues which were ultimately crystallised before us for determination
before proceeding to set out our decision on each issue, as well as on the
appeal as a whole.

**The issues on appeal**

20 The main issues before this court, as eventually delineated by the parties,
were as follows:

(a) Does the doctrine of restraint of trade apply to the Termination
Agreement?

(b) Assuming that the doctrine of restraint of trade applies to the
Termination Agreement, was Clause C.1 reasonable within the applicable
principles of that doctrine?

(c) If Clause C.1 was reasonable within the applicable principles of the
doctrine of restraint of trade, what were the consequences of a breach of that
clause?

**Does the doctrine of restraint of trade apply to the Termination
Agreement?**

**_Introduction_**

21  The first – and threshold – legal issue is whether or not the doctrine of
restraint of trade applies to the Termination Agreement in the first place.

22  Counsel for the appellant, Mr Alvin Yeo SC, sought to argue that the
Termination Agreement was, in substance and effect, a settlement agreement,
and that the doctrine of restraint of trade did not (as a matter of public
policy) apply to settlement agreements. This argument, however, begged the
question: Was the Termination Agreement a settlement agreement to begin with?

**_Was the Termination Agreement a fresh contract or a settlement
agreement?_**

23  We note, at the outset, that the Termination Agreement was precisely that
– an agreement between an employer (here, the appellant) and an employee
(here, the respondent) that sought to govern the ending or termination of the
contractual employment relationship between them. Put simply, an agreement of
this nature would – as was the case here – comprise _fresh or new_ terms _vis-
à-vis_ a _fresh_ _or new_ contract that _supplements_ the original employment
contract between the parties by, as just mentioned, stipulating the legal
rights and obligations which will govern the closure of their employment
relationship.

24  From this perspective, the Termination Agreement was _not_ a settlement
agreement (the latter being a contract that seeks to compromise existing
disputes between the contracting parties). What, though, about the various
negotiations – in particular, the correspondence (which will be considered in
more detail below) that led to the restraint of trade clauses in the
Termination Agreement, which clauses did not hitherto exist in the _original_
employment contract between the parties? In our view, the answer lies in the
question itself. If, _ex hypothesi_ , the restraint of trade clauses did not
exist in the original employment contract but constituted terms within the
_Termination Agreement_ only, then they were, as mentioned in the preceding
paragraph, _fresh or new_ terms in a _fresh or new_ contract. In other words,
these clauses were _neither_ the subject of a _prior legal dispute_ which had
been settled, _nor_ agreed on to compromise an existing dispute, by way of the
Termination Agreement.

25 Indeed, a close perusal of the relevant e-mail correspondence alluded to in
the preceding paragraph demonstrates that the Termination Agreement was a
_supplementary contract_ entered into between the parties to effect closure of
their then existing employment relationship. In this regard, looking at the
context and the circumstances of the present case (which are set out in detail
below), it is our view that the Termination Agreement was not a mere variation
of the existing employment contract between the appellant and the respondent,
but was, instead, a separate and independent contract in itself. However, to
the extent that the Termination Agreement effected closure of the employment
relationship between the parties, it can, in substance at least, be construed
as _complementing_ the parties’ then existing employment contract.

26 The starting point of the Termination Agreement was a letter headed
“Termination Agreement” from the appellant (signed by one of its directors,
Christopher Smith (“Smith”)) to the respondent dated 13 June 2005 setting out
the terms of the Proposed Agreement.

27 The respondent replied to Smith’s letter of 13 June 2005 via an e-mail of
the same date. The material portions of the respondent’s reply were as
follows:

1\. I have no issue with serving out my full notice period.

2\. _I trust that, as agreed to earlier today, my bonus for Financial Year
2005, will not be tied in any way to the termination notice period and that it
will be duly paid._

3\. _As my employment agreement does not in fact provide for any restraint on
what I can do after my employment ends, your request for me to accept such
restraints for a period of one year is inappropriate._

As a general rule we should proceed _according to my employment agreement._

4\. You will appreciate that any agreement by me of any formal restrictions to
what I can do prejudices my employment prospects after I leave you.

5\. **_However, as a gesture of goodwill (in reciprocation of your gesture of
goodwill), I am willing to consider a non-solicitation restraint (of both
clients and staff) for a period of three months from the termination of my
full notice period._**

[emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

28 We pause to note that the respondent’s original employment contract with
the appellant did not, indeed, contain any covenants in restraint of trade at
all. It is clear that by including such covenants in the Proposed Agreement,
the appellant was attempting to tie the respondent down for the suggested
period of one calendar year. This is not surprising in view of the nature of
the appellant’s business and (correspondingly) the respondent’s employment. We
also note that, notwithstanding paragraph 2 of the e-mail set out in the
preceding paragraph, one of the terms in the Proposed Agreement, in
particular, clause B.1(i) thereof, did in fact state that the appellant would
pay the sum of US$1,147,353 to the respondent as his bonus for the financial
year 2005 in consideration of, _inter alia_ , “[his] serving out [his] Notice
Period on leave from the office”. (This sum, as we shall see, was later
adjusted down to US$1,092,325 in clause A.6 of the Termination Agreement.)

29 It is also interesting to note that in paragraph 5 of his e-mail to the
appellant (_ie_ , the e-mail reproduced above at [27]), the respondent stated
that he was, “as a gesture of goodwill”, willing to consider the _non-
solicitation_ covenants suggested in Smith’s letter of 13 June 2005 (_ie_ ,
the letter mentioned at [26] above). This remark by the respondent is
significant because those non-solicitation clauses (in particular, Clause C.1)
were precisely the terms that lay at the heart of the present appeal. It is
equally important to note that the respondent’s e-mail shows that there was
_no dispute_ between the parties over _prior_ covenants in the then existing
(original) employment contract.

30 Smith then responded (also via e-mail on the same day, _viz_ , 13 June
2005) on behalf of the appellant, referring, first, to a revised letter that
sought to deal with paragraph 2 of the respondent’s e-mail (reproduced above
at [27]) with regard to the payment of the bonus for the financial year 2005.
Smith also stated:

With regard to your other points we will think about this and come back to
you. However, as Kevin [_ie_ , Kevin Davis of Man Financial Ltd] suggested
this morning, I think that it is best if this is discussed through our
lawyers.

31 The respondent responded to the e-mail in the preceding paragraph via an
e-mail dated 14 June 2005 (addressed to Smith). The material portions of the
respondent’s e-mail read as follows:

1\. I actually see no need or role for any lawyer in this matter.

2\. We should simply proceed as is provided by my contract of employment. A
reading of that will show:

2.1 _I have earned and am entitled to my bonus for the previous financial
year, FY 05. Accordingly, the payment of this bonus should be unconditional._

2.2 I need to give three months notice of termination – I have done this and
also confirmed that I will serve out the full period of notice, even going on
gardening [_sic_] leave for the duration at your request.

3\. _My contract of employment provides for no post employment
restraints.**Any agreement on this issue is therefore a private agreement to
be negotiated between us.**_ I have had this confirmed legally already. The
lawyers therefore have no role to play except to document **_our agreement_**
_. I have already stated what I am willing to agree to as a gesture of
goodwill._ Whilst I see no point in discussing what is a commercial and
private issue with or through lawyers, if you so wish for communications with
yourselves to be via your lawyers, please have Ameera [Ms Ameera Ashraf, the
appellant’s lawyer (“Ms Ameera”)] contact me directly.

[emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

32 The appellant responded to the respondent’s e-mail of 14 June 2005 (_ie_ ,
the e-mail set out in the preceding paragraph) through its lawyer, Ms Ameera,
who sent the respondent an e-mail dated 15 June 2005. The material parts of Ms
Ameera’s e-mail read as follows:

1\. Thank you for your email below.

2\. You have asserted that you are not obliged to accept the non-solicitation
clauses in the Termination Agreement, as these clauses do not form part of
your contract of employment. _You will appreciate, having reviewed your
contract of employment, that it does not provide for any additional sums to be
paid to you upon your resignation.**Thus Man Financial (S) Pte Ltd’s (the
“Company”**)_ [_viz_ , the appellant’s] **_offer to make a substantial
goodwill payment to you as well as give_** [_sic_] **_you shares which have
not as yet vested under the Man Group plc’s Coinvestment Schemes, are not
benefits that you are entitled to at law. The Company makes this offer in
return for your agreement to the terms set out in the Termination
Agreement._**

3\. The Company, however, notes your offer to consider a clause which provides
for non-solicitation of both clients and employees for a period of _three
months after_ the end of your Notice Period. _Towards achieving an amicable
resolution to this matter,**in consideration of your agreement to the non-
solicitation of both clients and employees for a period of _four months_**_
[underlining in original]**_after the end of your Notice Period i.e. until 13
January 2006, the Company will agree to make payment of the benefits set out
above at the end of your Notice Period._**

5\. [_sic_] We regret to say that, in the interests of achieving a quick
resolution to these issues, this is the Company’s final offer on the matters
above and we trust that you will find this offer reasonable and acceptable.
Please consult your solicitors if necessary.

[emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

33  The next material piece of correspondence is an e-mail (also dated 15 June
2005) from the respondent’s lawyers (the respondent having obtained his own
legal representation by then) to the appellant’s lawyers. In essence, this
piece of correspondence referred to a telephone conversation between the
parties’ lawyers, in which one of the respondent’s lawyers, Mr Quek Li Fei
(“Mr Quek”), who was also the writer of this particular e-mail, informed one
of the appellant’s lawyers (_viz_ , Ms Ameera) that his firm was now acting
for the respondent in the matter. Mr Quek’s short e-mail also stated:

As spoken, we are presently taking our client’s instructions on your email of
even date to our client timed at 12.26pm [_ie_ , the e-mail from Ms Ameera to
the respondent referred to in the preceding paragraph] as well as on the terms
of the draft Termination Agreement and hope to revert to you shortly
thereafter.

34  In follow-up to the e-mail in the preceding paragraph, Mr Quek sent a
further e-mail (also dated 15 June 2005). This piece of correspondence is
significant because it enclosed a copy of the Proposed Agreement set out in
Smith’s letter of 13 June 2005 (see above at [26]), _but with the respondent’s
manuscript amendments appended thereto_. These amendments (denoted in the
following passage by the text which has been struck through and by the bold
underlined text) constituted _the respondent’s_ _counterproposals_ , and
included, _inter alia_ , proposed amendments to _Clause C.1_ , as follows:

C.1. In further consideration of the foregoing, you agree that for a period of
~~one (1) year~~ **_seven (7) months_** from the date of this letter, **_that
is, up to 13 January 2006_**[,] you shall not directly or indirectly employ or
solicit the employment of (whether as an employee, officer, director, agent or
consultant) any person who is or was at any times [_sic_] during ~~this past
year~~ **_2005 year to date_** an officer, director, representative or
employee of the Company. For avoidance of doubt, you shall not be deemed to
employ any person unless you are involved or have otherwise provided input
into the decision to hire such individual.

35  Another significant amendment proposed by the respondent was the addition
of a new clause B.2, which read as follows:

All sums expressed to be payable to you in this letter shall be paid by the
Company in full and without deduction by or on their respective due dates.

36 Both of these clauses will figure prominently later in this judgment when
we deal with the true nature of Clause C.1 in the context of _the consequences
of its breach_.

37 Returning to the relevant correspondence between the parties, Mr Quek’s
second e-mail of 15 June 2005 (see [34] above) was not yet the end of the
matter inasmuch as the terms of the Termination Agreement had still not been
finalised. Ms Ameera responded (on behalf of the appellant) to Mr Quek via an
e-mail dated 17 June 2005 stating that the appellant was “not agreeable” to
the respondent’s proposed amendments. In reply, Mr Quek sent Ms Ameera an
e-mail of the same date basically acknowledging receipt of her e-mail.

38 The appellant and the respondent finally arrived at an agreement, embodied
in the Termination Agreement, on 23 June 2005. It is interesting to note, in
this regard, that _Clause C.1_ in its _finalised_ form, whilst slightly
different from the version proposed by _the respondent_ (which is set out at
[34] above), nevertheless incorporated _the respondent’s proposed time frame
of seven months_ as the period of restraint. This _finalised_ version of
Clause C.1 (which we reproduced earlier at [6]) read as follows:

C.1. In further consideration of the foregoing, you agree that for a period of
seven (7) months from the Termination Date, that is, up to 13 January 2006 you
shall not directly or indirectly employ or solicit the employment of (whether
as an employee, officer, director, agent or consultant) any person who is or
was at any time during the period 13 June 2004 to 13 June 2005 an officer,
director, representative or employee of the [appellant]. For avoidance of
doubt, you shall not be deemed to employ any person unless you are involved or
have otherwise provided input into the decision to hire such individual.

39 Another interesting point to note is that _clause B.2_ (in its _finalised_
form) of the Termination Agreement (“Clause B.2”) was, in fact, _quite
different_ from the version proposed by _the respondent_ (see [35] above), and
read as follows:

B.2. _Save in the event that you breach any of the terms of this Termination
Agreement_ , the sums set out in B.1(b) above will be paid to you in full and
without deduction at the end of the Notice Period, on 13 September 2005.
[emphasis added]

40 On a more general level, we should emphasise that _if a particular
agreement between existing contracting parties is intended to encompass or
embody a settlement or compromise, it would be prudent for the parties
concerned to state this clearly in the contract itself. If that is not done_ ,
the court will, as in the _present_ case, construe the contract concerned
objectively, having regard to the relevant terms in the _context_ in which
they were arrived at and the substance of the contract. In the final analysis,
substance is more important than form. In the present appeal, what is
important is the fact that the correspondence set out above points clearly to
one thing (and one thing alone): _The very pith and marrow of the Termination
Agreement centred on the closure of the existing employment relationship
between the appellant and the respondent._ This agreement was _not_ , in other
words, a contract that sought to compromise or settle _existing disputes_
between the parties in respect of _existing covenants or clauses in restraint
of trade_. Indeed, in the respondent’s own affidavit of evidence-in-chief
(“AEIC”) at paragraph 20.8, it was clearly acknowledged that the consideration
set out in clause B.1 of the Termination Agreement (“Clause B.1”) consisted of
the covenants which the respondent was to observe during the Prohibited
Period. Not surprisingly, Smith’s AEIC (at paragraph 8 thereof) reflected a
similar acknowledgment.

41  We are therefore of the view that the Termination Agreement in the present
appeal was _not_ , in substance, a settlement agreement to begin with. It was
instead, in substance and effect, _an agreement that was complementary to the
original employment contract between the appellant and the respondent_. In the
circumstances, all the terms of the Termination Agreement must – in the
present appeal at least – therefore be subject to the doctrine of restraint of
trade.

42  However, since much time was spent on the question of whether or not the
doctrine of restraint of trade applies to settlement agreements, we will set
out our views on this particular issue, although, in view of our
characterisation of the Termination Agreement (as set out in the preceding
paragraph), the issue did not, strictly speaking, arise for a direct decision.

**_Does the doctrine of restraint of trade apply to settlement agreements?_**

_The issue_

43  If we assume that the Termination Agreement was a settlement agreement (an
assumption that, as we held above, was _not_ borne out by the facts of this
appeal), would it follow that the doctrine of restraint of trade is therefore
_excluded in limine_ on the basis that there is a clear public policy in
favour of upholding genuine settlement or compromise agreements? By “genuine”,
we mean a settlement or compromise agreement that is _not_ rendered either
void or voidable by _vitiating factors_. If, of course, one or more vitiating
factors operate, then that settlement or compromise agreement would not be
recognised in law.

44 In analysing this issue, there are, _in effect_ , _two separate and
distinct facets of public policy_ to be considered – one relating to the
doctrine of restraint of trade, and the other relating to the upholding of
genuine settlement or compromise agreements, respectively.

_The public policy underlying the doctrine of restraint of trade_

45 The _first_ of the aforesaid aspects of public policy (_viz_ , that
relating to the doctrine of restraint of trade) is a clearly established one
(for convenience of exposition, we refer to it hereafter as “Public Policy
1”). This doctrine is traditionally analysed in contract textbooks under the
rubric of “illegality and public policy”. More specifically, the doctrine
seeks to vindicate the legal right to freedom of trade while balancing, at the
same time, the countervailing doctrine of freedom of contract. It remains the
law, however, that covenants that fall foul of the doctrine of restraint of
trade will (subject to certain conditions) be rendered unenforceable. To that
extent, the doctrine endorses (with the requisite balance) the public policy
which legally negates attempts to unreasonably proscribe freedom of trade.
Whilst we would _not_ go so far as to state that the doctrine of restraint of
trade _always_ applies in _every_ contractual context, we note that its
application in the context of _employment_ is _well established_. Indeed,
given the strength of the _rationale_ for the application of this doctrine in
the employment context, it is, in our view, clear that the doctrine would
apply in this particular context _even if_ there has been _a compromise_ of
proceedings (subject to the qualification set out below (especially at [65])).
The rationale for this is “the importance of the free flow of expertise in the
context of the welfare of the country as a whole: a factor that presumably
relates to the public interest” (see _Butterworths Common Law Series: The Law
of Contract_ (Michael Furmston gen ed) (LexisNexis, 2nd Ed, 2003) (“
_Butterworths Common Law Series_ ”) at para 5.117). In other words, an
individual’s freedom to exercise his skills as an employee as well as the
benefit to the wider society that would ensue are, in one sense at least, two
equally important sides of the same coin. Indeed, in the leading House of
Lords decision of _Herbert Morris, Limited v Saxelby_ [1916] 1 AC 688 (“
_Herbert Morris_ ”), Lord Atkinson (citing the judgment of Sir W M James VC in
_Leather Cloth Company v Lorsont_ (1869–70) LR 9 Eq 345 at 354) emphasised (at
701) that every person should be at liberty to work for himself or herself,
and ought not (in principle) to deprive either himself or herself, _or_ the
State, of his or her labour, skill and talents.

46 And, in the English Court of Appeal decision of _Nagle v Feilden_ [1966] 2
QB 633, Lord Denning MR observed thus (at 646):

[A] man’s right to work at his trade or profession is just as important to him
as, perhaps more important than, his rights or property. Just as the courts
will intervene to protect his rights of property, they will also intervene to
protect his right to work.

47 All the various reasons which support both the substance as well as the
spirit underlying the law on covenants in restraint of trade in the employment
context are of universal importance, and hence apply, in our view, in
_Singapore_ with equal force.

48 It should also be noted that, when comparing restraint of trade covenants
in the _employment_ context with those in the other well-established scenario
where restraint of trade likewise features (_viz_ , in the context of _the
sale of a business_), the courts scrutinise the covenants in the former
context far more strictly. (There are, of course, occasional cases where a
hybrid situation might present itself, of which a prominent illustration is
the decision of the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council (on appeal from
the Court of Appeal of Hong Kong) in _Robin M Bridge v Deacons_ [1984] 1 AC
705, where the fact situation bore some resemblance to both the situations
just referred to.) As has been observed (see _Butterworths Common Law Series_
([45] _supra_) at para 5.114):

The reasons for this [_ie_ , a stricter application of the restraint of trade
doctrine in the employment context] include the following. First, unlike
contracts of employment, the purchaser in a sale of business of context in
whose favour the covenant is made is buying something tangible, which includes
(very importantly) the element of _goodwill_ which would be necessarily
depreciated if no restrictive covenant were permitted. An employer, on the
other hand, would not be deprived of what he has paid for pursuant to the
contract of employment (the employee’s services) when the employee leaves his
employ, although (as shall be seen) there are other legitimate proprietary
interests that may merit protection even within this context. **_Secondly,
there is likely to be more equality of bargaining power in the case of the
sale of a business compared to an employment contract situation; in the
latter, there is, more often than not, a disparity in bargaining power between
the employer on the one hand and the employee on the other._** [original
emphasis in italics; emphasis added in bold italics]

_The public policy in favour of upholding genuine settlement or compromise
agreements_

49 The _second_ facet of public policy mentioned above at [44] (which we will
hereafter refer to as “Public Policy 2” for convenience of exposition) raises
the question of whether or not, assuming there has been a genuine settlement
or compromise agreement _vis-à-vis_ disputes over covenants or clauses in
restraint of trade in an existing contract, _that_ settlement or compromise
agreement can be _re-opened_ by way of the application of the doctrine of
restraint of trade. The key argument that supports a _negative_ answer to this
question is the clear public policy in favour of upholding “genuine” (as
defined at [43] above) settlement or compromise agreements.

50 One possible logical difficulty with adopting such an approach is that
covenants in restraint of trade _prima facie_ fall within the vitiating factor
of illegality and public policy. However, it is arguable that these covenants
do not always fall within that category of illegality and public policy which
taints a contract in such a legally indelible manner as to render it
impossible to uphold. (This is _a fortiori_ the case with regard to a contract
that is aimed at resolving an existing dispute over a restraint of trade
clause in a prior agreement.) In this regard, it has been argued that there
can be degrees of illegality (see _Butterworths Common Law Series_ at paras
5.10–5.15). Indeed, and more importantly, in the English decision of
_Boddington v Lawton_ [1994] ICR 478, Sir Donald Nicholls VC (at 490) drew _a
distinction between contracts in restraint of trade and other unlawful
contracts such as one to commit murder_ (see also the analogous argument on
the scope of application of the doctrine of severance, albeit with possible
modifications with regard to certain common law rules, in _Butterworths Common
Law Series_ at paras 5.223–5.224). _Further_ , it might be argued that since
_both_ an individual’s freedom to work at his trade or profession and the
sanctity of a compromise or settlement agreement are centred on _public
policy_ , the countervailing public policy which is _stronger_ ought to
prevail. We shall return to this specific difficulty later (at [64]–[68]
below).

_Which facet of public policy (if at all) should prevail?_

(a) A preliminary point – when does the doctrine of restraint of trade apply?

51 Put simply, if there is an actual or a potential conflict between Public
Policy 1 and Public Policy 2, which (if at all) should prevail?

52 However, before the question in the preceding paragraph can be answered, it
must necessarily be assumed that the doctrine of restraint of trade applies in
the first instance. In this regard, this particular issue is more apparent
than real in most cases before the court because the bulk of these cases deal,
in the main, with either an employment situation or the sale of a business,
where, as noted at [45] and [48] above, it is clear that the doctrine applies.

53 Indeed, the _only_ area where the threshold issue of whether or not this
doctrine applies has been raised with any significance is in the context of
_solus agreements_. A solus agreement is, in essence, one entered into between
an oil company on the one hand and a garage proprietor on the other. The
agreement will traditionally contain three covenants entered into by the
garage proprietor (or, in the local context, the petrol station proprietor).
The first is a “tying” covenant pursuant to which the garage proprietor
undertakes to purchase all petrol and other allied petroleum products from the
oil company. The second is a “compulsory trading” covenant pursuant to which
the garage proprietor agrees to keep the garage (or petrol station) open at
all reasonable times. The third is a “continuity” covenant pursuant to which
the garage proprietor promises to extract similar undertakings from any
potential buyer of his garage business during the period of the solus
agreement itself. These three covenants benefit the oil company by enabling it
to systematically plan as well as organise its business over a reasonably
considerable period of time. The garage proprietor obtains, in return, rebates
on the petrol and other products sold; it also often obtains advances of money
or loans to aid in the purchase and/or development of the premises concerned.

54 So much by way of background in so far as _solus agreements_ are concerned.
What is germane for our present purposes is the issue of whether or not, in
order for the doctrine of restraint of trade to operate in the context of
_solus agreements_ , the covenantor (_ie_ , the garage proprietor) must give
up some freedom or right which it had prior to entering into the solus
agreement. A paradigm instance of such a freedom or right would be where the
garage premises are _owned_ by the covenantor at the time it enters into the
covenants in restraint of trade (see, for example, the leading House of Lords
decision of _Esso Petroleum Co Ltd v Harper’s Garage (Stourport) Ltd_ [1968]
AC 269 (“ _Esso Petroleum_ ”)).

55  There was, in fact, a difference of opinion in _Esso Petroleum_ itself as
to whether or not the covenantor had to give up some prior freedom or right
before the doctrine of restraint of trade could be invoked. The majority of
the House responded to this particular issue in the affirmative, whereas Lord
Wilberforce preferred (_id_ at 332–333 and 335–336) a more open-ended approach
which centred, instead, on trade practice.

56  The approach of the majority of the House in _Esso Petroleum_ has, in
fact, been the subject of rather trenchant criticism by one of the foremost
experts on the doctrine of restraint of trade in the Commonwealth (see,
generally, J D Heydon, “The Frontiers of the Restraint of Trade Doctrine”
(1969) 85 LQR 229 and, by the same author, _The Restraint of Trade Doctrine_
(Butterworths, 2nd Ed, 1999) at pp 51–54), with the main argument being that
such an approach is based more on form rather than substance and could,
therefore, lead to anomalous results.

57  Interestingly, in the _Singapore_ context, Lim Teong Qwee JC, in the
Singapore High Court decision of _Shell Eastern Petroleum (Pte) Ltd v Chuan
Hong Auto (Pte) Ltd_ [1995] 3 SLR 281, expressed (at 290–291, [20]–[21]),
albeit by way of _obiter dicta_ , a preference for the broader approach
advocated by Lord Wilberforce in _Esso Petroleum_ (Lim JC’s decision was
affirmed on appeal, but without consideration of this particular point: see
_Chuan Hong Auto (Pte) Ltd v Shell Eastern Petroleum (Pte) Ltd_ [1996] 1 SLR
415). And, for a summary of the position in Australia, where the issue has not
been conclusively decided by the case law thus far, see _Butterworths Common
Law Series_ ([45] _supra_) at para 5.125).

58 It should, however, be noted that this court, in _National Aerated Water Co
Pte Ltd v Monarch Co, Inc_ [2000] 2 SLR 24 (“ _National Aerated Water Co_ ”),
appeared (at [29]) to endorse the approach of the majority in _Esso Petroleum_
in the context of a licensing agreement under which the covenantor gave up
some freedom in return for the right to produce, distribute and sell bottled
carbonated water bearing a certain trade mark. In particular, the court
observed (_ibid_) that there had, on the facts, been a restriction on the
freedom of the covenantor to trade or sell any beverage of its choice which
fell under the criteria listed in the agreement. However, this appeared to be
a passing observation by the court. In any event, it does not impact adversely
on the wider question that is germane to the present appeal, _viz_ , whether
or not the doctrine of restraint of trade applies to situations where there
has been a settlement agreement or compromise arrangement. Indeed, the
observation in _National Aerated Water Co_ itself appears to be rather broad
and would tend to suggest that the doctrine of restraint of trade probably
applies in _most (or virtually all)_ situations. It would appear, therefore,
that this particular issue (_ie_ , whether the covenantor must give up some
pre-existing freedom or right before the doctrine of restraint of trade
applies) _remains open_ for a definitive ruling in the future.

(b) The _Panayiotou_ case

59 Assuming, however, that the doctrine of restraint of trade applies, what
would be the effect of a genuine settlement or compromise agreement _vis-à-
vis_ an existing dispute over a covenant or clause in restraint of trade?
Would such an agreement still be subject to scrutiny to ensure that it does
not fall foul of the doctrine of restraint of trade, or should Public Policy 2
take precedence instead?

60 In the English High Court decision of _Panayiotou v Sony Music
Entertainment (UK) Limited_ [1994] EMLR 229 (“ _Panayiotou_ ”), there was a
clear endorsement of Public Policy 2 in preference to Public Policy 1. There,
Jonathan Parker J held that, notwithstanding the fact that the doctrine of
restraint of trade would _ordinarily_ apply to covenants or clauses in
restraint of trade in _employment contracts_ , where such covenants or clauses
were _the outcome of settlement or compromise of proceedings_ , there was “ _a
clear public interest_ in upholding genuine and proper compromises” [emphasis
added] (_id_ at 345), and, hence, such covenants or clauses would _not_ fall
within the ambit of the doctrine of restraint of trade _in the first
instance_.

61 There are, in our view, compelling reasons in favour of the approach
adopted in _Panayiotou_. If the contracting parties had a dispute over an
existing covenant or clause in restraint of trade _and_ voluntarily arrived at
a settlement or compromise in respect of that particular covenant or clause,
why should one party be permitted, in law, to re-open the matter all over
again? If, in fact, the dissatisfied party was induced to enter into the
settlement or compromise agreement by the other party’s utilisation of a
vitiating factor, the former could invoke the particular vitiating factor
concerned to impugn the settlement or compromise agreement. In the absence of
proof of one or more vitiating factors operating on the facts of the case
itself, there is no reason, in principle, why a court should allow a dispute
which has already been settled or compromised to be re-opened all over again.
Significantly, Jonathan Parker J did, in _Panyiotou_ , suggest that where the
settlement or compromise agreement was entered into in circumstances of
extreme inequality which amounted to unconscionable conduct, the conclusion
arrived at by the court would be quite different.

62  We would add that there is nothing in Public Policy 1 which makes it
undesirable to honour settlement or compromise agreements of this nature. The
situation would, in our view, be _quite different_ if, for example, the
parties had entered into a settlement or compromise agreement that sought to
outflank a statutory provision or common law rule which quite clearly
prevented the parties concerned from contracting out of it. (In this regard,
whether or not a particular _statutory provision_ prevents the contracting
parties from contracting out of it depends on the policy of the statute
concerned, which must be clearly expressed _and_ which must seek to protect a
sufficiently weighty public interest: see, for example, the oft-cited House of
Lords decision of _Johnson v Moreton_ [1980] AC 37.) In contrast, if there is
a genuine difference of opinion as to whether or not such a statutory
provision or common law rule applies to the facts of the case in the first
instance (see, for example, the English Court of Appeal decision of _Binder v
Alachouzos_ [1972] 2 QB 151), there would, of course, be no difficulty in
enforcing a settlement or compromise agreement.

63  However, in the leading Commonwealth textbook on settlements and
compromise (see David Foskett, _The Law and Practice of Compromise_ (Sweet &
Maxwell, 6th Ed, 2005)), it has been observed (consistent with the rationale
canvassed above) thus, at para 4-83:

The common law approach to covenants in unreasonable restraint of trade
_apply_ [sic] _to the employer-employee relationship and, in particular, to
the position of the employee after the termination of the contract of
employment. Any compromise of a dispute between an employer and an employee
that offends the principles encompassed within this approach will be
unenforceable._ [emphasis added]

64 The above argument appears, in fact, to adopt the view that the public
policy inherent in Public Policy 1 is so important that it must perforce
always override or trump the public policy inherent in Public Policy 2.
However, with respect, that is, as we mentioned earlier at [51], _precisely_
the question that has to be answered. To this end, and having regard to the
arguments canvassed above at [45]–[62], it is our view that logic, principle
and fairness entail that Public Policy 2 ought to override or trump Public
Policy 1. However, this is _not_ a _blanket_ proposition, and it is therefore
imperative to delineate _the precise conditions_ under which Public Policy 2
will so prevail; to this, we now turn.

_Circumstances in which Public Policy 2 prevails over Public Policy 1_

65  In our view, Public Policy 2 overrides or trumps Public Policy 1 only
where the following conditions are _cumulatively_ met:

(a) the settlement or compromise agreement relates to the settlement or
compromise of a _prior dispute over a covenant or clause in restraint of
trade_ in an _existing contract_ ; and

(b) the settlement or compromise agreement itself is _not_ tainted by one or
more _vitiating factors_.

66 We are cognisant of the possible argument that the above conditions cover
too narrow a compass. However, we do not agree with this argument. The
approach we strike is, in our view, an appropriate conceptual as well as
practical balance between Public Policy 1 and Public Policy 2. In our view,
the doctrine of restraint of trade ought not to be excluded out of hand
whenever there is a settlement or compromise of a dispute over contractual
terms _other than_ those which relate to an _existing covenant or clause in
restraint of trade_. But, reverting to the facts of the present appeal, can it
not be argued that there was, in this case, a settlement or compromise that
resulted in the covenants in the Termination Agreement? As we have already
explained above (at [24]), those covenants were arrived at through
negotiations between the appellant and the respondent. More importantly, the
Termination Agreement ultimately signed by the parties was _not_ a settlement
or compromise agreement as such, but was, rather, a _new and distinct_
contract altogether (see [25] and [41] above). At the _most literal_ level,
the toing and froing between the parties might be characterised as “disputes”.
However, the _substance_ of their discussions on the Proposed Agreement (which
culminated in the Termination Agreement) constituted no more than the usual
disagreements on specific proposed terms that take place between parties
negotiating a contract before they ultimately arrive at a final (and legally
binding) agreement.

67 In any event, even if the approach we have adopted (_ie_ , that Public
Policy 2 prevails over Public Policy 1 only if the agreement containing the
restraint of trade clause is a settlement or compromise of a dispute over
another earlier (pre-existing) covenant in restraint of trade) is perceived to
be somewhat narrow, this is, in our view, not an undesirable outcome,
especially given the importance of protecting an employee against unreasonable
covenants or clauses in restraint of trade (see, generally, [45]–[48] above).
Moreover, our approach does not completely ignore the legal effect of a
settlement or compromise agreement (provided it does not, we reiterate, fall
foul of one or more vitiating factors).

68 Finally, we observe that the distinction drawn by Mr Chia between the
compromise of a dispute over the _validity_ of a covenant or clause in
restraint of trade on the one hand, which, he argued, was the case in
_Panayiotou_ ([60] _supra_) (and in which situation Public Policy 2 should
take precedence over Public Policy 1), and a compromise that resulted in an
_agreement_ containing covenants or clauses in restraint of trade, which, he
argued, was the case here (and in which situation Public Policy 1 should
prevail instead), would have been broadly consistent with the approach adopted
in the present appeal save for the fact that the latter situation does _not_
constitute _a settlement or compromise_ as such, but, instead, constitutes (as
explained above at [66]) negotiations which lead to the parties arriving at a
_fresh_ agreement containing covenants or clauses in restraint of trade.

**Was Clause C.1 reasonable within the applicable principles relating to the
doctrine of restraint of trade?**

**_The applicable legal principles_**

_Two cumulative aspects of reasonableness_

69 The classic statement of the law in this particular area is that of Lord
Macnaghten in the House of Lords decision of _Thorsten_ _Nordenfelt v The
Maxim Nordenfelt Guns and Ammunition Company, Limited_ [1894] AC 535 (“
_Nordenfelt_ ”). Indeed, this particular statement of law has not only stood
the test of time, but also constitutes, in fact, the legal foundation and
starting point in so far as this particular area of the law of contract is
concerned.

70 In _Nordenfelt_ , Lord Macnaghten observed thus (at 565):

All interference with individual liberty of action in trading, and all
restraints of trade of themselves, if there is nothing more, are contrary to
public policy, and therefore void. That is the general rule. But there are
exceptions: restraints of trade … may be justified by the special
circumstances of a particular case. _It is a sufficient justification, and
indeed it is the only justification, if the restriction is reasonable –
reasonable, that is, in reference to the interests of the parties concerned
and reasonable in reference to the interests of the public_ , so framed and so
guarded as to afford adequate protection to the party in whose favour it is
imposed, while at the same time ... [being] in no way injurious to the public.
[emphasis added]

71 The effect of the above statement of principle has been summarised as
follows (see _Butterworths Common Law Series_ ([45] _supra_) at para 5.103):

Returning to Lord Macnaghten’s statement of principle [in _Nordenfelt_] set
out earlier, … the foundation of the modern law may be summarised as follows:
all covenants in restraint of trade are prima facie void, but may be shown to
be valid _if_ _reasonable_ in the interests of the _parties_ _and_ in the
interests of the _public_ (in which case a remedy, often in the form of an
injunction, may be sought if the covenant concerned is breached). In other
words, the foundational concept is now _reasonableness_ which, in turn, has
two sub-aspects or facets, in that to pass muster, the clause concerned must
first be reasonable in the interests of the _parties_ _and_ , secondly, the
clause must also be reasonable in the interests of the _public_. It is
suggested that this dichotomy is in fact a reflection of the tension … between
the need to maintain the individual parties’ autonomy (particularly that of
the covenantor as embodied under the classic rubric of freedom of contract)
and the wider need to protect the public interest. It is, in addition,
suggested that within the first ... sub-facet – the interests of the parties –
the court has also to take into account a further tension between the need to
uphold the free choice of the covenantor and the need to prevent an abuse that
is nevertheless insufficient to result in the operation of any factors
vitiating the contract itself. The final decision must thus be one that
balances the various factors in both the individual as well as public spheres.
[emphasis in original; footnotes omitted].

72 In so far as the _application_ of the above-mentioned statement of
principle is concerned, the following paragraphs from the same work may be
usefully noted (see _Butterworths Common Law Series_ at paras 5.104–5105):

**5.104** However, the very process of balance means that the specific facts
and circumstances of each case become of vital importance. In addition, the
actual interpretation of the covenant(s) concerned must be done in _context_ ,
for a literal construction, shorn of the context, could lead, inter alia, to
the covenant(s) concerned being unjustifiably struck down. However, the court
will always look to the substance rather than the form in which the
covenant(s) concerned are couched. And in a related vein, it is clear that the
courts will proscribe any indirect attempt to circumvent an otherwise
reasonable covenant, utilising (in the main) techniques of construction of the
covenant itself. In so far as the burden of proof is concerned, this is on the
party seeking to rely upon the covenant. The crucial time for ascertaining
whether or not the covenant in question is in fact reasonable (or
unreasonable, as the case may be) is the time at which the contract is made.

**5.105** Generally speaking, two particular factors almost invariably arise
for reconsideration simply because they are almost always part and parcel of
the covenant itself in any event: the factors of _area_ on the one hand and
_time_ on the other. The idea of physical space, therefore, still remains a
factor, although it cannot obviously be a controlling one, as was the
situation where the distinction between general and partial restraints was
concerned. There is, however, no clear formula that would lead to a fairly
predictable result. To take the factor of time, for example, it has been held
that a covenant that literally fetters forever may be reasonable, having
regard to the specific circumstances of the case. Such was the holding of the
House of Lords in _Fitch v Dewes_ [[1921] 2 AC 158], where a solicitor’s clerk
at a certain town agreed that, after leaving the employer, he would never
practise within seven miles of the town hall. The very small radius of
restraint was a significant factor in the decision of the House, not only
because the smallness of the town meant that the employer had a real and
legitimate interest to protect but also because the covenantor had the rest of
the United Kingdom (indeed, the world) in which to practise. No one factor,
therefore, is decisive; the court has to examine all the circumstances as a
whole and decide accordingly. Some guidelines as to application may, however,
be discerned from the case law itself, in particular where established
categories are concerned.

[emphasis in original; footnotes omitted]

73 The factors of area and time (mentioned in the passage quoted in the
preceding paragraph) are important. In so far as the former factor is
concerned, the fact that Singapore is small in physical size might, depending,
of course, on the particular factual matrix, well prove to be an important
consideration (see also the Singapore High Court decision of _Heller Factoring
(Singapore) Ltd v Ng Tong Yang_ [1998] 3 SLR 299 (“ _Heller Factoring_ ”) at
[22]).

74 It is also important to note, at this juncture, that, notwithstanding some
initial conflation by which the second aspect of reasonableness (_ie_ , that
relating to the interests of the public) appeared to be overwhelmed by, and
subsumed under, the first (_ie_ , reasonableness with reference to the
parties’ interest) (see, in particular, the English Court of Appeal decision
of _Wyatt v Kreglinger and Fernau_ [1933] 1 KB 793), the preferable approach
at present is to distinguish clearly between these two facets of
reasonableness – in particular, to reinstate the idea of reasonableness in the
interests of the public as a distinct and substantive factor. In this regard,
despite some apparent attempts in England to merge the two limbs of
reasonableness (for example, _per_ Lord Pearce in _Esso Petroleum_ ([54]
_supra_) at 324), English law appears, to the best of our knowledge, to still
be in a state of flux in so far as this particular issue is concerned.
Significantly, perhaps, this is _not_ the case in the _Singapore_ context. In
particular, the seminal Singapore High Court decision of _Thomas Cowan & Co
Ltd v Orme_ [1961] MLJ 41 (“ _Thomas Cowan_ ”) must be noted.

75 In _Thomas Cowan_ , the plaintiff employer brought an action against its
former employee to restrain him from continuing to commit a breach of covenant
relating to the plaintiff’s fumigation business. The relevant covenant
stipulated (_id_ at 41–42) that the defendant employee:

[o]n leaving the services of the employer for any reason whatsoever either
pursuant to this Agreement or on any breach of this Agreement shall not carry
on the business of White Ant Exterminator or Fumigator [_ie_ , the plaintiff’s
business] anywhere in the Island of Singapore either by himself or in
partnership with others nor shall he take employment with any person, firm or
corporation carrying on the business of White Ant Exterminators or Fumigators
or any such similar business until the period of three years has expired from
the date of the employee leaving the services of the employer.

The defendant later left the plaintiff’s service and became a director in a
rival company, whereupon the plaintiff brought an action to restrain the
defendant from breaching the above covenant. The court held in favour of the
defendant. Although the judgment by F A Chua J appears to be a straightforward
application of the relevant English principles, a closer analysis of the
decision itself demonstrates (if we may say so) a clear understanding of the
conceptual as well as substantive differences between the two aspects of
reasonableness in Lord Macnaghten’s statement of principle in _Nordenfelt_ (as
reproduced at [70] above). In particular, Chua J first held (at 42) that the
covenant set out above was _reasonable_ as between _the parties themselves_.
He then proceeded to consider, _separately_ , the interests of the _public_ ,
and found, in the event, that the covenant, although reasonable as between the
parties, was _unreasonable_ in so far as the interests of the _public_ were
concerned. In particular, the learned judge observed thus (at 43):

It is clear that if the defendant is not allowed to operate the plaintiffs
would have a _virtual monopoly_ in Singapore as regards the [_sic_] fumigation
by hydrogen cyanide and methyl bromide. In fact prior to the defendant’s firm
coming into existence the plaintiffs were the only firm in Singapore doing
fumigation. … [S]ince the defendant’s firm commenced business in competition
with the plaintiffs, the charges for ship fumigation have dropped, which is a
good thing, but there is no evidence that the standard of fumigation of ships
has deteriorated. [emphasis added]

76 We take this opportunity to endorse the approach adopted by Chua J in
_Thomas Cowan_ , which (if we may be permitted to add) was ahead of its time
and is still relatively novel even when compared to the present English
position (though _cf_ the prior English cases of not only _Nordenfelt_ ([69]
_supra_) itself, but also the House of Lords decision of _McEllistrim v
Ballymacelligott Cooperative Agricultural and Dairy Society, Limited_ [1919]
AC 548 at 562–563, as well as the Commonwealth cases cited in _Butterworths
Common Law Series_ ([45] _supra_) at para 5.109, to which may usefully be
added the Ontario High Court decision of _Sherk v Horwitz_ [1972] 2 OR 451; 25
DLR (3d) 675 (affirmed by the Ontario Court of Appeal in _Sherk v Horwitz_
[1973] 1 OR 360; 31 DLR (3d)152, but on other grounds) and the Alberta Court
of Queen’s Bench decision of _Baker v Lintott_ [1981] 2 WWR 385; 25 AR 512
(reversed by the Alberta Court of Appeal in _Baker v Lintott_ [1982] 4 WWR
766, but only as to the facts), all of which authorities recognise the
distinction between the two aspects of reasonableness set out in
_Nordenfelt_).

77 Indeed, as is evident from Lord Macnaghten’s statement of principle in
_Nordenfelt_ itself, the two aspects of reasonableness are clearly distinct,
although they complement each other (see also above at [74]). In particular,
the second aspect of reasonableness (_ie_ , that relating to the public
interest) ensures that the impact of local circumstances is also taken into
account; this is, in fact, clearly illustrated by the observations of Chua J
(as quoted at [75] above).

78 It is also significant to note that _Nordenfelt_ was in fact cited to the
Court of Appeal of the Straits Settlements (on appeal from Singapore) as early
as the turn of the last century (see _John Little & Company, Ltd v Wallace_
[1902] SSLR 53, which concerned a covenant in restraint of trade in an
_employment_ context), and has been applied since. (See, for example, another
relatively early decision of the Straits Settlements High Court, _Pherdzaha
Maneekji Framroz v Nowroji Rustamji Mistri_ [1932] MLJ 96 (“ _Framroz_ ”); the
appeal against that decision was dismissed, with the Straits Settlement Court
of Appeal delivering an oral judgment upholding the decision of the court
below (_id_ at 98).) And, for more recent decisions, see, for example, the
Singapore High Court decision of _VSL Prestressing (Australia) Pty Ltd v
Mulholland_ [1969-1971] SLR 527 (“ _VSL Prestressing_ ”). Indeed, in _VSL
Prestressing_ , Choor Singh J characterised (at 532, [112]) Lord Macnaghten’s
statement of principle in _Nordenfelt_ as being “laid down in the clearest and
most happily selected language”. We are of the view that this judicial
accolade is, indeed, richly deserved.

_A legitimate proprietary interest_

(a) General principles

79 It has also been clearly established that there cannot be a bare and
blatant restriction of the freedom to trade (commonly referred to as a
“covenant in gross”): see the oft-cited Privy Council decision of _Vancouver
Malt and Sake Brewing Company, Limited v Vancouver Breweries, Limited_ [1934]
AC 181 (on appeal from the British Columbia Court of Appeal). There must
always – and this is a fundamental legal proposition in this particular area
of the law – be _a legitimate proprietary interest_ which the court will then
seek to protect by way of the doctrine of restraint of trade (indeed, in the
present case, the Judge found that Clause C.3 was, in effect, a covenant in
gross (see above at [13])). However, even where a legitimate proprietary
interest is shown, the court will ensure that the covenant in restraint of
trade goes _no further than what is necessary_ to protect the interest
concerned.

80 In the context of the _sale of a business_ , the main legitimate
proprietary interest is that of goodwill.

81 In the _employment_ context, we have already noted that the courts
generally adopt a relatively stricter approach towards covenants in restraint
of trade (see above at [48]). More specifically, in so far as the issue of a
legitimate proprietary interest is concerned, there are generally two main
interests which have been identified by the courts as meriting protection in
this particular context. As stated in _Butterworths Common Law Series_ ([45]
_supra_) at para 5.118:

There are two interests that have been clearly identified in an employment
context to merit protection by the courts, provided of course that the
requisite proof is forthcoming. Indeed, so well-established and significant
are these two particular interests that the courts will grant protection even
where there is no express covenant ... based on the duty of fidelity owed by
the employee to his or her employer; there will, on [_sic_] other words, be
implied terms in order that the interest concerned be protected. These two
interests are _trade secrets_ and _trade connection_ , respectively, and have
been long-established in the case law: see, for example, the House of Lords
decisions of _Mason v Provident Clothing and Supply Co Ltd_ [[1913] AC 724]
and _Herbert Morris Ltd v Saxelby_ [[1916] 1 AC 688]. [emphasis in original;
footnotes omitted]

Reference may also be made, in the local context, to _Heller Factoring_ ([73]
_supra_) at [15].

82 Given that the present appeal relates to the employment context, it would
be apposite to consider both of the above-mentioned interests in a little more
detail.

(b) Trade secrets in the employment context

83 In so far as _trade secrets_ are concerned, the observations by Neill LJ in
the English Court of Appeal decision of _Faccenda Chicken Ltd v Fowler_ [1987]
Ch 117 (“ _Faccenda Chicken_ ”) at 137–138, although not directed at an
express covenant in restraint of trade as such, are nevertheless apposite in
so far as they constitute guidelines that would aid the court in ascertaining
whether or not something constitutes a trade secret (or its equivalent).
According to Neill LJ, the factors to take into consideration are:

(a) _The nature of the employment_ – where the employee habitually handles
confidential information, a higher obligation of confidentiality may be
imposed.

(b) _The nature of the information itself_ – in this regard, the information
concerned must be a trade secret or material which, whilst not properly
described as a trade secret as such, is, having regard to all the various
circumstances, “of such a highly confidential nature as to require the same
protection as a trade secret” (_id_ at 137).

(c) _Whether the employer impressed on the employee the confidentiality of the
information_ – on this point, Neill LJ was of the view that, in order to
prevent the use or disclosure of the information in question, it was
insufficient for the employer to merely tell the employee that the information
was confidential. The employer’s attitude towards the information itself had
to be considered as well.

(d) _Whether the relevant information can be easily isolated from other
information which the employee is free to disclose_ – where the information
alleged to be confidential is “part of a package” (as Neill LJ put it (_id_ at
138)) and the remainder of the package is not confidential, this factor,
although not conclusive in itself, can shed light on whether the information
in question is truly a trade secret.

84 Where the information concerned is freely available in the marketplace, it,
of course, cannot possibly be acquired by the employer as a trade secret (see
the Singapore High Court decision of _Medivac International Management Pte Ltd
v Moore_ [1987] SLR 415 at 421, [15]–[16], where _Faccenda Chicken_ was cited
and applied).

85 It was also held in _Faccenda Chicken_ that where the confidential
information in question fell _short_ of constituting a trade secret, such
information, although not permitted to be disclosed or used by the employee
whilst still _within the employ_ of the employer, could be disclosed or used
_after_ the contract of employment came to an end (_id_ at 136–137). In our
view, the stricter duty imposed during the period of employment is wholly
consistent with the duty of fidelity owed by the employee to the employer
whilst in the latter’s service (see also [193] below). These principles, it
should be noted, have been endorsed in the Singapore context: see, for
example, the decision of this court in _Tang Siew Choy v Certact Pte Ltd_
[1993] 3 SLR 44 (“ _Tang Siew Choy_ ”) at 50, [16].

86 The court in _Faccenda Chicken_ further held (_per_ Neill LJ at 137) that
even the use of an _express_ covenant to protect confidential information
falling short of a trade secret _after_ the contract of employment had come to
an end was _not_ permitted. Subsequent (and more recent) authorities have cast
doubt on this particular proposition (see, for example, the English High Court
decisions of _Balston Limited v Headline Filters Limited_ [1987] FSR 330,
especially at 347–348, and _Systems Reliability Holdings plc v Smith_ [1990]
IRLR 377 at [64]–[65], as well as the New South Wales Court of Appeal decision
of _Wright v Gasweld Pty Ltd_ (1991) 20 IPR 481; but _cf_ _Roger Bullivant Ltd
v Ellis_ [1987] ICR 464 and _Mainmet Holdings plc v Austin_ [1991] FSR 538).
In Singapore, there has been no detailed analysis of the difference in views
just outlined. The answer may well lie in the _approach_ that is adopted. If
one is of the view that full rein should be given to the concept of freedom of
contract, an express (as opposed to an implied) covenant ought to be held to
be sufficient to prevent either the disclosure or use of the confidential
information. If, on the other hand, one adopts the view that it is the
_status_ of the information concerned that is the critical factor, then the
use or disclosure of such information should be allowed after the employment
contract comes to an end, as that is when the duty of fidelity owed by the
employee to his or her employer simultaneously terminates as well.

87 However, a line must be drawn between a covenant which seeks to protect a
legitimate proprietary interest on the one hand and one which merely seeks to
prevent the employee in question from exercising his or her own natural skill
and talent, even if such skill and talent are acquired by the employee in the
course of his or her employment (see also _Framroz_ ([78] _supra_) at 97). The
courts will not sanction the latter. Much will, therefore, depend on the
facts. As Kan Ting Chiu J put it in the Singapore High Court decision of _Asia
Business Forum Pte Ltd v Long Ai Sin_ [2003] 4 SLR 658 at [18]:

What are the qualities of a trade secret? A trade secret can be in any form.
It can be simple or complex. It can be the result of intense thought and
immense effort, or it may be a chance discovery. It is not possible to state
comprehensively the necessary make-up of a trade secret.

(The appeal against Kan J’s decision in the above case was dismissed: see the
editorial note to the Lawnet version (available at http://www.lawnet.com.sg;
accessed 21 November 2007) of _Asia Business Forum Pte Ltd v Long Ai Sin_
[2004] 2 SLR 173, a decision of the Court of Appeal in related proceedings.)

88 So in the leading House of Lords decision of _Mason v Provident Clothing
and Supply Company, Limited_ [1913] AC 724, for example, the House held,
_inter alia_ , that the success of the defendant employee was due, in the
main, to his natural gifts as a canvasser, and only secondarily to special
training provided by the plaintiff employer. In the circumstances, therefore,
no trade secrets were involved as such.

89 In another leading House of Lords decision already referred to, _Herbert
Morris_ ([45] _supra_), the plaintiff employer was a leading manufacturer of
hoisting machinery whilst the defendant employee was its draughtsman. One of
the issues concerned the enticement of the plaintiff’s customers – another
legitimate proprietary interest in the context of employment contracts, which
will be dealt with briefly in a moment. What is germane for present purposes
is the fact that there were a large number of “E charts” that gave details of
manufacture, the strength of the materials used and other miscellaneous facts
gained through experience. In addition, there were “L drawings” that comprised
tables and plotted graphs indicating the composition and dimensions suitable
for specific jobs. There was also commercially valuable information pertaining
to the requirements of existing customers as well as the probable requirements
of prospective ones. The plaintiff employer was unsuccessful in seeking to
enforce a covenant in restraint of trade against the defendant employee. The
House held, _inter alia_ , that the plaintiff could not demonstrate the
presence of any trade secrets which required protection. In this particular
regard, the House found (at 703) that the information in question, although
handed out from time to time by the plaintiff to its employees, was ultimately
traced and returned to the former. The House also found that it was impossible
for any employee to memorise the enormous amount of complex details involved,
although he or she might conceivably recollect the general character and
principle of the scheme of organisation practised by the plaintiff; such
general character and principle could not, however, be considered a trade
secret meriting protection under law. Finally, the plaintiff’s managing
director conceded in evidence that the real object of the plaintiff in
imposing the restraint was to preclude competition by the defendant employee
after he left the plaintiff’s employment (when, in point of fact, the
defendant was merely utilising his general skill and knowledge).

90 The situation would be quite different if it were found that the employee
in question had clearly assimilated the confidential information concerned:
see, for example, the English High Court decision of _Forster and Sons
(Limited) v Suggett_ (1918) 35 TLR 87. Indeed, much will (as already
emphasised above) turn on the precise facts in question (see, for example, the
English Court of Appeal decision of _Commercial Plastics Ltd v Vincent_ [1965]
1 QB 623, which distinguished _Herbert Morris_ , although the court ultimately
held that the covenant in restraint of trade was unenforceable).

91 It also follows that any trade secrets or confidential information must be
_specifically pleaded_ , as a general assertion will obviously not pass
muster: see, for example, the decision of this court in _Stratech Systems Ltd
v Nyam Chiu Shin_ [2005] 2 SLR 579 (“ _Stratech_ ”). There must also be an
evidentiary basis that substantiates the allegations by the employer (see, for
example, the decision of this court in _Ng Thiam Kiat v Universal Westech (S)
Pte Ltd_ [1997] 3 SLR 419, especially at [16]).

92 More importantly, _Stratech_ reaffirms (at [48]–[49]) the proposition that
where the protection of confidential information or trade secrets is already
covered by _another_ clause in the contract, the covenantee will have to
demonstrate that the restraint of trade clause in question covers a legitimate
proprietary interest _over and above_ the protection of confidential
information or trade secrets. Indeed, this proposition is, in our view, a
_general_ one and would apply equally in the context of other legitimate
proprietary interests (for example, that of trade connection, to which we now
briefly turn our attention) as well.

(c) Trade connection in the employment context

93 The second proprietary interest that is traditionally recognised as well as
protected by the courts in the employment context is that of _trade
connection_. It has been clearly established in the case law that there must,
in this regard, be _personal knowledge of (and influence over) the customers
of the employer_ (see, for example, _Herbert Morris_ ([45] _supra_)). It has
also been clearly established that the courts will not allow employers to
achieve by _indirect_ means what they cannot otherwise do through direct
means: see, for example, the English decisions of _Bull v Pitney-Bowes Ltd_
[1967] 1 WLR 273 and _Esso Petroleum_ ([54] _supra_) at 300 (_per_ Lord Reid),
commenting on the English Court of Appeal decision of _Kores Manufacturing Co
Ltd v Kolok Manufacturing Co Ltd_ [1959] Ch 108 (“ _Kores_ ”); see also, in
this regard, M P Furmston, _Cheshire, Fifoot and Furmston’s Law of Contract_
(Oxford University Press, 15th Ed, 2007) at p 531.

(d) The present appeal – legitimate proprietary interests in the context of
non-solicitation clauses

94 The present appeal does _not_ – at least, not directly – involve either of
the two legitimate proprietary interests traditionally protected within the
employment context as briefly described above (_viz_ , trade secrets and trade
connection). It is important to emphasise, right at the outset, that apart
from trade secrets and trade connection, _other_ legitimate proprietary
interests may also exist and be protected by the courts in this particular
context, although they must obviously be legally justified.

95 To return to the facts in the present appeal, what was breached here (_viz_
, Clause C.1) was what is traditionally known as a “non-solicitation clause”.
Non-solicitation clauses can, of course, apply to the solicitation of the
former employer’s _customers_ or employees, or to both. For the avoidance of
doubt, when we refer to “non-solicitation clauses” in _the present judgment_ ,
we are referring to clauses directed at solicitation of the former employer’s
_employees_.

96 The appellant pointed us to precedents which acknowledge such clauses as
being both appropriate as well as necessary in the employment context. The
reasoning which underlies these cases is that the employer has a legitimate
proprietary interest to maintain a stable, trained workforce. The oft-cited
decision in this regard is that of the English Court of Appeal in _Ingham v
ABC Contract Services Ltd_ (12 November 1993, unreported) (“ _Ingham_ ”). In
that case, the plaintiff carried on business as a recruitment consultant
supplying temporary staff to various businesses. One of the covenants that was
considered was a non-solicitation clause under which the employee covenanted
not to “solicit or entice or endeavour to solicit or entice away any director,
manager or servant of the [plaintiff employer] or any associated company”.
Leggatt LJ (with whom Russell LJ agreed) observed thus (quoting from the
transcript of the judgment in Lexis, available at http://www.lexisnexis.com
(accessed 21 November 2007)):

[The non-solicitation covenant] is intended to prevent the defendant
[employee] from poaching the [plaintiff employer’s] employees after he has
left [the plaintiff’s] employment. _[The plaintiff has] a legitimate interest
in maintaining a stable, trained work force in what is acknowledged to be a
highly competitive business._ That is an interest which the [plaintiff is]
entitled to protect against solicitation and enticement by the [d]efendant.
[emphasis added]

97 Leggatt LJ’s statement of principle in _Ingham_ has been endorsed in a
number of subsequent cases (and is, in fact, consistent with yet another
English High Court decision, _SBJ Stephenson Limited v Keith Anthony Mandy_
[2000] FSR 286 (“ _SBJ Stephenson Limited_ ”) at 300, although _Ingham_ was
not expressly cited there). These cases include the (also) English Court of
Appeal decision of _Dawnay, Day & Co Ltd v De Braconier D’Alphen_ [1997] IRLR
442 (“ _Dawnay_ ”), which affirmed the High Court’s decision in _Dawnay, Day &
Co Ltd v De Braconier D’Alphen_ [1997] IRLR 285, as well as the English High
Court decisions of _Alliance Paper Group plc v Prestwich_ [1996] IRLR 25 (“
_Alliance Paper Group_ ”) and _TSC Europe (UK) Ltd v Massey_ [1999] IRLR 22 (“
_TSC Europe_ ”).

98 Indeed, from the more general (yet no less important) perspective of
justice and fairness, there is no reason in principle why the class of
legitimate interests (particularly _vis-à-vis_ an established context such as
the one under consideration in this appeal, _viz_ , the employment context)
should be arbitrarily confined. As Evans LJ (with whom Ward and Nourse LJJ
agreed) observed in _Dawnay_ at [30]:

In my judgment, far from confining the circumstances in which covenants in
restraint of trade may be enforced to certain categories of case[s], and
defining those categories strictly, the courts have moved in the opposite
direction. The established categories are not rigid, and they are not
exclusive. Rather, the covenant may be enforced when the covenantee _has a
legitimate interest, of whatever kind, to protect, and_ when the covenant is
no wider than is necessary to protect that interest. [emphasis added]

99 It should, however, be noted that there are some (also English Court of
Appeal) authorities that take a _contrary_ view; for instance, _Hanover
Insurance Brokers Ltd v Schapiro_ [1994] IRLR 82 (“ _Hanover Insurance
Brokers_ ”), where Dillon LJ (with whom Nourse LJ agreed) observed thus (at
[15]–16]):

[T]he difficulties in law in the way of a non-poaching agreement _between
employers_ are very clearly explained in the decision of the Court in _Kores
Manufacturing Co Ltd v Kolok Manufacturing Co Ltd_ [1959] Ch 109. _In
particular, the employee has the right to work for the employer he wants to
work for if that employer is willing to employ him_. _Moreover_ , the
restriction as drawn [in _Hanover Insurance Brokers_] would apply to _all
employees_ of [the employer] _irrespective of expertise or juniority, and_
would apply to those who were employees at the time of the solicitation or
enticement _even if they had only become employees after all the defendants
[the employees] had left [the employer’s]_ _service._ _[The employer] cannot
impose a mere covenant against competition on the defendants._ That is why a
covenant not to canvass persons who had become _customers_ of [the employer]
only after the defendants had ceased to be employees of [the employer] would
be invalid … _The same_ must be the case with _employees_. ...

[Counsel for the employer] submits that an insurance broker depends on its
staff and the team will of its staff, and that the goodwill of an insurance
broker’s business depends on its staff. So in a sense it does, as with any
other company, _but that does not make the staff an asset of the company like
apples or pears or other stock in trade, nor does it entitle [the employer] to
impose a covenant against competition on the [employees]_.

[emphasis added]

100 If necessary, we would (with the exception of perhaps one point discussed
at [106]–[110] below) respectfully disagree with the approach adopted by
Dillon LJ in _Hanover Insurance Brokers_ as set out in the preceding paragraph
(which approach was also adopted in the Hong Kong District Court decision of
_Emperor Resorts International Limited v Wong Chi Hang_ [2004] HKDC 40, where
the judge stated at [71] that the law did not regard employees as an asset of
the employer and that there was therefore no implied duty on the part of an
employee not to poach his former colleagues; for a contrary view, see the
passage quoted at [118] below). However, we also note that Dillon LJ relied
heavily on the English Court of Appeal’s previous decision in _Kores_ ([93]
_supra_) (see also Philip Sales, “Covenants Restricting Recruitment of
Employees and the Doctrine of Restraint of Trade” (1988) 104 LQR 600,
especially at 612–614, although it should be noted that this article was
published _prior to_ the more recent cases referred to above at [96]–[97],
which take the _contrary_ position that an employer does have a legitimate
interest in maintaining a stable, trained workforce). It has been said of
_Kores_ (_per_ Michael Jefferson, _Restraint of Trade_ (John Wiley & Sons,
1996) at p 24) that:

The case may be distinguished as not involving a covenant between employers
and employees, and the court’s statement on the issue of legitimate
proprietary interest is _obiter._ There are indications in more recent cases
that employers do have such an interest in the stability of their workforce.

101 We are of the view that _Kores_ can, in fact, be distinguished, albeit not
for precisely the same reasons as those set out by the learned author in the
preceding paragraph. In particular, we do not regard the court in _Kores_ as
having rejected, out of hand, the need to maintain a stable, trained workforce
as a legitimate proprietary interest. On the _contrary_ , it appears to us
that that court _did_ , _in principle_ , accept the existence of such an
interest. _However_ , the particular clause in _that_ case did _not_ pass
muster because the covenantor sought to protect this interest via an
_unacceptable type of clause_. In _Kores_ , the agreement in question was
entered into between two _employers_ in the following terms (_id_ at 110):

In consideration of your agreeing not without our written consent to, at any
time, employ any person who, during the then past five years, shall have been
a servant of ours, we undertake not, without your written consent, to, at any
time, employ any person who, during the then past five years, shall have been
a servant of yours.

102 To elaborate, the _substance_ of the above clause, although entered into
between _employers_ , was – in the words of Jenkins LJ, who delivered the
judgment of the court – as follows (_Kores_ at 125):

But an employer has _no legitimate interest_ in preventing an employee, after
leaving his service, from entering the service of a competitor _merely_ on the
ground that the new employer is a competitor. The danger of the adequacy and
stability of his [the covenantor’s] complement of employees being impaired
through employees leaving his service and entering that of a rival [in _Kores_
, the covenantee] is not a danger against which he is entitled to protect
himself _by exacting from his employees_ covenants that they will not, after
leaving his service, enter the service of any competing concern. _If_ _in the
present case the plaintiffs_ [the covenantor] _had taken a covenant from each
of their employees that he_ _would not enter the service of the defendants_
[the covenantee] _at any time during the five years next following the
termination of his service with the plaintiffs, and_ _the defendants had taken
from their employees covenants restraining them in similar terms from entering
the employment of the plaintiffs, we should have thought that (save possibly
in very exceptional cases involving trade secrets, confidential information
and the like) all such covenants would on the face of them be bad as involving
a restraint of trade which was unreasonable as between the parties_. [emphasis
added]

103 With respect, there is a conundrum of general principle and logic involved
in the above holding: If a clause is intended to maintain a stable, trained
workforce, how, then, can it be argued that such a clause is a mere device to
prevent the employee from entering the service of the new employer _merely_ on
the ground that the latter is a competitor of the original employer? If, of
course, the clause is in fact such a device, it would be tantamount to a bare
and blatant restriction of the freedom to trade; it would be a covenant in
gross (see [79] above). _However_ , such reasoning is circular inasmuch as it
_assumes_ a (_negative_) answer to what is _still_ in issue – namely, whether
or not the covenantor/employer does, in fact, have _a legitimate proprietary
interest_ in maintaining a stable, trained workforce that (in turn) merits
protection via a non-solicitation clause which satisfies the twin requirements
of reasonableness set out by Lord Macnaghten in _Nordenfelt_ (as stated at
[70] above). In other words, to _assume_ that there is _no_ legitimate
proprietary interest in maintaining a stable, trained workforce in order to
_arrive at_ _the conclusion_ that there is, in fact, _no_ _such_ legitimate
proprietary interest (and, hence, that a covenant aimed at securing a stable,
trained workforce is a mere covenant in gross) is, with respect, circular
reasoning. Instead, the court must, based on reason and principle, address the
_quite distinct_ issue of _whether or not_ maintaining a stable, trained
workforce _ought_ to be recognised as _a legitimate proprietary interest_.
Indeed, _Kores_ itself did not concern a clause which prevented a former
employee from soliciting other employees. To the extent that the decision in
_Kores_ did not address this very important issue directly, it ought not, in
our view, to be followed. _Indeed, it is our view that it is precisely because
of the reasons just given that the latest English authorities to the contrary_
(set out above at [96]–[97]) _ought to be followed_ _instead_.

104 It should also be noted that _Kores_ has itself been subject to some
criticism inasmuch as whilst the court purported to focus on the interest of
_the parties_ (the _first_ branch of reasonableness set out by Lord Macnaghten
in _Nordenfelt_), the real issue to be decided in that particular case was
really whether or not the clause concerned was reasonable in the interests of
_the public_ (which is the _second_ branch of reasonableness set out by Lord
Macnaghten in _Nordenfelt_): see _Esso Petroleum_ ([54] _supra_) at 300 and
319 (_per_ Lord Reid and Lord Hodson, respectively) and _Cheshire, Fifoot and
Furmston’s Law of Contract_ ([93] _supra_) at p 532. It is, in our view,
unfortunate that the court in _Kores_ merely referred briefly to the issue
centring on reasonableness _vis-à-vis_ the public interest and decided,
ultimately, that it was unnecessary to decide the point (_id_ at 127),
especially since the court then proceeded to hint that it would have decided
this particular point (_ie_ , reasonableness in relation to the public
interest) in favour of the covenantee as it was “not wholly convinced” (_id_
at 128) by the covenantor’s argument that such a clause was reasonable in the
interests of the _public_.

105 It should equally be noted that a number of _textbooks_ appear to adopt a
more _neutral_ approach than that taken in _Kores_ on the question of whether
or not the maintenance of a stable, trained workforce is a legitimate
proprietary interest which the employer can protect by way of a non-
solicitation clause (see, for example, _The Restraint of Trade Doctrine_ ([56]
_supra_) at p 101 and R A Buckley, _Illegality and Public Policy_ (Sweet &
Maxwell, 2002) at para 14.14; but _cf_ Simon Mehigan & David Griffiths,
_Restraint of Trade and Business Secrets: Law and Practice_ (FT Law & Tax, 3rd
Ed,1996) at para 8.4.3, where _Hanover Insurance Brokers_ ([99] _supra_) is
preferred and where reference is made to the Hong Kong Court of Appeal
decision of _Kao, Lee & Yip v Koo Hoi-yan Donald_ [1995] 1 HKLR 248 at
252–253.) These textbooks, however, merely reflect _the state of flux_ which
the law was in at the time of their publication. The preponderance of
authority now appears to be in favour of _recognising_ such an interest.

106 However, it must be emphasised that the acceptance of such an interest
does _not_ , _ipso facto_ , render a non-solicitation clause (as defined at
[95] above) reasonable. This is because the clause would _still_ be subject to
the twin tests of reasonableness enunciated by Lord Macnaghten in _Nordenfelt_
(see [70] above). To this end, the clause would have to be examined closely,
with particular regard to the factual context in which it was made and in
which it was supposed to operate. More specifically, do the _categories of
employees sought to be covered_ by the clause matter? If, for example, a non-
solicitation clause covers _all_ employees in the company concerned, would the
clause be held by the court to be _too wide_? This was, in fact, one of the
holdings in _Hanover_ _Insurance Brokers_ , where an _additional_ reason why
the clause in that case did not pass muster was that it did not distinguish
between the relative seniority of the employees concerned (_id_ at [15]).
Indeed, this was also an integral part of the reasoning in the earlier
decision of _Kores_ ([93] _supra_), which, as we have seen, was heavily relied
upon in _Hanover Insurance Brokers_. The same approach was adopted by the
English High Court in _TSC Europe_ ([97] _supra_), where the court, although
endorsing (as we have seen at [97] above) the view in _Ingham_ ([96] _supra_)
that the maintenance of a stable, trained workforce could constitute a
legitimate proprietary interest that could be protected by a covenant in
restraint of trade, nevertheless held (at [50]) that the clause in _that_
particular case (_ie_ , _TSC Europe_) could not pass muster as the protection
which it sought to afford the employer was more than what was reasonably
necessary to protect the employer’s legitimate proprietary interest.

107 The clause in _TSC Europe_ covered the solicitation of “ _any_ employee”
[emphasis added]. More specifically, the material part of the clause imposed a
restraint on the employee, who promised not to “solicit, procure or induce, or
endeavour to procure or induce, _any_ employee … to leave his employment with
such company” [emphasis added]. Judge Peter Whiteman QC observed (at [50]),
with regard to the clause just quoted, as follows:

In my judgment, [the clause] has _two clear vices. First_ , it prohibits [the
employee] from soliciting any employee [of the employer] … _without reference
to his or her importance to the business and whether or not he or she has any
knowledge or experience in relation to_ _[the employer’s] fields of activity_.
_Secondly_ , the covenant prohibits [the employee] from soliciting any such
employment _even if their employment_ with [the employer] _commenced after_
[the employee] left the company. It is the combined effect of these two vices
that is critical ... [emphasis added]

108 A similar observation has also been made in a textbook already referred
to, as follows (see _Restraint of Trade_ ([100] _supra_) at pp 23–24):

Such a [non-solicitation] clause, it is thought, must be restricted to
colleagues over whom the employee had influence, and it is suggested that such
a clause may well be inappropriate in relation to members of staff whom the
employers can easily replace: cleaners may be instanced.

109 It should be noted, however, that the learned author then proceeds to
observe thus (_id_ at p 24):

This type of covenant is intended to prevent the employers losing their
workforce to a competing firm. It demonstrates that the interests which the
employers can protect are not restricted to trade connections and trade
secrets. This list of legitimate proprietary interests is not closed.

110 In our view, the _scope (or, more accurately, the categories)_ of
employees _covered_ under a non-solicitation clause goes to the
_reasonableness_ of the clause concerned, which, in turn, depends on the
_precise factual matrix_ concerned. No blanket rule ought to be laid down,
although we would agree that it would generally be more difficult to justify a
non-solicitation clause which covers the solicitation of just “any” employee.
In this regard, it may be of significance to note that, in _Ingham_ ([96]
_supra_) as well as other decisions, there is a reference to a _trained_
workforce (see especially, _SBJ Stephenson Limited_ ([97] _supra_) at 300).
Although the concept of a “trained” workforce is, arguably, a broad one that
ought to be construed in the context of the particular factual matrix in
question, generally speaking, we would think that if the non-solicitation
clause concerned covers employees whose work entails very minimal (or even no)
expertise and does not form an integral part of the employer’s operations, it
would (absent extraordinary circumstances) be extremely difficult for the
employer to justify the reasonableness of that particular clause. It must,
however, always be remembered that the permutations of possible factual
matrices are far too vast and complex to permit of any one overarching legal
principle. For example – and taking a modified version of the situation
mentioned at [108] above – if an employer runs a cleaning service and his
workforce therefore comprises cleaners, there might be a good argument in
favour of upholding a non-solicitation clause that relates to cleaners
(notwithstanding the relatively low level of skill generally required for that
job); in contrast, such an argument might not be persuasive if the cleaners
are only one of several categories of employees in an employer’s business.
_Everything, in the final analysis, depends on the particular factual matrix_.

111 We note too that there has been a suggestion that a non-solicitation
clause may _not_ be justified by reference _only_ to an employer’s interest in
maintaining a stable, trained workforce. In particular, in the recent New
South Wales Supreme Court decision of _Kearney v Crepaldi_ [2006] NSWSC 23,
McDougall J observed thus at [58] (_vis-à-vis_ a factual scenario in which
there had been use of confidential information gained by the employee during
the course of his employment):

Those authorities [which included, _inter alia_ , _Ingham_ ([96] _supra_),
_Dawnay_ ([97] _supra_) and _Hanover Insurance Brokers_ ([99] _supra_)] ...
seem to support the conclusion that a covenant given by an employee to an
employer, prohibiting the employee, after termination, from soliciting former
fellow employees to join a new business venture, _may not be justified simply
by the employer’s interest in maintaining a stable trained workforce, but may
be justified where the solicitation is based on confidential information which
the former employee has concerning the relationship between the other
employees and the employer. In other words, it may be justified where the
former employee uses (or may use) confidential knowledge gained in the course
of the contract of employment to target particular employees and to pitch the
terms of offers of employment to them_. I do not intend this to be a
comprehensive statement of the circumstances in which such a covenant may be
upheld; it is, at most a statement that is sufficient for the purposes of the
question for my decision. [emphasis added]

112 There is some support for the position set out in the preceding paragraph
in the English context, as can be seen from _Dawnay_ ([97] _supra_), where the
English Court of Appeal observed thus (at [47]):

The [non-solicitation] clause can be regarded as objectionable because it
restricts not only rights of the former employee to recruit staff for his new
business, but also the opportunities of the remaining employees to learn about
future employment possibilities for themselves. _However, their ability and
right to do so through making enquiries of their own, and through
advertisements and other channels of communication in the normal way, is not
restricted at all. The employer’s need for protection arises because the ex-
employee may seek to exploit the knowledge which he has gained of [the
remaining employees’] particular qualifications, rates of remuneration and so
on, which the judge [at first instance] included in his general description of
specific confidential information which the managers [the ex-employees in that
case] acquired_. [emphasis added]

113 However, there has, in fact, been an even more recent decision (likewise
by the New South Wales Supreme Court, _per_ Brereton J), _Cactus Imaging Pty
Limited v Glenn Peters_ [2006] NSWSC 717 (“ _Cactus Imaging_ ”), where a
_contrary_ approach was taken. Although _Cactus Imaging_ is a first instance
decision, it contains a comprehensive review of the relevant case law and
(more importantly) carefully analyses the relevant arguments before arriving
at the conclusion that the maintenance of a stable, trained workforce is
indeed a legitimate proprietary interest that the employer is entitled to
protect via a non-solicitation clause, _and_ that this is so _even in the
absence of_ protectable confidences. Given the relative uncertainty of the law
on this particular issue, we take the opportunity to consider this particular
decision in more detail.

114 In _Cactus Imaging_ , there were a number of issues before the court. One,
which is directly relevant to the present appeal, related to the status of a
clause restraining the employee concerned from soliciting employees of the
employer following the end of his employment. The clause itself read as
follows:

9.1 The employee will not directly or indirectly and whether solely or jointly
or as director, manager, agent or servant of any person or corporation, do any
of the following acts at anytime during the course of employment and for 12
months thereafter:

…

9.1.3 Solicit, interfere with or endeavour to entice away any employee,
consultant or contractor of the employer …

115 As already mentioned, Brereton J embarked on a comprehensive (and, if we
may say, extremely helpful) review of the case law from a number of
Commonwealth jurisdictions. In the process, a number of important points
emerged.

116 First, Brereton J pointed out at [45]) that the observations by Jenkins LJ
in _Kores_ ([93] _supra_), which we referred to earlier at [102] above, “[did]
not address, at least directly, a covenant binding a former employee not to
solicit other employees” (see also [103] above).

117 Second, the learned judge referred to the issue of reasonableness – in
particular, whether a non-solicitation clause covering all employees (and not
merely key personnel) was excessive and, hence, unreasonable (see _Cactus
Imaging_ at [49], where _TSC Europe_ ([97] _supra_) was cited; see also [106]
above).

118 Third, and most importantly, Brereton J (at [52]–[57]) set out a series of
statements of principles which, because of their significance, merit setting
out in full, as follows:

52 **_The cases appear to have accepted that such covenants_** [_ie_ ,
covenants restraining the non-solicitation of employees] **_are within the
restraint of trade doctrine_**. In New South Wales this is doubly important
because, unless they are restraints of trade, the _Restraints of Trade Act_
will not be available to save them to the extent that they are not
unreasonable _._ **_Such a covenant limits or restricts the ability of a
trader bound by it to recruit desirable employees. In that way, it affects the
entitlement of the covenantor to carry on trade or business in the manner
which he or she thinks most desirable in his or her own interests; that is a
restraint of trade_** within the formulation stated in _Attorney-General of
the Commonwealth of Australia v Adelaide Steamship Company Ltd_ [1913] AC 781,
793–4 (Lord Parker of Waddington), and in _Petrofina (Great Britain) Limited v
Martin_ [1966] Ch 146, 169 (Lord Denning MR), 180 (Diplock LJ). In _Kores v
Kolok_ , such arrangements were assumed to be within the doctrine. As Sales
has pointed out [“Covenants Restricting Recruitment of Employees and the
Doctrine of Restraint of Trade” (1988) 104 LQR 600, 607], a business depends
for its profitability and competitivity on three factors: (1) its customers
and the proceeds of sales to them; (2) its suppliers and the cost of purchases
from them; and (3) its staff, and the cost and value of their labour.
Restriction on competition in any of those fields may impact on ultimate
profitability. **_A prohibition on recruiting desirable staff is, therefore, a
restraint of trade_**.

53 **_The controversy has been whether the employer has an interest in staff
connection recognised by law as legitimate for the purpose of supporting a
covenant. The weight of authority favours the view that there is such an
interest._** Traditionally, it has been said that the only reason for
supporting a restraint is some _proprietary right_ of the employer, either
trade connection or trade secrets ...

54 **_The more recent cases_** [_inter alia_ , _Dawnay_ ([97] _supra_) and
_Kearney v Crepaldi_ ([111] _supra_)]**_have tended to support restraints on
recruitment on the basis of protection of confidential information; thus it
has been said that an employer may be able to demonstrate a legitimate
interest in maintaining a stable trained workforce, at least if the former
employee may seek to exploit knowledge gained of the particular
qualifications, rates of remuneration and so on pertaining to other employees
which is confidential to the employer_** ... Mr Gye [counsel for the defendant
employee] submitted that confidential information could not be a sufficient
interest to support such a restraint, because it did not permit the inquiry,
required by the _Faccenda Chicken_ test, as to whether the relevant
information was a trade secret, know-how or trivial, only the first of which
was entitled to protection. This submission must be rejected, _first_ because,
as has already been explained, the _Faccenda Chicken_ test is not the law in
this State; and _secondly_ because a restraint on a former employee carrying
on business, which unquestionably may be supported by an interest in
protection of confidential information ... is open to exactly the same
objection.

55 But apart from protection against misuse of confidential information, does
an employer have a protectable interest in staff connection – that is, in
maintaining a stable trained workforce? The cases denying that there is any
such legitimate interest emphasise that an employer does not own the
workforce, as if employees were akin to stock-in-trade. **_That is self-
evident, but nor does an employer own the customers, who are also not akin to
stock-in-trade; yet a connection with customers is unquestionably amenable to
protection by covenant. The employees, along with the suppliers and the
customers, make up the three relations upon which the profitability of a
business depends. The customers are not property, but their connection with
the business adds value to the business and is recognised as deserving of
protection in the proprietor’s legitimate interest. Similarly, employees are
not property, but, all else being equal, a business with a stable trained
workforce will be more attractive to a purchaser and command a higher price
than one with a workforce which is unstable, disruptive or poorly trained,
just as a loyal and satisfied clientele makes a business more attractive and
valuable. In my opinion, staff connection constitutes part of the intangible
benefits, which may give a business value over and above the value of the
assets employed in it, and thus comprises part of its goodwill. It is amenable
to protection by a covenant in a manner similar to customer connection, even
in the absence of protectable confidences_**.

56  **_In the absence of confidential information, similar considerations
inform the reasonableness of such a covenant in respect of its duration as are
relevant to the reasonableness of a covenant protecting customer connection_**
: essentially, how long might the hold of the former employee over the other
employees be expected to last before weakening. That will be influenced,
_inter alia_ , by **_the seniority of the former employee_**. There is
unlikely to be any influence over employees with whom the former employee did
not have contact, except perhaps in the case of senior staff. **_Another
consideration is that it is within the capacity of an employer to ensure the
stability of its workforce by offering key staff long term contracts of
employment, so that solicitation of staff with such contracts would constitute
the tort of inducing breach of contract_** ... **_It is difficult to see why,
as a matter of policy, an employer who wishes to maintain flexibility in its
labour force by engaging staff on contracts terminable on relatively short
notice on either side, should at the same time be entitled to insist on
maintaining stability by a covenant of the type in question here_**.

57 In this case, the non-recruitment covenant must be evaluated **_in its
whole context_** , including the dual interests that it protects, and the
other restraints which operate in conjunction with it. …

[original emphasis in italics; emphasis added in bold italics]

119 In the event, Brereton J held that the clause concerned in that particular
case was reasonable. In particular, he found (at [57]) that:

As State Sales Manager, Mr Peters [the employee concerned] gained knowledge
about the performance of other sales personnel and was in a position to know
their capacities and personalities. _Although the evidence does not establish
that he knew their terms of employment, nor their remuneration, which might
have been confidential, he was, in effect, the team leader of the state sales
team, and as such was in a position to gain and exercise influence over other
members of the New South Wales sales team. Moreover, the members of his team
would have in their possession the same type of confidential information as I
have found Mr Peters had in his. The major risk, against which Cactus_ [the
employer concerned] _was entitled to guard, was that upon his departure Mr
Peters might seek to use his influence, gained in the course of his employment
with Cactus, to arrange the defection of his state sales team to a competitor,
thus seriously disrupting Cactus’ operations, and potentially putting into the
hands of a competitor the ability to use confidential information of Cactus,
to its detriment. Thus the covenant did not only protect staff connection, but
also operated in conjunction with the remainder of cl 9.1 to protect Cactus’
confidential information_ , in particular its pricing parameters and marketing
strategies. [emphasis added]

120  The learned judge also held that the twelve-month duration of the
covenant was not unreasonable in the circumstances, although it should be
noted that he utilised (at [59]) s 4(1) of the Restraints of Trade Act 1976
(NSW) to “read down” (as he put it) the clause, confining it only to non-
solicitation of the plaintiff’s New South Wales sales staff and only to non-
solicitation of such staff for the purpose of engaging them in a competing
business. This statutory provision is, of course, not applicable in Singapore,
where the general principles relating to severance at common law (briefly
described at [126]–[131] below) continue to apply.

121  Leaving aside any statutory modifications, we find the reasoning of
Brereton J in _Cactus Imaging_ (especially at [55]) persuasive, and therefore
take the present opportunity to confirm the proposition that the maintenance
of a stable, trained workforce is a legitimate proprietary interest that the
employer is entitled to protect via a non-solicitation clause (even in the
absence of protectable confidences), provided that clause otherwise passes
muster under the twin tests of reasonableness enunciated by Lord Macnaghten in
_Nordenfelt_ (as set out at [70] above). We should add, however, that this
does not mean that the issue of protectable confidences is wholly irrelevant.
On the contrary, to the extent that there are no protectable confidences
involved, the _reasonableness_ of the non-solicitation clause in question
will, _ceteris paribus_ , be impacted adversely.

122 It is axiomatic that the law must develop consistently with changes in the
wider society which it ultimately serves. However, the courts must also not
lose sight of the fact that legal development must balance all interests
concerned in order to achieve a just and fair result. To this end, whilst a
modern trend in the employment context has been an emphasis on employees’
freedom to work for whomever they wish, this trend must also be balanced
against the need on the part of employers to ensure that there is no undue
disruption to their workforce. If, therefore, employers seek to safeguard
their needs in this particular regard via non-solicitation clauses, there is
no reason, in principle and logic, why such clauses ought not to be legally
enforceable if they are reasonable and if the employees concerned have not
agreed to them as a result of the operation of one or more vitiating factors.
At bottom, such an approach reflects the same basis upon which the doctrine of
restraint of trade, as we know it today, was developed. However, it bears
reiterating that everything ultimately depends upon the precise factual matrix
before the court. Indeed, the very concept of reasonableness itself – which is
central to the doctrine of restraint of trade – necessarily entails a close
analysis of the relevant facts.

123 It should also be mentioned that, on occasion at least, this particular
interest (_viz_ , the need to maintain a stable, trained workforce) might even
have an impact upon the other interests which are well established as meriting
protection by the courts, _viz_ , trade secrets and trade connection,
respectively. For example, in _Cactus Imaging_ ([113] _supra_), we see the
interaction between this particular interest and that of confidential
information and/or trade secrets (see also [111]–[112] above). It is also
entirely possible that if there is a breach of a non-solicitation clause which
results in employees leaving an employer, there might (depending, of course,
on the precise facts) be an impact on the employer’s trade connection in so
far as such employees might themselves be the instruments through which the
employer’s customers are also tempted to leave in order to transact elsewhere.

124 It is important, however, to reiterate that non-solicitation clauses will
not be enforced by the court without more. To do so would be to wholly
disregard the twin tests of reasonableness established in _Nordenfelt_ (as set
out at [70] above), which, we emphasise, will continue to apply even if it can
be demonstrated that there is, in the first instance, a legitimate proprietary
interest (such as the need to maintain a stable, trained workforce) that is
deserving of protection by a covenant or clause in restraint of trade.

125 We would also add that where there is a breach of a non-solicitation
clause, it might be possible (again, depending on the precise facts) to argue
that the employee is _simultaneously_ guilty of the _tort_ of _inducing a
breach of contract_ by the other employees whom he solicits, the latter being
in breach of their respective contracts of employment as a result of
solicitation by the covenantor: see, for example, _Stratech_ ([91] _supra_),
although this tort was not established on the facts of that case).

_Severance_

126 As this particular doctrine did not really arise in the present appeal
(although it did in the court below), we will not dwell upon it at any length.
(We pause to observe, parenthetically, however, that the doctrine of severance
might nevertheless be of some relevance in the context of Clause C.1.) In
brief, at the level of general principle, there are two objectives underlying
the doctrine of severance, which were neatly encapsulated by Chao Hick Tin JA
(as he then was) in _National Aerated Water Co_ ([58] _supra_), as follows (at
[40]):

The doctrine of severance may be invoked to serve two purposes. The first is
to cut out altogether an objectionable promise from a contract leaving the
rest of the contract valid and enforceable. [The] [s]econd is to cut down an
objectionable promise as to its scope but not to cut it out of the contract
altogether. An unreasonably wide restraint of trade clause would be a
classical example of a case falling within the second category.

127 In so far as the _latter_ category referred to in the above quotation is
concerned, severance occurs, if at all, _within_ the clause itself according
to what is popularly known as the “blue pencil test”. Put simply, in order to
apply the doctrine of severance so as to save an otherwise (_prima facie_)
offending clause, the court concerned must be able to run, as it were, a “blue
pencil” through the offending words in that clause _without altering the
meaning of the provision and, of course, without rendering it senseless
(whether in a grammatical sense or otherwise)_. In other words, the court will
not rewrite the contract for the parties.

128 The _former_ category referred to in the above quotation (at [126]) deals,
in contrast, with severance of _entire or whole_ clauses in a contract. As was
noted in the court below, the basic test centres on _whether the objectionable
promise (as embodied_ , ex hypothesi _, within the clause in question itself)
is substantially the whole or the main consideration for the promise sought to
be enforced_. If it is the whole or the main consideration, then the doctrine
of severance will _not_ apply; if not, the doctrine will apply. Everything
depends, of course, on the precise factual matrix before the court (in this
regard, see, for example, the oft-cited (and contrasting) English decisions of
_Goodinson v Goodinson_ [1954] 2 QB 118 on the one hand and _Bennett v
Bennett_ [1952] 1 KB 249 on the other). In the present case, the Judge held,
_inter alia_ , that Clause C.1 and Clause C.3 did not constitute all, or
substantially all, the consideration for the Compensation to be paid under the
Termination Agreement (see GD at [216]–[218]). In view of our characterisation
of Clause C.1 (at [188] below) as a _condition_ , we would, as mentioned
earlier at [16], with respect, disagree with the Judge. Briefly put, we find
that clauses C.1–C.3 of the Termination Agreement were intended by the parties
to constitute the main consideration for the Compensation to be paid under
that agreement (see, generally, the analysis below at [182]–[187]).

129 The above (albeit extremely brief) summary encompasses the present English
position on the doctrine of severance, which also appears (as, for example,
_National Aerated Water Co_ demonstrates) to represent _the_ _current
Singapore position_. _However_ , it should be noted that in the Ontario
Superior Court of Justice decision of _Transport North American Express Inc v
New Solutions Financial Corp_ (2001) 201 DLR (4th) 560, Cullity J delivered a
very powerful critique of the blue pencil test (referred to at [127] above).
Indeed, the learned judge preferred to _reject_ the “blue pencil test”
altogether. He stated (at [35]–[36]) as follows:

The blue-pencil test is, I believe, a relic of a bygone era when the attitude
of courts of common law – unassisted by principles of equity – towards the
interpretation and enforcement of contracts was more rigid than is the case at
the present time. At an early stage in the development of the law relating to
illegal promises, severance was held to be justified on the basis of the blue-
pencil test alone. … [W]e have moved a long way beyond that mechanical
approach. Enforcement may be refused in the exercise of the kind of
_discretionary judgment_ I have mentioned even where blue-pencil severance is
possible.

Despite repeated statements in the cases that the court will not make a new
agreement for the parties, that is, of course, exactly what it does whenever
severance is permitted …

[emphasis added]

130 It is interesting to note that Cullity J’s concept of “discretionary
severance” (as set out in the preceding paragraph) was, in fact, _rejected_ on
appeal by the _majority_ of the Ontario Court of Appeal in _Transport North
American Express Inc v New Solutions Financial Corp_ (2001) 214 DLR (4th) 44
(see also _Butterworths Common Law Series_ ([45] _supra_) at para 5.233).
However, it is _equally_ interesting to note that the _dissenting_ judge in
the Ontario Court of Appeal, Sharpe JA, whilst recognising the need for
caution as well as to recognise the concept of the sanctity of contract,
nevertheless _endorsed_ the approach adopted by Cullity J above.

131 It would appear, therefore, that this particular issue (_viz_ , whether or
not the blue pencil test still applies under the second type of severance
delineated in the passage quoted at [126] above) has not been settled beyond
peradventure even in the Canadian context. However, the doctrine of severance
was not (as we noted at [126] above) really before us, still less the present
(and more controversial) issue just alluded to. We would, in the
circumstances, therefore express no concluded view on it. However, the case
just considered is a timely reminder in at least two related respects.

132 First, in an increasingly interconnected world, local courts ought to
eschew legal parochialism and look beyond their shores for relevant precedents
– particularly where controversial or (as was the case here) potentially
outmoded legal doctrines are concerned.

133 Second, local courts must simultaneously recognise that the days of a
uniform common law are no longer a given. It is true that in the commercial
context, there is more likelihood of (and desirability for) uniformity.
However, even in the commercial setting, uniformity should not be taken too
far. As the relevant part of s 3(2) of the Application of English Law Act (Cap
7A, 1994 Rev Ed) (“the AELA”), which embodies, in statutory form, principles
that have existed from the dawn of the Singapore legal system, puts it:

The common law shall continue to be in force in Singapore … so far as it is
applicable to the circumstances of Singapore and its inhabitants and subject
to such modifications as those circumstances may require.

**_Our decision on the reasonableness of Clause C.1_**

134 It is clear, on the facts of the present proceedings, that the covenants
in restraint of trade in the Termination Agreement in general, and Clause C.1
in particular, were all arrived at as part of an agreement which was _prima
facie_ binding as a matter of law on both parties. Indeed, Mr Chia did not
seek to argue that the Termination Agreement was tainted, in any way, by any
vitiating factor (including, in particular, duress, undue influence and/or
unconscionability). Indeed, it would appear that even if the covenantor (here,
the respondent) had entered into the Termination Agreement _voluntarily_ , it
would not have made a difference to the application of the doctrine of
restraint of trade. As Chao JA put it in _National Aerated Water_ _Co_ ([58]
_supra_) at [31], in determining the reasonableness of a restraint of trade
clause:

It _does not matter_ that the parties have _freely entered into_ the restraint
as the rule against unreasonable restraint is _based on public policy and may
not be excluded by mutual consent_. [emphasis added]

135 In accordance with the principles set out above, Clause C.1 must satisfy
the twin tests of reasonableness embodied in the statement of principle of
Lord Macnaghten in _Nordenfelt_ (as set out at [70] above). It is appropriate,
at this juncture, to reiterate Clause C.1 in full, as follows:

C.1. In further consideration of the foregoing, you agree that for a period of
seven (7) months from the Termination Date, that is, up to 13 January 2006 you
shall not directly or indirectly employ or solicit the employment of (whether
as an employee, officer, director, agent or consultant) any person who is or
was at any time during the period 13 June 2004 to 13 June 2005 an officer,
director, representative or employee of the [appellant]. For avoidance of
doubt, you shall not be deemed to employ any person unless you are involved or
have otherwise provided input into the decision to hire such individual.

136 To recapitulate, Clause C.1 must be reasonable not only as between the
parties, but also in the interests of the public as well before it will be
upheld by the court. The principles relating to the settlement or compromise
of disputes in general, and in _Panayiotou_ ([60] _supra_) in particular,
relate to the second aspect of reasonableness, _viz_ , reasonableness in the
interests of the public. Put simply, it is in the interests of the public to
uphold the validity of covenants in restraint of trade where such covenants
are agreed to pursuant to the settlement or compromise of existing disputes.
However, there is _also_ the _first_ aspect of reasonableness that Clause C.1
must satisfy as well. Before proceeding to consider this particular issue, we
would pause to observe that although the Judge was of the view that there was
no evidence to establish that the maintenance of a stable, trained workforce
was a legitimate proprietary interest (as there was, _inter alia_ , no
evidence on the level of training of the appellant’s employees: see GD at
[171]), we would respectfully disagree with that conclusion. It is clear from
the evidence that the respondent, by virtue of his position and influence
whilst in the employ of the appellant, possessed – and, more importantly,
utilised – confidential knowledge gained in the course of his employment (in
particular, knowledge relating to the relationship between the employees
concerned and the appellant) to solicit the employment of those employees.
Further, whilst train _ing_ is a relevant factor, it is not conclusive. The
main focus ought still to be on whether or not there is a legitimate
proprietary interest in the employer (here, the appellant) maintaining a
stable, trained workforce. Given the nature of the appellant’s business, we
are of the view that there was indeed such an interest in the present appeal –
and this was _a fortiori_ the case in the light of the respondent’s access to
and use of confidential knowledge gained in the course of his employment.

137 Turning, then, to the first aspect of reasonableness, _viz_ ,
reasonableness as between the parties, it is clear, in our view, that all the
terms in the Termination Agreement (of which Clause C.1 was an integral part)
were arrived at in earnest and in good faith. Indeed, as we noted above (at
[134]), Mr Chia admitted that no vitiating factors (such as duress, undue
influence or unconscionability) operated to taint the validity of the
Termination Agreement. This must be so as there was no evidence whatsoever to
cast any shadow on the validity of this agreement.

138 Furthermore, if one examines the entire context within which the
Termination Agreement was arrived at, it is clear that _all_ the parties were
in fact satisfied with, as it were, the final product. The context consisted
of a series of negotiations between the parties (conducted primarily through
the e-mail correspondence set out at [27]–[37] above) with a view to ensuring
the respondent’s smooth exit from the appellant’s employment. In particular,
the respondent had, initially, pointed out to the appellant that his original
employment contract did not contain any covenants in restraint of trade (see
[27] above). However, he later agreed to the inclusion of such covenants as a
gesture of goodwill. He nevertheless proposed changes to the contents (in
particular, the period) of the covenants suggested by the appellant. More
specifically, the initial version of Clause C.1 (as drafted by the
_appellant_) stated that the restraint therein was to last for _one year_. The
_respondent_ proposed a period of _seven months_ instead – a period that was
ultimately agreed to by the appellant. In our view, this is significant. It is
certainly not open to the respondent to now argue that the seven-month
duration is unreasonable, a point which he conceded during cross-examination
by Mr Maniam.

139 We also observe that the respondent received, in return for the covenants
undertaken pursuant to the Termination Agreement, a not inconsiderable
consideration (as set out in Clause B.1) which he was clearly not entitled to
otherwise from a legal point of view. Although the respondent regarded the
consideration as insufficient, it is clear, as noted above (at [40]), that the
respondent had, in paragraph 20.8 of his AEIC, acknowledged that the
consideration set out in Clause B.1 was _in return for_ his undertaking to
observe the covenants set out in the Termination Agreement during the
Prohibited Period. Whilst this is not a conclusive factor, it is, in our view,
a relevant one and should be taken into account for the purposes of assessing
the reasonableness of Clause C.1 as between the parties. A learned author has
suggested that “it is not benefits gained by an employee during employment
which justify covenants, but detriments which the employee may cause after
departure” (see _The Restraint of Trade Doctrine_ ([56] _supra_) at p 102).
However, this suggestion was made in the context of a possible argument that
(_ibid_):

[T]here is less justification for the taking of a covenant in restraint of
trade when the employee is leaving, without previously having been bound, than
when it is taken at the commencement of the employment. ‘In the latter case
some restrictions on post-employment competition may be justified by the
benefit gained or to be gained by the employee through his contract of
employment.’ [citing _A Buckle & Son Pty Ltd v McAllister_ [1986] 4 NSWLR 426
at 432].

140 Even allowing for the fact that the _detriments_ which the employee may
cause after departure are relevant considerations that ought to be taken into
account by the court in determining reasonableness as between the parties,
where the employee concerned has _also_ been conferred (under a legally
binding agreement) _substantial post-employment benefits_ (as is the case
_vis-à-vis_ the relevant terms of the Termination Agreement), this would, in
our view, be another relevant factor that could render the covenants concerned
reasonable (reference may be made, in this regard, to the observations in the
United States Court of Appeals decision of _Amory H Bradford v The New York
Times Company_ 501 F 2d 51 at 58 (2nd Cir, 1974); but _cf_ the approach in _A
Buckle & Son Pty Ltd v McAllister_ [1986] 4 NSWLR 426, which was cited in _The
Restraint of Trade Doctrine_ in the preceding paragraph and the position taken
by the Judge (see GD at [156])).

141 Turning to a different (albeit related) point, can it be argued that
Clause C.1 was still too wide to be reasonable inasmuch as it covered too
broad a category of employees, which was the view adopted by the Judge (see GD
at [176]–[179])? The principles applicable to this particular argument were
canvassed earlier (at [106]–[110]). As we observed (at [110] above), much will
depend on the precise factual matrix concerned. In this regard, Clause C.1
ought not – and cannot – be construed literally, wrenched out of its context.
Looked at in _context_ , it is clear that Clause C.1 was _not_ intended by the
appellant and the respondent (who in fact held extremely high positions in the
former) to apply to peripheral support staff. Instead, that particular clause
was intended to prohibit only the solicitation of the appellant’s senior
staff, particularly those who were in contact with the respondent during his
stint as the managing director and CEO of the appellant. This is, in our view,
especially so in the light of the nature of the appellant’s business, which
centred on financial services. It is also clear that the respondent was in a
position to exercise influence over such staff (and, as it turned out, he did
exercise such influence). In contrast, it is highly unlikely that the
respondent had any influence over peripheral support staff with whom he was
not likely, in any event, to have had direct contact.

142 In the circumstances, it is clear, in our view, that Clause C.1 of the
Termination Agreement was reasonable as between the parties.

143 There is a further point that applies specifically to Clause C.1 – namely,
whether or not Clause C.1 protected a legitimate proprietary interest of the
appellant. If it did not, then that clause could not possibly be reasonable as
between the parties, and would certainly not be reasonable in the interests of
the public.

144 In this regard, as we noted earlier (at [95] above), Clause C.1 was a non-
solicitation clause. More importantly, as we likewise pointed out earlier (at
[121]–[122]), there is a clear as well as cogent rationale underlying non-
solicitation clauses. We will therefore not retraverse ground already covered,
save to observe that there _was_ a legitimate proprietary interest belonging
to the appellant that was in fact protected by Clause C.1 in accordance with
the principles set out above (at [121]–[124]).

145 _If we assume_ that the covenants in restraint of trade in the Termination
Agreement in general, and Clause C.1 in particular, were agreed to as part of
settlement or compromise proceedings (which we in fact found (at [41] above)
was _not_ the case), the argument in favour of the reasonableness of Clause
C.1 would, in our view, be _even stronger_. Interestingly, there would, in
such a situation (_ie_ , where the restraint of trade provisions in question
are part of a settlement or compromise), be an _overlap_ between the two
aspects of reasonableness embodied in Lord Macnaghten’s statement of principle
in _Nordenfelt_ (see [70] above). Put simply, the context of settlement or
compromise, whilst relating (as we have seen at [136] above) directly to the
second aspect of reasonableness (_viz_ , reasonableness in the interests of
_the public_), is _equally_ applicable when assessing the reasonableness of
Clause C.1 as between the _parties_. We would not go so far as to state that
there is an inexorable correlation between these two facets of reasonableness
whenever the non-solicitation clause concerned forms part of a settlement or
compromise, but it would appear that there will invariably be at least some
connection – if not a substantial one (as is the case here).

146 We would also add (and, in this regard, we agree with the Judge) that
clause C.4 of the Termination Agreement (“Clause C.4”) did not, in our view,
contribute anything of substance to the inquiry into the reasonableness or
otherwise of the restraint of trade provisions in the agreement in general.
Clause C.4 read as follows:

You [the respondent)] agree that this Paragraph C is reasonable and necessary
for the protection of the [appellant’s] interests, and that you have agreed to
these clauses in consideration of the amounts to be paid to you as set out in
Paragraph B above.

147 A similar clause was before the Singapore High Court in _Buckman
Laboratories (Asia) Pte Ltd v Lee Wei Hoong_ [1999] 3 SLR 333. In that case,
the provision under consideration read as follows:

12.6 The Employee expressly acknowledges that the periods of one year in the
above restrictions in his clause 12 [which contained various restraint of
trade provisions] and the geographical extent of the above restrictions, are
reasonably necessary to give adequate protection to the interests of [the
plaintiffs] and each Associated Company in the Proprietary Information.
Nevertheless, it is recognised that restrictions of this nature may fail for
technical reasons. Accordingly, if any of the above restrictions is, either by
itself or taken with others, adjudged to be invalid as exceeding of the
interests of [the plaintiffs] and its Associated Companies, but would be valid
and enforceable if any particular restriction or restrictions were deleted or
restricted or limited in a particular manner; or if the period or area thereof
were reduced or curtailed; then the said restriction shall apply with such
deletions, restrictions, limitations, reductions, curtailments and
modifications as may be necessary to make it valid and enforceable.

148 Judith Prakash J expressed the following observations on the above
provision, as follows (at [27]):

The plaintiffs [the employer in that case] appear to have recognised that the
restrictive covenants in cll 12.1 and 12.2 were too wide and could not be
well-received by a court. _They therefore inserted cl 12.6 in an effort to
save some minimum portions of these clauses in the event a court considered
parts of them to be invalid. Whilst I have not heard full argument on this
issue, I have grave doubts that an invalid clause can be saved in this manner
because it would lead to uncertainty._ An employee with a contract containing
such clauses would have no way of knowing the extent of his obligations under
them and would be put in an invidious position regarding his future employment
if he ever sought to leave the plaintiffs’ employ. [emphasis added]

149 The above observations were expressed in relation to the specific language
of the clause itself (as reproduced at [147] above). We are also of the view
that there is a more general – and fundamental – reason why clauses such as
this, as well as Clause C.4 in the present appeal, even taken at their
highest, do not add anything of substance to the inquiry: Whether or not a
covenant in restraint of trade passes legal muster depends on the applicable
principles; if the covenant in question would not otherwise pass muster under
these principles, it cannot be saved by clauses of this nature. To hold
otherwise would be to sanction a covenant in restraint of trade which would
otherwise be contrary to public policy (though _cf TSC Europe_ ([97] _supra_)
at [35]). A moment’s reflection would reveal that such a result is legally
undesirable and, indeed, untenable.

**_Summary of our findings on Clause C.1_**

150 For the reasons set out above, we hold, first, that the doctrine of
restraint of trade applies to the Termination Agreement, which was not a
settlement agreement. In any event, even if the Termination Agreement was a
settlement agreement, the doctrine would still apply as, in our view, the
doctrine of restraint of trade does apply to settlement agreements in general
(subject to the qualification set out at [65] above).

151 Applying the principles embodied in the doctrine of restraint of trade, we
find that Clause C.1 was reasonable both in the interests of the parties as
well as in the interests of the public. In the premises, Clause C.1 was valid
as between the parties. There having been a clear _breach_ of Clause C.1 by
the respondent, it is now necessary to ascertain the legal consequences which
ensued as a result of that breach.

**Consequences of a breach of Clause C.1**

**_The applicable legal principles_**

_Introduction_

152 The applicable legal principles relating to the consequences of a breach
of contract were recently dealt with in some detail by this court in _RDC
Concrete Pte Ltd v Sato Kogyo (S) Pte Ltd_ [2007] 4 SLR 413 (“ _RDC Concrete_
”), especially at [89]–[112]. We will not retraverse the ground covered in
that particular case. An extremely brief summary will suffice for the purposes
of the present appeal.

_Situations justifying the innocent party’s termination of the contract_

153 As stated in _RDC Concrete_ , there are four situations which entitle the
innocent party (here, the appellant) to elect to treat the contract as
discharged as a result of the other party’s (here, the respondent’s) breach.

154 The _first_ (“Situation 1”) is where the contractual term in question
clearly and unambiguously states that, should an event or certain events
occur, the innocent party would be entitled to terminate the contract (see
_RDC Concrete_ at [91]).

155 The _second_ (“Situation 2”) is where the party in breach of contract
(“the guilty party”), by its words or conduct, simply _renounces_ the contract
inasmuch as it clearly conveys to the innocent party that it will not perform
its contractual obligations at all (see _RDC Concrete_ at [93]).

156 The _third_ (“Situation 3(a)”) is where the term breached (here, Clause
C.1) is a _condition_ of the contract. Under what has been termed the
“condition-warranty approach”, the innocent party is entitled to terminate the
contract if the term which is breached is a condition (as opposed to a
warranty): see _RDC Concrete_ at [97]. The focus here, unlike that in the next
situation discussed below, is not so much on the (actual) consequences of the
breach, but, rather, on the _nature of the term_ breached.

157 The _fourth_ (“Situation 3(b)”) is where the breach of a term deprives the
innocent party of substantially the whole benefit which it was intended to
obtain from the contract (see _RDC Concrete_ at [99]). (This approach is also
commonly termed the “ _Hongkong Fir_ approach” after the leading English Court
of Appeal decision of _Hongkong Fir Shipping Co Ltd v Kawasaki Kisen Kaisha
Ltd_ [1962] 2 QB 26; see especially _id_ at 70.) The focus here, unlike that
in Situation 3(a), is not so much on the nature of the term breached, but,
rather, on the _nature and consequences_ _of the breach_.

158 Because of the different perspectives adopted in Situation 3(a) and
Situation 3(b), respectively (as briefly noted above), which differences
might, depending on the precise factual matrix, yield different results when
applied to the fact situation, this court in _RDC Concrete_ ([152] _supra_)
concluded that, as between both the aforementioned situations, the approach in
Situation 3(a) should be _applied first_ , as follows (_id_ at [112]):

If the term is a _condition_ , then the innocent party would be entitled to
terminate the contract. _However_ , if the term is a _warranty_ (instead of a
condition), then the court should nevertheless proceed to apply the approach
in Situation 3(b) (_viz_ , the _Hongkong Fir_ approach). [emphasis in
original]

_The condition-warranty approach – relevant factors in ascertaining whether or
not a given contractual term is a “condition”_

(a) Introduction

159 As _RDC Concrete_ did _not_ elaborate on an important aspect of the
condition-warranty approach embodied in _Situation 3(a)_ , namely, what
_factors_ are relevant in ascertaining whether or not a given contractual term
is a _condition_ , a consideration of this issue at this juncture is apposite.

160 It is important to note at the outset that there is no magical formula
(comprising a certain fixed number of factors or criteria) that would enable a
court to ascertain whether or not a given contractual term is a condition.
This is not unexpected, given the very nature of the inquiry itself (which
would include a countless number of permutations and variations, depending on
the respective factual matrices and, more importantly, the intentions of the
respective contracting parties themselves). However, as is inherent within the
very nature of common law development, certain factors that might (depending,
as just mentioned, on the precise factual matrix concerned) _assist_ the court
in this regard have been developed.

161 At _bottom_ , the focus is on _ascertaining the intention of the
contracting parties themselves by construing the actual contract itself
(including the contractual term concerned) in the light of the surrounding
circumstances as a whole_ (see the classic exposition on this point by Bowen
LJ (as he then was) in the oft-cited English Court of Appeal decision of
_Bentson v Taylor, Sons & Co (No 2)_ [1893] 2 QB 274 at 281).

(b) The first factor: where a statuteclassifies a specific contractual term as
a “condition”

162 The _first_ of the established factors mentioned above (at [160]) is _very
specific_ : Where a _statute_ (or, more often, a particular provision within a
statute) classifies a specific contractual term as a “condition”, then that
term will, of course, be a condition.

163 The paradigm model is the Sale of Goods Act 1979 (c 54) (UK) (“the UK
Act”), which is applicable in Singapore by virtue of the AELA (see s 4(1) read
with Pt II of the First Schedule to the AELA). Indeed, the UK Act has been
reprinted in the local context as the Sale of Goods Act (Cap 393, 1994 Rev
Ed). This last-mentioned Act is, in fact, the classic statutory embodiment of
the condition-warranty approach inasmuch as it classifies various contractual
terms as conditions and warranties, respectively.

164 However, as alluded to above (at [162]), this is a very specific factor
and would not cover any contractual terms that fall outside the particular
ambit of the statute (or statutory provision) concerned.

(c) The second factor: where the contractual term itself expressly states that
it is a “condition”

165 The _second_ factor is an ostensibly obvious one: Where the contractual
term itself _expressly states_ that it is a “condition”, then that term would
generally be held by this court to be a condition.

166 _However_ , we have added the word “ostensibly” because, even in what
appear to be very clear-cut situations, there is case law that suggests that
the express use of the word “condition” might (on occasion, at least) be
insufficient to render that term a condition in law. In this regard, the House
of Lords decision of _L Schuler AG v Wickman_ _Machine Tool Sales Ltd_ [1974]
AC 235 (“ _Schuler_ ”) comes readily to mind. In that case, the majority of
the House held that, although the word “condition” was expressly utilised,
that word was being utilised not as a term of legal art, but, rather, in a lay
sense.

167 At first blush, the approach adopted by the majority in _Schuler_ is not a
wholly untenable one. After all, it is true that the same word (here,
“condition”) can take on different meanings depending on the context in which
it is used. With respect, however, a close analysis of the reasoning of the
majority in _Schuler_ demonstrates a preoccupation with the _consequences_ of
the breach of contract in that case, rather than a focus (in accordance with
the condition-warranty approach in Situation 3(a)) on the _nature of the term_
breached. Indeed, there is a reference by Lord Kilbrandon (who was one of the
majority judges) to the “grotesque consequences” (_id_ at 272) of holding the
term breached to be a “condition” in the strict legal sense of the word.

168 It is our view that the majority of the House in _Schuler_ were, _in
substance and effect_ , applying the _Hongkong Fir_ approach instead (which,
it will be recalled, falls under Situation 3(b) and, more importantly, relates
to the actual _nature and consequences of the breach_ instead). Indeed, there
is a very powerful (and, in our view, persuasive) dissenting judgment by Lord
Wilberforce (see _Schuler_ at 262–263), who warned against rewriting, in
effect, what was the clear intention of the contracting parties that the term
concerned be a “condition” in the strict legal sense of the word (in
accordance with the substance and spirit of the condition-warranty approach
under Situation 3(a)).

169 Indeed, it might well have been the fact situation in _Schuler_ which
prompted the majority of the House to adopt what was, in substance and effect,
the _Hongkong Fir_ approach instead. With respect, however, the intention of
the parties (pursuant to the condition-warranty approach) ought to take
precedence for, as we pointed out in _RDC Concrete_ ([152] _supra_) at [100],
although the _Hongkong Fir_ approach is conventionally associated with a sense
of fairness (in that it allows termination of a contract only if the nature
and consequences of the breach are so serious as to deprive the innocent party
of substantially the whole of the benefit of the contract which it was
intended to obtain from the contract), it is _equally_ true that a sense of
fairness (albeit from a different perspective) _also_ features when the
condition-warranty approach is applied inasmuch as it is fair to hold the
contracting parties to their original bargain.

170 We also observed in _RDC Concrete_ (especially at [110]) that general
House of Lords decisions _after Schuler_ in fact supported the approach that
we adopted in that case (in particular, our stance that the condition-warranty
approach in Situation 3(a) should take precedence over the _Hongkong Fir_
approach in Situation 3(b) in so far as it ought to be ascertained, first,
whether or not the contractual term concerned is a condition): see, for
example, _Bunge Corporation, New York v Tradax Export SA, Panama_ [1981] 1 WLR
711 (“ _Bunge_ ”) and _Torvald Klaveness A/S v Arni Maritime Corporation_
[1994] 1 WLR 1465.

(d) The third factor: the availability of a prior precedent

171 The _third_ factor is whether a prior precedent is available. An oft-cited
illustration in this regard is the English Court of Appeal decision of
_Maredelanto Compania Naviera SA v Bergbau-Handel GmbH_ [1971] 1 QB 164 (“
_The Mihalis Angelos_ ”), where the court held (at 194, 199–200 and 205–206)
that an “expected readiness” clause was a condition on the ground, _inter
alia_ , that the same conclusion had been reached in by its own previous
decision (in _Finnish Government v H Ford & Co, Ltd_ (1921) 6 Ll L Rep 188).

172 With respect, reliance on a prior precedent, whilst convenient when viewed
from a practical perspective, does not really address the issue of _principle_
inasmuch as there would, in our view, still need to be an inquiry as to
whether or not the _analysis and reasoning_ _in the prior precedent_ passed
muster _in principle_. Indeed, this court is, in certain exceptional
circumstances, permitted (as the final appellate court) to depart from its own
prior decisions pursuant to the criteria set out in this court’s _Practice
Statement (Judicial Precedent)_ [1994] 2 SLR 689. This court is, _a fortiori_
, free not to follow prior _English (or other foreign)_ decisions if finds the
analysis and reasoning therein unpersuasive, or if the prior foreign decision
in question is not applicable to the circumstances of Singapore (see, in this
last-mentioned regard, s 3(2) of the AELA); alternatively, the prior foreign
decision concerned can be subject to the necessary modifications, if so
required by the circumstances of Singapore (see, again, s 3(2) of the AELA).

(e) The fourth factor: mercantile transactions

173 The _fourth_ factor centres on the importance placed on _certainty and
predictability_ in the context of _mercantile_ transactions. Case law suggests
that courts are more likely to classify contractual terms as conditions in
this particular context, especially where they relate to _timing_ (see, for
example, _Bunge_ ([170] _supra_) and _The Mihalis Angelos_ ([171] _supra_)).

(f) Summary of the relevant factors under the condition-warranty approach

174 The aforementioned factors are important. But, they are not exhaustive
and, to use a familiar phrase (albeit in a somewhat different context), the
categories of factors are not closed. The actual decision as to whether or not
a contractual term is a condition would, indeed, depend very much on the
particular factual matrix before the court. It also bears repeating that there
is no magical formula. In the final analysis, the focus is on _ascertaining
the intention of the contracting parties themselves by construing the actual
contract itself (including the contractual term concerned) in the light of the
surrounding circumstances as a whole_ (see also [161] above).

**_Our decision on the facts of this appeal_**

175 Applying the principles set out in the preceding part of this judgment, it
is immediately clear that Cause C.1 did _not_ fall within either Situation 1
(as defined at [154] above) or Situation 2 (as defined at [155] above). This
leaves Situation 3(a) and Situation 3(b) to be considered.

176 In so far as Situation 3(a) (defined at [156] above) and Situation 3(b)
(defined at [157] above) are concerned, we have already noted that the former
ought to be applied first (see, generally, [158] above). Hence, we must first
ascertain whether or not Clause C.1 was a _condition_. If it was, then that
would be the end to the inquiry inasmuch as the innocent party (here, the
appellant) would be entitled to terminate the contract.

177 However, in accordance with the present approach adopted by this court (as
elaborated in _RDC Concrete_ ([152] _supra_) at [100] and [107]), the approach
in Situation 3(b) is _not_ , _ipso facto_ , dispensed with if Clause C.1 is
found _not_ to be a _condition_ (_ie_ , under the condition-warranty approach
set out in Situation 3(a), Clause C.1, if held not to be a condition, would
_not_ thereby _automatically_ become a _warranty_). In such a situation, this
court would then have to apply the _Hongkong Fir_ approach embodied in
Situation 3(b).

178 The immediate task at hand, therefore, is to ascertain whether or not
Clause C.1 was a _condition_. To this end, the various factors set out above
(at [162]–[173]) may be usefully referred to.

179 It is clear, on the facts of the present appeal, that none of the four
factors considered above (at [162]–[173]) applies. However, this does not mean
that this court is powerless to determine whether or not Clause C.1 was a
condition. As we have emphasised more than once, the task of this court is to
ascertain the intention of the contracting parties themselves with regard (in
particular) to Clause C.1 by construing the actual contract itself (including
Clause C.1) in the light of the surrounding circumstances as a whole. To this
end, we found the background circumstances leading up to the conclusion of the
Termination Agreement instructive. In particular, we found the relevant
correspondence between the contracting parties which led to the finalisation
of the Termination Agreement to be of particular assistance since it
demonstrated (very clearly, in our view) the intention of the parties _vis-à-
vis_ the Termination Agreement in general, and Clause C.1 in particular.

180 At this juncture, a fundamental point ought to be noted. It does _not_
follow that _every_ term in a contract (here, the Termination Agreement) will
_necessarily_ be accorded the same importance by the contracting parties. What
is germane for the purposes of the present appeal is whether or not the
appellant and the respondent _intended Clause C.1 specifically_ to be of such
importance that any breach thereof, regardless of the actual consequences of
the breach, would entitle the innocent party (here, the appellant) to
terminate the contract.

181 A useful starting point would be to examine the language of Clause C.1
itself. This provision has already been reproduced earlier (at [6], [38] and
[135]), but it would be appropriate, for present purposes, to reproduce it
once more, as follows:

C.1. In further consideration of the foregoing, you agree that for a period of
seven (7) months from the Termination Date, that is, up to 13 January 2006 you
shall not directly or indirectly employ or solicit the employment of (whether
as an employee, officer, director, agent or consultant) any person who is or
was at any time during the period 13 June 2004 to 13 June 2005 an officer,
director, representative or employee of the [appellant]. For avoidance of
doubt, you shall not be deemed to employ any person unless you are involved or
have otherwise provided input into the decision to hire such individual.

182 As we held above (at [95]), Clause C.1 was a non-solicitation clause. It
was also, as the opening words of the clause itself state, part of the
consideration furnished by the respondent to the appellant in return for the
Compensation which he was to receive under Clause B.1. But, and here is the
crux of the present issue, _how important_ a term did the appellant and the
respondent, as contracting parties, intend Clause C.1 to be?

183 It will be noticed that, in addition to Clause C.1, the respondent also
furnished the appellant with consideration in the form of three further
clauses (pursuant to sub-clause (b) of Clause B.1), _viz_ , clause C.2 of the
Termination Agreement (“Clause C.2”), Clause C.3 and Clause D.1, as well as
(pursuant to sub-clause (a) of Clause B.1) by serving out his notice period on
leave from the office. In return (and this constituted the consideration
furnished by the appellant to the respondent), the respondent was to receive
from the respondent the Compensation pursuant to Clause B.1 (which is set out
in full below to furnish the necessary context):

B.1. In consideration of you:–

(a) serving out your Notice Period on leave from the office, and

(b) agreeing to the terms and conditions set forth herein, apart from paying
you your full salary and allowances during the Notice Period _the [appellant]
agrees to pay you:_

(i) 13,014 shares in Man Group plc granted to you under the terms of the Man
plc 2002, 2003 and 2004 coinvestment schemes (as at close of business 10 June
2005 valued at approximately US$330,000); and

(ii) a goodwill payment of US$263,000.

[emphasis added]

184 The total value of what the respondent expected to receive under Clause
B.1 was approximately S$1m.

185 It will be seen that Clause C.1 was _prima facie_ an important term of the
Termination Contract. Indeed, it was of equal importance to – and formed part
of the same context as – Clause C.2 and Clause C.3, all of which collectively
constituted, _quantitatively_ at least, the lion’s share of the consideration
furnished by the respondent to the appellant pursuant to the Termination
Agreement.

186 Mr Chia sought to argue that Clause D.1 was also part of the consideration
furnished by the respondent. This is a fair point, but not necessarily a
sufficient argument in so far as the present issue before this court is
concerned. This is because the precise _importance_ of _Clause D.1_ is _not_
_necessarily_ conclusive (or even indicative) of the precise _importance_ of
_Clause C.1_ , which was ultimately the clause that was at issue in this
appeal. In other words, even if Clause D.1 was an important term (and, hence,
a condition pursuant to the condition-warranty approach), it did _not
necessarily_ mean that, _inter alia_ , _Clause C.1_ was _not_ a condition. To
this end, we need (as mentioned in, _inter alia_ , [179] above) to examine the
surrounding circumstances leading up to the parties’ entry into the
Termination Agreement in order to ascertain whether or not these contracting
parties _intended_ Clause C.1 to be a condition.

187 Before proceeding to do so, however, an important point needs to be noted
in relation to _Clause D.1_. As we have explained in some detail earlier in
this judgment (at [23]), the focus of the Termination Agreement was on
_effecting closure of the employment relationship that hitherto existed
between the appellant and the respondent_. In other words, the focus was _not_
on _settling_ any disputes then existing between the parties as such. If so,
then the _purpose_ of Clause D.1 might actually be the _opposite_ of what Mr
Chia argued on behalf of the respondent in the preceding paragraph. In other
words, Clause D.1 was _not_ intended by the contracting parties to be an
_important_ term (at least when compared to the _other_ clauses, including
Clause C.1). It might be construed, instead, as _a general “catch-all”_
clause. However, as we have emphasised, the key focus is on whether or not the
contracting parties intended Clause C.1 to be a condition.

188 To this end, we turn to the surrounding circumstances referred to earlier
in this judgment (at [26]–[38]), _viz_ , the various negotiations between the
respondent and the appellant prior to the conclusion of the Termination
Agreement (of which Clause C.1 was an integral part). These negotiations can
be considered as they constituted part of the factual matrix surrounding the
Termination Agreement itself (see, for example, the decision of this court in
_Sandar Aung v Parkway Hospitals Singapore Pte Ltd_ [2007] 2 SLR 891 at
[29]–[37]). They comprised, in fact, as alluded to above, a series of
correspondence between the parties. It is clear, in our view, that Clause C.1
was intended by the appellant and the respondent to be a _condition_. It was
an integral part of an important cluster of clauses (under clause C of the
Termination Agreement (“Clause C”)). Indeed, without complying with the sub-
clauses under Clause C, the respondent would be unable to receive the
Compensation set out in Clause B.1. So important were the sub-clauses under
Clause C that the respondent himself took great pains to ensure that their
ambit and scope were acceptable to him. As we saw above (at [38]), the
respondent sought – and obtained – a reduction of the period of restraint
under, _inter alia_ , Clause C.1 from _twelve months to seven months_.

189 We also examine briefly Clause B.2 (reproduced earlier at [39]). For ease
of reference and present analysis, it is reproduced again, as follows:

B.2. _Save in the event that you breach any of the terms of this Termination
Agreement_ , the sums set out in B.1(b) above will be paid to you in full and
without deduction at the end of the Notice Period, on 13 September 2005.
[emphasis added]

190 It is significant, in our view, that the italicised words in Clause B.2
were _inserted by the appellant_ (_and_ _accepted_ by _the respondent_). It is
clear that the appellant was not prepared to pay the relevant sums to the
respondent without any qualification (which would have been the case had the
respondent’s original draft of this clause (as set out above at [35]) been
accepted). Indeed, the words (in italics) inserted by the appellant make it
amply clear that those sums would _not_ be paid to the respondent in the event
that the respondent breached “any of the terms of this Termination Agreement”
(which, of course, included Clause C.1). This is consistent with the general
conclusion which we have arrived at to the effect that Clause C.1 was a
_condition_.

**_Conclusion on the consequences of breach of Clause C.1_**

191 In summary, the present appeal concerned a fact situation that fell within
neither Situation 1 nor Situation 2 in _RDC Concrete_ ([152] _supra_). In so
far as Situation 3(a) and Situation 3(b) are concerned, since we have found
that the present fact situation fell within _Situation 3(a)_ (_ie_ , Clause
C.1 was a _condition_), there was, consistent with the principles and
reasoning enunciated in _RDC Concrete_ , which were referred to briefly above
at [158], _no need_ for us to consider the legal effect of Situation 3(b).

192 In the circumstances, the appellant was, in the light of the respondent’s
breach of Clause C.1 as well as our finding that that particular clause was a
_condition_ of the Termination Agreement, _entitled to terminate the
contract_. It follows, therefore, that the respondent could _not_ enforce his
claim for the Compensation under the Termination Agreement.

**The implied duty of good faith and fidelity owed by an employee to an
employer at common law**

193 It is trite law that there is an _implied_ term in the employer’s favour
that the employee will serve the employer with good faith and fidelity, and
that he or she (the employee) will also use reasonable care and skill in the
performance of his or her duties pursuant to the employment contract (see the
oft-cited English decisions of _Robb v Green_ [1895] 2 QB 315 and _Hivac
Limited v Park Royal Scientific Instruments Limited_ [1946] Ch 169; reference
may also be made, in the local context, to the Singapore High Court decision
of _Asiawerks Global Investment Group Pte Ltd v Ismail bin Syed Ahmad_ [2004]
1 SLR 234 at [61]).

194 However, given the decision which we arrived at in relation to the
consequences following the _breach_ of Clause C.1, it was unnecessary for us
to consider the issue of whether or not there was also a breach of the implied
term referred to in the preceding paragraph.

**Conclusion**

195 To summarise, for the reasons set out above:

(a) We hold that the doctrine of restraint of trade applies to the Termination
Agreement in general, and Clause C.1 therein in particular.

(b) We hold that Clause C.1 was reasonable and, hence, valid, having regard to
the applicable principles relating to the doctrine of restraint of trade.

(c) We agree with the Judge that there had been a breach of Clause C.1 on the
facts of the present case.

(d) We hold that Clause C.1 was in fact a _condition_ of the Termination
Agreement, which therefore entitled the appellant to terminate the said
agreement.

(e) It follows, therefore, that the respondent was not entitled to the
Compensation under the Termination Agreement which he sought in the present
proceedings.

196 In the circumstances, the appeal is allowed with costs, and with the usual
consequential orders to follow. In so far as the quantum of costs is
concerned, having regard to the overall manner in which the various issues
were raised and argued, we award the appellant three-quarters of the costs of
the appeal. Although we differed from the Judge’s ultimate decision in the
court below, we affirmed most of his factual and legal findings. In the
circumstances, we see no reason to disturb the costs order made by the Judge
in the court below, save that the appellant need not reimburse the respondent
half of the total hearing fees paid by the respondent. If any further
consequential orders are required, the parties have liberty to apply.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 29 Nov 2007 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

