Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Lau Yu Man v Wellmix Organics (International) Pte Ltd  
[2007] SGHC 96

Case Number | : | CWU 110/2006, SUM 4564/2006  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 20 June 2007  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Lee Seiu Kin J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Philip Jeyaretnam SC, Ajinderpal Singh, Elizabeth Yeo, Zulkarnain Abdul Rahim (Rodyk & Davidson) for the plaintiff; Edwin Lee, Wong Tjen Wee (Rajah & Tann) for the parties opposing the winding up application   
Parties | : |  Lau Yu Man — Wellmix Organics (International) Pte Ltd   
  
Companies – Winding up – Whether Company had suspended its business for one
year – Whether just and equitable that Company be wound up – Sections
254(1)(c) and (i) of the Companies Act (Cap 50, 2006 Rev Ed)  
  

20 June 2007 |   
---|---  
  
Lee Seiu Kin J:

1 On 23 August 2006 the plaintiff (“Lau”) filed this application to wind up
the defendant company (“the Company”) pursuant to s 254(1)(c) and (i) of the
Companies Act (Cap 50, 2006 Rev Ed) (“the Act”). The submissions were heard on
16 January, and on 2 and 5 February 2007. On 5 February 2007 I made the
following orders:

(a) The application for winding up is adjourned with liberty to the plaintiff
to apply for a winding up order after 5 June 2007 if the Company fails to
rectify the breaches or fails to comply with the Companies Act (i.e. to file
audited accounts of the Company within four months and to rectify all the
Company’s previous breaches and comply with the requirements of the Companies
Act); and

(b) Costs of the winding up application be reserved.

2 On 27 February 2007 Lau filed an appeal against my decision and I now give
my grounds of decision.

3 The Company was incorporated on 15 October 1998. Its authorised capital is
$100,000 with 100 shares of $1 each issued and paid up. Lau owns 10% of the
shares. According to Lau’s affidavit, 65% of the shares are owned by one Lai
Shit Har (“Lai”) and the remaining 10% by one David Choo (“Choo”).

4 Lau relies on two grounds:

(a) The Company has suspended its business for one year, under s 254(1)(c) of
the Act; and

(b) It is just and equitable that the Company be wound up under s 254(1)(i) of
the Act.

5 In his affidavit of 17 August 2006 filed in support of this application, Lau
set out the following background facts. The principal business of the Company
is the sale of fertiliser. This is purchased from the Wellmix Group of
Companies based in Hong Kong. The parent company of the Wellmix Group is Cheer
Union Development Ltd (“CUDL”) and Lau is the Chairman of its board of
directors. Lau stated that there had been a breakdown of relationship between
the Wellmix Group and the Company. The Company had not conducted any business
after 31 December 2000 and no directors’ or shareholders’ meetings have been
held. Furthermore no proper accounting and management records have been kept
or maintained. Lau alleged that he was induced by one Raymond Wong (“Wong”),
to invest $100,000 in the Company on the basis that Wong would procure a
further investment of $500,000 from others, including himself. Lau claimed
that Wong had not only failed to do this, but also to account for the $100,000
that Lau had injected into the Company. Lau explained that the majority
shareholder, Lai, is the mother of Wong and that Wong is in effective control
of the Company as Lai is an 85-year old lady. In 2000, the Company commenced
an action in the High Court in Suit No 600041/2000 against CUDL. Lau did not
set out the nature of this action but said that he reached an agreement with
the Company whereby he would resign as director and transfer his shares in the
Company to any person nominated by the Company and CUDL would pay the sum of
$20,000 in consideration for which the Company would remove the word “Wellmix”
from its name. But for reasons not disclosed by Lau, the Company filed a
notice of discontinuance on 11 May 2000 but without removing either Lau as
director or the word “Wellmix” from its name. As a result of this, the payment
of $20,000 was never made. The last communication in respect of that action
was in June 2000. Lau’s affidavit then skips five years into October 2005,
when his solicitors wrote to the Company’s solicitors for permission to
inspect the Company’s records. When this was refused, Lau’s solicitors applied
to court for such access in Originating Summons No 2173/2005. This was granted
on 4 July 2006 and Lau appointed an accountant to conduct the inspection on 2
August 2006. Lau alleged that results were shocking. There was no proper books
or accounting records maintained by the Company and no annual returns have
been filed with the Registry of Companies since incorporation. Further, there
was no evidence that Wong had secured the $500,000 investment as he had
represented.

6 Lau concluded his affidavit by stating that as no proper books or records
had ever been maintained, the Company had not recorded the receipt or use of
the sum of $100,000 invested by him and there is no evidence of the $500,000
investment or any other investment, it would be just and equitable for the
court to order the Company to be wound up so that a liquidator could
investigate into its affairs. Lau also alleged that Wong had misused the
Company as a vehicle to commence various actions against him, in particular
Suit No 642/2001. Lau stated that the Official Receiver would be able to
continue this suit if he considered it in the best interest of the Company to
do so. Lau said that there was no board resolution to authorise the
commencement of that action and that the court had stayed that action until 28
September 2006 to permit the ratification to be obtained.

7 The reply affidavit of Lai filed on 25 September 2006 cast light on the gaps
in Lau’s narrative. She explained that the Company was formed for the purpose
of obtaining from the Wellmix Group the sole agency for distribution of its
fertiliser in Asean and the Indian sub-continent. However Lau breached this
agreement and the Company commenced Suit No 642/2001 on 26 May 2001. This
action had been ongoing for more than 5 years due to a large number of
interlocutory applications and appeals from those decisions, including one
that went to the Court of Appeal. On 1 March 2004 the court scheduled a one-
week trial to commence from 30 August 2004, but this was vacated and
rescheduled to 4 July 2005 for two weeks. However further interlocutory
applications caused that trial date to be vacated and it was not until 15 June
2006 that the court set the date for trial on 21 August 2006. However on 31
July 2006 Lau filed Summons No 3450/2006 for security for costs, further
discovery and proof of authority to commence the suit. This was heard by the
Assistant Registrar on 10 August 2006 and she ordered that the action be
stayed pending production by the Company of ratification of the action. The
Company appealed against this order on 23 August 2006 and on 26 August 2006
Lau commenced this action to wind up the Company.

8 Lai alleged that for more than five years in the course of Suit No 642/2001,
Lau had never raised the issue of winding up the Company and had done so just
as the trial was due to begin. Lai said that Lau’s purpose in this winding up
application was to prevent the trial. Lai said that the Company had a
reasonably good prospect of success in its claim against Lau and gave an
outline of the Company’s case. It is essentially a claim for breach of
fiduciary duty by Lau as director. Lai also alleged that the present state of
the Company was caused by Lau as he had been unwilling to attend meetings or
resolve issues. Lai alleged that it was Lau’s breach of fiduciary duty that
caused the Company to be in financial straits. Lai claimed that all reasonable
efforts had been made to ensure proper management of the Company. In addition,
as Lau only controlled 10% whereas Lai and Choo controlled the other 90%, a
large majority of shareholders intended to continue the business. Lai outlined
potential business projects that had been lined up.

9 I should state that the controlling mind of the Company appears to be Wong,
the son of the majority shareholder Lai. Wong also filed an affidavit on 28
September 2006 while Lau filed a reply affidavit on 2 October 2006. Both these
affidavits add to the picture painted in the first two affidavits and I have
taken them into account.

10 After hearing the submissions of counsel, I was satisfied that the main
object, and therefore the substratum of the Company, was to distribute
fertiliser from the Wellmix Group. It is clear from the affidavits that a
dispute arose between Lau and Wong as to whether the distributorship agreement
covered Malaysia and this had caused a breakdown of their relationship. This
has resulted in the first suit (Suit No 600041/2000) being brought by the
Company against CUDL for supply of defective goods and breach of contract by
attempting to award the Malaysian distributorship to another company, which
the parties refer to as MATTRA. There was a proposed compromise in that
action, with CUDL paying $20,000 to the Company, and Lau withdrawing as
director and transferring his shares. But the Company did not go through with
this proposed compromise, although for some reason it discontinued that
action. Suit No 642/2001 was filed on 26 May 2001. This was a claim against
Lau himself, for breach of duties as director, in particular by getting MATTRA
to deal directly with the Wellmix Group instead of through the Company. The
Company claims substantial damages in its claim against Lau in that action.
However it is hampered by a lack of resources as Lau was the main financier
and, combined with the long interlocutory battles that have dragged the case
over five years, the Company has reached breaking point in terms of its
ability to continue the suit.

11 The other side of the coin is that the Company had transacted no business
after December 2000. Clearly it has suspended business since 2001. The Company
was being kept alive to sustain the action against Lau. Although Lai and Wong
claim that the Company was active in that it received mail etc, it is clear
that there is no intention to conduct business. Its only asset is the claim
against Lau. Under these circumstances, the condition for ordering winding up
under s 254(1)(c) has been met, i.e. the Company has suspended business for a
whole year – in fact it has been more than five years as at the date of filing
of this Originating Summons. However s 254(1) provides that the court “may”
order winding up; the court has the discretion not to do so where appropriate.
The issue before me is how I should exercise this discretion. The Company is
in disarray. It is not operated as a company. But ordering its winding up will
suppress a claim by an impecunious plaintiff (the Company in Suit No
642/2001). The parties have not submitted to me on the strength of the
Company’s claim against Lau. I therefore made my decision on the basis that
there is a claim and there is a defence. In order to assuage my concerns as to
whether winding up would suppress a meritorious claim, counsel for Lau gave
the undertaking on behalf of Lau that he would seek from the Liquidator only
costs going forward if the Liquidator decides to proceed with Suit No
642/2001. On the other hand, I was mindful that with a winding up an extra
layer of costs would be added to the process: that of the Liquidator. This
would in effect diminish the chance of the Company pursuing its claim against
Lau, even if it is a good one.

12 This is a difficult case. On the one hand there is the interest of Lau as
contributor. On the other hand there is the interest of Lai, as main
shareholder of a company whose only asset is the claim. Counsel for the
Company suggested that I could set a deadline for the Company to make good all
defaults in compliance with the Companies Act and Regulations. This would
substantially take care of Lau’s interest in the winding up. Taking into
account all the circumstances of the case, I was of the view that the
appropriate order to make at this stage was what counsel for the Company had
suggested, i.e. imposing a condition on the Company to file audited accounts
within four months, to rectify all previous breaches and comply with the
requirements of the Act. I accordingly ordered the application to be adjourned
with liberty to Lau to apply for a winding up order after 5 June 2007, if the
Company failed to rectify those breaches or failed to comply with the Act by
that date, with costs reserved.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 20 Jun 2007 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

