Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Donald McArthy Trading Pte Ltd and Others v Pankaj s/o Dhirajlal (trading
as TopBottom Impex)  
[2007] SGCA 8

Case Number | : | CA 93/2006  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 14 February 2007  
Tribunal/Court | : | Court of Appeal  
Coram | : |  Chan Sek Keong CJ; Lee Seiu Kin J; Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  P Jeya Putra and Wendy Leong Marnyi (AsiaLegal LLC) for the appellants; Mahtani Bhagwandas (Harpal Mahtani Partnership) and Letchamanan Devadason (Steven Lee Dason & Khoo) for the respondent   
Parties | : |  Donald McArthy Trading Pte Ltd; Vinod Kumar Ramgopal Didwania; Nidhi Vinod Didwania — Pankaj s/o Dhirajlal (trading as TopBottom Impex)   
  
Credit and Security – Money and moneylenders – Illegal money-lending –
Respondent making arrangement with own bankers to issue letters of credit for
payment of goods purchased by first appellant – First appellant paying
respondent commission and interest in addition to principal sum under letters
of credit for provision of such service – Whether arrangement amounting to
moneylending – Whether such arrangement illegal and unenforceable – Sections 2
Moneylenders Act (Cap 188, 1985 Rev Ed)  
  

14 February 2007 |   
---|---  
  
Chan Sek Keong CJ (delivering the grounds of decision of the court):

1 This was an appeal against the decision of Kan Ting Chiu J in _Pankaj s/o
Dhirajlal v Donald McArthy Trading Pte Ltd_ [2006] 4 SLR 79 (“ _Pankaj_ ”),
who decided against the appellants in their application under O 33 rr 2 and
3(2) of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2004 Rev Ed) for three issues of law
to be determined as preliminary issues (“the preliminary issues”). These
issues were as follows:

(a) Whether the respondent was a moneylender within the terms of the
Moneylenders Act (Cap 188, 1985 Rev Ed) (“MLA”);

(b) If issue (a) was answered in the affirmative, whether the respondent was
an unlicensed moneylender within the terms of the MLA; and

(c) If issues (a) and (b) were answered in the affirmative, whether the
transactions made under the agreement as pleaded by the respondent in the
statement of claim pursuant to which the respondent was claiming for sums
allegedly due from the appellants (including interest payments) were in fact
loans made by an unlicensed moneylender and were illegal and thus
unenforceable and/or void as they infringed the MLA, and afforded the
appellants a complete defence to the respondent’s alleged claims under the
agreement.

At the conclusion of the hearing of the appeal, we unanimously dismissed the
appeal. We now give the reasons for our decision.

**Facts**

2 For the purposes of the determination of the preliminary issues, the
appellants agreed to proceed on the basis of the respondent’s pleaded case at
its highest. The effect of this approach was that where there was a dispute on
the material facts, the court was to accept those facts as alleged by the
respondent. In our view, this was the correct approach to take as the power to
order the trial of a preliminary issue of law would not have been exercised
unless there was no substantial disagreement on the material facts.

3 Accordingly, putting aside any disputed facts that could be determined at
the main trial, the relevant material facts for the purpose of these
proceedings were as follows. The first appellant is a limited company, Donald
McArthy Trading Pte Ltd. The second and third appellants are the directors and
shareholders of the first appellant. The respondent is the sole proprietor of
a business known as TopBottom Impex. The parties have known each other for
more than 20 years. Sometime in or about 1997, the appellants and the
respondent came to an agreement (“the Agreement”) whereby the respondent would
allow his letter of credit facilities with his banks (“L/C facilities”) to be
used by the first appellant to finance goods purchased by it. In consideration
of this service, the first appellant would reimburse the respondent the actual
principal amount used, the costs and disbursements charged by the respondent’s
banks, a 1.5% commission charge on the amount of each letter of credit used
and interest fixed at 12% per annum (which might be adjusted to 14% if the
first appellant was late with repayment).

4 From mid-1998 to at least 2000, the first appellant made frequent use of the
respondent’s L/C facilities subject to the terms of the Agreement. However,
the first appellant defaulted in reimbursing the respondent the amounts of the
L/C facilities used by it, as a result of which the respondent commenced an
action on 1 April 2005, alleging that the first appellant was merely a shield
for the second and third appellants’ fraudulent activities and seeking to lift
the corporate veil of the first appellant, consequently claiming from the
appellants the sums of US$361,459.66 as principal and US$239,441 as interest.

5 The appellants did not deny the existence of the Agreement but pleaded that
it was terminated in October 2000 and all outstanding sums had been paid back
to the respondent. Subsequently, the appellants changed solicitors, following
which their defence was amended on 7 November 2005 to plead that the
transactions under the respondent’s L/C facilities were moneylending
transactions, and that as the respondent was an unlicensed moneylender, these
transactions were unenforceable under the MLA. It was in relation to this
defence and pursuant to the appellants’ subsequent application that Kan J was
asked to determine the preliminary issues. In relation to these issues, he
held, respectively, that first, there was no loan of money by the respondent
to the first appellant; instead, the respondent had in fact lent or rented his
L/C facilities to the first appellant, and the MLA was thereby inapplicable:
see _Pankaj_ ([1] _supra_) at [23]. Secondly, if the transactions were in law
moneylending arrangements, Kan J held that the respondent was an unlicensed
moneylender within the terms of the MLA, and the appellants would therefore
have a complete defence to the respondent’s claims: _Pankaj_ at [38] and [39].

**Purpose of the MLA**

6 Before giving our reasons for our decision on the preliminary issues, it
would be useful to restate the legislative purpose of the MLA and the relevant
principles that have been established by case law on the scope of the MLA. It
is trite that a court should give effect to the legislative purpose when
interpreting an Act of Parliament. From the transcripts of parliamentary
debates on the enactment and subsequent amendments of the MLA, it is clear
that Parliament intended the MLA to be a social legislation designed to
protect individuals who, being unable to borrow money from banks and other
financial institutions, have to turn to unscrupulous unlicensed moneylenders
who prey on people like them. For example, in _Singapore Parliamentary
Debates, Official Report_ (2 September 1959) vol 11 at col 593, Mrs Seow Peck
Leng made the following remarks:

This Bill [referring to the Moneylenders Bill] is laudable for the fact that
it protects the poor from the clutches of unscrupulous moneylenders. This
Bill, in my opinion, should be implemented as soon as possible to ease the
hardship of those already victimised and to prevent those who, because of
financial difficulties, may be victimised in the future …

_It is the very, very poor, Sir, who need protection most, who usually take
loans of less than $100, and I think that they are the ones who should be
protected_ …

[emphasis added]

These expressions of legislative purpose have been reiterated whenever the MLA
has come up for amendment in Parliament. For example, in _Singapore
Parliamentary Debates, Official Report_ (28 May 1993) vol 61 at col 294, Prof
S Jayakumar (the Minister for Law) said:

Sir, this Bill amends the Moneylenders Act to increase the quantum of
penalties for illegal moneylending…

Members, I am sure, would have read numerous accounts in the press of illegal
moneylenders or loansharks resorting to the use of threats and violence in
extracting payment from debtors for loans given. These loans were often at
exorbitant rates of interest. _They prey on debtors who, having no access to
the usual channels of raising finance, had no recourse except to look to those
loansharks for their funds_.

[emphasis added]

7 In a similar vein, this court in _Lorrain Esme Osman v Elders Finance Asia
Ltd_ [1992] 1 SLR 369 at 378, [39] endorsed Farwell J’s observations in
_Litchfield v Dreyfus_ [1906] 1 KB 584 at 590 with respect to the Money-
lenders Act 1900 (c 51) (UK), stating that what he said was equally true of
the MLA. Farwell J had said that:

The Act [referring to the English Act] was intended to apply only to persons
who are really carrying on the business of money-lending as a business, not to
persons who lend money as an incident of another business or to a few old
friends by way of friendship. This particular Act was supposed to be required
to save the foolish from the extortion of a certain class of the community who
are called money-lenders as an offensive term.

8 These comments echo the views which the English Select Committee took into
account when enacting the English Money-lenders Act 1900. The Crowther
Committee’s Report on Consumer Credit (Cmnd 4596, 1971) at para 2.1.22
summarised these views as follows:

… Much of the evidence given to the Committee, and to its successor appointed
in 1898, was concerned with such victims of the rapacious moneylender as the
widow forced to borrow on a bill of sale of her household effects, and the
young son of the aristocracy who in the course of sowing his wild oats ran up
large debts, at exorbitant interest, which his family [was] later blackmailed
into paying to avoid the publicity of court proceedings.

9 The thrust of these comments is clear. The statutory provisions of the MLA,
as V K Rajah J observed in _City Hardware Pte Ltd v Kenrich Electronics Pte
Ltd_ [2005] 1 SLR 733 (“ _City Hardware_ ”) at [27],“have the salutary
objective of proscribing rapacious conduct by unlicensed and unprincipled
moneylenders” who prey on individuals who turn to them out of financial
destitution. The provisions of the MLA are not intended to apply to
transactions made at arm’s length between commercial entities. It has never
been the objective of the MLA to prohibit or impede legitimate commercial
intercourse between commercial persons. Indeed, Rajah J pointed out that the
courts should not adopt an over-extensive application of the MLA even though
its provisions may be _literally_ construed to cover most commercial
situations, as that would not advance the _legislative purpose_ of the Act. In
_City Hardware_ at [22], Rajah J said that:

A court has to bear in mind these crucial observations [referring to the
judicial pronouncements of the purpose of the MLA and similar foreign
legislation] when interpreting and applying the provisions of the MLA. _It
cannot be denied that_ ex facie _, its provisions have an extensive reach
appearing to embrace a myriad of commercial situations. In my view, it would
nonetheless be wholly inappropriate to apply the MLA to commercial
transactions between experienced business persons or entities, which do not_
prima facie _have the characteristics of moneylending_. [emphasis added]

**Whether the respondent was a moneylender within the terms of the MLA**

10 With these legislative and judicial comments as our reference point, we
considered the first issue as to whether the respondent was a moneylender
within the terms of the MLA. “Moneylender” is defined in s 2 of the MLA thus:

“moneylender” includes every person whose business is that of moneylending or
who carries on or advertises or announces himself or holds himself out in any
way as carrying on that business whether or not that person also possesses or
earns property or money derived from sources other than the lending of money
and whether or not that person carries on the business as a principal or as an
agent …

Section 2 then goes on to list certain persons and institutions which are not
to be regarded as “moneylenders” under the Act. However, before considering s
2, the obvious question that arose was whether, on the facts of this case,
there were, in the first place, any loans given by the respondent to the first
appellant, as in the absence of any loans, there could be no moneylending. It
is axiomatic that without “lending”, there could be no “moneylending”.

**_Whether there were loans under the Agreement_**

11 As observed by Rajah J in _City Hardware_ at [23], the MLA does not assist
in explicitly defining what constitutes lending or the loan of money. In this
context, Rajah J found the discussion in Clifford L Pannam, _The Law of Money
Lenders in Australia and New Zealand_ (The Law Book Company Limited, 1965) to
be of great assistance in both construing and applying the MLA. Pannam states
at p 6:

A loan of money may be defined, in general terms, as a simple contract whereby
one person (“the lender”) pays or agrees to pay a sum of money in
consideration of a promise by another person (“the borrower”) to repay the
money upon demand or at a fixed date. The promise of repayment may or may not
be coupled with a promise to pay interest on the money so paid. _The essence
of the transaction is the promise of repayment_. As Lowe J. put it in a
judgment delivered on behalf of himself and Gavan Duffy and Martin JJ. [in
_Ferguson v O’Neil_ [1943] VLR 30 at 32]: “‘Lend’ in its ordinary meaning in
our view imports an obligation on the borrower to repay.” Without that
promise, for example, the old _indebitatus_ count of money lent would not lay.
_Repayment is the ingredient which links together the definitions of “loan” to
be found in the_ Oxford English Dictionary, the various legal dictionaries and
the text books. _In essence then a loan is a payment of money to or for
someone on the condition that it will be repaid_. [emphasis added]

In elaboration, Rajah J noted at [24] that what constitutes lending must
remain a question of fact in every case. Careful consideration has to be given
to the form and substance of the transaction as well as the parties’ position
and relationship in the context of the entire factual matrix.

12 In addition, in the light of the discussion on the purpose and application
of the MLA above at [6] to [9], we were of the view that the courts should
not, in the words of Rajah J in _City Hardware_ at [25], “be overzealous in
analysing or deconstructing a transaction in order to infer and/or conclude
that the object of the transaction was to lend money”, especially when the
transactions take place in a commercial context. Similar advice can also be
found in the seminal decision of _Chow Yoong Hong v Choong Fah Rubber
Manufactory_ [1962] AC 209 (“ _Chow Yoong Hong_ ”), where Lord Devlin stated
at 216–217:

_The task of the court in such cases is clear. It must first look at the
nature of the transaction which the parties have agreed. If in form it is not
a loan, it is not to the point to say that its object was to raise money for
one of them or that the parties could have produced the same result more
conveniently by borrowing and lending money._ But if the court comes to the
conclusion that the form of the transaction is only a sham and that what the
parties really agreed upon was a loan which they disguised, for example, as a
discounting operation, then the court will call it by its real name and act
accordingly. [emphasis added]

**_Nature of the Agreement_**

13 In this appeal, it was clear to us that the Agreement was _ex facie_ a loan
or rental of credit facilities. There was no loan of money but a loan or
rental of credit facilities, specifically L/C facilities, which the respondent
had obtained from his bankers. Before us, counsel for the appellants argued
that several characteristics of the Agreement rendered the transactions
effected thereunder as loans of money. Counsel also argued that _Nissho Iwai
International (Singapore) Pte Ltd v Kohinoor Impex Pte Ltd_ [1995] 3 SLR 268
(“ _Nissho Iwai_ ”) and _City Hardware_ , both of which decided that similar
transactions were not loans of money, could be distinguished from the facts of
the present appeal. In effect, counsel argued that the Agreement was in
substance a moneylending arrangement although in form, it was a loan or rental
of L/C facilities.

14 This argument required consideration, as the mere fact that a financing
arrangement was made at arm’s length between two commercial entities does not,
_by itself,_ preclude it from being characterised as a moneylending
arrangement. It is a question of substance and not of form, although the form
of the transaction would _prima facie_ reflect the substance of the
transaction. In theory, as Rajah J noted in _City Hardware_ at [22], if the
parties had wilfully attempted to structure a transaction so as to evade the
application of the MLA, the court could construe the transaction as being a
loan of money.

_Commission and interest_

15 First, the appellants argued that the 1.5% commission charged by the
respondent on the full drawdown amount, in addition to the 12% interest per
annum, rendered the transactions under the Agreement loans. The thrust of this
argument was that the charging of a fixed interest rate of 12% per annum
irrespective of the rate of interest that was being charged by the
respondent’s banks on the L/C facilities made the lending of the facilities a
loan of money. The argument also implied that topping this 12% interest rate
with a 1.5% commission on the amount of the facility drawn down each time made
the transaction a usurious transaction. It was also pointed out to us that of
the amount claimed by the respondent for the period between December 1999 and
December 2003, the principal sum that was “lent” to the first appellant
amounted to US$361,459.66, and this was almost equivalent to the interest
charged, which amounted to US$239,441.

16 We rejected this argument as the respondent’s charges took into account the
risk of his exposure to his banks for the principal amounts drawn down under
the L/C facilities. It seemed to us that this method of charging borrowers of
L/C facilities is a common commercial practice in Singapore. In _Tan Sim Lay v
Lim Kiat Seng_ [1996] 2 SLR 769, Choo Han Teck JC (as he then was) had no
hesitation in concluding that this was not tantamount to moneylending (at 777,
[23]):

There is implicit in Lord Devlin’s judgment [in _Chow Yoong Hong_] that such
transactions at least have the colour of a genuine commercial transaction
other than pure moneylending. The defence there failed because the evidence
adduced was inadequate to convince the court that the transactions were not
only truly what they appeared. _Similar transactions may well include the
extension by one party for the use of another the credit facilities at the
disposal of the former in consideration of payment of a commission._ Such
transactions _per se_ may not be moneylending. In the present case, money was
actually advanced which were [_sic_] to be repaid with interest fixed at an
exorbitant rate. [emphasis added]

Similarly, in _Whole Rife Investments Limited v ACI Engineering (S) Pte Ltd_
[1998] SGHC 308, Tay Yong Kwang JC (as he then was) held at [50] that:

The transactions in question did not infringe the Moneylenders Act, which
related only to pure money transactions and _not to transactions which were
essentially concerned with the granting of credit facilities even though
interest may have been charged_ for delayed payment or pursuant to an
agreement (per Syed Othman F.J. in _Gillespie Bros & Co v Ngui Mui Khin &
Anor_ [1980] 1 MLJ 87, at page 88). [emphasis added]

17 Finally, we should mention that the 12% interest per annum charged by the
respondent for the use of the L/C facilities was not the net rate. The
respondent had to pay interest to his bankers on the amounts utilised by the
first appellant. As the banks’ interest rates were 9% to 10% per annum at all
material times, the interest the respondent charged was a mere 2% to 3%, in
addition to the 1.5% commission. The additional interest of 2% for late
payments was imposed because the banks were charging the respondent such
interest for late payments. Late payment interest would be chargeable to the
first appellant if and when it was responsible for incurring it. It did not
add to the respondent’s mark-up. Accordingly, we could not see how the
imposition of commission and interest pursuant to the Agreement turned the L/C
transactions into loans of money.

_Absence of interest on invoices and ledger_

18 Secondly, the appellants argued that when the respondent issued commercial
invoices to the first appellant for the actual principal amounts drawn down
under the L/C facilities with bank costs and disbursements plus the 1.5%
commission, the respondent did not indicate further interest charged to the
first appellant. Furthermore, the appellants pointed out that the respondent
kept a general ledger for the interest as per the banks’ method of
computation. These, according to the appellants, showed that the respondent
was behaving like a bank and had tried to evade the application of the MLA by
concealing the interest payable.

19 In our view, these features did not render the Agreement a moneylending
arrangement nor were they indications of any moneylending transactions within
the terms of the MLA. As the respondent explained, since he was unable to
compute interest as and when his invoices were rendered, he maintained an
accounting ledger named “Donald Account” to track payment and interest. None
of this was designed to disguise an underlying moneylending arrangement. In
fact, the respondent had exhibited the “Donald Account” to show that the
interest charged was in accordance with the agreed 12% and pro-rated to the
time when the first appellant paid the principal amount. Accordingly, we did
not find that the respondent had wilfully attempted to structure the Agreement
and the transactions made thereunder so as to evade the application of the
MLA.

_Respondent’s lack of interest in goods bought by appellants_

20 Thirdly, the appellants argued that because the respondent did not make any
real purchases of the goods in respect of the L/C facilities, the transactions
under the Agreement were in effect loans of money to the first appellant. In
our view, this argument had no merit. In _Nissho Iwai_ ([13] _supra_), Lim
Teong Qwee  JC decided that purchase financing involving the issuance of L/C
facilities by one party on another’s behalf, for which that first party was
liable to his own bank, was not a loan of money. The first party’s interest in
the goods bought by the other party was not material to the conclusion reached
by Lim JC. In our view, the underlying purchases and sales of the goods the
appellants undertook with their own suppliers were irrelevant to the question
of whether the transactions under the Agreement constituted moneylending
transactions. Moreover, the fact that the respondent was not the real
purchaser of the goods was irrelevant so long as the first appellant bought
the goods. The latter’s purchase gave effect to the whole purpose of the
Agreement, which was not to borrow money from the respondent but to make the
respondent’s L/C facilities available to the first appellant to finance goods
purchased by it. This reinforced our view that the Agreement was not a sham
arrangement designed to escape the application of the MLA.

21 Despite this, the appellants attempted to distinguish _Nissho_ _Iwai_ by
arguing that the goods bought by the defendants in _Nissho Iwai_ using the
plaintiff’s L/C facilities had been pre-on-sold, whereas the goods bought by
the appellants here were not. This was a distinction without substance.
Whether the goods were pre-on-sold or not did not matter in the determination
of the nature of the transaction. In fact, in _Nissho Iwai_ , the second
defendants had also argued that there were goods which had been purchased as
stock and not immediately on-sold. Despite this, Lim JC at 275, [18] of his
judgment held that “here again there [was] no loan”.

_Appellants’ lack of credit facilities_

22 Another factor relevant to our determination that the transactions made
under the Agreement were loans or rentals of credit facilities, and not of
money, was that the appellants did not have sufficient credit facilities and
had turned to the respondent for assistance. The appellants claimed that they
had alternative credit facilities, but whether this was true or not was
irrelevant, because even if they had such facilities, these facilities were
obviously insufficient for their businesses since they had arranged to borrow
the respondent’s L/C facilities. It would be contrary to common or commercial
sense for the appellants to have borrowed the respondent’s credit facilities
if they had sufficient credit lines themselves.

23 This is similar to the facts in _City Hardware_. In _City Hardware_ , the
plaintiff was in the business of selling and distributing sanitary fittings as
well as other household goods and appliances. Through the efforts of the
managing director of the defendant, the plaintiff was persuaded to enter into
a trading relationship to acquire merchandise from Aloh Pte Ltd (“Aloh”). In
turn, the plaintiff would supply such merchandise to the defendant at an
agreed mark-up. In effect, this tripartite arrangement allowed the plaintiff
to “sell” its credit facilities to the defendant for a fee, _ie_ , the mark-
up. In the event, Rajah J held (at [38]) that it was wholly inappropriate to
view the Aloh transactions as moneylending.

24 Rajah J observed at [42] that the transactions in _City Hardware_ could in
effect be viewed as a sale of credit facilities to the defendant. It was
undisputed that the defendant there could not obtain credit facilities,
whereas the plaintiff, given its standing, had substantial credit facilities.
The plaintiff facilitated the purchase of the goods by the defendant by making
arrangements with its bank to pay directly for the purchase of the goods. It
charged a fee for making these arrangements and absorbed the risk of a default
by the defendant. These transactions could be viewed as a “sale of credit
facilities” to the defendant. Alternatively, the arrangements could also be
considered as commission transactions for credit facilities which the
defendant could not obtain directly itself. In our view, the same
characterisation must apply to the transactions made under the Agreement here.

**_Market practice and policy considerations_**

25 For the reasons considered above, we concluded that the transactions under
the Agreement were loans or rentals of credit facilities by the respondent to
the first appellant and not loans of money. The imposition of commission and
interest, and the use of a ledger to record interest did not render these
transactions loans of money. As can be seen from the numerous cases of this
nature that have come before the courts, the financial arrangement set out in
the Agreement has become a common and established practice among small
business entities in Singapore where one party has L/C facilities but the
other party does not. Commercially, this is a mutually beneficial arrangement
with one party being able to take advantage of another party’s credit
facilities in order to expand his business, and the other party being able to
reduce the cost of his own credit facilities. There is no reason why the MLA
should proscribe such “win-win” solutions in the business sector when both
parties are able to negotiate the terms of the transaction at arm’s length.
Not only are these transactions not loans in nature or in form, they are also
a convenient way to expand credit facilities in the market.

26 In _Nissho Iwai,_ Lim JC said at 274, [18]:

… I think not a few importers who use the available letter of credit lines of
banking facilities of their business associates from time to time would be
surprised if they were told that they were borrowing money by doing that and
that their business associates would require a licence under the Moneylenders
Act.

This was said in 1995 concerning an arrangement that was made in 1991. Lim JC
recognised that this kind of arrangement was already an established feature of
commercial practice in Singapore and confirmed its status as a non-
moneylending arrangement or transaction. Businessmen have since regarded
_Nissho Iwai_ as having settled the legal status of such arrangements, in
spite of the fact that it was a first instance decision. Many attempts have
been made by less than honest parties to such arrangements to have _Nissho
Iwai_ declared as bad law or distinguished on the facts, as can be seen by the
judicial decisions referred to earlier. Every such attempt has been rebuffed
by the courts.

27 More importantly, _Nissho Iwai_ is well known to the policy makers in our
financial sector. The MLA has been amended several times since _Nissho Iwai_
was decided. In the recent decision of _City Hardware,_ Rajah J made some
pertinent observations (at [49]) on the need for the MLA to be reviewed and
fine-tuned to meet current consumer needs in a social and business environment
which is very different from that prevailing at the time when the first
moneylending legislation was enacted in England in 1900 (on which the MLA is
based). In April 2006, Rajah J’s comments were referred to in Parliament when
the Moneylenders (Amendment) Bill 2006 (No 12 of 2006), was debated. In the
debate, Parliament recognised the need to fine-tune the legislative framework
to keep pace with changes in the consumer credit industry. The amendments in
the Bill are not relevant to the nature of the arrangement which is the
subject matter of this appeal. Nevertheless, the fact that Parliament has
taken no step to address the social or commercial desirability of arrangements
to loan or rent L/C facilities must mean that as a matter of policy,
Parliament does not consider that such arrangements are contrary to the
legislative purpose of the MLA.

**Conclusion**

28 In view of our conclusion that there was no loan of money under the
Agreement from the respondent to the first appellant in the first place, we
would determine issue (a) in the negative, _ie_ , the respondent was not a
moneylender within the terms of the MLA. It was therefore unnecessary for us
to determine issues (b) and (c). Accordingly, we dismissed the appeal with
costs and with the usual consequential orders.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 14 Feb 2007 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

