Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Public Prosecutor v Law Aik Meng  
[2007] SGHC 33

Case Number | : | MA 164/2006  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 07 March 2007  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  V K Rajah J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  April Phang (Deputy Public Prosecutor) for the appellant; S Dhillon (Dhillon & Partners) for the respondent   
Parties | : |  Public Prosecutor — Law Aik Meng   
  
Criminal Procedure and Sentencing – Sentencing – Principles – Accused pleading
guilty to charges under Computer Misuse Act and Penal Code for working in
syndicate involved in perpetrating ATM card fraud – Whether totality principle
and one-transaction rule for sentencing applicable – Sections 4, 10 Computer
Misuse Act (Cap 50A, 1998 Rev Ed)  
  
Criminal Procedure and Sentencing – Sentencing – Principles – Policy
underpinning deterrent sentencing – Offences normally attracting deterrent
sentence  
  
Criminal Procedure and Sentencing – Sentencing – Principles – Whether
relevance of foreign case law limited to clarifying principles only – Whether
quantum of sentencing in other jurisdictions relevant  
  

7 March 2007 |   
---|---  
  
V K Rajah J:

1 Automated Teller Machines (“ATMs”) were first modestly devised as cash
dispensers for fully integrated banking networks. They gradually evolved to
facilitate various other transactions such as account checking, the acceptance
of cash deposits, currency recognition, monetary transfers, printing of bank
statements, updating passbooks, _inter alia_. Today, they function as a
veritable boon to the public, affording what can only be described as the
epitome of ease both in terms of accessing cash as well as executing other
essential transactions outside banking hours. Their ubiquitous presence has
spared many financial institutions the need to erect brick and mortar
branches, which has in turn helped to significantly reduce the costs of
banking transactions.

2 By facilitating round-the-clock access to their services, ATM networks not
only symbolise unprecedented convenience, they have also come to represent an
_indispensable_ conduit for the execution of a plethora of banal financial
transactions. Unfortunately, but not altogether surprisingly, the
proliferation of ATM facilities has engendered a corresponding proliferation
in card related fraud. This in turn has from time to time undermined public
confidence in the ability of banks to securely and effectively conduct
electronic transactions. The attendant compromise on the secrecy of a
customer’s banking account compounded by the difficulty in apprehending such
offenders, tilts the balance heavily in favour of _substantially deterrent
sentences_ for such offences.

3 The instant case is the first of its kind in Singapore to involve the
_entire_ criminal enterprise of ATM fraud. Commencing with card skimming and
progressing to the transfer of “stolen” data onto cloned ATM cards, it
culminated in the use of these cloned cards to withdraw money from the
violated accounts. Having pleaded guilty, the respondent was convicted on six
charges before the district court. The charges are as follows:

(a)_Two charges_ under s 4 read with s 10 of the Computer Misuse Act (Cap 50A,
1998 Rev Ed) (“CMA”) for engaging with accomplices to cause a computer to
secure access to the data in the Central Computer Systems of the Development
Bank of Singapore Limited (“DBS”), with the intention of using that access to
commit theft of cash in the possession of DBS; and

(b) _Four charges_ under s 379 read with s 109 of the Penal Code (Cap 224,
1985 Rev Ed) (“Penal Code”) for conspiring with accomplices to commit theft of
cash from the possession of DBS through an ATM.

4 94 further charges (70 charges under s 4 read with s 10 of the CMA; ten
charges under s 379 read with s 109 of the Penal Code; and 14 charges under s
379 read with s 511 of the Penal Code) were taken into consideration for the
purposes of sentencing.

5 The respondent was sentenced by the district judge (“the trial judge”) to 20
months’ imprisonment on each of the CMA charges proceeded with, and to six
months’ imprisonment on each of the theft charges proceeded with. The
sentences of the two CMA charges and two of the theft charges were ordered to
run consecutively. In effect, the entire sentence to be served by the
respondent amounted to 52 months’ imprisonment. When a dissatisfied
prosecution appealed, I allowed the appeal and enhanced the sentences to the
following terms: 42 months’ imprisonment for each of the two CMA charges; 15
months’ imprisonment for each of the four theft charges. The sentences in
_all_ six charges are to run _consecutively_ , giving rise to a term of 144
months’ (12 years’) imprisonment.

The facts

6 The respondent who is a male Malaysian national was a member of an organised
syndicate based in West Malaysia. The objective of the syndicate was to skim
data from genuine ATM cards in order to manufacture cloned ATM cards with
which fraudulent withdrawals could subsequently be made. This was implemented
by planting skimming devices at ATMs. The skimmer, a data capturing card
reader, would capture the card information of account holders who used the
ATM. A pin-hole camera was concealed above the ATM monitor to capture the act
of cardholders keying in their Personal Identification Numbers (“PINs”) on the
keypad. These video images were then transmitted wirelessly to an MP4 player,
which was also concealed nearby. The data would later be transferred to West
Malaysia, where the syndicate would decrypt the data and process multiple
cloned ATM cards. Finally the cloned cards would be employed to make
fraudulent withdrawals of cash from the same ATM network in Singapore.

7 The respondent’s role was to plant the skimming devices at certain DBS ATMs
in Singapore and then lie in wait in the vicinity. After data from a
sufficient number of ATM cards was captured, the respondent and his
accomplices would remove the skimming devices and transport them to the
syndicate in West Malaysia for the manufacture of cloned cards. The respondent
and his accomplices were also responsible for returning to Singapore to
withdraw cash from various ATMs in Singapore with the cloned cards.

8 The syndicate successfully withdrew a total of S$18,590 from Post Office
Savings Bank (“POSB”) accounts with the cloned cards before this was detected
and stopped. 849 POSB accounts were violated during the relevant period and
DBS had to both block and replace all these accounts. No restitution was made
by the respondent or any member of the syndicate to DBS for any of its losses.
The respondent’s accomplices are still at large.

Decision of the trial judge

9 The respondent pleaded in mitigation that he had received little education,
coming from an impoverished background; that he committed the offences to
settle debts; that he was merely a ‘runner’ and not the mastermind; that he
regretted committing the offences: see _PP v Law Aik Meng_ [2006] SGDC 243
(“GD”) at [5]. The prosecution, on the other hand, submitted _inter alia_ that
the respondent faced a large number of charges and that the criminal acts in
question were committed over a period of three months; that there was a high
degree of planning and organisation involved in the crime; that the respondent
was a member of a vertically integrated syndicated operation; that the manner
in which the offences were committed posed serious difficulties both in terms
of detection and apprehension: see GD at [6] to [9].

10 The trial judge agreed with the prosecution that such crimes would erode
confidence in the commercial and electronic banking systems in Singapore. He
was of the view that the ambient circumstances called for a deterrent sentence
to hinder both the respondent and other like-minded persons from committing
crimes via the electronic systems: see GD at [11]. In computing the sentence,
the following cases in various jurisdictions were considered in detail by the
trial judge:

(a) _R v Cenan_ [2004] EWCA Crim 3388 (English case): the accused and his
accomplice were charged with conspiracy to defraud by cloning credit cards and
using those cloned cards to obtain cash from machines. The accused was
sentenced to three years’ imprisonment after pleading guilty. The Court of
Appeal reduced the sentence of three years to two years’ imprisonment.

(b) _R v Taj; R v Gardner and R v Samuel_ [2003] EWCA Crim 2633 (English
case): the three accused persons were charged with conspiring with others to
defraud banks and other credit card issuing companies through the production
of counterfeit credit and debit cards, which were encoded with the details of
genuine cards. Taj was sentenced to five years’ imprisonment; Gardner was
sentenced to four years’ imprisonment; and Samuel was sentenced to seven years
detention in a young offender institution. On appeal, the Court of Appeal
reduced Samuel’s seven-year term to five and a half years. Taj’s sentence was
reduced to four years, and Gardner’s sentence was reduced to three years.

(c) _R v Mayer_ [2006] ABPC 30 (Canadian case): the accused pleaded guilty to
28 charges of using forged debit cards and debit card data. He was part of a
criminal organisation of individuals. Commenting that investigating the type
of criminal activity involved in the case was both difficult and time
consuming, the court imposed a global sentence of 18 months’ imprisonment.

(d) _HKSAR v Cheng Hung Man_ [2003] HKLCU LEXIS 1366 (Hong Kong case): the
accused faced three charges: one for the possession of a forged credit card, a
second for using the forged credit card, and a third for the possession of
equipment for the fabrication of a false instrument. He was sentenced to three
years’ imprisonment in respect of the first and second charges and four and a
half years’ imprisonment in respect of the third charge; all sentences were to
run concurrently.

(e) _PP v Navaseelan Balasingam_ [2006] SGDC 156 (“ _Navaseelan_ ”) (local
case): the accused was convicted on five theft charges and five charges under
s 4 of the CMA for using cloned ATM cards to steal money from United Overseas
Bank Limited. Another 258 charges were taken into consideration. The accused
pleaded guilty and he was sentenced to six months’ imprisonment for each theft
charge and 18 months’ imprisonment for each charge under the CMA, with two of
the theft charges and three of the CMA charges to run consecutively, making a
total of 66 months’ imprisonment.

11 Unaware that _Navaseelan_ ([10](e) _supra_) would be subsequently appealed
against and that the High Court on appeal determined that _all_ the CMA
charges were to run consecutively and that the accused would have to serve a
total of eight and a half years’ (102 months’) imprisonment (see [59] below),
the trial judge relied on the district court’s decision as a benchmark in
relation to the present matrix. He noted in particular the greater number of
charges taken into consideration in _Navaseelan_ (258 charges) as compared to
the present case (94 charges), as well as the larger amount involved in
_Navaseelan_ ($54,000) in contradistinction to the present case ($18,590): see
GD at [17]. _In addition, he observed that the sentences imposed in the
foreign cases ranged between three to five years’ imprisonment_ : see GD at
[18]_._ The trial judge then determined that a total sentence of 52 months’
imprisonment was appropriate in the present case.

The authorities considered by the trial judge

**_PP v Navaseelan Balasingam_**

12 A close examination of _Navaseelan_ ([10](e) _supra_) reveals the factual
scenario in that case to be quite different from the present in several
aspects. The more obvious differences relate to the nature of the offences and
the role of the offender.

_Nature of the offences_

13 The offences in _Navaseelan_ related solely to the use of counterfeit ATM
cards to illegally withdraw cash from various ATMs. A syndicate _supplied the
counterfeit ATM cards_ to the accused. In contrast, the offences in the
present case involved an entire train of criminal infractions. The Malaysia-
based syndicate, in which the respondent was a key player, systematically
planned, organised and targeted an entire banking network in Singapore. The
CMA charges in the present case involved the accessing of bank accounts
through the use of counterfeit ATM cards and PINs, not unlike _Navaseelan_ ,
but significantly _also_ included the audacious planting of skimming devices
to secure that access. The bold and brazen nature of the offences in the
present case clearly warrants a harsher severe penalty.

_Role of the offender_

14 A further distinction between _Navaseelan_ and the present case relates to
the roles of the respective accused persons. In the former case, the accused
was convicted for _using_ counterfeit ATM cards to withdraw money illegally
from ATMs. In the present case, the respondent was convicted not only for the
use of counterfeit ATM cards, but also for _planting skimming devices in ATMs
to facilitate the manufacture of such cards_. The respondent’s role in the
criminal scheme was far more immediate and pronounced than that of the accused
in _Navaseelan_. In fact, the scheme would not have worked _if not for_ steps
specifically implemented by the respondent. It is trite law that the greater
the extent of the offender’s involvement or participation, the higher the
sentence warranted (see _PP v Sayidina Ali bin Ibie & Ors_ [1989] 2 MLJ 137;
_PP v Chan Chuan & Anor_ [1991] 2 MLJ 538; _PP v Nazarudin bin Ahmad & Ors_
[1993] 2 MLJ 9).

**_Relevance of foreign sentencing precedents_**

15 The trial judge also appears to have attached considerable weight to a
number of sentencing precedents from England, Canada and Hong Kong. I was
surprised to note that he went as far as to rubber stamp the actual sentences
meted out in these foreign cases as guidelines to fix the upper and lower
limits of the sentencing tariff the court ultimately adopted in this case: GD
at [18]. It bears emphasis that while foreign authorities are helpful in
clarifying the relevant s _entencing principles_ in connection with a
particular offence, the _precise quantum_ relating to sentences imposed by
foreign courts cannot afford an appropriate guide or benchmark for sentencing
by our courts. In _Chia Kim Heng Frederick v PP_ [1992] 1 SLR 361 at 365 Yong
CJ unequivocally declared:

Because the approach towards sentencing is governed by the objective in
inflicting punishment, which in turn reflects the social environment in a
country, it would not be appropriate for a court in Singapore to follow
completely the approach and practice followed by English courts in sentences
for imprisonment …

16 It has been held that public interest is the court’s foremost consideration
when deciding on an appropriate sentence; _Sim Gek Yong v PP_ [1995] 1 SLR
537. In _Angliss Singapore Pte Ltd v PP_ [2006] 4 SLR 653 (“ _Angliss_ ”), I
stated at [17] that public interest dictates that in balancing the equation, a
sentencing judge should apply his mind to whether the sentence is necessary
and justified by the public’s concern in deterring and preventing a particular
type of criminal conduct. In the present case, public interest definitely
figures as a vital, if not dominant consideration. Be that as it may, it is
also pertinent to reiterate that public interest is not a static concept
fossilised by time or space, but rather a dynamic one, shaped and coloured by
the circumstances and mores of a particular society. It has been famously
observed in another context that public interest is an unruly horse to mount
and once incorrectly mounted is difficult to dismount. For that reason,
sentencing courts must be extremely circumspect when devising _sentencing
benchmarks_ based on another jurisdiction’s public policy or interest. Indeed,
given the differences in culture, community values, public policy and
sentencing attitudes in different jurisdictions, undue and unthinking
deference by local courts to the sentencing benchmarks pronounced by foreign
courts could well result in sentences inconsistent with and ill-suited to the
administration of criminal justice in Singapore.

Principles of sentencing applicable to the present case

17 The conventional considerations, or ‘classical principles’ of sentencing,
may be divided into four broad categories: deterrence, retribution, prevention
and rehabilitation: _R v Sargeant_ (1974) 60 Cr App R 74 at 77. In a case such
as this, where the accused has played a pivotal role in a sophisticated
foreign syndicate that has sought to systematically and unflinchingly
perpetrate fraud on a massive scale in Singapore, the principles of deterrence
and retribution must assume centre-stage. These two principles will therefore
be my prime focus.

**_Deterrence_**

18 It has been a recurrent theme in our sentencing jurisprudence that ‘the
dominant choice of sentence in advancing the public interest is the deterrent
sentence’ (see _Sentencing Practice in the Subordinate Courts_ (Butterworths,
2003, 2nd Ed) (“ _Sentencing Practice_ ”) at p 73). Yong CJ observed with his
customary clarity and acuity in _PP v Tan Fook Sum_ [1999] 2 SLR 523 (“ _Tan
Fook Sum_ ”) at 533:

The foremost significance of the role of deterrence, both specific and
general, in crime control in recent years, not least because of the
established correlation between the sentences imposed by the courts and crime
rates, need hardly be mentioned.

19 This approach has been the cornerstone of our sentencing jurisprudence
though it has not always been universally acclaimed by academics as invariably
effective (see for example, Andrew von Hirsch et al, _Criminal Deterrence and
Sentence Severity: An Analysis of Recent Research_ (Hart Publishing, 1999)
(“Andrew von Hirsch et al, 1999”)). Ultimately however, the judicial
philosophy and approach to crime control in each jurisdiction is a policy
decision based on the balancing of communitarian values and concerns against
individual interests. It is pointless to attempt to distil from the various
strands of foreign criminal legal jurisprudence a universal consensus that
could or should be applied in Singapore. The present crime control model
premised on a judicious and focussed application of deterrence coupled with
the effective apprehension of offenders has worked well for Singapore. There
is neither any need nor basis to tamper with the present judicial policy of
broadly applying deterrence as a vital sentencing consideration to a variety
of different crimes. To pointlessly eclipse this approach would be to ignore
the melancholic wisdom in the refrain of an old song: “You don’t know what you
have got until it is gone”.

20 There are two aspects to deterrence: specific and general deterrence. These
two aspects correspond to the deterrence of _the offender_ and the deterrence
of _likely or potential offenders_ respectively.

_Specific deterrence_

21 Specific deterrence operates through the discouraging effects felt when an
offender experiences and endures the punishment of a particular offence.
Drawing from the maxim “once bitten twice shy”, it seeks to instil in a
particular offender the fear of re-offending through the potential threat of
re-experiencing the same sanction previously imposed.

22 Specific deterrence is usually appropriate in instances where the crime is
premeditated: _Tan Fook Sum_ at 533, [18]. This is because deterrence probably
works best where there is a _conscious_ choice to commit crimes. Nigel Walker
and Nicola Padfield in _Sentencing: Theory, Law and Practice_ (Butterworths,
1996, 2nd Ed) (“Padfield & Walker, 1996”) at p 99 explain the theory of
‘undeterribility’. Pathologically weak self-control, addictions, mental
illnesses and compulsions are some of the elements that, if possessed by an
offender, may constitute ‘undeterribility’, thus rendering deterrence futile.
Such elements seem to involve some form of impulse or inability to make proper
choices on the part of the offender, which, by definition, runs counter to the
concept of premeditation. It should be pointed out here that this reasoning
applies with equal cogency to _general_ deterrence (discussed below from [24]
to [28]).

23 In the present case, the offences were without a doubt, premeditated and
carefully planned. There was a conscious choice and effort on the part of the
respondent and his accomplices to devise and carry out the criminal scheme in
blatant disregard of the consequences of their conduct on both financial
institutions and ATM customers in Singapore. It is appropriate in a case such
as this to unequivocally signal that such offenders will be visited with
severe punishment.

_General deterrence_

24 General deterrence aims to educate and deter other like-minded members of
the general public by making an example of a particular offender: _Meeran bin
Mydin v PP_ [1998] 2 SLR 522 at 525 (“ _Meeran bin Mydin”)_. Premeditated
offences aside, there are many other situations where general deterrence
assumes significance and relevance. These may relate to the type and/or
circumstances of a particular offence. Some examples of the types of offences,
which warrant general deterrence are:

(a) _Offences against or relating to public institutions, such as the courts,
the police and the civil service_ : In _Meeran bin Mydin_ , the appellant
bribed an immigration officer at Woodlands Checkpoint by giving him money to
procure social visit passes to enable various Indonesian nationals to enter
Singapore via the checkpoint. A deterrent sentence was imposed by the court.
Further, in _Mohammed Zairi bin Mohamad Mohtar & Anor v PP_ [2002] 1 SLR 344
(“ _Mohammed Zairi_ ”), the appellants were prison guards who were found to
have abused the prisoners under their watch; Yong CJ was of the view that a
clear message had to be sent that prison brutality would not be condoned under
any circumstances.

(b) _Offences against vulnerable victims_ : Offences against vulnerable
victims often create deep judicial disquiet and general deterrence must
necessarily constitute an important consideration in the sentencing of
perpetrators. In _PP v NF_ [2006] 4 SLR 849, I stated as follows:

… [O]ur courts would be grievously remiss if they did not send an _unequivocal
and uncompromising message to all would-be sex offenders_ that abusing a
relationship or a position of authority in order to gratify sexual impulse
will inevitably be met with the harshest penal consequences. _In such cases,
the sentencing principle of general deterrence must figure prominently and be
unmistakably reflected in the sentencing equation._

[emphases added]

Australian courts have taken a similar stance toward offences against
vulnerable groups of victims such as the old, the young, the weak and the
disadvantaged: see _Kane_ (1987) 29 A Crim R 326.

(c) _Offences involving professional or corporate integrity or abuse of
authority_ : In the leading local decision of _Wong Kai Chuen Philip v PP_
[1990] SLR 1011, Chan Sek Keong J (as he then was) emphatically asserted at p
1017-1018 that the criminal breach of trust by a lawyer in the discharge of
his professional duty must inevitably call for a custodial sentence of a
deterrent nature, not so much to deter the offender concerned but rather to
deter other members of his profession from committing similar offences. It is
axiomatic from this statement that general deterrence is an important
consideration in many commercial offences. A similar view was taken by the
English Court of Appeal in _Barrick_ [1985] 7 Cr App R (S) 142, a guideline
judgment declaring that breach of trust by professional workers was a
significant aggravating factor that should precipitate more severe penalties:
see the observations of Mirko Bagaric in _Punishment & Sentencing: a Rational
Approach_ (Cavendish Publishing Limited, 2001) at p 139, FN 49. Offences
involving listed companies could similarly come under this category.

(d)_Offences affecting public safety, public health, public services, public
or widely used facilities or public security_ : In _Dixon-Jenkins_ (1985) 14 A
Crim R 372, the applicant was convicted on counts of threatening to damage
property and threatening to injure persons. The applicant was an anti-nuclear
activist. He had committed the offences in the hope of furthering the anti-
nuclear cause through publicity that would be generated by his operations. His
threats naturally resulted in public fear and terror. The court concluded that
such a case was one where general deterrence had an overriding impact on the
resulting sentence. The court must show that such conduct, however well
intended, cannot and will not be tolerated in the community. An example of an
offence affecting public safety is that of drunk driving, which puts other
road users at a grave risk of danger. _Conduct that hinders or impedes public
or social policies must also be categorically denounced_. For example,
offences that may subvert the security and convenience of electronic commerce
need to be firmly dealt with: see [64]. In fact, all offences threatening to
undermine or impair financial systems merit consideration under another
category of offences altogether prescribing inexorably hard deterrent
sentencing (see (e) below). Such a broad head of public interest protection
can also embrace any conduct that forebodes systemic risk or peril of any
kind.

(e) _Offences affecting the delivery of financial services and/or the
integrity of the economic infrastructure_ : The present case affords a classic
and illuminating illustration of such an offence. The public interest vested
in a secure and reliable financial system that facilitates convenient
commercial transactions is extraordinary, especially in light of Singapore’s
reputation as an internationally respected financial, commercial and
investment hub. Yet another instance of such an offence surfaced in the recent
case of _PP v Payagala Waduge Malitha Kumar Fernando_ [2007] SGHC 23 (“
_Payagala_ ”), where the appellant made fraudulent purchases with a
misappropriated credit card. In imposing a deterrent sentence, I made the
following observations at [88]:

Such offences, if left unchecked, would be akin to a slow drip of a subtle but
potent poison that will inexorably and irremediably damage Singapore’s
standing both as a financial hub as well as a preferred centre of commerce.

The courts will take an uncompromising stance in meting out severe sentences
to offences in this category.

(f) _Offences involving community and/or race relations_ : Community and
racial harmony form the bedrock upon which peace and progress in Singapore are
founded. This is often taken for granted but the courts must remain constantly
vigilant in ensuring that all offences that jeopardise such a foundation be
firmly and resolutely dealt with.

25 Examples of particular _circumstances_ of an offence which may attract
general deterrence include:

(a) _Prevalence of the offence_ : In the Australian case of _Taylor_ (1985) 18
A Crim R 14, the prevalence of armed robbery in a dwelling place was a factor
which precipitated to the court’s finding that deterrence was necessary.
Locally, in _Ooi Joo Keong v PP_ [1997] 2 SLR 68, a “road bully” case, Yong CJ
was of the view that where an offence was becoming prevalent in Singapore,
such prevalence constitutes a relevant consideration in sentencing; where
there are grounds for judicial concern about the prevalence of particular
offences, the court will mete out a stiff sentence to show its disapproval and
to deter like-minded offenders (see _Sentencing Practice_ at p 73).

(b) _Group/syndicate offences_ : The fact that an offence was committed by two
or more persons may be regarded as an aggravating factor (see _Sentencing
Practice_ ([18] _supra_) at p 84). Group offences generally result in greater
harm. Another significant factor is that the victim is likely to be in greater
fear in cases where physical intimidation is exerted. Further, group pressure
to perpetuate such offences may add to their persistency, and group dynamics
necessarily imply greater harm or damage: see Professor Andrew Ashworth in
_Sentencing and Criminal Justice_ (Cambridge University Press, 2005, 4th Ed)
(“ _Sentencing and Criminal Justice_ ”) at p 157. This is amply illustrated by
the English Court of Appeal’s decision in _Caird et al._ (1970) 54 Cr App R
499, which dealt with a group of people engaging in a public riot. Sachs LJ
stated at pp 507-508 of the judgment:

The law of this country has always leant heavily against those who, to attain
[an unlawful] purpose, use the threat that lies in the power of numbers.

Over and over again it was submitted on behalf of the applicants that their
individual acts should be regarded as if they had been committed in isolation.
Attempts were made on this footing to make light of such matters as pushing a
police officer on one side, breaking a window, or throwing a lighted mole fuse
at one of the officers. In the view of this Court, it is a wholly wrong
approach to take the acts of any individual participator in isolation. _They
were not committed in isolation and, as already indicated, it is that very
fact that constitutes the gravity of the offence._

…

The court has felt bound in each case to give proper weight to the _public
interest_ and not simply to regard the welfare of the defendant as the
paramount consideration.

[emphasis added]

The same considerations were applied in _PP v Muhamad Hasik bin Sahar_ [2002]
3 SLR 149, a case involving culpable homicide committed in the midst of a gang
fight. In relation to the gang fight, Tay Yong Kwang JC (as he then was)
stated at 156:

_Our streets and public places must be kept safe by day and by night for law
abiding people_. There must be no curfew at certain localities or during
certain hours imposed by any gang. Gang fights and running street battles have
absolutely no place in a civilised society.

[emphasis added]

Group offences may also involve syndicate crimes and in all such cases
deterrence is a key sentencing concern. In imposing a deterrent sentence, Yong
CJ in _PP v Ng Tai Tee Janet & Anor_ [2001] 1 SLR 343 took into account
overwhelming evidence leading the court to infer that the crimes were the
machinations of an organised criminal syndicate. I note that in addition to
the aggravation accruing from the group element in syndicate crimes,
deterrence is also particularly relevant in such crimes because of the
premeditation, sophistication and planning that is inevitably involved: see
also the observations of Yong CJ in _Ong Tiong Poh v PP_ [1998] 2 SLR 853 (“
_Ong Tiong Poh_ ”) at 862 where the sentence was enhanced for that reason. In
the same way, premeditation features in the related group offence of criminal
conspiracy, which similarly attracts deterrent sentences. In _Moganaruban s/o
Subramaniam v PP_ [2005] 4 SLR 121 at 139, Yong CJ opined that the original
sentence was manifestly inadequate given that the appellant was involved right
from the conception of a complex and premeditated conspiracy. Reiterating that
deterrence may well be of considerable value when the crime is premeditated,
he rationalised that a harsh sentence was necessary to deter other like-minded
members of the general public, _inter alia_ , because the appellant was
clearly involved in a meticulously planned and well-orchestrated scheme.

(c) _Public disquiet_ : Certain crimes, in addition to harming their immediate
victims, also have the wider-felt impact of triggering unease and offending
the sensibilities of the general public. A deterrent sentence is therefore
necessary and appropriate to quell public disquiet and the unease engendered
by such crimes. In _Meeran bin Mydin_ ([24] _supra_), the court observed in
relation to the bribery of immigration officers at 527, [12] that:

the consequence of the corrupt scheme not only concerned gaining some ill
advantage, it also _threatened the very happy belief shared by Singaporeans
that adequate controls are in place to ensure security._

[emphasis added]

In _Mohammed Zairi_ ([24](a) _supra_), Yong CJ opined at 363, [47]:

Inmates incarcerated within prisons for long periods of time have a right to
know that they will not be abused. Similarly, _their relatives and the public
at large also need to be assured that prison officers will not abuse their
positions of trust vis-à-vis the prisoners and the public._

[emphasis added]

It is pertinent to reiterate that the offence in that case also warranted
deterrent sentencing as it involved a public institution, ie., the prisons, in
addition to constituting an abuse of authority: see [24(a)]. Maid abuse cases
could similarly be considered either under this head, or alternatively under
“abuse of authority” as delineated above under types of offences warranting
general deterrent sentences: see [24](c). Such cases will almost inevitably
merit deterrent sentencing. It is critical that a crystal clear signal be
conveyed through deterrent sentences that all such offences causing public
disquiet will be unstintingly deplored and denounced by the courts. Instances
of gratuitous violence will also fall under this broad category.

(d) _Difficulty of detection and/or apprehension_ : In _Glenister_ [1980] 2
NSWLR 597, commercial crimes were committed by a financial expert who ‘used
much cunning to have money taken and concealed, in the expectation that it
would never be discovered’; and the difficulty of detection of such commercial
crimes was regarded as a powerful factor precipitating a heavy sentence if and
when such crimes are eventually uncovered through painstaking investigation:
at p 616. In that case, the court opined that general deterrence must play a
significant part in such offences. In the unreported case of _McKechnie_
(Court of Criminal Appeal, NSW, 1 October 1987), the Court further stressed
the importance of deterrence in commercial cases, and this was, in part at
least, based upon the difficulties and costs connected with detection. In
Singapore, the obstruction of detection has been a factor relevant in
enhancing sentences (see _Ong Tiong Poh_ ((f) _supra_)). The fact that the
criminal scam went undetected for 20 months in _PP v Rohaazman bin Ali & 2
ors_ (Magistrate’s Appeal Nos 286-288/2001) was a consideration that
influenced the trial judge in sentencing. In my view, these cases compellingly
illustrate the need for deterrence in such crimes, rendering it a crucial
sentencing consideration.

(e) _Offences affecting several victims_ : The court in _PP v Yap Sin Peng_
[1986] 2 MLJ 66 construed illicit bookmaking as an organised crime where the
motive is cold calculated greed. The bookmakers had infiltrated a legitimate
sport, harassing, intimidating and blackmailing jockeys and trainers who
refused to cooperate with them. The court felt that anyone indulging in such a
large scale organised crime should be severely penalised. In _Rahj Kamal bin
Abdullah v PP_ [1998] 1 SLR 447, the appellant had practised deception on a
large scale: he had projected himself as the economic saviour of the Malay
community, persuading his victims to hand over their hard-earned money and
exploiting the ignorance and trust of his victims. He ruthlessly formed one
business entity after another to confuse the authorities. Numerous victims
were deceived, and such widespread deception mushroomed into a serious threat
to society. Deterrence once again assumed cardinal importance in the court’s
sentencing discretion.

26 _One must always bear in mind that such broadly defined areas of
misfeasance attracting general deterrence as a sentencing consideration are by
no means mutually exclusive or cumulatively exhaustive_. For example, the
present case could come under the category of offences affecting the delivery
of financial services or economic infrastructure ([24](e)); it would also
attract a generally deterrent sentence due to the circumstances surrounding
the offences involved, such as _inter alia_ their prevalence ([25](a)), the
presence of a criminal syndicate ([25](b)) and the difficulty both in
detecting such offences and in apprehending the offenders ([25](d)). This
signals in no uncertain terms that general deterrence assumes a very real
significance here. I observed in _Tan Kay Beng v PP_ [2006] 4 SLR 10 (“ _Tan
Kay Beng_ ”) at 22, [31]:

[General deterrence] is premised upon the upholding of certain statutory or
public policy concerns or alternatively, upon judicial concern or disquiet
about the prevalence of particular offences and the attendant need to prevent
such offences from becoming contagious. Deterrence, as a general sentencing
principle, is also intended to create an awareness in the public and more
particularly among potential offenders that punishment will be certain and
unrelenting for certain offences and offenders.

To that extent, the various categories as delineated and discussed, where
general deterrence figures prominently in the sentencing equation, offer but a
few illustrated examples of the principles I had earlier articulated in _Tan
Kay Beng_.

27 General deterrence is derived from the overarching concept of ‘public
interest’. In _Angliss_ ([16] _supra_), I had specified that public interest
in sentencing is tantamount to the court’s view of how public security can be
enhanced by imposing an appropriate sentence. A sentencing judge should apply
his mind to whether the sentence is necessary and justified by the public’s
interest in deterring and preventing particular criminal conduct: _Angliss_ at
[17]. This context should form the backdrop for the interpretation of my
decision in _Tan Kay Beng_. The types of offences and offenders for which
punishment will be ‘certain and unrelenting’ would therefore depend upon the
corresponding interest of the public in preventing that kind of conduct and in
restraining particular offenders. For example, given the current climate where
international and domestic terrorist security threats are more prevalent than
before, bomb hoaxers must inexorably be visited with draconian sentences (See
_PP v Mohammad Farhan bin Moh Mustafa_ (District Arrest Case No 1808 of 2004)
where the accused was sentenced to three and a half years’ imprisonment for a
bomb hoax; the Senior District Judge correctly declared at [14] that ‘it [was]
clear that the sentencing of [such] offences… must be treated seriously and
that a strong deterrent be sent to those whose idle minds might otherwise turn
to creating false alarms’). Such offences are easy to commit and difficult to
detect and could become rampant if not firmly dealt with. A clear signal must
be unequivocally sent by the sentencing court, through an appropriate
sentence, that such behaviour will be perennially viewed with grave and
unrelenting disapprobation.

28 The present case can only be described as an audacious enterprise targeting
and manipulating an ATM network through the installation of several cleverly
disguised devices at a bank’s ATM locations throughout the island. A failure
to apprehend and severely penalise such offenders will irreparably undermine
public confidence in the security of our ATM networks. The fruition of such
schemes, will not only precipitate potentially massive losses for banks and
their customers, they will also trigger soaring costs in banking transactions
as a result of the extra effort and money that has to be expended to research,
investigate and implement enhanced security measures. Therefore, the present
case in addition to so starkly exemplifying numerous areas of misfeasance
warranting general deterrence (see [26] _supra_), also assumes the guise of an
electronic commerce offence that should be categorically denounced and
severely penalised so as to deter similar would be offenders. The slightest
risk of compromising the integrity of financial institutions must be viewed in
the context of Singapore’s reputation as a stalwart and reliable international
financial centre. As such, public interest would surely prescribe an out and
out clampdown on such conduct and the unequivocal censure of such offences.
The fact that this is the first case of its kind to come before the courts,
that such offenders are notoriously difficult to apprehend, compounded by the
abhorrent prospect that _foreigners_ might be tempted to target and enter
Singapore for the _sole purpose_ of carrying out such illegal enterprises,
calls for nothing less than a resoundingly severe deterrent sentence.

29 It is necessary to emphasise that one precondition to ensure successful
general deterrence resides in the public acknowledgement of the severity of
punishment. A potential offender must _realise_ that the sanction for a
particular offence is severe before deterrence can set in: _cf_ Andrew von
Hirsch et al, 1999 ([19] _supra_) at p 7. Therefore, it is also in the
interests of the public that the media seize upon and highlight deterrent
sentences, adequately publicising these cases so as to facilitate the court’s
aim of general deterrence. Padfield & Walker, 1996 ([22] _supra_) at p 100,
quite rightly note that the sentencer should seriously consider whether he is
sentencing an offender with criminal acquaintances who will take note of any
leniency (or severity) of the sentence. Some offenders belong to social
networks where news of their sentences travels with clockwork precision
through the grapevine. In the present case, the criminal syndicate to which
the respondent belonged would have a vested interest in the sentence meted out
to the respondent. As both the syndicate, as well as the respondent’s
immediate accomplices who are still at large, are likely to get wind of the
consequences that befall their ‘fallen’ member, the sentence will in all
likelihood exert some deterrent effect.

**_Deterrence tempered with proportionality/retributive justice_**

30 It is pertinent to highlight at this juncture that whilst local case law
adopts a strongly deterrent sentencing philosophy, such an approach is
nevertheless circumscribed by the idea of proportionality. In _Tan Kay Beng_ ,
I stated at 22, [31]:

Deterrence must always be _tempered by proportionality_ in relation to the
severity of the offence committed as well as by the moral and legal
culpability of the offender. [emphasis added]

In a similar vein, Yong CJ in _Xia Qin Lai v PP_ [1999] 4 SLR 343 at 356, [29]
stated:

… the principle of deterrence (especially general deterrence) dictated that
the length of the custodial sentence awarded had to be a not insubstantial
one, in order to drive home the message to other like-minded persons that such
offences will not be tolerated, _but not so much as to be unjust in the
circumstances of the case_.

[emphasis added]

31 Therefore, a punitive sanction imposed in the name of deterrence should not
contravene the principles of proportionality or retributive justice as
discussed below.

**_Retribution_**

32 The essence of the retributive principle is that the offender must pay for
what he has done. The idea is that punishment restores the just order of
society which has been disrupted by his crime. It follows that the punishment
must reflect and befit the seriousness of the crime: _Tan Fook Sum_ ([18]
_supra_) at 532, [16].

33 According to Professor Andrew von Hirsh in his article “ _Deservedness and
Dangerousness in Sentencing Policy_ ” (1986) Crim L R 79-91 at 85, the
seriousness of crime is a double-pronged fork: the first prong relates to the
degree of harmfulness of the conduct, while the second focuses on the extent
of the actor’s culpability when committing the conduct. This concept of
seriousness of crime is particularly significant in the present case. The
damage caused here is decidedly widespread and multi-faceted: the prevalence
of such offences will irreparably undermine public confidence in the security
of ATM networks and compromise the integrity of the affected financial
institution, tainting its reputation for security and secrecy. It will also
translate to increased costs and efforts necessary to implement improved
security measures. One only appreciates the full extent and impact of the harm
in this case when it is viewed and measured in the context of Singapore’s
milieu as a secure and efficient financial and commercial hub. With regards to
the second “prong” of seriousness, the respondent’s culpability was by all
accounts substantial. His participation in the scheme was hardly peripheral.
His involvement with a criminal syndicate, his central role in the criminal
scheme, the premeditation and planning that preceded the operation all
constitute relevant factors exacerbating his culpability. The crime in the
present case is very grave indeed and applying the theory of retributive
justice, the punishment must reflect and befit this gravity.

34 To summarise, while a highly punitive sanction is necessary in this case
for the purposes of specific and general deterrence, it should also within
reasonable limits be commensurate with the severity of the offence, both in
terms of the harm caused and the culpability of the offender.

The CMA

35 I now pause to assess the policy considerations underpinning the prevention
of certain CMA offences. The CMA was first enacted in order to deal
specifically with computer crimes and to adequately deter computer criminals.
In the Second Reading of the Computer Misuse Bill on 29 May 1993, the then
Minister for Home Affairs, Professor S Jayakumar noted at col 300:

Presently, computer or computer-assisted crimes reported to the Police are
dealt with under our general existing laws, eg, as cases of mischief, theft,
cheating, criminal breach of trust under the Penal Code. But it is difficult
to proceed under these general laws because of the special nature of computer
technology. Furthermore, _the existing penalties under the general laws do not
always sufficiently deter computer criminals_ …

[emphasis added]

36 The subsequent proliferation of computer-related crimes led to a review of
and further amendments to the CMA in 1998. The ministerial concerns
articulated during Parliamentary debates relating to these amendments are
especially pertinent. In particular, during the Second Reading of the Computer
Misuse (Amendment) Bill on 30 June 1998 (“ _Computer Misuse (Amendment) Bill_
”), the Minister for Home Affairs, Mr Wong Kan Seng explained at col 392:

The increasing use of computers for various purposes in Singapore would mean
that this rising trend in computer crimes would continue. It is therefore
necessary and timely to update the Computer Misuse Act (CMA) to deal with an
increasingly complex environment.

In addition, crimes committed through the electronic medium and through use of
computers are difficult to detect but they are just as serious as traditional
crimes and we must equally protect our population against such crimes. _To
ensure that Singapore remains an attractive place for investors and businesses
to operate effectively and securely, computer crimes must be treated as
seriously as other criminal offences_.

[emphasis added]

The amendments therefore advocate, _inter alia_ , stronger deterrence for
offences under the CMA, and aim to enhance the deterrent effect of the
penalties for computer crimes. Further, the penalties prescribed by the
amendments were also intended to be proportionate to the damage caused: see
col 392 of the C _omputer Misuse (Amendment) Bill_.

37 Mr Wong Kan Seng then concluded, at col 400 of the _Computer Misuse
(Amendment) Bill_ :

[T]his Bill is _intended to send a strong signal that computer crimes will be
treated and dealt with seriously in Singapore_. As Singapore positions itself
to be an intelligent island and a global centre for E-commerce, the
legislative framework must keep pace with the developments to ensure the
integrity of our computer systems against would-be cyber criminals and
hackers. _With the Bill, banks, commercial institutions, foreign investors and
businesses can rest assured that Singapore would be a good and safe place
where E-commerce can flourish._ Singaporeans can also rest assured that the
law provides adequate coverage for the safe operation of essential computer
systems in Singapore.

[emphases added]

38 It is amply evident that Parliament intended that offences prosecuted under
the CMA be treated seriously, and that deterrence functions as a necessary
sentencing consideration in all such offences in order to protect the
integrity of our computer systems and the security of financial and commercial
institutions, foreign investors and locals alike.

39 ATM frauds could certainly be encompassed under the Penal Code, either as
aggravated cheating pursuant to s 420 or as constituting possession of forged
instruments with intent to use them as genuine articles pursuant to s 474.
However, the deliberate prosecution of such offences under the CMA in lieu of
the Penal Code signals to the court that it should consider whether to treat
the offences even more seriously than if the prosecution had opted to invoke
the provisions of the Penal Code. This is borne out by the policy
considerations behind the CMA. Further, both ss 420 and 474 of the Penal Code
involve maximum imprisonment terms of seven years; in contrast, s 4 read with
s 10 of the CMA prescribes a maximum imprisonment term of ten years. Invoking
the latter undoubtedly denotes that a more serious offence has been committed,
implying in turn that an enhanced sentence might be in order.

Relevant sentencing considerations for ATM fraud cases

40 I addressed and articulated the relevant sentencing considerations for
_credit card_ fraud offences in my decision in _Payagala_ ([24](e) _supra_).
The same considerations should be applied by the sentencing judge in cases
concerning ATM card frauds. Both credit card and ATM card frauds undermine the
reliability and security of an established and vital medium of financial
transaction. Combating both necessitates the expenditure of huge amounts of
time, money and effort by financial institutions and the authorities. Both
types of offences, if left unchecked, could irretrievably damage Singapore’s
standing as a secure financial and commercial centre; to that extent, nothing
short of uncompromisingly harsh deterrent sentencing is warranted.

41 The relevant sentencing considerations to be assessed in the sentencing of
credit card cheating offences _and_ ATM card frauds should be similar. They
include (see _Payagala_ at [73]):

(a) extent of planning and premeditation;

(b) degree of sophistication of offence and measures taken to avoid detection;

(c) role of the accused;

(d) number of offences and quantum involved;

(e) extent of actual loss and damage (both tangible and intangible) to victims
and connected parties;

(f) international dimension; and

(g) remorse shown.

42 I should highlight that a particularly important and relevant consideration
in the present case is the ‘international dimension’ involved. The respondent
had been part of a _foreign_ _syndicate_ which had systematically targeted
financial institutions _in Singapore_ to carry out its criminal activities.
The audacity and daring of such a cross-border criminal scheme must be
unequivocally deplored and denounced. There is a resounding and pressing need
to take a firm stand against each and every cross-border crime, not least
because the prospect of apprehending such foreign criminals presents an uphill
and, in some cases, near impossible task.

The present appeal

43 I now turn to the appeal proper with the relevant sentencing principles in
mind.

**_Charges under the CMA_**

44 The prosecution averted to the case of _PP v Lim Boon Hong_ (unreported,
Magistrate’s Appeal No 26 of 2000) (“ _Lim Boon Hong_ ”) as a relevant
sentencing precedent in its submissions. The accused in that case pleaded
guilty to five charges under s 4 read with s 7 (now s 10) of the CMA, of
abetting two others to use a laptop computer and magnetic stripe card reader
at a petrol station to secure access without authority to data stored on the
magnetic stripes of credit cards, with the intention that the data so accessed
would then be used to cheat the credit card centre. The offender’s role was to
furnish the information so obtained by his accomplices to a counterfeit credit
card syndicate for a fee. Counterfeit cards were then produced and were used
by the syndicate to make purchases amounting to S$141,525.57; 33 similar
charges were taken into consideration. On the prosecution’s appeal, the High
Court doubled the sentences from 15 months’ imprisonment to 30 months’
imprisonment per charge. Two of the sentences were ordered to run
consecutively.

45 _Lim Boon Hong_ is by and large similar to the present case. ATM card
frauds and credit card frauds are both equally insidious, and similar
sentencing considerations should apply with equal cogency to both: see [40]
above. I am therefore of the view that an appropriate starting point of the
sentencing tariffs for the CMA offences should be in the range of 24 to 48
months’ imprisonment for each charge. Mitigating and aggravating factors
should then be factored in to discount or increase the sentence accordingly.

46 The present case has a number of aggravating features, especially when
compared with _Lim Boon Hong_. First, the role assumed by the respondent is a
particularly relevant consideration: see [41](c) above. The respondent played
a vital part both in the manufacture of the counterfeit ATM cards and within
the criminal syndicate. The accused in _Lim Boon Hong_ , in contrast, much
like the accused in _Navaseelan_ ([10](e) _supra_), had played a more
peripheral part in the entire operation. While the accused in _Lim Boon Hong_
was merely the conveyor of data captured by the devices, the respondent in the
present case was instrumental in capturing the data itself, conveying the data
back to the syndicate in West Malaysia, as well as stealing the money from
ATMs using the manufactured counterfeit ATM cards. Secondly, the respondent
here faced 70 other CMA charges and 24 other Penal Code theft charges, all of
which were to be taken into consideration in sentencing. Such a substantial
number of charges should be factored into the sentence imposed, since the
number of offences constitutes a salient sentencing consideration: see [40](d)
above.

47 Other aggravating factors include: the extent of the planning and
premeditation involved in the present case; the sophistication of the offences
as evidenced by the advanced skimming devices utilised; the damage caused –
both tangible (no restitution was made to DBS on account of its losses) and
intangible (the undermining of public confidence in the integrity of the
financial institutions, _inter alia_) as well as the inescapably international
dimension of the offences: see [41](a), (b), (e) and (f) above.

48 The sentence of 20 months’ imprisonment for each CMA charge imposed by the
trial judge is therefore manifestly inadequate, particularly when calibrated
against the 30 months’ imprisonment term imposed in _Lim Boon Hong_ and the
benchmark sentencing range of 24 to 48 months’ imprisonment. Bearing in mind
the numerous aggravating factors in the present case as well as the public
interest concerns engendered by such offences, a term of 42 months’
imprisonment for each CMA charge would better reflect and serve the twin goals
of deterrence and retribution; it is also an appropriately commensurate
sentence both in relation to the severity of the offence as well as the
culpability of the offender.

**_Charges for theft under the Penal Code_**

49 Section 379 of the Penal Code covers a wide range of situations, ranging
from the theft of small items committed on the spur of the moment, to highly
organised, large scale thefts. Significant sentencing considerations under s
379 would include the value of the stolen items, _the nature and circumstances
of the theft_ , the age of the offender, the prevalence of the offence and the
offender’s criminal record: see _Sentencing Practice_ at p 340. It is
pertinent to note that the theft offences in the present case are part and
parcel of the syndicate operation of counterfeit ATM cards and as such, these
very vital circumstances forming the backdrop and surrounding the commission
of the theft should constitute a relevant factor in sentencing. Further, where
the theft is in fact part of an organised team activity and is meticulously
planned as it was in the instant scenario, the offence assumes an enhanced
gravity and should attract a higher custodial sentence.

50 The sentence imposed for the theft charges in _Navaseelan_ ([10](e)
_supra_) affords a relevant _guideline_ or _starting point_ when contemplating
the rather similar charges in the present case, as both cases concern the
illegal withdrawal of money from ATMs using counterfeit ATM cards. In
_Navaseelan_ , although the total value of all the thefts was $54,380
(admittedly far more than the $18,590 involved in the present case), the
amount stolen in the _proceeded charges_ only came to $3,700. In the present
case, the amount stolen in the proceeded charges came up to $8,000, twice as
much as that in _Navaseelan_. This was overlooked by the trial judge. Further
the _nature_ of the offences viewed in their entirety is more serious in the
present case than in _Navaseelan_. Taking these factors into account, the six-
month imprisonment term imposed for each theft charge in _Navaseelan_ should
be enhanced accordingly in the present case. I have determined that a term of
15 months’ imprisonment for each theft charge is more appropriate and hardly
disproportionate in light of the factual matrix surrounding the thefts.

The one-transaction rule and the totality principle analysed

51 It must be stated at the outset that the applicability of both the one-
transaction rule and the totality principle in Singapore is qualified by the
operation of s 18 of the Criminal Procedure Code (Cap 68, 1985 Rev Ed)
(“CPC”), in cases where an accused is convicted and sentenced to imprisonment
for more than two distinct offences. The section provides:

18 Where at one trial a person is convicted and sentenced to imprisonment for
at least 3 distinct offences, the court before which he is convicted shall
order that the sentences for at least two of those offences shall run
consecutively.

In the present case, the respondent has been convicted and sentenced to
imprisonment for six distinct offences and s 18 of the CPC requires that at
least two of these sentences are ordered to run consecutively. Having
established that, we may proceed with an analysis of the two principles.

**_The one-transaction rule_**

52 The one-transaction rule requires that where two or more offences are
committed in the course of a single transaction, all sentences in respect of
those offences should be concurrent rather than consecutive: _Maideen Pillai v
PP_ [1996] 1 SLR 161; _Kanagasuntharam v PP_ [1992] 1 SLR 81 (“
_Kanagasuntharam_ ”). Professor Andrew Ashworth in _Sentencing and Criminal
Justice_ ([24](f) _supra_) at p 245 interpreted the _raison d’être_ for the
‘single transaction’ principle in terms of proximity in time _and_ proximity
in type of offence. Such an interpretation was also adopted by Dr DA Thomas in
_Principles of Sentencing_ (London: Heinemann, 1979, 2nd Ed) (“ _Principles of
Sentencing_ ”), who opined at p 54:

The concept of ‘single transaction’ may be held to cover a sequence of
offences involving a repetition of _the same behaviour_ towards the _same
victim_ … provided the offences are committed _within a relatively short space
of time_.

[emphases added]

53 Applying these principles to the present case, even if the offences
committed at different ATMs in Singapore may be regarded as having been
perpetrated against the _same victim_ , ie., the DBS-POSB group, the offences
were nevertheless not committed _within a relatively short space of time_.
From the statement of facts, it can be ascertained that the card skimming
executed by the respondent and his accomplices took place between 22 May 2006
and 29 June 2006 at three different ATM machines and at different points in
time. Further, at different junctures between 24 May 2006 and 1 July 2006,
cloned ATM cards were used at various ATMs in Singapore to illegally withdraw
cash. The requisite “proximity in time” element is to that extent absent and
the offences cannot be construed as a ‘single transaction’.

54 In the High Court decision of _Navaseelan Balasingam v PP_ [2006] SGHC 228
(the appeal from _Navaseelan_ ([10](e) _supra_)), Tay Yong Kwang J discussed
the one-transaction rule in relation to ATM card frauds. He stated that while
consecutive withdrawals made at the _same_ ATM _on one occasion_ may be
regarded as one transaction for the purpose of sentencing, it was quite
impossible to view the multiple offences in that case as one transaction as
they were committed at _different ATMs_ in various parts of the island. Tay J
was therefore of the view that the consecutive sentences imposed in that case
were justified and that the one-transaction rule did not apply. By the same
token, the one-transaction rule cannot be invoked in the present case.

55 It is also appropriate to reiterate that the one-transaction rule should
not be construed as a hard and fast rule rigidly applied across the board. In
this context, in _Kanagasuntharam_ ([52] _supra_), Yong CJ observed at 83,
[6]:

_The general rule, however, is not an absolute rule_. The English courts have
recognized that there are situations where consecutive sentences are necessary
to discourage the type of criminal conduct being punished: see _R v Faulkner,
R v Wheatley_ and _R v Skinner_. _The applicability of the exception is said
to depend on the facts of the case and the circumstances of the offence_. It
is stated in broad and general terms and although it may be criticized as
vague, it is necessarily in such terms _in order that the sentencer may impose
an appropriate sentence in each particular case upon each particular offender
at the particular time the case is heard._

[emphases added]

Further, in recognising that the one-transaction rule is not carved in stone
and should be applied sensibly, the Court of Appeal in _V Murugesan v PP_
[2006] 1 SLR 388 (“ _V Murugesan_ ”) also referred to the case of _R v
Kastercum_ (1972) 56 Cr App R 298, where the English Court of Appeal had
considered the principles for determining whether sentences for convictions of
a substantive offence and of assault on a police officer should run
concurrently or consecutively. The English Court of Appeal had rationalised
the one-transaction rule, at pp 299-300, in the following terms:

[W]here several offences are tried together and arise out of the same
transaction, it is a good working rule that the sentences imposed for those
offences should be made concurrent. The reason for that is because if a man is
charged with several serious offences arising out of the same situation and
consecutive sentences are imposed, the total very often proves to be much too
great for the incident in question. _That is only an ordinary working rule…_

[emphasis added]

(see _V Murugesan_ at 398, [34])

56 Indeed, in _Sentencing and Criminal Justice_ ([25](b) _supra_), Professor
Ashworth has also perceptively remarked that one stumbling block in
constructing a workable definition of a ‘single transaction’ for the one-
transaction rule is that ‘it seems to be little more than a pragmatic device
for limiting overall sentences rather than a reflection of a sharp category
distinction’: see p 244. Therefore, where consecutive sentences are in keeping
with the gravity of the offences, courts should not impose concurrent
sentences simply because they feel fettered by the presumed operation of the
one-transaction rule. I am persuaded in any event that even if the offences in
the present case might conceivably be perceived as part of a single
transaction, consecutive sentences are nonetheless not only more appropriate
here, they are in fact dictated by the gravity of the offences involved.

**_The totality principle_**

57 Dr DA Thomas explains the totality principle in _Principles of Sentencing_
([52] _supra_) as follows:

… the principle has two limbs. A cumulative sentence may offend the totality
principle if the aggregate sentence is substantially above the normal level of
sentences for the most serious of the individual offences involved, or if its
effect is to impose on the offender ‘a crushing sentence’ not in keeping with
his records and prospects.

This definition was adopted by the Court of Criminal Appeal in
_Kanagasuntharam_ ([51] _supra_).

58 Admittedly, the cumulative sentence of 12 years’ imprisonment I have
prescribed exceeds the maximum sentence tier for the most serious of the
individual offences involved (s 4 read with s 10 of the CMA) in the present
case. Be that as it may, a sentence merely two years in excess of the ten-year
upper limit for a s 10 CMA charge cannot be considered excessive. More
importantly, it must be borne in mind that such a definition of the totality
principle should not be rigidly and blindly applied to _all_ cases. Rather, it
must be invoked sensibly. The totality principle guides the court in
sentencing an offender guilty of more than one offence, ensuring that the
total sentence remains proportionate to the gravity of the context. There is a
suggestion in _V_  _Murugesan_ ([55] _supra_) that the aggregate sentence can
be measured against the maximum sentence for the most serious of the offences
the accused has been convicted of, _unless_ the offender is a persistent
offender or alternatively, if the maximum sentence seems _too short to reflect
the gravity of the appellant’s total conduct_. Professor Tan Yock Lin in
_Criminal Procedure_ (Butterworths, 2006) at XVIII [4101.1] has correctly
observed:

In the present view, while the totality principle is a salutary reminder to
ensure proportionality in a global sense, especially with respect to
overlapping offences, there will be cases where the commission of multiple
last offences, viewed in the light of the offender’s antecedents, _suggests
strongly a persistent offender who should in the public interest be
specifically deterred from a life of crime by a heavier sentence_.

[emphasis added]

59 Indeed, when _Navaseelan’s_ appeal (_supra_ at [54]) was heard, Tay J was
of the view that the district judge erred when he appeared unduly constrained
by the totality principle and unduly attentive to the maximum sentence
provided for the “most serious offence” (which would be ten years’
imprisonment but for which the district judge could only sentence up to seven
years because of s 11(3) of the CPC): at [27]. As a consequence the district
judge settled on an aggregate sentence of five and a half years’ imprisonment
in assessing the permutation of consecutive sentences. Tay J opined that this
aggregate sentence imposed by the district judge did not reflect the severity
of the offences in question and was indeed manifestly inadequate in the
circumstances. He therefore enhanced the sentence by altering the permutation
of the consecutive sentences, ordering that _all_ the sentences for the CMA
charges were to run consecutively. This resulted in a total sentence of eight
and a half years’ imprisonment (including the sentence for the theft charges).

60 It is axiomatic that the totality principle, not dissimilarly from its one-
transaction counterpart, functions not as an inflexible rule, but rather as a
helpful guideline to remind the court that the correlation of the sentence to
the gravity of the offender’s conduct and offences is of critical importance.
In short, sentences must be restrained by the principle of proportionality. In
the present case, the serious damage inflicted on the integrity and reputation
of a financial institution, the scale of the syndicated operation, the
premeditation and sophistication of the offences and, not least, the audacious
bravado that inspired the commission of the offences coalesce to radically
exacerbate the gravity of the offences. Having accorded due consideration to
the totality principle, I am of the view that a cumulative imprisonment term
of 12 years’ imprisonment adequately betokens and befits the gravity of the
offences.

Conclusion

61 I reiterate that this is the _first_ case in Singapore encompassing the
_entire_ gamut of ATM crime, starting with ATM card skimming and the transfer
of ‘stolen’ data onto cloned ATM cards and culminating in the use of cloned
cards to withdraw money from accounts. The respondent played a critical role
in a sophisticated criminal plot _that was conceived and master-minded in
another jurisdiction to specifically target and harm a financial institution
in Singapore_. Had he not been promptly apprehended, one can only imagine the
colossal loss that could potentially have been incurred by a significant
number of other POSB account holders and/or the DBS-POSB group. The prevalence
of such offences will only spell doom for the future of ATM operations,
portending soaring costs and substantial inconvenience for all involved in
daily financial transactions that so many of us take for granted; financial
institutions will inevitably succumb to the vulnerability of electronic fraud
and be forced to employ considerable resources in order to remain vigilant and
safeguard themselves against the threat of imminent innovative and fraudulent
schemes. In short, such crimes if left unchecked, will strip ATMs of the
safety, security and convenience that they have heretofore promised. Only the
spectre of a severe penalty can serve as a proper panacea to counter any
attempt by any individual or member of a syndicate seeking to systematically
compromise our ATM network and the integrity of our financial institutions.
Such an offender must appreciate that any sentence meted out, while it is
commensurate with the gravity of the offence and the actual culpability
involved, will nevertheless be significantly enhanced by the paramount
sentencing consideration of general deterrence.

62 This is decidedly not a case involving an isolated indiscretion or a
momentary lapse of judgment. The offences in question could not have been
perpetrated without substantial and meticulous planning and organisation.
Indeed, the offences _systematically_ targeted and ventured to compromise the
integrity of a bank’s platform for payments and cash withdrawals. The 94
charges taken into account in this matter are a compelling, and indeed
irrefutable testament to the respondent’s pivotal role in a sophisticated
syndicate that schemed to conscientiously and unrelentingly perpetrate fraud
on a massive scale in Singapore. I am persuaded that the sentences meted out
by the trial judge were manifestly inadequate and do not waver in acceding to
the prosecution’s appeal.

63 In the result, I have ordered:

(a) 42 months’ imprisonment for each of the two CMA charges (District Arrest
Case Nos 32568/06 and 32570/06);

(b) 15 months’ imprisonment for each of the four theft charges (District
Arrest Case Nos 32575/06, 32577/06, 32579/06 and 32585/06); and

(c) that all sentences run consecutively.

64 It would be appropriate to underscore that the courts will dispense
similarly harsh sentences to all individuals or syndicates who presume to
engage in criminal conduct that may undermine public confidence in the use of
the internet or any other technology employed to settle or process financial
transactions. This being the age of electronic commerce, the courts have a
duty to police and protect all such mediums of settlement by signalling in no
uncertain terms that any attempt to compromise the security and convenience of
such transactions will be ruthlessly countered. A recent issue of _The_
_Economist_ (17-23 February 2007 at p 14) has aptly focussed attention on the
rapidly increasing importance of electronic payments as a substitute for cash
payments:

… [C]ash, after millennia as one of mankind’s most versatile and enduring
technologies, looks set over the next 15 years or so finally to melt away into
an electronic stream of ones and zeros. If an era is represented by its money,
the information age is at hand.

…

Information-money can be handled by any information processing device. That
includes the mobile phone, which can add to money’s utility thanks to its
display and its power at any time to link to your bank as a mobile ATM. Visa
thinks a contactless digital transaction takes less than half the time of a
cash one and that people liberated from what happens to be in their wallets
spend a fifth more.

Which is why digital cash is now solving its chicken-and-egg problem. In the
past shopkeepers would not install systems unless shoppers had electronic
cash. And shoppers would not use electronic cash unless they had something to
buy. But smart cards and readers have become cheap and consumers now possess
mobile phones in droves. The trillions of payments that are too small to bear
the fees of paying by credit card have come within reach and almost everyone
stands to gain.

It is incumbent on our courts to facilitate this ground breaking transition so
as to herald a new paradigm which promises to be not merely the epitome of
ease and convenience but also of security.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 07 Mar 2007 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

