Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Asia Pacific Wire & Cable Corp Ltd and Others v Chik Kai-Ming Aaron and
Another  
[2007] SGHC 102

Case Number | : | Suit 438/2005  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 27 June 2007  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Lee Seiu Kin J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Quentin Loh, SC Simon Goh Keng Yeow, Tan Lee Meng and Baldev Singh Bhinder (Rajah & Tann) for the plaintiffs; Quek Mong Hua, Gan Theng Chong and Alma Yong (Lee & Lee) for the defendants   
Parties | : |  Asia Pacific Wire & Cable Corp Ltd; Sigma Cable Company (Pte) Ltd; Crown Century Holdings Ltd — Chik Kai-Ming Aaron; Han Chung Yuan alias Hang Chung Yuan   
  
27 June 2007  |   
---|---  
  
Lee Seiu Kin J:

1 At the start of the trial on 18 October 2006, the applicable pleading was
the amended statement of claim filed on 3 May 2006. In that amended statement
of claim, the first plaintiff had withdrawn its claim against both defendants.
The second plaintiff’s claim was against both defendants for sums of money
that it claimed were wrongfully paid to them as director’s bonus, director’s
pension, remuneration and expenses. The third plaintiff’s claim was against
both defendants for sums of money allegedly wrongfully paid to them as
director’s bonus, consultation fees and consultation bonus.

2 The defendants closed their cases on 30 October 2006. On 28 November 2006
the plaintiffs filed a second amended statement of claim in which their claims
against the defendants were reduced to the following:

(a) Second plaintiff against second defendant:

(i) US$101,557 being payments for director’s bonus in excess of the second
defendant’s entitlement under the written contract of employment;

(ii) US$342,989.05 being pension payments paid in excess of contractual
entitlement; and

(iii) US$718,060.49 being reimbursement for expenses which were unauthorised.

(b) Third plaintiff against first and second defendants:

US$126,905.56 being director’s bonus paid to the first defendant and the
second defendant without authority of the general meeting of shareholders.

3 The first defendant counterclaimed against the first plaintiff for the
following:

(i) Unpaid directors’ fees from the first plaintiff from 27 March 2003 to 24
September 2004 amounting to US$6,653.30; and

(ii) Salaries, bonuses and expenses for the period January to March 2005
amounting to S$46,471.23.

4 The second defendant counterclaimed against the first plaintiff for unpaid
salaries and bonuses from 2003 to 2005 amounting to US$96,508.17.

5 Counsel made oral submissions before me on 12 February 2007 and on 2 March
2007, I made the following orders:

(a) The second plaintiff’s claims against the second defendant:

(i) for US$101,557 is dismissed;

(ii) for US$342,989.05 is dismissed; and

(iii) for US$718,060.49 is allowed only to the extent of US$842.69 and the
claim for the remaining US$717,217.80 is dismissed.

(b) The third plaintiff’s claims against the first and second defendants for
the sum of US$126,905.56 are dismissed.

(c) The first defendant’s counterclaims against the first plaintiff are
allowed and there shall be judgment for the sums of:

(i) US$6,653.30; and

(ii) S$46,471.23.

(d) The second defendant’s counterclaim against the first plaintiff in the sum
of US$96,508.17 is allowed.

(e) The Mareva Injunction against the second defendant is discharged.

(f) The second and third plaintiffs are to pay costs to the first and second
defendants in respect of their claims in this action, and the first plaintiff
is to pay the first and second defendants their costs in respect of the
counterclaims.

6 On 30 March 2007, the second plaintiff appealed against my orders dismissing
its claims against the second defendant in the following:

(a) US$101,557 being payments for director’s bonus in excess of the second
defendant’s entitlement under the written contract of employment;

(b) US$342,989.05 being pension payments paid in excess of contractual
entitlement; and

(c) US$717,217.80 being reimbursement for expenses which were unauthorised.

The second plaintiff also appealed against the order for costs against it in
relation to those claims against the second defendant.

7 There has been no appeal filed by the third plaintiff. Both plaintiffs also
did not appeal against the orders made in the counterclaims. These grounds of
decision will therefore concern only the orders that are the subject of the
appeal.

Parties

8 The first plaintiff is a public company incorporated in Bermuda in 1996. It
is engaged in the manufacture and distribution of telecommunication and power
cable and enamelled wire products in Asia-Pacific through its various
subsidiaries. As at 31 December 2003, the first plaintiff was 75.4% owned by
Pacific Electric & Wire Company (“PEWC”), a public company listed in Taiwan.

9 The second plaintiff was incorporated in Singapore in 1964 and the first
plaintiff owns 98.3% of its shares. The second plaintiff is in the business of
manufacturing and distributing wire and cable products in Singapore for the
domestic market.

10 The third plaintiff was incorporated in Hong Kong in 1995 and is a wholly-
owned subsidiary of the first plaintiff. It is in the business of trading of
enamelled wire for electronic, video and audio products manufactured by its
wholly-owned subsidiary, Pacific Electronic Wire & Cable (Shenzhen) Co Ltd
(“PEWC Shenzhen”).

11 The first defendant was employed by the first plaintiff as its Deputy Chief
Financial Officer in January 2000 and promoted to Chief Financial Officer
(“CFO”) in March 2002. He was also the company secretary of the first
plaintiff from 23 March 2001. He was appointed a director of the third
plaintiff on 22 March 2002, of the first plaintiff on 27 March 2003 and of the
second plaintiff on 8 December 2003. The first defendant resigned as director
of the first plaintiff on 24 September 2004 and stepped down as its CFO on 1
November 2004. At the time of the trial the first defendant was the General
Manager of Bleau Investment Pte Ltd, a subsidiary of PEWC.

12 The second defendant began his career in Taiwan with the founders of the
PEWC Group (“the Group”). He was sent to Singapore in the late seventies, and
appointed as acting general manager of the second plaintiff in 1980, and was
confirmed as general manager in 1982. The second defendant was appointed a
director of the second plaintiff on 15 July 1988. At the same time he was
appointed Chief Operating Officer (“COO”) of the first plaintiff, which
appointment was deemed to have commenced on 1 January 1997. The second
defendant was appointed a director of the first plaintiff in September 1996
and of the third plaintiff on 22 March 2002. The second defendant resigned as
director of the first plaintiff on 24 September 2004 and of the second
plaintiff and the third plaintiff on 11 January 2005. At the time of the trial
the second defendant was a senior executive vice president of PEWC.

Evidence

13 The plaintiffs called five witnesses of fact and two expert witnesses on
Hong Kong and British Virgin Islands law. Their primary witness of fact was
Wellan Sham, the CFO of the first plaintiff (appointed on 1 November 2004) and
concurrently CFO and director of the second plaintiff, as well as a director
of the third plaintiff.

**_Sham’s evidence on background_**

14 Sham gave evidence of the background to the plaintiffs’ group of companies,
which is headed by PEWC of Taiwan. This evidence was not really disputed by
the defendants although they challenged its relevance. Essentially there was a
large corporate scandal in Taiwan which arose from allegations of financial
and corporate fraud on the part of senior officers of PEWC. This resulted in
the delisting of PEWC from the Taiwan Stock Exchange in April 2004. Six
directors of PEWC were indicted on criminal charges in December 2004,
including Jack Sun who was the chairman of the first plaintiff and the second
plaintiff during the material time. The Investors’ Protection Bureau in Taiwan
also commenced proceedings against other directors, including David Sun, who
was a brother of Jack Sun and a witness in the present suit.

15 Due to these developments, PEWC sought financing from Asset Managers Co Ltd
(“AM”) and this led to AM acquiring 72.84% of the first plaintiff in September
2004. Under this arrangement, PEWC had an option to buy back 52.84% of the
shares within three years (this buyback option was exercised by PEWC in
September 2005). The share purchase agreement provided for AM to appoint up to
three directors to the first plaintiff and each of its subsidiaries. These
directors would have veto rights and power to supervise the financial
operations of the Group. Prior to completion of the share purchase, AM
commissioned Kingston CPA Ltd to carry out pre-acquisition financial due
diligence on some of the companies in the Group. This included the second
plaintiff and the third plaintiff. The Kingston report identified a number of
deficiencies including weak corporate governance culture and weak financial
control. Notwithstanding this, the share purchase went ahead. After the
acquisition, Sham was appointed the CFO and a director of the first plaintiff
and the second plaintiff. However Sham encountered difficulties with various
officers of the first plaintiff and the second plaintiff, notably the first
defendant. He claimed that he was blocked from accessing the financial records
of the second plaintiff under the guise of problems with viruses in the
computer system. Although he complained about this to David Sun, who was the
CEO of the first plaintiff at the time, David Sun refused to do anything. It
was only after he approached another director, Tony Yuan, about this that he
managed to gain access. Sham rounded up a team to conduct an internal
investigation and discovered numerous financial irregularities within the
Group. The report, called the CFO Report, was exhibited with his affidavit
evidence-in-chief. The report was presented and discussed at a board meeting
of the first plaintiff on 31 December 2004. The meeting resolved to suspend
the first defendant and the second defendant from all their offices and duties
in the Group. Sham was instructed to arrange for further investigations to be
conducted. He appointed Ulyos Maa of the auditing firm KPMG to conduct further
investigations into the financial irregularities mentioned in the CFO Report.
This was completed around March 2005 (“the KPMG Report”). The KPMG report
alleged that the first defendant and the second defendant had received
unauthorised payments from the first plaintiff, the second plaintiff and a
number of other companies in the Group. In April 2005, Sham instructed M/s
Simmons & Simmons (“SS”), the first plaintiff’s solicitors in HK, to further
investigate and verify the conclusion in the KPMG report. On 11 April 2005, SS
confirmed that certain past and current officers of the first plaintiff and
some of its subsidiaries, including the defendants in this suit, had received
unauthorised or improper payments during the relevant period. This led to the
present proceedings against the defendants.

The second plaintiff’s claims against the second defendant

**_(i) US$101,557 director’s bonus_**

16 The second plaintiff’s case is that the employment contract between the
second plaintiff and the second defendant, dated 3 March 2004, did not provide
for any remuneration beyond what is provided in clause 4 of that document,
_viz_ :

(a) US$5,000 per month as COO of the first plaintiff and US$10,000 per month
as general manager of the second plaintiff;

(b) One month year-end bonus; and

(c) Performance bonus of US$100,000 if pre-tax profits for the year of the
first plaintiff equals or exceeds forecast or target.

17 From 2001 to 2004 payments were made by the second plaintiff as director’s
bonus in excess of those provisions in clause 4, which amounted to US$101,557.
The second plaintiff’s position is that although these payments had been
approved by the board of directors of the second plaintiff each year by way of
resolution, since these were payments of director’s remuneration, Art 78 of
the Articles of Association required this to be approved by the general
meeting of shareholders, which was not done. Therefore the payments were
invalid and the second defendant is liable to refund the second plaintiff for
this sum.

18 The problem faced by the second plaintiff is that on the face of this
employment contract, the parties are the first plaintiff and the second
defendant. The second plaintiff is not expressed to be a party. The only
mention of the second plaintiff is in clause 4.1 which states that with effect
from 1 January 2003, the first plaintiff shall pay to the second defendant an
overall monthly salary of US$15,000 which comprises US$10,000 as general
manager of the second plaintiff and US$5,000 as COO of the first plaintiff.
The provisions on the one month year-end bonus and performance bonus is linked
only to the first plaintiff and there is no mention therein of the second
plaintiff. In any event the contract states what the second defendant is
entitled to receive; it does not prohibit any payment in excess of this.

19 The only question is whether the board resolutions are effective without
the approval of the general meeting of shareholders. I am satisfied from the
evidence that this sum was paid to the second defendant in his capacity as
general manager of the second plaintiff and not as director’s remuneration.
Although it is stated in the board resolutions as “Director’s remuneration”,
in the context of the entire resolution, in particular, the persons who were
paid under this part and a subsequent provision in each of the resolutions for
“Directors’ Fee” which were put to the general meeting for approval, it is
clear that the payments were made to the second defendant as employee’s
remuneration, which is within the power of the board to approve.

20 Therefore the second plaintiff’s claim against the second defendant for
refund of bonus payments amounting to US$101,557 fails.

**_(ii) US$342,989.05 pension_**

21 The second plaintiff’s case is that the second defendant had caused or
procured or dishonestly assisted the second plaintiff to incur payment of
US$342,989.05 to him in breach of trust of his fiduciary duties as director of
the second plaintiff. There is also an allegation of a conspiracy with the
first defendant to do this. However from the evidence I am satisfied that this
was the result of an initiative on the part of the then managing director,
Jack Sun. He put up a memorandum on 1 March 2002 directing the human
resources/accounts department to effect payment of pension, on the occasion of
the second defendant attaining the retirement age of 62, in accordance with
the retirement rules of PEWC. The second defendant gave evidence that Jack Sun
was fully aware of the matter of his pension and he believed that the latter
had wanted to reward him for the contributions he had made to the second
plaintiff. The board of directors of the second plaintiff approved this
payment by way of resolution dated 28 February 2002. There was no evidence to
contradict this.

22 Therefore the second plaintiff’s claim against the second defendant for
refund of the pension payment amounting to US$342,989.05 fails.

**_(iii) US$718,060.49 expense reimbursements_**

23 There are two components to this claim:

(a) Reimbursement for income tax; and

(b) Reimbursements for expenses incurred on behalf of the second plaintiff.

24 On income tax reimbursement, the second defendant had given evidence of an
oral agreement with Jack Sun that the second plaintiff would pay his income
tax. The second defendant had been reimbursed by the second plaintiff for
income tax payments since 1988 and these payments had been reflected in the
monthly management accounts sent to Jack Sun. Jack Sun was not called as a
witness by the second plaintiff to contradict this. The evidence before me
therefore is that the reimbursements for income tax were authorised.

25 On the expenses incurred by the second defendant on behalf of the second
plaintiff, the second defendant had given evidence that Jack Sun had agreed
that he could incur up to 1% of sales revenue for sales and entertainment
expenses. This had been the practice since 1988. Again Jack Sun did not give
evidence. Although some of the items were rather bizarre in nature, given the
background of the company and its clientele, I cannot say, in the absence of
evidence to the contrary, that those expenses were unauthorised or were not
for the benefit of the second plaintiff. In the circumstances of this case it
would, in my view, be necessary for such evidence to be given by somebody
having charge of the affairs of the company at the material time. At the very
least, if the second plaintiff had wanted the court to make an inference from
the nature of some of those purchases, evidence ought to be given by a person
familiar with the business. Based on the evidence before me the second
plaintiff had not proven its case that the second defendant was not entitled
to such reimbursements with the exception of the following items that the
second defendant had admitted were not valid claims:

(a) A book entitled “Sex Guide of Fam” costing HKD98 for which the second
defendant was reimbursed the sum of $22.47;

(b) Airfare for maid from Singapore to Taipei in November 2001 costing $441;
and

(c) Expenses in Japan (female underwear and nightwear) totalling JPY25,640 for
which the second defendant was reimbursed the sum of $379.22.

26 Therefore, apart from the sum of $842.69, the second plaintiff had not
proven its case against the second defendant in respect of this part of the
reimbursements claim. I accordingly gave judgment for the second plaintiff
against the second defendant for the sum of $842.69.

27 On the question of costs, the plaintiffs have succeeded in recovering only
the sum of $842.69 against their claims which, at the start of the trial,
totalled in excess of US$1.3 million. Both defendants had also succeeded in
their counterclaims against the first plaintiff. In the circumstances, I
awarded costs to the defendants in both the claims and counterclaims.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 27 Jun 2007 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

