Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Dante Yap Go v Bank Austria Creditanstalt AG  
[2007] SGHC 69

Case Number | : | Suit 424/2003, SUM 1923/2007  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 09 May 2007  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Paul Tan AR   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Eddee Ng and See Chern Yang (Tan Kok Quan) for the applicant; Tan Xeauwei and Sarala Subramaniam (Allen and Gledhill) for the respondent   
Parties | : |  Dante Yap Go — Bank Austria Creditanstalt AG   
  
9 May 2007  |  Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Assistant Registrar Mr Paul Tan:

1 Cumbersome at first glance, the rules of civil procedure are an intricate
and elegant construction regulating the still adversarial process of civil
litigation in the common law world, and certainly, in Singapore. Like steps in
a staircase, each rule follows from the previous and simultaneously forms the
foundation of the next. Without an appreciation of how each provision in the
Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2006 Rev Ed) (“the Rules”) relates to another as
well as to the entire architecture of civil procedure, there will be confusion
of principle and inconsistency in application. The present application, being
one concerning the discovery of certain documents, serves as a pertinent
illustration.

**Background to SUM 1923/2007**

2 The applicant in SUM 1923/2007, who is also the plaintiff in the substantive
action, Suit No. 424 of 2003, opened an account in the Singapore branch of
what was then known as Creditanstalt-Bankerverin, the successor-in-title of
which is the respondent in this application and the defendant in the main
action. This account, referred to as No. 88128 in the Statement of Claim (“the
SOC”), was opened _vide_ an Account Opening and Custodian Agreement (“the
AOCA”) dated 3 June 1997. In this AOCA contained clauses defining what
constituted a valid instruction that the respondent should carry out. The
purpose of this account was to facilitate the provision of private and
investment banking services to the applicant. Pursuant to this purpose, a
second related document dated 3 June 1997 was entered into by the parties.
This was the Discretionary Investment Management Agreement (“the DIMA”), which
appointed the respondent as the applicant’s investment manager in respect of
Account No. 88128. A third document, the Investment Authority Instruction
(“the IAI”), also dated 3 June 1997, purported to restrict the discretionary
mandate granted by the DIMA to the extent that any purchase or sale of
investments must be authorised and that such authorisation was to be given in
writing to, _inter alia_ , one Winnifred Ching, whom I gather was a
relationship manager.

3 In addition to express terms, of which the ones salient to the present
application are highlighted above, the SOC also alleged terms that may be
implied to the AOCA and the DIMA, which formed the basis of the parties’
contractual relationship. On this basis, the applicant alleged that the
respondent would exercise reasonable care, skill and diligence in advising the
applicant on his investment portfolio and in carrying out the transactions
made on the applicant’s instructions.

4 The present application concerned an investment on 25 September 1997 in
Rossiyskiy Kredit 10.25% Interest Notes (“the Notes”) by the respondent on
behalf of the applicant purportedly in violation of any one of the express or
implied terms set out above. In so far as the investment breached an express
term that any investment required the applicant’s authorisation, it was
pleaded at paras 22 and 23 of the SOC that the applicant’s standing
instruction at the material time was to purchase on his behalf only US$
denominated securities of “AAA” credit rating or similar. If true, the Notes
did not fall within such an instruction. I also understood the pleading in
para 25 of the SOC, with its reference in particular to the IAI, as alleging
that the investment was made without the proper authorisation because any
instruction to invest in the Notes was not made in writing and therefore
invalid. To the extent that the investment breached implied terms, the
applicant’s case was that the respondent was negligent in investing in the
Notes and not thereafter disposing of the same at an appropriate time: see,
para 34 of the SOC. In support of this allegation, the following particulars
were set out (at para 34(o) to (aa)):

(o) Failing to take into consideration the poor performance of the Russian
economy at the material time;

(p) Failing to investigate and/or properly investigate the financial viability
and/or solvency of [the Notes];

(q) Failing to monitor and/or properly monitor the sale price of [the Notes];

(r) Failing to consider the risks involved in the purchase of [the Notes];

(s) Investing in [the Notes] issued by Rossiyskiy Kredit which was a non-
credit worthy company at the material time;

(t) Investing in [the Notes] when the same carried a poor and/or non-existent
investment rating at the material time;

(u) Engaging in imprudent risk-taking on the [applicant’s] behalf;

(v) Failing to sell [the Notes] despite the clear downturn in the Russian
economy at the material time;

(w) Continuing to hold [the Notes] despite the clear downturn in the Russian
economy at the material time;

(x) Failing to cut investment losses in [the Notes] despite the clear downturn
in the Russian economy at the material time;

(y) Failing to advise or negligently advising the [applicant] on the
suitability of [the Notes] as investments as prudent private bankers should in
accordance with the implied terms averred;

(z) Failing to advise the [applicant] to dispose of the investments in [the
Notes] or negligently advising the [applicant] not to dispose of the said
investments in the light of the circumstances averred in paragraphs 34(p) to
34(z) herein; and

(aa) Failing to use reasonable skill and care in making the investment in [the
Notes].

5 In addition, the applicant pleaded that the advice rendered to the applicant
that the Notes were a safe investment and that he should not dispose of them
was negligent. In support, the applicant referred to paras 34(p) to (s) of the
SOC (set out above) and that the applicant had failed to take into account the
impact of the decline in the Russian economy at the material time.

6 The respondent’s answer to whether authorisation was given to purchase the
Notes was that the applicant had authorised Ms Cheng, on the telephone, the
investment in the Notes: see para 22(k) of the Defence. Having done so, the
respondent could not thereafter dispose of the Notes unless authorised by the
applicant: see para 29 of the Defence. The respondent also bluntly denied the
applicant’s further allegations of breaches of implied contractual obligations
in relation to the investment itself and the advice given on the investment,
and put the applicant to strict proof thereof: see paras 30 and 31 of the
Defence.

**The Discovery Application**

7 By way of SUM 1923 of 2007, the applicant sought discovery of the following:

(a) Documents evidencing the total number of the Notes owned by the respondent
from July 1997 to 25 September 1997;

(b) Documents evidencing the date on which the respondent bought the Notes and
the price at which it bought the Notes; and

(c) Documents evidencing the date on which the respondent sold the Notes and
the price at which it sold the Notes.

8 The central basis for the application was that the documents requested
establish or will lead to other documents establishing that the respondent
desired to “get rid of [the Notes] at the material time and did so by
onselling the same to [the applicant]”: see para 9 of the affidavit dated 3
May 2007 filed in support of SUM 1923/2006 (“the Supporting Affidavit”).
Specifically, it was averred that:

(a) Knowing the number of shares held by the respondent at the time the
applicant opened their account will show if and to what extent the respondent
would be motivated to sell its own investments in the Notes (see para 10 of
the Supporting Affidavit); and

(b) Knowing the date on and price at which the Notes were bought by the
respondent and sold would show if and to what extent the latter was trying to
palm off a bad investment on its part to the applicant (see para 11 of the
Supporting Affidavit).

9 It was, in turn, submitted by the applicant’s counsel, Mr Eddee Ng, that
evidence of the respondent’s ulterior motives in investing in the Notes on the
applicant’s behalf was relevant to whether:

(a) the Notes were invested in accordance with the necessary authorisation by
the applicant; and/or

(b) the respondent had been negligent in its advice in relation the soundness
of the investment; and/or

(c) the respondent had been negligent in investing in these Notes on behalf of
the applicant.

10 It was also contended by Mr Ng that, in the alternative, the documents
sought to be discovered would at least be indirectly relevant in that it would
lead to a train of inquiry, permitted under O 24 r 5(3)(_c_) of the Rules.

11 Objecting to the application, counsel for the respondent, Ms Tan Xeauwei,
submitted that the documents sought to be discovered were not relevant to the
applicant’s substantive claims, as they were currently pleaded. Moreover, it
was argued that even under O 24 r 5(3)(_c_), a train of inquiry must itself
lead to the discovery of directly relevant documents. This, Ms Tan stressed,
was not the case.

**A preliminary issue**

12 I should first address a threshold issue that Ms Tan raised in submission.
Her argument was that the application should not be allowed because the
applicants were, at bottom, merely discovering documents for the purpose of
discrediting the respondent’s witnesses. If _Thorpe v Chief Constable of
Greater Manchester Police_ [1989] 1 WLR 665 (“ _Thorpe_ ”) is correct, Ms Tan
argued that it should follow that this application should not be allowed from
the outset.

13 In _Thorpe_ , the applicant for discovery wanted documents relating to
_previous_ criminal convictions or adjudications of guilt in disciplinary
proceedings against the police witnesses who had arrested him. The English
Court of Appeal found that the true purpose in seeking the documents in
question was to tarnish the witnesses’ credibility. It was in this context
that, at 669, Dillon LJ remarked that:

[A] court should not order discovery, or interrogatories which are a form of
discovery, on matters which would go solely to cross-examination as to credit.
I think that Walton J. was right, in _George Ballantine & Son Ltd v F.E.R.
Dixon & Son Ltd_ [1974] 1 WLR 1125 to deduce that limitation from the judgment
of A.L. Smith L.J. in particular in _Kennedy v Dodson_ [1985] 1 Ch 334,
although the actual decision in George Ballantine & Son Ltd. v. F.E.R. Dixon &
Son Ltd. is better put on the different ground that the discovery sought was
in itself oppressive. It would indeed be an impossible situation in my view if
discovery had to be given of every document, not relevant to the actual issues
in the action, which might open up a line of inquiry for cross-examination of
the litigant _solely_ as to credit.

[emphasis added]

Echoing similar sentiments, Neill LJ in the same case explained the rationale
for the principle, as follows (at 673):

The reason for this limitation on discovery is plain. Discovery in an action
would become gravely oppressive and time-consuming if there were an obligation
on a party to disclose any document which might provide material for cross-
examination as to his credit-worthiness as a witness. The present practice is
a salutary one which helps to keep discovery within reasonable and sensible
bounds.

14 This reasoning persuaded the Court of Appeal in _Tan Chin Seng & Ors v
Raffles Town Club Pte Ltd_ [2002] 3 SLR 345 (“ _Tan Chin Seng_ ”) at [19],
352, which adopted the principle articulated in _Thorpe_.

15 But there was a difference that rendered _Thorpe_ inapplicable to the facts
of this application. Here, the documents sought were not solely – if at all –
for the purpose of discrediting or impugning the character of the respondent’s
witnesses. Rather, if as the applicant said they did, the documents establish
material circumstances that bear on its pleaded causes of action. In any
event, I was not satisfied that the _only_ purpose of the applicant in seeking
discovery was to obtain evidence to impugn the character or credibility of the
respondent’s witnesses. Accordingly, the application was not so easily
dismissed and I must turn my attention to the assessment of the discovery
application proper.

**Principles governing discovery**

16 Discovery is one of the most powerful ploughshares – and swords – at the
disposal of litigants. When not abused, the process is absolutely essential to
a litigant’s preparation for trial. Discovery allows litigants to gain access
to evidence that is material to their case or the case of the opposing side
that the latter may be in the possession, care or custody of. Ensuring that
parties are allowed discovery, when justified, must be a fundamental tenet of
prosessural justice and fairness. Even from a systemic point of view,
discovery is also vital to the efficient running of the litigation process –
for once a party realises that particular issues are unsupportable by the
evidence, he may drop them, amend his pleadings accordingly and narrow the
scope of the trial. He may even attempt to reach a settlement of the matter
with the opposing party. Yet, discovery applications continue to be a source
of bitter distraction and needless acrimony precisely because the boundaries
of discovery remain somewhat flexible. Therefore, parties, whether
intentionally or not, will invariably seek discovery on matters that are
ultimately proven to be wholly irrelevant or unnecessary. When cases are
complex, the documents sought to be discovered may be extremely extensive and
may therefore cause undue oppression to the party that has to produce these
documents. To that extent it is not unusual to find a party facing a discovery
application vigorously opposing it.

17 In order to keep the good in and the bad out, the discovery regime erects
two principal barriers that must be satisfied before discovery is ordered.
First, the documents must be relevant; and second, even if relevance is
proven, discovery must be necessary either for disposing fairly of the cause
or matter or for saving costs. I now turn to elaborate these principles.

**_What is relevant for discovery_**

_Direct relevance_

18 Discovery under the Rules is managed at two different stages. General
discovery is governed by O 24 r 1, while an order for specific discovery is
made under O 24 r 5. Under both regimes, which mirror each other, two
definitions of _direct_ relevance are inherent in the Rules, which describes
relevant documents as:

(a) documents on which the party relies or will rely; and/or

(b) documents which could adversely affect one’s case, another party’s case or
support another party’s case.

19 The present application concerned only the second of these definitions of
direct relevance since there was no allegation by the applicant that the
respondent intended to rely on the documents sought to be discovered (see,
further, Jeffrey Pinsler ed, _Singapore Court Practice_ (Singapore: Lexis
Nexis, 2006) at para 24/1/14). Much effort was therefore spent on refining
what the Rules mean by a document that could adversely affect one’s case,
another party’s case or support another party’s case.

20 In my view, the Rules demand that there must be a demonstrable nexus
between the documents sought to be discovered to the _pleaded_ cases of the
relevant parties to the main action; and I find resonance for this proposition
in principle, history, case law and policy.

21 As a matter of principle, it should be obvious that, as alluded to earlier,
there is an inextricable link between discovery and the trial, which is the
sharp point at which all interlocutory processes converge. As such, what is a
directly relevant document for the purpose of discovery must be a directly
relevant document for trial, and _vice versa_. In turn, what is a directly
relevant document for trial depends on what has been pleaded by the parties to
that trial. Pleadings are, after all, the architectural blueprint based on
which the entire litigation paradigm is constructed. This uncontroversial
point was made by GP Selvam JC (as he then was), where in _Multi-Pak Singapore
Pte Ltd (in receivership) v Intraco Ltd and Others_ [1992] 2 SLR 793 (“
_Intraco_ ”), he observed that (at [22], 799):

By O 18 r 7 a party is required to set out in his pleading all material facts
on which he relies for his claim or defence. Order 18 r 15(1) provides that a
statement of claim must state specifically the relief or remedy which the
plaintiffs claim. The object of these rules is two-fold:

(a) to ensure that the plaintiffs have a legally sustainable claim and thereby
eliminate frivolous and baseless actions; and

(b) to inform the opponent in advance of the case he has to meet when the case
comes on for trial so that justice can be done to both sides expeditiously and
smoothly. It is a requirement of essential justice that an opponent is given
adequate opportunity to prepare and present his view of the cause.

22 It must follow that a failure to plead may result in (see, _Intraco_ at
[24], 800):

(a) An application by the opponent to strike out the pleading on the ground
that it discloses no reasonable cause of action or defence; and/or

(b) _The party in default being precluded from presenting a case, leading
evidence or cross-examining the opponents’ witnesses on the point omitted
from_ the pleadings; and/or

(c) A court not making a finding or giving a decision based on facts not
pleaded and a finding or decision so made will be set aside.

23 This connection between pleadings, discovery of evidence and the trial is
also reinforced by the historical development of discovery. Briefly, discovery
originated as a principle of equity in the ecclesiastical courts and the Court
of Chancery in England. It was only until the 19th Century that the common law
courts would be given statutory power to compel discovery. What is pertinent
is that in the Court of Chancery, discovery was part of the pleadings. The
plaintiff’s bill would comprise a stating part, a charging part and an
interrogating part. It was in the charging part that a plaintiff would set out
the evidence, including extracts from relevant documents. A defendant desiring
to obtain discovery against the plaintiff had to file a cross bill. While in
modern litigation, these various processes are split up due to the growing
enormity of cases, and thus the infeasibility of giving discovery simultaneous
with one’s pleadings, that does not detract from the fact that these seemingly
disparate regimes are part of one indivisible whole.

24 Case law also supports the proposition that there must be shown a
relationship between the pleadings and the documents sought to be discovered.
This was explicitly accepted in the Court of Appeal decision in _Tan Chin
Seng_ at [19], 352:

When an allegation is not pleaded, seeking discovery of a document to back up
such an allegation constitutes fishing: _Marks & Spencer plc v Granada TV_
(unreported, 8 April 1997).

More recently, in _UMCI Ltd v Tokio Marine & Fire Insurance Co (Singapore) Pte
Ltd and Others_ [2006] 4 SLR 95, at [71], Sundaresh Menon JC interpreted – and
correctly, in my view – _Tan Chin Seng_ as standing for this central premise:

[T]he case affirms the importance of considering the relevance of documents
sought in discovery _by reference to the pleaded issues_. Where discovery is
sought in relation to an issue not raised in the pleadings, then it may well
constitute a fishing exercise.

[emphasis added]

25 Reference may also be made to the leading decision in _Wright Norman and
Another v Oversea-Chinese Banking Corp Ltd and Another Appeal_ [1992] 2 SLR
710. Although much of the decision in that case was in relation to
interrogatories, the same principles apply to discovery. In that case, the
Court of Appeal, at [15], 718 approved the reasoning of Chao Hick Tin JC (as
he then was) that discoverable documents must bear a relationship to the
pleaded particulars and causes of action:

As I have pointed out above, the [applicants] have not set out any specific
particulars of negligence. If they had particularized specific instances of
negligence, then interrogatories could be raised on those specific particulars
of negligence. Without particulars, they cannot interrogate.

26 The need for definition of the issues in the substantive action between the
parties is also why the courts are often reluctant, although they have the
discretion to do so, to order discovery prior the commencement of any action
and any pleadings: see, _R.H.M. Foods Ltd and Another v Bovril Ltd_ [1982] 1
WLR 661 at 665.

27 Finally, as a matter of policy, there is much to commend in requiring a
party seeking discovery to relate that discovery to the pleaded issues. This
prevents endless foraging of evidence that may not at all be pertinent to the
trial and which may eventually be disallowed from being heard (see [21(b)]
above). While a cynic may suggest that all this will do is to encourage wide-
ranging and excessive pleadings, that is not likely to be the case given that
the courts may order costs thrown away if the pleadings are amended because
they are found to be baseless. It may order wasted costs against the solicitor
personally if he is found to have engaged in such vexatious conduct. Pleadings
can also be struck out and the appropriate costs ordered. Such a litigant may
also lose his entitlement to costs even if he wins at trial. This again is
another illustration of the interconnectedness of the various provisions in
the Rules.

28 On the basis of the reasons above, parties seeking discovery must
demonstrate a nexus between the pleaded causes of action and the documents
they want discovered. In fact, under O 24 r 6, which governs discovery against
a non-party, a supporting affidavit must be filed describing:

[T]he documents in respect of which the order is sought _and show, if
practicable by reference to any pleading served or intended to be served in
the proceedings, that the documents are relevant to an issue arising or likely
to arise out of the claim made or likely to be made in the proceedings_ or the
identity of the likely parties to the proceedings, or both…

[emphasis]

_A fortiori_ , when discovery is sought against another party to the action,
and where pleadings have defined the ambit of the contest, the relevance of a
discovery should be determined by reference to the pleadings.

_Indirect relevance_

29 So much for direct relevance. Under O 24 r 5(3)(_c_), a document which may
lead the party seeking discovery of it to a train of inquiry resulting in his
obtaining information which may adversely affect or support the cases of the
parties is permissible. In that sense, _indirectly_ relevant documents may be
discovered. This is our modern variation of the holding in the _locus
classicus_ that is _Compagnie Financiere Et Commerciale Du Pacifique v
Peruvian Guano_ (1882) 11 QBD 55 at 62-63:

A document can properly be said to contain information which may enable the
party [requiring discovery] to advance his case or to damage the case of his
adversary, if it is a document which may fairly lead him to a train of
inquiry, _which may have either of these two consequences_ …

[emphasis added]

30 The italicised phrase is critical. A party seeking discovery on the basis
of O 24 r 5(3)(_c_) cannot hope to get an order in his favour _unless_ the
train of inquiry will itself lead to the discovery of _directly_ relevant
documents, as defined in the preceding paragraphs. This much is clear from
_Tan Chin Seng_ at [35], 355-256, albeit in slightly different terminology:

While the principle on ‘train of inquiry’ is incorporated in r 5, _it is
nevertheless necessary for the applicant party to show in what way the
requested document may lead to a relevant document_. For example, in _Jones v
Richards_ (1885) 15 QBD 439 the court allowed interrogation of the defendant
as to whether or not he was the writer of a letter (which was not in issue) in
order to prove that he was the writer of a libellious letter which was the
subject of the proceedings. _The plaintiffs here did not attempt to show any
such linkage other than stating baldly that there could be a train of
inquiry_. It was clear that the plaintiffs just wanted the specified documents
(as ordered by the assistant registrar), and not that the discovery of those
documents (which we ruled to be irrelevant) might lead to relevant documents.
That was not their position. In modern litigation, discovery must be kept
under proper control.

[emphasis added]

31 Once again, there must be still be shown a connection between what is
discovered and the ultimate end-point, which is the pleadings that in turn
control what are pertinent to the trial. The reasons for this are similar to
those articulated above in relation to the definition of direct relevance.

**_Discovery must be necessary either for disposing fairly of the cause or
matter or for saving costs_**

32 Not much controversy arose in respect of this principle in the present
application, for reasons that will become obvious. As such, it is sufficient
to highlight a decision of Belinda Ang Saw Ean J in which she neatly
encapsulated the underlying concerns expressed by this principle (see,
_Bayerische Hypo-und Vereinsbank AG v Asia Pacific Breweries (Singapore) Pte
Ltd_ [2004] 4 SLR 39 (“ _Bayerische_ ”) at [37] and [38]):

The ultimate test is whether discovery is necessary for disposing fairly of
the proceedings or for saving costs. An assertion that the documents are
relevant will not be good enough. Equally, an assertion that the documents are
necessary because they are relevant will not be enough. Obviously, if a
document is not relevant, it cannot be necessary for disposing of the cause or
matter. On the other hand, documents may be relevant to a case without being
necessary to it. The word used in O 24 r 7 is “necessary” and not “desirable”
or “relevant”. It is the common experience of lawyers and the court that often
many documents are produced because they are relevant, but only very few of
them are of use.

The court is, by O 24 r 7, concerned with the discretion to refuse disclosure
of a document unless the necessity for disclosure is clearly demonstrated. In
a way, it calls for an exercise in considering and selecting documents or some
parts of them. The wider the range of documents requested the more difficult
it is for the court to decide whether the documents are necessary for
“disposing fairly” of the matter or cause before proceedings are commenced or
for “saving costs”.

**Assessment of the application**

33 As stated above, this application was brought on two foot-holds: the first
was that the documents sought to be discovered would be directly relevant; and
second that even if not, they would set off a train of inquiry. I should
preface my discussion with the observation that there was a certain amount of
conflation between these two arguments in the applicant’s submission and I
will return to this after assessing the merits of the application on the two
bases of relevance separately.

**_Whether documents sought to be discovered directly relevant_**

34 It will be recalled that the pivot of the applicant’s submission before me
was that the documents were directly relevant in that they could or would
establish that the respondent had an ulterior motive in investing in the Notes
on the applicant’s behalf. When I asked Mr Ng whether the allegation that the
respondent was acting with this motive in mind appeared in the pleadings of
the parties, he candidly conceded (and quite correctly) that it did not.

35 In so far as the claim that the investment was unauthorised was concerned,
the allegation was pleaded on the basis that (a) the standing instruction was
to invest only in US$ denominated securities of AAA credit rating or similar;
and (b) that any instruction to invest in the Notes was not in writing and
therefore invalid. No reference was made to any ulterior motive. As for the
allegation that the investment was negligent, the applicant’s pleaded case
referred to paragraphs 34(o) to (aa) of the SOC but, as can clearly be seen
from [4] above, none of them related to any ulterior motive on the part of the
respondent.

36 In fact, as I understood the applicant’s position in the main action, it
had alleged that notwithstanding the alleged absence of authorisation, or
negligence in investing in the Notes, the applicant continued to hold the
Notes on the advice of Ms Cheng: see para 36 of the SOC. Therefore, it
appeared that the real crux of the applicant’s pleaded case was whether _this_
advice was negligent. In this regard, reference was made to the particulars in
para 34(p) to (s); and as indicated above, these did not show that ulterior
motive was a material fact supporting the cause of action pleaded.

37 The issue of ulterior motive – if indeed as relevant and important to the
applicant’s case as it asserted it was – ought to have been pleaded with some
specificity. To suggest that the respondent deliberately sold the Notes to the
applicant knowing that it was a bad investment is akin to alleging fraud,
which must be pleaded: see O 18 r 8(1) of the Rules. At the very least, the
failure to plead such an allegation would take a reasonable defendant by
surprise, contrary to O 18 r 8(1)(_b_). This was especially so when the
applicant’s pleaded case rested on a breach of express and implied contractual
terms _simpliciter_. After all, contractual breaches are strict in liability
and proof of an intention to breach is unnecessary. Moreover, the particulars
supporting the pleaded causes of action (as detailed above at [4] and [5]) did
not in any way, shape or form hint that a material supporting fact was that of
the respondent’s intention, bad faith or fraud in investing in these Notes for
the applicant. Indeed, even were it not necessary to plead the allegation of
ulterior motive, it was patent that nothing in the parties’ cases to date
would suggest that the respondent’s motive would be an important issue for
trial. This was why it was readily acknowledged by Mr Ng that even if we took
a broader compass, the respondent’s ulterior motive had not even been raised
in any of the Affidavits-in-Chief that have been filed to date. If the
evidence of the applicant’s own witnesses did not allege any ulterior motive
on the part of the respondent, on what basis can this court order discovery
relating it?

38 In spite of the hurdle presented by the absence of pleadings in relation to
the respondent’s ulterior, Mr Ng nonetheless urged that the issue of motive
was relevant in a broader, more contextual way: if it could be shown that the
respondent was attempting to dump bad investments on the applicant, this might
be a platform on which the trial judge might infer that the respondent had an
incentive to dump bad investments without authority and negligently. This, of
course, did not address the objection that this position was not pleaded. To
say that something is relevant is to beg the question: relevant to what? As
held above, discovery must be relevant to the parties’ cases _as pleaded_.
Nevertheless, taking the applicant’s submission as it was, it was still far
from obvious that the documents sought would have the effect that the
applicant contended they did.

39 First, the relevance of motive to whether the respondent obtained the
requisite authorisation was really a non-starter. Even if the documents did
demonstrate that the respondent harboured nefarious intentions when it
invested in the Notes for the applicant, does this prove that the investment
in the Notes was not authorised? In my judgment, it does not. It is only
logical that even if the respondent thought it was palming off what it thought
was a bad investment, the applicant may still have authorised it. After all,
it was the applicant’s own pleaded case that it was never made known to the
applicant that the Notes were a bad investment. Here, it is apposite to refer
to _Tan Chin Seng_ again, and in particular, to [20], 352 to [22], 353 of the
grounds of decision. There, the plaintiffs were suing for breach of
representations and/or contract; and discovery of certain classes of documents
was sought on the basis that they would establish whether these
representations were true at the time they were made such that the defendants
could never have intended to fulfil the representations. The Court of Appeal
emphatically disallowed discovery here, even though one might have thought
that an intention not fulfil a contract at the outset might conceivably be a
basis on which to infer that a breach had occurred subsequently. In my view,
it must be obvious why the decision is correct. If discovery could be allowed
of every “background fact”, it would lead to endless and oppressive discovery.

40 An analogy may be drawn to the common practice not to allow discovery of a
party’s conduct on previous but similar situations if it would merely show
that that party would have been _inclined_ to act in a certain way at the
material time: see, among others, _Thorpe_ at 670 (per Dillon LJ) and 674 (per
Neill LJ). This is not to suggest that background or circumstantial
information can never be discovered; only that they need to be directly
relevant to the matters in issue. For instance, when the documents sought
would pass muster under the exclusionary rules of similar fact evidence, such
documents may be discovered: _Board v Thomas Hedley & Co_ [1951] 1 All ER 431.
Similarly, in _Tan Chin Seng_ itself, the Court of Appeal held as follows (at
[25], 353):

Another argument put forward by the plaintiffs was that the documents… formed
the factual matrix, or surrounding circumstances, which the court could take
into account in construing the representations. But evidence as to the factual
background must be restricted to the circumstances ‘known to the parties at or
before the date of the contract’: see _Prenn v Simmonds_ [1971] 3 All ER 237;
[1971] 1 WLR 1381. The documents requested were not known to the plaintiffs
before, or at the time, they applied to become members of the club.

Clearly, had the background information been directly relevant to the
resolution of the legal and factual matrix in play, discovery of the said
documents would have been ordered. But this is not the situation presented in
this application. Similar to _Tan Chin Seng_ , the evidence that the applicant
sought to lead did not bear on the ultimate issues to be determined at trial.

41 Secondly, the direct relevance of motive to the issue of negligent
investment and/or advice was also tenuous at best. Establishing that the
respondent had an ulterior motive in on-selling a bad investment to the
applicant would show that there was deliberation and intent. Intentionally bad
investments or advice is a very different kettle of fish from negligent
investments or advice. In fact, not only is proof of intention _irrelevant_ to
a claim in negligence, it is _inconsistent_.

42 One final point on direct relevance should be mentioned. Mr Ng submitted
that there was very little direct evidence on the pleaded issues, and in
particular _vis-à-vis_ the applicant’s claim that authorisation had not been
given for the investment. This was because the Defence had purported that
authorisation was given orally. This meant that it became all the more vital
to discover background information from which inferences as to the pleaded
issues could be drawn. There is a logical difficulty in this submission, which
is that the amount of evidence that a party has been able to muster has
absolutely no bearing on the relevance of further evidence that is sought. Put
another way, if the further evidence sought is irrelevant, it must be so
regardless whether the seeking party has a strong or weak case to begin with.
In the circumstances, the assertion that the main action or the issues therein
boil down to a word-against-word contest does not affect the relevance of the
documents that the applicant wants discovered.

**_Whether documents sought to be discovered indirectly relevant_**

43 Mr Ng however pressed his application further: even if these documents
sought were not directly relevant, they would be indirectly relevant in that
they might lead to a train of inquiry. But this train that the applicant wants
this court to order the respondent to board will still stop one station shy of
where the applicant needs to go. Mr Ng did not seek to suggest that the train
will soon depart from Station Ulterior Motive and that it is making its way on
a different track to Station Unauthorised Transaction or Station Negligent
Investment or even Station Negligent Advice. On the contrary, it was implied
(though perhaps not in so many words) that the documents sought to be
discovered will lead to yet _more_ documents relating to the respondent’s
_motives_. As it is clear from the analysis above ([29] to [31]), the courts
will not order discovery on the basis that it will provoke a train of inquiry
if the train’s ultimate destination is not directly relevant to the pleaded
cases. Given my conclusion as to the irrelevance of motive to any pleaded
issues in the main action, it was my judgment that the respondent must not be
taken on this ride.

44 It was brought to my attention that there had been a somewhat similar
application in respect of SUM 3788/2006 by the same applicant in the same suit
seeking discovery of a confirmation ticket evidencing who held legal title to
the Notes prior to its investment on the applicant’s behalf (“the Ticket”).
According to Mr Ng, the same arguments in relation to the relevance of motive
was put before Assistant Registrar Kenneth Yap, which were accepted and
affirmed on appeal to Lee Sieu Kin J. Therefore, Mr Ng urged that
notwithstanding that I was not bound by the decision in SUM 3788/2006, I
should follow its reasoning.

45 I need not express any decided opinion as to the merits of the decision in
SUM 3788/2006 because even if I accepted Mr Ng’s interpretation of it, the
applicant is still a long way from home. Instead, the decision _reinforced_ my
judgment that the present discovery application should not be allowed. Before
AR Yap, Mr Ng submitted that discovery of the Ticket should be given on the
basis that it would lead to a train of inquiry that would adversely affect the
respondent’s case: see page 2 of the certified transcript. Mr Ng also argued
at page 4 of the certified transcript that the Ticket would become “a basis
for cross-examination as to motive, which becomes a relevant issue. The train
of inquiry does not need to result in further discovery proceedings.” Somewhat
ironically, the present application was brought largely on the basis of the
Ticket, _ie_ , having determined that the brokerage arm of the respondent was
the legal owner of the Notes at the material time, the applicant was seeking
_further_ discovery to investigate the motives of the respondent in investing
in the Notes for the applicant.

46 Given the argument raised and accepted in SUM 3788/2006, which was that
_the Ticket_ would provoke a train of inquiry, two questions arose. The first
was whether the Ticket, having now been discovered, assisted the applicant?
And secondly, if it did not, should it be the basis on which yet further and
presumably better discovery was ordered? As to the first question, the Ticket
clearly did not materially affect the parties’ cases since there would be no
need for any more discovery if that were the case. Furthermore, the fact that
the brokerage arm of the respondent was the legal owner of the Notes prior to
the investment did not materially prove or disprove any party’s case. As I
understood Ms Tan on this point, the brokerage arm of the respondent would –
of course – have had to be the legal owner of the Notes since they could not
otherwise have sold or invested or transferred the Notes to the applicant.

47 The answer to the second question must also be in the negative. Nothing on
the face of the Ticket suggested any foul play by the respondent. If anything,
the Ticket showed that the applicant paid less than the nominal value of the
Notes for 10.25% interest that will mature on 29 September 2000. Moreover,
although this point was not raised by the parties, it was also pertinent that
the Ticket indicated no accrued interest as of the settlement date.
Presumably, this contradicted the applicant’s theory that the respondent had
itself invested in these Notes and then tried to offload them subsequently.

48 In short, having previously been allowed discovery in SUM 3788/2006 on the
promise that evidence relating to the facts in issue could be uncovered, we
have found that promise to have been a mirage, and as such there was no basis
on which this court should order further discovery. In other words, even if I
assumed that the respondent’s motives were relevant, there was no basis on
which I could suppose that the present discovery could lead to information
that would support or affect the parties’ cases.

49 In this regard, I need only to recall the words of Coleman J in _O Co v M
Co_ [1996] 2 Lloyd’s Rep 347 at 351 – and adopted by Tan Lee Meng J in _Banque
Cantonale Vaudoise v Fujitrans (Singapore) Pte Ltd_ [2007] 1 SLR 570 at [10] –
that discovery is not meant to require parties to “turn out the contents of
their filing systems on the off-chance that something might show up.” To
extend the frequently-exploited fishing metaphor, the party applying for
discovery must not only mark out a specific and identifiable spot into which
he wishes to drop a line (see _Thyssen Hunnebeck Singapore v TTJ Civil
Engineering_ [2003] 1 SLR 73 at [6]), he must know that there is fish at that
spot. Even at this late stage, the applicant has not matched its conviction
that the respondent had acted with an ulterior motive with an amendment of its
pleadings.

50 Finally, it will be recalled that I had prefaced my assessment of the
merits of the application with the observation that there was some confusion
in the applicant’s submission before me. When I sought Mr Ng’s views as to the
direct relevance of the respondent’s motive, he clarified that he was
justifying the application on the basis that it would provoke a train of
inquiry. But when I asked Mr Ng where this train was headed, his answer was
that it would prove the ulterior motives of the respondent, which were
relevant. With respect, this logical-slight-of-hand simply confuses the two
distinct bases for allowing discovery. To paraphrase Antonin Scalia J’s
remarks in _Austin v Mich. Chamber of Commerce_ (1990) 494 US 652 at 685:

When the vessel labelled [“direct relevance”] begins to founder under weight
too great to be logically sustained, the argumentation jumps to the good ship
[“train of inquiry”]; and when that in turn begins to go down, it returns to
[“direct relevance”]. Thus hopping back and forth between the two, the
argumentation may survive but makes no headway towards port, where its
conclusion waits in vain.

**_Whether documents sought to be discovered necessary either for disposing
fairly of the matter or for saving costs_**

51 Given my judgment that the documents sought were not directly or indirectly
relevant such as to lead to a chain of inquiry, it followed that discovery was
not necessary for the fair disposal of the applicant’s substantive claim
against the respondent or indeed for saving costs: see _Bayerische_ at [37],
cited above at [32].

**Conclusion**

52 To summarise, I dismissed the application on the grounds that:

(a) The documents sought to be discovered would only demonstrate, at best, the
motive of the respondent in investing in the shares;

(b) This was not directly relevant to any of the pleaded issues;

(c) Even under the broader scope of discovery allowed where discovery would
lead to a “train of inquiry”, the inquiry must ultimately relate back to an
issue that is pleaded. Here, the inquiry would only serve to churn the
discovery of more documents pertaining to the respondent’s motive; and

(d) In any event, even were I to suppose that motive was relevant, there was
no basis on which the applicant could allege an ulterior motive on the
respondent’s part – even if I took into consideration the Ticket indicating
that the respondent held the Notes prior to its investment for the applicant.

**Costs**

53 A brief word is necessary in the light of the parties’ submissions on
costs. There was no dispute that having successfully attacked the application,
the respondent was entitled to costs. The question was quantum. On this, Ms
Tan proposed that it was relevant to take into account the following:

(a) The application was taken out extremely late in the day; barely a week
before trial on the main action was to commence;

(b) The application was based, if at all, on the Ticket which confirmed that
the respondent’s brokerage arm held legal title of the Notes at the material
time. This Ticket was discovered more than 7 months ago. There was no reason
why the application was so late;

(c) The application required counsel to appear in court twice: once to argue
the merits and another (because I had reserved judgment on the merits of the
application) to receive judgment and argue on costs; and

(d) The application was filed on 5.30 pm on 3 May 2007 and according to O 62 r
8, this is considered service on the next day. This meant that service
defective because O 32 r 3 requires summonses to be served two clear days
before it is to be heard.

54 In response, it was argued that the reason the application was filed so
late was because it was based on the AEIC of one of the respondent’s experts,
Dr Michael Potyka, which was affirmed only on 28 March 2007. I did not accept
this explanation. A perusal of the Supporting Affidavit revealed that Dr
Potyka’s evidence only served to _confirm_ that the Notes were held by an arm
of the respondent. The Ticket itself made that clear. Even if Dr Potyka’s
evidence was necessary, this did not explain the six weeks between the date of
Dr Potyka’s AEIC and the date of the filing of the summons – especially since
the applicant himself had applied for liberty to set the matter down for trial
on 3 May 2007, the same day the present application was filed.

55 In the premises, considering the conduct of the applicant both in filing
the application this late and in short-serving it in violation of the Rules,
together with the fact that the respondent was successful in what was a
substantial application, I awarded costs in the amount of $2000 payable to the
respondent.

**Coda**

56 If, as I have held, discovery must relate to pleadings, one practical way
of assisting the courts in making this determination is to state in the
summons or the supporting affidavit the specific pleadings to which the
documents sought to be discovered pertain. This is so even if the application
is brought on the basis that it would lead to a train of inquiry; in such an
event, it would still be helpful to indicate where that train was bound _vis-
à-vis_ the pleaded issues.

Application dismissed; costs fixed at $2000 inclusive of disbursements.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 09 May 2007 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

