Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Re Estate of Tan Kow Quee (alias Tan Kow Kwee)  
[2007] SGHC 19

Case Number | : | OS 995/2006  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 12 February 2007  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Sundaresh Menon JC   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  V Ramakrishnan (V Ramakrishnan & Co) for the plaintiffs; L F Violet Netto (L F Violet Netto) for the defendants   
Parties | : | —  
  
Limitation of Actions – Equity and limitation of actions – Doctrine of laches
– Whether claim by beneficiary against personal representative may be barred
by doctrine of laches where unconscionability on beneficiary's part existing –
Applicable principles  
  
Limitation of Actions – Particular causes of action – Estates of deceased –
Whether limitation period under s 23(a) Limitation Act applying to claim
concerning real estate – Whether s 22(1)(b) Limitation Act excluding
application of limitation period – Sections 2(1), 22(1)(b), 23(a) Limitation
Act (Cap 163, 1996 Rev Ed)  
  
Limitation of Actions – When time begins to run – Whether beneficiary may
stand by indefinitely and take no steps to assert claim on ground that time
bar inapplicable because administration remaining uncompleted even though
right to receive share or interest in estate accruing  
  

12 February 2007 |  Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Sundaresh Menon JC:

Introduction

1 The facts of this case are somewhat unusual in that they concern the
administration of the estate of a gentleman, Mr Tan Kow Quee (“the deceased”)
who died intestate just over 50 years ago on 10 October 1956. The deceased
left five children but three of them, Tan Yee Tam, Tan Liang Quee and Tan Tong
Quee, have since passed away. The two children who are still alive today are
the plaintiffs in these proceedings, Tan Seet Kwee and Tan Quee Neo. The
deceased’s wife had pre-deceased him and Letters of Administration for the
estate were granted on 14 January 1957 to Tan Yee Tam and Tan Liang Quee. When
Tan Liang Quee passed away on 12 July 1988, Tan Yee Tam remained as the sole
administrator of the deceased’s estate until 1994 when he appointed his wife
Tan Whay Eng, who is the 1st defendant before me, as a co-administratrix. On
17 January 2002, Tan Yee Tam passed away and the 1st defendant on 2 June 2003
pursuant to an order of court, appointed their son Tan Khim Heng, who is the
2nd defendant before me, as a co-administrator of the deceased’s estate.

The factual background

2 It was not in dispute that:

(a) The deceased’s assets at the time of his death consisted of a bank account
with a balance of $5,343.61 and a residential property now known as 2
Wiltshire Road, Singapore 466378 (“the property”) and valued at that time at
$4,000;

(b) The deceased’s funeral expenses amounting to $467.18 were settled;

(c) The value of the estate at that time nett of expenses was $8,876.43;

(d) There had been at least a partial distribution, to some of the
beneficiaries, of the cash balance at the bank; and

(e) The 1st defendant and her family have occupied the property at all
material times.

3 Save as aforesaid, most other factual points were disputed. The plaintiffs
(who were supported in this application by the next-of-kin of Tan Liang Quee
and Tan Tong Quee) claim that the property and a part of the cash balance in
the bank account were not distributed by Tan Yee Tam. By the present
proceedings, they seek a declaration that the property forms a part of the
deceased’s estate and they further seek an order of sale in respect of the
property and consequential orders for the proceeds to be distributed.

4 The plaintiffs’ principal factual contentions may be summarised thus:

(a) The administration of the deceased’s estate had not been completed at the
time of Tan Yee Tam’s death;

(b) The property had been occupied by the 1st defendant and her family without
any payment of rent since 1956;

(c) The deceased’s funeral expenses amounting to $467.18 were initially met by
the plaintiffs’ uncle and were then charged to the estate;

(d) The same uncle instructed Tan Yee Tam to distribute the cash in the bank
account but this was only partially carried out;

(e) The property was not taken into account at the time of the distribution;

(f) Tan Yee Tam and his wife were evicted from the property by the deceased
during his lifetime but they returned after his death. There was friction
among the family members allegedly generated by Tan Yee Tam and the 1st
defendant;

(g) The subject of the property was brought up with the 1st defendant after
the death of Tan Yee Tam in 2002 but she brushed this aside;

(h) The plaintiffs are unaware of any renovation to the property having been
done by Tan Yee Tam or by the defendants during the time they have been in
occupation.

5 Further, one Jenny Low, whose deceased husband was the son of Tan Liang
Quee, deposed that she had learnt from her late husband that his father had
only had a partial cash distribution made to him. It was not stated when this
had taken place. She also referred to some correspondence between Tan Liang
Quee and the Housing and Development Board (“HDB”) where the former had stated
that he had a one-fifth interest in the property. The HDB then granted him an
exemption from certain provisions of the Housing and Development Act (Cap 271,
1970 Rev Ed) on the basis that he could not “recover [the interest in the
property] for [his] own use”.

6 It is significant that there is no assertion in any of the affidavits filed
on behalf of the plaintiffs that the subject of the property had been raised
or discussed with the defendants or with Tan Yee Tam at any time between 1956
and 2002. Further, the evidence before me suggests that the matter was first
raised in writing when the plaintiffs’ solicitors wrote to the 1st defendant
on 17 February 2006. There is no documentary evidence to suggest that any
steps had been taken prior to this, by the plaintiffs or any of those claiming
to be beneficiaries, to require the defendants or Tan Yee Tam to distribute
their claimed share in the property.

7 As against this, the principal factual contentions advanced on behalf of the
defendants may be summarised thus:

(a) The 1st defendant married Tan Yee Tam in 1951. They lived at the property
with the deceased and with Tan Yee Tam’s siblings.

(b) Tan Liang Quee and Tan Quee Neo got married and moved out. Then in 1956,
the deceased passed away. Shortly after that Tan Tong Quee collected his share
of the deceased’s estate and moved out.

(c) The 1st defendant stated that she had been informed by her husband, Tan
Yee Tam that each of his siblings had received their share of the estate in
cash. She also produced copies of letters addressed to Tan Tong Quee, Tan
Liang Quee and Tan Seet Quee which indicated that there had been a
distribution of certain sums and in each case stating that the “amount was
claimed by me in full, being the share which was divided equally … from the
estate of [the deceased]”. One of these letters was addressed to Tan Seet
Kwee, the 1st plaintiff, who did not deny the authenticity of the letter or
that it had been sent but merely made the following observation:

With regard to the 3 receipts … that (sic) appears to be unsigned unwitnessed
and undated and therefore have no evidentiary value but in any event this only
has reference to the cash … and nothing to do with the property.

(d) The property continued to be occupied by Tan Yee Tam and his family.
Substantial renovations were carried out in 1977 and in 2004 entailing
expenditure of $30,000 and $90,000 respectively. Although no invoices were
produced, photographs of the premises were included in the evidence before me
and it was plain that reasonably substantial expenditure had been incurred at
some stage. It may be noted that the property had been described as an “attap
house” in earlier documents and the photographs plainly show that it could no
longer be described as such.

(e) The estate had been distributed. The defendants contend that it is
untenable to suggest that Tan Yee Tam had not distributed the estate given the
passage of time prior to the present proceedings without any action being
brought to advance a claim for further distribution. Further, until his death
in 1988, Tan Liang Quee had been a co-administrator. No suggestion had ever
been advanced throughout those years to suggest that the beneficiaries were
entitled to anything more than they had been paid.

(f) Instead the issue was raised for the first time after the death of Tan Yee
Tam and Tan Liang Quee.

(g) As to the declaration made by Tan Liang Quee to the HDB, this was done to
obtain the relevant exemption given that as a co-administrator his name had
been registered against the property.

8 In approaching the factual issues in the case it bears noting that the
burden of proof is upon the plaintiffs to make out their case. In particular,
the plaintiffs bear the burden of proving that the property remains a part of
the estate and is liable to be distributed. Assuming they succeed in this,
then the next issue is whether the claim is nonetheless barred by virtue of
any applicable provision in the Limitation Act (Cap 163, 1996 Rev Ed) and/or
by virtue of the equitable doctrine of _laches_. I turn to consider each of
these issues.

Does the property form a part of the estate?

9 The plaintiffs rely upon the fact that at the time of the deceased’s passing
away, the property clearly formed a part of his estate. That much is beyond
dispute. However, beyond that there is no direct evidence squarely on the
point and one is then left to consider what proper inferences may be drawn
from the objective facts. The relevant facts are these:

(a) The 1st defendant and her family have occupied the property without
challenge or interruption for at least 46 years (assuming one accepts the
plaintiffs’ contention that the matter was raised with her orally after Tan
Yee Tam’s death) or 50 years if one goes on the basis of the documents;

(b) For much of that time, there was a co-administrator from a different
branch of the family i.e. Tan Liang Quee, and there is nothing to suggest that
at any time he challenged the claimed interest of Tan Yee Tam and his family
in the property. This is especially significant if, as the plaintiffs allege,
there were tensions between Tan Yee Tam’s family and the others;

(c) Some distributions did take place. However, the evidence did not establish
with any precision just what was distributed, when, to whom and on what basis.
Yet, no steps appear to have been taken to assert any rights in respect of the
property at any time in the context of these distributions, or for that
matter, throughout the period I have referred to at (a) above;

(d) The issue was first raised after the death of both the original
administrators of the deceased’s estate; and

(e) A substantial sum of money has been expended by the 1st defendant’s family
on the property.

10 In my judgment, the proper inference that is to be drawn from these facts
is that the property had been taken into account in a consensual arrangement
between all the children of the deceased. The utter lack of any steps having
been taken by any of the beneficiaries to assert their claims for such a long
period of time renders it highly improbable that these rights had not been
settled. It is significant that the issue was first raised after the death of
the original administrators. No adequate explanation has been given by the
plaintiffs for their failure to act all these years.

11 This inference is consistent also with the copies of the letters I have
referred to at [7c] above. I find it significant that the 1st plaintiff did
not deny the authenticity of the letter that was allegedly sent to him. His
principal demurrer was to state that it had no evidentiary value because it
was not signed or dated or witnessed but this I do not accept given that the
authenticity of the document was not challenged. He also contended that this
referred only to the cash portion of the estate but that is not the plain
interpretation of the document.

12 Mr Ramakrishnan, who appeared for the plaintiffs, submitted that the fact
that Tan Yee Tam had appointed his wife as a co-administratrix in 1994 and
that she in turn had appointed her son as a co-administrator in 2003 suggested
that they considered there were still residuary interests to be distributed.

13 I accept that this was odd but not so as to displace the conclusion which I
think properly follows from the objective facts. Furthermore, the fact that
the defendants did incur substantial expenditure on the property is
inconsistent with their harbouring such a belief as contended by Mr
Ramakrishnan. It is relevant in this connection, also to consider the level of
awareness of legal procedures that the parties in question were likely to have
had at the relevant time.

14 I make one further observation in passing. There is a suggestion in the
second affidavit filed by the plaintiffs that the 1st defendant had been
avoiding the sale of the property for some 12 years. To the extent this was an
assertion that the subject had been raised with the 1st defendant as early as
1994 I note this is a bare assertion tied to the time of her appointment as a
co-administratrix. In my view, this is plainly untenable and I reject it
because the evidence of those giving evidence in support of the plaintiffs’
case is that they had been unaware of the 1st defendant’s appointment as a co-
administratrix until after these proceedings had been commenced. It was also
inconsistent with the original averment in the first affidavit of the
plaintiffs to the effect that the issue was first raised when Mr Ramakrishnan
wrote to the defendants on 17 February 2006. The only other reference to any
direct communication on this issue between the parties is found in the second
affidavit where it is suggested that it was raised after Tan Yee Tam’s death
in 2002.

15 For completeness, I mention one final point. I have concluded that the
proper inference to be drawn from the facts presented to me is that the
property had been taken into account in a consensual arrangement between the
children of the deceased, which settled the rights of all the beneficiaries to
the estate (see [10] above). This means that some disposition of the equitable
interests of the beneficiaries had to have occurred. Any such disposition
would have had to be in writing signed by the person disposing of the same for
it to be enforceable at law: see s 7(2) of the Civil Law Act (Cap 43, 1999 Rev
Ed). There was no such evidence of this before me. However, equity, it is
said, will not allow the statute to be used as an instrument of fraud. To
mitigate the rigour of the requirement of writing the courts have “invariably
taken a pragmatic approach in recognising the applicability of the doctrine of
part performance” (_per_ V K Rajah JC, as he then was in _Midlink Development
Pte Ltd v The Stansfield Group Pte Ltd_ [2004] 4 SLR 258 at [66]). This
approach aims to thwart unconscionable behaviour. In the present case, the
defendants have occupied the property without challenge or interruption for at
least 46 years and there has in fact been some distributions of the estate. In
my judgment, these two facts would have sufficed to evidence part performance.
Neither party in fact raised this point in the course of the proceedings. I
therefore say no more about this save to observe that having regard to my
ruling on the issue of _laches_ below, this point would have made no
difference to my conclusions in any event. Accordingly, in my judgment, the
plaintiffs’ claim fails on the first ground. Nonetheless, in case I am wrong
on this, I consider the remaining issues.

The position under the Limitation Act

16 The plaintiffs’ case is founded upon their rights as alleged beneficiaries
to the estate of the deceased under the Intestate Succession Act (Cap 146,
1985 Rev Ed). The circumstances of the present case give rise to an anterior
issue, namely, whether such a claim is barred by virtue of the provisions of
the Limitation Act. The relevant provisions for this part of the discussion
are ss 2(1), 22(1)(b) and 23(a) of the Limitation Act and for convenience, I
set these out:

2(1) “Personal estate and personal property” do not include land or chattels
real;

**Limitations of actions in respect of trust property.**

22\. (1) No period of limitation prescribed by this Act shall apply to an
action by a beneficiary under a trust, being an action-

…

(b) to recover from the trustee trust property or the proceeds thereof in the
possession of the trustee, or previously received by the trustee and converted
to his use.

…

**Limitation of actions claiming personal estate of deceased person.**

23\. Subject to section 22(1), no action -

(a) in respect of any claim to the personal estate of a deceased person or to
any share or interest in the estate, whether under a will or on intestacy,
shall be brought after the expiration of 12 years from the date when the right
to receive the share or interest accrued; …

17 The scheme of these provisions is that s 23(a) prescribes a limitation
period of 12 years in respect of certain claims under a will or on intestacy
but that is subject to s 22(1) which excludes the applicability of _any_
limitation period in the applicable circumstances.

18 Mr Ramakrishnan, who appeared for the plaintiffs submitted in essence that:

(a) The limitation period under s 23(a) had no application to real property as
opposed to other property;

(b) In any event, the relevant period of limitations did not bar the claim
because it would only start to run once the estate had purportedly been
completely distributed; and

(c) In any event the limitations period did not apply because it was excluded
by the operation of s 22(1)(b).

19 Ms Violet Netto who appeared for the defendants took issue with all the
three forgoing contentions.

20 I start with Mr Ramakrishnan’s first argument. The short point is that this
is correct in my view given that s 2(1) of Limitation Act makes it clear that
“personal property” as used in that statute does not include land or chattels
real. Further, Mr Ramakrishnan cited in support of his contention the recent
decision of the English Court of Appeal in _Green v Gaul_ [2006] EWCA Civ
1124. That concerned an action seeking, _inter alia_ , the removal of an
administratrix of an estate on the basis that despite having held that office
for about 11 years, she had not provided any accounts, completed the
administration or made any distributions. There was a claim for an account of
the administration. The defence raised, among other things, a plea of
limitations as well as relief under the doctrine of _laches_.

21 Sections 21 and 22 of the English Limitation Act are _in_ _pari materia_
with ss 22 and 23 of our statute. Chadwick LJ who delivered the judgment of
the court traced the legislative history behind the preservation of language
in the English Limitation Act which imposed a limitation only in the case of
the personal estate at [23] and [24] before concluding as follows at [24] and
[25]:

24 … It is impossible to suppose that, when section 20 of the Limitation Act
1939 was enacted – and when that section was re-enacted as section 22(a) of
the Limitation Act 1980 – the legislature did not appreciate that the
Administration of Estates Act 1925 continued to draw a distinction between
real estate and personal estate in the hands of the personal representative of
an intestate. And it is impossible to suppose that, with that knowledge, the
legislature intended the words “any claim to the personal estate of a
deceased” to mean “any claim to the real and personal estate of the deceased”:
indeed, section 38(1) of the 1980 Act defines “personal estate” in terms which
plainly exclude real estate. Those conclusions are unaffected by the
amendments to section 33 of the 1925 Act which were introduced by section 5 of
the Trusts of Land and Appointment of Trustees Act 1996.

25 The true position, as it seems to me, is that it was not contemplated by
the legislature that section 22(a) of the 1980 Act would apply to claims
against the personal representative of an intestate in respect of real estate
which remained unsold or (as to claims in respect of personal estate) at a
time when the estate remained unadministered – in the sense that the costs,
funeral and testamentary and administration expenses, debts and other
liabilities properly payable thereout had not been paid and any pecuniary
legacies provided for.

22 Ms Netto submitted that the portion of Chadwick LJ’s judgment at [25] which
I have quoted above should be understood as referring only to real property in
an estate that remained unadministered. I disagree. In my judgment, it is
clear on the face of s 23(a) of the Limitation Act read with the definition of
the term “personal estate” in s 2(1) of the same statute that the limitation
period in question does not apply to a claim concerning real estate that is
part of an estate. This is in fact wholly borne out by the decision of the
English Court of Appeal in _Green v Gaul_. Chadwick LJ’s reference to an
estate that remained unadministered relates to claims in respect of personal
estate.

23 That makes it unnecessary to consider the next two arguments raised by Mr
Ramakrishnan. However, as these points were argued in full, I set out my views
on them. In my judgment, Mr Ramakrishnan is not correct in his second argument
as I have set it out at [18b] above. Mr Ramakrishnan relied in support of his
argument on cases that suggested that the limitation period did not begin to
run until such time as the beneficiaries had an accrued right to claim any
share in the estate. In this regard, he relied in particular on the following
passage from _Green v Gaul_ at [28]:

… [The] better view is that the period under section 22(a) of the 1980 Act (in
cases to which that section applies) will not begin to run until the
administrator has paid the costs, funeral and testamentary and administration
expenses, debts and other liabilities properly payable out of the assets in
his hands, and provided for the payment of any pecuniary legacies. It is not
until then that he is in a position to distribute the residuary estate to
those entitled under section 46 of the Administration of Estates Act 1925;
because it is not until then that “the residuary estate of the intestate” can
be identified – section 33(4) of that Act. That is not, of course, to say that
a beneficiary has no remedy against an administrator who delays in getting in
the assets and paying the administration expenses and debts: it is only to say
that, in such a case, time does not run against the beneficiary under section
22(a) of the Limitation Act 1980.

24 In my judgment, that passage merely reiterates what is already set out in s
23(a) of the Limitation Act, namely that the period of time will only start to
run “from the date when the right to receive the share or interest accrued”.
No such right accrues until the funeral, testamentary and administration
expenses have been paid. However, that does not mean that in a case where such
expenses have been paid and the right to receive the share or interest in
question has therefore accrued a beneficiary can stand by indefinitely and
take no steps to assert his claim and then later maintain that the time bar is
inapplicable because the administration allegedly remains uncompleted. Not
only is this inconsistent with the terms of s 23(a), it is also untenable
because taken to its logical conclusion, it would mean such actions would
never be caught by s 23(a). I say this because it is inherent in every such
claim that a portion of the estate remains undistributed and hence that the
administration remains uncompleted. In my judgment, this would render the
provision otiose and I consider such an argument to be without merit.

25 I turn to Mr Ramakrishnan’s third argument. In my judgment, this is correct
in that the statute expressly provides that the limitation prescribed in s
23(a) is subject to s 22(1). Section 22(1)(b) expressly provides that no
period of limitation will apply to an action by a beneficiary of a trust
against the trustee seeking to recover trust property in the possession of a
trustee. The Limitation Act provides in s 2(1) that “trust” and “trustee” have
the same meaning as in the Trustees Act (Cap 337, 2005 Rev Ed) and the latter
statute provides that “trustee” includes a personal representative. On the
face of the statutory provision, the plaintiffs, in my judgment, would be able
to rely on s 22(1) to defeat any reliance by the defendants on the limitation
period prescribed by s 23(a). This is also consistent with the decision in
_Green v Gaul_ at [32].

26 Accordingly, I am satisfied that no defence avails the defendants under the
Limitation Act.

Relief under the doctrine of laches

27 That by itself, does not resolve the concerns arising from the delay in
bringing this action. It is relevant here to have regard to s 32 of the
Limitation Act which provides as follows:

Nothing in this Act shall affect any equitable jurisdiction to refuse relief
on the ground of acquiescence, laches or otherwise.

28 In _British Malayan Trustees Ltd v Sino Realty Pte Ltd_ [1988] 2 SLR 495 at
[64], Lai Siu Chiu J held that by virtue of s 32 of the Limitation Act, it
would be necessary to consider separately whether a claim not caught by a
statutory time bar was nonetheless barred by the doctrine of _laches_. In my
judgment, this is correct.

29 I note that in _Patel v Shah_ [2005] EWCA Civ 157 the English Court of
Appeal held at [22] that even if no period of limitation applies to a given
claim (as I have found to be the case here) the court retained the equitable
jurisdiction to refuse relief on the grounds of _laches_. This was followed in
_Green v Gaul_ : see at [39] and [40] of that judgment. The point is well made
by Chadwick LJ who noted as follows at [33]:

Section 36(2) of the Limitation Act 1980 provides, in terms, that:

“Nothing in this Act shall affect any equitable jurisdiction to refuse relief
on the ground of acquiescence or otherwise.”

It is not, I think, in doubt that “acquiescence” in that context includes
conduct which would lead a court of equity to refuse relief on the grounds of
_laches_. At first sight, therefore, it is difficult to see how an express
provision in the 1980 Act that no period of limitation prescribed by the Act
shall apply to the claim – or, more generally, the absence of any provision in
the Act which does, on a true analysis, prescribe a period of limitation in
respect of the claim – can have the effect of excluding a defence of _laches_
if, on the facts, such a defence would otherwise be available.

30 In my judgment, this is correct and to the extent it may be suggested that
authorities such as _Ahminah v Meh and Pakir_ [1892] SSLR 1 and _In re
Pauling’s Settlement Trusts_ [1963] 1 Ch 303 at 353 point the other way, I
choose not to follow those cases. In my judgment, not only is the point not
adequately reasoned in those cases, but the logic underlying the decision in
_Green v Gaul_ on this issue and what I have said at [28] to [30] provide a
sufficient basis for the view I have taken.

31 I should note in fairness to Mr Ramakrishnan that he did not appear to
dispute that the doctrine of _laches_ was applicable in principle. Rather, his
submissions were directed at the contention that the defendants ought not to
be accorded any relief under the doctrine in the circumstances of the present
case and it is to this I now turn.

32 It is helpful to begin with a brief survey of the ambit of the doctrine.
The learned editors of _Snell’s Equity_ (John McGhee Gen Ed) (Sweet & Maxwell,
31st Ed, 2005) note as follows at 101-102 (omitting the footnotes for
convenience):

(c) _Claims outside the Statute._ The principle which equity applies to cases
not covered by a statutory period have been stated thus:

“Now the doctrine of laches in courts of equity is not an arbitrary or a
technical doctrine. Where it would be practically unjust to give a remedy,
either because the party has, by his conduct, done that which might fairly be
regarded as equivalent to a waiver of it, or where by his conduct and neglect
he has, though perhaps not waiving that remedy, yet put the other party in a
situation in which it would not be reasonable to place him if the remedy were
afterwards to be asserted, in either of these cases lapse of time and delay
are most material.”

Laches essentially consists of a substantial lapse of time coupled with the
existence of circumstances which make it inequitable to enforce the claim.
Delay will accordingly be fatal to a claim for equitable relief if it is
evidence of an agreement by the claimant to abandon or release his right, or
if it has resulted in the destruction or loss of evidence by which the claim
might have been rebutted, or if the claim is to a business (for the claimant
should not be allowed to wait and see if it prospers), or if the claimant has
so acted as to induce the defendant to alter his position on the reasonable
faith that the claim has been released or abandoned. But apart from such
circumstances delay will be immaterial. There can be no abandonment of a right
without full knowledge, legal capacity and free will, so that ignorance or
disability or undue influence will be a satisfactory explanation of delay.

33 This passage suggests a confluence of two factors: delay and the existence
of circumstances that make it inequitable to enforce the claim. A claimant in
equity is bound to pursue his claim without undue delay. Equity, it is said,
aids the vigilant and not the indolent. This stems from the fact that as much
as equity is found in flexible applications of the law designed to secure a
just result, it is apt to seek recourse in equity when the conscience is
pricked and where no other innocent interest is affected. The longer the
delay, the less likely are these considerations to be valid. The basis for the
equitable intervention of the court is ultimately found in unconscionability.
The following passage from the judgment in _Green v Gaul_ at [42] is
instructive:

The modern approach to the defences of laches, acquiescence and estoppel was
considered by this Court in _Frawley v Neill_ ([2002] CP Reports 20, but
otherwise unreported, 1 March 1999) to which reference was made in the
judgement of Lord Justice Mummery in _Patel v Shah_ [2005] EWCA Civ 157,
[32]). After reviewing the earlier authorities – and, in particular,
observations in _Lindsay Petroleum v Hurd_ (1874) LR 5 Privy Council 221, 229
and _Erlanger v New Sombrero Phosphate Co_ (1878) 3 App Cas 1218, 1279 – Lord
Justice Aldous (with whom the other members of the Court agreed) said this:

“In my view the more modern approach should not require an inquiry as to
whether the circumstances can be fitted within the confines of a preconceived
formula derived from earlier cases. The inquiry should require a broad
approach, directed to ascertaining whether it would in all the circumstances
be unconscionable for a party to be permitted to assert his beneficial right.
No doubt the circumstances which gave rise to a particular result in the
decided cases are relevant to the question whether or not it would be
conscionable or unconscionable for the relief to be asserted, but each case
has to be decided on its facts applying the broad approach.”

34 In addition, I would refer to the following extracts from the judgment of
Mummery LJ in _Patel v Shah_ at [30], [31], [33] and [34].

30 I do not doubt that, in the general run of claims by a beneficiary against
a trustee for the recovery of a beneficial interest in trust property, Mr
Hodge’s analysis is apposite. The key question is whether it applies to the
trusts affecting the properties in this case, bearing in mind that these
trusts arose, and are sought to be enforced, in a commercial context, not in
the donative context of orthodox _inter vivos_ and testamentary trusts, in
which a beneficiary is not expected by anyone to do anything other than to
receive the gift.

31 As I have indicated, the deputy judge applied the principle stated by Lord
Lindley in paragraph 23-20 in _Lindley and Banks on Partnership_ , 18th ed.
That principle is stated in a commercial setting: that of a partnership, the
carrying on of a business with a view to profit. The deputy judge said it was
applicable with equal force to the series of joint ventures of the kind
undertaken between Greetflow and the defendants.

…

33 … In the case of an ordinary trust by way of gift to trustees for the
benefit of the beneficiaries, where the beneficiary is not required or
expected to do more than receive what has been given for his benefit, it will
obviously be extremely rare for laches and delay on the part of the
beneficiary to make it unconscionable for that beneficiary to assert his claim
to the beneficiary interest, or for the trustee to claim that he has been
released from the equitable obligations that bind his conscience.

34 The general commercial setting of the particular facts of this case make
it, in my view, a different kind of case from that of a beneficiary under a
gift trust. …

35 Mr Ramakrishnan made two submissions on the strength of these authorities:

(a) That no defence of _laches_ would lie in this case because it falls within
the general run of claims by a beneficiary against a trustee for the recovery
of a beneficial interest in trust property, and more particularly within the
donative context of gifts where the beneficiary was expected to do nothing but
receive the gift, which Mummery LJ appeared to suggest would not attract
relief under the doctrine; and

(b) That in any case, applying the principle of unconscionability, nothing had
been done by the plaintiffs to render it unconscionable to permit them to
enforce their present claim.

36 While I understand the basis for Mr Ramakrishnan’s arguments, in my
judgment, they fail in the present case.

37 As to Mr Ramakrishnan’s first contention, I do not regard as correct, the
proposition that as a matter of principle a claim by a beneficiary against a
personal representative could not be barred by the doctrine of _laches_. I
note that in the passages from _Patel v Shah_ that I have referred to, Mummery
LJ while articulating some general principles did recognise at [33] that even
in the case of a testamentary beneficiary the doctrine of _laches_ could
arise, albeit that it would be rare for it to make it unconscionable for that
beneficiary to assert his claim. I further note that in _Green v Gaul_ a
different panel of the same court specifically considered and accepted the
applicability of the doctrine in the context of a claim against an
administratrix.

38 As to the second contention, I would observe that as noted in _Green v
Gaul_ , the inquiry into unconscionability is a broad-based one directed _at
all the circumstances_. It will thus be relevant to examine the length of
delay, the nature of the prejudice said to be suffered by the defendant, as
well as any element of unconscionability in allowing the claim to be enforced.
It is not an inquiry that is limited to ascertaining whether the claimant has
done something that would render it unconscionable to permit the claim to
proceed.

39 In that light, I turn to the facts before me and they are the following in
particular:

(a) The action concerns the administration of the estate of a person who
passed away some 50 years ago. The delay is a considerable one by any
yardstick;

(b) At least partial distributions were made years ago. Those distributions
may seem paltry today in the context of the huge appreciation in the value of
the property over the last 50 years, but this must be viewed in the context of
the time when the distributions were made;

(d) The subject of the property was not brought up by the plaintiffs until
after Tan Yee Tam’s death. It also does not appear to have been raised during
the lifetime of Tan Liang Quee. This is unfair to the defendants who were
reduced to relying upon what Tan Yee Tam had allegedly told the 1st defendant
about the settlement of the estate. Further, the 1st defendant was unable to
give direct evidence concerning the unsigned and undated copies of the letters
allegedly recording the settlement of the shares of at least some of the
beneficiaries; and

(e) The defendants had incurred substantial expenditure in renovating the
property in the context of the plaintiffs having given no indication of any
intention to claim anything more than they had already received.

40 In my judgment, this confluence of factors is sufficient to take this case
outside the general run of claims by a beneficiary against a trustee for
recovery of trust property. Further, I am satisfied that having regard to the
fact the plaintiffs took no steps at all to assert any interest to the
property or to bring any claim during the lifetime of Tan Yee Tam or Tan Liang
Quee, it would be unconscionable to allow the claim to proceed since the
defendants are hampered in their efforts to rebut the claim.

41 According, I am satisfied that the defendants are entitled to relief under
the doctrine of _laches_.

42 In all the circumstances, I dismiss the action with costs to be taxed if
not agreed.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 12 Feb 2007 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

