Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Pang Chen Suan v Commissioner for Labour  
[2007] SGHC 138

Case Number | : | OS 2183/2006  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 30 August 2007  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Tan Lee Meng J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Ramasamy Chettiar (ACIES Law Corporation) for the applicant; Jeffrey Chan Wah Teck and Kevin Lim (Attorney-General's Chambers) for the respondent   
Parties | : |  Pang Chen Suan — Commissioner for Labour   
  
Administrative Law – Remedies – Certiorari and mandamus – Employee applying to
reinstate claim for workmen's compensation – Commissioner for Labour finding
no reasonable cause for late submission – Colleague in same accident awarded
compensation – Whether leave for judicial review should be granted – Whether
Commissioner for Labour's decision irrational or unreasonable  
  
Employment Law – Commissioner for labour – Whether decision of Commissioner
for Labour refusing to reinstate workmen's compensation claim irrational or
unreasonable  
  
Employment Law – Definition of "reasonable cause" for late submission of
compensation claim – Section 11(4) Workmen's Compensation Act (Cap 354, 1998
Rev Ed)  
  

30 August 2007  |   
---|---  
  
Tan Lee Meng J:

1 The applicant, Mr Pang Chen Suan (“Pang”), sought leave to apply for the
following orders:

(a) That the Plaintiff be granted leave to apply for an Order of Certiorari to
quash the decision of the Learned Commissioner for Labour made on the 7th day
of September 2006 with respect to the aforesaid Labour Case No 0401525D
wherein the Learned Commissioner for Labour decided that the Plaintiff was
barred from claiming his Workmen Compensation and refusing to assess the
compensation of the Plaintiff under the Workmen Compensation[’s]Act (Cap 354).

(b) That the Plaintiff be granted leave to apply for an Order of Mandamus
directing the Learned Commissioner to reinstate the aforesaid case and to
assess the Plaintiff’s claim under the Workmen Compensation[’s] Act (Cap 354).

2 I dismissed the application for leave for judicial review and now set out
the reasons for my decision.

Background

3 Pang, now 41 years old, was formerly employed as a supervisor by D-Sign
Advertising (“D-Sign”), which was in the business of making signboards. On 13
January 2004, an explosion occurred in D-Sign’s factory at the Toa Payoh
Industrial Park while one of D-Sign’s employees was carrying out hot works
with a gas cylinder (“the accident”). Pang’s employer and three other persons
died in the accident. Several other persons, including Pang, were injured.

4 Pang applied for compensation under the Workmen’s Compensation Act (Cap 354,
1998 Rev Ed) (“the Act”). However, he withdrew his claim for compensation
under the Act on 17 August 2004 in order to pursue a claim for damages against
his former employer under the common law. On 27 December 2004, Pang commenced
a common law action against D-Sign. The validity of the writ was once
extended.

5 At the Coroner’s Inquiry into the death of the persons as a result of the
accident in D-Sign’s factory, the State Coroner recorded a verdict of
misadventure and went on to say that the inquiry showed how important it was
for oxygen tank manufacturers to comply with blow down procedures when
installing oxygen into gas tanks to rectify any contamination. Apparently,
other remarks by the State Coroner also made it an uphill task for Pang to
succeed in his common law action against D-Sign. Furthermore, D-Sign’s
insurers, NTUC Income Insurers, denied liability for the consequences of the
accident on the ground that the policy did not cover the carrying out of hot
works in D-Sign’s factory. In view of these developments, Pang allowed his
writ against D-Sign to lapse on 20 January 2006.

6 Four months later on 30 April 2006, Pang applied to the Commissioner for
Labour (“COL”) to “reinstate” his claim for workmen’s compensation. As more
than one year and three months had passed by since the accident occurred, Pang
had a hurdle to cross before his claim could be reconsidered by the COL
because s 11(1) of the Act provides as follows:

**11.** (1) Except as provided in this section, proceedings for the recovery
of compensation for an injury under this Act shall not be maintainable unless
–

….

(b) a claim for compensation with respect to that accident has been made
_within one year from the happening of the accident_ causing the injury, or,
in the case of death, within one year from the date of the death.

[emphasis added]

7 Where a claim has been made more than a year after the accident that caused
the injury in respect of which a claim for workmen’s compensation is made, s
11(4) of the Act provides as follows:

The failure to make a claim within the period specified in subsection (1)
shall not be a bar to the maintenance of proceedings if it is found that the
failure was occasioned by mistake, absence from Singapore _or other reasonable
cause_.

[emphasis added]

8 On 3 May 2006, the COL informed Pang that he was precluded from making a
claim so late in the day unless he was able to show that he had “reasonable
cause” for the late submission.

9 On 10 July 2006, Pang’s counsel, Mr Ramasamy Chettiar, wrote to the COL to
explain that Pang had sought to have his claim for workmen’s compensation
“reinstated” because he had abandoned his common law claim against his former
employer, who did not have insurance cover with respect to the accident.

10 On 7 September 2006, the COL informed Pang that the reasons furnished by
him could not be accepted as a “reasonable cause” for the late submission of
his claim (“the decision”).

11 On 22 November 2006, Pang commenced the present proceedings against the COL
for a quashing order and an order for mandamus.

**Whether leave should be given**

12 In _Public Service Commission v Lai Swee Lin Linda_ [2001] 1 SLR 644 (“
_Lai Swee Lin Linda_ ”), L P Thean JA, who delivered the judgment of the Court
of Appeal, explained at [23] that the requirement of leave to apply for orders
such as the ones being sought by Pang is intended to be a means of filtering
out groundless or hopeless cases at an early stage so as to prevent a wasteful
use of judicial time and to protect public bodies from harassment, whether
intentional or otherwise. The test for granting leave for judicial review was
considered by the Court of Appeal in _Chan Hiang Leng Colin & Ors v Minister
for Information and the Arts_ [1996] 1 SLR 609 (“ _Chan Hiang Leng Colin_ ”).
In that case, Karthigesu JA, who delivered the judgment of the court, held at
[25] that what is required “is not a prima facie case, but a prima facie case
of reasonable suspicion” and if the latter can be shown, it cannot be said
that the application must necessarily fail, for there would then appear to be
an “arguable case”. In _Lai Swee Lin Linda_ , L P Thean JA said at [22] that
leave “would be granted if there appears to be a point which might, on further
consideration, turn out to be an arguable case in favour of granting to the
applicant the relief claimed”.

13 It is trite law that for a quashing order to be issued to set aside a
decision of a public authority, that decision must either be illegal,
procedurally improper or irrational. At the outset, it must be noted that Pang
did not assert that the COL’s decision could be impugned for illegality or
procedural impropriety. As such, the only possible ground for impugning the
COL’s decision was that it was irrational. When referring to this ground for
judicial review in _Council of Civil Service Unions and Others v Minister for
Civil Service_ [1985] AC 374, Lord Diplock explained as follows at 410:

By “irrationality”, I mean what can by now be succinctly referred to as
“Wednesbury unreasonableness”…. It applies to a decision which is so
outrageous in its defiance of logic or of accepted moral standards that no
sensible person who had applied his mind to the question to be decided could
have arrived at it.

14 The _Wednesbury_ test for irrationality was endorsed by the Court of Appeal
in _Chan Hiang Leng Colin_ ([12] _supra_) at 619. More recently, in _Chee Siok
Chin & Ors v Minister for Home Affairs & Anor_ [2006] 1 SLR 582 (“ _Chee Siok
Chin_ ”), V K Rajah J, as he then was, reiterated at [94] that the basis of
quashing a decision on the ground of _Wednesbury_ unreasonableness is that the
decision is so outrageously defiant of “logic” and “propriety” that it can be
plainly seen that no reasonable person would or could come to that decision.

15 Pang’s counsel, Mr Chettiar, merely submitted that the COL’s decision was
wrong. A court hearing an application for leave for judicial review of the
COL’s decision is not an appeal court that has the task of determining whether
it agrees with that decision. If the ground for judicial review is
irrationality, the court is only concerned with whether there is a _prima
facie_ case of reasonable suspicion that the COL’s decision is unreasonable in
the _Wednesbury_ sense. In this regard, it may be noted that in _Secretary of
State for Education and Science v Tameside Metropolitan Borough Council_
[1977] AC 1014, Lord Diplock pointed out at 1064 that the “very concept of
administrative discretion involves a right to choose between more than one
possible course of action upon which there is room for reasonable people to
hold differing opinions as to which is to be preferred”. Lord Diplock’s view
was endorsed in _Chee Siok Chin_ ([14] _supra_) by V K Rajah J, as he then
was, who added at [95] that the essence of reasonableness is that decision
makers can in good faith arrive at quite different decisions based on the same
facts.

16 Apart from there being no evidence of a _prima facie_ case of a reasonable
suspicion that the COL’s decision was unreasonable in the _Wednesbury_ sense,
it may also be noted that far from defying logic and propriety, the COL’s
decision was consistent with a long line of authorities on the meaning of
“reasonable cause” in the context of a statutory time limit for the
presentation of a workman’s claim for compensation for injury suffered in an
industrial accident. The statutory time limit is imposed to protect the
employer from stale claiMs and to put him on guard that a claim is about to be
made against him. In _Prophet v Roberts_ [1918] 11 BWCC 301, at 308, Lord
Swinfen rejected the suggestion that the time bar is a mere technicality and
added that it is a “substantial and material protection to the employer”. This
view was also taken in _Lingley v Thomas Firth & Sons Ltd_ [1921] 1 KB 655 (“
_Lingley_ ”) by Scrutton LJ, who added at 671 that in considering what a
“reasonable cause” for a delayed claim is, one must consider both the
employee’s and employer’s interest and the employee must take into account the
fact that the absence of his claim creates difficulty for his employer.

17 As for what is a “reasonable cause” for a delayed claim, more than half a
century ago, Professor LA Sheridan wrote as follows in _Late National
Insurance Claims: Cause for Delay_ (1956) 19 MLR 341, at p 343:

The actual decisions on what amounts to good cause or reasonable cause for
delay can be arranged under certain convenient headings:

_Deliberate election not to claim_

On principle, when a person knows he could claim and decides not to, there is
not good cause for delay in claiming if he changes his mind. This has been
laid down in cases of sickness benefit and was the doctrine with regard to
reasonable cause of the workmen’s compensation cases.

18 Among the string of cases cited by Professor Sheridan in support of his
view is _Lingley_ ([16] _supra_). In that case, the applicant, a munition
worker, was injured on 21 August 1917 when a shell fell upon her toe. She was
treated in the firm’s ambulance room. She continued to work until December
1918, when the factory closed down. While working, she was in constant pain
and had to sit down. In February 1920, her toe had to be amputated. She then
made a claim for compensation. When her former employer objected to the claim
on the ground that it was made out of time, she stated that she had not made a
claim before as she did not regard the injury as serious. It was held by the
English Court of Appeal that there was no “reasonable cause” for her not to
have made her claim within the time limit permitted for such a claim.

19 As it was not established that there was a _prima facie_ case of a
reasonable suspicion that the decision of the COL regarding Pang’s lack of a
reasonable cause for the delayed submission of his claim for workmen’s
compensation is irrational or unreasonable in the _Wednesbury_ sense, he did
not satisfy the test for leave to apply for judicial review of the COL’s
decision. In view of this, his application for leave to apply for a quashing
order and an order of mandamus was dismissed.

**The further hearing**

20 After the dismissal of the application for leave for judicial review,
Pang’s counsel, Mr Chettiar, requested for further arguments to be heard.

21 At the hearing of the further arguments, Mr Chettiar alleged that the COL’s
decision could be impugned because a Ms Tan Ai Lam (“Ms Tan”), Pang’s
colleague, who was injured in the same accident, was awarded workmen’s
compensation even though she had withdrawn her application for such
compensation in order to pursue a claim against the employer’s estate under
the common law. However, Ms Tan’s position is different from that of Pang. In
Ms Tan’s case, the Notice of Assessment with respect to her claim had already
been finalised by the time she sought to withdraw her claim for workmen’s
compensation. Section 24(3) of the Act provides that in the absence of an
objection from the employer or the person claiming compensation, the
assessment of compensation by the COL shall be deemed to have been agreed upon
by the employer and the person claiming compensation. The consequences of the
issuance of a Notice of Assessment in Ms Tan’s case was highlighted to the COL
by none other than Mr Chettiar himself in a letter dated 27 February 2006, the
contents of which are as follows:

We note that the [Notice of Assessment with respect to Ms Tan’s claim under
the Workmen’s Compensation Act] was issued on 3.6.04 but there is no objection
notification by our client to you. _It would therefore appear that after two
weeks the assessment became an Order under s_  _25(2) of the Act._ In the
circumstances please direct NTUC Income Insurance to pay the assessment sum of
$7,350, her medical expenses and loss of earnings to our client forthwith.

[emphasis added]

22 In stark contrast, in the present case, Pang withdrew his claim for
workmen’s compensation before a Notice of Assessment was issued. The
difference between the two cases ought to have been clear to Mr Chettiar.

23 In the final analysis, whatever may be the differences between Pang’s case
and that of Ms Tan, the issue before the court is whether or not Pang has
established that there is a _prima facie_ case of a reasonable suspicion that
the COL’s decision that Pang had not shown that he had “reasonable cause” for
submitting a claim more than one year after the accident is a decision that is
illegal, procedurally improper or irrational in the _Wednesbury_ sense. It was
not suggested that the COL had advised Ms Tan or anyone else that a person in
a position such as Pang’s had “reasonable cause” for making a claim for
workmen’s compensation more than a year after an industrial accident. As Mr
Chettiar’s arguments at the further hearing of the case did not establish that
there was a _prima facie_ case of a reasonable suspicion that the decision of
the COL regarding Pang’s lack of a reasonable cause for the delayed submission
of his claim for workmen’s compensation was irrational or unreasonable in the
_Wednesbury_ sense, I had no doubt that the application for leave for judicial
review should be dismissed.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 30 Aug 2007 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

