Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Perwira Affin Bank Berhad (formerly known as Perwira Habib Bank Malaysia
Berhad) v Lee Hai Pey and Another  
[2007] SGHC 76

Case Number | : | OS 1054/1996, RA 600008/2006  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 21 May 2007  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Judith Prakash J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Leo Cheng Suan (Infinitus Law Corporation) for the plaintiff; Denis Tan (Toh Tan & Partners) for the second defendant   
Parties | : |  Perwira Affin Bank Berhad (formerly known as Perwira Habib Bank Malaysia Berhad) — Lee Hai Pey; Tham Kwok Onn   
  
Civil Procedure – Foreign judgments – Reciprocal enforcement – Judgment
obtained in Malaysia – Registration in Singapore – Application for
registration order to be perfected – Whether just and convenient to allow
foreign judgment to be enforced in local courts – Section 3(1) Reciprocal
Enforcement of Commonwealth Judgments Act (Cap 264, 1985 Rev Ed)  
  

21 May 2007 |   
---|---  
  
Judith Prakash J:

1 For nearly 20 years, the plaintiff, Perwira Affin Bank Berhad (“the bank”),
has been trying to enforce a judgment that it obtained against Mr Tham Kwok
Onn (“Mr Tham”), the second defendant in this originating summons. The saga is
not over yet as Mr Tham has appealed against the order that I made on 15
January 2007, the effect of which was to endorse the decision of the assistant
registrar that the bank was to be at liberty to take execution proceedings to
enforce the said judgment.

Chronology of events

2 This saga started in 1988 when the bank commenced an action in the High
Court of Malaya at Kuala Lumpur against Mr Tham, who had acted as guarantor of
a loan extended by the bank, and applied for summary judgment. On 23 September
1988, the bank’s application was successful and judgment was entered against
Mr Tham. Mr Tham appealed against this decision. Two years later, the High
Court of Malaya dismissed Mr Tham’s appeal. He then filed a further appeal to
the Supreme Court of Malaysia.

3 While the appeal was pending, in December 1990, the bank obtained an order
registering the Malaysian judgment in Singapore under the Reciprocal
Enforcement of Commonwealth Judgments Act (Cap 264, 1985 Rev Ed) (“the Act”).
Mr Tham then successfully applied to this court to set aside such registration
on the grounds that an appeal against the judgment was pending in Malaysia and
therefore that the same was not registrable under the Act.

4 On 1 November 1994, the Supreme Court of Malaysia dismissed Mr Tham’s appeal
against the judgment. In June 1995, the bank applied again to register the
judgment in Singapore under the Act. Registration was obtained but Mr Tham was
able to set this second order aside as well on the basis that more than six
years had elapsed from the date of the original judgment and therefore it was
no longer enforceable in Malaysia without the leave of court and that the bank
had not obtained leave from the Malaysian court for this purpose. The court
hearing the application in Singapore decided that it would not be just or
convenient to enforce the Malaysian judgment here when its enforceability in
Malaysia was suspect.

5 The next step taken by the bank was to apply to the High Court of Malaya for
leave to execute the judgment against Mr Tham. Leave was granted on 23 May
1996. Consequently, the bank commenced the present proceedings _viz_ ,
originating summons 1054 of 1996 in this court and procured the third
registration of the Malaysian judgment on 28 October 1996 (“the third
registration order”). Mr Tham, naturally, applied for the third registration
order to be set aside but, when his application came on for hearing before the
assistant registrar in February 1997, it was dismissed. Mr Tham then appealed
to the judge in chambers. It should be noted that in November 1996, Mr Tham
had applied to set aside the Malaysian court order granting leave for the
enforcement of the judgment. That application had been heard in December 1996
and had been dismissed by the senior assistant registrar of the High Court in
Kuala Lumpur. Mr Tham then filed an appeal against that dismissal and that
appeal was pending at the time of Mr Tham’s application to set aside the
registration in Singapore.

6 In Singapore proceedings, the appeal was heard by Warren Khoo J. The
original application by Mr Tham had been to have the third registration order
set aside or to have proceedings in relation to the third registration order
stayed pending the determination in the Malaysian courts of the question of
the enforceability of the Malaysian judgment. On 25 March 1997, Khoo J allowed
Mr Tham’s appeal in part and ordered a stay of proceedings on the third
registration order in the alternative terms of the latter’s application. The
reason for this decision as stated in Khoo J’s grounds of decision [1998] 1
SLR 357 was:

10\. I took the view that [ss 3(2) of the Act] does not, and is not intended
to, set out in any exhaustive way the circumstances in which a judgment should
not be registered. There is the general requirement, set out in ss (1), that
the court must be satisfied that in all the circumstances it is just and
convenient that the judgment be allowed to be enforced. We have here a case
where the judgment had ceased to be enforceable unless leave of court was
obtained; leave was obtained ex parte and confirmed on an inter partes
hearing, but [Mr Tham] is entitled to file an appeal against the decision and
has done so. There is no telling which way the appeal will go. In these
circumstances, it seems to me preferable not to allow the judgment to be
enforced here than to allow it to be enforced, with all the attendant
consequences to [Mr Tham].

7 There were two more developments before the matter reached its present
stage. Firstly, Mr Tham’s appeal against the Malaysian decision granting leave
to enforce the judgment was dismissed by the Malaysian Court of Appeal.
Secondly, his application, by way of motion to the Federal Court of Malaysia,
for leave to appeal further to the Federal Court was dismissed by the Federal
Court on 25 October 2004.

8 After all this, the bank came back to this court. On 6 March 2006, it filed
an application for the third registration order to be perfected. Mr Tham
contested this application. After hearing parties, however, the assistant
registrar decided on 23 November 2006 that the bank’s application should be
granted. Mr Tham appealed again. I heard his appeal and dismissed it and he
now wishes to take the matter further.

The arguments

9 The arguments centred around exactly what Khoo J had done when he had
partially allowed Mr Tham’s appeal in March 1997. The bank’s case in brief was
that Khoo J had dismissed Mr Tham’s appeal to set aside the third registration
order and had only granted a stay of the enforcement proceedings pending Mr
Tham’s appeal to the Malaysian courts to determine the validity of the
Malaysian order that had given the bank leave to appeal. Therefore, it argued
that once the Malaysian Court of Appeal had dismissed Mr Tham’s arguments on
this point, there could be no further arguments relating to the registration
of the judgment in Singapore. The assistant registrar agreed with the bank’s
position and considered that Khoo J had simply been against the bank enforcing
its judgment _immediately_ because of the existence of the pending appeal in
Malaysia. He had thus granted a stay pending the outcome of the Malaysian
appeal but had not set aside the registration of the Malaysian judgment.

10 Trying to persuade me to reverse the assistant registrar’s decision, Mr
Tham made a two-fold argument. First, he said that Khoo J’s decision was not a
dismissal of his application to set aside the registration of the Malaysian
judgment. Therefore, Mr Tham was entitled, after the Malaysian Court of Appeal
dismissed his appeal, to proceed afresh with his application to set aside the
third registration order because his right under that order which gave him 28
days to apply to set aside the third registration order, had been preserved by
Khoo J’s order of a stay of all proceedings.

11 Mr Tham’s second argument was that if I accepted his first argument, then
the court in determining whether the registration was to be set aside was
entitled, under the “just and convenient” principle embodied in s 3(1) of the
Act, to look at the enforceability of the Malaysian judgment based on its
validity in Malaysia as of the present date and was not limited to the
circumstances existing at the time of registration. In this connection, it was
Mr Tham’s argument that the Malaysian judgment was no longer enforceable or
executable in Malaysia.

12 Mr Tham elaborated his first argument as follows. He said that Khoo J had
reversed the assistant registrar’s order dismissing Mr Tham’s application to
set aside the third registration order or alternatively stay all proceedings
pending appeal. Instead, he ordered a stay of all proceedings pending appeal.
In effect therefore, there was no determination on Mr Tham’s application to
set aside the third registration order. If Khoo J’s decision had been an order
dismissing Mr Tham’s application to set aside the registration and a further
order that pending the outcome of the Malaysian appeal all further proceedings
should be stayed, then there would be nothing more that Mr Tham could say. It
had been within Khoo J’s powers to make such an order as the application had
been for an order in the alternative. That, however, was not what Khoo J had
done here.

13 I did not consider Mr Tham’s second argument because, in my judgment, he
failed on the first one. I considered that in effect Khoo J had upheld the
assistant registrar’s decision to dismiss the application to set aside the
third registration order. It would be noted in the notes of hearing made by
Khoo J on 25 March 1997, his Honour recorded his decision as follows:

Appeal allowed partially. Order in terms of para (ii) of the summons in
chambers.

Paragraph (i) of Mr Tham’s summons in chambers had contained the prayer for
the order registering the Malaysian judgment to be set aside. The assistant
registrar had dismissed the whole application which meant both paragraphs of
the summons were denied. This meant that the registration order stood. As the
appeal was only “allowed partially” what Khoo J was doing was to reverse the
dismissal of the stay application made by para (ii) of the summons. Khoo J did
not order that the third registration order be set aside. Instead, he simply
made an order that granted a stay of further proceedings. His decision
therefore was to maintain the status of the registration but not to allow any
further enforcement proceedings for the time being. This decision was
reflected quite clearly in the order of court which was extracted subsequently
by Mr Tham, notwithstanding the slight ambiguity in para (i) of the order. The
material part of that order read as follows:

(i) the Order of the learned Assistant Registrar Mr Tan Boon Heng which was
given on the 19th day of February 1997 be set aside;

(ii) all proceedings in relation to the Order of High Court of Singapore dated
28th October 1996 insofar as they affect [Mr Tham] be stayed pending the
outcome of applications in Malaysia regarding the enforceability of the
Judgment of the High Court of Malaya at Kuala Lumpur (Commercial Division)
obtained in Civil suit No. C3796 of 1985 and dated the 23rd day of September
1988;

(iii) the costs below and the costs of the Appeal fixed together in the sum of
$4,000 be paid by [the bank] to [Mr Tham].

If the third registration order had been set aside by reason of Khoo J’s
decision to set aside the assistant registrar’s dismissal of Mr Tham’s
application, then it would not have been necessary to grant a stay as there
would have been no proceedings to stay. The reason for the stay must be that
the registration order was effective but, because he was not sure what the
outcome of the Malaysian applications would be, Khoo J regarded it as not
being just and convenient to allow further enforcement action in Singapore in
respect of the Malaysian judgment for the time being. Looking at the grounds
of decision delivered by Khoo J, it is clear that, as the assistant registrar
below observed, Khoo J was against the bank enforcing the Malaysian judgment
_immediately_ , but it is equally clear that he did not consider the
registration to be invalid. He just granted a stay pending the outcome of the
Malaysian appeal. His primary concern was as to the uncertainty of the outcome
of the Malaysian appeal.

14 In these circumstances, as the assistant registrar below recognised, the
proceedings that came before her were really a continuation of the 1997
hearing and the issue was whether it was just and convenient to allow the
Malaysian judgment to be enforced. She decided that it was because, despite
the apparently long delay in enforcing the judgment, the bank had not been
dilatory. The delay had resulted from Mr Tham’s utilisation of his right of
appeal in Malaysia and the stay order. Now that the Malaysian appeal process
had been exhausted, there was no longer any uncertainty and it was just and
convenient that the bank be allowed to perfect the order and enforce the
judgment. I entirely agreed with the assistant registrar’s reasoning. It was
not, in my view, right to keep the bank out of the fruits of its judgment any
longer. Mr Tham had had a full opportunity to contest the judgment and the
decision giving leave to enforce the judgment and since he had failed on those
counts, the bank’s rights must be respected.

15 For the foregoing reasons, I dismissed Mr Tham’s appeal.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 21 May 2007 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

