Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Law Society of Singapore v Seah Li Ming Edwin and Another  
[2007] SGHC 35

Case Number | : | OS 2272/2006, SUM 5913/2006  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 22 March 2007  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Chan Sek Keong CJ; Kan Ting Chiu J; Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Wong Siew Hong (Infinitus Law Corporation) and Ganesh S Ramanathan (Karuppan Chettiar & Partners) for the applicant; Subhas Anandan and Sunil Sudheesan (Harry Elias Partnership) for the respondents   
Parties | : |  Law Society of Singapore — Seah Li Ming Edwin; Teo Kim Soon Danny   
  
Legal Profession – Show cause action – Lawyers acting in conflict of interests
– Lawyers enabling unauthorised person to undertake or carry on legal work at
premises – Whether lawyers' conduct amounting to misconduct unbefitting
advocate and solicitor – Appropriate sentence in light of lawyers' public
service – Sections 83(1), 83(2)(h) Legal Profession Act (Cap 161, 2001 Rev Ed)  
  

22 March 2007 |   
---|---  
  
Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA (delivering the grounds of decision of the court):

Introduction

1**** This was an application by the Law Society of Singapore (“the Law
Society”) pursuant to s 94(1) read with s 98 of the Legal Profession Act (Cap
161, 2001 Rev Ed) (“the Act”) for the respondents to show cause as to why they
should not be dealt with under s 83(2)(_h_) of the Act. Having heard the
submissions of the respective parties, we granted the application at the
conclusion of the hearing and ordered both respondents to be suspended from
practice for a period of 18 months. We now give the detailed grounds for our
decision.

The charges

2**** Four charges were initially preferred against the respondents. These
were subsequently consolidated by the Law Society into two charges, which read
as follows:

First Charge:

That [the respondents], each of them as partners of Messrs Edwin Seah & K S
Teo (“the Firm”), having acted for one Mr Alvin Yeo Ying Bao in or about
September 2003 in relation to a road traffic accident along Sembawang Road on
29th August 2003, thereafter acted for one Mr Nanthakumar Baduil against the
said Mr Alvin Yeo Ying Bao in the same matter while the said Mr Alvin Yeo Ying
Bao was still a client of the Firm, and they have each of them thereby
contravened Rule 31(1) of the Legal Profession (Professional Conduct) Rules
and each of the Respondents are guilty of misconduct unbefitting an Advocate
and Solicitor as an officer of the Supreme Court or as a member of an
honourable profession within the meaning of Section 83(2)(h) of the Legal
Profession Act (Cap. 161).

Second Charge:

That [the respondents], each of them as partners of Messrs Edwin Seah & K S
Teo (“the Firm”) on or about September 2003, knowing that one Mr Alvin Yeo
Ying Bao was to attend at the Firm’s premises with a view to instructing the
Firm to act for the said Mr Alvin Yeo Ying Bao in relation to a road traffic
accident along Sembawang Road on 29th August 2003 and being aware that one Mr
Victor Chew Kia Heng would be present at the meeting, did not attend the said
meeting, thereby leaving the said Mr Alvin Yeo Ying Bao to be attended by the
said Mr Victor Chew Kia Heng, an unauthorized person within the meaning of the
Legal Profession Act (Cap. 161) and thereby enabled the said Mr Victor Chew
Kia Heng to undertake or carry on legal work in the premises of the Firm, to
wit, by interviewing and photographing the said Mr Alvin Yeo Ying Bao, when
the said Mr Victor Chew Kia Heng was not an employee of the Firm nor under the
direct and immediate control of the Respondents, and each of the Respondents
are thereby guilty of misconduct unbefitting an Advocate and Solicitor as an
officer of the Supreme Court or as a member of an honourable profession within
the meaning of Section 83(2)(h) of the Legal Profession Act (Cap. 161).

3  It would be apposite to highlight the salient parts of s 83 of the Act,
which read as follows:

**Power to strike off roll or suspend or censure**

**83.** —(1) All advocates and solicitors shall be subject to the control of
the Supreme Court and shall be liable on due cause shown to be struck off the
roll or suspended from practice for any period not exceeding 5 years or
censured.

(2) Such due cause may be shown by proof that an advocate and solicitor —

…

(_h_) has been guilty of such misconduct unbefitting an advocate and solicitor
as an officer of the Supreme Court or as a member of an honourable profession;

…

The facts

4  The first and second respondents are advocates and solicitors of the
Supreme Court of Singapore of some eight and ten years’ standing,
respectively, at the date of the complaint resulting in the present
proceedings against them. At all material times, both respondents were
partners at M/s Edwin Seah & K S Teo (“the Firm”).

5  At this juncture, it would be convenient to highlight that the respondents
had admitted without qualification all the facts set out in the Law Society’s
statement of facts dated 24 March 2006, the relevant portions of which are
summarised below.

6 The Firm acted for, _inter alia_ , a group of family-owned and managed motor
workshops, which included Southern Motor Pte Ltd (“Southern Motor”). The Firm
represented the workshops’ customers in accident claims involving property
damage and/or personal injury suffered by these customers. Mr Victor Chew Kia
Heng (“Mr Chew”), a representative from the workshops, regularly attended at
the Firm’s premises where he would review the files pertaining to the
workshops’ customers.

7 Mr Alvin Yeo Ying Bao (“the Complainant”) had suffered personal injuries and
consequential losses arising out of a road traffic accident on 29 August 2003
involving his motorcycle and two other vehicles, including another motorcycle.
Following the accident, the Complainant contacted Southern Motor, which
referred the Complainant to the Firm to act for the Complainant in respect of
his claims for personal injuries and for consequential losses, including
damage to his motorcycle, as a result of the said accident.

8 Pursuant to the aforesaid referral, the Complainant visited the Firm in
early September 2003 and was attended to by Mr Chew, who was at the Firm’s
premises attending to and reviewing the workshops’ matters that day. The
respondents were aware that Mr Chew was present, that the Complainant had an
appointment with a view to instructing the Firm, and that Mr Chew might
interact with the Complainant.

9 The respondents were not available and this enabled Mr Chew to proceed to
interview the Complainant and to take instructions from him in the absence of
the respondents. The Complainant narrated the events surrounding the accident
and gave his instructions to Mr Chew, who proceeded to photograph his injuries
after the Complainant agreed to engage the Firm’s services.

10 In a letter to the Complainant dated 10 September 2003 signed by the second
respondent, the Firm confirmed that it was acting for the Complainant in his
claims relating to the said accident against the motorists or the insurers of
the other two vehicles and that it had applied for the relevant documents from
various parties. In a letter to the Complainant’s insurer, Mitsui Sumitomo
Insurance (S) Pte Ltd, dated 15 September 2003, the Firm informed the insurer
that it was acting for the rider of the other motorcycle, one Mr Nanthakumar
Baduil (“Mr Baduil”), in respect of the same aforesaid accident, claiming
damages on behalf of Mr Baduil against the Complainant. The Complainant was
unaware of the Firm’s letter of demand, which was handled by the insurer. On
17 September 2003, the Firm sent a letter to the Complainant discharging
itself from acting for him.

11 On or about 7 October 2003, the first respondent filed a writ of summons on
behalf of Mr Baduil against the Complainant. The Firm served the writ on the
Complainant on or about 9 October 2003. The Complainant then visited the Firm
on or about 10 October 2003, when he was advised by Mr Chew to check with the
Complainant’s insurer. The Complainant then contacted his insurer and it was
only then that he learnt and understood from his insurer that the Firm was
acting for Mr Baduil against him in respect of the accident. The Complainant
felt that he had been prejudiced as he had earlier given his instructions to
Mr Chew, and he subsequently lodged a complaint against the respondents.

The Disciplinary Committee proceedings

12 Based on the above facts, a Disciplinary Committee (“DC”) was appointed
pursuant to s 90 of the Act to hear and investigate the complaints against the
respondents on 5 November 2004.

13 At the hearing before the DC on 11 and 12 August 2005, the respondents
pleaded guilty to the charges (at [2] above) and confirmed that they
understood the nature and consequences of their guilty plea to both charges.
They also admitted without reservation the Law Society’s statement of facts
dated 24 March 2006. The respondents were accordingly found guilty of both
charges and the DC proceeded to determine, under s 93 of the Act, whether
cause of sufficient gravity for disciplinary action existed under s 83 of the
Act.

14 In mitigation, and in relation to the first charge of acting in conflict of
interests, the respondents urged the DC to take account of the fact that the
Firm was then relocating and upgrading its computer systems. Their online
conflict search program was therefore not fully operational, thus precluding a
computerised conflict search. The respondents also claimed to be of the
sincere belief that the Firm could continue acting for Mr Baduil as no
detailed instructions were obtained from the Complainant, and submitted that
their actions were not borne out of dishonesty or reckless disregard of the
Complainant’s interest, but rather out of a genuine belief that they were
doing no wrong.

15 As for the second charge of enabling an unauthorised person to undertake or
carry on legal work at their premises, the respondents admitted they did not
properly supervise the actions of Mr Chew and admitted to their error
unreservedly. However, in mitigation, they urged upon the DC that, without
detracting from the offence, Mr Chew was essentially taking statements of fact
from the Complainant in his role as “instructing client” for the purpose of
instructing the Firm, and that they accordingly felt no need to overly
supervise him.

16 After due consideration of all the facts and circumstances of the case, the
DC concluded that the matters raised in the mitigation plea did not materially
assist the respondents. Considering the first charge, the DC took the view
that the incapacity of the online conflict search program was irrelevant to
the charge and only served to explain why the conflict was not picked up
sooner. Instead, the DC observed the crux of the matter to be the impropriety
of continuing to act for one client after having been in conflict by acting
for both parties in the same contentious matter. The DC expressed some concern
regarding the respondents’ failure to appreciate what should have been the
proper course of action in a conflict situation such as the one that arose.

17 Regarding the second charge, the DC failed to see how the respondents could
reasonably take the view that Mr Chew was the “instructing client”, given that
neither the workshops nor Mr Chew had any legal rights in respect of the claim
to be made. The respondents had failed to ensure proper representation and had
deprived the client of their qualifications and experience. They made no
effort to be present despite being aware that Mr Chew might interact with the
Complainant, who had an appointment with a view to instructing the Firm, and,
moreover, acquiesced in the odd practice of enabling Mr Chew, who was neither
an employee nor a lawyer, to review legal files comprising privileged
information.

18 It was further noted by the DC that the Firm sent out a letter to the
Complainant on 10 September 2003 confirming that it was acting for him,
notwithstanding that the respondents had not even met or taken instructions
personally from the Complainant, who had in effect engaged the Firm through Mr
Chew without even having met the respondents. Finally, the DC astutely
observed that the respondents’ mitigation plea indicated awareness of the
requirement of supervision and yet reflected a conscious decision not to “over
supervise”. In the light of the foregoing, the DC concluded that the
respondents had in effect delegated part of their duties and functions as
lawyers to Mr Chew, who was not an advocate and solicitor, thus constituting a
dereliction of the respondents’ duties as advocates and solicitors to their
client, the Complainant.

19 Consequently, the DC found that cause of sufficient gravity existed for
disciplinary action to be taken against both respondents pursuant to s 83 of
the Act and the present application was taken out accordingly under s 98 of
the Act against the respondents to make absolute an order to show cause.

The respondents’ arguments with regard to sentence

20 In his written submissions on behalf of the respondents, Mr Anandan
reiterated the mitigating factors canvassed before the DC. The unique
circumstances of the case, the lack of antecedents, the lack of premeditation
and the absence of any element of dishonesty were proffered as factors to
support the suggestion of censure as an appropriate penalty. In addition, we
were urged to take into account and to give due weight to the background of
the respondents, which included, _inter alia_ , the following public service
contributions:

(a) The first respondent was a volunteer lawyer with the Criminal Legal Aid
Scheme (“CLAS”) and did his part for the under-privileged whenever the need
arose to do so. He was a founding member of the Association of Criminal
Lawyers of Singapore (“ACLS”), sat on the committee of the ACLS and
contributed greatly to ACLS’s _pro bono_ assistance scheme with the Community
Court in the Subordinate Courts. Besides these contributions in the legal
sphere, the first respondent assisted a Member of Parliament with his “Meet-
The-People” sessions in 2000, and was a member of Singapore’s softball team
from 1988 to 2000.

(b) The second respondent was also a volunteer lawyer with CLAS from 1998 to
2000 and assisted the first respondent in CLAS matters whenever necessary. In
addition, he had been a small claims mediator since 1996 and a mediator with
the Ang Mo Kio Mediation Centre from 1998 to 2001. He had also been approached
to act as a mediator at the Woodlands Community Mediation Centre.

21 Pursuant to the foregoing, and in his oral submissions before us, Mr
Anandan further stressed that the respondents were very remorseful.

22 In so far as the first charge (relating to a conflict of interests) was
concerned, Mr Anandan reiterated that the respondents thought that they were
legally entitled to continue to act on behalf of Mr Baduil and that this was
borne out of a genuine error of judgment rather than a reckless disregard of
the Complainant’s interest. They ought, he further conceded, to have consulted
senior colleagues at the Bar or the Law Society.

23 In so far as the second charge (in relation to enabling an unauthorised
person to practise law) was concerned, Mr Anandan stated that whilst Mr Chew,
as the manager of the workshop, had some legitimate interest, it was wrong for
the respondents to have permitted him (Mr Chew) to act in the way he did and
that the respondents accepted that this was wrong. Mr Anandan further stated
that this was the only instance when such misconduct had taken place.

The appropriate sentence

**_The public interest_**

24 Whilst it is true that the respondents’ misconduct did not in fact result
in any substantive damage or loss and did not relate to a situation as
egregious as that found in other cases (for example, _Law Society of Singapore
v Subbiah Pillai_ [2004] 2 SLR 447, where the lawyer concerned was involved in
a conflict of interests situation twice over and was generally in serious
dereliction of his duties in a great many respects), we are nevertheless
mindful of the _rationale_ underlying the prohibition of such misconduct. In
particular, we are unable to agree with Mr Anandan that the first charge was
slightly less serious than the second. The first charge involved a breach of
the rule proscribing a conflict of interests. The underlying rationale for
such a rule is to ensure that the _trust_ between lawyer and client is not
compromised and that, on the contrary, the confidence of the client is in fact
maintained. There is, indeed, a larger public interest that underscores such a
rule. The legitimacy of the law in general and the confidence of clients in
their lawyers in particular are of fundamental importance and will be
undermined if such a rule is not observed. Indeed, the fact that a client may
feel that he or she is let down or betrayed by his or her lawyer can be very
damaging to the standing of the profession as a whole.

25 The second charge involved the proscription of the practice of law by
unauthorised persons. Here, again, there is a larger public interest in
ensuring that clients receive legal advice only from those duly qualified and
authorised to carry on legal work. And here, too, public confidence in the
legal profession as well as the legal process will be undermined if such
misconduct is permitted. This larger public interest was also compromised by
the respondents’ misconduct in this regard in the present case.

26 In this regard, the following observations by Yong Pung How CJ, delivering
the judgment of this court in  _Law Society of Singapore v Ravindra Samuel_
[1999] 1 SLR 696 at [11]–[12], are particularly apposite:

It is not simply a question of punishing the solicitor concerned. A further
consideration must be what course should the court take to protect the public
and to register its disapproval of the conduct of the solicitor. In the
relevant sense, the protection of the public is not confined to the protection
of the public against further default by the solicitor in question. It extends
also to the protection of the public against similar defaults by other
solicitors through the court publicly marking the seriousness of what the
instant solicitor has done. The orders made must therefore accord with the
seriousness of the default and leave no doubt as to the standards to be
observed by other practitioners. In short, the orders made should not only
have a punitive, but also a deterrent effect.

There are also the interests of the honourable profession to which the
solicitor belongs, and those of the courts themselves, to consider. The
administration of justice can only proceed on the basis that solicitors can
place reliance upon the honesty of the solicitors with whom they deal. The
public too must be able to repose confidence in a profession which plays so
indispensable a part in the administration of justice. Similarly, the courts
of this country must be able to depend on the honesty and integrity of all
practitioners appearing before them and to expect that they will maintain the
highest standards of personal honesty and integrity in their dealings with the
courts.

27 This court has also observed, in _Law Society of Singapore v Ahmad Khalis
bin Abdul Ghani_ [2006] 4 SLR 308 at [5], that:

The _legitimacy_ of the administration of justice in the eyes of the public
cannot be gainsaid. Respect for the law as viewed through the lenses of the
public is an indispensable element in the fabric of the system of justice.
Indeed, the public constitutes the ultimate body of individuals for whose
benefit the law and the legal system exist. To this end, anything which
undermines public confidence in the competence and/or professionalism of
lawyers must not – indeed, cannot – be permitted. [emphasis in original]

28 The respondents’ conduct undoubtedly (and adversely) impacted on the public
interest aspect of the profession and must be duly dealt with by the
imposition of a sanction appropriate to the general and specific elements of
deterrence aforementioned. However, without compromising the public interest
element, this concern with deterrence should as far as practicable be tempered
by due consideration of the mitigating factors unique to the respondents.

**_Mitigating factors_**

29 We note, however, that although their misconduct cannot be condoned, there
was no evidence of dishonesty on the part of the respondents. Indeed, the
respondents were charged under s 83(2)(_h_) of the Act. This is to be
contrasted with a situation where charges are brought under other provisions
in s 83(2) of the Act (for instance, s 83(2)(_b_), which involves far more
serious misconduct and which would traditionally include dishonest conduct
that would, in turn, justify striking the lawyer concerned off the roll).
Indeed, in this court’s decision in  _Law Society of Singapore v Ahmad Khalis
bin Abdul Ghani_ ([27] _supra_), it was observed thus (at [79]):

Turning, now, to s 83(2)(_h_), it will be seen that this particular provision
is even broader than s 83(2)(_b_). As was pointed out by this court in _Law
Society of Singapore v Ng Chee Sing_ [2000] 2 SLR 165 at [40]:

Section 83(2)(h) of the Legal Profession Act is a catch-all provision which
can be invoked when the conduct does not fall within any of the other
enumerated grounds but is nevertheless considered unacceptable. It was stated
in _Law Society of Singapore v Khushvinder Singh Chopra_ [[1999] 4 SLR 775]
that unlike ‘grossly improper conduct’ in s 83(2)(_b_), ‘conduct unbefitting
an advocate and solicitor’ is not confined to misconduct in the solicitor’s
professional capacity but also extends to misconduct in the solicitor’s
personal capacity. It follows that the standard of unbefitting conduct is less
strict and, as stated in _Re Weare_ [1893] 2 QB 439, a solicitor need only be
shown to have been guilty of ‘such conduct as would render him unfit to remain
as a member of an honourable profession’.

Reference may also be made, in this regard, to _Law Society of Singapore v
Arjan Chotrani Bisham_ [2001] 1 SLR 684 at [35].

Reference may also be made to this court’s decision in _Law Society of
Singapore v Chung Ting Fai_ [2006] 4 SLR 587 at [36].

30 The respondents also did not attempt to qualify their guilt (unlike, for
example, the lawyer in _Law Society of Singapore v Subbiah Pillai_ ([24]
_supra_) who, whilst ostensibly pleading guilty at the first available
opportunity, nevertheless attempted to qualify his guilt at several points
before the Disciplinary Committee).

31 We also note the public service rendered by the respondents as enumerated
above. Their contributions to the community in the legal and non-legal sphere
(see above at [20]) are relevant in considering the appropriate sanction to be
meted out to the respondents. As this court observed in _Law Society of
Singapore v Chung Ting Fai_ in the following passages that merit quotation in
full ([29] _supra_ at [39]–[44]):

39 It is our view that public service, in particular, ought, _ceteris paribus_
, to be a mitigating factor. Even if it takes place outside the legal arena
(as it often does), the fact of the matter is that such service tends, as [was
put] recently in _Law Society of Singapore v Ahmad Khalis bin Abdul Ghani_ …
at [86], to be “especially relevant in the light of the fact that they have
enhanced the public well-being and do therefore correspondingly mitigate any
harm that might result to the public interest as a result of the respondent’s
conviction under the [charges concerned]”. That the public interest is of
especial importance in the context of the legal profession is a fact that is
indelibly etched into the legal landscape. …

40 Given the importance of the question of public interest, as just set out
above, it would only be right and fair that any conduct by the lawyer
concerned that had the effect of _enhancing_ the public interest ought also to
be taken into account when deciding the appropriate sanction that should be
imposed on the errant lawyer. Caution should nonetheless be exercised in
considering whether the enhancement of public interest can constitute a
mitigating factor. In order to straddle the competing considerations of the
need to protect the integrity of the legal profession and the weight to be
given to the performance of public good, we are of the view that such factors
can, and should, only be taken into account where doing so would not derogate
from the paramount considerations of the protection of the public and the
preservation of the good name of the profession: see, for example, _Re Knight
Glenn Jeyasingam_ [1994] 3 SLR 531 at 537, [18]. Simply put, this is only a
factor and can indeed be rendered less significant or even nugatory should
other more important factors dictate otherwise.

41 There is a _second_ aspect for taking into account a lawyer’s contributions
_vis-à-vis_ public service when ascertaining whether his or her sanction ought
to be reduced. In a nutshell, such public service is simultaneously evidence
of not only good character on the part of the lawyer concerned but also
evidence of the (positive) potential that resides in him or her. The greater
this good character and, hence, potential, the more likely the court is to
accord a less severe sanction. Again, however, we would reiterate that this
represents but one factor and would only be of probative value in the absence
of other more compelling (negative) factors.

42 Indeed, whilst the first aspect might be said to focus on the positive
consequences emanating _vis-à-vis_ the _external public interest_ , the second
aspect might be said to focus on the positive consequences emanating _vis-à-
vis_ the _internal qualities and potential of the lawyer concerned_.

43 We would add that it would be both artificial as well as unfair to divorce
the contributions of the lawyer concerned in his professional capacity from
those in his extra-legal capacity. Apart from the fact that both types of
contributions are equally important, the fact of the matter is that the law
does not exist in a vacuum. Its very heart – focused as it is on the
attainment of justice and fairness – is inextricably connected with the wider
society. The practice of law, in other words, constitutes an interaction
between the legal and the extra-legal, between the relevant legal rules and
principles and the wider society for which they exist.

44 On a more _general_ level, it is clear that _past_ conduct can – and ought
– to be taken into account in order to determine what order should be made:
see _Law Society of Singapore v Ong Ying Ping_ [[2005] 3 SLR 583] at
[70]–[71], applied in _Law Society of Singapore v Ahmad Khalis bin Abdul
Ghani_ ... at [89].

[emphasis in original]

**_The type of sanction to be meted out_**

32 In so far as guidance as to the specific sanction to be administered is
concerned, the following (and oft-cited) guidance furnished by Sir Thomas
Bingham MR (as he then was) in the English decision of _Bolton v Law Society_
[1994] 1 WLR 512 at 518 is apposite:

Any solicitor who is shown to have discharged his professional duties with
anything less than complete integrity, probity and trustworthiness must expect
severe sanctions to be imposed upon him … Lapses from the required high
standard may, of course, _take different forms and be of varying degrees_. The
_most serious_ involves _proven dishonesty, whether or not_ leading to
criminal proceedings and criminal penalties. In such cases the tribunal has
_almost invariably, no matter how strong the mitigation advanced for the
solicitor, ordered that he be struck off the Roll of Solicitors_. Only
infrequently, particularly in recent years, has it been willing to order the
restoration to the Roll of a solicitor against whom _serious dishonesty_ had
been established, even after a passage of years, and even where the solicitor
had made every effort to re-establish himself and redeem his reputation. _If a
solicitor is not shown to have acted dishonestly, but is shown to have fallen
below the required standards of integrity, probity and trustworthiness, his
lapse is less serious but it remains very serious indeed in a member of a
profession whose reputation depends upon trust. A striking off order will not
necessarily follow in such a case, but it may well. The decision whether to
strike off or to suspend will often involve a fine and difficult exercise of
judgment, to be made by the tribunal as an informed and expert body on all the
facts of the case. Only in a very unusual and venial case of this kind would
the tribunal be likely to regard as appropriate any order less severe than one
of suspension._ [emphasis added]

33 Given the fact (as was noted at [29] above) that there was no evidence of
dishonesty, that the charges against the respondents were brought under s
83(2)(_h_) of the Act as well as the pertinent observations just quoted, it is
our view that it would not be appropriate to strike the respondents off the
roll. However, we cannot agree with Mr Anandan that the appropriate remedy is
a mere censure – especially taking into account the considerations _vis-à-vis_
the public interest noted above (at [24]–[28]). We agree with Mr Wong Siew
Hong, counsel for the Law Society, that the appropriate sentence should be a
period of suspension from practice.

34 Indeed, these proceedings constitute a stark reminder of the expense and
trouble that arise from adopting a lax view of the strict ethical codes of
conduct that govern the legal profession and provide a timely reminder to
practising lawyers to familiarise themselves with the basic rules of
professional conduct, as well as to either seek counsel or to err on the side
of caution when in doubt.

Conclusion

35**** For the reasons set out above and after having taken all the relevant
factors into account, we deemed it to be appropriate to order that each of the
respondents be suspended from practice for a period of 18 months and that they
bear the costs of these proceedings which are to be either agreed or taxed.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 22 Mar 2007 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

