Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Wong Keng Leong Rayney v Law Society of Singapore  
[2007] SGCA 42

Case Number | : | CA 69/2006  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 06 September 2007  
Tribunal/Court | : | Court of Appeal  
Coram | : |  Chan Sek Keong CJ; Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA; Tan Lee Meng J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  N Sreenivasan (Straits Law Practice LLC) for the appellant; Michael Hwang SC and Desmond Ang (Michael Hwang) for the respondent   
Parties | : |  Wong Keng Leong Rayney — Law Society of Singapore   
  
Administrative Law – Disciplinary proceedings – Whether misconduct of private
non-state agent in procuring incriminating evidence against professional
person compromising integrity of disciplinary process – Whether doctrine of
abuse of process applicable to disciplinary proceedings – Sections 415, 511
Penal Code (Cap 224, 1985 Rev Ed)  
  
Evidence – Admissibility of evidence – Whether evidence entrapment or
illegally obtained  
  
Legal Profession – Disciplinary procedures – Whether evidence inadmissible
because illegally or improperly obtained – Whether motive of law firm
instigating sting operation relevant  
  
Legal Profession – Professional conduct – Breach – Lawyer paying referral fee
to estate agent in fictitious conveyancing transaction – Sections 83(2)(d),
83(2)(e), 83(2)(h) Legal Profession Act (Cap 161, 2001 Rev Ed) – Rule
11A(2)(b) Legal Profession (Professional Conduct) Rules (Cap 161, R 1, 2000
Rev Ed)  
  

6 September 2007 |  Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Chan Sek Keong CJ (delivering the judgment of the court):

**Introduction**

1 This is an appeal by Rayney Wong Keng Leong (“the appellant”) against the
decision of V K Rajah J (as he then was) (“the Judge”) dismissing his
application for leave to apply for judicial review of certain decisions of the
disciplinary committee (“the DC”) appointed by the Law Society of Singapore
(“the Law Society”) in the course of hearing two sets of disciplinary charges
against the appellant under the Legal Profession Act (Cap 161, 2001 Rev Ed)
(“the Act”). This appeal involves issues of fact and law and important issues
of policy in relation to our criminal justice system.

2 The DC proceedings arose from one in a series of sting operations mounted
against eight to ten law firms suspected of paying referral fees in cash or in
kind to estate agents for referring conveyancing business to them. In the
present case, the appellant, who was ensnared in one of the operations, has
alleged that the operation was mounted by a particular law firm (“the
instructing solicitor”). The resulting disciplinary charges brought against
him were for: (a) promising to pay to the estate agent, one Jenny Lee Pei
Chuan (“Jenny”), a referral fee for agreeing to introduce a conveyancing
transaction to him; and (b) paying Jenny a referral fee after it was aborted.

**Background**

**_The charge_**

3 The relevant facts of this case are set out in _Wong Keng Leong Rayney v Law
Society of Singapore_ [2006] 4 SLR 934 (“ _Rayney Wong_ ”). Briefly, the
appellant is an advocate and solicitor of about 22 years’ seniority and a
partner in a law firm. The Law Society, upon receiving a complaint from Jenny
that the appellant had paid her a fee with respect to a conveyancing
transaction, referred it to an inquiry committee (“the IC”) which, after due
inquiry, found that there was a _prima facie_ case for a formal investigation
and referred the matter to the DC. The following charges were made against the
appellant:

(a) attempting to procure the employment of his firm to act in relation to the
proposed purchase by the fictitious purchaser, through the instructions of
Jenny, to whom he had promised to pay a referral fee, in breach of s
83(2)(_e_) of the Act; or alternatively in breach of s 83(2)(_h_) of the Act;
and

(b) giving to Jenny as gratification the sum of $150 out of $500 received by
him as legal fees for legal work undertaken in relation to the proposed
purchase by the fictitious purchaser, in breach of s 83(2)(_d_) of the Act; or
alternatively in breach of s 83(2)(_h_) of the Act.

**_The Disciplinary Committee hearing and findings_**

_The Law Society’s case_

4 In the DC proceedings, the Law Society’s main witness was Jenny. She
testified on how the arrangement for the payment came about. She had
telephoned the appellant to ask whether he would be prepared to act for a
purchaser in a conveyancing transaction. They subsequently met in his office
when the appellant agreed to act for the purchaser. The purchaser was a
fictitious person as he was invented by Jenny, although there was a real
vendor and the property, the subject matter of the transaction, had been
advertised for sale. The appellant carried out the preliminary legal work in
the form of searches and requisitions. At a second meeting with the appellant,
Jenny informed him that the sale was aborted. She paid him $500 for work done,
and he then paid her $150 as reimbursement for her expenses. Unbeknown to the
appellant, Jenny had surreptitiously recorded their conversations at both
meetings (“the audio recordings”).

5 The Law Society tendered as evidence the audio recordings, together with
copies of the transcripts. The appellant did not object to Jenny’s testimony
on how she succeeded in getting the appellant to agree to pay her a referral
fee or to the admission of the audio recordings (and the related transcripts).
For reasons which will become clear later, we will, in this judgment, refer to
this collection of evidence as “the impugned evidence”. In the course of the
hearing, the appellant applied to the DC for an order to direct Jenny’s
employer to disclose the identity of the instructing solicitor so that he
could be cross-examined on his motive in “entrapping” the appellant. The
appellant alleged that the instructing solicitor had mounted the operation
against him and the other lawyers with an improper motive, _viz_ , to
eliminate the competition in order to increase his own conveyancing work. The
DC rejected the application on the ground that the motive of the instructing
solicitor was irrelevant to the conduct of the appellant in relation to the
disciplinary charges against him.

_The appellant’s case_

6 At the conclusion of the Law Society’s case, counsel for the appellant
submitted that the appellant had no case to answer on the ground that the
impugned evidence had been wrongly admitted as it was obtained illegally by
Jenny, and that but for such evidence the appellant had no case to answer.
Counsel contended that Jenny had committed two offences in the course of
procuring the impugned evidence. Firstly, she had deceived the appellant into
believing that the purchase transaction was a genuine transaction, and thereby
caused or instigated him into agreeing to pay, and subsequently paying, a
referral fee to her. In the circumstances, she had committed the offence of
cheating under s 415 of the Penal Code (Cap 224, 1985 Rev Ed). Secondly, by so
acting, Jenny had abetted the appellant in committing a breach of r
11A(2)(_b_) of the Legal Profession (Professional Conduct) Rules (Cap 161, R
1, 2000 Rev Ed).

_The Disciplinary Committee’s findings_

7 The DC dismissed the appellant’s arguments and held that (a) under the law
there was no discretion to exclude the impugned evidence, even if it had been
illegally obtained unless its prejudicial effect outweighed its probative
value; (b) the impugned evidence was not illegally obtained as Jenny had not
committed any offence in the course of obtaining it; and (c) the appellant’s
agreement to pay, and the payment of, the referral fee were made voluntarily.
The DC accordingly called upon the appellant to enter his defence.

8 Dissatisfied with the DC’s rulings, the appellant applied to the High Court
for leave to apply for judicial review and the following orders: (a) an order
to quash the decision of the DC and to stay the DC proceedings permanently;
(b) an order to quash the DC’s rulings that: (i) the impugned evidence was not
illegally obtained; (ii) the impugned evidence was admissible in evidence; and
(iii) the identity of the instructing solicitor was not subject to disclosure
to the appellant.

**Proceedings in the High Court**

9 The broad issues of law canvassed before the High Court were as follows:

(a) whether the application for judicial review was premature;

(b) whether the subject matter of the application was amenable to judicial
review;

(c) whether the DC had erred in law in admitting the impugned evidence, and if
so, whether further proceedings should be permanently stayed.

**_Decision of the Judge_**

10 The Judge heard full arguments from the appellant and the Law Society on
the procedural and the substantive issues. He dismissed the leave application
on the ground that it was premature. He held that the application should only
have been brought after the DC had decided that the appellant’s misconduct was
of sufficient gravity to be referred to the court of three judges.

11 Even though the substantive issues on the law became irrelevant as a result
of his decision that the leave application was premature, the Judge
nevertheless gave his views on the legal issues as follows:

(a) The DC did not err in law in admitting the impugned evidence as this court
in _How Poh Sun v PP_ [1991] SLR 220 (“ _How Poh Sun_ ”) held, applying the
House of Lords’ decision in _Regina v Sang_ [1980] AC 402 (“ _Sang_ ”), that
courts had no discretion in general to reject evidence that was illegally or
improperly obtained.

(b) Jenny had not committed any offence in procuring the impugned evidence.

(c) The DC was correct in refusing to order the disclosure of the identity of
the instructing solicitor as his motive in initiating the operation against
the appellant was irrelevant to the latter’s conduct.

**The issues before this court**

12 The main issues raised by the appellant in this appeal are as follows:

(a) whether the application for judicial review was premature;

(b) whether the DC was wrong in law in finding that the impugned evidence was
not illegally or improperly obtained; and

(c) whether, if the impugned evidence were illegally or improperly obtained,
it was admissible in disciplinary proceedings.

13 The related legal issues arising from the third main issue that were
canvassed by the appellant are as follows:

(a) whether _How Poh Sun_ should be followed by this court, having regard to
the recent decision of the House of Lords in _Regina v Looseley_ [2001] 1 WLR
2060 (“ _Looseley_ ”) which declined to apply _Sang_ and held that entrapment
was an abuse of process and the consequent prosecution should be stayed;

(b) whether the law, as stated in _SM Summit Holdings Ltd v PP_ [1997] 3 SLR
922 (“ _Summit_ ”), that illegally obtained evidence procured by a preceding
unlawful act by a state party is inadmissible as evidence (“the _Summit_
exception”) is consistent with _How Poh Sun_ , and, if so, whether it should
be applied in the present case; and

(c) whether this court should stay the disciplinary proceedings by analogy to
an abuse of process under _Looseley_ on the ground that Jenny’s conduct in
breaking the law to entrap the appellant was an abuse of the disciplinary
process.

14 In this judgment, we will consider the procedural issue and the question as
to whether Jenny had committed any offence in getting the appellant to agree
to pay, and to pay, her a referral fee, and whether such conduct amounted to
entrapment. For reasons which we will give later, we will not be addressing
the other issues relating to the admissibility of the impugned evidence.

**_The issue of prematurity in judicial review_**

15 It is a well-established principle that the decisions of inquiry committees
and disciplinary committees, like those of all other subordinate tribunals in
Singapore, are subject to judicial review: see _Re Singh Kalpanath_ [1992] 2
SLR 639; _Re Shankar Alan s/o Anant Kulkarni_ [2007] 1 SLR 85. However, the
novel feature in the present case, unlike in the two cases referred to, is
that the subject matter of the appellant’s application is an interlocutory and
not a final decision. The Judge dismissed the leave application for judicial
review on the ground that it was premature as the DC’s interlocutory decision
did not have a substantial effect on the appellant. The Judge held that the
appellant should have waited until the DC had decided that the disciplinary
charges were of sufficient gravity to be referred to the court of three
judges. Until then, it could not be said that the DC’s interlocutory decision
had a substantial adverse effect on him. In reaching his conclusion, the Judge
followed the general approach of the English courts (in _Regina v Association
of Futures Brokers and Dealers Ltd, ex parte Mordens Ltd_ (1991) 3 Admin LR
254 _per_ McCollough J at 263) that:

[I]t is only in the most exceptional circumstances that the court will grant
judicial review of a decision taken during the course of a hearing, by a body
amenable to the court’s supervisory jurisdiction, before that hearing has been
concluded.

He also accepted (see _Rayney Wong_ ([3] _supra_) at [18]) the policy reasons
for discouraging premature challenges to administrative decisions as
summarised in Clive Lewis, _Judicial Remedies in Public Law_ (Sweet & Maxwell,
3rd Ed, 2004) at para 11-016 as follows:

There are strong arguments against allowing premature challenges. The error
might be corrected during the decision-making process, or the error might not
affect the final decision or the individual might not be dissatisfied with the
final decision. It could be a waste of judicial time to review preliminary
decisions rather than awaiting the final decision. Challenges to preliminary
decisions may provide a way to circumvent an appeals process. An appeal may
only be available against a final decision not a preliminary or interlocutory
decision, and it may be preferable to insist upon the individual appealing
against the final decision relying on the preliminary error as a ground for
overturning the decision rather than challenging the preliminary decision
itself.

16 It is difficult to disagree with the logic of the Judge’s reasoning that
until the DC decides that the disciplinary charges are of sufficient gravity
to be referred to the court of three judges, it cannot be said that calling on
the appellant to enter his defence has an adverse effect on him. If the
appellant elects to give evidence, he may or may not be able to convince the
DC that the Law Society has not proved its case against him. We just do not
know what the outcome would be as he has not given his version of the events
that took place between him and Jenny.

17 However, the appellant’s argument is that whatever the final determination
of the DC may be, it is irrelevant because the DC’s decision calling upon him
to enter his defence is an error of law that has a substantial effect on him.
It is an error of law because it is based on the impugned evidence, which is
inadmissible in law. It has a substantial effect on him because (a) but for
such evidence, the DC would have no basis to call for his defence since there
was no other evidence to support the disciplinary charges preferred against
him; (b) the DC’s decision has wrongly shifted the evidential burden onto the
appellant, and would deprive him, as an accused person, of the presumption of
innocence; and (c) if he elects not to enter his defence, he is likely to be
found guilty of the disciplinary charges against him.

_Substantial effect of defence being called_

18 In support of his argument on substantial effect, counsel for the appellant
relies on the test propounded by Jack Beatson, “Prematurity and Ripeness for
Review” in _The Golden Metwand and the Crooked Cord, Essays on Public Law in
Honour of Sir William Wade QC_ (Christopher Forsyth & Ivan Hare eds)
(Clarendon Press, 1998) and which was accepted by the Judge (at [20] of his
judgment) as suggesting that where there is an error of law in making an
interlocutory decision which has a “substantial effect”, an exception to the
prematurity concept, and hence a quashing order, may be made.

_Meaning and effect of error of law in the DC’s decision_

19 In support of his argument on error of law, he relies on the following
statement of Lord Cooke of Thorndon in _Regina v Bedwellty Justices, Ex parte
Williams_ [1997] AC 225 (“ _Ex parte Williams_ ”), at 233, as follows:

To convict or commit for trial without any admissible evidence of guilt is to
fall into an error of law. As to the availability of certiorari to quash a
committal for such an error, I understood at the end of the arguments that all
your Lordships were satisfied that in principle the remedy is available and
that the only issue presenting any difficulty relates to the exercise of the
court’s discretion.

In _Ex parte Williams,_ the House of Lords drew a distinction between a case
of inadmissibility of evidence and one of insufficiency of evidence, applying
its previous decision in _Neill v North Antrim Magistrates’ Court_ [1992] 1
WLR 1220. In the former case, there would be an error of law which is amenable
to judicial review, but not in the latter case. Counsel for the appellant
contends that the present case concerns the wrongful admission of inadmissible
evidence, which is an error of law that is amenable to judicial review.

20 In _Ex parte Williams_ , the applicant, the co-defendants and certain
witnesses were committed to trial for conspiracy to pervert the course of
justice. The applicant contested the committal, but the other defendants did
not. The justices did not hear oral evidence against the applicant but, after
being shown transcripts of police interviews in which the other defendants had
admitted to the conspiracy and implicated the applicant, the justices
committed him for trial. On the applicant’s motion for judicial review to
quash the committal, the Divisional Court held that although there had been no
admissible evidence before the justices on which the applicant could properly
have been committed, it was not the practice of the Divisional Court to
exercise its discretion to order _certiorari_ to quash a committal on the
ground of inadmissibility of evidence or insufficiency of evidence. The motion
was accordingly dismissed. The applicant’s appeal to the House of Lords was
allowed. Their Lordships held that although _certiorari_ was at the discretion
of the court, it would normally follow in instances where there had been no
admissible evidence before the justices of the defendant’s guilt or where the
committal had been so influenced by inadmissible evidence as to amount to an
irregularity having substantial adverse consequences for the defendant, and
the review court would be slow to interfere on a complaint that the evidence
had been admissible but insufficient, which would be more appropriately dealt
with at the trial.

_Assumptions underlying the appellant’s argument against prematurity_

21 The appellant’s argument that the leave application is not premature rests
on a number of factual, legal and policy premises, all of which, in his
counsel’s submission, can be demonstrated as supportable on the evidence
before the DC and the law applicable in Singapore or as developed in England.
The first premise (which is one of mixed fact and law) is that the impugned
evidence is entrapment evidence or is evidence that has been illegally or
improperly obtained under Singapore law. The legal premise is that the
_Summit_ exception ([13] _supra_) is not inconsistent with _Sang_ ([11]
_supra_) and that it applies to the impugned evidence, thereby rendering it
inadmissible as evidence. The first policy premise is that _Looseley_ ([13]
_supra_) should be applied in Singapore and that _Summit_ , whether or not
inconsistent with _Sang_ , should be affirmed by this court, and the second
policy premise is that if the first policy premise is substantiated, then the
law applicable to criminal proceedings should be applied to disciplinary
proceedings.

22 If _all of these premises (or assumptions)_ are made good, it may then be
said that where there is entrapment, any prosecution founded on it would be
stayed as an abuse of process and where the evidence is illegally obtained in
the manner disapproved of in _Summit_ , the evidence would be excluded.
However, if the first premise of mixed fact and law (that there was entrapment
or that the impugned evidence was illegally obtained) is not substantiated,
then the appellant’s appeal fails as there would be no factual basis upon
which to even consider what the law is in relation to entrapment or illegally
obtained evidence.

23 In our view, given the basis on which this appeal has been argued, it is
not necessary for this court to consider whether the leave application is
premature, interesting as this legal issue may be in this developing area of
the law on judicial review. The Judge has provided an extensive survey of the
developments in England and we do not propose to traverse the same ground
again. We must now proceed to determine whether the impugned evidence was
entrapment or illegally obtained evidence.

**_Was the impugned evidence entrapment or illegally obtained evidence?_**

24 Before we address this question, it is necessary that we provide a brief
account of the legal matrix that forms the backdrop to the question and in
which the appellant has made his two alternative legal arguments bearing on
the impugned evidence. The first argument is that it was illegally obtained,
and is therefore inadmissible under the _Summit_ exception, which the High
Court has carved out from _Sang_. The second is that it was obtained by
entrapment and as such would be an abuse of the disciplinary process,
requiring this court to respond by staying the DC proceedings. In _Looseley_ ,
the House of Lords ruled that state-directed entrapment, for the purpose of
prosecuting a person who might not have otherwise committed the offence, was
an abuse of process requiring the court to stay the proceedings. The appellant
argues that the disciplinary process should be accorded the same recognition
as the judicial process in relation to abuse of process. Moreover, in _Summit_
, the High Court held that the principle against the admissibility of
illegally obtained evidence applicable in public prosecutions was also
applicable to private prosecutions.

25 In _Summit_ , the High Court did not make an explicit finding that there
was entrapment by the private investigator, although the court expressly
distinguished _Sang_ on the basis that in _Sang_ the police conduct had merely
induced (_ie_ , in the sense of having provided the opportunity to) the
accused person to commit the offence, whereas in _Summit_ the unlawful conduct
of the private investigator was an essential ingredient of the charged
offence: see [52] of _Summit_. The way in which _Sang_ was distinguished does
not seem to imply that what the private investigator did was entrapment (as
defined in _Looseley_). It would appear that no instigation or inducement is
necessary so long as the preceding conduct is unlawful and is an essential
ingredient of the charged offence. Nevertheless, in this appeal, we will
proceed on the basis that counsel for the appellant relies on both grounds,
_ie_ , entrapment and illegally obtained evidence.

_Distinction between “entrapment evidence” and “illegally obtained evidence”_

26 It should be noted that in the formulations of the applicable principles in
some of the cases we have referred to, the courts have not explicitly drawn a
distinction between entrapment evidence and illegally or improperly obtained
evidence. For example:

(a) In _Kuruma, son of Kaniu v The Queen_ [1955] AC 197 (“ _Kuruma_ ”), the
Privy Council was concerned with evidence obtained in the course of and by
means of an unlawful act (_ie_ , an illegal search). No issue of instigation
or inducement arose in that case.

(b) In _Cheng Swee Tiang v PP_ [1964] MLJ 291, the High Court (comprising
three judges) dealt with the case as one concerning illegally obtained
evidence, although the police had a valid search warrant to search the
accused’s premises. However, the police search was preceded by the action of
another police officer who had bought from the accused bets on what was known
as a 10,000 character lottery (which was illegal). The court did not use the
expression “entrapment” but did refer to illegally obtained evidence and
evidence obtained by an _agent provocateur_.

(c) In _Sang_ , the defence of the accused was that he had been “entrapped” by
a police informer, but the House of Lords held that entrapment (in the full
sense of persuading someone to commit an offence which he would not otherwise
have committed) was not a defence under English law and that this principle
could not “be evaded by the procedural device of preventing the prosecution
from adducing evidence of the commission of the offence” (_per_ Lord Diplock
at 432). However, the ruling given by the House of Lords was that the court
had “no discretion to refuse to admit relevant admissible evidence on the
ground that it was obtained by _improper or unfair means_ ” [emphasis added]
(_per_ Lord Diplock at 437)_._ The word “improper” would include what is
unlawful and also “entrapment” in its full sense, but given the breadth of the
principle, it was not necessary to distinguish between different kinds of
improper conduct.

(d) _Ajmer Singh v PP_ [1986] SLR 454 (“ _Ajmer Singh_ ”) was a case of
illegally obtained evidence (the doctor took a blood specimen from the accused
without his consent as required by the relevant legislation) and had nothing
to do with entrapment.

(e) In _How Poh Sun_ ([11] _supra_), the Court of Appeal held that entrapment
was not a substantive defence to a criminal charge. The court also applied
Lord Diplock’s formulation of the law in _Sang_ , but did not rule on whether
or not the evidence procured by the narcotics officer was or was not
entrapment evidence. The court appeared to have assumed that any evidence
obtained by an _agent provocateur_ was entrapment evidence. Similarly, in the
three subsequent decisions, _viz_ , _Goh Lai Wak v PP_ [1994] 1 SLR 748, _PP v
Rozman bin Jusoh_ [1995] 3 SLR 317 and _Amran bin Eusuff v PP_ [2002] SGCA 20,
the Court of Appeal in each case merely referred to its decision in _How Poh
Sun_ , without making clear whether it was dealing with a case of entrapment
evidence or one of illegally obtained evidence.

(f) In _Summit_ , the High Court found that the evidence against the alleged
copyright infringer was illegally obtained (the private investigator committed
an offence prior to causing the applicant to commit the copyright and trade
mark offences), but made no explicit finding as to whether there was
entrapment, although it reiterated the law in Singapore that entrapment was
not a substantive defence.

(g) In _Looseley_ , the House of Lords held that although entrapment was not a
substantive defence to a criminal charge, it was an abuse of process which
merited a stay of the proceedings. Lord Hoffmann said at [48] that the
objection to entrapment evidence was that the state should not instigate the
commission of criminal offences in order to punish the offenders. The focus of
the judgments in _Looseley_ was directed more at the unacceptable conduct of a
state agent in instigating the defendant to commit the offence rather than on
the criminal conduct of the defendant.

27 Although the Judge has observed at [47] of his judgment that in some of
these cases, “entrapment is examined as part of the broader category of
‘illegally or improperly obtained evidence’”, we are of the view that it would
conduce to greater clarity in the analysis of the policy considerations
underpinning the relevant decisions if a clear distinction is drawn between
the nature of entrapment evidence and that of illegally or improperly obtained
evidence, although the two categories overlap in certain cases. “Entrapment”
involves luring or instigating the defendant to commit an offence which
otherwise, or in ordinary circumstances, he would not have committed, in order
to prosecute him. Entrapment invariably entails unlawful conduct by an _agent
provocateur_ , in the form of abetment of the offence by instigation or
intentionally aiding the defendant to commit the offence (see s 107 of the
Penal Code). However, obtaining evidence illegally or improperly does not
necessarily involve any instigation or inducement on the part of the agent:
see _Kuruma_ and _Ajmer Singh._ As we have mentioned earlier, when Lord
Diplock used the expression “improper or unfair means” in stating the law in
_Sang_ , he was using it in the context of an argument based on entrapment:
see 437 of _Sang_. We know of no principle which states that evidence that has
been procured improperly or unfairly in order to prosecute offenders but which
is not procured unlawfully is an abuse of process or that it is inadmissible
in evidence, except when there would be unfairness at the trial in terms of
its prejudicial effect exceeding its probative value. In this connection,
neither counsel addressed this court on the admissibility provisions in the
Evidence Act (Cap 97, 1997 Rev Ed) and the relevance of the legislative policy
underlying these provisions. In our view, these issues are relevant but it
would be more convenient for the court of three judges to consider this
question in the case of _Law Society of Singapore v Tan Guat Neo Phyllis_
Originating Summons No 2386 of 2006 (“ _Phyllis Tan_ ”)_._

28 In _Looseley_ , Lord Nicholls of Birkenhead at [1] defined state-directed
“entrapment” generally as the process whereby “the state through its agents …
lure[s] its citizens into committing acts forbidden by the law and then
seek[s] to prosecute them for doing so”. Lord Hoffmann at [36] defined it as
follows:

Entrapment occurs when an agent of the state – usually a law enforcement
officer or a controlled informer – causes someone to commit an offence in
order that he should be prosecuted.

The objection against such action is that such conduct may trap the unwary
innocent into committing an offence. The other objection is that the state
should not commit offences as it is contrary to the rule of law, and may also
lead to the creation of more offences, which is contrary to the public
interest. For present purposes, we shall use the expressions “entrapment” and
“entrapment evidence” in the way as defined by Lord Nicholls and Lord Hoffmann
in _Looseley_ (but bearing in mind “luring” and “causing” usually involve the
accused being “incited, instigated, persuaded, pressurised or wheedled” into
committing the offence (see Lord Bingham of Cornhill CJ in _Nottingham City
Council v Amin_ [2000] 1 WLR 1071 at 1076–1077), to distinguish entrapment
evidence from evidence illegally or improperly obtained where there is no
element of instigation.

29 The Law Society disagrees with all the premises on which the appellant has
based his appeal. It takes the view that Jenny’s conduct did not amount to
entrapment nor was the impugned evidence illegally obtained. It also takes the
view that in any case _Looseley_ is not law in Singapore and that _Sang_
remains the law and that _Summit_ , even if upheld by this court, has no
application to the facts in this case. The Law Society argues that Jenny had
merely given an opportunity to the appellant to offer her a referral fee as
opposed to having caused him to make the offer, and/or, subsequently, to pay
the referral fee. As found by the DC, the appellant did what he did
“voluntarily”, and the appellant would have done the same thing if any other
estate agent had approached him with a genuine offer of referral work. On the
issue of illegality, the DC also found that Jenny’s conduct was not cheating
under the Penal Code as alleged by the appellant, and was therefore lawful.
The Law Society contends that the _Summit_ exception is contrary to the
authority of _Sang_ , and that in any case _Summit_ has no application to the
facts in the present case. It further argues that the abuse of process
doctrine in _Looseley_ does not and should not apply to disciplinary
proceedings as it is directed against abuse of executive power (which
undermines the rule of law and the integrity of the judicial process).
Finally, the Law Society argues that there could be no abuse of process in the
present case as it was merely discharging its statutory duty in bringing
disciplinary charges against the appellant on the recommendations of the IC.

_Sub-issues before this court_

30 The sub-issues raised in argument on the question of entrapment in this
appeal may be summarised as follows:

(a) whether there was entrapment, _ie_ , whether Jenny “can be said to have
caused the commission of the [disciplinary] offence, rather than merely
providing an opportunity for the [appellant] to commit it” (see Lord Hoffmann
in _Looseley_ at [50] and [70]);

(b) whether Jenny had committed any offence in inducing the appellant to agree
to pay and/or to pay the referral fee; and if so,

(c) whether it falls within the _Summit_ exception; and if so,

(d) whether, as a matter of policy, we should affirm _Summit_ and/or apply
_Looseley_ and reject _Sang_ ; and

(e) when is entrapment an abuse of process?

(1) Was there entrapment?

31 In our view, the first issue can be easily disposed of. The DC has found as
a fact that the appellant had promised to pay the referral fee and
subsequently carried out his promise by doing so “voluntarily”, _ie_ , the
appellant was not instigated or coaxed by Jenny into agreeing to pay the
referral fee. Further, the DC also found as a fact that the appellant would
have done what he did had the fictitious purchase transaction been a genuine
transaction. In other words, the operative cause of his agreement to pay the
referral fee was not that he was led to believe that the purchase transaction
was real, but because he was predisposed or ready and willing to pay for any
referral work that Jenny would introduce to him. We agree entirely with the
DC’s finding on this point. Jenny did not have to entrap the appellant to
agree to pay the referral fee as the appellant was ready and willing to pay it
to whomsoever referred conveyancing work to him.

(2) Has Jenny committed any offences in procuring the evidence against the
appellant?

32 We consider next whether Jenny has committed the offence of cheating or
attempted cheating as alleged by the appellant. In the present case, the
appellant is facing two sets of disciplinary charges under the Act. The first
charge relates to the appellant’s promise to pay a fee to Jenny for agreeing
to refer conveyancing work to him. The second charge relates to the sharing of
legal fees with Jenny.

(A) CHEATING AND ATTEMPTED CHEATING UNDER SECTION 415, PENAL CODE

33 With respect to the first charge, counsel for the appellant argues that
Jenny’s conduct amounted to attempted cheating under s 415, read with s 511,
of the Penal Code. Section 415 provides as follows:

Whoever, by deceiving any person, fraudulently or dishonestly induces the
person so deceived to deliver any property to any person, or to consent that
any person shall retain any property, or intentionally induces the person so
deceived to do or omit to do anything which he would not do or omit if he were
not so deceived, and which act or omission causes or is likely to cause damage
or harm to that person in body, mind, reputation or property, is said to
“cheat”.

It should be noted that at the DC hearing and before the Judge, the appellant
had advanced a different argument, _ie_ , that Jenny’s conduct amounted to
cheating under s 415 of the Penal Code. The DC rejected this submission on the
ground that Jenny’s deception did not cause the appellant to agree to pay or
to pay Jenny the referral fee for the reason that he would have done exactly
the same thing if the purchase transaction had been genuine. In other words,
the appellant was ready and willing to pay referral fees if a real
conveyancing transaction had been referred to him by any estate agent. The
Judge accepted the DC’s “very lucid and compelling analysis” in coming to this
finding of fact and affirmed the DC’s finding on this point (_Rayney Wong_ at
[70]).

34 It is now argued before us that this was a case of attempted cheating.
However, counsel has not been able to explain why Jenny’s conduct constituted
attempted cheating rather than cheating. The elements of cheating, in terms of
s 415 of the Penal Code, would be the deception by Jenny (that there was a
genuine purchase transaction when there was none) and the appellant having
acted on the deception (agreeing to pay and paying the referral fee) which he
would not have done had he known that there was no genuine purchase
transaction and which had caused him harm (the disciplinary charges). On the
evidence on record, these essential elements of the offence of cheating are
all present. Therefore, if Jenny had committed an offence, it had to be the
substantive offence of cheating and not the offence of attempted cheating. Her
conduct had gone beyond the stage of an attempt.

35 It is obvious that if the appellant had known that Jenny’s offer of
referral work was merely a ploy to get him to commit a disciplinary offence,
he would not have responded by agreeing to give a referral fee. In that sense
he was deceived into making the promise. But the DC found that the appellant
would have acted in exactly the same way if Jenny had introduced a genuine
conveyancing transaction to him. In the context of professional ethics, the
appellant’s agreement is in substance no different from an ordinary case of
touting for future work. It is unethical for a lawyer to enter into an
agreement with a person to tout for the lawyer. The essence of the appellant’s
misconduct is in his promise to pay the referral fee and/or the carrying out
of his promise. It had nothing to do with the existence or otherwise of the
conveyancing work that was promised him when he made his promise to pay the
referral fee. In any event, the evidence shows that the appellant had acted on
the basis that the purchase transaction was genuine. He accepted payment of
$500 for work done by him and he demonstrated his intention to break the code
of conduct applicable to him by paying $150 to Jenny as her referral fee. The
payment of the referral fee confirms the DC’s findings that he certainly would
have acted in exactly the same way if the purchase transaction had been
genuine.

36 In our view, counsel’s new argument that this was a case of attempted
cheating has no substance. Jenny neither cheated the appellant nor attempted
to cheat him in terms of s 415, read with s 511, of the Penal Code.

(B) SHARING OF LEGAL FEES

37 With respect to the second charge that the appellant shared legal fees with
Jenny, it is argued that there was no misconduct as the $500 that Jenny gave
to the appellant were not legal fees but “sting” money, and which could not be
regarded as legal fees unless there was a genuine sale and purchase
transaction. This is a spurious argument founded on labelling the legal fees
as something else. It cannot be disputed that the appellant received the sting
money _as legal fees_ for work done and not as sting money. This is obvious.
He was paid $500 as legal fees for work done, and from those fees, he paid a
fee of $150 to Jenny as he had promised.

(C) ABETMENT OF A BREACH OF RULE 11A(2)(B) OF THE LEGAL PROFESSION
(PROFESSIONAL CONDUCT) RULES

38 The next argument of the appellant is that Jenny instigated the appellant
to act in a manner contrary to professional conduct and thereby abetted the
appellant in committing a breach of r 11A(2)(_b_) of the Legal Profession
(Professional Conduct) Rules. The DC had rejected this argument on the ground
that a disciplinary offence was not a criminal offence and therefore the
question of an illegal act did not arise. The Judge, in affirming this
finding, held that a disciplinary offence was civil in nature, even if the
standard of proof was the criminal standard of proof beyond a reasonable
doubt. We agree with the decision of the DC and that of the Judge.

(3) Was the impugned evidence improperly obtained?

39 The appellant has also argued that as the impugned evidence was improperly
obtained, the DC and the court below should have stayed the proceedings under
_Looseley_ or have excluded it under _Summit._ It is said that there was
impropriety because: (a) Jenny had deceived so many people in order to ensnare
the appellant; and (b) the instructing solicitor on whose behalf Jenny had
carried out her mission had an improper motive. This argument was also made to
the DC and the Judge, but it was made on the basis that improper conduct
“suffices to give the court the discretion to exclude [Jenny’s] evidence” in
the context of the decision in _Summit_ (see _Rayney Wong_ at [72]). The Judge
addressed the argument and dismissed it on the ground that “ _Summit’s_
holding applies only in respect of prior _illegal_ conduct undertaken by an
_agent provocateur_ ” (at [72]). This argument was a non-starter for the
simple reason that the appellant had not objected to the admission of the
impugned evidence when it was being adduced. As the DC was not called upon to
exercise any discretion in admitting the impugned evidence, this issue could
not arise. We have already stated earlier at [27] that there is no principle
of evidence that excludes improperly or unfairly obtained evidence that is not
also illegally obtained.

40 The appellant has not explained why improperly obtained evidence is not
admissible in evidence since the general rule is that all relevant evidence is
admissible: see ss 5 and 138 of the Evidence Act, and _Kuruma_ ([26] _supra_)
_Cheng Swee Tiang_ ([26] _supra_) and _Sang_. As we have mentioned earlier,
these three decisions are authority for the principle that improperly obtained
evidence is admissible unless it operates unfairly against the accused.
However, the element of unfairness in this context has nothing to do with
_how_ the evidence was obtained, but rather with its prejudicial effect at the
trial. Improperly obtained evidence is admissible unless its prejudicial
effect exceeds its probative value. In the present case, even if Jenny’s
evidence was improperly obtained, its probative value was overwhelming when
weighed against its prejudicial effect. Improperly obtained evidence does not
come under _Summit_ or _Looseley_ unless it is illegally obtained or unless it
is entrapment evidence. Accordingly, the argument of impropriety without
illegality has no legal effect under any of these decisions. In any case,
apart from inconveniencing a few people, such as the prospective vendor and
his solicitors in giving them the false hope of an imminent sale, it is
difficult to see why the instructing solicitor’s conduct was improper. Leaving
aside _Summit_ and _Looseley_ and without deciding whether they reflect the
legal position in Singapore, we know of no principle that improperly or
unfairly obtained evidence which does not include an element of illegality is
inadmissible or is an abuse of process.

41 The Law Society’s position is that the instructing solicitor’s objective in
exposing the unfair and unprofessional practices associated with touting for
conveyancing work was to maintain the high ethical and professional standards
of the Bar. This is necessary and desirable, as in the words of V K Rajah J
(as he then was) in _Public Trustee v By Products Traders Pte Ltd_ [2005] 3
SLR 449 at [35]:

So overwhelming is the public interest in maintaining the dignity and honour
of the legal profession through the preservation of the highest ethical and
moral standards amongst solicitors that the courts cannot risk allowing it to
be compromised by even a few recalcitrant individuals within the profession.
If and when any such breaches come to light, they must be dealt with swiftly
and severely.

42 In the present case, although the Judge initially found it necessary to
express his “profound misgivings” (_Rayney Wong_ at [86]) as to the standing
of the legal profession should its members descend to such a low level of
ethical conduct in ferreting out professional misconduct, he finally came to
the conclusion, correctly in our view, that there was no risk of the
administration of justice “being brought into disrepute simply because
unscrupulous solicitors have their _modus operandi_ for improperly attracting
business exposed by means of private entrapment” (at [87]). In our view,
whilst honour among thieves may be a virtue among thieves, we cannot see why
whistle-blowing among thieves (even assuming this to be the case here) should
be regarded by the court as so odious that the evidence thereby obtained
should not be admitted as evidence or that the relevant proceedings (the DC
proceedings) should be stayed. In this connection, we agree with the
submission of the Law Society that in balancing the policy objective of
protecting the integrity of the disciplinary process and of maintaining public
confidence in the disciplinary standards of the legal profession, the latter
objective should be given much greater weight. After all, if a solicitor
commits a criminal or a disciplinary offence in entrapping another solicitor,
he would be subject to both the criminal process and the disciplinary process
in relation to his conduct, whereas if the court were to exclude the evidence
or stay the disciplinary proceedings, it could only bring the courts into
disrepute if the perception is given that the errant solicitor is more
deserving of protection than the _agent provocateur_.

43 As for the second argument based on evil motive, the appellant has provided
no evidence whatever to show what the motive of the instructing solicitor was.
It is alleged that the sting operation was motivated by malice, and far from
trying to uphold the standards of the legal profession or to restore a level
playing field for all conveyancers, the instructing solicitor was abusing the
disciplinary process by procuring evidence by improper means (using deception)
for the improper purpose of eliminating his competitors, and thereby
increasing his own business improperly. It was on this basis that the
appellant had applied to the DC to order Jenny’s employer to disclose the
identity of the instructing solicitor so that he could be examined on his
motive in setting up the operation.

(4) Irrelevance of motive and identity

44 In this appeal, counsel for the appellant has reiterated his arguments on
the relevance of the identity and the motive of the instructing solicitor. He
has referred to Lord Nicholls’ statement at [27] in _Looseley_ that one of the
considerations for judicial review would be where the police had acted in good
faith and not “as part of a malicious vendetta against an individual or [a]
group of individuals”. Counsel has also referred us to _Re Serif Systems Ltd_
([1997] EWHC Admin 369) where the court held that motive was a relevant factor
in determining whether the private prosecutions initiated in that case were an
abuse of process and that in a proper case it would exercise its wider
supervisory jurisdiction to uphold the rule of law. As there was _prima facie_
evidence that the respondents had a political purpose or motive in instigating
the prosecutions of the applicant, the court refused to set aside the leave
granted for judicial review of the prosecutions. On the issue of motive, Auld
LJ said at [17]:

In my view, it is arguable that improper motive is a relevant matter,
depending on the circumstances, in considering whether criminal proceedings
before magistrates are an abuse of their process. This is not necessarily a
matter of mixed motives of the sort to which Lloyd LJ referred in the _Ex
parte South Coast Shipping Company_ case at page 28 of the judgment. It is for
consideration whether there is a primary motive and one which is so unrelated
to the proceeding that it renders it a misuse or an abuse of the process. I
found the reference by Fox LJ in _Speed Seal Limited v Paddington_ [1985] 1
WLR 1327, at 1335, to section 682 of the latter report of the American
Restatement, Second Edition, Torts, a useful touchstone for consideration of
the issue:

“One who uses a legal process, whether criminal or civil, against another
primarily to accomplish a purpose for which it is not designed, is subject to
liability to the other for harm caused by the abuse of process.”

45 The decisions reviewed by Auld LJ show that the power of the court to stay
private prosecutions based on the ground of abuse of process is sparingly
exercised. In _Regina v Bow Street Metropolitan Stipendiary Magistrate,_ _Ex
parte South Coast Shipping Co Ltd_ [1993] QB 645 (“ _South Coast_ ”), Lloyd LJ
held that the mere presence of an indirect or improper motive for launching a
prosecution did not necessarily vitiate it and the court would be slow to halt
such a prosecution in a case of mixed motives unless the conduct was truly
oppressive. In the passage we have quoted above, Auld LJ referred to Lloyd
LJ’s holding and augmented it by stating that the motive impugned must be the
primary motive and one that is so unrelated to the proceedings that it renders
it a misuse or abuse of the process.

46 Before we consider the import of these decisions, we should first deal with
a relevant consideration which has not been addressed by counsel in this
appeal. In the present case, the appellant was able to name the solicitor he
believed to be the instructing solicitor. As such, if the appellant had any
evidence of the instructing solicitor’s evil motive, there was nothing to
prevent him from disclosing the evidence to the DC to support him in his
application to order the instructing solicitor to attend for cross-
examination. His failure to do this, coupled with his failure to explain why
he did not do this, could only have meant that he was merely fishing for
evidence of a motive that he thought would get him out of his predicament. We
should also add that, in any event, there is nothing to prevent the appellant
from adducing such evidence as he has in support of his allegation, if and
when he decides to enter his defence at the resumed hearing. In our view, the
DC was correct in declining to order the Law Society to call the instructing
solicitor to testify.

47 Reverting to the _South Coast_ line of cases, we are of the view that they
do not assist the appellant for two reasons. The first reason is that the
rationale of these decisions is that it is an abuse of the court process to
use it for a purpose (which must be the sole or dominant purpose) for which it
is not intended, _ie_ , a purpose that does not serve to enforce the law and
bring offenders to justice. In _South Coast_ , the court process was used to
disqualify certain persons from standing for elections. Given the requirement
of a sole or dominant purpose or motive in order to set aside private
prosecutions, we do not see how the principles, formulated by Lloyd LJ and
Auld LJ, can assist the appellant in the present case, even assuming that the
principle applies to disciplinary proceedings. In the present case, unlike the
applicant in _Re Serif Systems Ltd_ ([44] _supra_), the instructing solicitor
can claim to have at least three reasons for wanting to expose suspected
touting by the appellant: (a) to maintain a level playing field for all
conveyancers; (b) to improve his own business; or (c) to uphold the reputation
of the Bar. In this context, an order to compel the instructing solicitor is
not likely to assist the court in determining whether the instructing
solicitor has a sole or dominant motive and what that motive is. The appellant
is merely fishing for a slippery and unidentifiable “evil motive”. Compounding
this difficulty is a procedural problem: Whose witness would the instructing
solicitor be? The third reason is that in the present case the appellant is
subject to a code of professional conduct and ethics which the parties in the
_South Coast_ line of cases are not. Even if the sole or dominant motive of
the instructing solicitor is to eliminate the appellant as a competitor, and
improper or unfair means (or even illegal means) are used, why should it
matter more to the administration of justice, as has been argued, that the
appellant be let off because the source of the evidence incriminating him is
tainted? The only justification given by the appellant is that if there is an
abuse of the disciplinary process, then the approach in _Looseley_ , in
staying criminal proceedings which amount to an abuse of process, should be
adopted by this court. In our view, there is no analogy between the two types
of proceedings.

48 In our view, the more important question is whether, in disciplinary
proceedings against advocates and solicitors who are officers of the court,
the motive of the complainant is relevant to the obligation of the Law Society
to carry out its duties under the Act to bring disciplinary proceedings
against errant lawyers. English decisions such as _South Coast_ have held that
motive is relevant to support a plea of abuse of process in private
prosecutions and not in relation to the admissibility of evidence. Motive was
not considered relevant in _Summit_ nor in _Looseley_ : only the conduct of
the _agent provocateur_ was considered relevant. The questions asked in the
two cases were, respectively: “Was his conduct unlawful?” and “Did he entrap
the defendant?” Indeed, we might also add that in _Looseley_ , Lord Hoffmann
accepted that certain kinds of unlawful conduct do not constitute an abuse of
process. At [70], Lord Hoffmann said:

No doubt a test purchaser who asks someone to sell him a drug is counselling
and procuring, perhaps inciting, the commission of an offence. Furthermore, he
has no statutory defence to a prosecution. But the fact that his actions are
technically unlawful is not regarded in English law as a ground for treating
them as an abuse of process: see _R v Latif_ [1996] 1 WLR 104 and compare
_Ridgeway v The Queen_ [(1995)] 184 CLR 19.

49 In the present case, we have already found that, on the evidence, Jenny had
done nothing illegal or improper in procuring the evidence of the appellant’s
professional misconduct. On the basis of this finding alone, this appeal must
be dismissed.

**_Does the doctrine of abuse of process in criminal proceedings apply to
disciplinary proceedings?_**

50 As part of its argument, the Law Society has raised an important argument
as to whether the doctrine of abuse of process further developed in _Looseley_
to protect the integrity of the judicial process is applicable to disciplinary
proceedings at all as a matter of policy. Although _Looseley_ involved
criminal proceedings, counsel for the appellant contends that the doctrine
should apply, by analogy, to disciplinary proceedings. The Law Society has
contended to the contrary: that the doctrine of abuse of process should not
apply to disciplinary proceedings at all as the objective of such proceedings
is different from the objectives of criminal proceedings. The objectives of
criminal proceedings are the vindication of the harm or injury done to society
by punishing offenders and to maintain law and order. The Law Society has
pointed out that this court is not sitting as an ordinary court of law but as
the final disciplinary court under the Act, and, in that capacity, it is
exercising its judicial power as a disciplinary court under the Act: see
_Attorney-General of the Gambia v Pierre Sarr N’Jie_ [1961] AC 617. As such,
it does not have to follow all the principles of law that apply to ordinary
court proceedings.

51 We accept this argument. The objective of disciplinary proceedings is to
uphold the standards of the profession (here the legal profession) in order to
retain public confidence in the honesty, integrity and professionalism of its
members. Lawyers are officers of the court and as such must maintain the
highest ethical standards in their professional work and conduct. The
disciplinary process is part of the statutory framework designed to punish
errant lawyers in order to promote this objective. For this reason, there is,
in our view, a higher public interest in disciplining errant lawyers than in
letting them off, however the evidence is obtained. It should not matter who
the _agent provocateur_ is, whether he be another advocate and solicitor or a
member of the public. It is the misconduct of the lawyer that the disciplinary
process is designed to investigate and penalise, if guilt is determined.

52 For the same reason, we are of the view that the motive of the _agent
provocateur_ is not relevant to and should not be allowed to excuse the
professional misconduct of the lawyer. Should the _agent provocateur_ be
guilty of wrongdoing, he should also be subject to the ordinary processes of
the law, like any other offender or tortfeasor, including disciplinary
proceedings, if he is a lawyer. The legal profession expects its members to
have and to abide by the highest ethical standards in their practice. If a
lawyer fails to abide by such standards, he should not be excused on the
ground that his own misconduct was brought about by the wrongful conduct of
another lawyer. We see no reason to apply the doctrine of abuse of process
applicable in criminal prosecutions to disciplinary proceedings, with the
consequence of letting off errant lawyers.

53 Counsel for the Law Society has referred us to the decision in _Re Saluja_
(2006) 92 BMLR 153 (a disciplinary case against a doctor). In _Re Saluja_ ,
Goldring J, after reviewing the authorities, held that the doctrine of abuse
of process applied in _Looseley_ had no application to misconduct by private
non-state _agent provocateurs_. At [129] of his judgment, Goldring J said:

[T]here is nothing to suggest proper consideration of the substantial
difference between a doctor at his professional practice being pressed to
provide a false medical certificate and a drug dealer being importuned by an
undercover officer. On the face of it, (and of course I bear in mind the
merits have not been decided) Dr Saluja could have said no when asked to
provide the certificate. He could have asked the ‘patient’ to leave. It is
difficult to see how the offer of money in such circumstances, albeit with
some importuning or pressure, could be said to amount to such misconduct by
the journalist as to compromise the integrity of the disciplinary process. It
seems to me to fall well short of that.

54 It was accepted in _Re Saluja_ , or at least the court in this passage
appears to have implicitly accepted the principle, that some kinds of conduct
by the private non-state agent in procuring incriminating evidence against a
professional person (a doctor in that case) could amount to misconduct such as
to compromise the integrity of the disciplinary process. In other words, the
doctrine of abuse of process could, by analogy, apply to disciplinary
proceedings. However, for the reasons we have already given, we are of the
view that it is not appropriate to apply the analogy to disciplinary
proceedings in Singapore.

_Related legal issues irrelevant_

55 We have summarised in [13] the related legal issues in connection with the
decisions in _Sang_ , _How Poh Sun_ , _Summit_ and _Looseley_. Our affirmation
of the DC’s finding (which has also been affirmed by the Judge) that the
impugned evidence was neither obtained by entrapment nor obtained illegally or
improperly, means that this appeal must be dismissed. It is therefore not
necessary for us to consider the arguments of counsel for the appellant and
for the Law Society on the remaining related issues. We do not propose to do
so in this judgment. However, after we heard this appeal, we also heard three
cases where Jenny had made similar complaints of misconduct against three
other solicitors, _viz_ , Phyllis Tan Guat Neo, Lilian Bay Puay Joo and James
Liew Boon Kwee. In all these cases, counsel for the solicitors and the Law
Society have made substantially similar arguments on issues similar to the
related issues. As we have found the arguments of counsel on entrapment
evidence in _Phyllis Tan_ ([27] _supra_) to be more comprehensive than those
made in this case, we have decided to address in _Phyllis Tan_ the remaining
related issues raised by the appellant in this appeal in conjunction with
similar issues raised in that case.

**Conclusion**

56 In the circumstances, and for the reason that the appellant has failed to
cross the first threshold in the appeal, _ie_ , he has failed to substantiate
the first premise of his case, we dismiss the appeal with costs and the usual
consequential orders.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 06 Sep 2007 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

