Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Ng Chin Siau and Others v How Kim Chuan  
[2007] SGCA 46

Case Number | : | OS 749/2006, SUM 1083/2007  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 27 September 2007  
Tribunal/Court | : | Court of Appeal  
Coram | : |  Belinda Ang Saw Ean J; Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA; V K Rajah JA   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  N Sreenivasan and Collin Choo (Straits Law Practice LLC) for the respondents; Lok Vi Ming SC, Kirindeep Singh and Mark Seah (Rodyk & Davidson LLP) for the applicant   
Parties | : |  Ng Chin Siau; Yap Kin Wai; Chong Kai Chuan; Chong Ling Sharon; Ng Jet Wei; Wong Dai Chong; Loh Meow Song; Kuan Chee Keong; Oh Chin Hong; Ng Cheng Huat; Tan Soon Kiat; Francis Lee; Ang Hwee Quan Susan; Seah Yang Howe; Leong Hon Chiew — How Kim Chuan   
  
Arbitration – Award – Recourse against award – Appeal under Arbitration Act –
High Court refusing leave for appeal to Court of Appeal – Whether Court of
Appeal could grant leave to appeal – Section 52(3) Arbitration Act (Cap 10,
2002 Rev Ed)  
  
Arbitration – Award – Recourse against award – Residual jurisdiction of Court
of Appeal – When residual jurisdiction could be invoked – How residual
jurisdiction should be applied  
  
Words and Phrases – "Appeal" – Section 49 Arbitration Act (Cap 10, 2002 Rev
Ed)  
  

27 September 2007 |   
---|---  
  
V K Rajah JA (delivering the grounds of decision of the court):

**Introduction**

1 This was an application for leave to appeal to the Court of Appeal against a
decision of the High Court setting aside a domestic arbitration award. At the
conclusion of the hearing, we dismissed the application. These are our reasons
for so ruling. In these grounds of decision, we examine the procedural pre-
requisites for appeals on questions of law to the court in relation to
domestic arbitration awards and, in particular, we clarify the very limited
circumstances in which appeals pursuant to s 49 of the Arbitration Act (Cap
10, 2002 Rev Ed) (“the Act”) may be pursued further to the Court of Appeal.

**Background and procedural history**

2 The applicant/defendant, Dr How Kim Chuan (“Dr How”), and the
respondents/plaintiffs were partners (in different combinations) in a number
of dental practices and a business that ran a dental laboratory. A dispute
arose between the parties which led to Dr How issuing a notice of retirement
from the various partnerships. Subsequently, further differences and disputes
arose and the parties agreed to refer these matters to an arbitrator.

3 The arbitrator issued his written award in the arbitration proceedings on 15
March 2006 (“the Award”). Dissatisfied with the decision in relation to one of
the partnerships, the Hougang partnership, the plaintiffs filed an originating
summons on 11 April 2006, seeking leave to appeal on two questions of law
which they considered had arisen out of the Award. The judge granted them
leave to appeal on only one of the questions they had raised.

4 The same judge later allowed the appeal after having decided the question
raised in favour of the plaintiffs. She varied the Award and ordered that the
plaintiffs pay the defendant only the sum of $54,017.47 for the Hougang
partnership, in substitution of the sum of $213,333.74 that the arbitrator had
originally assessed as being due. The judge then remitted the question of
costs to the arbitrator for re-determination. For ease of reference, this
decision of the judge will be referred to hereinafter as “the Decision”.

5 The defendant subsequently filed Summons No 4825 of 2006 on 18 October 2006
seeking leave to appeal against the Decision to the Court of Appeal. Having
regard to s 49(11) of the Act (which provides that the court may give leave to
appeal to the Court of Appeal against a decision on an appeal from an
arbitration award only if the question of law before it is one of general
importance, or one which for some other special reason should be considered by
the Court of Appeal) the summons set out a list of questions of law which
counsel for the defendant considered met the necessary requirements. The
summons was again heard by the same judge on 2 November 2006.

6 In her judgment dated 6 March 2007 (“the 6 March decision”), the judge
concluded that there was “no question of law of general importance to be
brought before the Court of Appeal nor any special reason to allow the
questions framed on behalf of [Dr How] to go forward on appeal” (see _Ng Chin
Siau v How Kim Chuan_ [2007] 2 SLR 789 (“ _Ng Chin Siau_ ”) at [52]).
Accordingly, the application was dismissed. Dissatisfied, the defendant then
filed this application and requested that it be heard by the Court of Appeal.

7 Just prior to the hearing we invited counsel to make submissions on the
following preliminary issues:

(a) whether an application may be made directly to the Court of Appeal for
leave to appeal against a decision of the High Court on an appeal (against an
arbitration award) under s 49(11) of the Act; and

(b) in any event, whether the present application could have been brought
despite the fact that the High Court had already refused such leave to appeal.

8 It appeared to us that there was some confusion amongst counsel as to the
proper basis for this application and the appropriate forum before which this
application ought to be heard. We noted that the plaintiffs’ solicitors, M/s
Straits Law Practice LLC (“SLP”) had written to the defendant’s solicitors,
M/s Rodyk & Davidson LLP (“Rodyk”), on 27 March 2007 expressing, _inter alia_
, their view that the applicable sections for an appeal from the High Court to
the Court of Appeal would be ss 49(10) and 49(11) instead of s 49(7) of the
Act as earlier indicated by Rodyk. SLP suggested that since leave to appeal
had already been refused by the learned judge, the present summons ought to be
fixed before the Court of Appeal (and not another High Court judge). Rodyk
then wrote to the Registry on 5 April 2007 requesting that the summons be
fixed for hearing before the Court of Appeal, stating that they had “no
objections if the matter is refixed for hearing before the Court of Appeal”.

9 Thus, it appears to us that counsel themselves had initially _agreed_
between themselves that the Court of Appeal had jurisdiction to hear such an
application. We shall return to the implications of this “understanding” when
we address the issue of costs. For now, we turn to consider the respective
positions of the parties, as re-defined by their final submissions on the
jurisdictional conundrum we had identified for counsel: see [7] above.

**The defendant’s position**

10  Mr Lok Vi Ming SC (“Mr Lok”), who appeared for the defendant, confirmed
that the defendant’s initial application to the judge was made pursuant to s
49(11) of the Act. He clarified before us that, for the purposes of this
application, he was relying solely on s 49(7) of the Act as the basis for the
application to this court. This was because leave to appeal had been refused
by the judge in the first instance. Mr Lok contended that s 49(7) of the Act
provided a “further avenue of appeal to the defendant”. Section 49(7) of the
Act reads as follows:

The leave of the Court shall be required for any appeal from a decision of the
Court under this section to grant or refuse leave to appeal.

Mr Lok declared that this was his position from the outset, _viz_ , that the
application could be made under s 49(7) of the Act (to the High Court) for
leave to appeal against the 6 March decision denying him leave to appeal. It
was only after the plaintiffs’ solicitors had expressed their misgivings about
this and suggested that the application should instead be made pursuant to ss
49(10) and 49(11) of the Act, to the Court of Appeal, that they “reached a
consensus” to have the matter fixed before us.

11 Mr Lok further submitted that a “decision of the Court under this section
to grant or refuse leave” would include the 6 March decision wherein the
learned judge refused to grant the defendant leave to appeal against the
Decision. According to Mr Lok, what it all boiled down to was this – that s
49(7) of the Act applied equally to two types of applications:

(a) the first was an application for leave to appeal against the decision of
the court granting or refusing _leave to appeal against an arbitration award_
– what he labelled as a “first-tier application”; and

(b) the second was an application for leave to appeal against the decision of
the court granting or refusing _leave to appeal against the decision of the
Court on an appeal from an arbitration_ – a “second-tier application”.

Purely for the sake of convenience, we shall also adopt this terminology. The
application made to this court was therefore a second-tier application.

12 At the heart of the defendant’s argument is an arid literal reading of s
49(7) of the Act. In this regard, Mr Lok invited the court to accept that it
was a fundamental precept of statutory interpretation that the intended
meaning of a statutory provision must be taken to punctiliously correspond
with the literal meaning. Accordingly, Mr Lok argued that the literal meaning
of the words “decision of the Court under this section” would mean _any_
decision made pursuant to _any_ subsection of s 49 of the Act, thereby
encompassing the 6 March decision.

13 In the course of the hearing, Mr Lok developed this argument further. This
was clearly because he had by then realised that there remained one further
major obstacle he had to surmount (even assuming that his literal
interpretation of s 49(7) of the Act was accepted by the court) in order to
bring this application before the Court of Appeal. Mr Lok recognised and fully
accepted that the “Court” referred to in s 49(7) of the Act, and indeed
wherever else employed in the Act, was defined in s 2(1) of the Act to mean
the _High Court_ only. Therefore, even on the literal interpretation urged
upon us, Mr Lok’s application should be made before the High Court and not the
Court of Appeal.

14 In order to overcome this seemingly insurmountable difficulty, Mr Lok then
boldly turned to s 52 of the Act as a crutch. So far as it is material, s 52
of the Act reads:

**Application for leave of Court, etc.**

**52.** —(1) An application for the leave of the Court to appeal or an
application referred to in section 21(10), 36(6) or 49(3)(_b_) or (7) shall be
made in such manner as may be prescribed in the Rules of Court.

…

(3) For the purposes of this section —

(_a_) an application for leave of the Court may be heard and determined by a
Judge in Chambers; and

(_b_) the Court of Appeal shall have the like powers and jurisdiction on the
hearing of such applications as the High Court or any Judge in Chambers has on
the hearing of such applications.

Mr Lok submitted that pursuant to s 52(3) of the Act, the Court of Appeal had
the like powers and jurisdiction as the High Court. This meant that once an
application was made to the High Court under s 49(7) of the Act, the Court of
Appeal could thereafter hear that application; this was the case here,
according to Mr Lok, because his initial application was made pursuant to s
49(7) of the Act, and had been made to the High Court (albeit before an
assistant registrar) on 15 March 2007.

**The plaintiffs’ position**

15 The plaintiffs’ position was straightforward. After receiving our
invitation to make further submissions on the jurisdictional issue, SLP made a
_volte-face_. It contended that no application for leave could be made to the
Court of Appeal and, in any event, the decision of the High Court refusing
leave to appeal was final.

16 Counsel for the plaintiffs, Mr N Sreenivasan (“Mr Sreenivasan”), relied on
an English Court of Appeal decision that he submitted was on all fours in
relation to the jurisdictional issue we had to determine. In _Henry Boot
Construction (UK) Ltd v Malmaison Hotel (Manchester) Ltd_ [2001] QB 388 (“
_Henry Boot_ ”), the English Court of Appeal, after construing s 69(8) of the
English Arbitration Act 1996 (c 23) (“the English Act”), concluded that it
could not entertain an appeal unless the High Court gave leave, and
furthermore could not review or otherwise reconsider the High Court’s refusal
to give leave. Mr Sreenivasan also drew the court’s attention to the immediate
predecessor of the current s 49(11) of the Act, _ie_ , s 28(7) of the since
repealed Arbitration Act (Cap 10, 1985 Rev Ed) (“the repealed Act”), which
provided as follows:

No appeal shall lie to the Court of Appeal from a decision of the court on an
appeal under this section unless the court _or the Court of Appeal —_

(_a_) gives leave; and

(_b_) considers the question of law to which the decision relates either as
one of general public importance or as one which for some other special reason
should be considered by the Court of Appeal.

[emphasis added]

Mr Sreenivasan submitted that the repealed provision made express reference to
the Court of Appeal having the power to grant leave. This has, however, been
deliberately omitted in the current s 49 of the Act, thereby leading to the
irresistible inference that the restrictive English position on appeals had
been consciously adopted. He also helpfully pointed out that in the Law Reform
and Revision Division, Attorney-General’s Chambers, _The Review of Arbitration
Laws – Final Report_ (LRRD No 3/2001, March 2001) (“LRRD 3/2001”), a
comparative table (Table of Derivations) at Annex B (pp 91–95) showed cl 49 of
the Arbitration Bill 2001 (now enacted as s 49 of the Act) to be a modified
derivative of s 69 of the English Act.

17 At the hearing, after being apprised of Mr Lok’s reliance on s 49(7) of the
Act read with s 52 of the Act as the basis of his application, Mr Sreenivasan
submitted that a literal interpretation of s 49(7) of the Act was not
plausible. This was because it could potentially result in an endless string
of leave applications under s 49(7) of the Act. Moreover, a literal
interpretation would run counter to the general scheme of s 49 of the Act,
which he pointed out is captioned “Appeal against award”. By this, Mr
Sreenivasan was alluding to the numerous references to the term “appeal under
this section” which are to be found throughout s 49 of the Act. He argued that
such a reference, which occurred for example in sub-ss 49(3), 49(4) and 49(6)
of the Act amongst others, was made specifically in relation to an appeal
against an arbitration award. This was clearly different from an appeal
against a decision of the High Court. In short, s 49(7) of the Act did not
apply to the present situation; it only applied to first-tier applications,
_ie_ , decisions in relation to leave to appeal against an arbitration award.

18 Turning to s 52 of the Act, Mr Sreenivasan’s position was that s 52(3)(_b_)
of the Act only applied to situations where there had been no determination by
the court on the merits of any particular case. What was contemplated in such
situations was that first, an application for leave to appeal against an
arbitration award (under s 49(3)(_b_) of the Act) was turned down; this was
followed by an application for leave to appeal against such refusal under s
49(7) of the Act which was also unsuccessful. In such a scenario, Mr
Sreenivasan submitted that s 52(3)(_b_) of the Act would apply, giving the
Court of Appeal jurisdiction to hear an application for leave to appeal. The
fundamental rationale underpinning such an interpretation was that there would
have been, as it were, “no bite of the cherry” as yet. Ultimately, once the
court had heard the merits of an appeal against an arbitration award, s 49(7)
of the Act was irrelevant; s 52 of the Act also did not offer any assistance
in this regard.

**Our decision**

19 We begin by considering briefly why an application under s 49(11) of the
Act for leave to appeal against a decision of the High Court in relation to an
appeal on a question of law against an arbitration award cannot be brought to
the Court of Appeal. That this was an application under s 49(11) of the Act
(as opposed to s 49(7) of the Act) was the position posited by both parties
prior to our request for further submissions on this issue. Although this was
ultimately abandoned by both the parties, we nevertheless think it is
necessary to restate why an application under that provision does not lie to
the Court of Appeal. We will then address the respective positions adopted by
the parties in relation to an application under s 49(7) of the Act.

**_Application under section 49(11) of the Act_**

20 The starting point of our analysis is the plain meaning of s 49(11) of the
Act. When read with s 2(1) of the Act, which expressly states that the term
“Court” when employed in the Act means the High Court, this plainly stipulates
that leave to appeal to the Court of Appeal against a decision on an appeal
from an arbitration award, after satisfying either of the two requirements set
out in s 49(11) of the Act (_viz_ , that the question of law before it is one
of general importance, or one which for some other special reason should be
considered by the Court of Appeal) must be obtained from the _High Court_.

21 A comparison with the provisions of the Supreme Court of Judicature Act
(Cap 322, 1999 Rev Ed) (“SCJA”) governing appeals to the Court of Appeal in,
_inter alia_ , interlocutory matters is apposite. Section 34(2) of the SCJA
reads:

**Matters that are non-appealable or appealable only with leave**

**34.**?(1) …

(2) Except with the _leave of the Court of Appeal_ _or a Judge_ , no appeal
shall be brought to the Court of Appeal in any of the following cases:

…

[emphasis added]

The corresponding provision in the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2006 Rev Ed)
(“the Rules”) is O 56 r 3(1) which reads:

**Leave to appeal against order or judgment of Judge (O. 56, r. 3)**

**3.**?(1) A party applying for leave under section 34 of the Supreme Court of
Judicature Act (Chapter 322) to appeal against an order made, or a judgment
given, by a Judge must file his application —

(_a_) to the Judge within 7 days of the order or judgment; and

(_b_) _in the event leave is refused by the Judge, to the Court of Appeal_
within 7 days of the refusal.

[emphasis added]

It is clear beyond peradventure that leave to appeal under the SCJA operates
under a wholly different scheme from that under the Act. First, the statutory
architecture of the two schemes was drawn up differently. Whereas s 34(2) of
the SCJA expressly provides that leave to appeal may be obtained from the
_Court of Appeal or a Judge_ , s 49(11) of the Act merely stipulates that
“[t]he Court may give leave to appeal” and it is common ground that the
“Court” here refers only to the High Court.

22 The Rules also reflect this difference in that O 56 r 3(1) of the Rules
specifically recognises and provides for the situation where leave to appeal
is refused by the High Court whereupon an application for leave to appeal may
be filed to the Court of Appeal. The corresponding provision in the Rules, in
relation to arbitration proceedings under the Act, _ie_ , O 69 r 8 of the
Rules, only states that “[a]n application under the Act for leave to appeal
against a decision of the Court to the Court of Appeal must be made to the
Court within 7 days of the decision of the Court”. Yet again, “Court” here is
defined to mean the High Court: see O 1 r 4(2) of the Rules. These differences
are plainly material and are not statutory slips between the cup and the lip
as we shall now see.

23 In 2002, the Law Reform and Revision Division (“LRRD”) of the Attorney
General’s Chambers undertook a study of the existing Rules of Court to
ascertain if there were any amendments that were required to align the Rules
of Court with the Act: see _Report on_ _Review of Rules of Court Relating to
Arbitration_ (LRRD No 2/2002, 23 January 2002) (“LRRD 2/2002”). LRRD 2/2002
was considered by the Working Party on Rules of Court chaired by L P Thean JA.
The LRRD’s _Review on Rules of Court Relating to Arbitration_ (_Supplementary
Report_) (LRRD No 6/2002, 7 May 2002) (“LRRD 6/2002”) sets out reasons for the
main differences between the Rules that were approved and the draft rules
drawn up (‘the draft Rules”). It is helpful to refer to LRRD 6/2002 for
assistance in identifying and explaining the material changes from the draft
Rules to the approved rules in relation to applications for leave to appeal
under the Act. We set out the relevant portions in full, at paras 2.11–2.12:

**Leave to appeal to Court of Appeal  
****(Original Report para 3.18)**

2.11 The draft Rules provided that an application for leave to appeal to the
Court of Appeal against a decision of the High Court must be made within 7
days of the decision of the High Court. In the event that leave is refused by
the High Court, the application for leave to appeal to the Court of Appeal
must be made to the Court of Appeal within 7 days of the refusal.

2.12 _To ensure that the Rules are not ultra vires the Act_ , the Working
Party recommended that the relevant provision in the draft Rules be redrafted.
_As the relevant sections in the Act provide that leave of the High Court, and
not the Court of Appeal, must be obtained in respect of applications to appeal
against the decision of the High Court_ , [it was] recommended that the Rules
provide that an application for leave to appeal to the Court of Appeal against
a decision of the High court must be made _to the High Court_ within 7 days of
the decision of the High Court.

[emphasis added]

It also bears mention that O 69 r 8 of the draft Rules was in fact modelled
upon O 56 r 3 of the Rules.

24 It is clear from the above report that the Working Party had also
considered the appeal scheme in the Act: leave of the High Court, and not the
Court of Appeal had to be obtained in such situations. More significantly, the
amendments expressly removed the provision that allowed for an application for
leave to appeal to be made to the Court of Appeal upon refusal of leave by the
High Court. This was plainly a deliberate decision to ensure that the Rules
were not _ultra vires_ the Act. This background reinforced our view that the
difference in wording between O 69 r 8 and O 56 r 3 of the Rules was
deliberate and not merely stylistic or inadvertent.

_The English position_

25 If any doubts on the appeal scheme linger, a brief survey of the position
in England will surely put these to rest. The corresponding provision in the
English Act ([16] _supra_) is to be found at s 69(8):

The decision of the court on an appeal under this section shall be treated as
a judgment of the court for the purposes of a further appeal.

But no such appeal lies without the leave of the court which shall not be
given unless the court considers that the question is one of general
importance or is one which for some other special reason should be considered
by the Court of Appeal.

Section 105(1) of the English Act similarly defines “the court” to be the High
Court or a county court (subject to certain other provisions which are not
relevant for present purposes). _Halsbury’s Laws of England_ vol 2(3)
(Butterworths LexisNexis, 4th Ed Reissue, 2003) at para 75, fn 20, observes:

The effect of the Arbitration Act 1996 s 69(8) is that an appeal from a
decision of a county court or the High Court made under s 69 will **_only_
_lie to the Court of Appeal_ _with the permission of those lower courts, and
it is not open to the Court of Appeal to conduct a review of the lower court’s
refusal to grant permission_** : _Henry Boot Construction (UK) Ltd v Malmaison
Hotel (Manchester) Ltd_ [[2001] QB 388] … [emphasis added in bold italics]

The passage states unequivocally that the Court of Appeal is not permitted to
conduct a review of the lower court’s refusal to grant leave to appeal.
Similarly, the learned authors of _Russell on Arbitration_ (Sweet & Maxwell
22nd Ed, 2003) state, at para 8-073;

If the court that decides the appeal does not consider that the matter should
be referred to the Court of Appeal for the reasons stated in the Act
permission will not be given. _There can be no appeal to the Court of Appeal,
either on the substantive issues or on the court’s decision to refuse to give
permission to appeal_. [emphasis added]

In _Henry Boot_ ([16] _supra_), Waller LJ, delivering the unanimous decision
of the court, unequivocally declared, at 392:

In my view it would be difficult to find words clearer than the words of this
particular subsection for the proposition that leave of the High Court (or the
county court) was needed before any appeal could be brought in the Court of
Appeal. Furthermore, if one has regard to its statutory predecessor, the
position becomes clearer still. …

It would furthermore seem to me absurd to contemplate a review process in the
Court of Appeal in relation to the giving of that leave, otherwise the
objective sought to be attained is defeated.

26 We have similarly appraised the statutory predecessor of s 49(11) of the
Act – s 28(7) of the repealed Act: see [16] above. Mr Sreenivasan has
correctly submitted that the deliberate omission in s 49(11) of the Act of any
reference to the Court of Appeal having the power to grant leave (which was
present in s 28(7) of the repealed Act), inexorably points to the fact that
the English position has been consciously adopted in Singapore.

27  In our view, an application under s 49(11) of the Act for leave to appeal
against a decision of the High Court on an appeal against an arbitration award
cannot and should not be brought before the Court of Appeal. This conclusion
is not reached by any strained interpretation of the statutory provisions;
rather, the answer is the same in our view, whether the issue is approached on
the basis of a plain reading of s 49(11) of the Act, a comparison with s 34 of
the SCJA and the corresponding Rules or a consideration of the immediate
statutory predecessor of s 49(11) of the Act. That is the position in relation
to an application under s 49(11) of the Act. Is the result any different if an
application purports to be brought under s 49(7) of the Act?

**_Application under section 49(7) of the Act_**

28 The defendant confirmed in the course of the hearing that the basis of his
present application was founded solely on s 49(7) of the Act. We now turn to
consider this. As we earlier noted, the defendant had already unsuccessfully
sought leave from the High Court to appeal to the Court of Appeal under s
49(11) of the Act. Can the defendant now seek leave to appeal against that
decision under s 49(7) of the Act? That is the crux of the matter.

_Scheme of section 49 of the Act_

29 We begin our analysis by considering the taxonomy of s 49 of the Act, and
examining the prescribed modalities. In particular, we need to differentiate
the two tiers of applications identified by Mr Lok. In the general scheme of
appeals against arbitration awards brought before the courts pursuant to s 49
of the Act, the High Court is first asked to decide whether or not to grant
leave to permit such an appeal. If the High Court so decides that leave should
be granted, it will then proceed to hear the merits of the appeal. The High
Court when hearing such an appeal has a limited role and carefully-defined
powers – these are found in ss 49(8) and 49(9) of the Act. Any decision on the
merits is deemed pursuant to s 49(10) of the Act to be a judgment of the High
Court. A party dissatisfied with such a decision has a further right to seek
leave to appeal against that decision – but such leave will only be granted in
the very restrictive circumstances prescribed in s 49(11) of the Act.

30 We have broadly described the general scheme prescribed by s 49 of the Act.
It is crucial that any counsel who seeks to rely on s 49 of the Act carefully
appraise the ambit of the provision. A failure to properly appreciate its
ambit could result in adverse cost consequences (and not just for their
clients).

31 Returning to our analysis of s 49 of the Act, we note that every subsection
in s 49 of the Act leading up to sub-s (10), save for sub-s (2) (which is not
relevant for present purposes), adverts to an “appeal”. This term “appeal”
first appears in s 49(1) of the Act – it is used in the context of an appeal
to the High Court on a question of law arising out of an arbitration award.
The subsections that follow, for example, sub-ss (3), (4), (5) and (6) of s 49
of the Act, also make reference to an “appeal”. It is clear that these
subsections are referring to the same appeal, _ie_ , an appeal to the High
Court from an arbitration award. These sections plainly cannot refer to a
different appeal – an appeal to the Court of Appeal from a decision of the
High Court. In fairness, neither counsel suggested this to be the case.
Leaving aside sub-s (7) of s 49 of the Act for the moment, we further note
that sub-ss (8) and (9) of s 49 of the Act are also relevant only in the
context of an appeal against an arbitration award, setting out the powers of
the High Court when hearing such an appeal.

32 Only when we consider sub-s (10) of s 49 of the Act are we introduced to
another term, “[t]he decision of the Court”; however, it must be noted that
this decision referred to in sub-s (10) is also in respect of an appeal from
an arbitration award. Only at the conclusion of s 49 of the Act is there a
reference to a _different_ kind of appeal. In sub-s (11) of s 49 of the Act,
an appeal to the Court of Appeal from a decision of the High Court is spelt
out for the very first time in s 49 of the Act. It is pertinent to also note
that the Court of Appeal is _only_ referred to in this subsection alone _qua_
appellate court.

_Scope of section 49(7) of the Act_

33 Returning to sub-s (7) of s 49 of the Act, we have first to consider the
words “decision … to grant or refuse leave to appeal”. This is because Mr Lok
argues that the decision of the judge refusing the defendant leave to appeal
to the Court of Appeal (_ie_ , the 6 March decision) is embraced by these
words. The question to be answered is this, what decision does s 49(7) of the
Act contemplate? Is it leave to appeal against an arbitration award? Or is it
leave to appeal against a decision of the High Court?

34 As highlighted above (at [12]), Mr Lok contends that the court should adopt
a literal reading of sub-s (7) of s 49 of the Act. A literal reading of sub-s
(7) would encompass a decision refusing leave to appeal _against a decision of
the High Court_ within its ambit. This is because sub-s (7) merely ends with
the words “leave to appeal” but does not define precisely what decision from
which leave to appeal is being sought.

35 In our judgment, this argument cannot stand up to serious scrutiny. If Mr
Lok is right, by parity of reasoning, applying a literal interpretation to the
word “appeal” wherever it appears in s 49 of the Act, the conditions governing
such “appeal”, for example in sub-ss (4), (5) and (6) of s 49 of the Act, will
likewise have to apply to an appeal against a decision of the High Court. This
will be the unintended but unavoidable consequence of a wholly literal
interpretation of s 49 of the Act. This cannot be right. It is trite that even
a literal approach to statutory interpretation such as the “plain meaning
rule” (as laid down by Lord Tindal CJ in _The Sussex Peerage_ (1844) 11 Cl &
Fin 85; 8 ER 1034) mandates that the courts give the words of the statute
their ordinary meaning _in the context in which they appear_. As rightly
pointed out in _Maxwell on the Interpretation of Statutes_ (P St J Langan ed)
(N M Tripathi Private Ltd, 12th Ed, 1969) (“ _Maxwell_ ”) at p 58,
“[i]ndividual words are not considered in isolation, but may have their
meaning determined by other words in the section in which they occur”. Our
courts have also similarly stated that the rule “prescribes that the statutory
provision [is to] be interpreted in its entirety, without undue focus on an
isolated word or phrase”: see _PP v Low Kok Heng_ [2007] SGHC 123 (“ _Low Kok
Heng_ ”) at [30]. Likewise, in F A R Bennion, _Statutory Interpretation_
(Butterworths, 4th Ed, 2002), the learned author observes at p 471:

The plain meaning rule was expressed by Lord Reid [in _Pinner v Everett_
[1969] 1 WLR 1266 at 1273] as follows –

In determining the meaning of any word or phrase in a statute the first
question to ask always is what is the natural or ordinary meaning of that word
or phrase _in its context in the statute_. It is only when that meaning leads
to some result which cannot reasonably be supposed to have been the intention
of the legislature that it is proper to look for some other possible meaning
of the word or phrase.

[emphasis added]

Therefore, even if Mr Lok is right that a literal approach should be adopted
when interpreting s 49 of the Act, in our judgment, Mr Lok has not correctly
_applied_ such a precept. He has failed to take into account the context of
the statute when expounding the word “appeal” in its natural and ordinary
sense. Once the context of s 49 of the Act is taken into account, the term
“appeal” must refer only to an appeal against an arbitration award.

36 Furthermore, any discourse on the construction of statutes in Singapore
must take place against the backdrop of s 9A of the Interpretation Act (Cap 1,
2002 Rev Ed) (“Interpretation Act”). We note that an extensive and
comprehensive discussion of this provision has recently been undertaken in
_Low Kok Heng_ at [39] to [57]. There is no necessity for us to add to that
discussion; we merely wish to highlight a few salient points that are relevant
to the present case. Section 9A of the Interpretation Act provides:

**9A.** —(1) In the interpretation of a provision of a written law, _an
interpretation that would promote the purpose or object underlying the written
law_ (whether that purpose or object is expressly stated in the written law or
not) _shall be preferred to an interpretation that would not promote that
purpose or object_.

(2) Subject to subsection (4), in the interpretation of a provision of a
written law, if any material not forming part of the written law is capable of
assisting in the ascertainment of the meaning of the provision, consideration
may be given to that material —

(a) to _confirm_ that the meaning of the provision is the ordinary meaning
conveyed by the text of the provision _taking into account its context in the
written law and the purpose or object underlying the written law_ ; or

(_b_) to ascertain the meaning of the provision when ?

(i) the provision is ambiguous or obscure; or

(ii) the ordinary meaning conveyed by the text of the provision taking into
account its context in the written law and the purpose or object underlying
the written law leads to a result that is manifestly absurd or unreasonable.

...

[emphasis added]

37 As the court in _Low Kok Heng_ summarised, at [57]:

[Section] 9A of the Interpretation Act mandates that a purposive approach be
adopted in the construction of all statutory provisions, and allows extrinsic
material to be referred to, even where, on a plain reading, the words of a
statute are clear and unambiguous. The purposive approach takes precedence
over all other common law principles of interpretation.

It is plain that a purposive approach is to be adopted in the construction of
s 49 of the Act; and the purposive approach will take precedence over a
literal interpretation. Section 9A(2) of the Interpretation Act also allows us
to make reference to, and draw assistance from, the reports of the LRRD (see
[23] above and [49] and [52] below), as well as various other extrinsic
material “capable of assisting in the ascertainment of the meaning of the
provision”.

38 It is common ground that the Act incorporates various provisions from the
English Act and both Acts are largely based on the UNICTRAL Model Law on
International Commercial Arbitration (“the Model Law”), which forms the basis
of the International Arbitration Act (Cap 143A, 2002 Rev Ed) (“IAA”): see the
second reading of the Arbitration Bill (Bill 37 of 2001) on 5 October 2001
(_Singapore Parliamentary Debates, Official Report_ (5 October 2001) vol 73 at
col 2214. The legislative background to the English Act is therefore of some
relevance in our understanding of the taxonomy of the Act. In this regard, we
note also the observations made by the House of Lords in _Lesotho Highlands
Development Authority v Impregilo SpA_ [2006] 1 AC 221, where Lord Steyn
expounded on the “ethos” of the English Act, at [18]:

Lord Wilberforce played a large role in securing the enactment of the
Arbitration Bill. During the second reading of the Bill in the House of Lords
he explained **_the essence of the new philosophy_** enshrined in it: Hansard
(HL Debates), 18 January 1996, col 778. He said:

“I would like to dwell for a moment on one point to which I personally attach
some importance. That is the relation between arbitration and the courts. _I
have never taken the view that arbitration is a kind of annex, appendix or
poor relation to court proceedings. I have always wished to see**arbitration,
as far as possible** , and subject to statutory guidelines no doubt,
**regarded as a freestanding system, free to settle its own procedure and free
to develop its own substantive law** – yes, its substantive law._ …

…

… [The Bill] has given to the court **_only_** those **_essential powers_**
which I believe the court should have; that is, rendering assistance when the
arbitrators cannot act in the way of enforcement or procedural steps, or,
alternatively, **_in the direction of correcting very fundamental errors_**.”
(My emphasis.)

Characteristically, Lord Wilberforce did not express his understanding of the
new Arbitration Bill in absolute terms. But the general tendency of his
observations, and what Parliament was being asked to sanction, is clear. It
reflects the ethos of the 1996 Act.

[emphasis added in bold italics]

Law-makers in Singapore have articulated similar sentiments emphasising the
_limited_ role of the courts in relation to arbitration proceedings: see LRRD
3/2001 ([16] _supra_) at para 2.38 quoted at [52] below.

39 As pointed out by a leading English commentator, D Rhidian Thomas in _The
Law and Practice Relating to Appeals from Arbitration Awards_ (Lloyd’s of
London Press Ltd, 1994), in relation to the English Arbitration Act 1979 (c
42) (“the 1979 Act”) at para 10.3.2.1:

The policy of the legislation is unambiguous. Whereas appeals from arbitration
to the High Court under the 1979 Act will be rare, on-appeals from the High
Court to the Court of Appeal will be still rarer. Kerr L.J. [in _The Derby_
[1985] 2 Lloyd’s Rep 325 at 327] has summarised the policy of the legislation
in the following terms:

Since the 1979 Act has come into force and its effect has been laid down in a
number of decisions, in particular [_The Nema_], only a few decisions by
arbitrators have reached the Court of Appeal. _This is in accordance with the
policy of the Act to discourage appeals from arbitrators on issues of law and
only to allow them to proceed beyond the court of first instance in
exceptional circumstances._

[emphasis added]

In a similar vein, in _The Antaios_ [1981] 2 Lloyd’s Rep 284, Robert Goff J
(as he then was) said, at 300:

It seems to me that the whole scheme of the Act is basically that on the
questions of law which fall within the Act the intention is that primarily
there should be one appeal, and one appeal only, and that is to [the High]
Court.

Although the latter observations were made in the context of the 1979 Act, in
our view, they apply with equal if not greater force to the (current) English
Act. It is therefore plain from the foregoing that the general ethos or
philosophy underpinning the English Act is that the courts will adopt a non-
interventionist stance in relation to arbitration matters; it is only in the
case of the “very fundamental errors” that have been statutorily identified
that the court will be willing to intervene. We are of the view that the
policy objectives articulated in respect of the English Act are equally
applicable to our domestic arbitration legislation. One need not look any
further than the provisions of the Act itself to find support for this view.
For instance, s 47 of the Act expressly provides that the court does not have
jurisdiction to “confirm, vary, set aside or remit an [arbitration] award …
_except where so provided in_ [_the_] _Act_ ” [emphasis added]. Further, it is
plain that an application or appeal under s 49 of the Act may not be brought
unless the applicant or appellant (as the case may be) has first exhausted any
available alternative remedies provided for in the arbitral process and under
s 43 of the Act: see s 50(2) of the Act. All these provisions unerringly point
to the same conclusion: it is only in very limited circumstances that the
court will be willing and able to intervene.

40 In applying a purposive approach in interpreting the Act, the objective
should be to promote the desirability of finality and limited curial
intervention in arbitration proceedings. The availability of an onward appeal
has been severely attenuated. In this regard, we must firmly reject Mr Lok’s
submission that it is appropriate to apply a wholly arid literal
interpretation to s 49(7) of the Act. Other common law principles of
interpretation come into play _only_ when their application coincides with the
purpose underlying the written law in question. It must be noted,
nevertheless, that it is more often than not that a literal reading of a
statutory provision is in fact likely to coincide with a purposive reading of
that provision. To be sure, a successfully drafted piece of legislation is one
which clearly brings out the purpose underlying the provision by its express
literal words: see D C Pearce & R S Geddes, _Statutory Interpretation in
Australia_ (Butterworths, 4th Ed, 1996) at para 2.5, p 31. Indeed, the present
case is one good example which conduces towards such a finding: on both a
(correctly applied) literal reading of s 49 of the Act and a purposive
approach to that section, we come to the same conclusion – the term “appeal”
used in s 49 of the Act can _only_ refer to an appeal from an arbitration
award.

41 To be fair, Mr Lok did not attempt to argue that the whole of s 49 of the
Act should be read “literally”. He must have recognised the absurdity of
adopting such an interpretative technique given the consequences. He trained
his fire on persuading the court that s 49(7) of the Act should be read in
isolation in this manner. He contended that if the legislative intent was to
prevent any further application for leave under s 49(7) of the Act once the
court had already refused leave to appeal to the Court of Appeal, this would
have been expressly stated in the Act. Since s 49(7) was silent on this, it
did not foreclose such an application being made.

42 This argument may be easily disposed of. It is a rule of statutory
interpretation that it is presumed that a statute does not create new
jurisdictions or enlarge existing ones, and express language is required if an
Act is to be interpreted as having this effect: see _Maxwell_ ([35] _supra_)
at p 159. In _Gelberg v Miller_ [1961] 1 WLR 459, the House of Lords
considered s 1(4) of the English Administration of Justice Act 1960 (c 65)
which provided that “[f]or the purpose of disposing of an appeal under this
section the House of Lords may exercise any powers of the court below”. The
House of Lords concluded that that section did not authorise it to exercise
the power of the Divisional Court or the Court of Appeal (Criminal Division)
to certify that a point of law of general public importance was involved in
its decision in a criminal cause or matter. This case was noted in _Henry
Boot_ ([16] _supra_) along with other House of Lords authorities, and
persuaded the English Court of Appeal in _Henry Boot_ to find that when a
court was construing a statutory provision relating to appeals it was
_illegitimate to start_ from the point of view that litigants had such rights.
In particular, the Court of Appeal in arriving at its conclusion in _Henry
Boot_ derived considerable guidance from the judgment of Lord  Halsbury LC in
_Lane v Esdaile_ [1891] AC 210. This was a case where the House of Lords had
to consider whether an appeal lay to the House of Lords after a refusal by the
Court of Appeal to grant “special leave” under a rule of the court (Rules of
the Supreme Court 1881, O 58 r 15, cited in _Henry Boot_ at 392) that
stipulated:

No appeal to the Court of Appeal from any interlocutory order … shall, except
by special leave of the Court of Appeal, be brought after the expiration of 21
days …

A substantial portion of Lord Halsbury LC’s judgment in _Lane v Esdaile_ (at
211–212) was quoted in _Henry Boot_ and we now set out the relevant portions
as we too find them instructive:

An appeal is not to be presumed but must be given. I do not mean to say that
it must be given by express words, but it must be given in some form or other
in which it can be said that it is affirmatively given and not presumed. In
the particular case now before your Lordships the appeal is certainly not
given in express words. The words used are “leave of the Court”…

[W]hen I look not only at the language used, but at the substance and meaning
of the provision, it seems to me that to give an appeal in this case would
defeat the whole object and purview of the order or rule itself, because it is
obvious that what was there intended by the Legislature was that there should
be in some form or other a power to stop an appeal – that there should not be
an appeal unless some particular body pointed out by the statute … should
permit that an appeal should be given. Now just let us consider what that
means, that an appeal shall not be given unless some particular body consents
to its being given. Surely if that is intended as a check to unnecessary or
frivolous appeals it becomes absolutely illusory if you can appeal from that
decision or leave, or whatever it is to be called itself. How could any Court
of Review determine whether leave ought to be given or not without hearing and
determining upon the hearing whether it was a fit case for an appeal? And if
the intermediate Court could enter and must enter into that question, then the
Court which is the ultimate Court of Appeal must do so also. The result of
that would be that in construing this order, which as I have said is obviously
intended to prevent frivolous and unnecessary appeals, you might in truth have
two appeals in every case in which, following the ordinary course of things,
there would be only one; because if there is a power to appeal when the order
has been refused, it would seem to follow as a necessary consequence that you
must have a right to appeal when leave has been granted, the result of which
is that the person against whom the leave has been granted might appeal from
that, and inasmuch as this is no stay of proceeding the Court of Appeal might
be entertaining an appeal upon the very same question when this House was
entertaining the question whether the Court of Appeal ought ever to have
granted the appeal. My Lords, it seems to me that that would reduce the
provision to such an absurdity that even if the language were more clear than
is contended on the other side one really ought to give it a reasonable
construction.

[emphasis added]

In short, there is simply no presumption of law that litigants have a right of
appeal. The express provision granting a dissatisfied litigant in the High
Court (in relation to an appeal from an arbitration award) a right of appeal
to the Court of Appeal is s 49(11) of the Act. Even then it is available only
in extremely limited statutorily-prescribed circumstances. Any alternative or
further right of appeal cannot be implied into the Act; express language is
required to allow s 49(7) to be interpreted as having this effect.

43 Taking the argument further and taking Mr Lok’s case at its highest by
focusing solely on s 49(7) of the Act, and assuming _arguendo_ that Mr Lok is
right in his interpretation of s 49(7), we still arrive at the inevitable
conclusion that the outcome is untenable. A simple hypothetical based on the
same facts but in the _converse_ , employing Mr Lok’s analysis, will
illustrate the point. An astute reader will find that this will bear some
resemblance to the reasoning of Lord Halsbury LC in the latter portions of the
passage quoted at [42] above.

44 Assume that the judge had granted the defendant leave to appeal because
there was, in her view, a question of law of general importance. This would
result in a substantive appeal wending its way to the Court of Appeal. In the
meantime, the plaintiffs being dissatisfied with the judge’s decision (“the s
49(11) decision”), can and do apply under s 49(7) of the Act (according to Mr
Lok’s reasoning) to another High Court judge (“Justice X”) for leave to appeal
against the s 49(11) decision. If we assume that Justice X also grants leave
to appeal, this would result in a second appeal being placed before the Court
of Appeal – but this time for the Court of Appeal to decide whether the s
49(11) decision was correct, _ie_ , whether leave to appeal should have been
given in the first place. Thus, the Court of Appeal would be pressed to first
decide the latter appeal, _ie_ , whether leave to appeal should be granted,
before it can decide, and only if the answer to this is affirmative, the
merits of such an appeal.

45 In our view, this could not have been what Parliament had even faintly
contemplated. It would entail a situation whereby although the Court of Appeal
is already seised of jurisdiction to hear the former appeal (_ie_ ,
substantive appeal), it would have to, as it were, “stay” the proceedings for
it to decide the question of whether it actually had the jurisdiction or not.
Further, the effect of Mr Lok’s analysis is that the Court of Appeal will have
to actually decide whether leave to appeal from a decision of the High Court
should be granted. However, Mr Lok paradoxically states in his written
submissions (at para 48) that “no application for leave to appeal [from a
decision of the High Court] could be made to the Court of Appeal under the new
Act” and, again, at para 54 that:

At the very most, the purpose of the amendments [to the repealed Act] appeared
to be to channel all applications for leave to appeal before the High Court.
This means that a 2nd tier application would be heard by another High Court
Judge instead of the Court of Appeal.

It appears to us that Mr Lok has failed to consider the next step in his
suggested scheme: eventually, the Court of Appeal might have to hear an
application for leave to appeal under s 49(11) of the Act, as demonstrated by
the result in the scenario posited above. This would be contrary to the
intention of s 49(11) of the Act, and we hasten to add that it would also be
incongruous with our conclusion reached in [27] above.

46 We find some tangential support for our conclusions in the view which was
taken by the English Court of Appeal in the case of _Kay v Briggs_ (1889) 22
QBD 343 in relation to s 45 of the English Supreme Court of Judicature Act
1873 (c 66). That section governed appeals to a divisional court from an
inferior court, and provided that:

… The determination of such Appeals respectively by such Divisional Courts
shall be final unless special leave to appeal from the same to the Court of
Appeal shall be given by the Divisional Court by which any such appeal from an
inferior Court shall have been heard.

In that case, the divisional court had refused leave to appeal and the
aggrieved party thereupon attempted in the Court of Appeal to review the
determination of the divisional court in that respect. The Court of Appeal
took the view that it was unable to entertain the question and could not
review the decision of the divisional court. Lord Esher MR said, at 344:

If this Court [meaning the Court of Appeal] could overrule the discretion
given by that section to Divisional Courts the practical effect would be to
allow an appeal here in every case, because the facts of each case would be
brought before us in order to enable us to decide whether or not we ought to
overrule that discretion. I think that the real meaning of s. 45 is to confine
the power to give leave to appeal absolutely to the Divisional Courts.

Similarly, in the present case, if the Court of Appeal can routinely overrule
the discretion given to the High Court pursuant to s 49(11) of the Act, the
practical effect would be to allow an appeal to the Court of Appeal in every
case because the facts of each case would be brought before us in order to
enable us to decide whether or not we ought to overrule the discretion
exercised by the High Court. As Lord Herschell astutely noted in _Lane v
Esdaile_ ([42] _supra_) at 214, “the matter was intrusted, and intended to be
intrusted, to their discretion”. In our judgment, the discretion whether to
grant leave to appeal to the Court of Appeal must be, and can only be,
exercised by the High Court; see however [68] below. This arrangement ensures
that speed and finality in the arbitral process continue to prevail while
preserving a limited scope for curial intervention.

**_Section 52 of the Act_**

47 How does s 52 of the Act clarify this, if at all? In view of the conclusion
we have reached above, _viz_ that s 49(7) of the Act does not apply to a
decision of the High Court made pursuant to s 49(11) of the Act, the defendant
cannot seek to rely on s 49(7). Accordingly, s 52 of the Act is also
irrelevant. Nevertheless, since both counsel spent some time addressing the
point, we will also examine the intent and purport of s 52 of the Act.

48 In our view, the legislative purpose of s 52 is merely to spell out the
jurisdiction and the powers that the Court of Appeal possesses when the High
Court grants leave to appeal pursuant to s 49(7) of the Act. As we have
explained above, this is only in relation to first-tier applications. In such
a situation, the Court of Appeal will consider whether the High Court’s
decision to grant or refuse leave to appeal against an arbitration award is
correct. The result is that the Court of Appeal will have to decide whether to
grant or refuse leave to appeal _against an arbitration award_. In doing so, s
52(3)(_b_) of the Act confirms that the Court of Appeal has the same
jurisdiction and all the powers as the High Court if and when the High Court
decides such a matter.

49 It is also helpful to examine the legislative background to s 52 of the
Act. In LRRD 3/2001 ([16] _supra_) at para 2.41, cl 52 of the Arbitration Bill
2001 which (with minor amendments) is substantially similar to the present s
52 of the Act, is stated to be enacted “[t]o ensure a consistent procedure and
practice in relation to applications for leave to appeal”. It thus appears
that this provision was introduced into the Act more for the purposes of
streamlining the procedural requirements in relation to applications for leave
to appeal than as a provision intended to confer jurisdiction upon the courts.
Interestingly, s 52(1) of the Act stipulates that the applications for leave
to appeal _shall_ be made in such manner as may be prescribed in the Rules. As
a further observation, we also note that this provision has not been modelled
on any other comparative legislation.

50 In our view, s 52(3)(_b_) of the Act merely confirms that the Court of
Appeal has a complementary jurisdiction to that of the High Court if and when
it is properly seised of a matter. Ultimately, the High Court is meant to
fulfil the role of an exclusive gate-keeper for arbitration matters in
relation to the appeals procedure prescribed by the Act. Therefore, it is
_only_ when the High Court decides that leave under s 49(7) of the Act is to
be granted, that the Court of Appeal thereafter has the jurisdiction to hear
the matter. Before elaborating on this point, we note in passing the previous
state of the law under the repealed Act. Under that Act, leave of Court was
not required for an appeal to the Court of Appeal against the High Court’s
decision on an application for leave to appeal from an arbitration award: see
_Hong Huat Development Co (Pte) Ltd v Hiap Hong & Co Pte Ltd_ [2000] 2 SLR 609
at [16]; and _Northern Elevator Manufacturing Sdn Bhd v United Engineers
(Singapore) Pte Ltd_ [2003] 4 SLR 492 (“ _Northern Elevator_ ”) at [12].
However, the Court of Appeal in _Northern Elevator_ went on to observe that
this procedural point was of “limited effect due to the changes effected to
arbitration law by [the Act]” because “[s]ection 49(7) [of the Act] ... is a
new provision that specifies that the leave of the court shall be required for
any appeal from a decision of the court under this section [s 49] to grant or
refuse leave to appeal” (at [11]).

51 Returning to our discussion on the current state of the law, we find
ourselves unable to fully agree with Mr Sreenivasan’s argument that s
52(3)(_b_) of the Act only applied to situations where there had been no
determination by the High Court on the merits of any particular case. While Mr
Sreenivasan is correct to say that where there _has_ been a determination by
the court on the merits of a case, s 52(3)(_b_) does not apply (as is the case
with s 49(7) of the Act), we are of the view that the converse does not
necessarily follow. In our judgment, Mr Sreenivasan’s concession is too
generous: it is not in _all_ cases where there is no determination on the
merits that s 52(3)(_b_) must apply. In a situation where the High Court
refuses to grant leave to appeal pursuant to s 49(7) of the Act against an
initial decision refusing leave to appeal against an arbitration award, even
if there has been no determination on the merits in this type of situation, we
are of the view that s 52(3)(_b_) will have no role to play. The Court of
Appeal simply does not have the jurisdiction to hear such an application. Our
views on s 52(3)(_b_) are reinforced when we consider later the position in
England (see [58] below).

52 In our judgment, this interpretation is consistent with the general policy
that underpins the spine of the Act that is the desirability of finality, and
limited curial intervention, in the arbitral process. The judge correctly
observed in _Ng Chin Siau_ ([6] _supra_) at [34]:

The policy behind the enactment of s 49 of the Act is that curial intervention
in the arbitral process is to be minimised. That is why there is no appeal as
of right against the arbitrator’s decision or against the decision of the High
Court on such an appeal. That is also why the first pre-condition specified in
s 49(11) is that the legal point at issue should be of general importance
rather than something that is only relevant to the parties or a very limited
situation.

We agree entirely with these observations. There is no gainsaying the
rationale behind such a policy: parties having chosen to arbitrate should
usually be bound by the finding of the tribunal and not that of the court; so
whether the court would reach a similar conclusion would not be relevant and
if the court were to come to a different view, the substitution of the court’s
view for that of the tribunal might actually subvert the agreement of the
parties. Indeed, this was recognised and articulated by the Review of
Arbitration Act Committee formed by the Attorney-General in 1997 to review the
arbitration legislation in Singapore (see also the commentary in _Singapore
Arbitration Handbook_ (LexisNexis, 2003) at p 68). It is instructive to refer
to the committee’s report, LRRD 3/2001 ([16] _supra_), at para 2.38:

2.38 _Appeal against awards (Clause 49)_

2.38.1 We considered the desirability of abolishing the right of appeal to the
Court on substantial issues in the arbitration. … This proposition was
accepted by the Law Reform Sub-Committee on Review of Arbitration Law when
they recommended the adoption of [the] Model Law and the enactment of the
International Arbitration Act. In relation to domestic arbitration, the Sub-
Committee suggested that ‘ _the courts should be more closely involved … (both
in order to protect weaker parties and for the purpose of being involved in
the evolution of decisions that concern domestic law and practice)’_. We find
much wisdom in this view and accept that an absolute abolition of the right of
appeal may not be desirable in arbitrations under the domestic regime.
Retaining a limited degree of review by the court is consistent with the
parties’ desire to have the matter decided in accordance with the law as
properly understood and as applied in Singapore. The right of appeal against
awards on questions of law is thus retained in this Bill.

[emphasis in original]

53 Clearly, the objective of retaining a _limited_ degree of review by the
court in so far as domestic arbitrations are concerned was consciously and
deliberately adopted. This is to be contrasted with the position under the
IAA: Except where the High Court has found grounds under s 34 of the IAA or
Art 24 of the Model Law to set aside an award, there is _no right of appeal_.
To be sure, Mr Lok accepted the general policy objectives behind the Act.
However, he contended that these policy objectives only applied in relation to
arbitration matters coming before the courts _for the first time_ ; once an
arbitration matter was properly before the court, these policy considerations
did not apply to any further appeal thereon. We find ourselves unable to agree
with Mr Lok’s submission. In our view, the policy concerns permeate the entire
process of curial intervention apropos arbitration proceedings; and continue
to remain relevant in every pending application before the court.

54 The case of _Henry Boot_ ([16] _supra_) is again instructive: Waller LJ, in
considering s 69(8) of the English Act, noted at 396:

I also reject [counsel for the plaintiff’s] submissions that once matters are
in court the philosophy applicable to arbitrations somehow has no further
application. Parties who have agreed to have their disputes arbitrated should
have finality as speedily as possible and with as little expense as possible …
Limitation on the rights of appeal is consistent with that philosophy: see the
observations of Sir John Donaldson MR in [_Aden Refinery Co Ltd v Ugland
Management Co Ltd_] [1987] QB 650, 655. As Lord Nicholls of Birkenhead
emphasised in _Inco Europe Ltd v First Choice Distribution_ [2001] 1 WLR 586,
590C, many sections of the 1996 Act provide for applications to the court and
some of them restrict appeals from decisions of the court. The Act thus adopts
the same philosophy and the construction I have placed on section 69 is
consistent with its context.

_The English position_

55 We have already briefly considered the English position at [25]–[26] above.
Mr Lok had accepted that the English position is clear that an application for
leave to appeal against the decision of the court on an appeal from an
arbitration award must be heard by the High Court judge who heard the appeal
against the award. In other words, Mr Lok accepts that whenever leave is
required, it is to be made to the court which gave the decision. On the
present facts, this was indeed what was done by Mr Lok – he had taken out such
an application for leave which was turned down. Thus, it is strictly speaking
unnecessary to conduct a further review of the English position in relation to
s 69(8) of the English Act, save to note that _Henry Boot_ has also been
applied in recent cases such as _CGU International Insurance Plc v AstraZeneca
Insurance Co Ltd_ [2007] 1 Lloyd’s Rep 142 (“ _CGU_ ”); and _Cantrell v Wright
& Fuller Ltd_ (2003) 91 Con LR 97.

56 We would however like to make some observations on another English case,
_North Range Shipping Ltd v Seatrans Shipping Corpn_ [2002] 1 WLR 2397 (“
_North Range_ ”), and the more recent case of _CGU_. _North Range_ involved an
application to the Court of Appeal for permission to appeal against a High
Court judge’s (David Steel J’s) refusal to grant leave for an appeal from the
decision of the arbitrators to the High Court, _ie_ , a first-tier
application. Prior to this, the applicant had applied to Steel J for
permission to appeal to the Court of Appeal pursuant to s 69(6) of the English
Act (which is _in pari materia_ with s 49(7) of the Act) from the judge’s
refusal to grant leave. Steel J refused to grant permission without giving any
reasons. It is to be noted, however, that he gave reasons for his initial
refusal to grant leave to appeal to the High Court. The significance of this
point will become clearer shortly. The Court of Appeal granted the application
for permission to appeal but dismissed the appeal.

57 It is noted from the outset that this case involves a different situation
from the present. In _North Range_ , there was no decision on the merits at
any stage of the court proceedings. This alone is sufficient to distinguish
the case and it is therefore of no assistance to the defendant. However, it
will also be apparent that the case does have some bearing in relation to
another issue, an issue that we have expressed our opinion on at [51] above.
To reiterate, this concerns the situation where the High Court refuses leave
to appeal from an arbitration award and further refuses leave to appeal to the
Court of Appeal from such decision. We have already expressed our view that in
such a situation, the aggrieved party’s odyssey comes to an end – he cannot
bring any further application before the Court of Appeal. The decision in
_North Range_ allowing permission to appeal therefore seems, at first blush,
to be at odds with our view. It is in this context that we consider it helpful
to deal with that case. Having said that, it bears mention that this case is
also helpful for a number of other reasons which we now explain.

58 First, we note the observations made in _North Range_ in relation to the
relief that was being sought in that case. At [10] of the judgment, Tuckey LJ
said:

The applicant’s notice of appeal asks this court to give leave to appeal from
the arbitrators’ award. _This court has no jurisdiction to make such an order_
as their counsel Mr Plender conceded. However, his primary submission to us
was that we should allow the appeal from the judge’s refusal to give leave and
remit the application for rehearing by a different commercial judge because
David Steel J’s reasons were inadequate. [emphasis added]

We raise this point because it reinforces our view of the role and purpose of
s 52(3)(_b_) of the Act. There is no comparable provision in the English Act.
When Tuckey LJ says that “[t]his court has no jurisdiction to make … an order
[granting leave to appeal from an arbitration award]” in relation to the
English position, this in our view clearly illustrates a significant
difference between that statutory regime and ours. When this Court is invited
to decide whether to grant or refuse leave to appeal against an arbitration
award (pursuant to the granting of leave by the High Court under s 49(7) of
the Act), s 52(3)(_b_) of the Act confirms that this Court of Appeal has the
same jurisdiction and powers as the High Court when it determines such a
matter. It therefore has the jurisdiction to make an order granting leave to
appeal from an arbitration award. That is one such situation s 52(3)(_b_) is
intended to embrace. In England, it would appear from the portion of Tuckey
LJ’s judgment quoted above that the English Court of Appeal has no such
powers; instead, it would have to allow the appeal from the judge’s refusal to
give leave and _remit the application_ for rehearing by a different High Court
judge.

59  The second reason why _North Range_ is helpful is that it categorically
reaffirms the position on appeals (as declared in _Henry Boot_ ([16] _supra_))
at [11]:

The first question therefore is whether we have jurisdiction to deal with the
case on this basis. _What is clear is that there is no appeal from the judge’s
refusal to give leave on the merits. This follows from the language of the
statute and was confirmed by this court in Henry Boot Construction (UK) Ltd v
Malmaison Hotel (Manchester) Ltd_. … [2001] QB 388. [emphasis added]

By following the position in _Henry Boot_ , the court in _North Range_
confirmed that where the High Court had heard an appeal from an arbitration
award _and had ruled on the merits_ , any refusal to grant leave to appeal to
the Court of Appeal against that decision was final – no appeal would lie
against such refusal.

**_Residual jurisdiction_**

60 Interestingly, _North Range_ also adds another jurisprudential woof to the
jurisprudence discussed thus far – the reliance by the applicant in that case
on the provisions of the Human Rights Act 1998 (c 42) (“HRA”) and the European
Convention for the Protection of Human Rights and Fundamental Freedoms
(“ECHR”), and the court’s discussion of a “residual jurisdiction” which the
Court of Appeal possessed. In _North Range_ , the applicant’s counsel sought
to rely on s 6 of the HRA, which makes it unlawful for a court to act
incompatibly with a Convention right, and argued that the court was required
to give the applicant a right of appeal to enable it to complain that the
process by which the judge reached his decision was unfair and contrary to Art
6 of the ECHR. It must be noted that this submission did not involve a direct
challenge to the correctness of the judge’s decision on the merits of the
application for leave to appeal.

61 The position prior to _North Range_ had been that if the High Court judge
refused permission to appeal to the Court of Appeal under s 69(6) of the
English Act, the Court of Appeal had no jurisdiction to hear an appeal against
such a refusal. This was so determined by the Court of Appeal in _Aden
Refinery Co Ltd v Ugland Management Co Ltd_ [1987] QB 650 (“ _Aden Refinery_
”), a decision that predated the HRA. The basis of this decision was that the
discretion conferred upon the judge under s 69(6) of the English Act was for
him alone. However, the Court of Appeal in _Aden Refinery_ also reserved the
right to intervene in cases where the judge had failed to act judicially and
“in truth never reached ‘a decision’ at all on the grant or refusal of leave,
but had reached his conclusion, not by any intellectual process, but through
bias, chance, whimsy, or personal interest” (_per_ Mustill LJ (as he then was)
at 666). These _dicta_ were applied by the Court of Appeal in _North Range_ on
the basis that “unfairness and misconduct both relate to process” (at [12]),
thereby providing a means for the Court of Appeal to consider the question
whether reasons had to be given by a judge who refused permission to appeal
against his refusal to hear an arbitration claim. The Court of Appeal in
_North Range_ accepted that it had no power to grant permission to appeal
against the judge’s decision to refuse to hear an appeal against an
arbitration award, but held that there was a _residual jurisdiction_ vested in
the Court of Appeal to hear an appeal against a refusal to permit an appeal in
circumstances in which the judge’s decision had allegedly been unfair. Section
69(6) of the English Act was not a bar to an appeal _where the complaint was
one of procedural unfairness_ by the judge in the lower court.

62 The Court of Appeal in _North Range_ held that it had the jurisdiction to
consider whether a judge’s reasons to refuse permission to appeal were
adequate and to set aside his decision if they were not, but it would refuse
permission to appeal against the adequacy of a judge’s reasons in anything
other than the very plainest case. The reasoning of the court at [14] is
instructive:

We accept Mr Plender’s submissions on the question of jurisdiction. If, as is
accepted, there is a residual jurisdiction in this court to set aside a
judge’s decision for misconduct then there can be no reason in principle why
the same relief should not be available in a case of unfairness. _Each is
directed at the integrity of the decision-making process or the decision
maker_ , which the courts must be vigilant to protect, and _does not directly
involve an attack on the decision itself_. [emphasis added]

The result was that the applicant was granted permission to appeal but since
the judge had given entirely adequate reasons for his decision, the appeal
would be dismissed. As the court observed (at [32]), there are “dangers
inherent in an attack on the adequacy of reasons. Only their adequacy is in
issue; not whether or not they are correct”.

63 We note further that the “exceptional jurisdiction” exercised by the Court
of Appeal in _North Range_ was again exercised in _BLCT Ltd v J Sainsbury plc_
[2004] 2 P & CR 3. The bulk of the arguments in the latter case focused on s
69(5) of the English Act (no requirement of oral hearing for leave to appeal
applications) and whether a denial of an oral hearing on the facts of that
case contravened Art 6 of the ECHR. The applicant further argued that the
restriction contained in s 69(6) of the English Act was itself incompatible
with Art 6 of the ECHR. In considering these arguments, the Court of Appeal
relied on _North Range_ and accepted that it had a residual jurisdiction to
grant relief in a case of unfairness, but held that there was none in the
circumstances. It is instructive to refer to the relevant passage in Arden
LJ’s judgment where the learned judge asked herself (at [45]) whether the
restriction contained in s 69(6) of the English Act:

… would apply to the refusal of a judge to recuse himself on the grounds of
bias. It would certainly be very odd if the refusal of the judge to give leave
against that decision meant that the appellant had no avenue of appeal to the
Court of Appeal. _In my judgment, the answer lies not in any incompatibility
with the Convention but in the residual jurisdiction articulated in the_ North
Range _case_. [emphasis added]

As noted by Robert Merkin in _Arbitration Law_ (Lloyd’s of London Press Ltd,
1991), at para 21.63:

The outcome of _North Range Shipping_ and _Sainsbury_ is, therefore that the
Court of Appeal has a residual jurisdiction to give permission for an appeal
to it in cases where unfairness would otherwise result from the manner in
which the trial judge determined the application for permission to appeal
against the award.

64 The most recent pronouncement in England (as far as we are aware) on the
issue of a residual jurisdiction in this area is the case of _CGU_ ([55]
_supra_), where the English Court of Appeal confirmed the correctness of the
decision in _North Range_ : see _CGU_ at [66]. _CGU_ concerned an application
to a judge for permission to appeal against his substantive decision on an
appeal from an arbitration award (under s 69(8) of the English Act) which was
refused. This was different from _North Range_ which concerned a refusal by a
judge to grant permission to appeal against an arbitration award (under s
69(6) of the English Act), although the relevant principles governing a
challenge to the judge’s refusal were regarded as identical: see _CGU_ at
[65]. In that sense, _CGU_ is even more relevant to the present case than
_North Range_. What was in issue in _CGU_ was whether _North Range_ was
decided _per incuriam_ inasmuch as it held that a residual jurisdiction did
exist to remedy a breach of the Art 6 (of the ECHR) requirement of fair
process. Rix LJ, in giving the leading judgment of the court, held at [59]
that:

… _North Range_ was not decided _per incuriam_ , is binding on this court, and
is correct in holding that a residual jurisdiction exists for reviewing on
appeal the misconduct or unfairness of a first instance judge’s determination
concerning the grant or refusal of leave to appeal.

65 Rix LJ, however, went on to analyse the decision in _North Range_ , and it
was possible in his view to do so “in more than one way” (at [67]). Briefly,
the first possible explanation of _North Range_ the learned judge suggested
was that s 69 of the English Act “could be construed all by itself as dealing
only with decisions on the merits, and not with a process undermined by
misconduct or unfairness” (at [68]). On that basis, the learned judge was of
the view that the _Lane v Esdaile_ ([42] _supra_) principle, which was a
principle of construction, could be distinguished. The second explanation was
that the residual jurisdiction was conferred by virtue of the HRA, _ie_ , the
source of the jurisdiction could be found in the HRA itself. The third and
last possibility, and the one which Rix LJ preferred, was an approach based on
a construction of s 69 of the English Act. He held that the proper
interpretation of the judgment in _North Range_ was that the construction of s
69 of the English Act was modified, in accordance with the obligation on
judges imposed by the HRA to construe legislation consistently with the ECHR,
“so as to exclude from its possible ambit any challenge which went to
misconduct or unfairness in the process, as distinct from the merits of the
decision” (at [70]) (also see _Arbitration Law_ ([63] _supra_) at para 21.63).
The learned judge’s reasoning is instructive and merits a careful appraisal,
at [71]–[72]:

In my judgment, it is at least a possible construction that section 69(8) is
not purporting to deal with appeals from the first instance judge on the basis
of his own misconduct or the unfairness of the process. The whole context of
section 69 is an appeal on the merits. … While it is understandable that a
challenge to the award based on serious irregularity (affecting the tribunal,
the proceedings or the award) should be dealt with expressly by the statute,
it is equally understandable that the statute does not expressly deal with,
indeed it may be said does not contemplate, misconduct or unfairness (and all
misconduct is a form of unfairness) by the court. The statute may not
contemplate such failure in the judicial process, and indeed it is likely to
be quite exceptional and rare, but in theory it may occur. If it should occur,
what reason is there for thinking that Parliament intended that it should be
swept under the carpet by the judge’s own power to refuse leave to appeal to
the Court of Appeal? The same question arises if the unfairness occurs not in
the conduct of the judicial appeal at first instance, but in the process of
considering an application for leave to appeal to the Court of Appeal.

The truth of the matter is: there are all sorts of contexts in which, for good
reason, Parliament has provided that there should be restrictions on the
appeal process, and a limit to appellate jurisdiction. In such situations, for
the reasons given in _Lane v Esdaile_ , it is natural to conclude that, even
in the absence of express language, the statute intended the lower court’s
discretion as to whether or not to give permission to appeal to a higher court
to be exclusive and final. _However, there is no similar rationality, it may
be said no good reason at all, for thinking that a court’s unfairness is to be
left incapable of appellate review_.

[emphasis added]

Accordingly, Rix LJ was of the view that a challenge to the refusal of the
judge to grant permission to appeal under s 69(6) (or, as the case might be, s
69(8)) of the English Act could not be brought before the English Court of
Appeal on the merits of his ruling but it could be made where the judge’s
decision was on procedural grounds in truth not a decision at all: in such a
case, Rix LJ was of the view that the application to the English Court of
Appeal was not under s 69 of the English Act but rather under s 16(1) of the
Supreme Court Act 1981 (c 54), which provides for the English Court of Appeal
to have jurisdiction “to hear and determine appeals from any judgment or order
of the High Court”.

66 It must also be noted, however, that Rix LJ in _CGU_ was quick to underline
that this residual jurisdiction would only be exercised when there was “not
merely an error of law, but such a substantial defect in the fairness of the
process as to invalidate the decision” (at [79]). In the court’s view,
perversity in itself – a decision that no reasonable decision-maker could make
– was not enough. It had to be something which amounted to unfairness in the
process, such as deciding on the basis of a litigant’s skin colour (at [85]).

67 We have covered the position in England in some detail. It must be noted
that the statutory requirements of the ECHR and the HRA do not feature at all
in our jurisdiction in the sense that we do not have similar legislation in
Singapore. Therefore, this line of cases and the jurisprudence which it
explicates must be carefully read in its proper context. Having said that,
however, Rix LJ in _CGU_ astutely pointed out that he was not concerned in
that case “with the width of judicial review, but with the distinction between
a decision on the merits, right or wrong, and the process by which the
decision is supposedly taken, adequate or flawed by unfairness” (at [46]). In
the learned judge’s opinion, the _dictum_ of Mustill LJ in _Aden Refinery_
([61] _supra_) demonstrated, _even before the HRA_ , the limits of the _Lane v
Esdaile_ ([42] _supra_) principle, and “the need for a residual jurisdiction
to deal with misconduct or unfairness (or even mischance) in the decision
making process, if it can be found consistently with the dictates of the
relevant statutes” (at [47]).

68 In our judgment, when considering s 49 of the Act, it is plain that
Parliament could not have intended any unfair process of the High Court to be
absolutely immune from appellate review. In a scenario where an appeal process
has been allowed, this court cannot take the view that even the most egregious
situation involving a lower court has been shielded from appellate review.
While such situations will be infrequent, they may nevertheless occur. Do we
then throw up our hands and avert our gazes from the injustice that may have
been occasioned? We do not think that Parliament would condone such a
parochial judicial attitude (see also _CGU_ at [71]). If there was no
“decision”, surely this court has the residual discretion to direct another
judge to hear the application. As characterised by Mustill LJ in _Aden
Refinery_ at 662:

[T]here was no way in which Parliament could have achieved its object [of
eliminating delays which might frustrate the primary purpose of the
arbitration statute], for however hard the legislature tried to prevent an
appeal, there was no form of words which could exclude an overriding
discretion to intervene when the circumstances are such that the judge either
failed in any true sense to exercise a discretion, or based his exercise on
flawed foundations.

Therefore, in our view, the Court of Appeal has a residual jurisdiction to
enquire into unfairness in the process of a refusal of leave under s 49(11) of
the Act read together with ss 29A(3) and 29A(4) of the SCJA. We agree that
there is a distinction to be drawn between a decision on the merits and the
process by which that decision is reached. Where the Court of Appeal exercises
this residual jurisdiction, it does so _only_ to correct the _process_ of
decision-making of the High Court; it does not purport – indeed, it does not
have the jurisdiction – to interfere with the _merits_ of a decision of the
High Court. However, and this is a point we cannot over-emphasise, since there
is not even the slightest hint of any allegation of procedural unfairness by
the defendant, the issue of an exercise of the residual jurisdiction does not
arise in the present case. The question of what exactly will constitute
procedural unfairness such as to be able to invoke the assistance of the court
in the exercise of its residual jurisdiction will have to be determined in an
appropriate case in the future, if and when it so arises.

69 All that is left for us to do at present is to emphasise the importance of
what was also said in _North Range_ ([56] _supra_) and _CGU_ about the dangers
of this residual jurisdiction being misused. Any inclination by counsel in
future cases, even an unconscious one, to masquerade an unfavourable decision
as one which is not only wrong but arrived at unfairly, should be resolutely
resisted unless plainly and amply supported by the facts. A failure to rein in
an unwarranted inclination may result in adverse costs consequences. We stress
that in the nature of things it is likely to be an exceptionally unusual case
where the submission of processoral unfairness is justifiably advanced. The
existence of this residual jurisdiction, which is necessary to prevent
injustice, cannot itself be turned on its head to become a forensic tool for
undermining the process of arbitration and the legislative intent.

**Costs**

70 In view of our finding that this court does not have the jurisdiction to
hear this application, the entire application was flawed _in limine_. In the
usual course of events, this should naturally result in costs being awarded to
the plaintiffs.

71 However, in describing the procedural history of this application, we have
made reference to the fact that the parties had initially _agreed_ that this
court had the jurisdiction to hear such an application. Indeed, at the end of
the hearing of this application when we had to decide the question of costs,
Mr Sreenivasan forthrightly acknowledged the role he had played in this
befuddled application. When asked what would be a fair costs order, Mr
Sreenivasan replied that he was only seeking to receive half of the costs of
the entire application. Mr Lok submitted in reply that since the court had
only substantively dealt with the jurisdiction point, he urged the court not
to award the entire amount of his opponent’s costs. He suggested that an order
for a quarter of the costs be granted.

72 We agreed with Mr Sreenivasan that an order for the defendant to pay half
of the costs of the entire application was appropriate in the circumstances.
Both counsel had spent considerable time and effort in preparing for their
respective cases on the merits of the application for leave to appeal. This
work was completed before we invited counsel to make submissions on the
preliminary jurisdictional issues. Even though we did not hear any arguments
on the merits of the application proper, we are of the view that since
substantial work was done, the defendant having been unsuccessful with this
application should be made to bear half of the costs of the entire application
with the usual consequential orders to apply.

**Conclusion**

73 We now summarise our views:

(a) An application under s 49(11) of the Act for leave to appeal against a
decision of the High Court on the merits of an appeal against an arbitration
award cannot be brought to the Court of Appeal.

(b) Where the High Court has made its decision either to allow or to refuse
leave to appeal to the Court of Appeal under s 49(11) of the Act, that
decision is final. Section 49(7) of the Act does not have any application in
such a scenario.

(c) Section 52(3)(_b_) of the Act confirms that the Court of Appeal has the
same jurisdiction and powers as the High Court when hearing an application for
leave to appeal _from an arbitration award_. However, this provision _only_
applies if the High Court has granted prior leave to appeal pursuant to s
49(7) of the Act in relation to its initial decision either granting or
refusing leave to appeal from an arbitration award.

(d) The Court of Appeal has a residual jurisdiction to deal with any
unfairness in the decision-making process in the High Court in relation to an
appeal from an arbitration award. However, the situations in which this may
occur will have to be exceptional.

(e) For the avoidance of doubt, nothing in this decision affects the right of
a party to make an application to the High Court under s 48 of the Act to set
aside an arbitration award and thereafter the unfettered right of appeal to
the Court of Appeal.

74 For these reasons, we dismissed the application.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 27 Sep 2007 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

