Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Lim Cheng Liang and Another v 33 Boat Quay Pte Ltd and Another  
[2007] SGHC 125

Case Number | : | OS 519/2007  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 06 August 2007  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Choo Han Teck J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Kesavan Nair (David Lim & Partners) for the plaintiffs; Kevin Kwek Yiu Wing (Legal Solutions LLC) for the defendants   
Parties | : |  Lim Cheng Liang; Lim Siew Lun — 33 Boat Quay Pte Ltd; 34 Boat Quay Pte Ltd   
  
6 August 2007 |   
---|---  
  
Choo Han Teck J:

1 This vendor-purchaser summons was taken out by the plaintiffs for a
declaration that, under the terms of the contracts for the sale and purchase
of two properties known as 33 and 34 Boat Quay respectively, the plaintiffs as
purchasers were not obliged to pay a further sum of $100,000 for each of the
two properties, and conversely, that the defendants as vendors were not
entitled to those sums. The peculiar problem arose in this way. One Chou Li
Chen (“Chou”), who was a director of the defendant companies, signed a
contract with the plaintiffs on the morning of 18 October 2006 (“the earlier
agreement”), offering “ _to cause 33 Boat Quay Pte. Ltd. and 34 Boat Quay Pte.
Ltd. each to enter into an Agreement for Sale and Purchase with you or to
grant you with an Option to Purchase upon the specific terms and conditions as
follows_ ”. The main term in issue was in the following words:

2\. The respective sales and purchases shall be subject to the existing
tenancy(ies) with V 4X Joint Venture as ‘the Tenant’ per the Tenancy Agreement
dated 7th December 2004; and in the unlikely event of any one of the said
sales and purchases being able to be subsequently altered as “ _not_ subject
to the existing tenancy”, then you will agree to pay S$100,000/- more for that
particular sale-and-purchase.

[emphasis in original]

2 Later, on the same day, a solicitor was appointed to represent the parties
and drafted the sale and purchase agreements which were executed on the same
day between the plaintiffs and Chou who signed on behalf of the defendants
(“the sale and purchase agreements”). Under cl 1 of the earlier agreement, the
terms and conditions of the sale and purchase agreements were to be drafted in
accordance with the entire agreement. Crucially, cl 13 of the sale and
purchase agreements provided as follows:

13 The Property is sold with existing tenancy to V 4X Joint Venture (‘the
Tenant’) as per copy of stamped tenancy agreement dated 7th December 2004
attached but with the exclusion of the therein-installed computer system
equipment and facilities save with permission for its use by the Purchasers
and the Tenant. If the Vendor is able to deliver vacant possession on
completion, then the Purchaser shall pay Dollars One Hundred Thousand
($100,000.00) more for the purchase price.

3 It will be useful to explain the significance of the difference in the words
of cl 13 of the sale and purchase agreements, and cl 2 of the earlier
agreement (set out at [1] above). The two properties in question were
initially tenanted by a tenant known as “V 4X Joint Venture”. The tenancy
commenced on 1 January 2005 and was for two years. There was also a provision
for a further renewal but that is not relevant to the issues in this action.
On 29 March 2006, V 4X Joint Venture became a sole proprietorship of Patrician
Holdings Pte Ltd (“Patrician”). Patrician then incorporated V 4X Joint Venture
Pte Ltd on 13 July 2006 and terminated the business of V 4X Joint Venture on
30 September 2006. V 4X Joint Venture Pte Ltd continued to pay rent to the
defendants and it maintained that the defendants were aware of the change in
the identity of the tenant, and further, that the defendants had accepted the
renewal notice given by the new entity V 4X Joint Venture Pte Ltd. Mr Kwek,
counsel for the defendants, submitted that the defendants did not know that
the entity had changed, and when they eventually found out, served a notice to
quit on V 4X Joint Venture Pte Ltd. On 15 December 2006, the defendants’
solicitors gave notice to V 4X Joint Venture Pte Ltd that they were
trespassers. The latter responded on 19 December 2006 denying the allegation.

4 The sale and purchase of the two properties were thus completed on 31
December 2006 without vacant possession. The dispute between the parties
involved the question as to whether cl 13 of the sale and purchase agreements
or cl 2 of the earlier agreement was the operative term of the parties’
agreement. If cl 13 applied, the defendants would not be entitled to the
further sum of $200,000 ($100,000 for each of the two properties) since they
were unable to hand over vacant possession. However, if cl 2 of the earlier
agreement applied, then the defendants might be so entitled since, as Mr Kwek
claimed, the existing tenancy had been terminated and the contracts for sale
were “not subject to the existing tenancy”. If this were right, it would lead
to the result of the plaintiffs no longer having a tenant to negotiate the
terms of continuing the tenancy, and more significantly, they would be left
with a “trespasser” if the vacant possession term in the sale and purchase
agreements had no application.

5 Mr Kwek advanced two arguments. First, he submitted that the earlier
agreement should be used to interpret the sale and purchase agreements. This
would, in effect, substitute cl 13 of the sale and purchase agreements with cl
2 of the earlier agreement. I do not think that that would be right. The
operative words in the sale and purchase agreements (_ie,_ cl 13) are clear
and do not require interpretation. The contract was drafted by a solicitor and
executed by the parties, and in the case of the defendants, by the same
director who had signed the earlier agreement. Furthermore, whether the
existing tenancy had been terminated appeared to be a matter in dispute
between V 4X Joint Venture Pte Ltd and the defendants. The remedies for the
defendants insofar as the $200,000 was concerned lay elsewhere than against
the plaintiffs.

6 The second argument put forward by Mr Kwek was that the two agreements ran
concurrently and therefore cl 2 of the earlier agreement can still apply. I do
not think this is a tenable argument. Clause 1 of the earlier agreement
specifically referred to an agreement to follow. Chou made it clear in the
earlier agreement that he was offering to cause the owners to enter into an
agreement with the plaintiffs or otherwise grant an option to purchase to
them. The earlier agreement was binding until subsequent agreements were
executed.

7 When that was done, the earlier agreement became subsumed in the final
contracts (ie, the sale and purchase agreements). A clearly expressed term
would be required in the final contracts if any term in the earlier one was to
be preserved, but that would, in practice, be unnecessary because, given that
the two contracts were not very long or complex, the parties could easily have
incorporated the term into the final contract. The solicitor who drafted the
sale and purchase agreements had not given evidence as to whether the phrasing
of cl 13 was a mistake on his part or otherwise. Either way, the plaintiffs
could not be faulted.

8 For the reasons above, I gave judgment in favour of the plaintiffs. Mr Kwek
has requested for a certification that no further arguments are required
pursuant to s 34(1)(c) of the Supreme Court of Judicature Act (Cap 322, 1999
Rev Ed). This is unnecessary because a final order was made and therefore, s
34(1)(c) does not apply.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 06 Aug 2007 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

