Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Lim Ah Neu v Tan Tiow Jin  
[2007] SGHC 99

Case Number | : | Suit 656/2006  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 26 June 2007  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Choo Han Teck J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Vincent Yeoh (Vincent Yeoh & Co) for the plaintiff; Tan Kay Kheng and Melvin See (Wong Partnership) for the defendant   
Parties | : |  Lim Ah Neu — Tan Tiow Jin   
  
26 June 2007 |  Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Choo Han Teck J:

1 The plaintiff sued her son in this action for the return of 30,500 shares
that she claimed were sold to him at his request for $500,000 sometime in July
2004. The shares were in the family company known as Tan Gin Huat Holdings Pte
Ltd. This was a holding company incorporated by the plaintiff’s husband and
which he had given its shares to his six children. The company has no assets
of great value other than a piece of real property that might be sold en bloc.

2 The plaintiff testified that the defendant told her that he would deposit
the purchase price into her savings account. He then brought her to see his
accountant Low Tin Kee (“Low”). Low testified that he had asked to see the
cheque that the defendant was issuing in payment of the shares and on 22 July
2004 was shown a Citibank cheque dated 22 July 2004 for $500,000 in favour of
the plaintiff. Low went to the plaintiff’s home on 24 July 2004 to witness the
execution of the transfer of shares.

3 Low then arranged for the transfer form to be stamped and he also prepared a
directors’ resolution approving the transfer. This was signed by the defendant
but his brother, Tan Kim Seng (“Kim Seng”) who was the other director refused
to sign because he did not approve of the transaction, on a personal basis,
namely, that he did not think there was any reason for the plaintiff to sell
her shares. He thought that if she needed money for medical expenses, he would
provide for it. The plaintiff had been living in Kim Seng’s house but moved
into the defendant’s house some years before the alleged transaction. When the
defendant did not pay, she moved back to her other son’s house.

4 No money was deposited into the plaintiff’s savings account and she
maintained that no cheque was given to her either. In this action, the
plaintiff alleged that the defendant was in breach of contract and by her
solicitors’ letter dated 5 September 2006, she had accepted the breach and
terminated the sale agreement. She now demanded the return of her shares.

5 It was not disputed that the defendant tendered payment of the $500,000 in
three casher’s orders which he said were made at the request of the plaintiff
by a letter written by her dated 12 September 2006. That letter read as
follows:

Re: My undertaking to you

I refer to the Transfer of the 30,500 shares in Messrs Tan Gim Huat Holdings
Pte Ltd which were sold to me at the consideration sum of S$500,000. I
undertake to pay the consideration sum of S$500,000 to you as full and final
settlement by 8th September 2006.

This letter was written in English and the plaintiff affixed her thumbprint on
it. She testified that she was shown the letter at the defendant’s house on 30
August 2006, and her nephew Sutjianto Lim (“Sutjianto”) explained to her that
if she wanted the shares back she should agree to place her thumbprint on the
document “and the matter is resolved”. She said that Sutjianto then guided her
hand to place the thumbprint on the letter.

6 The defendant did not challenge the sale transaction in July 2004 but
averred that payment was made by way of cheque and that it was the plaintiff
who did not present the cheque for payment and when the cheque expired after
six months, he reminded her and asked how she wanted payment to be made. The
defendant called Sutjianto to testify on his behalf. Sutjianto disputed the
plaintiff’s account of the events and supported the defendant’s version.

7 The plaintiff called Low to testify. His evidence was largely neutral since
the sale was not disputed and he had no knowledge of any private arrangement
between the mother and son litigants as to how the cheque was to be handed
over or deposited. The plaintiff also called her daughter Tan Ah Jee who
testified that she brought the plaintiff to a solicitor after learning about
the events from her in August 2006. Tan Ah Jee also testified that she sold
her shares in the company to the defendant in October 1989 for $135,405. She
signed the transfer form but did not realise until November 2005 that she had
not been paid. She asked for the return of her shares and the defendant
returned them to her. In 1989, the younger brother Tan Ew Jin also sold his
shares to the defendant for $135,405. He died in April 1999 and when his
estate found out in 2006 that he had not been paid, it demanded payment and
was paid $438,000 by the defendant instead of the original purchase price of
$135,405.

8 The defendant had not given notice to the Accounting and Corporate
Regulatory Authority as to the alleged transfer. The plaintiff remains on
record as the owner of the shares. The plaintiff’s claim was based on a breach
of contract and a total failure of consideration. Fraud was not pleaded. The
defendant pleaded that he had performed his part of the contract by tendering
a cheque in payment and that if the plaintiff did not deposit the cheque she
could not hold him liable. In the alternative, the defendant pleaded that
there was an agreement in writing, that is, the memorandum of 1 September 2006
set out above and that the defendant had also performed his part under that
agreement by tendering three cashiers’ orders in payment.

9 The defence did not fully address the issue of a total failure of
consideration. Mr Tan, counsel for the defendant submitted at trial that the
defendant was still willing to make payment. This ought to have been pleaded
but, for reasons in this judgment, the omission had no relevance to my
decision.

10 The incontrovertible fact was that the plaintiff was not paid for her
shares. Unless there was evidence to absolve the buyer, the contract failed
for want of consideration. The plaintiff’s solicitors sent a letter of demand
dated 28 August 2006 asking for the return of her shares. Instead of
responding to the solicitors, the defendant brought the plaintiff to another
lawyer, namely, Mr Teo Eng Leong (“Mr Teo”) on 31 August 2006 and on 1
September 2006, the plaintiff appeared to execute a memorandum accepting
payment by 8 September 2006 in three cashiers’ orders.

11 Mr Teo, the solicitor who the defendant said advised the plaintiff did not
testify in court. Sutjianto gave a credible account of his childhood in the
plaintiff’s household and his fondness for the plaintiff, but failed to
persuade me in his account regarding the memorandum of 1 September 2006 and I
do not accept the account of his role in explaining the content of the
memorandum to the plaintiff. The defendant did not satisfactorily explain why
he asked the nephew, Sujianto and the lawyer Mr Teo to explain the memorandum
to the plaintiff when he ought to have responded to the plaintiff’s
solicitors. I do not accept that the plaintiff knew what the memorandum of 1
September 2006 was and that her rescission on 6 September 2006 of the contract
was a valid rescission. The plaintiff’s evidence was not perfect and there
were moments in her testimony when she could not recall the events precisely
or even consistently, but few witnesses who are as physically and mentally
frail as the plaintiff appeared to me, could be expected to do so. The
plaintiff was, however, not senile and was able to give an account of the
important events. On the whole, I am inclined to accept her evidence. I am not
inclined to accept the defendant’s explanation and account of the history of
the sale of the shares from July 2004 to 1 September 2006.

12 There will therefore be judgment for the plaintiff as prayed. Costs will be
taxed if not agreed.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 26 Jun 2007 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

