Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Susilawati v American Express Bank Ltd  
[2007] SGHC 179

Case Number | : | Suit 305/2006  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 18 October 2007  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Lai Siu Chiu J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Siraj Omar, Tandip Singh and Dian Chen (Tan Kok Quan Partnership) for the plaintiff; Francis Xavier, Boey Swee Siang, Dawn Wee and Ho Hua Chyi (Rajah & Tann) for the defendant   
Parties | : |  Susilawati — American Express Bank Ltd   
  
Banking – Secrecy – Customer of bank executing charge over account to secure
son-in-law's liabilities – Situations where bank could disclose information to
guarantor about debtor's liabilities  
  
Civil Procedure – Costs – Whether standard or indemnity costs should be
awarded for winning party whose conduct not blameless  
  
Contract – Undue influence – Customer of bank executing charge over account to
secure son-in-law's liabilities – Whether presumption of undue influence
arising  
  
Equity – Fiduciary relationships – When arising – Customer of bank executing
charge over account to secure son-in-law's liabilities – Whether fiduciary
relationship arising between bank and customer  
  

18 October 2007 |  Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Lai Siu Chiu J:

1 The present suit involves allegations of undue influence and breach of
fiduciary duties brought by a customer against a bank for losses allegedly
incurred from the execution of a third party charge.

The facts

2 The plaintiff Susilawati is a wealthy Indonesian citizen, married to a
prominent Indonesian businessman, one Mr. Gustimego, until his death in April
2002. Her late husband owned an Indonesian conglomerate known as the Gajah
Tunggal group which businesses _inter alia_ comprised rubber remilling and
supply of rubber tyres for vehicles and bicycles, commodities trading, hotels
and even the largest private commercial bank in Indonesia known as Bank Dagang
Negara Indonesia.

3 The defendant American Express Bank Limited is a limited liability
corporation incorporated in the United States of America providing, among
other things, private banking services to high net worth individuals in
Singapore.

4 The plaintiff had been a customer of the defendant’s private banking
division since 27 August 1997 when she opened an account (“the Account”) with
them. On or about 11 February 1998, the plaintiff executed a document entitled
“Third Party Liabilities” (“the Charge”), under which the plaintiff granted a
charge in favour of the defendant over all monies in the Account to secure the
due and punctual discharge of all monies, obligations and liabilities due from
her son-in-law, Lim Thian Long (“Tommy”), to the Defendant.

5 Between 1998 and 2006, Tommy incurred substantial debts to the defendant
which consisted of losses from foreign exchange transactions which he effected
through his account with the defendant, as well as loans made to him by the
defendant. By March 2006, Tommy’s liabilities to the defendant, including
interest, amounted to a staggering sum of about US$17.4 million.

6 As a result of Tommy’s inability to discharge his liabilities, the defendant
effected the deduction of a sum of US$17,560,390.98 from the Account pursuant
to the terms of the Charge, soon after which the plaintiff commenced this
action to recover a sum of US$17,500,605 from the defendant.

The pleadings

7 The plaintiff asserted two causes of action against the defendant, namely,
(i) that Tommy had a relationship with the plaintiff of such a nature as to
give rise to a presumption of undue influence, and that the plaintiff’s
signature on the Charge had been procured by this undue influence, of which
defendant had actual or constructive knowledge, thus rendering the Charge void
and unenforceable; and (ii) that the defendant owed fiduciary duties to the
plaintiff, which the defendant had breached, resulting in losses suffered by
the plaintiff, for which she is entitled to damages.

8 The defendant on the other hand maintained that the plaintiff had executed
the Charge in the exercise of her free and independent mind, in the full
knowledge that she was pledging the sums in the plaintiff’s Account as
security to cover Tommy’s liabilities. Alternatively, the defendant averred
that the plaintiff had affirmed the Charge by continuing to operate and make
investments through the Account, thus making it inequitable to set aside the
Charge, since the defendant had, in reliance on the plaintiff’s acquiescence,
acted to its detriment by continuing to make available banking facilities to
Tommy. Finally, the defendant denied that it owed the plaintiff any fiduciary
duties or (if it did) that those alleged duties were breached.

The plaintiff’s case

9 The plaintiff’s action can be categorized into two broad heads of claim,
namely, undue influence and breach of fiduciary duty, each of which will be
dealt with separately.

**_Undue influence_**

10 The plaintiff’s claim of undue influence was essentially premised on two
main allegations. First, at the time of the purported execution of the Charge,
the plaintiff had reposed trust and confidence in Tommy, and the transaction
was one that “called for an explanation” and was not readily explicable
because of her relationship with Tommy. Second, the defendant had actual or
constructive notice of those facts and yet failed to advise her adequately
prior to the execution of the Charge.

11 Pursuant to the foregoing allegations, the plaintiff painted an unmitigated
picture of naivety and dependence as follows. Around mid-1997, the plaintiff
had allegedly opened an account with Citibank upon the advice and
recommendation of Tommy and had left the subsequent management of the account
in his hands because she did not have much experience in dealing with banks.
In early 1998, Tommy allegedly told the plaintiff that he was opening an
account with the defendant and suggested that she did the same. The plaintiff
subsequently did so and authorized Tommy and his wife (her daughter Zina) to
transact all transactions under the Account with the exception of withdrawals.

12 Against this backdrop, the plaintiff submitted that the Charge was
manifestly disadvantageous to her as she gained absolutely no benefit
whatsoever. Instead, she stood to potentially lose all the funds in the
Account if Tommy’s liabilities were substantial (as turned out to be the case)
and he could not repay them. In addition, the plaintiff denied any
recollection of signing the Charge and alleged that the document was never
explained to her. In her view, the only plausible explanation for her
signature on the document was that the document was one of many that Tommy had
asked her to sign following the opening of the Account. She signed the
documents in reliance upon Tommy’s assurances that they were routine documents
necessary for the management of the Account.

13 The plaintiff alleged that the defendant was put on inquiry of this
relationship of undue influence and yet failed to take any reasonable steps to
ensure that she knew the nature and effect of the document that she was
executing.

**_Breach of fiduciary duty_**

14 The plaintiff’s second cause of action lay in her allegation that the
defendant had breached its fiduciary duties to the plaintiff, which she
characterized as follows. As the plaintiff’s private banker, the defendant
agreed and undertook to provide her with a highly personalized level of
service, including investment advice tailored to suit her individual needs and
requirements, and therefore knew or ought to have known that she relied on the
latter to counsel, advise and inform her. The defendant had a duty not to
place itself in situations where its own interests were contrary to and
otherwise in conflict with those of the plaintiff, but nevertheless failed to
do so.

15 The defendant’s alleged breach of fiduciary duties therefore stemmed from
the two-fold failure to ensure that the plaintiff was fully aware of and had
understood the significance of the Charge when she purportedly executed the
document and to inform the plaintiff that the defendant had placed itself in a
position where her interest in minimising any potential liability to herself
was in conflict with the defendant’s own interests.

16 By continuing to derive income from Tommy’s continued use of the extended
trading facilities and continuing to keep the Charge in force so that the
plaintiff’s funds in the Account could be used as security for any liabilities
incurred by Tommy under those facilities, the defendant had breached its
fiduciary duties to the plaintiff resulting in losses for which she was
entitled to claim damages.

The defendant’s case

**_Undue influence_**

17 In response to the flurry of allegations set out above, the defendant
argued that the plaintiff was a high net worth individual who independently
made her own financial decisions and was the dominant person in her
relationship with Tommy.

18 In addition, the defendant asserted that the plaintiff was fully aware of
the purport and consequences of the Charge which she executed, as the terms
and consequences of the Charge had been explained to her by Lim Chee Kong
(“LCK”) (DW1), her former relationship manager. In the same vein, the
defendant suggested that the plaintiff had executed the Charge because she
intended to assist Tommy financially, as he had been pleading with her for
financial help for some time.

19 The defendant also denied that it had actual or constructive notice of any
such alleged undue influence, and in any event had, by explaining the terms
and effect of the Charge _i.e._ that the monies in the Account would be
pledged to cover Tommy’s liabilities to the defendant, taken reasonable steps
to satisfy itself that the proper consent of the surety had been obtained.

20 Finally, the defendant submitted that despite being reminded as early as
September 2001 that substantial amounts of her funds had been pledged to the
defendant as security for Tommy’s debts, the plaintiff did not take any steps
to revoke the Charge or to withdraw her funds. Given that she continued to
transact through the Account and make investments through the same, she had
elected to affirm the Charge. The defendant had relied on such conduct and
continued to extend credit facilities to Tommy to its detriment, thus
rendering it inequitable for the plaintiff to set aside the transactions he
had made and the losses consequent thereon.

**_Breach of fiduciary duty_**

21 As for the allegation of breach of fiduciary duty, the defendant denied
that the circumstances of the case gave rise to a fiduciary relationship as
there was no form of “unfair” conduct on the part of the defendant, nor did
the defendant provide any “advice” to the plaintiff in respect of the Charge.

22 Alternatively, the defendant submitted, even if a fiduciary relationship
had arisen between the parties, the defendant did not breach any of its
fiduciary obligations to the plaintiff as (i) it had not withheld any
information from the plaintiff as regards any possible risks when she executed
the Charge, nor did it take advantage of the plaintiff in any way; (ii) the
defendant had not placed itself in a position where its duty to the plaintiff
conflicted with its interest – the plaintiff herself had informed LCK that she
wanted to assist Tommy, as he had been pleading for her financial help; and
(iii) at the time when the plaintiff executed the Charge, she was well aware
that Tommy was going to benefit from the same, as the nature, terms and
consequences of the Charge had been explained to her.

The findings

23 I preface my findings by observing that the witnesses’ accounts and
recollections of the events which had taken place were riddled with
inconsistencies and often directly contradicted one another. My findings of
fact are therefore intertwined with my assessment of the credibility of the
witnesses and will be elaborated upon below.

**_Undue influence_**

_Applicable Law_

24 The law has long established guidelines to protect individuals who provide
guarantees or otherwise act as sureties for banks or other lending
institutions in respect of liabilities owed to such institutions by a third
party. Such protection is not afforded to all such sureties, but only to those
that the law deems require such protection. The effect of these guidelines is
that suretyship contracts that do not satisfy these guidelines are deemed to
be void and unenforceable against the sureties.

25 Pursuant to these guidelines, the trite categorization of impugned
transactions into cases of “actual” and “presumed” undue influence (_Bank of
Credit and Commerce International SA v Aboody_ [1990] 1 QB 923) has been
widely endorsed and applied in the local context. We are, for the purposes of
the present case, concerned with the latter categorization, regarding which
Andrew Ang JC (as he then was) in _The Bank of East Asia Ltd v Mody Sonal_  _M
and Others_ [2004] 4 SLR 113 at [4] clarified as follows:

In such cases, there is no requirement to prove actual undue influence. It is
enough if the complainant demonstrates that (i) there was a relationship of
trust and confidence between him and the wrongdoer; and (ii) the relationship
was such that it could fairly be presumed that the wrongdoer abused the trust
and confidence in procuring the complainant to enter into the impugned
transaction.

26 These categories must be further applied in the context of the general
principles established in _Royal Bank of Scotland v Etridge (No._  _2)_ [2001]
3 WLR 1021 (“ _Etridge_ ”), pursuant to which Lord Hobhouse held as follows
(at 1054):

[A] structured scheme for the decision of cases raising the issue of
enforceability as between a lender and a wife… can be expressed by answering
three questions: (1) Has the wife proved what is necessary for the court to be
satisfied that the transaction was affected by the undue influence of the
husband? (2) Was the lender put on inquiry? (3) If so, did the lender take
reasonable steps to satisfy itself that there was no undue influence?

27 Applied in the context of the present case, the plaintiff must first
establish that the Charge was executed as a result of Tommy’s undue influence;
second, that the defendant was put on inquiry as to the manner in which the
Charge had been procured; and finally, that the defendant had failed to take
reasonable steps to ensure that the Charge had not been procured by undue
influence. Each of these inquiries will be dealt with below.

_Nature of relationship between Tommy and the plaintiff_

28 Given that the relationship between Tommy and the plaintiff (son-in-
law/mother-in-law) does not fall within the categories of relationships the
law recognizes as automatically giving rise to a presumption of undue
influence (above at [25]), the plaintiff must, in order to raise the
presumption, establish the following two _Etridge_ prerequisites:

First, that the complainant reposed trust and confidence in the other party,
or the other party acquired ascendancy over the complainant. Second, that the
transaction is not readily explicable by the relationship of the parties.

29 On the facts, I am not convinced that these prerequisites to the
presumption have been satisfied. The law recognizes that the presumption of
undue influence does not arise simply whenever any relationship of trust and
confidence exists (_In re Craig_ [1971] Ch 95). It is not enough for the
plaintiff to simply show that she had trusted Tommy. To succeed in raising the
presumption, the plaintiff must show that Tommy acquired a measure of
influence or ascendancy of which he then took unfair advantage (_Etridge_ at
1029).

30 Additional guidance on the relevant threshold to be met is proffered by the
learned authors Peter Birks and Chin Nyuk Yin, of “ _On the Nature of Undue
Influence_ ” in _Good Faith and Fault in Contract Law_ (Beatson and Friedmann
ed.) (Clarendon Press Oxford 1997) in which they observed that:

In cases in which the presumption is relied upon, it is clear time and again
that facts upon which it arises suggest excessive dependence… What has to be
shown is not a relationship raising the probability of illegitimate threats,
but one in which the integrity of the plaintiff’s judgment is likely to have
been impaired by excessive dependence… The relationship must be such as to
impair the autonomy of the weaker party to a serious and exceptional degree.

31 On the evidence, I find that the plaintiff has failed to show that she had
reposed such a degree of trust and confidence in Tommy so as to allow Tommy to
be in a position of ascendancy over her, such as to justify the drawing of a
presumption that the Charge was executed whilst under his undue influence. The
plaintiff did not blindly follow Tommy’s advice and clearly made independent
financial decisions contingent on the type of investments she was open to and
the level of risk she was willing to tolerate, as borne out by the following
facts.

32 When the plaintiff opened her account with the defendant, she gave specific
instructions to the latter that Tommy was not authorized to effect
withdrawals, which indicated a significant reservation on the part of the
plaintiff despite her alleged naïve dependence on Tommy. Her independence of
mind is further reinforced by the fact that she had, at the outset, issued a
clear mandate to Tommy and the banks regarding what her monies could be
invested in _i.e._ she had given specific instructions that her funds could
not be utilized for shares, mutual funds or speculative trades, and allowed
small investments in bonds although she preferred the bulk of her monies in
deposit products – a mandate that was scrupulously adhered to.

33 Indeed, the plaintiff acknowledged that the key decisions relating to the
Account would be made by her. I also noted that LCK had direct access to the
plaintiff and was specifically instructed to update her on the status of her
Account. He clearly was not required to communicate with her through Tommy and
was at liberty to make direct recommendations to the plaintiff in respect of
various investments, which the plaintiff could either accept or reject.

34 Despite the plaintiff’s self-proclaimed allegations of ignorance and
dependence, the dynamics of the relationship between Tommy and the plaintiff
suggested that the plaintiff was the dominant person in the relationship. In
this regard, LCK (who had been the plaintiff’s relationship manager for about
10 years and who was well-acquainted with various members of the family before
he moved to another bank) testified that in all his years of dealing with
Tommy and the plaintiff, Tommy would invariably obey the plaintiff and was
sensitive to her moods because he depended to a large extent on the plaintiff
for his financial backing. LCK observed that the plaintiff was the “dominant
personality” as she had the “financial clout and strength of will to control
Tommy”. Indeed, while the plaintiff may have trusted Tommy and delegated
particular financial day-to-day affairs to him, this degree of trust and
confidence did not reach the threshold necessary to justify a presumption of
undue influence.

35 Turning now to the second prerequisite, I am of the view that the court
should take a more holistic view of the circumstances as opposed to a
blinkered and artificial preoccupation with financial considerations. In order
to determine whether a transaction is explicable in terms other than undue
influence, it becomes necessary to examine its context and to ascertain its
true nature and objective.

36 Having regard to all the circumstances, I am not satisfied that execution
of the Charge was one that could not “be reasonably accounted for on the
grounds of relationship, charity or other motives on which ordinary men act”
(_Allcard v Skinner_ (1887) 36 Ch D 145 at 185). While execution of the Charge
was, from an economic perspective, arguably not the most prudent course of
action, it certainly was understandable and explicable in the context of the
particular family elements and relationships involved.

37 In this regard, I observed that the plaintiff was family-oriented and close
to her daughter Zina (Tommy’s wife), which provided the impetus for her to
extend financial help to Tommy. On this note, I am inclined to believe LCK’s
recollection of events regarding his discussion of the Charge with the
plaintiff, during which she had told him (in Mandarin) that she wanted to give
this “young man” one last chance pursuant to his repeated pleas for financial
assistance (see [49] below). As an aside, it also did not escape my notice
that the plaintiff only complained about the Charge in 2005, the year Tommy
and Zina’s marriage ran into difficulty. These matters will be further
discussed below.

_Whether the plaintiff was an experienced and knowledgeable investor_

38 While the plaintiff may not have been the financially savvy investor that
the defendant sought to make her out to be, she was undoubtedly no babe in the
woods as she sought to portray herself.

39 The plaintiff held her monies in multi-currency deposits with several banks
and invested in dual currency convertible deposits and enhanced yield
deposits. These transactions necessitated a certain degree of financial
sophistication and it is difficult to believe that she was totally clueless in
this respect, notwithstanding her allegations that she left all investment
decisions to Tommy.

40 While Tommy may have been the person with whom LCK dealt with regarding
most of the plaintiff’s day-to-day investment decisions, the plaintiff clearly
retained some form of independent supervisory authority over her investments,
a fact that is corroborated by contemporaneous call reports recording the
plaintiff’s instructions regarding her Account. For example, the call report
for 27 August 1997 prepared by LCK recorded that:

[The plaintiff] is monitoring the USD/Rp price movement and keen to execute
convertibles with us as she is indifferent to holding DEM or Rupiah, as long
as she has the high interest. From what Tommy can recall, she bot the DEM
above DEM2/= and she likes the high interest rates on convertibles. So, we
have to structure a DEM/Rp convertible for her.

41 To further illustrate, a meeting between the plaintiff and LCK on 28
February 2000 culminated in a call report which recorded that:

[The plaintiff] has lost some money in equity/bonds & mutual funds with
Merrill Lynch and is still sore over her losses there. She rejected any
investment proposals and will only begin to put her USD in premium deposits.
She is impressed with the LIBOR rate and I have asked her to remit more funds
as we pay higher by 0.25%. Left her the premium deposit documents to complete
at her disposition.

42 Turning to other aspects of her fairly diversified portfolio, a call report
dated 28 August 2001 recorded that LCK had:

Reviewed [the plaintiff’s] portfolio with her and she is pleased that the
EUR/YEN strategies are working for her… Will continue to execute these CPP and
equivalent capital protected structured deposits. Spoke of Fiduciary and she
does NOT intend to do TRUST yet without further explanation.

43 These call reports are clearly at odds with the plaintiff’s assertions in
her affidavit, that she “never discussed any investments in relation to [her]
Account” nor was she aware of any such investments. Several other events also
serve to undermine the plaintiff’s blanket denial of all financial and
investment expertise.

44 In September 2001, the plaintiff took a loan from the defendant of
¥239,000,000 (“the loan”) equivalent to US$2m for an investment which she
intended to undertake jointly with her other son-in-law Handojo Santosa, for
the purchase of some land in Jakarta. It was significant that the loan was
taken in Japanese Yen so that the plaintiff could benefit from the marked
interest rate differentials despite the fact that her deposits with the
defendant were far in excess of US$2m. She was charged a low interest rate of
0.700% per annum on the loan but was earning much higher interest rates from
the defendant on her time deposits[note: 1] in American dollars (3.125% per
annum), Euros (3.6875% - 4.055% per annum) and Australian dollars (3.6875% -
4.2008% per annum).

45 In early 2000, the plaintiff purchased and refurbished several Dutch
colonial warehouses in Jakarta and converted them into an entertainment and
tourist location called VOC Galangan Café and Gallery (“the project”) at a
cost of at least US$10m. Her counsel sought to downplay the significance of
her investment by directing the court’s attention to the losses sustained by
the project. This did not, in my view, detract from the fact that the
plaintiff showed responsibility, oversight and initiative as illustrated by
her desired collaboration with Christie’s to host some of their events at the
project. More importantly, the plaintiff was given an award in 2001 by the
prestigious Pacific Asia Travel Association (PATA) Indonesian Chapter for the
project and she was described as the “ _driving force in the movement to
revitalize Jakarta’s old port area_ ” into a tourist destination. It was not
modesty that made the plaintiff disclaim her significant role in the project –
she did not wish to come across as the shrewd investor she really was/is.

46 Granted there was no basis to impute to the plaintiff Tommy’s financial
knowledge and expertise (he was a finance director in a securities firm in
Jakarta). However, her business initiative in [45] clearly proved the
plaintiff to be a resourceful, business-minded person, in stark contradiction
to the picture she sought to paint of herself – a housewife with little formal
education and no knowledge of financial affairs whatsoever. I would add that
the plaintiff’s stock answers during cross-examination of “I don’t know”,
“Maybe”, “I don’t recall”, “I am not aware”, even when asked her age in
1998[note: 2], became increasingly unconvincing.

_Whether the plaintiff was aware of the effect and consequences of the charge
before she signed it_

47 I further find that the plaintiff was fully aware of the effect and
consequences of the Charge and had executed it pursuant to the free exercise
of her independent will.

48 To begin with, I am convinced that the effect and significance of the
Charge had been explained to the plaintiff by LCK who had travelled to Jakarta
to do so. In particular, he had explained to her that the effect of the Charge
was that the monies in her Account would be pledged to cover Tommy’s
liabilities to the defendant. More importantly, LCK testified that the
plaintiff had informed him that she would get someone to review the Charge
document before signing it and that she would return it to the defendant
thereafter.

49 Regarding the conflicting testimonies of the plaintiff and LCK, I am more
inclined to accept LCK’s version and recollection of events, in particular,
his specific conversation with the plaintiff during which she recounted her
motivation for execution of the Charge. His testimony[note: 3] bears
reproduction in full:

LCK: When I met her, she did say that – she did tell me that she understands
that Tommy had financial difficulties; that his family members are not going
to help him. And she was willing to give this, in her words is “nian qing
ren”, which means a young man, give this young man “yi ge ji hui”, which means
one chance.

Court: One chance to what?

LCK: One chance for him to prove himself.

Court: I see. Yes.

LCK: Two Chinese words were very, very clear to me, you know, erm, “nian qing
ren” –

Court: Young man.

LCK: -- giving this young man a chance, you know, and giving him one last
chance. These two words were very, very clear to me.

Court: Right.

LCK: It must have been because of that, you know, that the third party charge
was raised.

Court: And then what – what did you tell her?

LCK: I remember very clearly I told her that if Tommy doesn’t pay for his dues
--- for his liabilities, she has to pay for whatever he owes to the bank.

Court: So ---

LCK: Er, your Honour, can I add on? I’m very clear this was spoken because Mdm
Susilawati is, er, someone who’s ---you know, she’s the wife of a conglomerate
owner. It is not easy for a banker to tell someone of that status that, “I
will offset your deposit.” And I remember I took the courage to tell her that.

50 Having had the opportunity to observe LCK’s demeanour in the witness stand,
I believe the foregoing testimony was the truth. Whilst there was some
inconsistency in LCK’s evidence as to whether the Charge had been explained to
the plaintiff before or after it was signed, I was satisfied that this was the
genuine result of an erroneous recollection, which he was subsequently able to
clarify. I noted also, that LCK was an independent witness in the sense that
he was, at the time of trial, no longer in the defendant’s employ having left
in April 2005.

51 LCK had at the material time, about 7 years of experience as a relationship
manager and testified that it had always been his practice to explain to his
clients the documents which he handed to them for signature and that he had
not made any exception in the plaintiff’s case. His account of events was
further corroborated by entries in his old passport, which recorded several
visits to Jakarta in September and October 1997, despite the absence of any
call reports recording such a meeting.

52 I believe there was no reason for LCK, as an independent witness, to go to
such lengths to contrive his recollection of events in such minute detail. On
the other hand, it was somewhat telling that the plaintiff only began to
challenge the Charge after Tommy had defaulted and ran into problems in
servicing his loans in the later half of 2005, which incidentally, coincided
with the period during which Zina’s relationship with Tommy ran into
difficulties.

53 Counsel for the plaintiff sought to portray her denial of the Charge to
Chay Hong Leng (who replaced LCK as the plaintiff’s relationship manager for
the Account) on 21 November 2005 as logical and consistent given that there
was “no immediate or impending threat to the plaintiff’s funds at that time”.
I found this unconvincing as the plaintiff had at that time just been informed
that the funds available for her use were insufficient to meet her request, as
withdrawal of the funds had been blocked to secure Tommy’s debts to the
defendant. This clearly provided the impetus for her to then deny signing the
Charge in an intuitive attempt to avert such an “unexpected” outcome.

54 I found the plaintiff’s questioning of the differing formats of the Charge
signed by her and that signed by Zina as well as the “vague” receipt of the
Charge once it was signed largely irrelevant. The crux of the case centred on
whether the plaintiff had in fact understood the nature and terms of the
Charge and signed it on her own free will, not on ancillary issues such as why
the format of the Charge was different or whether Tommy had subsequently
handed the signed Charge to LCK.

55 Moreover, I found it puzzling that the plaintiff only raised the undue
influence assertion for the very first time when she filed her statement of
claim on 11 May 2006. Her initial position, as reflected in her previous
solicitor’s letters to the defendant dated 22 and 24 November 2005, was simply
that she _had not signed_ the Charge – a position that was clearly at odds
with her admission under cross-examination that she “did not ask any question”
but had signed the Charge “willingly” as she had “trusted Tommy”.

56 In her Further and Better Particulars filed on 10 October 2006, the
plaintiff pleaded that she had no recollection of signing the Charge, an
allegation that was repeated in her affidavit, in which she also insisted that
the Charge was _never explained_ to her. Again, this was contradicted during
cross-examination in the course of which the plaintiff herself testified that
Tommy had explained the Charge to her in “ _one or two words_ ” but “ _never
at length_ ”.[note: 4] When pressed, however, she denied any recollection of
the explanation. These vacillating stances did not reflect well on her
credibility.

57 On a related note, I am somewhat perturbed by the plaintiff’s failure to
call Tommy as a witness. Tommy was the crucial figure at the heart of the
controversy and the sole cause of the plaintiff’s suit. His absence from court
as her witness left many questions unanswered. I could understand Tommy’s
reluctance, if not downright refusal, to testify for the defendant if he had
been approached. However no explanation was proffered by the plaintiff or her
counsel as to why Tommy was not called to testify on her behalf. Was it
because the son-in-law and mother-in-law relationship had broken down
irretrievably or because the relationship no longer existed? As the court was
not told, I am entitled to and do draw an adverse inference against the
plaintiff that had Tommy been called to testify, he would not have
corroborated her testimony.

58 Finally, I was disinclined to believe the plaintiff’s allegations that she
was unaware of the existence of the Charge until 2005, as her awareness was
amply corroborated by a contemporaneous e-mail dated 15 November 2000 sent
from LCK to another bank officer, Bharat V Vijayan, in which LCK confirmed
that both the plaintiff and Zina were aware that part of their collateral was
used to support Tommy’s CFX (foreign currency) trading. Indeed, the
plaintiff’s inaction and undue delay over a period of at least five years only
serves to reinforce my earlier finding that she was fully aware of the effect
and consequences of the Charge and had executed it pursuant to the exercise of
her independent will.

59 The plaintiff’s claim on undue influence therefore fails _in limine_ and
there is accordingly no necessity to address the issues of affirmation, or
whether the defendant was “put on inquiry” or had constructive notice of
Tommy’s alleged undue influence.

**_Breach of fiduciary duty_**

_Whether the defendant owed a fiduciary duty to the plaintiff in respect of
the Charge in the circumstances of the case_

60 The relationship between a bank and its customer is a contractual one. The
bank does not, generally, owe fiduciary duties to its customers. However, a
fiduciary relationship can arise between the bank and its customer under
certain circumstances. Indeed, in _Cook v Evatt (No._  _2)_ [1991] 1 NZLR 676,
it was held (at 685) that:

The essence of a fiduciary relationship is an inequality of bargaining power
brought about by the trust or confidence reposed in, and accepted by the
fiduciary to perform some function for another’s benefit in circumstances
where the beneficiary lacks the power adequately to control or supervise the
exercise of that function.

61 The protective gauntlet of a fiduciary relationship has previously been
imposed in cases where a banker has acted as the financial adviser of the
customer and actually provided investment advice, or where there is some form
of over-reaching by the bank concerned _e.g_. deliberate non-disclosure of
material information or putting itself in a position of conflict of interest
(_Lloyds Bank v Bundy_ [1974] 3 All ER 757; _Dungey v ANZ Banking Group (NZ)
Ltd_ [1997] NZFLR 404).

62 On the present facts, there was neither advocacy directed at persuading the
plaintiff to execute the Charge, nor was there any form of “overreaching”
characterized by non-disclosure of material facts. I remain unconvinced that
the private banking services afforded by the defendant to the plaintiff and
the communications between them were characterized by an inequality of
bargaining power sufficient to give rise to the imposition of a fiduciary
relationship between the parties, who were in essence, transacting at arm’s
length.

63 Indeed, courts should, in the absence of exceptional circumstances, be slow
to impose a fiduciary relationship in cases where a suretyship transaction is
undertaken by a customer in favour of the bank. The rationale underlying a
fiduciary relationship is basically an expectation of one party that the other
will act in his or her interest, whereas a bank’s interest in a suretyship
transaction would not ordinarily be concordant with that of the customer
(_Shivas v Bank of New Zealand_ [1990] 2 NZLR 327).

64 These tensive interests were expressed by Branson J in _Truebit Pty Ltd v
Westpac Banking Corporation_ – 27 November 1997 (unreported) (at [52]) as
follows:

There is thus an inconsistency between the notion of Westpac assuming a
fiduciary duty to the applicants in respect of its treatment of their
application for finance and the maintenance of Westpac’s “own commercial self
interest as lender”. Moreover, there is a commercial, and possible conceptual,
unreality surrounding the contention that Westpac was entitled to consider the
applicants’ application for finance both in the applicant’s interest and in
Westpac’s own interest as proposed lender to the applicant’s, but not in
Westpac’s interest as the mortgagee/lender exercising through a receiver the
power of sale in respect of [the property].

65 Similarly, in _Province of Alberta Treasury Branches v Hammond_ 67 ACWS
(3d) 122, the court held that:

It would surely be an exceptional case where parties who have different
commercial interests and who have entered into a contract to bring about
diverse results for each of them, ought to be considered, from the
circumstances, to have assumed a fiduciary relationship in which one of them
owes a duty of loyalty and selflessness to the other.

66 Indeed, the absence of such a fiduciary duty is further buttressed by the
standard terms and conditions contained in the Private Banking Services
Agreement (“PBSA”) between the plaintiff and the defendant, to which all
transactions were subjected to. Under the heading “ _Disclosure of Risks and
Disclaimer_ ”, the PBSA provided that:

3\. In accepting any services made available pursuant to this Agreement, the
Customer understands and agrees that: -

(a) the Customer makes its own judgment in relation to investment or trading
transactions;

(b) the Bank assumes no duty to make or give advice or make recommendations;

(c) if the Bank makes any such suggestions, the Bank assumes no responsibility
for the Customer’s portfolio or for any investment or transaction made;…

67 These contractual terms clearly militate against the plaintiff’s
allegations regarding the existence of a fiduciary duty. Indeed, the extent of
deference accorded by the court to such contractual terms was clarified in the
recent case of _ASIC v Citigroup Global Markets Australia Pty Limited_ (No.4)
[2007] FCA 963, which held (at [280]) as follows:

It may well be that a fiduciary cannot exclude liability for fraud or
deliberate dereliction of duty but beyond that there appears to be no
restriction in the law to prevent a fiduciary from contracting out of, or
modifying, his or her fiduciary duties, particularly where no prior fiduciary
relationship existed and the contract defines the rights and duties of the
parties…

68 In view of the foregoing, I find the plaintiff’s attempts to establish a
fiduciary obligation owed by the defendant with respect to the Charge
misconceived and without merit. On the facts, the defendant could not
reasonably be considered to have undertaken to act in the best interests of
the plaintiff in respect of procuring the Charge.

69 From a commercial perspective, this argument taken to its logical
conclusion would undermine the very purpose of third party guarantees,
directed at enabling banks and other creditors to extend credit at an
acceptable level of risk and would severely impact the suretyship transactions
routinely undertaken by such banks.

70 By way of observation, it appears to me that what the plaintiff did not
fully realize or appreciate was the potential extent of the son-in-law’s
indebtedness. This unfortunate incongruence is borne out by the fact that in
February 1998, Tommy’s borrowings from the defendant totalled US$880,000. The
very next month following execution of the Charge, Tommy’s borrowings amounted
to a staggering US$11.2m, a substantial increase attributable to the
collateral made available by the Charge.

71 Unfortunately, the “unexpected” extent of the repercussions of Tommy’s
default is insufficient for the plaintiff to avoid the Charge altogether,
given that she understood the terms and effect of the Charge and had executed
it pursuant to the free exercise of her independent will. Nonetheless, it
would be apposite to append several concluding observations on the defendant’s
conduct in relation to the potential conflict of interests involved as well as
its reliance on the confidentiality provisions under the Banking Act.

**_Conflict of interests_**

72 To begin with, it struck me that the defendant was aware of the potential
conflict of interest between Tommy (who was a remunerated referral agent for
the defendant) and the plaintiff, from the commencement of its relationship
with the plaintiff.

73 When the plaintiff agreed to open the Account with the defendant, she
authorised Tommy and Zina to operate it. This arrangement was a cause for
concern when LCK submitted the relevant documents to obtain approval to open
the Account. This can be seen from an e-mail dated 5 January 1998[note: 5]
from LCK’s superior John Hughes that said:

I note that the referring agent to the Bank will also be operating the
account. To avoid any future misunderstandings or potential problems with the
actual client, I would require a written acknowledgement from the client to
the effect that she is aware of Tommy Lim’s position as both a compensated
referral agent and operator of the account.

74 Despite LCK’s subsequent agreement to obtain such a written acknowledgement
to “prevent any ‘anticipated’ disputes”, it appeared that no such
acknowledgement was obtained. On hindsight, these concerns foreshadowed the
potential conflict of interest and underscored the need for the defendant to
be especially vigilant in respect of any dealings between the plaintiff and
Tommy.

75 From an economic perspective, it was clearly in the bank’s interests to
continue to provide foreign exchange trading facilities to Tommy and to earn
interest, fees and commissions thereon. In this particular context, it would
have been prudent for the defendant to have taken additional steps to update
the plaintiff on the nature and extent of her exposure under the Charge,
particularly in view of the exponential increase in Tommy’s borrowings
immediately after execution of the Charge.

76 Notwithstanding the plaintiff’s numerous allegations, I am not persuaded
that the defendant resolved this conflict in its own self-interest, in that it
intentionally abetted execution of the Charge so as to increase its income in
the form of interest, fees and commissions. Still, it cannot be seriously
disputed that it was the defendant’s lack of vigilance that contributed in no
small measure to the present dispute, which could easily have been avoided by
closer scrutiny and more comprehensive disclosure on the part of the
defendant.

77 At this juncture, the defendant sought to justify its failure to “update
the plaintiff” by asserting its obligation at law to protect the
confidentiality of Tommy’s account information pursuant to the laws of banking
secrecy.

78 The plaintiff, in response, sought to draw a distinction between the actual
liabilities that Tommy was incurring and the extent of her potential liability
by way of the following submission:

The plaintiff is not asserting that the defendant ought to have kept her
abreast of the liabilities that Tommy was incurring. Her assertion is that the
Defendant was under a duty to keep her updated as to the extent of her
liabilities under the Charge. This could have been done by simply informing
her of the extent of her potential liability, either monthly or at such other
regular intervals as would be feasible, and would in no way have compromised
the secrecy of Tommy’s account information.

79 With respect, I found this distinction rather strained. The extent of the
plaintiff’s _potential_ liability would have been clear at the time the Charge
was executed _i.e._ the total sum of money in the Account was secured by the
Charge. It made no sense for the plaintiff to request updates of her
“potential liability” at “regular intervals”. What the plaintiff, or any other
guarantor for that matter, would primarily be interested in, was an update of
the synchronous debts or liabilities that Tommy was incurring and which he was
unable to repay – information that unfortunately, fell squarely within the
ambit of banking secrecy laws, further discussed below.

80 On the facts, there was no evidence that the plaintiff had at any time
requested for such information and/or it had been denied. Nevertheless, it
cannot be disputed that if the plaintiff knew that her liability under the
Charge was spiralling upwards, she would in all probability have taken steps
to staunch the haemorrhaging of funds from her Account, either by cancelling
the Charge and/or castigating Tommy accordingly.

**_Banking secrecy_**

81 Conflicts of disclosure and confidentiality manifest most starkly in
suretyship transactions, not least in the context of guarantees taken by banks
in respect of the liabilities of their customers, as the guarantor is likely
to want to know the precise nature, scope and extent of the guarantee. Whilst
it is essential for such information to be honest, accurate and given with
reasonable care, such disclosure ostensibly comes into direct conflict with a
banker’s duty of confidentiality.

82 In the local context, a bank has both a contractual as well as a statutory
duty to keep the affairs of a customer confidential. The contractual duty is
to be implied from the banker and customer relationship while the statutory
duty is imposed by section 47 of the Banking Act (Cap 19, 2003 Rev Ed) (“the
Act”) (see Poh Chu Chai, “ _Law of Banker and Customer_ ” (Lexis Nexis 5th
ed., 2004) at 568)

_Duty of confidentiality_

83 Section 47 of the Act provides for a general prohibition against disclosure
of customer information followed by a limited number of exceptions embodied in
the Third Schedule under which disclosure is permitted. The relevant sub-
sections provide that:

(1) Customer information shall not, in any way, be disclosed by a bank in
Singapore or any of its officers to any other person except as expressly
provided in this Act.

(2) A bank in Singapore or any of its officers may, for such purpose as may be
specified in the first column of the Third Schedule, disclose customer
information to such persons or class of persons as may be specified in the
second column of that Schedule, and in compliance with such conditions as may
be specified in the third column of that Schedule.

84 Unsurprisingly, a brief perusal of these statutory exceptions reveals a
close parallel between the statutory duty imposed by the Act and a banker’s
common law duty of confidentiality.

85 In the seminal case of _Tournier v National Provincial Bank & Union Bank of
England_ [1924] 1 KB 461, the English Court of Appeal held that a banker came
under an implied duty to keep the affairs of a customer confidential, subject
to four general exceptions (at 473) under which disclosure could be made by
the bank. These have been classified into four categories: (a) where
disclosure is under compulsion by law; (b) where there is a duty to the public
to disclose; (c) where the interests of the bank require disclosure; (d) where
the disclosure is made by the express _or implied_ consent of the customer.

86 We are, for our purposes, primarily interested in the fourth exception,
which interestingly, finds no exact parallel under our (stricter) statutory
regime. Under s 47(4)(a), nothing less than a _written_ consent by the
customer or his personal representatives would suffice to lift the prohibition
against disclosure (see The Act, Third Schedule, Part I, Clause 1).

_Implied consent to disclose_

87 Quite apart from our statutory regime, it is not clear in what instances a
bank can disclose information to a guarantor or intending guarantor.
Commentators clearly disagree as to whether a bank has the implied authority
of its customer to disclose customer information to a guarantor. Case law is
similarly ambivalent. Notwithstanding the strict statutory prohibition against
disclosure, this amorphous common law position only serves to exacerbate the
uncertainty encountered by bankers faced with an inquiring guarantor. What
exactly is the ambit of this confidential relationship?

88 As a starting point, the most authoritative statement of the scope of the
common law duty of confidentiality remains that of Lord Campbell in _Hamilton
v Watson_ (1845) 12 Cl & Fin 109 (at 119) which reads as follows:

But unless questions be particularly put by the surety to gain this
information, I hold that it is quite unnecessary for the creditor to whom the
suretyship is to be given, to make any such disclosure; and I should think
that this might be considered as the criterion whether the disclosure ought to
be made voluntarily, namely, _whether there is anything that might not
naturally be expected to take place between the parties who are concerned in
the transaction_ , that is, whether there be a contract between the debtor and
the creditor, to the effect that his position shall be different from that
which the surety might naturally expect; and if so the surety is to see
whether that is disclosed to him. But if there be nothing which might not
naturally take place between those parties, then, if the surety would guard
against particular perils, he must put the question and he must gain the
information he requires. [emphasis added]

89 The foregoing extract clearly alludes to a limited duty of disclosure with
reference to any transactions between the creditor and debtor which might
potentially “subvert the presumed basis of the guarantee” (see also _Ross v
Bank of New South Wales_ (1928) SR (NSW) 539; _Goodwin v The National Bank of
Australasia Ltd_ (1968) 42 ALJR 110 at 111).

90 In theory, this qualified duty of disclosure might be easy to grasp, but
the multi-faceted interests underlying suretyship transactions are likely to
result in a practical conundrum aptly expressed by Lord Chorley in _Law of
Banking_ (Sweet & Maxwell, 6th ed. 1974) at 335-336 as follows:

[I]n the vast majority of cases there is no duty upon the bank to disclose to
a prospective guarantor any details relating to the customer’s account. If in
doubt, a banker is well advised to consult his solicitors. _On one hand, a
failure to disclose might conceivably enable a guarantor to escape liability,
on the other hand, disclosure of affairs relating to a customer might be held
to be a breach of the banker’s duty of secrecy_. [emphasis added]

91 There is clearly a need for both the legislature and the courts to strike a
delicate balance between protecting would-be guarantors by ensuring access to
the “necessary” information, while at the same time safeguarding the
customer’s rights to privacy. At common law, this balance has been struck by
the accretion of various principles governing interactions between a bank and
an intending guarantor (see generally _Paget’s Law of Banking_ (Lexis Nexis
Butterworths, 13th ed., 2007) (“Paget”) at 839-841).

92 According to Paget, a bank is entitled to assume that a principal debtor
who tenders a surety has explained the general nature of his position and has
explained it properly (citing _Lloyd’s Bank Ltd v Harrison_ (1925) 4 LDAB 12
at 16) and that an intending guarantor has made himself fully acquainted with
the financial position of the customer whose debt he is about to guarantee
(referring to _Royal Bank of Scotland v Greenshields_ 1914 SC 259 at 266-267).
Accordingly, in the absence of specific inquiry, a bank is not legally obliged
to disclose the “existence or state of liabilities additional to the
customer’s account which will come within the scope of the guarantee such as
another overdrawn account of the customer” (_Union Bank of Australia Ltd v
Puddy_ [1949] VLR 242 at 247). Arguably, if a bank is ordinarily under no duty
of disclosure _after_ the guarantee has been given, there would obviously be
no subsequent duty to “update” the guarantor as the plaintiff sought to argue.
Of course these three cases cited by Paget are very old authorities and cannot
be applied wholesale without taking into consideration the very different
circumstances prevailing in today’s banking industry, not to mention the
innumerable banking instruments and facilities (with their related volatility
and risks) made available to high-net- worth customers by banks nowadays,
which were probably unimaginable before and after the First and Second World
Wars.

93 From the guarantor’s perspective, it is equally entitled to be protected
against misleading, deceptive or “unconscionable” conduct that would induce
the execution of a guarantee (so held by the Federal Court of Australia in
_National Australia Bank Ltd v Nobile_ (1988) 100 ALR 227). The Federal Court
addressed the issue of unconscionable conduct not only at common law/in equity
but also dealt with contravention by the appellant bank of s 52 of the
country’s Trade Practices Act 1974 (which prohibits misleading and deceptive
conduct by banks). Singapore does not have an equivalent legislation. Factors
to be considered in determining unconscionability at common law/in equity
would, _inter alia_ , include an assessment of the (a) accuracy of the
representations; (b) potentiality for injustice at the time of execution; and
(c) circumstances of the execution (see Warren Pengilley’s article, “
_Misleading or Deceptive Conduct and Financial Institutions_ ” (1989) 1 Bond L
R 157 at 170).

94 At the end of the day, the principles culled from case law must be
interpreted in the context of our statutory regime, which effectively negates
the doctrine of implied consent to disclosure. Where a guarantor requests for
information, a bank is best advised to ensure that it has the customer’s
explicit written authority to override its statutory duties of
confidentiality, which if refused, should prompt the intending guarantor to
draw the appropriate conclusions and realise the risks attendant to giving the
guarantee requested.

95 If in doubt, it would seem that the most prudent course of action would be
that suggested by Milnes Holden, in _The Law and Practice of Banking_ (F T
Prentice Hall, 5th ed. 1990) at 101 and endorsed by J M Walter and N Elrich: “
_Confidences – Bankers and Customers: Powers of Banks to Maintain Secrecy and
Confidentiality_ ” 63 ALJ 404 (at 418) as follows:

Without doubt, the safest course – and indeed, the usual course – is to
arrange a joint meeting between the guarantor, the customer and the banker, at
which the guarantor may, in the customer’s presence, ask for information on
any matters concerning the customer’s affairs.

Alternatively, a person who is asked to execute a guarantee should be in a
position to insist, as a pre-condition, that the customer gives his express
consent to the bank to disclose his liabilities to the guarantor both at the
time when the guarantee is executed and at periodic subsequent intervals, for
so long as the guarantee is in force.

96 I have in [82], [90] [91] and [95] referred to standard textbooks commonly
referred to by banking law practitioners but not relied on by the parties in
their submissions. In [88], [89], [92] and [93] I have referred to cases cited
by Paget as well as to useful articles in [93] and [95] to highlight the
continuing difficulties faced by banking institutions in an area fraught with
uncertainty, akin to the banks treading through minefields. It is hoped that
in time to come, there will be amendments to the Act or new legislation
altogether, to strike an appropriate and fair balance between the interests of
confidentiality for banks and the protection of guarantors of banks’
customers. At the very least, it would provide a modicum of guidance to banks
who find themselves in a similar position to the defendant, to avoid being the
recipient of writs from disgruntled guarantors.

Conclusion

97 Although the defendant’s conduct was not beyond criticism, I find that the
plaintiff has failed to discharge the burden of proof for her case.

98 In its closing submissions, the defendant had asked (in para 167) for
indemnity costs attendant on the dismissal of the plaintiff’s claim, relying
on the following provision in the PBSA [66] under the heading **Liabilities
and Indemnities** :

2 The Customer shall indemnify the Bank in full against all actions, suits,
proceedings, claims, demands, costs and expenses (including legal fees on a
solicitor and client basis and any interest and commission payments) which may
be taken or made against the Bank pursuant to or in connection with any of the
Customer’s accounts, the securities, any Deposit, any Investment, any facility
extended by the Bank to the Customer, this Agreement or the performance of its
duties and obligations hereunder (as investment manager or otherwise) or which
may be incurred by the Bank in connection with any claim by it for monies
payable to the Bank…

99 The defendant argued that its entitlement to indemnity costs would not only
apply to third party claims but would include suits instituted by and against
its own customers, citing _Deepak Fertilisers & Petrochemical Corporation v
Davy McKee (London) Ltd_ [1999] 1 All ER 69 and _Standard Chartered Bank v
Elang Mas Enterprise Pte Ltd_ [2003] SGHC 181 respectively in support.

100 I note however that despite amending its pleadings, that the defendant did
not include a prayer for indemnity costs in its defence. As for the wording in
the second limb of cl 2 set out in [98] above, I agree that the indemnity
provision would cover claims made by the defendant against the plaintiff as
its customer, which was the situation in _Standard Chartered Bank v Elang Mas
Enterprise Pte Ltd_. However, the other authority cited by the defendant
_Deepak Fertilisers & Petrochemical Corporation v Davy McKee (London) Ltd_ can
be distinguished; that was a case based on negligence with attendant third
party proceedings by the second defendant (ICI) against the first
defendant/appellant (Deepak). There, the UK appellate court held that the
indemnity given by the plaintiff/respondent to Deepak (under article 10.10.3
of the contract between the parties) contained an implied promise by the
plaintiff that it would not sue ICI – it would be absurd to allow the
plaintiff to sue ICI with the consequence that ICI sued Deepak and Deepak then
had to sue the plaintiff for acting in breach of article 10.10.3. I should add
that the wording of article 10.10.3 excluded all liabilities; it was far wider
in scope than cl 2 above.

101 Consequently, even if I accept (which I do not) that the indemnity
provision under cl 2 above applied to proceedings instituted by the plaintiff
against the defendant, I decline to exercise my discretion to award indemnity
costs to the defendant. As I said earlier [97], the defendant’s conduct was
not beyond approach. Accordingly, I dismiss the plaintiff’s claim with costs
to the defendant on a standard, not an indemnity basis.

  

* * *

[note: 1] See AB1378

[note: 2] (see N/E 62)

[note: 3] (at N/E 118-119)

[note: 4] (see N/E 15)

[note: 5] At AB 22

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 18 Oct 2007 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

