Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## VB v VC  
[2007] SGHC 186

Case Number | : | DT 5373/2005  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 29 October 2007  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Choo Han Teck J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Tan Shin Yi (Harry Elias Partnership) for the petitioner; Respondent in person   
Parties | : |  VB — VC   
  
Family Law – Custody – Supervised access – Maintenance – Maintenance of child
– Maintenance of wife – Matrimonial assets – Division  
  

29 October 2007 |   
---|---  
  
Choo Han Teck J:

1 The parties married on 8 April 1991 and a decree nisi was granted on 3 March
2006. They have two children, a daughter aged 11 and a son aged 7. The
petitioner is a self-employed business woman running her own maid agency, and
earns a gross salary of about $5,000 a month based on the Notice of Assessment
of income tax. The respondent was formerly a trading representative, and was
unemployed for a few months prior to June 2007 when he re-joined his old
company, UOB Kay Hian, as a remisier. The respondent’s declared income for
2006 was $36,000. The parties agreed to let the petitioner have custody, care,
and control of the children. The petitioner’s prayer that access be supervised
was opposed by the respondent who appeared in person before me. I made the
order for supervised access after interviewing both children as well as the
petitioner. In respect of the division of matrimonial assets and the
maintenance of the petitioner and the children, I made various orders against
which the petitioner now appeals.

2 The matrimonial home, a flat in the condominium known as Elmira Heights at 5
Newton Road, was the main matrimonial asset. This flat was purchased in
September 2000 for $1.35m. As of September 2007, the petitioner had
contributed $405,610.78 from her Central Provident Fund (“CPF”) account and
the respondent had contributed $301,460.20. The flat was fully paid for. It
was not disputed that the Elmira Heights property has been sold _en bloc_ and
completion is expected in December 2007. The sale price was $2,393,195.50.
Hence, after deducting the respective CPF contributions, the balance would be
$1,686,124.52, and thereafter an equal division would give each party a sum of
$843,062.26. I was of the view that the petitioner should receive a slightly
greater share of the proceeds of sale and that in this regard an equal
division of the sale proceeds after the repayment of the CPF contributions
would be adequate because the petitioner would thus be receiving about$100,000
more than the respondent.

3 The petitioner claimed that the respondent dissipated $596,643.87 of the
proceeds of sale of their previous flat at Meyer Road (“Meyer Tower”), and she
argued that she should be paid 60% of this, amounting to a sum of $357,986.32.
This property, which was a condominium, was bought in 1999 for $830,000 and
sold _en bloc_ for $2.01m in 2000. The respondent disputed that the petitioner
was so entitled. Balancing the claims and counterclaims in respect of this
property, I took into account the fact that the parties had purchased various
other properties apart from Meyer Tower and Elmira Heights and the accounting
of the proceeds was not clearly made out by either side. What seemed clear to
me was that these properties were purchased in happier times by a couple who
seemed to have found a knack or penchant for (generally, since one property –
at Eastern Mansion - was sold at a loss) making capital increases from their
joint ventures. In effecting a division of matrimonial assets it is sometimes
impractical to undertake a detailed examination of the parties’ accounts,
especially in a case such as the present where the parties have bought and
sold many properties. In ordering an equal division of the Elmira Heights
property after deduction of the respective CPF contributions, I had taken into
account the history of the property purchases as well as the direct and
indirect contributions of the parties. In any case, it appears that the
profits made from the sale of the previous properties had either been
dissipated or used for the purchase of Elmira Heights and it is thus
unnecessary to determine what those profits were.

4 In addition to the matrimonial home, there were some small sums in joint
accounts which I have ordered to be shared equally. All other assets as had
been disclosed that are in the sole names of the parties will be retained by
him or her as the case may be as these were not significant assets, or can be
equally set off, such as the various insurance policies that both parties had
taken out individually. I had noted that the respondent had not provided the
surrender value of his policies, but it seems that these were similar to the
petitioner’s policies. The petitioner has six policies and the respondent has
five.

5 In view of the acrimony between the petitioner and respondent, and the fact
that the parties would be getting a large payment from the sale of Elmira
Heights, I ordered that maintenance should be paid by way of a lump sum of
$100,000 to the petitioner. This can be deducted from the respondent’s share
of the sale proceeds of Elmira Heights. The petitioner had asked only for a
monthly nominal maintenance of $100 for herself, but $3,000 for the two
children. The petitioner was correct in asking for nominal maintenance for
herself as she is presently earning more than the husband and is able to
support herself. With regard to the children, I made a significant adjustment.
I was of the view that the petitioner should be spared from having to seek
enforcement of maintenance for the children if a monthly sum of $3,000 is
awarded especially when there is little evidence before me to show that the
respondent was earning more than what he had declared. The respondent’s income
is commission-based and he had produced his income statements to show that he
had earned $3,175.80 in July 2007 and only $641.54 in August 2007. It was not
suggested that he had other sources of income. Thus, I was of the opinion that
the more flexible and feasible order was to grant a lump sum to the petitioner
to be paid from the respondent’s share of the proceeds of sale, which the
petitioner could use for the maintenance of the children, and a nominal sum of
$100 to each of the children with liberty to apply should there be a change in
the children’s requirements or in relation to the respondent’s prevailing
means. While such an order is somewhat different than the normal order of
monthly maintenance for children, the court has a broad discretion as to how
the payment of maintenance should be effected and I was of the view that such
an order would best address the needs of the children as well as the
respondent’s ability to meet those needs.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 29 Oct 2007 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

