Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Public Prosecutor v Lim Ah Seng  
[2007] SGHC 40

Case Number | : | CC 18/2006  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 26 March 2007  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Sundaresh Menon JC   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Edwin San and Jason Chan (Deputy Public Prosecutors) for the Attorney-General's Chambers; Subhas Anandan and Sunil Sudheesan (Harry Elias Partnership) for the accused   
Parties | : |  Public Prosecutor — Lim Ah Seng   
  
Criminal Procedure and Sentencing – Sentencing – Principles – Accused
strangling wife during fight – Accused victim of repeated physical and
psychological abuse from wife – Accused pleading guilty to culpable homicide
not amounting to murder – Accused suffering from post-traumatic stress
syndrome – Appropriate sentence – Section 304(b) Penal Code (Cap 224, 1985 Rev
Ed)  
  

26 March 2007 |  Judgment reserved  
---|---  
  
Sundaresh Menon JC:

1 Every killing is utterly tragic; but this does not mean that every killer is
to be punished in the same way. The law recognises this and it is reflected in
the various defences available to a murder charge and in the highly
differentiated scheme of sentencing prescribed for a range of offences from a
mandatory death penalty for intentional killing to a maximum term of
imprisonment of two years for causing death by rash or negligent acts. In the
context of culpable homicide not amounting to murder, the circumstances of
each killing may be so varied that any attempt to prescribe the precise
sentence _in vacuo_ would be futile. Even with a growing body of case law that
provides much useful guidance, sentencing calls for the sound exercise of
judicial discretion, taking into account the specific factual complexion of
each case, including the ambient circumstances of the offence and the
offender. I can do no better than to recall what was said by V K Rajah J in
_Angliss Singapore Pte Ltd v PP_ [2006] 4 SLR 653 (“ _Angliss_ ”) at [24]:

… [A] sentencing judge should not hide behind the veneer of platitudes as an
expedient substitute for the scrupulous and assiduous assessment of the
factual matrix of each case in determining the appropriate sentence.

2 So it is with the case before me. One Lim Ah Seng (“Lim”), 37 years of age
at the time of the incident has pleaded guilty before me to a charge of
culpable homicide not amounting to murder under s 304(_b_) of the Penal Code
(Cap 224, 1985 Rev Ed) (“the Code”). I have the task of sentencing him. The
law provides that the offence is punishable with a term of imprisonment which
may extend to 10 years, or with a fine, or with both.

The procedural history

3 It is appropriate first to outline the procedural history of this case. On 7
July 2006, Lim pleaded guilty to a charge of culpable homicide not amounting
to murder under s 304 _(b)_ of the Code for causing the death of his wife,
Madam Riana Agustina (“the deceased”), by strangling her with the knowledge
that it was likely to cause her death. Upon accepting Lim’s plea of guilt, I
sentenced him to a term of imprisonment of 2 years and 6 months, with effect
from 25 October 2005 (“the first judgment”). The plea of guilt, and my
determination of the appropriate sentence, were based on a statement of facts
agreed upon by both the prosecution and the defence (“the SOF”), the details
of which were narrated in my grounds of decision: see _PP v Lim Ah Seng_
[2006] SGHC 122 (“the GD”) at [5] to [15]. For the sake of context, it may be
noted that in sentencing Lim, I had considered that the SOF revealed that:

(a) Lim was a victim of repeated and sustained physical and psychological
abuse since 2003, so much so that he suffered from post-traumatic stress
disorder as a result;

(b) No weapon was used in the commission of the offence;

(c) It was the deceased who had instigated the fight on that fateful night;

(d) Lim had shown remorse in his unconditional plea of guilt and his full co-
operation with the authorities;

(e) Lim had no antecedents and had, apart from this incident, shown
considerable restraint in the face of the deceased’s abuse; and

(f) There was no real likelihood of recurrence.

4 The prosecution was dissatisfied with the sentence I had passed and filed an
appeal to the Court of Appeal. On 12 October 2006, the Court of Appeal heard
the appeal. It expressed certain misgivings in relation to whether the SOF
fairly and accurately represented the nature of the relationship between Lim
and the deceased, and what had transpired between them on the night of the
deceased’s death. More specifically, the Court of Appeal was concerned that
the external and internal injuries apparently sustained by the deceased called
for further investigation to consider whether Lim might have aggressively
attacked the deceased. This could alter the complexion of the case at least in
so far as a wholly disproportionate response to any instigation or aggression
might constitute an aggravating factor: see _PP v Michael McCrea_ [2006] 3 SLR
677 at [15]. More fundamentally, it threw into question two important premises
in the SOF, _viz_., that Lim’s act of strangling the deceased was done in
response to the latter’s own aggression and that Lim was the victim in an
abusive relationship with the deceased. Of course, the fact that Lim may have
inflicted serious injuries on the deceased may itself have been inconclusive
but it would have had to be taken into account together with the other
circumstances of the case for the purpose of sentencing. The Court of Appeal
was also concerned whether some of the statements contained in the SOF had
been verified by objective evidence. There is much to be said for the
prosecution relying on objective evidence as much as possible and even in the
context of a case proceeding on the basis of an agreed statement of facts, it
is probably useful for the prosecution to have available the key objective
evidence upon which the facts were agreed.

5 In any event, the first judgment was set aside by the Court of Appeal and
the case was remitted to me in order that further evidence could be received
in relation to the matters raised by the Court of Appeal.

6 Pursuant to my directions, the prosecution and the defence agreed upon a
list of the matters that the Court of Appeal had raised on 12 October 2006,
and in respect of which the further evidence that was to be tendered before
me. This list was as follows:

(a) A further report by a forensic pathologist on the injuries found on the
deceased;

(b) Reports from the Health Sciences Authority (“HSA”), including that
relating to the vaginal swabs taken from the deceased;

(c) Evidence of Lim’s loss of hearing and which was said to have been caused
by the deceased;

(d) Evidence in respect of the relationship between Lim and the deceased; and

(e) A psychiatric report on Lim’s current mental condition and the period of
supervision that he will require.

7 It turned out that the further evidence led by the prosecution corroborated
and in some respects reinforced the narration of facts in the SOF as was
confirmed by the learned deputy public prosecutor, Mr Edwin San. It followed
that the statement of facts tendered by the prosecution and on which Lim
pleaded guilty for a second time when the case came before me on 9 March 2007
was identical to the first SOF.

The undisputed background facts and the SOF

8 I begin by highlighting some of the salient facts before considering the
further evidence. Lim and the deceased were married in 1998 and had two
children. For the first five years of their marriage, no instance of violence
by either party was reported. It was only in 2003 or 2004 that the deceased
began to get abusive and physically lashed out at Lim and their children. It
was suggested that Lim had become partially deaf in one ear, as a result of
these beatings. These incidents of abuse eventually led Lim to enlist the help
of the Ministry of Community Development, Youth and Sports (“the MCYS”), and
in November 2004, an official request for help was lodged. Subsequently, the
deceased was brought to a shelter but she left sometime in June or July 2005.

9 The SOF then picks up the factual thread a few months later, on 25 October
2006. On that day, at about 6 pm, Lim received a call from the deceased who
told him that she wanted to visit his mother’s home to see their six-year-old
daughter, Angel. Lim told her to go there on her own. About an hour later, Lim
returned home to shower. Just as he was about to leave for dinner, the
deceased turned up at the flat and told him that she came to see him because
she did not have the keys to his mother’s house.

10 The deceased then informed Lim that she wanted to bring Angel to Jakarta.
When Lim protested, the deceased raised her voice. They quarrelled for some
time. The deceased then asked the accused whether he wanted to make love to
her because they had not seen each other for some time. Lim agreed.

11 Having had sexual intercourse, the deceased went to wash herself. Upon
returning to the master bedroom where Lim was, the deceased again raised the
issue of bringing Angel to Jakarta. When Lim refused the second time, the
deceased warned Lim that she would report him to the police for rape if he
persisted in his objection.

12 A quarrel ensued, and the deceased slapped the accused and told him that
because she had a record with the Institute of Mental Health (“the IMH”), it
would be all right for her to kill him. She rushed into the kitchen and
grabbed a knife, but was stopped by Lim. Lim then followed the deceased into
the master bedroom to prevent her from throwing things around, which, it
seemed, was what she usually did during such arguments.

13 The quarrel became more intense. The deceased slapped Lim again and then
strangled him by squeezing his throat and neck. The accused felt pain and
responded by squeezing the deceased’s throat and neck. It was only after a
while, when he realised that her grip on his neck had loosened, that he
released his own grip. She fell down and was motionless. Lim called out to her
and tried to revive her, but to no avail.

14 The next thing Lim did was to call his mother and inform her that the
deceased had come to his flat to create trouble and wanted to bring Angel to
Jakarta.

15 At approximately 9.24 pm, police officers and officers from the Singapore
Civil Defence Force arrived at the scene and saw Lim sitting shirtless in the
living room of his residence. Lim went into the kitchen and came back with two
knives and he stabbed himself in the thighs. He refused entry to the officers
and threatened suicide. It was only after officers from the Police Crisis
Negotiation Unit were called in that Lim was eventually persuaded to surrender
to the police.

16 The deceased was found lying motionless on the floor of the bedroom and was
pronounced dead at 12.42 am on 26 October 2006. The pathologist certified her
cause of death as asphyxia due to manual strangulation.

The further evidence

17 I turn to the further evidence that the prosecution led in respect of the
issues raised by the Court of Appeal.

**_Changi General Hospital medical report_**

18 The effect of this report, prepared by Dr Hsu Pon Poh, a consultant at the
Department of Otolaryngology of the Changi General Hospital, was to confirm
that Lim had suffered a partial loss of hearing in his left ear. This was not
disputed.

**_Report by Tanjong Pagar Family Services Centre dated 22 November 2006_**

19 A report was prepared by one Ms Peng Hi Ying, Assistant Senor Social Worker
at the Tanjong Pagar Family Services Centre (“the Centre”), stating that the
deceased had gone to the Centre on 1 April 2005 on a referral by the Institute
of Mental Health (“IMH”). According to Ms Peng, she was told by the deceased
that _she_ felt subjected to “psychological distress” from Lim as a result of
his persistent pleas not to divorce him. The Centre assisted the deceased with
her application for a personal protection order (“PPO”) from the Subordinate
Courts, but she withdrew her application a week later because she wanted to
give Lim another chance.

20 On 26 April 2005, the deceased came back to the Centre and asked to be
referred to a temporary crisis shelter. Ms Peng said that she observed a
bruise on the deceased’s left knee and inquired about it. The deceased
informed her that on the night of 25 April 2005, she had returned home from
work and a quarrel with Lim broke out over his not having money for her to buy
dinner. She scolded him and he became upset, knocking over the coffee table
and causing her knee to be bruised. According to the deceased, Lim then pushed
her to the floor, dragged her to the master bedroom and attempted to suffocate
her with a cushion.

21 Ms Peng decided it would be best to house the deceased at a shelter at
Waterloo Street. She, and another colleague, accompanied the deceased to Lim’s
residence to pack her belongings. When they arrived, Lim was present. Ms Peng
explained that she had arranged for a place for the deceased to stay
temporarily while they tried to sort out their problems. Lim replied that he
did not understand why the deceased was so upset. He even told Ms Peng that he
had seen the deceased with another man in the flat and suspected her of having
an affair.

22 On hearing this, the deceased rushed out of the room where she had been
packing her things and screamed vulgarities at Lim. An argument followed,
during which, according to Ms Peng, the deceased was relentless in her verbal
abuse. Ms Peng called the police, concerned that a physical fight might break
out. Before the police arrived, Lim repeatedly asked the deceased not to leave
him. When the police came, both Lim and the deceased calmed down and the
latter eventually left the flat.

23 The deceased stayed at the shelter for some time after which she moved out
of her own accord and rented an apartment. The last contact Ms Peng had with
the deceased was on 24 August 2005, when the latter was said to be about to
file for a divorce.

24 On 25 May 2005, however, Ms Peng met with Lim at a counselling session
during which Lim said that he did not want a divorce and would do his best if
the deceased gave him a further opportunity to prove himself. He also revealed
that he would not prevent her from divorcing him if she was unwilling to
change her mind although he added that he would fight for the custody of both
children. Thereafter, he did not turn up for his subsequent appointments and
could not be contacted.

25 Although this report was admitted by consent without calling the maker, Mr
Subhas Anandan, who appeared for Lim, noted that the only part of this report
which could be relied on as casting light on the relationship between Lim and
the deceased was the interaction between the parties that Ms Peng had
witnessed and that is set out at [21] and [22] above. This is to be
distinguished from what had been told to Ms Peng by the accused.

**_HSA report on the DNA profiling of a vaginal swab dated 17 February 2006_**

26 Ms June Tang Sheau Wei, an analyst at the DNA Profiling Laboratory of the
HSA testified as to her findings that were set out in her report dated 17
February 2006. According to Ms Tang, a vaginal swab obtained from the
deceased’s body was found to have a trace of a stain, which was insufficient
to enable the analyst to confirm that it was semen. It was sufficient however,
to determine that there was male DNA in the deceased’s vagina which matched
Lim’s DNA profile. Ms Tang added that this could be due to direct contact or
secondary transfer. This was, in fact, consistent with the SOF in so far as it
stated that Lim and the deceased had consensual sexual intercourse shortly
before the latter’s death and that the deceased had gone to wash herself after
that.

**_HSA report on other objects found at the scene dated 17 March 2006_**

27 Forensic analysis was conducted on several items recovered at the scene of
the deceased’s death. The significant findings were these:

(a) a swab taken from two knife handles revealed a DNA profile matching that
of the deceased, suggesting that the deceased had handled the knives at some
point during her fight with Lim on 25 October 2006; and

(b) cells found deposited under the finger nails of the deceased matched Lim’s
DNA profile, suggesting that she had “some form of contact” with Lim.

**_Autopsy Report No. AZ20052916_**

28 Dr Gilbert Lau, a senior consultant pathologist at the Centre for Forensic
Medicine, HSA, who also conducted the autopsy of the deceased, testified as to
the effect of his autopsy report.

29 Dr Lau first testified that the cause of death by manual strangulation was
confirmed by the presence of bilateral conjunctival petechial haemorrhages
(pinpoint or dot like haemorrhages on the eyelids), taken together with
evidence of central and peripheral cyanosis (the purplish tinge on the lips,
face, fingertips and extremities) as well as a group of three faint, pinpoint
abrasions on the neck. According to Dr Lau, extensive external injuries are
not always found in cases of manual strangulation. Dr Lau also referred the
court to his internal examination of the body, and in particular, his findings
in relation to the anterior dissection of the neck. Here, the bruising that
was found correlated with the external injuries just described. In addition,
there was a fracture found at the right superior horn of the thyroid cartilage
(commonly called the Adam’s apple), which would have required “moderate to
considerable force” to have been applied. Dr Lau added that the fracture could
have occurred within a relatively short time if sufficient force had been
applied to the neck.

30 Dr Lau also testified that in a case of manual strangulation, one act of
compressive force could simultaneously give rise to a number of injuries
(including those described in [29] above). He said as follows:

[I]t is important to understand that…when an assailant applies…his hand to the
neck of the victim, in the case of manual strangulation…his grip may not
remain static. If the deceased, the victim, had put up a certain amount of
resistance for instance, then the grip should shift even if it is only…to a
small extent. But that itself would be quite sufficient to cause the injuries
that have – that were found at the autopsy, both the external as well as the
internal injuries.

31 Similarly, when Mr San directed Dr Lau’s attention to the 17 sets of
external injuries reported in the autopsy and asked whether this meant that
the deceased was attacked 17 separate times, Dr Lau unequivocally rejected
this inference. Instead, he testified that the injuries were consistent with
what one might expect in a scuffle between Lim and the deceased:

[J]ust because there are…say, three bruises on one part of the deceased’s
body, say an arm, it does not necessarily mean that…three separate blows had
to be…inflicted on that part of the body. Most of these bruises are actually –
would have been caused by fingertip pressure from gripping. And so a single
grip…of say, the deceased’s elbow, for instance, could result in as many as
three bruises in that particular region.

32 Dr Lau then clarified that in characterising the multiple bruises along
both of the deceased’s upper limbs as “defensive-type injuries or grip marks”,
he was employing a very broad definition of that term, and said that the
injuries could have been sustained by the deceased either in defending herself
or by striking Lim during the scuffle.

33 Most significantly, Dr Lau was asked by Mr San whether his findings in the
autopsy report were consistent with the facts set out in the SOF, and
specifically, whether they were consistent with the portrayal there that:

(a) The deceased had slapped Lim earlier in the quarrel;

(b) Lim had stopped the deceased from grabbing a knife in the kitchen;

(c) Lim had followed the deceased into the master bedroom to prevent her
throwing things around;

(d) The deceased slapped Lim again and strangled him by squeezing his throat
and neck; and

(e) Lim had reacted to the strangulation by also strangling the deceased until
she loosened her grip and fell down.

Dr Lau’s testimony was that his autopsy findings were, indeed, “entirely
consistent” with this narration of the events in the SOF.

34 Before Dr Lau was released, I asked him to clarify one of the conclusions
in his autopsy report, namely that there was an acute subdural haemorrhage,
associated with focal subgaleal bruising of the scalp, consistent with falls
upon, and/or blows inflicted, to the head.

35 Dr Lau explained that this showed that there had been some direct trauma
inflicted to the deceased’s head. Crucially, he stated that there were a
number of possibilities as to how those injuries could have been suffered. One
possibility was, of course, that Lim had inflicted the blows directly. Another
was that in the course of the scuffle, the deceased had fallen on or been
thrown against an object. Yet another possibility was that judging from the
position of the body at the scene of the incident, and assuming that the body
had not been moved, those injuries could have been caused by her final fall on
to the floor.

36 I also asked Dr Lau about a photograph (P 48) showing what looked like
bruising on the lower portion of the deceased’s back. Dr Lau stated that this
was not so, and that the colouration was due to the passive accumulation of
blood as a result of her body resting on its back after her death.

**_Psychiatric reports on Lim dated 7 December 2005 and 9 February 2007_**

37 Dr Tommy Tan, a consultant and forensic psychiatrist at the IMH, prepared
two psychiatric reports on Lim some 14 months apart. These were tendered by
the prosecution to demonstrate that Lim was suffering from post-traumatic
stress disorder at the time of the incident due to prolonged physical and
psychological abuse from the deceased.

38 In Lim’s case, post-traumatic stress disorder, as Dr Tan described it, was
characterised by:

(a) constant anxiety and fear of the deceased, even after her death;

(b) hypervigilance, in which he was always alert to her presence;

(c) avoidance behaviour, in which he tried to avoid her or locked himself in
the flat and kept the lights off;

(d) being easily startled by any noise; and

(e) depressed mood with suicidal thoughts and poor concentration.

Even in remand, Lim was said to be feeling anxious, easily startled by noise
and unable to sleep well at night. Lim could not explain why he continued to
be anxious since his wife had died, but during his first examination with Dr
Tan, Lim had even expressed doubt that the deceased had in fact died. In the
course of his oral evidence, Dr Tan reiterated that Lim’s illness had been
caused by repeated physical and psychological abuse by the deceased. This was
accepted by the prosecution and it was reflected in the SOF. Dr Tan explained
how he came to this conclusion and why he did not think Lim had exaggerated
his symptoms. Dr Tan also testified that Lim’s mental responsibility was
impaired by reason of this. Dr Tan stated that although Lim nevertheless would
have known what he was doing at the time of the offence, “ _he couldn’t have
controlled himself_ ”. It is noteworthy that Dr Tan in his first report had
stated the following:

Mr Lim was able to give an account of the alleged offence. He said that the
deceased started beating him. She then put her hands on his neck to strangle
him. He said that he let her strangle him until he could not control himself
anymore and he strangled her back. He said that he [was] “out of control”
unlike in the past he would just let her beat him. …

39 In his second report, dated 9 February 2007, Dr Tan stated that in his
opinion Lim had recovered from post-traumatic stress disorder. In his oral
testimony, he confirmed that there was an “appreciable and definite
difference” in Lim’s condition between the time of the first and second
reports. However, Dr Tan concluded his report as follows:

He will require long-term follow-up because there is a risk that his mental
disorder may recur, especially if he is stressed or reminded of the deceased.
However, I do not think that he is a danger to others as he had a good pre-
morbid personality, good family support and has been compliant with treatment
thus far and the circumstances that caused him to commit the offence may not
recur.

40 In direct examination by Mr San, Dr Tan stated that the risk of Lim
suffering a relapse of post-traumatic stress disorder was small. I asked Dr
Tan whether this meant that as long as there was regular and long-term medical
follow-up and treatment, the risk of his relapsing into post-traumatic stress
disorder would be controlled. Dr Tan then clarified that the reason for his
recommendation that there be long-term follow-up was not because Lim required
medication but that he (_ie_ Dr Tan) wanted to see him once or twice a year to
keep track of him and to remind him that there was help should he need it or
should he suffer a relapse of the symptoms. However, Dr Tan also said that he
did not think Lim would suffer a relapse given his personality, the family
support he enjoyed with regular visits by his mother and children and his
compliance with treatment thus far. Dr Tan also did not think Lim was a danger
to others.

Analysis of the further evidence

41 As stated above, the effect of the further evidence was to lend support to
the SOF. To summarise, the further evidence supported the agreed facts that:

(a) Lim was hearing impaired in one ear;

(b) The deceased had contact with two knife handles found at the flat,
suggesting that she did try to grab them sometime that night;

(c) The deceased and Lim had sexual intercourse on 25 October 2005. (That
semen could not be detected is consistent with the fact that the deceased had
washed herself after they had intercourse); and

(d) The injuries found on the deceased’s body indicate that there had been a
scuffle and was consistent with the SOF in particular as summarised at [33]
above.

There are perhaps only two further points that I should briefly discuss.

42 The first has to do with the report by Ms Peng at the Centre (_supra_ [19]
to [25]). This report appeared in parts to cast Lim not as the victim of abuse
but as the aggressor in his relationship with the deceased. I accept Mr
Anandan’s submission that Ms Peng’s report was based largely on the deceased’s
own narration of the events and to that extent was unreliable in so far as the
veracity of that narration remained untested. What is significant in
supporting the notion that Lim was a victim of the deceased’s abuse was Ms
Peng’s description of what transpired when she went with the deceased to Lim’s
flat. Her report showed the deceased to be the more aggressive and abusive of
the two until it got to the stage that Ms Peng thought it best to call the
police to maintain control of the situation.

43 It was also undisputed on the SOF that the deceased had first seduced Lim
to have sexual intercourse with her, and then threatened to report him for
rape and then taunted Lim that she could kill him and get away with it because
she had a record with the IMH. This showed the deceased to be someone who was
scheming and manipulative. This is to be seen in the light of the fact that
the psychiatric report and the SOF state that Lim was a victim of repeated
physical and psychological abuse to such an extent that he suffered from post-
traumatic stress disorder as a result of this.

44 The second point relates to the head injuries suffered by the deceased. As
stated above, there were a number of possibilities as to what could have
caused these injuries. Dr Lau in fact stated that one scenario with which the
injury was consistent, was the deceased falling down after being strangled,
especially if she had not been moved between the time she fell and the time
she was seen by Dr Lau. Mr San accepted that there was nothing to suggest that
she had been moved. I found it significant that the accused in his statement
made under s 122(6) of the Criminal Procedure Code (Cap 68, 1985 Rev Ed) said
that she had fallen down onto the bed or the floor after she had been
strangled. This was also reflected in the SOF. Indeed, it defies belief to
imagine that Lim had hit the deceased, and then purposefully placed her in
such a position on the floor as would match precisely with the injuries found
on her head had she actually fallen down. In this light, I asked Mr San what
the prosecution’s case was on this issue. Mr San, quite correctly, accepted
that the prosecution could not maintain that the deceased’s head injuries were
caused by the accused hitting her given the various possibilities identified
by Dr Lau.

45  In the circumstances, after considering the evidence led by the
prosecution and having regard to the parties’ submission that the SOF was
borne out by the objective evidence, I am satisfied that the SOF accurately
depicts the relationship between Lim and the accused, as well as the events
that took place on the night of the deceased’s death. Indeed as I have noted
above, in some respects the further evidence reinforced the narration of facts
contained in the SOF.

Submissions on sentencing

46 The question then arises as to the sentence that would be appropriate in
the circumstances. Mr San accepted that there were no aggravating factors
present in this case. However, he sought to suggest that I should not exercise
my discretion too leniently in favour of Lim on the basis of two related
arguments. The first was that there was a disparity in the physical sizes of
Lim and the deceased, the former being somewhat taller and heavier than the
latter. The relevance of this, Mr San submitted, was that Lim could easily
have pushed the deceased away when she was strangling him. In fact, Mr San
continued, the fact that Lim was able to disarm the deceased of the kitchen
knives shortly before the fight in which she was strangled, showed that he had
the ability to prevent the fight if he wanted to. Mr San submitted that
instead of exercising restraint, Lim exploited his physical advantage and even
fractured the deceased’s thyroid cartilage, which Dr Lau had testified would
have required moderate to considerable force to inflict. The second argument
Mr San made was that I should use the decision in _PP v_ _Oon Oon Sang Tee_ ,
Criminal Case No. 11 of 2006 (Unreported) (“ _Oon Oon_ ”) as a suitable
benchmark for the purposes of deciding the appropriate sentence in the present
case. In that case, the court sentenced the accused to 4 years and 6 months’
imprisonment. Mr San submitted that having regard to the possibility that Lim
might be more deserving of leniency than the accused in that case, the
sentence in this case should be no less than 4 years.

47 On the other hand, Mr Anandan submitted that there were strong mitigating
factors that warranted a sentence at the lowest end of the sentencing range
for convictions under s 304(_b_) of the Code. He placed particular emphasis on
Dr Tan’s diagnosis that Lim had recovered from his post-traumatic stress
disorder and was no longer a danger to others, and cited cases where it has
been held that this should be a factor that counts in the accused person’s
favour.

Analysis of the contentions

48 Four considerations are usually paramount in sentencing: deterrence,
retribution, prevention and rehabilitation. However, not all of these factors
are always relevant in every case. As V K Rajah J observed in _Tan Kay Beng v
PP_ [2006] 4 SLR 10 (“ _Tan Kay Beng_ ”) at [29]:

[T]hese principles are not always complementary and indeed may even engender
conflicting consequences when mechanically applied in the process of
sentencing. In practice, judges often place emphasis on one or more sentencing
considerations in preference to, and sometimes even to the exclusion of all
the other remaining considerations.

49 It was not earnestly disputed before me that deterrence was not a
significant issue in this case. Where a person suffers from a mental
impairment such that his actions are not the result of conscious deliberation,
deterrence, both general and specific, is not the predominant sentencing
consideration. This is only commonsense because deterrence operates on the
assumption of human autonomy. In _Ng So Kuen Connie v PP_ [2003] 3 SLR 178 at
[58], Yong Pung How CJ held, citing _R v Wiskich_ [2000] SASC 64 in support:

I found that…the element of general deterrence can and should be given
considerably less weight if the offender was suffering from a mental disorder
at the time of the commission of the offence. This is particularly so if there
is a causal link between the mental disorder and the commission of the
offence…In my view, a general deterrence will not be enhanced by meting out an
imprisonment term to a patient suffering from a serious mental disorder which
led to the commission of the offence.

50 This was reiterated in _Goh Lee Yin v PP_ [2006] 1 SLR 530, where Yong CJ
also remarked (at [29]):

The rehabilitation of the offender could also take precedence where other
sentencing considerations such as deterrence are rendered less effective, as
might be the case for an offender belabouring under a serious psychiatric
condition or mental disorder at the time of the incident.

51 More recently, in _PP v Law Aik Meng_ [2007] SGHC 33 at [22], Rajah J made
the following comments:

Specific deterrence is usually appropriate in instances where the crime is
premeditated: _Tan Fook Sum_ at 533, [18]. This is because deterrence probably
works best where there is a _conscious_ choice to commit crimes. Nigel Walker
and Nicola Padfield in _Sentencing: Theory, Law and Practice_ (Butterworths,
1996, 2nd Ed) (“Padfield & Walker, 1996”) at p 99 explain the theory of
‘undeterribility’. Pathologically weak self-control, addictions, mental
illnesses and compulsions are some of the elements that, if possessed by an
offender, may constitute ‘undeterribility’, thus rendering deterrence futile.
Such elements seem to involve some form of impulse or inability to make proper
choices on the part of the offender, which, by definition, runs counter to the
concept of premeditation. It should be pointed out here that this reasoning
applies with equal cogency to _general_ deterrence.

[emphasis in original]

52 If deterrence is not the predominant factor that I should take into account
in sentencing Lim, perhaps the need to imprison him for the sake of his
rehabilitation or simply to prevent him from committing further crimes may be.
Yet, even these factors cannot justify a long term of imprisonment because as
Mr Anandan rightly pointed out, and Mr San agreed, the prognosis for Lim
according to Dr Tan was optimistic. Not only had he recovered, Dr Tan was also
of the view that the risk of any recurrence of his post-traumatic stress
disorder was small. There had been definite improvement in Lim’s condition
according to Dr Tan and he was not thought to be a danger to others. Moreover,
Lim had apparently benefited from good family support during his incarceration
so far and there is no reason to think this will not continue.

53 What remains then is the retributive aim of sentencing: the need for a
person to be punished for his wrong having regard to the degree of culpability
in his conduct. It is in this context that the mitigating circumstances urged
by Mr Anandan are potentially significant.

**_Lim’s history of abuse_**

54 By far the most important consideration in my view – though certainly not
the only one – is the undisputed fact that Lim suffered severe and repeated
physical and psychological abuse at the hands of the deceased, so much so that
he suffered post-traumatic stress disorder not to mention a partial loss of
hearing in one ear.

55 The simple fact of the matter is that Lim was the victim of a violent and
abusive spouse over a period of time so much so that according to Dr Tan, Lim
suffered from hypervigilance; he startled easily; he locked himself in his own
home and kept the lights off; he was unable to sleep and continued to be in
this state despite the source of his trauma passing away. He had initially
persevered in the belief that the deceased was alive and continued to be
afraid of her even after she had died. There is a danger that such symptoms
may be passed off as the wiles of a malingerer but an experienced government
psychiatrist, whose evidence was accepted by both sides, stated that he had
addressed his mind to this possibility and had excluded it in this case.

56 When one views the events on the night of 25 October 2005 through the lens
of this abusive relationship between Lim and the deceased, it becomes clear
that the prosecution’s position that Lim had exploited their disparity in size
and failed to appropriately calibrate his response to the deceased’s actions
rings hollow. The very fact that the deceased, notwithstanding her diminutive
physical stature, was able to manipulate and physically as well as
psychologically abuse Lim to a point that he suffered a mental illness with
the symptoms outlined in [38] above (a fact undisputed by the prosecution)
proves that size was no barrier to her aggression towards Lim. Neither was
size relevant to Lim’s perception of danger, given his fear of the deceased,
the abuse that he had suffered, the deceased’s threats to take his child to
Jakarta, her threat to report him for rape, her threat to kill him followed by
her attempt at grabbing the knives in the kitchen, and then her strangling him
– all of which came to a sharp point within the space of a few hours on 25
October 2005.

**_Lim’s reaction to the abuse on 25 October 2005_**

57 I also could not accept the prosecution’s argument that Lim’s ability to
disarm the deceased meant that he could simply have pushed her away if he
wanted to and so this should in some way be held against him for his failure
to successfully rebuff her subsequently. In my judgment, this fact, if
anything, shows that Lim was exercising considerable restraint right up to the
point when the deceased began to strangle him. Lim’s disarming of the deceased
demonstrates that he had wanted to prevent the conflict from escalating. How
could this not be a mitigating factor?

58 Lim’s actions showed, in my view, that he was not prone to resort to
arbitrary or excessive violence even in the face of potential danger as long
as there was a way out of the situation. One inference to be drawn from his
act of disarming the deceased when she took the knives is that if he had
thought that there was an alternative to stopping the deceased from strangling
him to death, he would not have retaliated or strangled her in return. This
serves to mitigate, not aggravate, his moral culpability.

59 In addition, the prosecution’s argument that Lim should have displayed
greater control over his actions belies a failure to appreciate the
circumstances of Lim’s troubled relationship with the deceased, and the
traumatic events that had happened before and were happening even on 25
October 2005. It should be noted that even in respect of defences that require
the accused’s actions to be proportionate to the danger posed such as
provocation or the right of private defence, the courts have refused to weigh
in golden scales the means which a threatened person adopts or the force he
uses to repel the danger. In _Seah Kok Meng v PP_ [2001] 3 SLR 135 (“ _Seah
Kok Meng_ ”), the Court of Appeal reiterated its holding in _Lau Lee Peng v
PP_ [2000] 2 SLR 628 that the fact that the retaliatory acts may have been out
of proportion to the provocation offered does not necessarily mean that the
defence must fail. In _Seah Kok Meng_ , Chao Hick Tin JA wrote (at [34]):

All we stated was that the fact that the act of retaliation may be out of
proportion to the provocation offered does not mean that the defence must
fail. In as much as there are degrees of provocation, the same applies to the
severity of the response. Besides, there are also degrees of
disproportionality. In an issue such as this, which is a question of fact,
_one cannot be so clinical or emphatic as to say that the provocation and the
response must always be matched, otherwise the defence will fail. It is the
overall circumstances which the trial judge must weigh, and superimposed into
that consideration how a reasonable person in those circumstances would have
reacted, and then come to a conclusion_. [emphasis added]

60 In _PP v Vijayakumar s/o Veeriah_ [2005] SGHC 221, Tay Yong Kwang J stated
the proposition in the following terms at [52]:

I appreciate that one should bear in mind the difficult circumstances during a
struggle and that there would not be the luxury of time and calmness to think
about the possible courses of action to take. In other words, one should not
weigh the proportionality of the accused’s response on golden scales.

61 On the facts of that case, however, given that the accused had stabbed the
deceased several times, Tay J found that there was no basis for invoking the
right of private defence.

62 It is true that these cases are not directly relevant because the issue
before me does not concern an attempt to raise a defence of provocation or
private defence to a charge of murder. But the statements I have referred to
illustrate the simple common sense inherent in human experience, that one
cannot evaluate the relative culpability of the combatants in the throes of a
violent physical conflict, by reference to the standards that might be
expected in situations that are not similarly charged.

63 In a supplementary note filed in response to an invitation I made to
counsel to address me on some of these cases, Mr San stated that he was not
suggesting that a precisely calibrated measure should be applied to assess
Lim’s actions. However, he submitted that Lim knew he was likely to cause the
deceased’s death when he strangled her. Second, he submitted that the fact
that the accused had used force sufficient to fracture the deceased’s thyroid
cartilage was a relevant fact in assessing the weight to be accorded to the
fact that no weapon was used. Third, although the deceased was the aggressor
the significance of this was to be seen in the context of her small size.

64 I have addressed some of these points elsewhere but it is convenient to
make a few short points here. As to the first point, the prosecution did not
challenge or address Dr Tan’s opinion that although Lim knew what he was doing
at the time of the offence, he could not control himself. This in turn is also
relevant to the second point.

65 Indeed, it may be taken for granted that Lim did react somewhat
excessively. Otherwise, as I pointed out to Mr San, the prosecution would have
accepted that Lim was exercising his right of private defence. The real
question is how much culpability is to be attached to his actions. The fact
that no weapon was used is relevant in this regard because a victim killing
his aggressor with bare hands in the midst of a physical fight is almost an
archetypal case of a loss of control in the most trying of circumstances. To
this may be added the following considerations:

(a) the history of the abusive relationship between the deceased and Lim in
which he was the victim in fear of the deceased;

(b) the provocative actions of the deceased leading up to the fatal fight;

(c) the absence of any planning or premeditation in the commission of the
offence;

(d) the absence of any plan or attempt to cover up the incident;

(e) the fact that Lim stopped strangling the deceased the moment he felt her
grip loosening; and

(f) the fact that he had, prior to the fatal incident, tried to prevent the
violence from escalating by disarming the deceased.

66 As to the third point, with great respect to the prosecution, it is wholly
unrealistic to consider the relative size of the two parties (leaving to one
side Mr Anandan’s observation that Lim was not a large man himself) without
regard to the matters set out at [54] to [56] above. Absent those matters, the
question of size may well have been relevant. However, when seen in the
context of these matters, it is apparent that the deceased’s size was no
barrier to her ability to abuse Lim; or to make him live in fear of her.
Frightening aggression can come in a small package and in this case, it
evidently did. The fact that Lim had been scared out of his mind by the
deceased over the course of some time makes it untenable for the prosecution
to suggest that the deceased was not that much of an aggressor or that Lim’s
actions are made more culpable because he was larger than her.

67 Looking at all the facts in the round, I am satisfied that Lim had not
acted egregiously or wantonly or so culpably as to deserve a lengthy sentence.
I turn to some other considerations.

**_Lim’s lack of antecedents_**

68 In _Tan Kay Beng_ (_supra_ [48]), Rajah J held that an accused’s
antecedents may be indicative of the need for a heavier sentence if it
reflected a pattern or tendency for repeat offending. In the present case,
such a concern does not arise. As both counsel agreed, Lim has no criminal
record apart from this incident; and as far as Dr Tan’s evidence goes, the
chances of relapse are slim.

**_Lim’s plea of guilt and cooperation with the authorities_**

69 A timeous plea of guilt is often a relevant sentencing consideration unless
it is animated by cynical motives: _Angliss_ (_supra_ [1]). Even though in the
present case Lim pleaded guilty in circumstances where he was caught red-
handed, this does not invariably mean that he is deprived of the mitigating
value of his plea of guilt. As explained by Rajah J in _Angliss_ , at [69]:

[T]he exceptions to the practice of reducing sentences for guilty pleas simply
represent and reflect judicial and common experience that where the evidence
against the offender is truly overwhelming or where the offender is caught
red-handed or where it was only a matter of time before the offender’s illegal
activities would come to light, it would not be wrong to surmise that a plea
of guilt in these circumstances is merely tactical and not genuine. However,
it must be cautioned that these are no more than helpful analytical and
evidential presumptions to assist a court in assessing whether the offender’s
guilty plea is activated by sincere remorse. _I do not interpret the cases as
laying down an inexorable principle of law that a plea of guilt cannot ever
mitigate a sentence where, to use the learned district judge’s language, the
plea is inevitable._ After all, even many obviously guilty persons do not
plead guilty or express remorse.

[emphasis added]

70 In that case, Rajah J also observed that at least one “persuasive
indication” of whether the accused has pleaded guilty out of a sense of
genuine remorse is an early bid to cooperate with the investigating
authorities and the surrender of an accused person at the early stages of
investigation: _ibid_ , at [74], citing _PP v Siew Boon Loong_ [2005] 1 SLR
611 at [21]. In the present case, it was again undisputed that Lim did not
attempt to flee the scene of the crime or to cover up what he had done but had
surrendered to the police and then cooperated fully with the authorities, and
has since then been faithful to his medical regime. Whatever initial
resistance there may have been to his arrest is to be seen in the context of
his mental affliction at the time (he even stabbed himself and threatened
suicide), and should not be held against him.

**_The precedents_**

71 In my view, the unique combination of facts and events in the present case
removes it from the clutch of other cases concerning s 304(_b_) of the Code,
and warrants a sentence at the lower end of the sentencing range provided by
Parliament. Nonetheless, given that the prosecution placed much reliance on
_Oon Oon_ (_supra_ [46]), I will address that case in more detail. There is no
reasoned judgment in that case and one is left to draw from it such assistance
as may be had from the statement of facts and the sentence that was passed.

72 In _Oon Oon_ , the accused was sentenced to four years and six months’
imprisonment for strangling his wife to death. The deceased there had been
having an affair and the accused, her husband, was distraught by this. Some
days after the wife’s extramarital affair began, and amidst another attempt by
the accused at reconciliation, the deceased told the accused that she could
not change the way she felt and intimated that she would find a solution to
their problems within the next three months. The accused interpreted this to
mean she would get a divorce from the accused and he then strangled her. They
struggled for some time and fell from the bed but continued struggling with
the accused strangling the deceased until he saw blood oozing from her face.
Mr San urged that there were similarities between that case and the present in
so far as the dispute giving rise to the fatal incident was within a
dysfunctional spousal context with mental cruelty being inflicted on the
accused; there was no premeditation; no weapon was used in either case; and
there was an underlying psychiatric condition in the case of each of the
accused persons in the two cases.

73 Beyond these beguiling similarities, however, lies a gulf of difference
between _Oon Oon_ and the present case. First of all, even though both
incidents took place within a dysfunctional domestic context, I do not think
that it can be seriously challenged that the repeated physical and
psychological abuse suffered by Lim in the course of an abusive relationship
which resulted in his suffering post-traumatic stress disorder and which
culminated in the events of that fateful evening was of a wholly different
order to the taunting suffered by the accused in _Oon Oon_. More
significantly, the precipitating cause of the accused’s violence in _Oon Oon_
was rage and jealousy _._ In my view, the actions of the accused in _Oon Oon_
were much more culpable than those of Lim, who acted not out of jealousy but
in the context of intense abuse, manipulation and violence directed at him and
at a time when the deceased was strangling him. Lim was not acting in rage in
spite of all he had endured. He was reacting to this series of provocative
events.

74 Second, the accused in _Oon Oon_ was the aggressor. There had been no
threat to his life. He interpreted something his wife had said to mean that
she would divorce him and reacted to that by killing her with his bare hands.
This is far removed from the present case. Lim was afraid of his wife and
clearly he was not the aggressor as Mr San accepted. Rather, Lim had been the
victim of an abusive spouse and was the victim of aggression by that same
person when he reacted as he did.

75 Third, the medical prognoses for both accused were very different. As Mr
Anandan pointed out, the psychiatrist in _Oon Oon_ had testified that the
accused would require at least 2 years of medical treatment and another one or
two years of monitoring because he was likely to have a _genetic
predisposition to depressive mood disorders_ as was found to be the case with
several of his family members who were also undergoing psychiatric treatment.
In the present case, Dr Tan’s testimony that Lim was already cured of his
post-traumatic stress disorder makes a vital difference. Further, the source
of the disorder was not a genetic predisposition but the abuse by the
deceased. While Mr San relied on the fact that Dr Tan had recommended long-
term medical follow-up, it is clear that this was only for the purpose of
providing support for Lim. It was not in any way an indication that Lim was
still labouring under his abnormality of the mind, or that he posed a risk to
others and/or himself. Dr Tan in fact rejected such a notion. Further, Mr San
accepted that there was no real likelihood of a recurrence that I needed to be
concerned with in determining the appropriate sentence.

76 These factors, in my judgment, are sufficiently important and significant
that _Oon Oon_ should not be used as a benchmark for assessing the appropriate
sentence in the present case. While I accept the general proposition that the
common law evolves by analogy to similar cases, as noted by Choo Han Teck J in
_Robertson Quay Investment Pte Ltd v Steen Consultants Pte Ltd and Others_
[2007] SGHC 30 at [8], an inherent difficulty with analogies is that they are
often not the same as the thing or situation they are being compared with.
Only like cases should be treated alike and in my judgment, _Oon Oon_ is not a
case like the present.

77 Reference was also made to _PP v Lim Boon Seng_ [2004] SGHC 113 (“ _Lim
Boon Seng_ ”), where the accused was sentenced to three years and six months’
imprisonment. According to Mr San, the accused there was more deserving of
sympathy than Lim because in _Lim Boon Seng_ , the deceased was the aggressor
and was larger than the accused whom he was pummelling and the latter was
justifiably in fear for his life. Mr San also added that while the accused in
_Lim Boon Seng_ had used a knife to stab his aggressor, the fact that no
weapon was used in the present case should not be regarded as too significant
a mitigating factor.

78 I accept Mr San’s latter argument that one must look at the entirety of the
circumstances. Thus, a single factor such as whether a knife was employed in
the commission of the offence is not necessarily paramount or critical.
However, the entirety of the circumstances in _Lim Boon Seng_ includes that
fact that the accused had been able to retreat somewhat from his attacker when
he saw and picked up a knife and used it to stab his attacker. Furthermore,
that was not a case involving serious spousal abuse directed at the accused
over a period of some time or where the deceased had just threatened to kill
the accused and attempted to get a knife just prior to strangling the accused.
These factors separate _Lim Boon Seng_ from the present case. For these
reasons as well as those set out in my first judgment at [39] to [40] of the
GD, I consider that Lim’s actions are less culpable than those of the accused
in _Lim Boon Seng_ and is thus deserving of a lesser sentence.

79 As for the other cases which demonstrate how the courts have sentenced
accused persons under s 304(_b_) of the Code, I have addressed them in my
first judgment and it is not necessary to repeat the analysis here: see [27]
to [40] of the GD.

Conclusion

80 In arriving at my decision, I have not overlooked the fact that a life has
been lost. On any basis, this is tragic; and indeed, Lim will have to live
with the burden of having taken the life of the deceased, from whom he endured
much abuse and yet with whom he continued to harbour hopes of reconciliation
almost to the end. But to focus on this is to come to the issue from the wrong
perspective. The question is not what a life is worth for every life is
priceless and the loss cannot ever be measured in punitive terms. The loss of
a life can never be remedied or compensated even by the ultimate sanction of
the death penalty. The right perspective is to weigh the circumstances of the
offence and the offender in the context of the entire factual matrix and then
to determine the punishment that fits this particular criminal who has
committed this particular crime.

81 To accept the prosecution’s argument that a longer term of imprisonment is
warranted even in the face of all the mitigating factors present in this case
because a life has been lost is tantamount to imposing an artificial minimum
sentence by judicial fiat. This would be to ignore the fact that Parliament in
its wisdom has conferred on the courts a wide discretion as to the appropriate
sentence that may be imposed for offences under this sanction, ranging from a
mere fine to a term of imprisonment of up to 10 years. Such a wide range does
not feature in the other offences in the Code that concern homicide.

82 In the end, my analysis of the decided cases and the circumstances of this
case as well as the consideration of the wide sentencing discretion that
Parliament has allowed, have all led me to conclude that an appropriate
sentence would be one at the lower end of the sentencing spectrum. Just as the
maximum penalty is reserved for the “worst type of cases falling within the
prohibition” (_Sim Gek Yong v PP_ [1995] 1 SLR 537 at 542, [12]-[13]),
sentences near or at the minimum should be meted out where a case displays a
remarkable lack of aggravating factors and a number of significant mitigating
factors and where the interests of deterrence, rehabilitation or prevention do
not mandate otherwise. This is one such case. The prime interest here is
punishment or retribution and the critical consideration is the degree of
culpability on the part of the accused.

83 This is a case of a man who did momentarily lose control and killed his
wife. There is no denying that he lost control of himself. He said as much to
Dr Tan. There is also no denying that his loss of control had the most
horrific of consequences. That much could be said of many killings especially
those that take place in a fit of enraged passion. But in considering the
degree of culpability that is to be attached to the actions of the accused who
is before me, it is imperative to have regard to all the circumstances that
led to that loss of control. I have canvassed those circumstances in some
detail in the forgoing paragraphs but by way of summary only it may be noted
that:

(a) Lim had been the victim of the deceased who was an abusive spouse who had
physically and psychologically abused him to a point where he become mentally
disordered;

(b) he was afraid of the deceased;

(c) the deceased had sought him out on that fateful day and had physically
abused him, seduced him to have sexual intercourse and then threatened to
report him for rape, threatened to kill him, tried to take hold of one or more
knives and then hit him again before strangling him;

(d) it was at that point that he retaliated by strangling her;

(e) the fact that the deceased was smaller than Lim did not prevent her from
abusing him or from being the aggressor that night or from having Lim live in
fear of her; and

(f) no weapon was used. The setting was that of an intense physical fight
initiated by the deceased and still continuing with each strangling the other
until Lim felt the deceased’s grip on his neck loosen. There is no trace or
suggestion of any premeditation or planning. This was a case where Lim lost
control under the most trying of circumstances, none of which appear to have
been of his making.

84 It is also relevant to consider Lim’s actions after the event. He was
clearly in a state of distress. He did not flee or try to cover up his
actions. He co-operated fully with the authorities and he pleaded guilty to
the offence with which he was charged. He has responded well to his treatment.
The medical prognosis is positive and there is no real likelihood of a
recurrence. Finally, he had no antecedents at all.

85 In my judgment, there is a unique abundance of factors that call for
leniency in this case.

86 I must emphasise that none of what I have said should be taken as
suggesting that the deceased’s life was worth less than that of anyone else
because she was an abusive spouse or that victims of spousal abuse should
automatically be entitled to leniency. To come away with either of those
notions would be to miss completely the underlying approach which I consider
appropriate here and which I have taken in this case, namely: how culpable are
the actions of this accused person in all the circumstances of this crime; and
in that light, what is the appropriate sentence?

87 Having considered all the arguments raised on both sides, I sentence Lim a
term of imprisonment of two years and six months. This is to be backdated to
the date of his arrest.

Accused sentenced to two years and six months’ imprisonment backdated to date
of arrest.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 26 Mar 2007 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

