Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Awyong Shi Peng v Lim Siu Lay  
[2007] SGHC 16

Case Number | : | DC Suit 610/2006, RAS 83/2006  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 30 January 2007  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Choo Han Teck J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Steven Lee Chung Yen (Hilborne & Co) for the plaintiff/respondent; Kevin Kwek (Legal Solutions LLC) for the defendant/appellant   
Parties | : |  Awyong Shi Peng — Lim Siu Lay   
  
Civil Procedure – Default judgment – Court granting application to set aside
default judgment but imposing condition that appellant furnish security –
Whether court should exercise discretion to set aside condition – Applicable
principles – Order 19 r 9 Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2006 Rev Ed)  
  

30 January 2007 |   
---|---  
  
Choo Han Teck J:

1 This was an appeal against the decision of the District Judge (“the DJ”)
dismissing the appellant’s application to set aside a condition that the
appellant furnishes security in the form of a Banker’s guarantee or pay into
court the sum of $100,000 which is the respondent’s claim amount (“the
condition”). The appellant and respondent in this appeal were respectively the
defendant and plaintiff in DC Suit No 610 of 2006 (“the main claim”). The
respondent had entered judgment against the appellant in default of defence
(“the default judgment”) on 20 March 2006. The appellant filed an application
to set aside the default judgment on the ground that he had applied to strike
out the respondent’s action and thought that by reason of that, the defence
need not be filed in the meantime. The Deputy Registrar set aside the default
judgment but imposed the condition. After hearing the parties, I allowed the
appeal and the condition for setting aside the default judgment was rescinded.

2 The appellant is the brother-in-law of Mr Awyong Kah Lock (“AKL”) who is the
father of the respondent. The respondent alleged that on or about 28 November
2001, the appellant had received a sum of $100,000 from AKL, who directed the
appellant to pay the said sum to the respondent when he turned 21 years old on
15 August 2003. The respondent relied on a memorandum dated 28 November 2001
(“the memorandum”) which was signed by the appellant, acknowledging that he
had taken the said sum from AKL and that he unconditionally undertook to pay
the said sum to the respondent on 15 August 2003. However, on 15 August 2003,
the appellant refused to pay the said sum. He argued that he did not sign the
memorandum and denied that he had received any money from AKL.

3 The respondent commenced the main suit against the appellant and the writ of
summons was served on the appellant on 20 February 2006. On 15 March 2006, the
appellant received a notice to file his defence within 48 hours. An
application to strike out the writ of summons was filed instead, on the basis
that the statement of claim disclosed no reasonable cause of action. The
respondent proceeded to enter judgment in default of defence on 20 March 2006.
When the appellant was served with the default judgment, Summons Entered No
4382 of 2006 was filed to set aside the default judgment. The Deputy Registrar
ordered that the default judgment be set aside provided the condition imposed
was fulfilled. That brings us to the present matter at hand.

4 In his affidavit, the appellant denied that he had signed the memorandum. He
stated that he had a strained relationship with AKL as a result of previous
disagreements when he was director and shareholder of AKL’s company.
Eventually he resigned and transferred his shareholding to AKL. Mr Kevin Kwek,
counsel for the appellant, submitted that it was therefore unlikely that AKL
would have transferred any money to him in late November 2001. In addition, he
contended that even if such a transaction took place, it would be illegal as
it was an arrangement by AKL to prevent the latter’s assets from falling into
the hands of the Official Assignee. According to the appellant, AKL owed,
amongst other debts, $1.5 million to the Inland Revenue Department in unpaid
taxes and had absconded from Singapore with his wife at the end of 2001. As it
stands now, AKL is an undischarged bankrupt and there is an outstanding
warrant for his arrest.

5 The respondent refused to address the allegations made against his father as
he felt that they were not relevant to the claim. He instead, produced a
Report dated 5 July 2005 from the Health Sciences Authority (“the Report”)
regarding the authenticity of the appellant’s signature on the memorandum. The
Report found that the signature on the memorandum was in fact, the appellant’s
signature. The respondent submitted that the appellant was taking advantage of
the absence of AKL in denying the respondent’s claim to the $100,000. It
transpired from the affidavit of the respondent that his twin brother, Awyong
Shi Hong had commenced an identical claim against the appellant also for a sum
of $100,000. According to Mr Steven Lee, counsel for the respondent, AKL had
given the appellant another sum of $100,000 which was to be paid to the
respondent’s twin brother on 15 August 2003 under a similar memorandum signed
by the appellant also dated 28 November 2001. However, the twin did not
commence any action until after the appellant had filed this appeal before me.

6 The respondent also challenged the bank statements submitted by the
appellant, arguing that he did not submit all his bank statements. In
particular, the appellant did not submit his bank statement from a Citibank
Account in Hong Kong (“Citibank account”). The respondent knew about this
account and had requested for the Citibank account statements from the
appellant in May 2002. According to the statement, the Citibank account had
HK$1,000,021.62 in cash, which was approximately equivalent to $200,000
Singapore Dollars. The respondent then alleged that the appellant had
deposited the $200,000 into the Citibank account as he was afraid that the
Singapore government would query the source of his funds if he deposited such
a large sum into his various Singapore bank accounts. The appellant however,
contended that the Citibank account was opened in his name upon his sister’s
(_i._ e. the respondent’s mother) request for assistance. The appellant met
AKL in Hong Kong in October 2001 to open the account and it was AKL who
deposited the money into the Citibank account through the appellant. The ATM
card and cheque book issued by the bank were retained by AKL. According to the
appellant, the account was closed in June 2002 and the remaining money in the
account was withdrawn in cash and handed over to AKL.

7 Under Order 19 rule 9 of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2006 Rev Ed)
(“the Rules”), the Court may, on such terms as it thinks just, set aside or
vary any judgment entered pursuant to this Order. In general, the court may
permit the judgment to be set aside subject to the defendant’s compliance with
reasonable conditions. A judgment entered in default of defence can be set
aside, for example, subject to the provision of security by the defence (_TR
Networks Ltd and Others v Elixir Health Holdings Pte Ltd and Others_ [2005]
SGHC 106). However, the court would avoid imposing terms which the defendant
cannot possibly comply with as this would deprive him of his right to have the
judgment set aside (see Jeffery Pinsler, _Singapore Court Practice 2006_ ,
para 13/8/5 at p.191).

8 The discretionary power of the court to set aside a default judgment that
has been entered into regularly, as was the case here, is unconditional. The
overriding principle in the exercise of the court’s discretionary power is to
avoid the injustice which may result if judgment follows automatically on
default. In exercising its discretion to set aside the judgment, the court
would look at whether the defendant had established a defence with a real
prospect of success and which carried some degree of conviction (applying
_Alpine Bulk Transport Co. Inc v Saudi Eagle Shipping Co. Inc_ [1986] 2
Lloyd’s Rep. 221 (“ _The Saudi Eagle_ ”); followed in _Abdul Gaffer v Chua
Kwang Yong_ [1995] 1 SLR 484 (“ _Abdul Gaffer”_)). However, where the
defendant did not deliberately ignore the proceedings, the merits of the
defence may not be scrutinized as strictly as propounded in _The Saudi Eagle_
(see _Singapore Civil Procedure 2003_ , para 13/8/3 at p.132). It was evident
from the affidavit of the appellant that he did not deliberately ignore the
proceedings. Rather, he filed an application, the grounds of which were not
unreasonable, to strike out the action. It might not have been a correct move
on his part, but that did not disentitle the appellant from having the default
judgment set aside (see _Abdul Gaffer_).

9 At present, the merits of the case appear to be evenly balanced. It was not
readily apparent from the affidavits filed which of the two parties was
generally more truthful and reliable in respect of their claims. It was
undeniable from the affidavits that there was substantial dispute of fact
between the parties. While it was evident that there might be fraud involved,
it is not clear which party was the perpetrator of the fraud. It seemed to me
that the appellant may have a defence but that is not a matter for me to
decide conclusively on at this juncture. It would be fair, therefore, that the
appellant be given the opportunity to present his side of the story to the
trial judge. The appellant may not have sufficient funds to satisfy the
condition imposed. He had submitted that he was unable to furnish security of
$100,000 in the form of a Banker’s Guarantee or payment into court. This would
deprive the appellant of his right to defend himself against respondent’s
claim. In that sense, it would seem that judgment would have been passed
against the appellant literally, by default. This matter was further
complicated by the existence of the second claim. It would be unjustifiable if
the present claim against the appellant succeeded (by default) and the second
claim failed (if the appellant’s defence succeeds). The interests of fairness
would not be served in imposing payment into court as a condition for
restoring the defence. For these reasons, the appeal was allowed, with costs
in the cause.

Appellant’s application to set aside the condition allowed.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 30 Jan 2007 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

