Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Public Prosecutor v Fernando Payagala Waduge Malitha Kumar  
[2007] SGHC 23

Case Number | : | MA 256/2006  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 15 February 2007  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  V K Rajah J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Paul Quan (Deputy Public Prosecutor) for the appellant; Peter Keith Fernando (Leo Fernando) for the respondent   
Parties | : |  Public Prosecutor — Fernando Payagala Waduge Malitha Kumar   
  
Criminal Procedure and Sentencing – Sentencing – Benchmark sentences – When
and how to be relied on – Basis for departure  
  
Criminal Procedure and Sentencing – Sentencing – Principles – Foreign
precedents on sentencing – Whether relevance confined to broad principles and
articulated sentencing considerations  
  
Criminal Procedure and Sentencing – Sentencing – Forms of punishment –
Probation – Suitability of probation for foreigners  
  
Criminal Procedure and Sentencing – Sentencing – Principles – Public interest
– Reliance on deterrence as a sentencing consideration – Importance of
deterrence when offending conduct undermining public confidence in financial
services  
  
Criminal Procedure and Sentencing – Sentencing – Sentencing tariffs for credit
card cheating offences – Factors for court to consider when deciding whether
sentencing tariff should be discounted or enhanced  
  

15 February 2007 |   
---|---  
  
V K Rajah J:

1 Credit cards are now widely accepted as a preferred mode of payment for
daily transactions. Unfortunately, the plethora of credit card transactions
has in turn engendered a multiplicity of credit card offences. The financial
burden perpetrated by such credit card frauds falls on the shoulders of the
issuers, the banking industry and credit card holders. Indeed, the very
substantial interest that credit card issuers and banks charge for instalment
payments and defaults can also be directly attributed to the substantial
losses these institutions continue to chalk up from card frauds and scams. It
would be no exaggeration to assert that the entire credit card holding
community bears the palpable and painful brunt of such offences. In addition,
the inconvenience, frustration, distress and perhaps even loss of reputation
suffered by victims of fraud are often incalculable and irremediable.

2 It is therefore important to have a coherent and consistent sentencing
regime to deter the commission of such offences in Singapore. The relevant
sentencing considerations, principles and appropriate sentencing tariffs for
offences concerning the fraudulent use of credit cards are assessed and
expounded upon in these grounds of decision.

3 The respondent pleaded guilty to two charges: (a) criminal misappropriation
of a credit card under s 403 of the Penal Code (Cap 224, 1985 Rev Ed) (“Penal
Code”), read with s 3(1) of the Tokyo Convention Act (Cap 327, 1985 Rev Ed);
and (b) cheating and dishonestly inducing a delivery of property by the
fraudulent use of a credit card, contrary to s 420 of the Penal Code. In
addition, two other similar cheating charges under s 420 of the Penal Code, as
well as one other attempted cheating charge under s 420 read with s 511 of the
Penal Code, were taken into consideration for the purpose of sentencing. The
learned district judge (“trial judge”) sentenced the respondent to two months’
imprisonment for the cheating charge, and a consecutive sentence of two weeks’
imprisonment for the criminal misappropriation charge: see _PP v Payagala
Waduge Malitha Kumar Fernando_ [2006] SGDC 304 (“GD”). Dissatisfied with the
sentences, the Prosecution appealed. On hearing the appeal, I enhanced the
sentences for the cheating charge to six months’ imprisonment, and for the
criminal misappropriation charge to two months. Both sentences are to run
concurrently.

The facts

4 The respondent is a 20-year-old male Sri Lankan national currently residing
and working in New Zealand. On 17 November 2006, the respondent boarded an SIA
flight from New Zealand to Singapore where he was to take a further connecting
flight to Colombo. During the flight, the respondent found in the proximity of
his seat a credit card belonging to Ms Sanderson Weijde Kirsten Anna Maria
(“Ms Sanderson”), a fellow passenger sitting next to him. The respondent
decided to retain the credit card for his own use. Ms Sanderson only
discovered that her credit card was missing when she was in transit at
Singapore Changi International Airport (“Changi Airport”). She immediately
reported the loss to her bank.

5 Upon arrival at Changi Airport Terminal 2, the respondent promptly and in
great haste used the credit card to purchase the following items:

(a) A lap-top valued at $1,522 (this was the subject matter of the s 420 of
the Penal Code charge to which the respondent pleaded guilty);

(b) A watch valued at $469.81; and

(c) A hand phone valued at $1,288.

6 When the respondent attempted to purchase a fourth item – a bracelet valued
at $2,728.01 – he was informed by the cashier that the credit card facility
had been blocked. The respondent then immediately left the shop and quickly
made his way to the departure gate. There, he was identified and arrested. The
items that he had fraudulently purchased were seized.

Decision of the trial judge

**_Aggravating factors_**

7 The trial judge noted that the respondent’s misappropriation of the credit
card would have caused tremendous anxiety and inconvenience to Ms Sanderson, a
foreign traveller. He further observed that the credit card was used to make
several purchases and that the total value of these purchases was fairly
significant (GD at [14]-[16]).

**_Mitigating factors_**

8 The respondent had cooperated with the investigations, and had promptly
pleaded guilty, instead of chancing on the Prosecution’s ability to secure Ms
Sanderson’s attendance in Singapore as a witness against him. The trial judge
relied on this in concluding that the respondent was genuinely remorseful: see
GD at [19].

9 Further, the trial judge took into account the fact that the respondent was
both young and a first offender. He surmised that offences were out of
character and possibly a consequence of the respondent’s ‘youthful folly’
culminating in an error of judgment (GD at [20] and [21]).

10 The trial judge also considered it pertinent that all the fraudulent
purchases were made by the respondent within less than an hour and that all
the items were in any event recovered. In the learned judge’s view the
respondent did not derive any benefit from his offences and no loss was
occasioned to anyone: see GD at [23].

**_Other considerations_**

11 The trial judge distinguished the present case from the following types of
cases, in which heavy jail sentences are imposed as a matter of course (GD at
[22]):

(a) where a foreigner has come to Singapore for the _sole_ purpose of
committing offence;

(b) where the offender has _planned_ to _steal_ credit cards for fraudulent
use, or has made use of _forged_ credit cards;

(c) where the offender is part of a _sophisticated_ credit card _syndicate_ ;
or

(d) where the offender has committed credit card fraud on a _large scale_.

12 Lastly, the trial judge emphasised that while the principle of general
deterrence admittedly featured significantly in offences such as that
committed by the respondent, the notion of deterrence should nonetheless be
tempered by the notion of proportionality. In other words, sentences imposed
should reflect the severity of the offence committed as well as the moral and
legal culpability of the offender: see GD at [24] to [26].

The appeal against sentence

13 On appeal, the Deputy Public Prosecutor (“DPP”) submitted that the trial
judge erred both in law and in fact by _inter alia_ :

(a) Failing to accord sufficient weight to the nature of the offences
committed, which involved credit card fraud, and thereby failing to impose a
sentence that would deter similar opportunistic conduct in like-minded
offenders;

(b) Failing to accord sufficient weight to the manner in which the offences
were committed, and to the fact that there were three other charges to be
taken into consideration for the purpose of sentencing; and

(c) Attaching undue weight and significance to both the respondent’s plea of
guilt and his cooperation with the investigations, the respondent’s age, the
fact that the respondent was a first offender and evidence of the respondent’s
good character.

Preliminary observations

14 First, it should be noted that this appeal was heard on 12 January 2007,
_after_ the respondent had been released from prison on 8 January 2007, having
completed the sentence imposed by the trial judge. The enhanced sentences on
appeal have resulted in the respondent having to return to prison after his
release. This was by no account due to want of diligence on the part of the
Prosecution in prosecuting the appeal. Having said that, it is highly
desirable that the relevant Court Registries and counsel involved in criminal
cases pertaining to foreigners sentenced to short terms of imprisonment use
their best endeavours to ensure that the appeals are expedited: see also the
observations of Yong Pung How CJ in _PP v Siew Boon Ling_ [2005] SGHC 20 at
[29]. Indeed the written appeal submissions and possibly the trial judge’s
detailed grounds of decision may be dispensed with or alternatively replaced
by short skeletal submissions/grounds of decision. In cases such as this, time
is of the essence in ensuring that legitimate expectations about the
administration of justice are not unnecessarily undermined. Where the liberty
of an individual is at stake, certainty should always replace uncertainty as a
matter of urgency and priority. I single out foreigners because they may be
hard put to raise adequate security for bail in this regard. Similar
considerations should also apply to impecunious Singaporeans and permanent
residents.

15 Given the circumstances, I directed that the sentences be backdated to the
date of commencement of the sentence imposed by the trial judge, and that the
period when the accused was released (ie., 8 January 2007 to 12 January 2007)
not be added to the sentence.

**_Probation order unsuitable_**

16 Secondly, the respondent is 20 years old. In _PP v Mok Ping Wuen Maurice_
[1999] 1 SLR 138, Yong Pung How CJ stated that rehabilitation is the dominant
consideration where the offender is 21 years and below (at [21] and [25]).
However, the authorities suggest that probation is unsuitable for an offender
who is a foreign national not resident in Singapore: _Sentencing Practice in
the Subordinate Courts_ (2nd Ed, 2003) (“ _Sentencing_ ”) at page 39. This
proposition was explained in _Tan Choon Huat v PP_ [1991] SLR 805 by Rubin JC
at 811 in the following terms:

… having regard to the nature of the offence, the circumstances of the case
and the fact that the appellant is a _foreign national not resident in
Singapore, a probation order appears to be wholly inappropriate_.”

[emphasis added]

17 The logistical and administrative difficulties involved in the monitoring
and supervision of a non-resident render a probation order both inappropriate
and impracticable in the case of an offender. A key feature of probation is
rigorous supervision against the backdrop of a nurturing environment. I am
however loathe to _completely_ rule out the possibility of probation as a
sentencing option in the case of _all_ foreigners. For instance, a foreign
offender with some local roots in the form of relatives who are locally
resident may in appropriate circumstances constitute a suitable candidate for
a probation order. In this case, quite correctly, there was no attempt by
counsel for the respondent to suggest that a probation order would be
suitable. The respondent has no roots to anchor him here.

General sentencing principles for credit card offences under s 420 of the
Penal Code

18 Section 420 of the Penal Code (“s 420”) is a provision that embraces a wide
spectrum of cheating offences. It states:

Whoever cheats and thereby dishonestly induces the person deceived to deliver
any property to any person, or to make, alter or destroy the whole or any part
of a valuable security, or anything which is signed or sealed, and which is
capable of being converted into a valuable security, shall be punished with
imprisonment of a term which may extend to 7 years, and shall also be liable
to fine.

19 Simple cheating is punishable under s 417 of the Penal Code for a term that
may extend to one year or with a fine or with both. An offence contrary to s
420, which prescribes a maximum term of imprisonment of seven years and
liability to a fine, is sometimes described as aggravated cheating, an offence
of far greater culpability. The fraudulent use of credit cards has accounted
for some of the harsher sentencing precedents in the context of s 420
offences. In fact, credit card fraud is often regarded as a factor enhancing
the gravity of a cheating offence: see _Sentencing_ at pages 451-452. In _PP v
Mihaly Magashazie_ [2005] SGDC 35 (“ _Mihaly Magashazie_ ”) at [19], the
District Court observed that such offences have always been viewed with
severity because they involve deception of financial institutions and business
establishments, and while they are easy to commit, they are difficult to
detect. In a similar vein, Tay Yong Kwang J in _Lim Pei Ni Charissa v PP_
[2006] SGHC 128 (“ _Lim Pei Ni Charissa_ ”) recognised that the courts must
certainly treat cases of credit card fraud with disapprobation and censure;
that it is very much in the public interest for the courts to take a harsh
stand against credit card fraud in order to deter both the accused person and
like-minded potential offenders from committing such crimes in the future: at
[20] and [30].

20 Singapore’s standing as an international financial, commerce and transit
hub is premised upon its ability to ensure that financial transactions are
easily carried out and yet adequately safeguarded. The prevalence of credit
card offences will erode public confidence and could have a deleterious effect
on Singapore’s standing as a preferred destination for tourism, trade and
investment. To check the abuse of credit cards, a severe stance has to be
consistently adopted and applied against all credit card offenders, regardless
of whether they are citizens, residents or transient visitors. In the present
case, the respondent was a transit passenger in a Singapore airport. I stress
that deterrence should be of equal, if not greater, concern in such cases, as
short term visitors to Singapore should not be permitted to take advantage of
and abuse the hospitality accorded and commercial opportunities available to
them.

21 Credit card offences under s 420 can commonly be divided into two main
categories of cases: counterfeit cards (which also concurrently attracts the
attention of s 474 of the Penal Code) and/or syndicate cases; and use of
stolen/misappropriated credit card cases. Heavier sentences are appropriate
for the former cases as they involve deception that invariably assumes a
degree of sophistication and planning. This is illustrated in the decision of
_Ong Tiong Poh v PP_ [1998] 2 SLR 853 (“ _Ong Tiong Poh_ ”) at 862, where Yong
CJ enhanced the sentence to take into account the fact that the appellant
appeared to be part of a sophisticated syndicate, capable of committing
counterfeit credit card fraud on a large scale and was skilled at avoiding
detection. That the same sentencing factors do not invariably apply to
stolen/misappropriated credit card cases was highlighted in _PP v Poh Leong
Boon David Danille_ [2006] SGDC 104 (“ _Poh Leong Boon_ ”). Thus, due to the
aggravating factors present in the counterfeit cards and/or syndicate cases,
offenders in those cases would generally be treated more severely than
offenders in the stolen/misappropriated credit card cases. It should also be
pointed out that the penal policy embodied in s 474 of the Penal Code appears
to prescribe more severe sentencing for infractions involving counterfeiting.
While such a broad principle seems to be relatively well established, an
overview of the relevant case law pertaining to credit card offences indicates
that the latter does not consistently embody clear sentencing norms. Nor does
it coherently reflect the relevant sentencing principles.

The relevant case law for credit card offences

**_Counterfeit cards and/or syndicate cases_**

22 In _Ong Tiong Poh_ ([21 _supra_]), the prosecution proceeded on ten charges
against the appellant – two charges of cheating and eight of abetment of
cheating by the use of counterfeit credit cards. The prosecution’s evidence
was that the appellant helped to run a counterfeit credit card syndicate. The
District Court convicted the appellant on all the charges, and sentenced him
to _eight months’_ imprisonment for each of his cheating charges, and _14_
_months’_ imprisonment for each of his abetment charges. Three of the
sentences for the abetment charges were ordered to run consecutively with each
other and concurrently with the other seven sentences, making a total of 42
months’ imprisonment. The district judge detected no remorse in the appellant
but noted that he was only 21 years old. He also took into consideration the
sentences ranging between two to three years imposed on the appellant’s
accomplices. On appeal, Yong CJ was of the view that the sentences imposed on
the accomplices did not constitute _per se_ a valid reason for the relatively
light sentence imposed on the appellant by the district judge. Yong CJ
emphasised that the accomplices had pleaded guilty, and that the appellant had
played a more important role in the credit card operation than his
accomplices. Thus the sentences imposed by the district judge did not properly
reflect the seriousness of the appellant’s offences and were to that extent
manifestly inadequate. The appellant’s sentences for the two cheating charges
were therefore _enhanced_ to _12_ _months’ imprisonment_ for each charge, and
the sentences for the eight abetment charges were enhanced to _20_ _months’
imprisonment_ for each charge. The total cumulative sentence was 60 months’
imprisonment.

23 The appellant in _Than Stenly Granida Purwanto v PP_ [2003] 3 SLR 576 (“
_Purwanto_ ”) pleaded guilty to a charge of conspiracy to possess forged
credit cards with intent to use them as genuine, and five charges of
conspiring to cheat using counterfeit credit cards, with another 16 similar
charges taken into consideration. He was sentenced to a _total of six and a
half years’_ imprisonment by the trial judge, and this sentence was _upheld_
by the High Court on appeal. In view of the potential injury that such
offences may cause to Singapore’s credibility as a reputable financial centre,
Yong CJ opined that the district judge had properly exercised his discretion
in imposing a deterrent sentence. The aggravating factors in this case
included the involvement of an international criminal syndicate; the
appellant’s active role in the commission of the offence, even if he was not
actually the mastermind; and the substantial loss that the offences entailed
($14,630.46 including the charges taken into consideration). Further, the
appellant’s plea of guilt had little weight because the appellant was
literally caught red-handed with the forged credit cards upon his arrest in
the very midst of attempting another fraudulent card transaction. The fact
that the appellant had not obtained any benefit from the commission of yet
another offence as a result of his arrest did not warrant a reduction in
sentence.

24 In another syndicate case, _Navaseelan Balasingam v PP_ [2006] SGHC 228 (“
_Navaseelan Balasingam_ ”), counterfeit ATM cards were used to withdraw cash
from ATMs. On appeal, Tay Yong Kwang J _revised the total sentence of five and
a half years’ imprisonment to seven and a half years_. The policy
considerations for such cases are by and large quite similar to offences
involving the fraudulent use of credit cards, and the district judge in this
case had considered sentencing precedents for the closely related offence of
credit card frauds in arriving at the appropriate sentence. He noted that
where a _first offender_ is involved in a large scale credit card fraud
involving a _genuine_ credit card, the High Court had imposed or affirmed
substantial custodial sentences of between 14 to 18 months. He relied on the
decisions in _Fadilah bte Omar v PP_ (Magistrate’s Appeal No 168 of 1996,
unreported) (“ _Fadilah bte Omar_ ”) and _PP v Rohaazman bin Ali & 2 ors_
(Magistrate’s Appeal Nos 286-288 of 2001) (“ _Rohaazman bin Ali_ ”) to support
his view. In the case of _counterfeit_ credit card fraud, the district judge
in _Navaseelan Balasingam_ had relied on _Ong Tiong Poh_ ([19] and [20]
_supra_), _PP v Edward Lekwachi Cox_ (Magistrate’s Appeal No 464 of 1993,
unreported) (“ _Edward Lekwachi Cox_ ”) and _Vasudevan A/L Thandavan v PP_
(“Magistrate’s Appeal No 77 of 1996, unreported) (“ _Vasudevan A/L Thandavan_
”) in concluding that the High Court has imposed or affirmed sentences ranging
from 20 to 30 months for _first offenders_.

25 In _Edward Lekwachi Cox_ , the accused had pleaded guilty to three charges
of engaging with another to conspire to cheat by dishonestly presenting
counterfeit credit cards. The accused had no antecedents. He was sentenced on
each charge to _12_ _months’_ imprisonment, which was _enhanced to two years’_
imprisonment on each charge on appeal. In _Vasudevan A/L Thandavan_ , the
appellant had pleaded guilty to four charges of conspiracy to cheat using a
counterfeit credit card (s 420 read with s 109 of the Penal Code), with
eighteen similar charges taken into consideration. The total value of the
purchases amounted to $13,231.10 and the High Court imposed a sentence of _two
years and six months_ on each of the charges on appeal. The cumulative
sentence was a term of imprisonment of 60 months.

**_Use of stolen or misappropriated credit card cases_**

26 _Rohaazman bin Ali_ ([24] _supra_) involved postal officers who had stolen
42 credit cards which they intercepted in the course of carrying out their
mail sorting duties with Singapore Post. Purchases amounting to $81,142.39
were made with the credit cards. The prosecution proceeded with seven counts
of cheating and four counts of theft against two of the accused persons,
Rohaazman and Jamaludin, with another 219 charges taken into consideration.
The trial judge found that Rohaazman was clearly the mastermind in the
operation and considered the massive number of charges (230), the number of
credit cards involved (42), and the length of the time the scam went
undetected (20 months), critical factors. The total value of the fraudulent
transactions was also taken into account. However, the trial judge was mindful
of the fact that the scam was unsophisticated and their modus operandi both
simple and apparently consistent. He was therefore persuaded that it was
inappropriate to equate Rohaazman’s and Jamaludin’s culpability with that
demonstrated by offenders typically involved in syndicated counterfeit credit
card operations. Rohaazman and Jamaludin were sentenced by the District Court
to _nine months’_ and _six months’_ imprisonment respectively for each of the
charges. In the aggregate, Rohaazman was sentenced to a total of 24 months’
imprisonment, while Jamaludin was to serve a total of 18 months. The
prosecution’s appeal was allowed, and the terms of imprisonment for each
charge for Rohaazman and Jamaludin were _enhanced_ to _two years’_
imprisonment and _18_ _months’_ imprisonment respectively, with Rohaazman
receiving a total of five and a half years’ imprisonment and Jamaludin
receiving five years’ imprisonment.

27 In _Fadilah bte Omar_ ([24] _supra_), the 16-year-old accused pleaded
guilty to, _inter alia_ , three counts of cheating under s 420. 11 other
charges were taken into consideration for the purposes of sentencing. The
accused had committed a relatively unsophisticated offence by misappropriating
and using a credit card she found in a public toilet. She subsequently
surrendered herself to the authorities and pleaded guilty to the charges. The
total value of all the charges (including those taken into consideration) was
$1,325.62. The District Court sentenced her to _12_ _months’ imprisonment_ for
each of the cheating charges, ordering that the sentences run concurrently.
This sentence was _upheld_ on appeal.

28 _One year’s imprisonment_ was imposed in respect of each of the three s 420
charges preferred against _Mihaly Magashazie_ ([19] _supra_), with two of the
sentences of imprisonment running consecutively. The appeal against sentence
by the accused was dismissed. In that case, there was a plea of guilt, but the
district judge had attached little weight to it as he considered that the
accused had no choice but to plead guilty and cooperate in the circumstances
of arrest; the accused had been arrested outside a jewellery shop after making
a fraudulent purchase with one of the stolen credit cards. The fact that the
respondent did not derive any benefit and no loss was occasioned to anyone was
dismissed as ‘purely fortuitous’, as the accused was arrested with the fruits
of his crime which were duly seized (_Mihaly Magashazie_ at [13]). The fact
that the accused had broken into secured lockers three times to steal the
credit cards, and had adopted stealthy tactics to delay detection of his
misdeeds weighed heavily on the district judge’s mind in this case. The
district judge contrasted the facts with a case in which the accused was a
‘mere opportunist who – after chancing upon unattended wallets left in public
places – was momentarily tempted by greed to steal the credit cards and use
[sic] them’ (_Mihaly Magashazie_ at [16]). He then went on to state that any
act committed after deliberation and with premeditation, as opposed to an act
committed on the spur of the moment and ‘in hot blood’ is an aggravating
circumstance. Finally, the accused had used the stolen credit cards to make
numerous fraudulent purchases, altogether committing nine counts of cheating
and five counts of attempted cheating with the stolen credit cards; the total
fraudulent purchases amounted to a total of $23,105. The district judge felt
that the large number of offences committed had justified the imposition of
longer custodial sentences.

29 In _Poh Leong Boon_ ([21] _supra_), the 27-year-old accused pleaded guilty
to, _inter alia_ , seven counts of cheating under s 420. 27 other similar
charges were taken into consideration. The District Court sentenced the
accused to _six months’_ imprisonment for one of the cheating charges and
_three months’_ imprisonment for each of the remaining six cheating charges.
The sentences for the first cheating charge and two of the remaining six
cheating charges were ordered to run consecutively, making up a total of 12
months’ imprisonment for the s 420 charges. The first cheating charge involved
the most valuable item fraudulently purchased – a gold chain valued at
$7,103.62 – which was $2,000 more than any of the other items fraudulently
procured. The total value of the items (including those in the charges taken
into consideration) was $36,504.57. The district judge distinguished _Mihaly
Magashazie_. The accused in _Mihaly Magashazie_ was said to have committed a
string of offences targeting hotels and foreign nationals which ‘struck at the
heart of Singapore’s tourism industry’ (_Poh Leong Boon_ at [21]). The
district judge concluded that the offences in this case, where the accused had
stolen credit cards from his neighbours’ letterboxes, were in contrast
relatively unsophisticated; his grounds of decision suggested that this
warranted a lower sentence. No appeal against sentence from the prosecution
ensued. In my view the sentences meted out by the district judge were clearly
inadequate and did not appropriately reflect the culpability of that accused.

30 The 22-year-old accused in _Glynis Wong Dwe May v PP_ (Magistrate’s Appeal
No 7/99/01) had pleaded guilty to three counts of cheating under s 420 for
using a stolen credit card in her purchase of goods, with three other counts
taken into consideration. The offence was not premeditated and involved the
accused removing, in a moment of indiscretion, her colleague’s credit card
which had been left lying in a wallet in an open drawer. The total value of
the fraudulent purchases (including those taken into consideration) amounted
to $4,735.45. The District Court noted that the accused was a first offender
and had expressed real remorse. _Seven months’ imprisonment_ was imposed on
each of the three cheating charges, with two of the sentences to run
consecutively. This sentence was _upheld_ on appeal.

31 Lastly, in _Lim Pei Ni Charissa_ ([19] _supra_), the 20-year-old accused
had claimed trial and was convicted on seven charges under s 420 read with s
109 of the Penal Code, for the abetment of cheating offences relating to the
use of stolen credit cards. On appeal, Tay Yong Kwang J ordered _probation_
for her. He considered _Fadilah bte Omar_ ([24] and [27] _supra_), and
distinguished that case. Tay J was of the view that although the amount
involved in _Fadilah bte Omar_ was much smaller than in this case, the
misappropriation and the fraudulent use in the former had both been carried
out by the offender; Fadilah’s culpability was therefore correspondingly
greater (_Lim Pei Ni Charissa_ at [20]).

Sentencing patterns discernible from case law

**_The decision in Lim Pei Ni Charissa to be confined to its exceptional
facts_**

32 The last case discussed above appears at first blush to be anomalous in its
departure from the deterrent custodial sentences imposed on credit card
offences in the other relevant cases. The District Court in _Lim Pei Ni
Charissa_ had imposed a total sentence of 33 months’ imprisonment on the
accused, as the district judge felt that the accused person’s punishment
should reflect sufficient disapprobation of her acts and deter similarly-
minded persons in future. He also wanted to convey the message that the courts
did not condone the theft of credit cards and their subsequent use.

33 However, Tay Yong Kwang J had allowed the appellant’s appeal on sentence.
With respect to the probation order, he stated that the guiding principle is
the likely responsiveness of the young offender to rehabilitation, and that
the court must apply its mind to the facts of each case and, in particular,
the probation report (_Lim Pei Ni Charissa_ at [17]). The comprehensive and
detailed probation report in that case _strongly recommended_ a probation
order for the appellant.

34 According to the probation report, the appellant had established a stable
relationship with her current boyfriend and she had just given birth to a
three-month-old daughter. Since the birth of her daughter, the appellant had
been accepted by the University of Western Australia to pursue a degree course
and was also enrolled in a one-year diploma course in law at the Singapore
Institute of Commerce. The probation report also indicated that since the
birth of her child, the appellant had unequivocally left behind her previous
wayward life and had now turned over a new leaf. The probation officer was
convinced that the appellant would respond positively to supervision.

35 The probation report proposed the maximum term of probation coupled with an
intensive individualised case management plan, which included a prison visit,
psychological counselling and a parenting programme. Tay J was persuaded that
the probation programme envisaged for the appellant was carefully-crafted,
taking into account the appellant’s circumstances and needs; it was correctly
premised and contingent upon the reliable network of family support that the
appellant could avail herself to. He was also clearly moved by the fact that
although prison regulations permit the appellant to be with her infant while
she served a custodial sentence, it was eminently more desirable that the
appellant’s baby be brought up in a positive familial environment, rather than
in prison (at [29]).

36 Quite apart from the probation report, Tay J noted that the appellant was
neither the principal offender nor the instigator of the theft of the credit
cards (at [19]). Nor was the nature of the operations symptomatic of a
syndicate engaged in large-scale credit card fraud. In light of these factors,
Tay J was of the view that a happy medium between public interest and the
interest of the offender would not be compromised by the imposition of a
probation order.

37 In the result, Tay J was prompted by the _exceptional_ circumstances of
this case to grant probation to the appellant. His decision was precipitated
by a _unique_ confluence of factors, including the appellant’s age at the time
of the offences, her role in the offences, her subsequent acknowledgment of
her misdemeanours, her family support, her newborn baby and her receptiveness
to the terms of her intensive individualised probation plan (at [30]). Tay J
concluded at [30]:

In the final analysis, I was persuaded by the _exceptional_ _circumstances_ of
this case to grant probation to a young woman who had exhibited maturity since
the commission of her offences and deserved a chance to right the wrongs she
had committed against society.

[emphasis added]

As a sentencing precedent that case should be confined to its very exceptional
circumstances and unique factual matrix; it should not by any account be
viewed as portending or signalling a departure from the severe sentencing
precedents for credit card offences.

**_Fraudulent use of credit cards - relevant sentencing considerations_**

38 I set out below various relevant factors to be taken into account in the
sentencing of credit card offences. However, these factors are by no means
exhaustive, and needless to say every case must ultimately be considered on
the basis of its own factual matrix.

_Planning and premeditation_

39 As discussed in [21], syndicated credit card offences would almost
invariably attract more severe sentencing than non-syndicated offences. This
stems from the trite law that a deterrent sentence should be _de rigueur_
where an offence is committed with premeditation and planning: _Ooi Joo Keong
v PP_ [1997] 2 SLR 68; this is particularly so when an offender has colluded
with the activities of an organised criminal syndicate: _Ong Tiong Poh_ ([21]
_supra_); _Purwanto_ ([23] _supra_).

40 The rationale for this approach is summarised with admirable clarity and
succinctness by Professor Andrew Ashworth in _Sentencing and Criminal Justice_
(Butterworths, 3rd Ed) at page 136:

A person who plans or organises a crime is generally more culpable, because
the offence is premeditated and the offender is therefore more fully confirmed
in his anti-social motivation than someone who acts on impulse… . Planned
lawbreaking constitutes a great threat to society, since it betokens a
considered attack on social values, with greater commitment and perhaps
continuity than a spontaneous crime.

41 I should add that the principle that planned and premeditated offences are
more alarming, insidious and malignant, thus warranting more serious treatment
applies with equal force to non-syndicated offences. Indeed, in _Mihaly
Magashazie_ (at [26]), the accused person quite correctly was found to have
planned his offence, instead of having committed it on the spur of the moment
and in “hot blood”. This was deemed to be an aggravating factor for the
purposes of sentencing. The accused in that case was clearly preying on
victims and appeared to be a recalcitrant offender.

_Sophistication of offences and measures taken to defy detection_

42 Inextricably linked to the idea of premeditation and organised crime is the
level of sophistication that characterises an offence. A sophisticated offence
replete with carefully orchestrated efforts and steps to avoid detection is an
aggravating factor in sentencing. This is illustrated in _Ong Tiong Poh_ ([21]
_supra_), where Yong CJ adverted to the sophistication of the offence and the
syndicate’s adeptness at avoiding detection as relevant factors when enhancing
the sentence. Conversely, where an offence was relatively unsophisticated, and
minimal precautions are taken to avoid detection, a comparatively lower
sentence would generally be imposed: _Poh Leong Boon_ ([21] _supra_). In _Lim
Pei Ni Charissa_ ([19] _supra_), the fact that the offences were committed by
extracting credit cards from mailboxes with a pair of chopsticks (as opposed
to a more sophisticated modus operandi) constituted yet another dimension in
the exceptional circumstances within which Tay Yong Kwang J felt he should
impose a probation order. I would add this further observation: often, the
more sophisticated crimes cause greater consternation and raise the ante for
better protective measures to prevent a recurrence of similar offences. This
results not only in substantial costs being incurred by potential
institutional victims but also much inconvenience and perhaps even loss of
reputation. Financial institutions, particularly in counterfeit cases, have
also to face the wrath of card holders who are inconvenienced and embarrassed.

43 The length of time a particular scam or offence has gone undetected would
be yet another relevant consideration in sentencing. In _Rohaazman bin Ali_
([24] _supra_), the fact that the scam went undetected for 20 months was a
consideration the trial judge felt he could not overlook. This was the case
even though he found that the scam was unsophisticated and the modus operandi
simple. The relevance of this is as a sentencing consideration may also be
tied to the recalcitrance of the offender. In the case of a hardened offender,
he would have repeatedly committed a pattern of offences without any sign or
acknowledgment of contrition or remorse. The longer the period of time over
which the offences have been committed, the more irrefutable it is that the
offender manifests the qualities of a habitual offender. Specific deterrence
is incontrovertibly an important sentencing consideration in such cases.

_Role of the accused_

44 The severity of the sentence imposed should reflect the role played by the
accused in the credit card offence. This principle features prominently in
cases involving syndicates. In _Purwanto_ ([23] _supra_), the appellant’s
active role in the commission of the offences was construed as an aggravating
factor. Although the appellant in that case was not the mastermind, the
appellate court was of the view that his participation was hardly minor, nor
accidental, and that his culpability surpassed that of his accomplices. The
court found it significant that the appellant had a sizeable stake in the
outcome of the scam.

45 Even in non-syndicate cases, the role of the accused person is a relevant
sentencing consideration. In _Rohaazman_ _bin Ali_ ([24] _supra_), it was
noted that Rohaazman was clearly the mastermind and that his co-accused,
Jamaludin, had a lesser role. This consideration resulted in the imposition of
a higher sentence on Rohaazman. In _Lim Pei Ni Charissa_ ([19] s _upra_), the
fact that the appellant was neither the principal offender nor the instigator
of the offences was also deemed to be a relevant consideration.

_Number of offences and quantum involved_

46 As both a matter of commonsense and general principle, it can be said that
the larger the number of offences committed the longer the custodial sentence.
The application of this principle in credit card offences is amply illustrated
by _Mihaly Magashazie_ ([19] _supra_) where the court concluded that the
numerous fraudulent purchases made by the accused justified the imposition of
longer custodial sentences. The massive number of charges in _Rohaazman bin
Ali_ ([24] _supra_) also proved to be a relevant consideration for the court
in sentencing.

47 With respect to quantum, it can also be generally surmised that the higher
the quantum, the heftier the sentence (see Lee Teck Leng in “Sentencing in
Cheating Offences”, _Law Gazette_ , August 2000(4) (“ _Law Gazette Article_
”)). That the sentencing tariffs for cheating offences under s 420 are based
on the quantum in each charge is well illustrated in the _Law Gazette
Article_. In my view, this applies across the board to all s 420 cheating
offences, _including_ credit card offences.

48 The nexus between the number of offences and quantum involved was also
discussed in the _Law Gazette Article_. Lee Teck Leng observes:

… the total sentence imposed on an offender convicted of multiple charges
would still bear some semblance to the sentence that may be passed in a case
where an offender is convicted of a single cheating offence involving the same
sum of money. This is due to the fact that from the victim’s view point, the
sentences to be imposed should not, logically speaking, depend greatly on
whether the victim was cheated a hundred times amounting to a total of
$250,000 or cheated once to the tune of $250,000. Having said that, it is also
quite clear that an offender who has cheated a victim of small amounts a
hundred times over is a serial offender and he would rightly be regarded as
being more culpable than an offender who cheated only once, albeit of a large
sum. _Amalgamating both perspectives, it would appear that the total sentence
imposed on the serial cheat would probably be**slightly higher** than the
sentence imposed on an offender convicted of a single cheating offence, if the
total quantum is identical in both instances._

[emphasis added]

To this I would add that sentences meted out in serial cheating cases should
not be only ‘slightly higher’ as compared to that assigned to a single
offender for the same quantum. The sentence could in the appropriate
circumstances be _significantly_ higher. _A serial offender would be hard put
to credibly submit that his conduct was the result of a momentary
indiscretion_.

_Actual loss and damage_

49 Quite apart from the quantum involved in cheating offences (as discussed
above) is the notion of the extent of loss or damage _actually_ suffered as a
result of the offences. In _Khoo Ban Hock v PP_ [1988] 3 MLJ 22, it was held
that as there was no evidence of loss to the public, leniency should be
accorded to the appellant. Similarly, in _Hoo Chee Keong v PP (No.2)_ [2000] 5
MLJ 448, the court in assessing the appropriate sentence, briefly alluded to
the fact that the evidence adduced failed to reveal that the accused had
caused heavy financial loss to anyone by the use or intended use of forged
credit cards. The English Court of Appeal in _R v Lennon (Jeffrey)_ [1996] CLY
2087 noted that the fact that the fraudulent scheme was frustrated and that no
loss occurred should be a mitigating consideration. In _R v Harjit Singh
Samra_ (1992) 13 Cr App R (S) 168 the Court of Appeal construed the lack of
evidence that loss had been suffered as a result of the frauds committed by
the accused, as having constituted at least limited mitigation. In my view,
the fact that no or minimal loss has occurred because the offender has been
apprehended or because the items or proceeds of crime are subsequently
recovered is a _relevant but not decisive factor_ in assessing the appropriate
sentence. The cogency of such a consideration will have to be evaluated in its
proper matrix. Almost invariably in every case of commercial fraud, it cannot
be gainsaid that a serious offence has indeed been committed. That the loss
has been minimised because of external intervention is purely fortuitous.
Apart from the actual amount involved in a credit card fraud, it should also
be emphasised that a chain of parties is inevitably involved in every
transaction. Damage or loss may sometimes be intangible when it assumes the
form of inconvenience, embarrassment, loss of reputation, time and costs
expended in investigations as well as time, research, effort and costs
involved in enhancing security measures. Every credit card fraud, regardless
of whether the money or items are eventually recovered would cause
inconvenience and some form of intangible damage to either the card holder or
an involved financial institution. General and specific deterrence must
therefore feature as the vital if not dominant sentencing considerations for
such offences. Indeed, in _PP v Ng Tai Tee Janet_ [2001] 1 SLR 343, Yong CJ
was also of the view at [28] that when considerations of public interests were
implicated, the fact that no actual harm or loss was suffered by any party was
of less relevance.

50 However, if an accused of his own volition and out of contriteness returns
the items or benefits procured before his personal involvement is noted or
detected, this should have a material bearing on the sentence imposed. It
could be persuasively argued that this constitutes proper acknowledgment of
guilt since it is manifested by genuine remorse. That said, restitution of any
kind is also usually a relevant sentencing consideration. This may be
illustrated by another English Court of Appeal’s decision, _R v Harivadan
Patel_ (1986) 8 Cr App R (S) 67. Webster J in that case rejected the
appellant’s argument that the victim from whom the appellant had stolen money
had taken proceedings to recover that money and therefore would probably be
able to recover his loss. He added, if on the other hand, the thief before
being sentenced has realised his assets and has attempted to repay, or has
repaid, the loss or a substantial part of it that constitutes potential
mitigation. Similarly, in the Australian case of _The Queen & ors v Debra Jane
Mitchell & Anor_ [1998] WASCA 299, the Supreme Court of Western Australia
concluded that a loss to the victim, would be a factor rendering the offence
more serious; the fact that the loss has been made good is, however, a
mitigating factor. Local authorities have also proposed that making
restitution may provide some evidence of remorse, genuine good character or
reformation, thereby carrying some mitigating value: see for example,
_Krishnan Chand v PP_ [1995] 2 SLR 291; _Tan Sai Tiang v PP_ [2000] 1 SLR 439.
At this juncture, it must be reiterated that attaching mitigating value to
efforts at restitution is largely premised on the assumption that voluntary
restitution reflects true remorse. In instances where in spite of monetary
restitution, the accused has shown no remorse, such restitution would be of
little mitigating value: see _Ng Kwee Seng v PP_ [1997] 3 SLR 205 at 209,
[15], where the court wryly observed that the appellant in attempting to
castigate the credibility of the prosecution witnesses had showed no remorse
whatsoever despite having made monetary restitution.

_Plea of guilt_

51 Generally, a timeous plea of guilt is a mitigating factor: _Xia Qin Lai v
PP_ [1999] 4 SLR 343; _Angliss Singapore Pte Ltd v PP_ [2006] 4 SLR 653. This
principle has been applied to credit card offences, as amply illustrated in
the decision in _Rohaazman bin Ali_ ([24] and [26] _supra_); the district
judge noted that the accused persons pleaded guilty unreservedly at virtually
the earliest possible opportunity, thereby demonstrating at least some basic
decency and remorse. However, the weight to be attached to a plea of guilt
must depend on the facts of each case.

52 In _Wong Kai Chuen Phillip v PP_ [1990] SLR 1011 (“ _Wong Kai Chuen_ ”),
one of the leading local authorities on this issue, Chan Sek Keong J (as he
then was) had commented at page 1014, [14]:

… I do not dissent from the principle applied by the senior district judge
that the voluntary surrender by an offender and a plea of guilty by him in
court are factors that can be taken into account in mitigation as they may be
evidence of remorse and a willingness to accept punishment for his wrongdoing.
_However, I think that their relevance and the weight to be placed on them
must depend on the circumstances of each case._ I do not see any mitigation
value in a robber surrendering to the police after he is surrounded and has no
means of escape, or much mitigation value in a professional man turning
himself in in the face of absolute knowledge that the game is up.

[emphasis added]

53 In a similar vein, Kow Keng Siong DJ in _Mihaly Magashazie_ ([19] _supra_)
correctly attached little weight to the accused person’s guilty plea. He was
of the view that the accused, having been arrested outside a jewellery shop
and having just made a fraudulent purchase with a stolen credit card, had no
choice but to plead guilty and cooperate with the authorities. Similarly, in
_Purwanto_ ([23] _supra_), the discount for the plea of guilt was minimal as
the appellant was caught red-handed with the forged credit cards upon his
arrest, whilst attempting another fraudulent card transaction.

54 _Wong Kai Chuen_ ([52] _supra_) should not however be construed as
signalling that a plea of guilt can _never_ be of mitigating value, when
conviction is inevitable. In _Angliss Singapore Pte Ltd v PP_ [2006] 4 SLR
653, I endorsed a remorse-based approach to a plea of guilt. I was of the view
that the exceptions to the practice of reducing sentences for guilty pleas,
for instance where the evidence against the offender was truly overwhelming,
or where the offender was caught red-handed, simply represent and reflect
judicial and common experience. They are no more than helpful analytical and
evidential presumptions to assist a court in assessing whether the offender’s
guilty plea is activated by sincere remorse: at [69]. I have adopted a similar
view in the present case and note that this remorse-based approach was
actually adopted in _Lim Pei Ni Charissa_ ([19] _supra_). In that case, Tay J
recognised that the appellant had chosen to claim trial rather than plead
guilty. Nonetheless, the appellant’s subsequent acknowledgment of her wrongs
was indicative of her remorse and could be taken into account. Tay J based
that finding on the probation report which stated that the appellant had since
taken responsibility for her actions.

The larger picture: A broad overview of the entire spectrum of credit card
frauds

55 Thus far, credit card offences have been discussed according to their
classifications into two broad categories: counterfeit cards and/or syndicate
offences and stolen/misappropriated cards offences. Such a dichotomy is
virtually inevitable as these two genres of credit card fraud not only seem to
feature most prominently in local case law, the culpability that each category
of offenders attracts might also be compared and contrasted accordingly.
However, it would be appropriate to point out that in point of fact, an entire
gamut of potential credit card frauds exists with varying levels of
seriousness. That said, the sentencing considerations just discussed above
continue to be relevant across the board. In fact, it is the commonsense
application of consistent sentencing considerations to the different types of
credit card frauds that yields differing degrees of sentencing severity in
each case. In ascending levels of seriousness (and attracting correspondingly
ascending levels of sentencing severity), the principal types of credit card
frauds may be categorised in more depth and detail as follows. This list is by
no means comprehensive or exhaustive in scope and cannot be presumed to cover
every conceivable credit card fraud/scheme that may be concocted by inventive
criminal minds:

(a) _Lost and stolen cards_ : This corresponds to the stolen/misappropriated
cards category as adverted to in our previous, more simplistic dichotomy.
Misappropriated use of such cards would come to the owner’s attention fairly
quickly and these offences generally require minimal criminal expertise; they
are therefore the most commonly committed type of credit card frauds.

(b) _Intercept fraud_ : This is a related category to that of lost and stolen
cards. Postal intercept fraud occurs when a card is stolen from the postal
service before it reaches its owner. The theft of such cards depends on
individuals who work for the postal service, and involves a breach of trust by
these individuals.

(c) _Application fraud (financial fraud)_ : This occurs when an individual
applies for a credit card, but gives false details about himself or herself.
The most common scenario is where an individual exaggerates his or her income.
This may prove relatively difficult to detect. Financial institutions try to
safeguard themselves from this sort of fraud both by requiring documentary
support of a card applicant’s financial claims, and by carrying out credit
checks on an applicant’s financial status and current address. By and large,
this sort of fraud neither requires nor involves any real sophistication.

(d) _Application fraud (assumed identity)_ : This is a long-standing mode of
credit card fraud. A criminal assumes another person’s identity, solely for
the purpose of receiving another individual’s credit card. The carrying out of
such offences requires more planning and pre-meditation than the other type of
application fraud (financial fraud) discussed in (c) above; to that extent it
ought to be viewed as a more serious offence.

(e) _Fake cards_ : Fake cards are cards created completely from scratch and
they require substantial effort and skill to produce. Banks have found ways to
safeguard themselves against this method of credit card fraud by instilling
features in the credit card, such as holograms. The modern credit card is
therefore even more difficult to create completely from scratch. Indeed,
hologrammed cards account for the increased costs that banks and financial
institutions, and consequently credit card holders suffer as a result of
credit card frauds. But just as credit cards have evolved in sophistication,
credit card fraudsters have correspondingly become more ingenious. Modern
technology has been deployed to improve and refine methods of credit card
frauds, resulting in a plethora of more complex schemes for the fraudulent use
of credit cards (discussed below from (f) to (i)).

(f) _Skimming_ : This occurs where the data contained in the magnetic stripe
on a credit card is copied on to the stripe of another card. Skimming is very
difficult, if not entirely impossible to trace. Even the modern and apparently
more secure smart chip credit cards can now have their data copied with the
appropriate technology. Special devices are required for skimming and
elaborate planning and premeditation are invariably involved. As is evident,
skimming is a sophisticated mode of procuring counterfeit card information,
and is extremely difficult to detect.

(g) _Site cloning and false merchant sites_ : In this type of fraud, the
Internet provides the details required by fraudsters to commit credit card
frauds. Site cloning occurs when fraudsters clone websites or webpages from
which online transactions are made. These cloned sites are identical to the
real ones and the unsuspecting customers would fill in their details,
including their names, addresses and full credit card details, which would
then be collected by the credit card fraudsters. False merchant sites often
offer the customer an extremely cheap service, with the requirement that
customers must enter their full credit card details, names and addresses in
order to access the content of the site. These sites are set up to accumulate
as many credit card numbers as possible, so that the numbers may be used, or
sold to smaller fraudsters. Such offences are very sophisticated,
premeditated, and usually operate on a large scale. Detection is once again
very difficult.

(h) _Triangulation_ : This is similar to site cloning and false merchant
sites. The fraudster operates from a website, where goods are offered at
heavily discounted rates and shipped before payment. The customer must furnish
his or her name, address and valid credit card details to purchase the goods.
The fraudsters then order the goods from a legitimate site using another set
of stolen credit card details and with the customer’s name and address. The
customer’s own credit card details are in turn used to purchase other goods.
This process is designed to avoid early detection by creating a great deal of
preliminary confusion for the authorities. The authorities track down the
customers of the site whose names were used to purchase goods with stolen
credit card details, but substantially more time is required to track down the
fraudsters operating the website. The sites are usually closed down within a
few weeks, and new fraudulent sites subsequently opened. Authorities therefore
often have little or no chance to apprehend the operators of the networks. The
inherently high level of sophistication involved in such a method of credit
card fraud, and the very deliberate avoidance of detection contribute to the
gravity of such offences.

(i) _Credit card generating_ : This method of credit card fraud manifests by
far the highest degree of sophistication among all the credit card frauds
identified so far. Computer programs are used to generate valid credit card
numbers and expiry dates by generating lists of credit card account numbers
from a single account number. These generators could entail grave
repercussions and send the levels of credit card fraud soaring on a global
sale.

(_Per_ http://www.ex.ac.uk/~watupman/undergrad/owsylves/index.html (accessed
on 1 February 2007))

56 This brief outline and overview provides a flavour of the many guises of
credit card fraud that have now surfaced to plague both financial institutions
and their customers. By and large, with the exception of simple theft, most
forms of credit card fraud require considerable planning, actual knowledge of
how electronic credit cards operate and a comprehensive understanding of how
to circumvent existing safeguards. However, for the purposes of the present
grounds of decision, the clearer, albeit more simplistic dichotomy of credit
card offences will suffice to illustrate the appropriate treatment of such
offences. For the purposes of assessment of sentence, however, the court
should bear in mind the context of the whole multifaceted sphere of credit
card fraud, as outlined and discussed, should always be adjusted with
reference to the level of planning and sophistication involved and the
consequences flowing from each crime.

Approach and range of sentences for credit card cheating offences in some
foreign jurisdictions

57 Purely for the purposes of a comparative study of sentencing
considerations, I now turn to look briefly at the sentencing precedents for
similar offences in Hong Kong and United Kingdom.

**_Hong Kong_**

58 Credit card cheating offences are treated severely in Hong Kong, given its
apparent prevalence in that jurisdiction. This is evident from the
observations of Macdougall JA in _R v Wong Fu-keung_ Criminal Appeal No 5 of
1991 (unreported) at page 5:

It is a notorious fact that the illegal use of credit cards has become
widespread. Those who are engaged in this type of activity can expect to be
dealt with severely by the courts.

59 The _raison d’etre_ for such a tough stance was furnished by Liton JA in _R
v Kwai Ying-ho_ Criminal Appeal No 527 of 1992 (unreported) at page 5:

Credit card frauds have in recent years been an insidious poison in the
community. It affects a large number of citizens. It erodes the credit card
system and damages Hong Kong’s standing in the international community.

Whilst those words specifically applied to charges of conspiracy in that case,
they were adopted by the court in _Attorney-General v Chan Piu-sang and
Another_ [1994] 1 HKCLR 211 (“ _Chan Piu-sang_ ”) in relation to credit card
frauds in general.

60 It would appear that Hong Kong courts view offences concerning _forged_
credit cards as more serious than those concerning _stolen_ credit cards.
Stolen card offences are likely to come more quickly to the attention of the
credit card company so that retailers can in turn be expeditiously alerted.
The period of time within which stolen cards can be successfully employed is
therefore usually limited. On the other hand, the employment of a forged card
is in the normal course of events not likely to surface until the true card
holder receives a statement of account which he then observes to be incorrect
(see _The Queen v Chan Sik Kwan_ Magistracy Criminal Appeal No 1284 of 1989).

61 In so far as _forged_ credit cards are in issue, it suffices to note that
the Court of Appeal in _R v Chan Siu To and Another_ [1996] HKCA 385 (“ _Chan
Siu To_ ”) imposed two years’ imprisonment on each charge of obtaining
property by deception, taking into account that the scheme was ‘not a very
sophisticated one’. For similar charges, the Court of Appeal in _The Queen v
Leung Kwok Chung_ [1995] HKCA 178 similarly took a starting point of two
years’ imprisonment for each charge. In _Chan Piu-sang_ ([59] _supra_), the
trial judge’s sentence of six months’ imprisonment was enhanced to two years
by the Court of Appeal with respect to the charge of attempting to obtain
property by deception using a forged credit card.

_Use of stolen credit cards_

62 _The Queen v Ajibola Swaju Oyalowo and Another_ [1985] HKCA 50 involved the
use of stolen credit cards to obtain property/services. The applicants were
convicted of 11 charges. The Court of Appeal opined that the sentence of 18
months’ imprisonment imposed by the trial judge on each charge was a proper
sentence. The trial judge had emphasised that the applicants’ one and only
object in proceeding to Hong Kong was to defraud shopkeepers. It was deemed to
be a systematic fraud, well-planned and orchestrated with the use of stolen
credit cards and tantamount to a threat both to Hong Kong’s business
activities as well as their credit structure. Further, as the applicants were
caught red-handed, very little discount was given to their pleas of guilt. The
Court of Appeal concluded by suggesting that in future, the appropriate
sentence in similar cases should be a minimum of 18 months.

63 Different facts arose in _HKSAR v Lam Pui Tak_ Magistracy Appeal No 655 of
2001. In that case, the sentence of eight months’ imprisonment imposed by the
Magistrate for each of the four charges of obtaining by deception was upheld.
The Magistrate had taken a starting point of 12 months for each offence, but
he had given the appellant full credit for her plea of guilt, the appellant
having confessed to having stolen the credit card and having voluntarily
surrendered to the police. Further, there was no suggestion that the appellant
was heavily involved in credit card fraud, or that she had in her possession
additional credit cards, or that she was working as a member of any syndicate.
It should, however, be noted that the Magistrate, in considering sentence,
took the view that offences relating to the use of credit cards were very
common, and that even a first-time offender had to be sentenced to an
immediate sentence of imprisonment for the purpose of deterrence.

64 In _HKSAR v See Chun Fat Billy_ Magistracy Appeal No HCMA367 of 2005, the
appellant stole credit cards from letterboxes. The Magistrate had taken 18
months’ imprisonment as the starting point, but the term was reduced by a
third upon a plea of guilt. On appeal, it was held that the sentence was not
too severe. Credit card fraud is a serious matter which is prevalent and
causes significant loss. The appellant’s involvement demonstrated
premeditation and was not perpetrated in a sudden moment of greed. The orders
were thus confirmed.

65 Higher sentences were imposed in _R v Blancaflor_ Criminal Appeal No 294 of
1986 (“ _Blancaflor_ ”), _HKSAR v Wong Wan Shan_ Criminal Appeal Nos 9 & 10 of
2002 (“ _Wong Wan Shan_ ”) and _HKSAR v Chan Kwai-Fui_ [1998] HKCA 377 (“
_Chan Kwai-Fui_ ”). In all three cases, elements of syndication or group
conspiracy to commit the offences can be found. In _Blancaflor_ , a _group_ of
persons used stolen credit cards to obtain goods. It was a _planned_ fraud and
a sentence of 21 months was confirmed. In _Wong Wan Shan_ , a starting point
of three to four years’ imprisonment was taken and sentences of between two
years and four months’ imprisonment and two years and eight months’
imprisonment each were imposed for charges of obtaining property by deception.
That the offences had been committed over a lengthy period of time and the
fact that the applicant was a persistent offender, _acting in concert with
others as part of an accomplished thieving syndicate_ constituted aggravating
factors in that case. Lastly, in _Chan Kwai-Fui_ , a four-year starting point
was taken for each of the five charges of obtaining property by deception
through the fraudulent use of stolen credit cards. The sentencing was
subsequently discounted and reduced to two years and eight months’
imprisonment. The judge took into account, _inter alia_ , the prevalence of
such offences and the indication that _the applicant was involved with others
in the offences_. The sentence was upheld on appeal.

_Factors considered by the Hong Kong judiciary_

66 In _Chan Siu To_ ([61] _supra_), a non-exhaustive list of factors to be
considered by a sentencing judge in credit card fraud cases was set out by the
Hong Kong Court of Appeal. These factors included:

(a) The size of the operation (whether it involves large sums of money, large
numbers of persons or large numbers of fraudulent credit cards);

(b) The planning that has gone into perpetrating the fraud (whether it is
elaborate or simple, whether technical skills were used);

(c) Whether there is an international dimension;

(d) Whether the accused played a major role (whether the accused ran the
syndicate, organised the use of the fraudulent cards, or was a mere ‘cog in
the wheel’); and

(e) Whether there is a plea of guilty.

67 The factors listed by the Hong Kong court are essentially largely similar
to the relevant sentencing considerations I have set out in [38] to [54]
above. With the possible exception of factor (c) (international dimension), it
should be noted that our local courts have generally also paid attention to
all the other factors when sentencing perpetrators of credit card offences. I
agree with and endorse the Hong Kong Court of Appeal’s incorporation of the
international dimension as a relevant sentencing consideration. _Foreigners
and/or criminal syndicates who single out Singapore as a platform for their
crimes must be uncompromisingly visited with very severe sentences_.

**_United Kingdom_**

68 The English courts also consider the fraudulent use of credit cards as a
relatively serious offence. The threat that such crimes might become prevalent
also appears to be a critical sentencing consideration.

69 In _R v Jackson and Jackson_ (1992) 13 Cr App R (S) 22 (“ _Jackson_ ”), the
appellants had pleaded guilty to three counts of obtaining by deception using
stolen credit cards, with 31 and 47 similar offences to be taken into
consideration respectively. The court regarded these offences as meriting a
sentence of immediate imprisonment as they had been committed over a
substantial period of time. The general preponderence of such offences given
that they required little effort or exertion was yet another critical factor
prompting the court to conclude that such conduct should be severely dealt
with for the purposes of general deterrence. Ultimately, in that case,
however, the positive character references of the appellants and their dire
financial predicament dissuaded the court from imposing custodial sentences.
Community service orders were prescribed instead.

70 In the more recent decision of _R v Shellie Wallace_ [2001] EWCA Crim 1405,
where the appellant had pleaded guilty to _inter alia_ four charges of
obtaining property by deceptively employing a credit card, a different
conclusion was reached. 133 offences were taken into consideration, and she
was sentenced to eight months’ imprisonment on each charge. The court
considered the sentence in _Jackson_ ([69] _supra_) as peculiar to its facts,
emphasising that _Jackson_ raised and affirmed deterrence as a critical
consideration. The Court of Appeal emphasised that each case must be assessed
on its own merits. The sentence of eight months in that case was upheld.

71 The older English case of _R v Peacock_ [1967] Crim LR 548 appears to have
imposed more severe sentences for credit card offences. There, the accused had
come into possession of a credit card belonging to someone else and with
others, had used it to obtain goods worth £53 from shopkeepers. He pleaded
guilty to two charges of obtaining goods by false pretences, with three
similar offences to be taken into account. The accused was sentenced to 18
months’ imprisonment and in upholding his sentence, the Court of Appeal stated
that the fraudulent use of credit cards is a serious matter.

72 In light of the relatively inconsistent sentencing practices for credit
card offences in the United Kingdom, and particularly because of the differing
cultural, social and policy contexts prevailing in the UK and Singapore, I am
not inclined to adopt the sentencing precedents in the UK. The relevance of
English and Hong Kong authorities in Singapore on credit card frauds should be
strictly confined to the broad and essential principles distilled from both –
that credit card offences ought to be viewed seriously, and the deterrence
_must_ feature significantly in the sentencing equation.

Summary of relevant sentencing considerations for credit card offences

73 In summary, any assessment of sentencing factors in a credit card cheating
offence should take into account the following:

(a) degree of planning and premeditation, see [39] to [41];

(b) sophistication of offence and measures taken to avoid detection, see [42]
to [43];

(c) role of the accused, see [44] to [45];

(d) number of offences and quantum involved, see [46] to [48];

(e) extent of actual loss, damage and adverse consequences (both tangible and
intangible) to victims and connected parties, see [49] to [50];

(f) international dimension, see [66] to [67]; and

(g) remorse shown, see [49] to [54]

The sentencing benchmarks for credit card cheating offences

74 One common thread quite perceptibly runs through cases on credit card
offences in all three jurisdictions of Singapore, Hong Kong and the United
Kingdom: such offences have been deemed almost invariably to warrant deterrent
sentences. There are indeed sound public interest considerations underpinning
and warranting benchmark sentences for this genre of offences so that a
deterrent message is unequivocally conveyed. Potential offenders should be
alerted to the consequences of committing credit card frauds. Further,
benchmark sentences would engender a greater degree of consistency and
certainty in the sentencing of such offences. However, I pause here to caution
that despite such obvious advantages of benchmark sentences, they should never
be applied mechanically, without a proper consideration and assessment of the
individual facts of the case. Ultimately, each case must be determined on its
own factual matrix. The process of sentencing is a matter of law that involves
manifold factors so that no two cases could ever be totally identical for the
purposes of sentencing: _Wan Kim Hock v PP_ [2003] 1 SLR 410. Thus while past
cases (and benchmark sentences) are clearly helpful in providing guidelines
for the court, they must be acknowledged as just that and no more. In the
final analysis, while consistency in sentencing is a desirable objective, it
should never become an overriding or inflexible principle: _Mohd Shahrin bin
Shwi v PP_ [1996] 3 SLR 553. I am inclined at this juncture to reiterate my
observations in _Dinesh Singh Bhatia s/o Amarjeet Singh v PP_ [2005] 3 SLR 1
at [24]:

The circumstances of each case are of paramount importance in determining the
appropriate sentence. Benchmarks and/or tariffs (these terms are used
interchangeably in this judgment) have significance, standing and value as
judicial tools so as to help achieve a certain degree of consistency and
rationality in our sentencing practices. They provide the vital frame of
reference upon which rational and consistent sentencing decisions can be
based. They ought not, however, to be applied rigidly or religiously. No two
cases can or will ever be completely identical or symmetrical. The lower
courts, while obliged to pay careful and thoughtful attention to tariffs
and/or sentencing precedents, must not place them on an altar and obsessively
worship them. The judicial prerogative to depart in a reasoned and measured
manner from sentencing and precedent guidelines in appropriate cases should
not be lightly shrugged off. Sentencing is neither a science nor an
administrative exercise. Sentences cannot be determined with mathematical
certainty. Nor should they be arbitrary. The sentence must fit the crime.
Every sentence reflects a complex amalgam of numerous and various factors and
imponderables and requires the very careful evaluation of matters such as
public interest, the nature and circumstances of the offence and the identity
of the offender. Most crucially, it calls for the embodiment of individualised
justice. This in turn warrants the application of sound discretion. General
benchmarks, while highly significant, should not by their very definition be
viewed as binding or fossilised judicial rules, inducing a mechanical
application.

75 In my view, the starting point of the sentencing tariffs for the various s
420 credit card cheating offences should figure in the following range:

(a) _Syndicated and/or counterfeit/forged credit card and/or sophisticated
offences_ : 24 to 36 months’ imprisonment for each charge

(b) _Non-syndicated stolen/misappropriated credit card offences_ : 12 to 18
months’ imprisonment for each charge

Mitigating and aggravating factors should then be assessed in deciding whether
they should be allowed to tip the balance so that the sentence is discounted
or enhanced accordingly. The adoption of a spectrum of sentencing options for
first time offenders will permit consideration to be duly accorded to the many
and varied imponderables that inevitably figure in the sentencing equation.

The present appeal in relation to the s 420 cheating charge

76 Non-syndicated misappropriated credit card offences constitute the subject
matter of the present case. A starting point of 12 months’ imprisonment is the
appropriate benchmark.

77 In this respect, I noted that the value of the fraudulent purchases made by
the respondent amounted to $6,007.82 (including the charges taken into
consideration). This is not an insubstantial amount. The respondent had also
made no less than four attempts at the fraudulent use of the misappropriated
credit card and had only stopped on the fourth attempt because the credit card
was rejected.

78 The district judge was clearly impressed and persuaded by the respondent’s
plaintive plea that the offences were the result of a “momentary
indiscretion”; no benefit was derived by him; and no loss was occasioned to
anyone. With all due respect, if this is indeed to be construed as a folly
from a “momentary indiscretion”, it was a rather long “moment”. The respondent
appears to have embarked on an extended shopping binge and stopped, not
because he was plagued by pangs of guilt, but because the last transaction was
literally blocked by the issuing bank. I agree with the prosecution’s
submission that in light of the two charges proceeded against the accused and
three other charges that had to be taken into account for sentencing purposes,
the respondent’s infractions cannot be deemed a ‘one-off’ or isolated
transgression. This was nothing less than a disturbing spate of calculated
conduct redolent of avarice and callousness. What prevented him from returning
the card to Ms Sanderson when he knew she was the rightful owner? Why did he
embark on a series of extravagant purchases in a state of frenzy? It was
clearly his intention to take full advantage of his short transit stop to
maximise his returns and then quietly slip out of the jurisdiction. The
intention to commit the offences was assuredly not formed on the spur of the
moment. It must have been percolating while he was in flight, after he
misappropriated the card. That he selected items of substantial value and made
several quick successive purchases is testament to a calculated and pre-
meditated conduct.

79 I find his conduct in seeking to take advantage of his short transit stay
in Singapore and thereafter attempting to literally take ‘flight’ troubling. A
clear, unequivocal signal must be sent to all would be offenders enjoying a
transit stop in Changi Airport that any attempt whatsoever to commit credit
card fraud during their transit stay will entail a severe penalty. Millions of
passengers use Singapore’s international airport as a transit hub and this
facility and hospitality must not be abused to provide a platform for criminal
activities. The emergence of credit card fraud at shops located at Changi
Airport’s terminals can only result in financial losses, warranting additional
security measures and inconvenience all round. It may in time also damage the
reputation of the airport as a transit hub. This is unthinkable.

80 I should also add for the sake of completeness that the respondent’s age in
this case affords limited mitigating value. Youth provides neither a criminal
crutch to lean on nor a license to deliberately commit offences.

81 The trial judge accorded considerable mitigating value to the respondent’s
early plea of guilt, coupled with his full and complete co-operation with the
police investigations. However, the circumstances of the respondent’s arrest –
given that the respondent was apprehended with the fraudulent purchases and
misappropriated credit card on his person – raised, initially, dubious
questions about his remorse; the case against him was overwhelming to say the
least; a foregone conclusion, one might say. The reliance on the early plea of
guilt and co-operation with the police _per se_ was therefore insufficient by
itself to reflect true remorse. In a remorse-based approach, only a genuine
finding of remorse can warrant a discount in sentence: see above at [50] to
[53]. I did, however, after careful consideration accept Mr Peter Fernando’s
persuasive plea on behalf of the respondent that he is now contrite and fully
acknowledges his mistake.

82 Having assessed a two-month term of imprisonment for these credit card
frauds as wholly inadequate, I have nevertheless determined that the benchmark
sentence of 12 months admittedly be discounted to take into account certain
mitigating factors. While the offences were pre-meditated in nature, they were
committed without any proper planning and clearly lacked any measure of
sophistication.

83 Further, the respondent’s personal circumstances in this particular case
should also be taken into account in assessing the appropriate sentence. The
respondent’s relative youthfulness (albeit of limited mitigating value _per
se_), his lack of antecedents as well as a good family background and
upbringing point to a higher amenability to rehabilitation and a
correspondingly lower necessity for specific deterrence. A discount from the
benchmark sentence was therefore justified. The fact that no loss was
occasioned was also a relevant though not decisive consideration: see [49] and
[50] above. I also made an allowance for the fact that he had been released
from prison custody before the sentence was enhanced.

84 For the above reasons, I enhanced the sentence of two months’ imprisonment
to six months’ imprisonment for the s 420 charge of cheating with a
misappropriated credit card.

The criminal misappropriation charge under s 403 of the Penal Code

85 The case law for criminal misappropriation charges seems relatively
consistent in contradistinction to the s 420 authorities. The prosecution
highlighted two relevant cases in its submissions on sentence. These cases,
because they are by and large factually similar to the present case, afford
useful guidelines for the imposition of a sentence for the respondent’s charge
pursuant to s 403 of the Penal Code.

86 In the case of _Fadilah bte Omar_ ([24] _supra_), the 16-year-old accused
had misappropriated a credit card that she had found in a toilet. She pleaded
guilty to one count of criminal misappropriation and two months’ imprisonment
was imposed. The second case cited is the unreported case of _Siti Nor Anin
Binti Tugiman_ (District Arrest Case No 10126 of 2006 & ors). There, the
20-year-old accused had misappropriated a credit card whilst working as a
cashier. She had similarly pleaded guilty to one count of criminal
misappropriation and was sentenced to three months’ imprisonment. I regard
sentences of imprisonment in the range of two to six months as an appropriate
benchmark for first offenders.

87 Given the facts of the present case, I was of the view that a two months’
imprisonment term for the s 403 of the Penal Code criminal misappropriation
offence was proportionate to his culpability and provide sufficient deterrence
and value. I therefore enhanced the sentence of two weeks’ imprisonment
imposed by the trial judge to two months’ imprisonment, to run concurrently
with the sentence imposed for the s 420 charge.

Conclusion

88 The sentences imposed by the district judge were manifestly inadequate.
Offences involving credit cards inevitably warrant severe treatment, save in
exceptional cases. Given the pre-eminence and pervasiveness of credit cards as
a preferred mode of payment in day to day commerce, such recurrent offences
threaten to grievously undermine both its reliability as a mode of payment as
well as the entire security of our credit infrastructure. An enormous amount
of time, money and effort is unnecessarily expended by financial institutions
and authorities in combating such fraud. Such offences, if left unchecked,
would be akin to a slow drip of a subtle but potent poison that will
inexorably and irremediably damage Singapore’s standing both as a financial
hub as well as a preferred centre of commerce. Further, as a key global
financial player, Singapore bears international responsibility in ensuring
that it does not afford a platform either for the launch or perpetration of
this genre of fraud. Financial institutions face a constant and relentless
struggle each and every time a security risk posed by a credit card fraudster
surfaces. Indeed, the entire credit card holding community bears the brunt,
both financial and the incalculable inconvenience, whenever such an offence
rears its ugly hydra head. The price of security is unstinting vigilance and
the unflinching imposition of appropriately stiff sentences in dealing with
transgressions. Offenders must expect to face harsh custodial sentences;
general deterrence is a vital if not paramount consideration in assessing how
severe the sentence should be in any given case.

89 In the result, I made the following orders:

(a) Offence of criminal misappropriation (District Arrest Case No 52684 of
2006): sentence of two weeks’ imprisonment to be enhanced to two months’
imprisonment;

(b) Offence of cheating (District Arrest Case No 52683 of 2006): sentence of
two months’ imprisonment to be enhanced to six months’ imprisonment;

(c) Both sentences are to run concurrently and commence from 18 November 2006.
The period that the accused has been released (i.e. 8 to 12 January 2006) is
not to be added on to this sentence.

90 Finally, I would like to thank counsel for their assistance in this matter.
While some of their arguments did not resonate with me, I nevertheless found
them helpful. Considerable effort and diligence had clearly gone into the
preparation of the cases on both sides. In particular, I would like to commend
Mr Peter Fernando, counsel for the respondent, for the clarity and cogency of
his advocacy as well as the even-handed manner in which he vigorously pressed
his client’s cause. While he may have not have succeeded in convincing me of
the merits of his client’s cause, I commend him for more than successfully
discharging his obligations to the court and to his client.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 15 Feb 2007 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

