Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Public Prosecutor v Chan Soi Peng  
[2007] SGHC 184

Case Number | : | CC 27/2007  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 24 October 2007  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Woo Bih Li J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Francis Ng and Jean Kua (Deputy Public Prosecutors) for the Prosecution; Francis Ow (Archilex Law Corporation) for the accused   
Parties | : |  Public Prosecutor — Chan Soi Peng   
  
Criminal Procedure and Sentencing – Sentencing – Principles – Accused provoked
by deceased – Deceased was stabbed by a knife – Accused pleading guilty to
culpable homicide not amounting to murder – Accused remained at large for ten
years before surrendering – Appropriate Sentence – Section 304(b) Penal Code
(Cap 224, 1985 Rev Ed)  
  

24 October 2007 |   
---|---  
  
Woo Bih Li J

1 The accused Chan Soi Peng (“Chan”) faced a charge of culpable homicide not
amounting to murder. The charge stated:

That you, CHAN SOI PENG

On or about the 20th day of December 1996, sometime between 8.50pm and 9.38pm,
at Block 78 Yong Siak Street #02-04, Singapore, did cause the death of one
Tiew Yit Heng, to wit, by stabbing the said Tiew Yit Heng in the chest with a
knife, which act was done with the knowledge that it was likely to cause death
to the said Tiew Yit Heng, and you have thereby committed an offence
punishable under section 304(b) of the Penal Code, Chapter 224.

2 Chan entered a plea of guilt to the charge. After considering a statement of
facts which he accepted, I accepted his plea and convicted him accordingly.
The offence carries a penalty of imprisonment for up to ten years or a fine or
both.

3 Chan was about 31 years of age at the time of the offence. The circumstances
in which the offence was committed were found in the statement of facts which
stated the following:

**_THE ACCUSED_**

The accused is one Chan Soi Peng, a 41 year-old male Malaysian national,
Malaysian Identity Card No. 651231-08-5769. At the time of the offence, he was
working in Singapore as a freelance tile-layer.

**_THE DECEASED_**

2 The deceased is one Tiew Yit Heng, a male Malaysian national, Malaysian
Identity Card No. 720212-08-5075, aged 24 at the time of his death. At the
material time, the deceased was working in Singapore as a freelance plasterer
and occupied rented premises at Blk 78 Yong Siak Street #02-04 ("the flat")
together with the accused and other tenants.

**_EVENTS LEADING TO THE DISCOVERY OF THE DECEASED'S BODY_**

3 On 20 December 1996 at about 9:38 p.m., the Police received a '999' call
from one Tang Song Kooi ("Tang"), stating: "Occupant are fighting someone is
injured. They used knife _(sic)"._ The location of the incident was given as
Blk 78 Yong Saik Street #02-04. Police and Civil Defence resources attended to
the call and proceeded to the flat. The deceased was discovered lying on a
blood soaked mattress beside a pool of blood in one of the flat's three
bedrooms. At about 9:52 p.m., Miss Lisa Wee Eng Cheng of Ambulance No. 16
pronounced the deceased dead. At about 1:10 a.m. on 21 December 1996, Forensic
Pathologist Dr Teo Eng Swee ("Dr Teo") conducted an external examination of
the deceased at the scene and found a stab wound on the upper chest of the
deceased, over the region of the sternal notch.

**_SUBSEQUENT INVESTIGATIONS_**

4 Investigations revealed that the flat's owner, one Thia Boon Teck, had
rented out the entire premises to some 20 Malaysians working in Singapore at
the material time, including the accused, the deceased, Tang and his wife. The
flat had 3 bedrooms (Room 1, Room 2 & Room 3), a balcony, a living room, a
toilet, a bathroom and a kitchen with a rear door. The deceased slept in Room
3 together with several other tenants while the accused shared Room 2 with
another group of tenants. The deceased and the accused were not close and
seldom spoke to each other.

5 On 20 December 1996 at about 8:50 p.m., around a dozen or so of the flat's
Malaysian tenants, including the accused, the deceased, Tang and his wife,
were inside the flat. Tang and his wife were inside Room 1 while the rest of
the tenants were watching a television programme in the living room. The
accused was seated under the windows in the living room while the deceased was
seated closer to the television set, which was placed against the wall
opposite the windows. In the midst of the programme, the deceased, who was
carrying a bottle of liniment and smelt of alcohol, walked over to where the
accused was seated and stood beside him, looking out of the windows. All of a
sudden, and for no apparent reason, the deceased lightly pushed the accused's
head twice.

6 The accused ignored the deceased, as he had previously been told by one of
the other tenants that the deceased was "not so normal", and moved away from
the deceased by shifting to the side. The deceased then told the accused in
Cantonese that he was "stuck up" and "arrogant". The accused replied by
explaining to the deceased that he was not being arrogant by ignoring him.
After this exchange, the accused stood up and prepared to leave the flat for
his dinner. It was at this point in time that the deceased struck the accused
in the face with the bottle of liniment he was carrying.

7 The accused retaliated with his fists and a fight ensued. The accused and
deceased struggled with each other from the living room of the flat into Room
2 before pausing briefly. The deceased then emerged from Room 2 with
bloodstains on his right hand and sat at the entrance of Room 3. Seconds
later, the accused emerged from Room 2 with blood all over his face. The
accused then walked across the living room towards the rear of the flat where
the toilet, bathroom and kitchen were located. The deceased went after the
accused and both were embroiled in another scuffle moments later. In the
course of the scuffle, the accused punched the deceased twice at his stomach
region

8 Following this, the accused walked to the kitchen of the flat and returned
to the living room with a fruit knife in his right hand. He advanced towards
the deceased, who had moved to stand in front of Room 3. On seeing the accused
approaching with the knife, the deceased picked up a mattress that was on the
floor and held it in front of him.

9 The accused proceeded to thrust the knife at the deceased, who managed to
fend off the blow with the mattress while simultaneously retreating into Room
3. The accused followed the deceased into Room 3 and thrust the knife towards
the deceased's chest, with knowledge that this act was likely to cause death
but without any intention to cause death or to cause bodily injury as is
likely to cause death. The knife penetrated the deceased's chest and the
accused then pulled the knife out of the deceased's chest. The deceased
immediately began spitting out blood and eventually collapsed in Room 3,
whilst the accused returned to his own room (Room 2).

10 The accused soon emerged from Room 2 and left the flat with the knife via
the flat's rear door. As the accused was leaving the flat, he walked past
Tang, who had just emerged from Room 1. Tang saw bloodstains in the flat and
followed the trail of blood into Room 3 where he saw the deceased's body. He
panicked and immediately left the flat together with his wife to call the
Police from a nearby coffee shop.

11 Investigations revealed that the accused subsequently disposed of the knife
at an unknown location and proceeded to seek out his friend, one ‘Fei Kay
Hoong’. He obtained some money from ‘Fei Kay Hoong’ which he then used to
travel to Woodlands by taxi. The accused then boarded a private taxi and left
Singapore for Malaysia at about 11.38pm that night through the Woodlands
Checkpoint.

**_FORENSIC FINDINGS_**

12 A post mortem conducted by Dr Teo on 21 December 1996 revealed the presence
of an incised wound over the deceased’s sternal notch, as well as five other
superficial incised wounds and various other bruises and abrasions on the
deceased’s body. Dr Teo further certified the cause of death as “Haemorrhage
due to stab wound to the neck”. …

13 …

**_ARREST OF THE ACCUSED_**

14 After becoming aware of the accused’s involvement in the killing of the
deceased, the Police sought the assistance of the Royal Malaysian Police in
locating the accused. The Royal Malaysian Police eventually managed to
establish that the accused had a younger brother working in Kuala Lumpur. The
Royal Malaysian Police subsequently trailed the accused's younger brother and
ascertained from him the accused's place of abode in Kuala Lumpur. The
accused's younger brother later informed the accused and their elder sister
that the Royal Malaysian Police were trying to locate the accused. Following
this, the accused decided to surrender himself to the Royal Malaysian Police
and did so on or about 11 January 2007. He was placed under arrest and was
extradited to Singapore from Malaysia on 16 January 2007. On 18 January 2007,
the accused was charged with the murder of the deceased.

**_PSYCHIATRIC REPORT_**

15 Following his return to Singapore, the accused was also sent for
psychiatric assessment In a report dated 5 March 2007 (Ref 2007-357-0), Dr
Kenneth GWW Koh, Associate Consultant Forensic Psychiatrist with the Institute
of Mental Health, has indicated his opinion that the accused was not of
unsound mind at the time of the offence and is fit to plead. …

4 In _Public Prosecutor v Miguel Estella Bayos,_ Criminal Case No. 27 of 1999,
the accused and the deceased were Filipino seamen aboard a vessel. An argument
broke out between them over some remarks and the deceased pushed the accused
on the chest who almost fell. The two were separated by other crew members.
The accused left and obtained a bearing scraper and returned with the scraper
strapped to his waist and hidden. A while later, another argument broke out
between the accused and the deceased. In the struggle which ensued, the
accused took out the bearing scraper and stabbed the deceased twice in the
chest. The accused was charged with having committed an offence under s 304(b)
of the Penal Code. He pleaded guilty and was sentenced to imprisonment for
five years.

5 In _Public Prosecutor v Katun Bee Binte S Ibrahim_ [2004] SGHC 46, the
accused was a woman charged with an offence also under s 304(b). She had
stabbed her lover in the abdomen with a knife after a quarrel and after both
of them had been drinking. She did not plead guilty and after a trial, I
convicted her and sentenced her to imprisonment of three and a half years. In
that case, the accused had had a very difficult life. She had raised her five
children practically single-handedly. She had failed relationships with two
men and was then involved in a relationship with the deceased. That
relationship also did not turn out well. It was a frustrating one to her as he
was spending money which she had earned on drinks and he was also abusive to
her when drunk. Although I found that she was the one who took a knife from
the kitchen and stabbed the deceased, I was also of the view that all her
frustrations had came to a head when she did so. It was in those particular
circumstances that I exercised compassion on her.

6 In _PP v Lim Boon Seng_ [2004] SGHC 113, the accused had borrowed money from
the deceased who was his friend. On 5 November 2003, the accused telephoned
the deceased to ask for time to pay a debt of $1,800. The deceased was unhappy
and told the accused to wait for him at the accused’s durian stall. When the
deceased arrived, he shouted vulgarities at the accused and started hitting
him with his fists. The accused tried to block the blows with his arms and
backed away but the deceased continued to attack him. After retreating a short
distance, the accused saw a knife and used it to stab the deceased once in the
chest. The deceased collapsed and the accused threw the knife onto a grass
verge. The accused then used a towel to press on the deceased’s wound and
shouted for help. The accused recovered the knife and told his wife to throw
it away which she did. The accused pleaded guilty. In these circumstances, the
court sentenced him to imprisonment for three years and six months.

7 In _PP v Oon Oon Sang Tee_ , Criminal Case No. 11 of 2006, the accused was
charged also under s 304(b). In that case, the deceased had been having an
affair and her husband, the accused, was distraught by this. About ten days
later and in the midst of an attempted reconciliation, the deceased told the
accused she could not change the way he felt. In a fit of rage, the accused
strangled the deceased to death. Apparently, the accused’s mental
responsibility was impaired. The court sentenced him to imprisonment for four
years and six months.

8 In _PP v Lim Ah Seng_ [2006] SGHC 122, the accused was also charged under s
304(b). The accused had been estranged from his wife, the deceased. He had
been subjected to repeated physical and psychological abuse by the deceased.
On the day of the offence, the deceased informed the accused that she wanted
to go to the house of the accused’s mother to see their six year old daughter.
He told her to proceed on her own. In the evening, the accused returned to his
own home. A short while later, the deceased arrived saying she did not have
the keys to his mother’s home. The deceased said she wanted to bring the
daughter to Jakarta which the accused did not agree to. They quarrelled. They
then engaged in sexual intercourse at the invitation of the deceased.
Thereafter, the deceased again raised the subject of taking the daughter to
Jakarta. She said that if the accused refused, she would lodge a police report
that he had raped her. They had another argument and she slapped him. She also
told him she had a record with the Institute of Mental Health and it would be
alright for her to kill him. She then rushed into the kitchen and tried to
grab a knife but was stopped by the accused. She ran back into the bedroom and
he followed her to stop her from throwing things around. The deceased slapped
the accused again and strangled him. The accused retaliated by strangling her.
After a while, her grip on his neck weakened and she fell. The accused tried
to wake her up but to no avail. The accused then called his mother. When the
police and other officers arrived, the accused was in the living room. He went
to the kitchen and returned with two knives. There, he apparently stabbed
himself in the thighs. Eventually, he surrendered himself.

9 Judicial Commissioner Sundaresh Menon said that that case was outside the
precedents he was considering in view of the particular combination of
extenuating circumstances. He sentenced the accused to imprisonment for two
years and six months.

10 In _PP v Ng Say Hong_ , Criminal Case No. 49 of 1997, a fight had broken
out between the deceased and a friend of the accused in a KTV room at a lounge
at Liang Court. The accused sought to intervene but stopped doing so when he
was told it was a one-to-one fight. He walked out of the KTV room and was
passed a penknife which he kept. Later, the deceased emerged from the KTV room
and approached the accused. Upon seeing the deceased, the accused took out the
penknife and pushed out the blade. The deceased threw a punch at the accused’s
face but missed and the accused swung the penknife to the deceased’s head. The
accused left the lounge and Singapore for Malaysia. He was subsequently
arrested. He had an antecedent and was sentenced to imprisonment for seven
years.

11 In the case before me, the defence stressed the provocative acts of the
deceased and the fact that Chan had tried to avoid a confrontation with the
deceased. This was one single fatal wound inflicted without premeditation.
Chan’s action in throwing away the knife was a knee jerk reaction of fear and
panic. He had fled Singapore to go to Kuala Lumpur where he spoke to a sister.
She in turn consulted a lawyer on the probable sentence he would receive and
was told that murder attracted a mandatory capital sentence. She was also
advised on legal fees should the accused claim trial. The accused’s family was
not able to raise the fees and he also saw it as a lost cause. He did not live
with his family for the next ten years. Eventually, the sister sought advice
from another lawyer who advised her of the possibility of a culpable homicide
charge which does not attract a capital sentence. She suggested and he agreed
to surrender to the Malaysian police. At about that time, his younger brother
had also informed him that the police were inquiring about his whereabouts.

12 Chan had come to Singapore from Malaysia to look for work before he
returned home to marry. The incident occurred in less than a week after his
arrival. Chan had no antecedents.

13 The defence relied on _PP v Lim Boon Seng_ as a precedent because there the
accused was also not the aggressor. It was submitted that the only difference
was the conduct of the accused in that case after the stabbing.

14 The defence also relied on what Menon JC said in _PP v Lim Ah Seng_ at para
33:

I am unable to accept this submission. The superficial dissimilarity between
the case at hand and the stabbing cases and the superficial similarity on the
other hand with _Oon Oon_ should not be allowed to obscure the search for
justice in the case at hand. That search requires a consideration of every
fact and circumstance which might help explain the seemingly inexplicable.
That includes such factors as whether the accused was a victim, whether he was
provoked, whether he was being attacked, whether he was the aggressor and
whether he used a weapon. The fact that no weapon was used in the present case
is in my view an ameliorating factor compared to the stabbing cases and unless
there are other circumstances in those cases that render them irrelevant, I
consider that I should have regard to those cases and examine how the courts
there approached their sentencing responsibility.

15 On the other hand, the prosecution stressed that although the deceased
began the fight, the deceased was unarmed. The prosecution also stressed the
conduct of Chan who had left the flat and disposed of the knife. He had
remained at large for ten years and his surrender might have been brought
about by the realization that the police were closing in.

16 The prosecution sought a custodial sentence approaching or on par with the
sentences imposed in _PP v Ng Say Hong_ (sentence of seven years) and _PP v_
_Miguel Estella Bayos_ (sentence of five years). The prosecution distinguished
_PP v Lim Ah Seng_ (sentence of two years and six months) as well as _PP v
Katun Bee Binte S Ibrahim_ (sentence of three years and six months) on the
basis that there was a history of abuse in each of these cases.

17 Obviously no two cases are exactly the same. I agreed that there was a long
history of abuse by the deceased in _PP v Lim Ah Seng_. Furthermore, it was
the deceased who had come to the accused’s residence, made a demand of him to
bring their daughter to Jakarta, threatened him with a rape accusation and
attacked him. The circumstances there were exceptional. In _PP v_ _Katun Bee
Binte S Ibrahim_ , the accused was the aggressor and had not pleaded guilty
but I had particular compassion on her for the reasons stated in [5] above.

18 In _PP v Oon Oon Sang Tee_ , the accused was the aggressor but was mentally
impaired.

19 I was of the view that _PP v Ng Say Hong_ was a poor precedent for the
prosecution to rely on. The accused there had armed himself before the
deceased had approached him. Also, there was no provocation of the kind in the
case before me. The accused did not surrender himself and also had an
antecedent.

20 In _PP v_ _Miguel Estella Bayos_ , there was also no provocation of the
kind in the case before me.

21 In _PP v Lim Boon Seng_ , the accused was not the aggressor as in the case
before me. The “commendable” conduct of the accused there was after the
incident when he tried to stop the bleeding of the deceased and called out for
help.

22 I was of the view that while an accused person’s conduct after the event
was relevant in the consideration of the appropriate sentence, the
circumstances which led to the commission of the offence carried more weight.
In the case before me, Chan was provoked not once but three times with the
last provocation being a blow to his face before he retaliated. It was common
ground that notwithstanding the first act of provocation, he had tried to
avoid the deceased. It was the deceased who would not leave him alone. Even
after the initial fight, it was the deceased who went after Chan. These
circumstances carried the most weight in my mind. As for Chan’s conduct after
the fatal blow was inflicted, it would be unfair to focus on his disposal of
the knife and his flight from Singapore and disregard his surrender after ten
years on the run and his plea of guilt.

23 In the circumstances, I sentenced Chan to imprisonment for a term of three
years and nine months from 16 January 2007 which was the date he was brought
back to Singapore and was in remand.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 24 Oct 2007 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

