Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Koon Seng Construction Pte Ltd v Chenab Contractor Pte Ltd and Another  
[2007] SGHC 196

Case Number | : | Suit 250/2005  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 16 November 2007  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Belinda Ang Saw Ean J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Ronnie Tan and Twang Kern Zern (Central Chambers Law Corporation) for the plaintiff; Winston Quek (B T Tan & Co) for the defendants   
Parties | : |  Koon Seng Construction Pte Ltd — Chenab Contractor Pte Ltd; Raj Dev s/o Ram Singh   
  
Contract – Illegality and public policy – Agreement between two companies for
allotment of shares – Whether agreement a sham – Whether ex turpi causa non
oritur actio maxim applying – Whether claim for forfeited shares to be
reverted connected with unlawful conduct  
  

16 November 2007 |  Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Belinda Ang Saw Ean J:

Introduction

1 The dispute in this action arose in relation to the forfeiture of 700,000
ordinary shares of $1 each in the capital of the first defendant, Chenab
Contractor Pte Ltd (“Chenab”). The forfeiture process was, according to the
plaintiff, Koon Seng Construction Pte Ltd (“Koon Seng”), a plan pursued to
thwart its application to wind up Chenab on just and equitable grounds (see
CWU Petition No 64 of 2005). The petition has been adjourned pending the
outcome of this action. On 12 April 2005, Chenab passed a resolution (“the
April resolution”) forfeiting Koon Seng’s 700,000 ordinary shares in Chenab
(“the Shares”) for non-payment of the call made on 26 March 2005\. Koon Seng
is now seeking an order declaring as invalid the forfeiture of the Shares.
Besides defending the validity of the forfeiture, Chenab has filed a
counterclaim against Koon Seng to recover as a debt the subscription sum of
$700,000.

Background

**_The relationship between the parties_**

2 To understand this dispute, it is necessary to look at the history of the
relationship between Goh Koon Suan (“GKS”), the managing director of Koon
Seng, and the second defendant, Raj Dev s/o Ram Singh (“Raj”). Briefly, the
relationship started off as one between an employer and employee in that Raj
worked for Koon Seng since 1981. They became friends. Later on, they had a
business relationship. Apparently, both GKS and Raj had collaborated in some
business ventures. One such venture concerned a centre in India to train and
recruit workers for the Singapore labour market. The friendly personal
relationship between GKS and Raj had spanned a period of at least 23 years.
Raj appeared to have prospered from this friendship. However, those close ties
have now been broken. They have been replaced by the bitter dispute between
the parties which has resulted in several proceedings and this is one of them.

**_History of the events leading up to the present proceedings_**

3 Chenab is in the labour supply business for port operations. Koon Seng’s
business is related to the activities of the building construction industry.
In 1999, Chenab was interested in securing a lucrative contract for the
provision of workers for lashing/unlashing of containers including drivers for
prime movers including forklift drivers at PSA Distripark and Container
Logistics Department (“the PSA Contract”). Raj approached GKS with a business
proposition. GKS was also interested in this lucrative labour supply contract
valued at $12m. As a prerequisite of the PSA tender, Chenab needed to raise
the paid up capital by $1m to $1.5m. GKS and Raj discussed the PSA tender and
they apparently came to an agreement. There was no written agreement and it
was not surprising, at least initially, that the parties’ respective versions
of the agreement were different. As can be seen, an important feature of this
case is the precise terms of the agreement to allot the Shares (“the agreement
to allot”). It is noteworthy that it was from their long personal relationship
that GKS and Raj came together to collaborate as business partners to secure
and accomplish the PSA Contract.

4 It is common ground that Koon Seng was allotted the Shares on 15 November
1999. The Shares were registered in Koon Seng’s name. They were forfeited on
12 April 2005 for non-payment of the call made on 26 March 2005. Chenab’s
issued share capital during the relevant period was reflected as $1.5m in
documentation lodged by Chenab with the Registry of Companies, now known as
the Accounting and Corporate Regulatory Authority (“ACRA”). It is also
undisputed that on 16 September 2000, Chenab faxed to Koon Seng a printout of
a Registry of Company Computer Information (Business Profile) search (“the ROC
search”) showing Chenab’s paid up capital as $1.5m and Koon Seng as one of its
registered shareholders with 700,000 ordinary shares.

5 I pause here to refer to Mr Ronnie Tan’s submissions of 27 October 2007
which he as counsel made on behalf of Koon Seng. Counsel said that a copy of
the Return of Allotment of shares was faxed to Koon Seng on 16 September 2000.
That statement is not borne out by the evidence. According to Raj, the purpose
of faxing the ROC search was to inform Koon Seng that the Shares were
registered in its name.[note: 1] GKS in his affidavit of evidence-in-chief
identified the two documents that were faxed to him; he did not say when they
were transmitted. The documents in question were identified as the ROC search
and a copy of the Chenab’s Annual Return for the financial year ended 31
December 1999 which was lodged at the Registry of Companies on 17 April 2002
(“the Annual Return”). At page 32 of GKS’s affidavit of evidence-in-chief is
the second page of Form 24 (Return of Allotment of Shares). Page 1 of Form 24,
which usually contains information on the amount paid or due and payable on
each share, was not exhibited. In any case, the date and time of the fax
transmission appearing at page 32 of the affidavit of evidence-in-chief is 28
March 2005 and not 16 September 2000. The transmission date as shown on the
ROC search is 16 September 2000. I hasten to add that at the trial, no
reference at all was made to the Return of Allotment which had to be lodged
with the Registry of Companies within 14 days of allotment (see s 63(1) of
Companies Act (Cap 50, Rev Ed 2006). I should explain that since there are no
material changes to the sections relevant to this case, I have for convenience
referred to the latest revised edition of the Companies Act.

6 Returning to my narration of the shareholding in Chenab, Raj was the
majority shareholder with 799,999 ordinary shares. One share was held in the
name of Jagip Kaur d/o Dhian Singh (“Jagip Kaur”). Similarly, the Annual
Return reflected the paid up capital of Chenab as $1.5m. It also stated that
the total amount of unpaid calls was zero. Those statements were consistent
with an earlier statement in the same document where $1.5m was stated to be
the total amount of calls received including payments on application and
allotment. Moreover, the entries in respect of Chenab’s issued share capital
in its audited accounts for the financial years 1999, 2000 and 2001 described
the share capital of $1.5m as allotted and fully paid for cash at par. The
audited balance sheets as at 31 December 1999, 2000 and 2001 respectively
described the Shares as allotted and fully paid up. The paid up share capital
was stated to be $1.5m.

7 Chenab was successful in the tender and the PSA Contract was duly awarded to
Chenab. Disputes have arisen between the parties in connection with the moneys
from the PSA Contract. There were allegations of unauthorised payments by Koon
Seng to itself during the period 2000 to 2004. Those unauthorised payments,
amounting to over $3.2m, were withdrawn from the account with the United
Overseas Bank. GKS was the sole signatory of that bank account specifically
designated for the PSA Contract (“the UOB account”). There were also counter
allegations that moneys from the PSA Contract were not deposited into the UOB
account as they were diverted elsewhere. The dissent led to the closure of the
UOB account by the defendants who then transferred the bank balance to a new
account established by Chenab with Citibank. In the result, Suit No 111 of
2005 was filed on 16 February 2005 by Koon Seng against the defendants.

8 On 26 March 2005, the directors of Chenab sent Koon Seng a notice demanding
payment of $700,000 for the Shares. Koon Seng was advised that if the sum was
not paid within two weeks, then the procedures and remedies provided in the
Articles of Association of Chenab would take place. On 28 March 2005, Koon
Seng, as shareholder, petitioned to wind up Chenab on just and equitable
grounds (see CWU Petition No 64 of 2005). On 5 April 2005, Suit No 111 of 2005
was ordered to be stayed pending the determination of the winding up petition.
On 12 April 2005, the directors of Chenab passed a resolution to forfeit the
Shares for non-payment. As stated, the petition to wind up Chenab has also
been adjourned pending the outcome of this action.

The proceedings

9 The progress of the proceedings before me turned out to be rather long-
drawn, primarily due to the piecemeal evidence that came before the court
which eventually showed a different picture from the one each party had chosen
to present to the court. For reasons which I shall explain later, the outcome
of this action was independent of either version of the facts presented by the
parties. This is not controversial since the court is not bound to confine its
decision to the version advanced by the parties if, as was the case here, the
evidence or the reading of it showed otherwise. For expediency, the
proceedings may be divided into three distinct periods of time: (a) the first
period covers the trial and closing submissions (“Phase 1”); (b) the second
period relates to the audited accounts of Chenab (“Phase 2”); and (c) the
third period relates to the appropriate order that I should make in the event
either version of the facts is rejected (“Phase 3”).

**_Phase 1: The trial_**

10 The trial of the action was listed for hearing on three intermittent
occasions spanning the period from May 2006 to April 2007. The case as
presented is straightforward. Notably it was, to begin with, premised on the
common ground that Koon Seng was a shareholder of Chenab in the years prior to
the forfeiture of the Shares. But as it turned out in the end, the
aforementioned common premise was simply a convenient tale to adopt for the
reasons which I shall address in due course. At Phase 1, the contemporaneous
documentary evidence touching on the company’s issued share capital of $1.5m
during the relevant period was accepted by the parties and, hence, was
unchallenged.

_The competing arguments_

(1) Koon Seng’s case

11 Koon Seng’s case is set out in the Statement of Claim (Amendment No 3). In
summary, it is that in or about 1999, GKS and Raj agreed that in consideration
for, inter alia, the provision of financial assistance in relation to the PSA
Contract, the defendants agreed to allot 700,000 shares in Chenab to Koon
Seng. Koon Seng claimed to have performed its side of the bargain by the
making or continuing to make loans to Chenab to fund the PSA Contract, and
also in providing or continuing to provide other forms of financial assistance
by way of guarantees and indemnities to third parties. GKS contended that in
the years prior to 12 April 2005, he reasonably believed that Koon Seng held
700,000 shares in Chenab. GKS further contended that he was not told that he
had to pay for the Shares. In fact, Koon Seng was never asked to pay for the
Shares until 26 March 2005. In all that time, the defendants took the benefit
of the financial assistance from Koon Seng. Furthermore, it was argued that
the defendants are estopped from denying that the Shares were allotted to Koon
Seng as fully paid up by virtue of statements in the various documents
available in the public domain. Koon Seng, therefore, alleges that the
forfeiture was wrongful in the circumstances. I should mention that Koon Seng
subsequently abandoned the contention that the April resolution was invalid in
that the signatures of Jagip Kaur and Raj were forged.

(2) The defendants’ case

12 In a common defence, the defendants denied that any such agreement as is
alleged by GKS and Koon Seng was made. There was no agreement to allow Koon
Seng to have the Shares in exchange for the loans and other forms of financial
assistance. Their case is that the provision of financial assistance for the
PSA Contract was separate from Koon Seng’s liability to pay for the Shares in
cash. There was no “package deal” as claimed by Koon Seng. Loans to Chenab to
defray the operating costs of the PSA Contract were repaid together with
interest. The defendants alleged that the agreement with GKS was for Koon Seng
to subscribe for 700,000 ordinary shares (representing 47% of the share
capital in Chenab) in order for Chenab to qualify to tender for a lucrative
contract to be awarded by the PSA for the supply of labour. The subscription
was to be the working capital needed for the PSA Contract. The pleaded case is
that Koon Seng was required to pay for the Shares at the time of allotment.
Koon Seng never paid for the Shares and as such, the April resolution to
forfeit the Shares was valid and effective. The forfeiture was neither
wrongful nor was it for a collateral purpose. Furthermore, no estoppel can
arise in circumstances where Koon Seng knew and accepted that it had not paid
for the Shares. Counsel for the defendants, Mr Winston Quek, distinguished on
the facts the case of _Wills v Jimah Rubber Estate Ltd_ [1911] 12 SLR 112, a
decision on share certificate estoppel which he drew to the court’s attention.
In that case, the plaintiff had arranged for someone to make the balance
payment for him and he had no reason to believe that the shares were not paid
for in full when the company issued the share certificate to him.

13 As a corollary to the forfeiture, pursuant to Art 42 of the Articles of
Association, Chenab seeks by way of counterclaim payment of $700,000 with
interest thereon at the rate of 8% per annum from 12 April 2005 to the date of
payment.

_The witnesses_

14 It is appropriate at this juncture to comment on the testimony and
reliability of the witnesses of fact.

(1) Koon Seng’s witnesses

15 GKS was the principal witness for Koon Seng. His animosity towards Raj was
plainly evident from his demeanour, his facial expression and body language.
GKS portrayed himself as someone with a genuine belief that he had been
wronged and was telling what he believed to be true, rather than seeking to
mislead the court. But that appearance by no means dispelled his conflicting
evidence. Like Raj, he was not averse to resorting to untruths to win. I did
not regard GKS to be a credible witness. There were, however, aspects of his
evidence that was accepted as they were either corroborated or related to a
fact which was common ground or was accepted by the other side in cross-
examination.

16 The next witness was Goh Teck Hua (“Goh”), the accounts manager of Koon
Seng. He spoke of being present at some of the meetings between Raj and GKS.
He testified that should Chenab secure the PSA Contract, Chenab would require
financial assistance to meet the operational costs of the PSA Contract, and
because of that, it was agreed that in exchange for the provision of financial
assistance, Koon Seng would get 700,000 shares. Not only did his testimony
have a sense of partiality towards Koon Seng, the reliability of his evidence
was further undermined in the face of inconsistencies in the testimony of GKS
which he came nowhere near dispelling. He was a witness with little to
contribute.

17 I now turn to the other witnesses called by Koon Seng, Pereira Denis
Kenneth (“Pereira”) and Harbans Singh s/o P Kishen Singh (“Harbans”). Pereira
was a former employee of Chenab and had worked closely with Raj. He was called
to lead evidence on the forgery point. His testimony would not have withstood
scrutiny given the expert’s evidence. In any event, forgery was no longer a
live issue as Koon Seng decided to drop its accusation that the directors’
signatures on the April resolution were forged. Harbans was the former chief
executive office of Chenab. He was called to testify on the motive behind the
call for payment of the Shares some five years after allotment. He said non-
payment was raised as a ploy to stop Koon Seng from winding up Chenab. It was
a tactic which had come up at a meeting with the defendants’ lawyers and
Harbans was present at that meeting. This allegation was denied by the
defendants. Mr Quek argued that Harbans’s story was untrue as the call was
made two days before the winding up petition was filed. I do not consider his
argument as a complete answer to Harbans’s story. Chenab had to wait for the
notice period to lapse, and in the interim, Koon Seng did not ignore the
demand. Mr Tan wrote to inform Mr Quek that Koon Seng was not paying as it was
under no liability to pay for the Shares. The debate continued in the
exchanges of correspondence. On 28 March 2005, the winding up petition was
filed. After expiry of the 14-day period, Chenab forfeited the Shares even
after the liability to pay was disputed.

(2) The defendants’ witnesses

18 Raj was the principal witness for Chenab. He was an argumentative witness
who preferred to give rhetorical answers when cross-examined. His own counsel
had described his oral testimony as “a little incoherent and sometimes
confused”. I must stress that this “incoherence” and “confusion” was not due
to his poor recollection of the evidence but more from the half-truths and
lies that was said in court having regard to the appearance the defendants
wanted to create to the court. The difficulty I have with his evidence (as I
shall explain later) is its complete incompatibility with the audited accounts
which he, in his capacity as director of Chenab, signed on the accompanying
Directors’ Report as being a true and fair reflection of the financials of the
company. His evidence on the alleged non-payment of the allotment turned out
to be false and deliberately misleading. I did not regard him as a credible
witness. He willingly participated in the deception of PSA through the use of
misleading documents.

19 The second witness for the defence was Raj Nita Dev (“Nita”). Nita was an
articulate and intelligent witness. She is Raj’s daughter. Her father
described her as the general manager of Chenab, a position she denies holding.
Despite downplaying her role to that of an assistant helping out in her
father’s company, she is plainly a witness who has a stake in the outcome of
this action. The reliability of her evidence was undermined in cross-
examination on the letter she wrote to GKS on 17 February 2006. Nita described
the letter she wrote to GKS as essentially “cosmetic”. In other words, she did
not mean what she said and her letter contained some truths, some half-truths
and even lies. She was defensive and evasive and whenever she was in a tight
corner, chose from a range of possible answers which she considered most
likely to assist, or least likely to damage the defendants’ case. In the
result, her oral testimony was incompatible with the sentiments expressed in
her letter, which were consistent with some aspects of the circumstances
prevailing prior to 26 March 2005. In any case, the letter’s relevance is in
the writer’s reference to, and hence recognition of, Koon Seng as Chenab’s 47%
shareholder of the PSA Contract.

20 The third witness of fact was Sim Kwan Liang (“Sim”). Sim is the sole
proprietor of HiPoint Management Consultancy. Sim provides book keeping
services to Chenab and has been the latter’s book keeper since 15 March 2002.
He checked on the matter of payment for the subscription in January 2005 upon
being asked to do so. He confirmed going through Chenab’s bank statements and
was unable to identify any direct payment received by Chenab for the Shares.
Consequently, he deduced that Koon Seng had not paid for the Shares. Sim’s
evidence was meant to corroborate Chenab’s case as presented but later found
to be gravely misleading and false.

_Summary of the issues in closing arguments_

21 By the end of the trial, the main question was whether the call to pay
$700,000 was validly made. In examining this poser, the debate centred on the
precise terms of the agreement to allot, which GKS, acting on behalf of Koon
Seng, entered into with Chenab, acting by Raj. Essentially, the court is asked
to decide whose version of the agreement to allot was more likely. As stated,
this is not to say that the court is confined to the version advanced by the
parties if, as was the case here, the evidence or the reading of it shows
otherwise. In any event, the further question that arises is whether, in the
circumstances, Koon Seng has sufficiently established a case for the relief
claimed, and if not whether, in the circumstances, Chenab has sufficiently
established a case for the counterclaim which is dependent upon the defence
succeeding.

22 In the course of Mr Tan’s closing submissions, I asked to see the audited
accounts for the other financial years since the defendants had only given
discovery of the audited accounts for the financial year ended 31 December
1999, and that set of audited accounts on its own was plainly inadequate for
it gave an incomplete picture. At the conclusion of Mr Tan’s closing
submissions, Mr Quek rose to explain that he did not have the audited accounts
with him. I was concerned that a resolution of the issues as presented by
counsel would be injudicious without sight of Chenab’s audited accounts for
the subsequent financial years. Directions were then given to the defendants
to give discovery and produce the audited accounts of the company right up to
the last set of audited accounts in 2002. If the accounts were not audited for
one reason or another, Chenab was to produce management accounts for the
particular financial year in question. I further directed (after the
defendants confirmed that the auditor of the company would not be called as a
witness for the defence) that the auditor, Lim Whay Yuan of Lim Whay Yuan & Co
(“Lim”), be summoned as a court’s witness to testify on the audited accounts.
The proceedings were adjourned to a date to be fixed.

**_Phase 2: The audited accounts_**

23 The adjourned hearing resumed on 26 June 2007. Mr Quek produced a bundle of
documents comprising the audited accounts for the financial years ended 31
December 1999, 2000 and 2001 respectively. Included in the same bundle of
documents were copies of the trial balances for 2000 and 2002, but not 2001.
Mr Quek explained that the missing trial balance was not with the defendants.
Lim took the stand and was questioned on the audited accounts.

24 Lim was not a helpful witness and was deliberately vague in his answers
relating to the paid up capital of $1.5m and the Shares reflected in the
audited accounts as fully paid. To be generous to Lim, I ascribed that
attitude to his desire to guard his own position as the audited accounts were
under scrutiny. Although I did reach the conclusion that the audited accounts
contained misleading statements, I need not go further than to find that the
audited accounts reflected the position as recorded in Chenab’s books of
accounts. The accounts are examined in [41] to [47].

25 On 3 July 2007, the parties tendered their respective submissions covering
the audited accounts and auditor’s testimony. I pause here to make an
observation. In the course of writing this judgment, I noticed that the ACRA
search exhibited in GKS’s affidavit of evidence-in-chief showed that the 2002
accounts were laid at the Annual General Meeting held on 27 August 2003. Yet,
the defendants, at the resumed hearing, omitted to produce a set of the
audited accounts for the financial year ended 31 December 2002.

**_Phase 3: The maxim ex turpi causa non oritur actio_**

26 Notwithstanding the battle lines drawn and arguments advanced by the
parties, the two conflicting accounts of the terms of the agreement to allot
each had its own difficulties. This will be explained later. In the meantime,
the point merits the following observations. First, it was by then apparent to
me that the true picture that emerged upon examining the evidence critically
was fundamentally different from the one each party had chosen to present to
the court. A vital point is that each party had chosen not to present the
whole truth to the court. Second, the documents discovered showed that an
allotment had been made to Koon Seng, albeit not the allotment based on the
agreement to allot that was now claimed before me. But, so far as they go, the
documents do, at least, as much harm to Koon Seng’s claim as they do to the
pleaded defence.

27 Given the problems observed and outlined in [26], the agreement to allot
itself is put in issue. Consequently, if the agreement to allot is held to be
a sham, the further question that arises is why the Shares were issued. If I
come to the conclusion that they were issued for the purpose of the PSA tender
and to deceive PSA, I have to consider whether the parties have fallen foul of
the maxim _ex turpi_ _causa non oritur actio_ (“the _ex turpi_ principle”).
With that in mind and having regard to the gravity of the potential
consequences (both civil and criminal), on 28 September 2007, I drew parties’
attention to the possibility that there might arise a factual outcome that is
different from the conflicting versions alleged before me. Consequently, the
parties were directed to submit on the following points:

(a) If the court rejects the conflicting versions of the agreement to allot,
what orders should the court make?

(b) Is the agreement to allot as claimed by either party contrary to the
company law? If so, what are the consequences, if any, of the illegality?

(c) Is the shareholding registered in the name of Koon Seng a sham? If so,
what are the consequences, if any, of the sham transaction?

In the context of those questions, I alluded to counsel to consider the
application of the _ex turpi_ principle in the event the agreement to allot is
adjudged to be _prima facie_ illegal. Illegality can arise if the agreement to
allot is prohibited by statute or, it may be rendered illegal at common law on
grounds of public policy. If the allotment was a sham, a fiction as it were,
the agreement to allot could also be held to be invalid and illegal. So the
query is whether this case is one in which the parties have fallen foul of the
_ex turpi_ principle so that the court on grounds of public policy would not
assist them since the relief claimed and the counterclaim were closely
connected with or inextricably bound up with the parties’ illegality or
unlawful conduct. Mr Quek tendered his submissions on 12 October 2007. Mr Tan
sent his in on 26 October 2007.

**_Ex turpi causa:_ the law**

_General principle_

28 It is convenient at this juncture to restate the principle of public policy
encapsulated in the _ex turpi_ principle. Under English law, a claim in
contract or in tort may be defeated on the ground of illegality or, _ex turpi
causa non oritur actio_. In fact, the _ex turpi_ principle is not confined to
any particular cause of action. Beldam LJ in _Clunis v Camden and Islington
Health Authority_ [1998] 2 WLR 902 observed that the _ex turpi_ principle was
not so limited to cases of tort. At 908, he said:

We do not consider that the public policy that the court will not lend its aid
to a litigant who relies on his own criminal or immoral act is confined to
particular causes of action.

29 The classic statement of the principle was by Lord Mansfield in _Holman v
Johnson_ [1775] 1 Cowp. 341 at 343:

No court will lend its aid to a man who founds his cause of action upon an
immoral or illegal act. If, from the plaintiff’s own stating or otherwise, the
cause of action appears to arise _ex turpi causa,_ or the transgression of a
positive law of this country there the court says he has no right to be
assisted.

The ex turpi principle arises where the plaintiff seeks to, or is forced to
found his claim on an illegal contract or to plead its illegality in order to
support his claim. The ex turpi principle also extends to conduct which,
though not legally prohibited, is nevertheless prohibited as contrary to
public policy. A fundamental bar to success based on public policy
consideration, where the grant of relief to the claimant would enable him to
benefit from his criminal conduct, is best seen in the leading case of
Beresford v Royal Insurance Co Ltd [1938] AC 586. The principle of public
policy that is infringed by the enforcement of, for instance, the contract or
gift is the principle that no court would assist a criminal to derive benefit
from his crime (as to which see Lord Atkin at 598).

30 Ultimately, in applying the _ex turpi_ principle, the authorities support
the pragmatic approach described by Bingham LJ (as he then was) in _Saunders v
Edwards_ [1987] 1 WLR 1116 at 1134:

Where the plaintiff’s action in truth arises directly _ex turpi cause_ , he is
likely to fail …Where the plaintiff has suffered a genuine wrong, to which the
allegedly unlawful conduct is incidental he is likely to succeed.

**_Circumstances in which the ex turpi principle is invoked_**

_The four guiding propositions_

31 Bearing in mind the court’s pragmatic approach to the application of the
_ex turpi_ principle, depending on the circumstances, the court may invoke of
its own motion the _ex turpi_ principle (see _Snell v Unity Finance Co Ltd_
[1964] 2 QB 203 at 212 to 213). This can happen if the illegality is plain
from the arrangement before it or, if all the relevant facts have been adduced
and the court is satisfied that the evidence proves the illegality (see
_Chettiar v Chettiar_ [1962] AC 294). As a guide, the House of Lords in
_North-Western Salt Company v Electrolytic Alkali Company Ltd_ [1914] AC 461
set out four propositions which Delvin J restated in _Edler v Auerbach_ [1950]
1 KB 359, an authority cited by Mr Quek. Mr Tan relied on _Chitty on
Contracts_ (Sweet & Maxwell, 27th Ed, 1994) at para 16-174 for the same point.
The four propositions are:

(a) Where a contract is _ex facie_ illegal, the court will not enforce it,
whether the illegality is pleaded or not.

(b) Where the contract is not _ex facie_ illegal, evidence of extraneous
circumstances tending to show that it has an illegal object should not be
admitted unless the circumstance relied on are pleaded.

(c) Where facts not pleaded which taken by themselves show an illegal
objective, have been revealed in evidence (because, perhaps no objection was
raised or because they were adduced for some other purpose), the court should
not act on them unless it is satisfied that the whole of the relevant
circumstances are before it.

(d) Where the court is satisfied that all the relevant facts are before it and
it can see clearly from them that the contract had an illegal object, it may
not enforce the contract, whether the facts were pleaded or not.

32 The fourth proposition finds expression and is applied in the case of
_Lewis & Queen v NM Ball & Sons_ (1957) 48 Cal. 2d 141. The illegality there
did not arise from the pleadings and the defendants did not raise it in their
defence, but the court raised the illegality of its own motion and dismissed
the action on that ground. The plaintiffs there argued on appeal (and that too
was Mr Quek’s contention) that the trial court should not have raised the
issue of illegality because it should have confined its findings to the issues
raised by the pleadings. The court rejected the contention and at 147-148
Traynor J said:

Whatever the state of the pleadings, when the evidence shows that the
plaintiff in substance seeks to enforce an illegal contract or recover
compensation for an illegal act, the court has both the power and the duty to
ascertain the true facts in order that it may not unwittingly lend its
assistance to the consummation or encouragement of what public policy forbids
… It is immaterial that the parties, whether by inadvertence or consent, even
at the trial do not raise the issue. The court may do so of its own motion
when the testimony produces evidence of illegality.

33 Similarly, in _Cross v Kirby_ , unreported, 18 February 2000 (cited in
_Stone & Rolls Ltd (in Liquidation) v Moore Stephens (A Firm) and another_
[2007] EWHC 1826), Beldam LJ (with whose judgment Otton LJ agreed) at para 76
explained the circumstances in which the court of its own motion will apply
the _ex turpi_ principle in the following words:

I do not believe that there is any general principle that the claimant must
either plead, give evidence of or, rely on his own illegality for the
principle to apply. Such a technical approach is entirely absent from Lord
Mansfield’s exposition of the principle. I would, however, accept that for the
principle to operate the claim made by the claimant must arise out of criminal
or illegal conduct on his part. In this context, “arise out of” clearly
denotes a causal connection with the conduct, a view which is implicit in such
different cases as Lane v Holloway [[1968] 1 QB 379] and the recent case to
which were referred in this court, Standard and Chartered Bank v Pakistan
National Shipping Corporation & Ors, Court of Appeal transcript, Friday 3
December 1999. In my view the principle applies when the claimant’s claim is
so closely connected or inextricably bound up with his own criminal or illegal
conduct that the court could not permit him to recover without appearing to
condone that conduct.

34 In a similar vein, Judge LJ at para 103 said:

In my judgment, where the claimant is behaving unlawfully, or criminally, on
the occasion when his cause of action in tort arises, his claim is not liable
to be defeated _ex turpi causa_ unless it is also established that the facts
which give rise to it are inextricably linked with is criminal conduct.

_Material considerations to applying the four propositions_

35 A material consideration is whether the claimant has to plead or rely on
his own illegal conduct in order to found the claim. In _Tinsley v Milligan_
[1994] 1 AC 340, the plaintiff and the defendant had purchased a property from
joint funds on the understanding that they were joint beneficial owners but
vested it in the sole name of the plaintiff to assist the defendant, with the
connivance of the plaintiff, in continuing to make false benefit claims. The
monies obtained contributed in only a small way to the acquisition of the
equity in the property in which the parties lived. The defendant had an attack
of conscience and confessed to the fraud. The parties quarrelled and the
plaintiff moved out. The plaintiff then sought to claim possession of the
property asserting that she was sole owner of it. The defendant counterclaimed
for a declaration that the property was held by the plaintiff in trust for the
parties in equal shares. The majority decision was firmly founded on a
property right and the ability to claim it without being “forced to plead or
rely on illegality”. The _ratio_ of the case is that a party cannot rely on
his own illegality in order to prove his equitable right.

36 Clarke LJ in _Timothy Hewison v Meridian Shipping_ _and Another_ [2002]
EWCA Civ 1821(“ _Hewison_ ”), put forward a broad test for the _ex turpi_
principle to apply, namely whether is the claim or the relevant part of it
based substantially (and not therefore collaterally or insignificantly) on an
unlawful act. Tuckey LJ (at para 51) in accepting the virtues of the broad
test said:

Such a broad test has the merit of simplicity. It does not involve the judge
having to make very specific and difficult value judgments about precisely how
serious the misconduct is or whether it would result in imprisonment or
whether the claimant’s loss is disproportionate to his misconduct.

37 Finally, Langley J in _Stone & Rolls Ltd (in Liquidation) v Moore Stephens
(A Firm) and another_ [2007] EWHC 1826 at para 43 after reviewing the
authorities helpfully drew together the various judicial statements on the
application of the _ex turpi_ principle and concluded as follows:

The conclusion I draw from these authorities is that the ex turpi maxim
requires a “reliance test” to be satisfied. The claim must be “founded on” or
“arise from” an illegal act of the claimant (Lord Mansfield) or the illegal
act must necessarily be pleaded or relied upon to sustain the claim (_Tinsley
v Milligan_) or to put forward the case (_Clunis_) or the facts which give
rise to the claim are “inextricably linked with” the illegality (_Cross v
Kirby_ per Judge LJ). The contrast is with a claim to which illegality is only
“collateral” or “insignificant: (_Hewison_) or “incidental” (Bingham LJ). It
is also acceptable that only part of a claim or loss is defeated by the maxim
(_Hewison_).

38 All those propositions provide valuable guidance. They were uttered in
cases where the issue was whether the claimant was entitled to bring his claim
notwithstanding his own illegal act or conduct. Moreover, the intention of the
parties is a relevant consideration whenever the question of illegality arises
(as to which see Chao Hick Tin JA in _Siow Soon Kim and others v Lim Eng Beng
@ Lim Jia Le_ [2004] SGCA 4 at para 39 where he noted the dicta of L P Thean J
(as he then was) in _Suntoso Jacob v Kang Miao Ming_ [1986] SLR 59 (“ _Suntoso
Jacob_ ”) at 65). Finally, it is a question of fact and degree where the line
is to be drawn in any particular case. In judging where the line is to be
drawn, it is important to remember that the law is rooted in public policy.

Discussion and analysis of the evidence

39 As stated, based on the pleaded case and initial submissions advanced on
behalf of the respective parties in Phase 1, the case was presented as one
that turned in essence upon a single factual question: “what was said, and (if
anything) agreed between GKS and Raj prior to Chenab securing the PSA
Contract.” No notes of the discussions between GKS and Raj were taken. Neither
was the alleged agreement to allot reduced to writing, so that, at first
sight, the case turned upon the recollection by the witnesses of events which
took place more than six years ago. The evidence of the supporting witnesses
did not bear directly on what was discussed and eventually agreed between GKS
and Raj. I have already commented on the witnesses and the evidential value of
their testimonies.

40 Significantly, the information gathered from the audited accounts and trial
balances revealed a picture different from the one each party had chosen to
present to the court. Raj as a director of the company had in the Directors’
Report to the 1999 audited accounts confirmed in the accompanying statement
that the balance sheet and profit and loss account together with the
explanatory notes “[were] drawn up so as to give a true and fair view of the
state of affairs of the Company at 31 December 1999 and of the results of the
business of the Company for the year ended on that date.” It bears noting that
the defendants did not proffer any explanation as to why the entire share
capital of $1.5m was described as allotted and fully paid, when their case, as
argued by Mr Quek, is that Koon Seng did not pay cash for the Shares. In
response to Koon Seng’s case that the Shares were given in exchange for
financial assistance, Mr Quek suggested that, if anything, Koon Seng should
have converted part of the loans in the sum of $700,000 into equity as opposed
to receiving full discharge of the loans together with interest. Raj simply
said he trusted GKS to pay for the Shares. I will later elaborate on Mr Quek’s
incomprehensible attempts to persuade me to take a different view of, or to
ignore the evidence in the audited accounts which on an objective reading of
the balance sheet and the evidence as a whole ostensibly showed at least
inferentially, and at best without any ambiguity that the Shares were paid
for. Suffice it to say, the statements in the audited account were side-
stepped and the court was asked to focus on Sim’s testimony and the bank
statements. At any rate, that is also not the end of the matter for the
reasons discussed below.

**_Analysis of the audited accounts_**

41 The position as gathered from the trial balances for 1st January 2000 and
1st January 2002 and the audited accounts from the financial year ended 31
December 1999, 2000 and 2001 may be summarised as follows. The Shares were
allotted at par for cash. They were described in the audited accounts as
“issued and fully paid”. In the audited accounts for the financial year ended
31 December 1999, _a director_ borrowed money from the company and that loan,
as I have been able to ascertain, was to pay for the Shares identified as
“Share account–Goh KS” in the trial balance as at 1 January 2000. By the
financial year ended 2000, the “Share account–Goh KS” and the “Share
account–Rajdev Singh” were wiped out as they no longer appeared in the trial
balance of 1 January 2002. Put another way, the “Share a/c Goh KS” and “Share
a/c – Rajdev Singh” were no longer shown under the debit column as debts owing
to the company by _a director_ in the opening balance as at 1 January 2002.
Two other items of indebtedness to the company, namely the Indian Investment
project and Chenab Construction, which were previously included in the total
amount of $911,633 owing to the company by _a director_ with no fixed terms of
repayment, were reclassified as “Other debtors”. The only reasonable inference
from the evidence is that either money had been paid and received in respect
of Shares or by way of a set-off in respect of a liability or liabilities
incurred by the company to the director in question.

42 I now examine the audited accounts to flesh out the scheme adopted in
connection with the increase of the paid up capital and allotment summary
outlined in [41].

43 I begin with an examination of the 1999 audited accounts. The entry in
respect of Chenab’s share capital was stated as $1.5m “issued and fully paid”.
The following explanation was provided in the audited accounts:

The authorised capital of the Company was increased to S$2,000,000 by the
creation of an additional 1,700,000 ordinary shares of $1 each. In addition, a
further 1,250,000 ordinary shares of S$1 each were allotted to shareholders at
par for cash for the purpose of raising working capital. These shares issued
ranked _pari passu_ with the existing shares then in issue.

44 Chenab allotted 700,000 ordinary shares to Koon Seng on 15 November 1999.
Raj’s shareholding was increased by 550,000 shares to 799,999 as at 31
December 1999. Interestingly, the balance sheet as at 31 December 1999 in so
far as relevant reflected the following set of figures:

|  Note |  1999 |  1998  
---|---|---|---  
Share Capital and Reserves |  |  S$ |  S$  
Share capital |  2 |  1,500,000 |  250,000  
Accumulated losses |  |  (375,143) |  (207,657)  
|  |  \---------- |  \-----------  
|  |  1,124,857 |  42,343  
|  |  ======== |  =======  
Represented by:- |  |  |   
FIXED ASSETS |  3 |  294,500 |  222,599  
CURRENT ASSETS |  |  |   
Trade debtors |  |  667,428 |  414,266  
Other debtors |  |  31,269 |  26,268  
Due by directors/shareholders |  |  |   
(non-trade) |  4 |  911,633 |  _  
Cash at bank |  |  |  14,163  
|  |  \---------- |  \----------  
|  |  1,610,330 |  454,697  
|  |  \---------- |  \----------  
Less |  |  |   
CURRENT LIABILITIES |  |  |   
Trade Creditors |  |  515,145 |  298,864  
Accruals |  |  132,582 |  148,116  
Due to a director (non-trade) |  4 |  - |  164,151  
Hire Purchase creditors - due within 12 months |  5 |  39,395 |  23,822  
Bank debit balance |  |  42,405 |  _  
|  |  \---------- |  \-----------  
|  |  729,527 |  634,953  
|  |  \---------- |  \----------  
NET CURRENT ASSETS |  |  880,803 |  (180,256)  
|  |  \---------- |  \---------  
Less |  |  1,175,303 |  42,343  
NON CURRENT LIABILITY |  |  |   
Hire purchase creditors – due after 12 months |  5 |  (50,446) |  _  
|  |  \---------- |  \----------  
|  |  1,124,857 |  42,343  
|  |  ======== |  ======  
  
45 The figure of $911,633 was reflected on the balance sheet as an amount “Due
by directors/shareholders (non-trade)” and the important explanatory note to
this entry is note 4. Explanatory note 4 is headed “DUE BY (TO) A DIRECTOR
(NON-TRADE) and the note reads:

The amount due _by_ /(to) _a director_ are unsecured, free of interest and
there is (_sic_) no fixed terms of repayment.

[emphasis added]

46 Notably, as shown on the balance sheet, no money was owed by the company
_to_ the directors/shareholders. It follows that explanatory note 4 relates
specifically to money (_ie_ $911,633) that was owed _by_ _a_ _director_ to
Chenab. Who then is this director? GKS was never a director of Chenab. The
only two directors were Raj and his wife, Jagip Kaur. The loan was most
probably made to Raj as Jagip Kaur was only involved in the company in
name.[note: 2] She remained a director even after their divorce.[note: 3] On
the face of the audited accounts, and on a proper interpretation of the
document, Raj took a loan from the company for the share allotment of 700,000.
The sum of $911,633 was the net figure arrived at after deducting the
following items (see trial balance as of 1 January 2000):

|  Dr |  Cr  
---|---|---  
|  S$ |  S$  
India Investment project |  29,000.00 |   
Loan - Chenab Construction |  127,466.45 |   
Share a/c – Goh KS |  700,000.00 |   
Share a/c – Rajdev Singh |  550,000.00 |   
Loan a/c - Rajdev Singh |  |  411, 776.32  
Loan a/c – Rajdev Singh |  |  83, 057.04  
  
Lim clarified, and it was accepted by the defendants, that the figure of
$911,633 is inclusive of the $700,000 described as “Share a/c–Goh KS”.

47 On its face, the balance sheet as at 31 December 2000 indicated that figure
of $911,633 was reduced to $837,410. Again, Lim and the defendants accepted
that the sum of $700,000 was included in the figure of $837,410. No opening
balance as at 1 January 2001 was furnished. However, the sum of $837,410 was
not featured in the balance sheet as at 31 December 2001. It appeared to have
been wiped out. In contrast, the company now owed $181,838 to the _directors_.
The directors in question were identified as Raj and Jagip Kaur. This is
evident from the opening balance as at 1 January 2002 where the amount owing
by the company _to_ Raj was stated as $162,989.61 and _to_ Jagip Kaur, the sum
of $18,848. Lim confirmed that the Shares have been paid for. Mr Quek accepted
that on the face of the accounting documents, the Shares have been paid for.
But that did not stop him from pressing the point that no actual cash payment
was given. I shall discuss his point later.

**_Difficulties with the plaintiff’s version of the facts_**

48 Each side invited me to accept their version of the agreement. In
particular, I do not accept that there was a specified _quid pro quo_ bargain
for Koon Seng to be given the Shares in Chenab in return for a promise of
financial assistance for the PSA Contract. On this, GKS’s evidence was not
corroborated by any other evidence, oral or documentary. GKS, as Mr Quek
rightly pointed out, had difficulty characterising the funding for the PSA
Contract. In his written testimony, the funding was characterised as loans. In
the witness box, GKS contradicted his written testimony when he termed the
funding as an investment which is about injecting capital into a company in
return for equity (whether for himself or Koon Seng) as opposed to making a
loan to Chenab thereby becoming a creditor. In the end, the position adopted
in closing submissions was that financial assistance in the form of, _inter
alia_ , loans were given to Chenab. Separately, Koon Seng’s other contention,
which Raj accepted, is that GKS was interested in only the PSA Contract and
not the other contracts given to Chenab. Koon Seng was entitled to 47% of the
profits from PSA Contract. In addition, Koon Seng had no director on the
Chenab board. The extrinsic facts reinforce the view that Koon Seng’s 47%
interest was only in the profits of the PSA Contract as opposed to ownership
of the company (see [61] below).

**_Difficulties with the defendants’ version of the facts_**

49 Putting aside the audited accounts for a moment, I note that even on the
defendants’ pleaded defence, there are difficulties. First, the plea was that
Koon Seng had to pay for the Shares upon allotment. In contrast, Raj testified
that the Shares were expected to be paid in March 2000 before the start of the
PSA project. His oral testimony contradicted the version in his written
testimony.[note: 4] The upshot is that the pleaded case is not supported by
Raj’s inconsistent evidence.

50 Second, aspects of the defendants’ conduct prior to forfeiture seemingly
undermined their own defence. It must be remembered that the call was made
five years after its due date (_ie_ the date of allotment). Article 38 of the
Articles of Association allows for interest to accrue from the date of
allotment to the date of payment. The analysis is the same even on Raj’s
evidence that the Shares were to be paid by March 2000. It is self-evident
from the notice of 26 March 2005 that Chenab did not claim interest on the
unpaid sum of $700,000. Again, Mr Quek’s demand for payment of $700,000
(issued after forfeiture of the Shares) did not include a claim for interest.
This omission is significant for the reason that the interest (whether accrued
or prospective) claimable under Art 38 (and read with Art 19) is tied to the
alleged liability to pay for the Shares. If what Raj said was true and not an
afterthought, as a matter of common experience and business sense, the demand
letters would have included a claim for interest.

51 Third, no satisfactory reason was forthcoming as to why Chenab, out of the
blue after a lapse of five years, suddenly demanded payment for the Shares. I
did not accept Raj’s explanation that he had trusted GKS to pay for the Shares
but Koon Seng did not, implying that Raj knew all along that it was not paid.
He later appeared to contradict himself in cross-examination when he claimed
that he thought GKS had paid but found out it was not paid after Sim checked
the bank statements. This was about the time Sim raised some discrepancies in
the PSA accounts. The close relationship between GKS and Raj turned sour, but
I make no finding as to when and how that occurred.

52 Reverting to the audited accounts, Raj’s evidence that the Shares were
unpaid contradicted the position in Chenab’s audited accounts for the
financial years 2000 and 2001. From explanatory note 4 to the balance sheet as
at 31 December 1999, there is nothing in the contractual term in relation to
the loan to Raj which made it repayable as a matter of law otherwise than on
demand. The loan to Raj appeared to have been subsequently repaid, either by
money paid and received or by a set-off in respect of a liability or
liabilities incurred by the company to Raj (see [47] above). Contrary to Mr
Quek’s submissions arising from a mischaracterisation of the issue, the burden
of proof is on Raj as the borrower and Chenab as lender to establish what has
become of the loan, _ie_ has it been paid, set off against a liability or
liabilities of the company, written off or otherwise. In the case involving a
loan and where the issue is whether there has been repayment, the onus rests
upon the defendant to prove that the debt was repaid (see _Young v Queensland
Trustees Ltd_ [1956] 99 CLR 560). Raj proffered no explanation. Little
assistance could be derived from the defendants’ defence or affidavit of
evidence-in-chief.

53 Whilst Mr Quek conceded in his submissions that the audited accounts showed
that the Shares were paid for, he continued to press the point that Chenab’s
bank statements did not show any cash payment of $700,000. Unless explained
and clarified by the defendants, the reader would infer from the audited
accounts that entries in the books of accounts were made and accorded with the
intention that all the issued shares of Chenab were fully paid. Accordingly,
matching debit entries were made to supposedly balance the books. In drawing
up and auditing Chenab’s balance sheets the company was reflecting the
treatment in the company’s books that all the issued shares were fully paid.
It seems to me that objectively speaking this amounted to payment for the
Shares “in cash” for the purposes of the allotment in accordance with the
structure set up by Chenab in its audited accounts. Payment was ostensibly
satisfied by this approach. It constituted money paid and received in respect
of the Shares.

54 However, as pointed out, the accounts do cry out for some explanation if
the defendants’ defence is to be given any credence. There was no explanation
from the defendants. If anything, on the face of the audited accounts, it
should have been Raj asking for repayment rather than Chenab. There was no
explanation for the loan from Chenab. In reality, any meaningful explanation
would have been difficult for the audited accounts were accepted as a true and
fair presentation of the financial state of the company. In fact, Raj and his
wife as directors whose approval and consent of the true and fair presentation
of the accounts had sanctioned the statement in the audited accounts to the
effect that the paid up capital was $1.5m and the Shares were fully paid. It
is also a fact, consistent with the position reflected in the audited
accounts, that Koon Seng or GKS never received audit confirmation of the
balances from Chenab’s auditors for any money due under the “Share account–Goh
KS” or for the Shares _per se_. I have already pointed out that Raj had not
satisfactorily explained what triggered the issuance of the notice to pay in
2005. In these circumstances, the defendants had to resort to the cash
argument and Sim’s testimony based on the bank statements which was of limited
evidential value. Mr Quek’s point that the loans from Koon Seng to fund the
PSA Contract were fully paid with interest does nothing to aid Chenab’s case
of non-payment. Arguably, repayment of the Koon Seng loans in full with
interest is consistent with the position reflected in the audited accounts.

55 I should add that Mr Quek relied on the 15 November 1999 resolution (“the
1999 resolution”) to corroborate the defendants’ case that Koon Seng had
agreed to pay for the Shares in cash. The 1999 resolution reads as follows:

Directors’ Resolution in Writing

Allotment of Shares

Resolved that, pursuant to the approval granted by the company in General
Meeting on 15 November 1999, 1,000,000 ordinary shares of $1.00 each in the
Company be and are hereby issued and allotted for cash at par to the following
persons in the manner set out below and that such shares shall rank pari passu
in all respects with the existing issued shares of the Company, and subject to
the payment of the consideration therefore, share certificates be issued to
the allottees under the Common Seal of the Company which shall be affixed
thereto, signed by a Director and countersigned by the Secretary or by a
second Director.

Name of Allottees |  Number of Shares of $1.00 each  
---|---  
Koon Seng Construction Pte Ltd |  700,000  
Raj Dev s/o Ram Singh |  300,000  
|  \------------  
|  1,000,000  
  
Dated this

Signed Raj Dev S/O Ram Singh Jagip Kaur D/O Dhian Singh

56 The 1999 resolution was for the issuance of 700,000 ordinary shares
allotted for cash at par to Koon Seng and 300,000 ordinary shares to Raj. The
defendants argued that the 1999 resolution was contemporaneous evidence which
supported the defendants’ position that the agreement between Chenab and GKS
was that Koon Seng would pay cash for the allotment. In my judgment, for the
reasons explained below, the 1999 resolution was, and I so find, a step in the
erection of a mere façade. The allotment of the Shares was, and I so find, a
segment of the same façade.

**_A different factual picture and the legal consequences_**

57 Putting matters in perspective, the proper conclusion on the evidence
before the court is that on, a balance of probabilities, there was never any
intention on the part of Raj and GKS that Raj or Koon Seng would actually
expend money of his or its own, either in a lump sum or by way of instalments
to meet some deferred payment arrangement. Instead, payment for the Shares
would be achieved by some kind of paper exercise. Raj and GKS were well aware
that this was the situation, and indeed the intention with which the
arrangements were entered into was mutual. This paper exercise was designed to
make it appear that the Shares had been paid in cash when in truth they had
not been. The defendants faxed on 16 September 2000, the ROC search as proof
that the Shares were allotted to Koon Seng. Chenab had on paper presented an
appearance of capital adequacy in the accounts of Chenab to qualify for the
PSA tender.

58 On the face of the accounting documents, Chenab’s loan to Raj was to pay
for the subscription of the Shares. Such a loan _prima facie_ constitutes
financial assistance by the company in the acquisition of the allotment
contrary to s 76 of the Companies Act (see _Walter Woon on Company Law_ ,
(Sweet & Maxwell, 3rd Ed, 2005) at paras 12.37 and 12.38). So long as the loan
was made, it is irrelevant that the loan was not made to the recipient of the
share (see _Juniper Pty Ltd v Grausom_ reported in 8 ACLR 212).

59 As with the other things, the loan was also a paper exercise. It did not
make sense that the defendants would openly admit (and that was apparent on
the face of the audited accounts) to a breach of s76 which carries with it
penal liabilities unless there was, in reality, never a loan by Chenab to Raj.
In fact, there is extrinsic evidence supporting this conclusion. There is no
doubt, on the evidence, that the structure as shown in the audited accounts,
which described 700,000 shares as fully paid in cash by way of a loan from the
company to _a director_ , was nothing more than the scheme chosen to implement
the common intention of the parties that no money was to change hands. In my
view, the allotment to raise Chenab’s share capital to $1.5m was a paper
exercise which generated paper liabilities in the audited accounts which, in
my judgment, were not real. I reached this conclusion based on the following
reasons.

60 I start first with the factual position as accepted by the parties that
there was to be no direct cash or cheque payment of $700,000 for the Shares.
The predicament of the company at that time was well known to both GKS and
Raj. It was recognised that the company needed substantial financial
assistance to fund the PSA Contract. Raj admitted that he needed financial
assistance from GKS. It is not disputed that Raj had no capital and that was
his reason for involving GKS as Koon Seng would have to bankroll the PSA
Contract for at least six months. Raj estimated the operating costs of the PSA
Contract to be about $700,000 to $900,000 for at least six months before
seeing any money from the PSA Contract.[note: 5] GKS had made it clear that he
was not so foolish as to inject $700,000 into a company that had little or no
assets. More importantly, as GKS was not a director of Chenab, he and Koon
Seng would, more probably than not, wish to guard against any capital injected
into the company being used for the other contracts of the company which Koon
Seng was not interested in. Besides, until Chenab secured the PSA Contract,
GKS would not want to put any money into the company. But without a paid up
capital of $1.5m, Chenab was not eligible for the tender. This dilemma was
overcome by the company increasing the paid up capital without any actual cash
injection. I am not persuaded by Mr Tan’s contention that GKS did not know
that Chenab was not going to put in cash for the capitalisation. How was Raj
able to put up the cash for the equity? Raj to the knowledge of GKS had no
capital and needed his financial assistance. Notably, GKS testified that he
left the paperwork to Raj who had informed him that he had spoken to some
consultants. By that he meant and was saying that a person with financial
expertise would be able to find a way in which the Shares could be issued as
fully paid shares without money actually changing hands. Even though GKS may
not have a precise idea of how it was to be done, he expected the paperwork to
be done. Raj testified that he gave instructions to Ideal Commercial to issue
fully paid up shares. It is sufficient for the purpose of this analysis of the
evidence to note that Raj was the provider of the information recorded in the
Annual Return and as to its accuracy and meaning, as to Ideal Commercial’s
instructions and the latter’s involvement in its preparation and
implementation.

61 Second, it is important to bear in mind that Koon Seng was only interested
in the PSA Contract and not the other contracts secured by Chenab. This fact
was accepted by Raj. It was also accepted that save for the PSA Contract, Koon
Seng had no share of the profits of the company. Koon Seng’s share of the
profits from the PSA Contract was 47%. The cumulative effect of these facts
taken together led to Mr Quek making the point that Koon Seng had “admitted
that they are not in a real sense, shareholders of the company because the
Plaintiffs are only entitled to 47 % share of the profits of the PSA contract
… and not any other contracts or profits of the company.”[note: 6] There is
merit in his contention which is tantamount to a shift from the common premise
at the outset of the proceedings that Koon Seng was a shareholder of Chenab
until the Shares were forfeited in 2005. Mr Tan has inasmuch confirmed Mr
Quek’s point. He said that the reason why Koon Seng did not buy the Shares
with cash was because Koon Seng was not interested in the other contracts of
the company and that Koon Seng’s interest was only limited to the PSA
Contract.[note: 7] Quite clearly, the situation would have been different had
a separate class of shares been issued to give effect to Koon Seng’s interest
in only the PSA Contract.

62 In these circumstances, the situation that emerged from the evidence is
that the allotment to raise Chenab’s share capital to $1.5m was not real.
Allied to the false figure of $1.5m was the implicit representation about the
underlying fact of the Shares having been allotted as fully paid in cash. The
words “issued and fully paid” in the audited accounts were intended and not
used in error. The accounts were not true and fair if they were misleading by
reason of material misstatements that generally resulted in overstatement of
assets, equities and profits and material understatement of liabilities and
losses. The Annual Return left no room for doubt that the Shares were to be
paid for in cash and as that was done no money was outstanding and subject to
a call. But as I reasoned, having regard to the paper liabilities generated by
the paper exercise undertaken, I find that these false statements offend ss
199 and 401 of the Companies Act. Consequently, I find that the apparent
receipt of cash for the allotment of the 700,000 shares by way of set-off as
suggested in the audited accounts and trial balances was dishonest, misleading
or deceptive in a material way.

63 It follows from the above findings that there was no agreement to allot on
the terms alleged by each party. On the further question why the Shares were
issued, my conclusion is that they were issued for the purpose of the PSA
tender and to mislead the PSA into thinking that Chenab’s paid up capital was
$1.5m and, hence, was eligible to tender for a labour supply contract called
by the PSA. Plainly, the share capital of $1.5m was a sham transaction in the
sense described by Lord Diplock in _Snook v London & West Riding Investments
Ltd_ [1967] 2 QB 786 at 802:

I apprehend that, if [sham] has any meaning in law, it means acts done or
documents executed by the parties to the “sham” which are intended by them to
give to third parties or to the court the appearance of creating between the
parties legal rights and obligations different from the actual legal rights
and obligations (if any) which the parties intend to create. But one thing, I
think, is clear in legal principle, morality and the authorities … that _for
acts or documents to be a “sham”, with whatever legal consequences follow from
this, all the parties thereto must have a common intention that the acts or
documents are not to create the legal rights and obligations which they give
the appearance of creating._ No unexpressed intentions of a “shammer” affect
the rights of a party whom he deceived.

[emphasis added]

64 Of significance is the common intention of the parties that despite outward
appearances, the acts or documents were not meant to create legal rights and
obligations. Selvam J in _TKM (Singapore) Pte Ltd v Export Credit Insurance
Corporation of Singapore Ltd_ [1993] 1 SLR 1041 at 1058 restated the
applicable test:

To ascertain whether the documents represent the true relationship between the
parties the following test as laid down by Lindley LJ in [_Yorkshire Wagon Co
v Maclure_ (1881) 19 Ch D 478) and Diplock LJ in [_Snook v London and West
Riding Investments Ltd_ [1967] 2 QB 786] may be formulated: Whether the
documents were intended to create legal relationships and whether the parties
did actually act according to the apparent purpose and tenor of the documents.

65 In my judgment and I so find that in so far as the status of Koon Seng as
shareholder was concerned, it was not the parties’ intention to create the
normal and expected rights and obligations for unpaid calls as shareholder. I
am of the view, and I so find, that GKS knew of the paper exercise. The
paperwork was a façade created to satisfy PSA’s tender requirements. The
allotment of the Shares was, and I so find, a segment of the same façade. The
pretence, in my judgment, was accepted and acted upon by both parties and that
is, _inter alia_ , sufficient to satisfy the elements of a sham transaction
(see [64] above). The conclusion that the allotment to Koon Seng was a paper
exercise with no intention by the parties that property in the Shares would
pass to Koon Seng is supported by other salient facts:

(a) Koon Seng did not have any representation on the board of directors of
Chenab and GKS was given financial control over the PSA Contract from his
appointment as the sole authorised signatory of the UOB account designated for
the PSA Contract; and

(b) At the time of the allotment, the relationship between GKS and Raj was a
close one.

66 Plainly, the PSA was being seriously misinformed of the capital asset of
the company. In fact, Raj admitted that Chenab had hoodwinked PSA. This was
what he said in cross-examination:[note: 8]

Q: And we say Mr Goh at that point in time was not interested in the other
contracts that you had developed, okay, making him … a 47% shareholder means
he has a share in all these other contracts. It doesn’t make sense, does it?
You don’t want him to be involved in the other contracts.

…

A: Mr Ronnie, first place, Mr Goh did not comply with PSA requirement to raise
the capital ... to 700,000 at $1 each, you know. Anyway, we hoodwinked PSA
also.

Q: You hoodwinked PSA? How did you …

A: You see, Chenab hoodwinked PSA. Because to raise the capital 1.5 million,
other commission, right, in fact I took other commission. We should have …
thinking that he will pay later.

In re-examination, Raj attempted to change his testimony by saying that it was
GKS and not he, who had hoodwinked the PSA as GKS did not pay for the
Shares.[note: 9] In my judgment, both the defendants and Koon Seng acting by
GKS hoodwinked the PSA.

67 I have already said that GKS and Raj were not credible witnesses. Bluntly
put, GKS and Raj were ready to lie and did lie when it suited them in order to
present to the court the picture each had chosen to portray. The explanations
they put forward were inconsistent and not credible when tested against a fact
which is common ground or not in issue. As I found, the purported allotment of
700,000 shares was a sham. There is no valid underlying basis for a claim by
Koon Seng that the Shares were the property of Koon Seng. The relief claimed
is, therefore, unfounded. Equally, Chenab’s defence and counterclaim fails for
the same reason. Plainly, the parties have not established on a balance of
probabilities their respective pleaded case. Consequently, I dismiss the
action and as a corollary of my decision, the counterclaim is also dismissed.

**_Is the claim for the forfeited shares to revert to Koon Seng closely
connected with the unlawful conduct_**

68 Separately, I see no reason why the ex turpi principle should not apply
here bearing in mind the principles set out in [28] to [38] above. All the
relevant facts are before the court from which a decision can be properly made
on whether the parties had fallen foulof the _ex turpi_ principle. The court’s
refusal upon grounds of public policy to lend its assistance is a separate
reason for a dismissal of the relief claimed and counterclaim.

69 Mr Tan submits that Koon Seng was unaware of the illegal manner in which
the paid up capital was increased. It was the defendants who had contravened
the Companies Act and not Koon Seng. The latter should not be penalised for
the defendants’ wrongdoing, there being no complicity in the affair on the
part of Koon Seng. Mr Quek’s position is that the arrangement or share
transaction between Raj and GKS was not illegal nor was it against public
policy. In any case, not only was illegality not pleaded, there was no
illegality on the face of the contract for the court take cognisance.

70 In this case, as a matter of construction it is not the intention of
Parliament that breaches of ss 199 and 401 of the Companies Act would have the
effect of rendering the agreement to allot illegal _per se_. Nevertheless, an
agreement made with the object (direct or indirect) of deceiving a third party
is illegal. If authority is needed, I refer to _Brown Jenkinson & Co Ltd v
Percy Dalton (London) Ltd_ [1957] 2 QB 621, cited in the footnote of
_Cheshire, Fifoot & Furmston’s Law of Contract_, (Butterworths, 15th Ed, 2006)
at 473. Morris LJ at 636 identified the elements making the consideration
illegal, namely, the making of a representation of fact which was false and it
was known to be false with intent that it should be acted upon. Morris LJ went
on to explain that:

If the consideration for the promise was the making of such a representation,
then the unlawful consideration made the contract unenforceable whether or not
damage resulted to someone who acted on the representation and therefore had a
cause of action.

71 In that case the shipowner issued clean bills of lading in respect of a
quantity of orange juice in barrels. Some barrels were old, frail and leaking
at the time of shipment. The defendant undertook unconditionally to indemnify
the shipower against losses which might arise from the issuance of the clean
bills of lading in respect of the goods. The barrels when delivered at Hamburg
were leaking and the shipowner had to make good the loss. The plaintiff as
agent of the shipowner and to whom the letter of indemnity was assigned sued
the defendant under the indemnity. The defendant refused to pay alleging that
the contract of indemnity was illegal because it had as its object the making
by the shipowner of a fraudulent misrepresentation. Even though the granting
of clean bills of lading against indemnities was a common practice so much so
that the plaintiff did not desire that anyone should be defrauded, the
question was whether the contract sued upon was founded upon an illegal
consideration. The appellate court held that an agreement is illegal and
unenforceable if it has as its object the commission of a tort. The object of
the indemnity was the making by the shipowner of a fraudulent
misrepresentation that the orange juice was shipped in apparent good order and
condition when it was not.

72 In the circumstances of the present case, all the elements of the tort of
deceit against a third party, the PSA, were present. The capital asset of the
company was falsely stated as paid. The allotment was a sham. The allotment
was a segment of the same façade erected with the objective of deceiving a
third party, namely the PSA. The PSA was seriously misinformed of the capital
asset of the company. In any case, the parties were _in pari delicto_ and
neither could establish a cause of action against the other without relying on
its own wrongdoing. I shall now consider these issues in turn.

73 Of relevance to the question of illegality, is the intention of the parties
and the purpose of the transaction (see _Suntoso Jacob_ at [65]). I pause here
to observe that in _Tinsley v Milligan_ , the intention of the parties was to
hold the property purchased from joint funds as joint beneficial owners but
vested it in the sole of one of them. In _Suntoso Jacob_ , the plaintiff there
did not intend to benefit the defendant. He created a trust whereby the
defendant held the shares as the plaintiff’s nominee. This distinction is
significant as the transfer of property in that case did not give rise to
independent rights of ownership. In contrast, the majority decision of
_Tinsley v Milligan_ was firmly founded on a property right and the ability to
claim it without being “forced to plead or rely on illegality”. Milligan’s
equitable claim depended only on the presumption of resulting trust which
arose from the fact that (a) Milligan had put up half of the purchase price of
the house; and (b) no presumption of advancement arose from the relationship
between Tinsley and Milligan.

74 In _Suntoso Jacob_ , the company in question wished to register its
ownership of a tug in the Singapore Register of Ships. At that time, under the
guidelines laid down by the Registrar of Ships, the tug could not be
registered as a Singapore flagged vessel if it was foreign-owned. It was then
agreed between the plaintiff and the defendant that the plaintiff would
transfer to the defendant to hold on trust 92,000 shares of the company. After
the transfer of shares, the tug was registered as a Singapore flagged vessel
in the name of the company. Subsequently (and this is an important point as it
reinforces the defendant’s status as nominee of the shares), the defendant
executed a blank transfer of the shares and also signed a board resolution
approving the transfer. He delivered both the documents to the plaintiff.
After the loan for the finance of the tug had been repaid in full, the
plaintiff decided to have the shares transferred to another Singaporean
nominee. The plaintiff, therefore, caused the blank transfer to be completed
and executed by the new nominee. It was dated and submitted together with the
board resolution to the company secretary for registration. All the while the
share certificate in question was retained by the defendant who had refused to
deliver it to the company secretary. The defendant maintained that he was the
legal and beneficial owner of all the shares and had never agreed to transfer
them to the new nominee or any other person. The plaintiff then sued the
defendant as trustee of the shares pursuant to an express trust. The defendant
denied the trust. He argued that the shares were sold to him and the sale was
to enable the company to own the tug under the Singapore flag. No plea of
illegality of or in connection with the transfer of the shares was raised in
the pleadings. At the conclusion of the trial, the trial judge found that the
defendant did not pay or provide consideration for the shares transferred to
him. He dismissed the claim on the ground that the plaintiff had practised a
deception on the Registrar of Ships, and the court would not lend its aid to a
person who founded his claim on an illegal act.

75 At the appeal stage, the plaintiff changed tact and explained that he was
not founding his claim on an illegal act. Instead, he premised his case on,
_inter alia_ , a resulting trust following the judge’s finding that the
defendant did not pay any consideration for the transfer of the shares. That
resulting trust, it was argued, was not tainted with any illegality. In other
words, the plaintiff was not relying on the antecedent transaction of an
express trust to found his claim against the defendant. The Court of Appeal
disagreed. It observed that the claim was not based on any independent right
of ownership of the shares. Thean J noted that to recover the shares, the
plaintiff had to rely on the trust created in his favour and in so doing the
illegal purpose of the transfer that gave rise to the trust was revealed. The
Court of Appeal upheld the decision of the trial judge that the share transfer
was a deception on public administration and the court will not aid the
plaintiff to recover the shares. Thean J at 65 said:

It is too artificial to sever the purpose from the transaction, _ie_ the
transfer of the said shares to the [defendant] without any payment, and look
at only the transaction in isolation and say that it was not tainted by the
unlawful purpose. The intention of the parties and the purpose of the
transaction are clearly relevant. Where a transaction which on the face of it
is lawful is entered into for an unlawful purpose or to achieve an unlawful
end, the transaction is tainted with illegality and is unenforceable.

76 Likewise, Koon Seng’s claim to be reinstated to its status as a shareholder
is not premised on an independent right of ownership of the Shares. There was
as I have found no intention to pass property in the Shares as the whole
scheme was a paper exercise (see [57] to [67]). Koon Seng is seeking to
enforce, rely upon, or found its claim on the allotment which is a sham.Koon
Seng was a business partner who was entitled to a share of the profits of the
PSA Contract and not a share of the profits of the whole company. Even though
the parties had premised this case on the common ground that Koon Seng was a
shareholder, it was simply a convenient tale to adopt to avoid the
embarrassment of having to explain the window-dressing meant to hoodwink the
PSA. GKS did appreciate that the PSA was being misinformed of the true
capitalisation of the Chenab. Having participated in the tender for the PSA
Contract, GKS cannot be absolved of involvement in the deception, he as the
alter ego of Koon Seng and Raj as the alter ego of Chenab.

77 Koon Seng’s participation and involvement in the tender was consistent with
its acceptance of the pretence that the share capital of Chenab was $1.5m. In
fact, there is participation in the unlawful conduct if the claimant does some
act, not necessarily required by the contract, but goes towards assisting in
the defendant’s unlawful scheme. In _Hodgson v Temple_ (1813) 5 Taunt 180,
this principle was applied in favour of a vendor who was able to sue for the
price of spirits despite knowing that the purchaser, who was licensed to sell
spirits by retail, intended to use the spirits in a distillery owned by him.
His ownership contravened a statute which forbade licensed retailers from
being interested in the trade or business of distilling. Lord Mansfield held
that it is necessary that the vendor should be a participant in the illegal
transaction; mere knowledge was not sufficient.

78 It is a question of fact in each case whether there has been a sufficient
degree of participation by the party concerned. Mr Tan in his Opening
Statement said that Koon Seng provided financial assistance and other forms of
assistance to Chenab, and ‘[s]uch assistance was to enable [Chenab] to tender
for a PSA contract and to pay for its operations.” GKS in his written
testimony confirmed that Koon Seng had given assistance to help Chenab secure
the PSA Contract. In his affidavit of evidence-in-chief, Raj exhibited the
affidavits filed by GKS in Suit No 111 of 2005 and CWU Petition No 64 of
2005). In the affidavits filed in those proceedings, GKS confirmed that Koon
Seng had assisted the defendants in their bid to tender for the PSA Contract.
The forms of assistance that were necessary for the tender included the
provision of a performance bond and corporate and personal indemnities as
required by the PSA. That testimony was accepted by Raj who also admitted that
as a condition of the award of the contact, Chenab had to provide a
performance bond and corporate and personal indemnities. Personal indemnities
were furnished by GKS and his family members. In assisting Chenab, Koon Seng
had accepted and allied itself to the false statement that Chenab’s paid up
capital was $1.5m and perpetuated that falsehood during the tender process
leading to the award of the contract.

79 Applying the broad test laid down in _Hewsion_ to the facts in the present
case, the issue of non-payment and forfeiture of the Shares are so closely or
clearly connected or inextricably bound up or linked with the unlawful conduct
that no claim should succeed for illegality. It may well be the case that the
misstatements came at a time anterior to the supply of labour after the PSA
Contract. But that is not the point in contention here. The contest in these
proceedings is not about the profits under the PSA Contract and the parties’
share of the profits. For the sake of argument, even on their respective
pleaded case, the parties cannot succeed here without proving that the Shares
were either paid for or unpaid. Koon Seng invoked the doctrine of estoppel in
relation to the false documentation representing the paid up capital as $1.5m
and the allotment described as fully paid to support its contention. GKS had
relied on the documents publicly available to show that the Shares were fully
paid and as such Koon Seng was under no liability to pay for the Shares. In
the defendants’ case, they made use of the 1999 resolution as contemporaneous
evidence in support of their case that Koon Seng had to pay cash for the
Shares. I have already ruled that the 1999 resolution was a feature of the
façade in play.

80 To summarise, Koon Seng’s claim to reinstate its status as a shareholder
arose out of the unlawful conduct of the defendants in creating the sham paid
up capital of $1.5m and shareholding to deceive the PSA with, first the
connivance of Koon Seng, and second its participation by assisting in securing
the PSA Contract. In my judgment, I find that the relief claimed is based
substantially (and not therefore collaterally or insignificantly) on the
parties’ unlawful conduct. In the same way, the defence and, hence, the
counterclaim is equally affected.

Result

81 For the reasons stated, I dismiss the relief claimed in this action as well
as the counterclaim. On the question of costs, each party is to bear their own
costs of the action and the costs of the counterclaim. If necessary, I shall
hear parties on the orders to be made with a view to rectifying the share
register and consequential orders, if any.

  

* * *

[note: 1] Transcript of Evidence p 55 line 31. Tab A of Plaintiff’s Core
Bundle pp 1 to 3 is ROC search faxed on 16/9/00.

[note: 2] Plaintiff’s supplementary bundle of documents p 41 para 5 of Jagip
Kaur’s 1st affidavit filed in divorce proceedings.

[note: 3] Plaintiff’s supplementary bundle of documents p 42 para 15 of Jagip
Kaur’s 1st affidavit filed in divorce proceedings.

[note: 4]Raj’s Affidavit of evidence-in-chief, para 49

[note: 5] Transcript of Evidence p 38 line 31, p51 line 9 to 19.

[note: 6] Defendants’ Amended Supplemental Closing Submissions dated 3 July
2007, para 13.

[note: 7] Plaintiff’s Submissions dated 30 April 2007, para 19.

[note: 8]Transcript of Evidence p 60

[note: 9] Transcript of Evidence p 128

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 16 Nov 2007 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

