Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Lee Hsien Loong v Review Publishing Co Ltd and Another and Another Suit  
[2007] SGHC 24

Case Number | : | Suit 539/2006, 540/2006, RA 328/2006, 329/2006  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 21 February 2007  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Sundaresh Menon JC   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Peter Cuthbert Low (Peter Low Partnership) for the appellants; Davinder Singh SC, Wilson Wong, Jaikanth Shankar (Drew & Napier LLC) for the respondents   
Parties | : |  Lee Hsien Loong — Review Publishing Co Ltd; Hugo Restall   
  
Civil Procedure – Service – Leave to serve writs out of jurisdiction granted –
Whether invoking jurisdiction of court – Burden of proving service of process
effected in appropriate manner lying on respondents as plaintiffs – Whether
burden remaining on respondents when challenge to jurisdiction brought –
Section 16(1) Supreme Court of Judicature Act (Cap 322, 1999 Rev Ed)  
  
Civil Procedure – Service – Leave to serve writs out of jurisdiction granted –
Whether order granting leave should be set aside as abuse of process of court
– Whether claims for damages and injunctive relief contained in writs confined
to damages sustained or actions taken within Singapore – Order 11 r 1 Rules of
Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2006 Rev Ed)  
  
Civil Procedure – Service – Whether civil procedure convention subsisting
between Singapore and Hong Kong – Whether treaty concluded between People's
Republic of China and Singapore applying to Hong Kong – Order 11 r 4(1), O 11
r 4(2) Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2006 Rev Ed)  
  

21 February 2007 |  Judgment reserved  
---|---  
  
Sundaresh Menon JC:

1 In what Thomas Friedman terms a “flattening world”, accessibility to
instruments of mass media and communication – in particular, the internet – is
dramatically shortening the globe’s communicative synapses and greatly
increasing the potential reach and impact of any individual idea or
expression. Such accessibility gives rise to power which holds promise but it
also portends abuse. The transformation in how we transmit and receive
information and ideas inevitably has important implications for the law. One
illustration of this may be found in the increasingly common occurrence of
defamation suits that straddle more than one jurisdiction. The archetypal case
is one where the publisher of the allegedly defamatory words is resident in
one jurisdiction while the impact of those words sounds in another (or many
other) jurisdiction(s). The present appeals before me involve precisely this
situation.

2 The road to pressing a claim for defamation against a foreign defendant can
be a long one. For a plaintiff who alleges that certain publications are
defamatory of him in his home jurisdiction, among the first steps to be taken
in commencing proceedings against the foreign publisher is the need to obtain
the leave of court to serve the writ out of the jurisdiction. This seemingly
simple step can become somewhat involved. The plaintiffs (who are the
respondents in the present appeals) did obtain leave and did effect service on
the defendants (who are the appellants) but the validity of these efforts is
now challenged. It is said first, that their claims do not fall within the
ambit of O 11 r 1 of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2006 Rev Ed) (“the
Rules”) so that leave to serve out of the jurisdiction could not validly have
been given. Second, it is said that service of the writs was not effected in
an appropriate manner. These issues in turn give rise to some ancillary but
significant issues concerning the burden of proof and the separation of
powers.

The factual background

3 The facts leading to the present appeals are relatively straightforward and
are not contested. The respondents in these appeals are, respectively, the
Prime Minister and the Minister Mentor of Singapore. The first appellant is
the publisher of the _Far Eastern Economic Review_ (“the _Review_ ”), a
current affairs magazine that has an international circulation. The second
appellant, Mr Hugo Restall, is the editor of the _Review_ and, notably, the
author of an article entitled “Singapore’s ‘Martyr’, Chee Soon Juan”,
published in the July/August 2006 issue of the _Review_ at pp 24–27 (“the
disputed article”). This article was also published in the web version of the
_Review_ accessible on the internet, without charge, to any who bothered to
visit the website. The respondents took offence at the contents of the
disputed article, and having failed to reach an acceptable settlement with the
appellants, they each commenced separate actions in Suits Nos 539 and 540 of
2006 against the _Review_ and Mr Restall.

4 Because the _Review_ is a company incorporated in Hong Kong and Mr Restall
is ordinarily resident in Hong Kong and because both appellants declined to
accept service in Singapore voluntarily, it was necessary for the respondents
to serve the writs out of the jurisdiction. The respondents applied for leave
to do so and their applications were granted on 28 August 2006. Service was
effected by a process server on 4 September 2006 by personally serving Mr
Restall and by leaving copies of the writs of summons, statements of claim and
relevant court orders at the registered address of the _Review_. On 23
September 2006, the _Review_ and Mr Restall entered appearance for the purpose
of disputing the jurisdiction of the court pursuant to O 12 r 7 of the Rules.

5 It was accepted by the appellants before me that the challenge against the
jurisdiction of this court in the final analysis rested on two main points.
The first was whether the order granting leave to serve the writs out of the
jurisdiction ought to be set aside as an abuse of the process of the court
because the claims for damages and for injunctive relief contained in the
writs were allegedly not confined to damages sustained or actions taken within
Singapore. The second point of contention was that even if leave to serve the
writs out of the jurisdiction had been properly granted, the writs had not
been served in an appropriate manner because service had not been effected in
accordance with the Treaty on Judicial Assistance in Civil and Commercial
Matters between the Republic of Singapore and the People’s Republic of China
(Government Gazette T2/2001, 28 December 2001) (“the Treaty”).

6 Before the assistant registrar, the appellants’ challenge was dismissed but
with a slight reservation. While the assistant registrar was satisfied that it
was sufficiently clear that the claims for damages were confined to losses
arising from the publication of the disputed article in Singapore, she sought
and obtained an undertaking from counsel for the respondents to limit the
reach of any injunctive relief sought to Singapore. As to whether service of
process had been effected properly, the assistant registrar found in favour of
the respondents. Dissatisfied, the appellants filed these appeals against the
whole of the assistant registrar’s decision.

Preliminary points

**_Application to permit foreign counsel to attend the hearing in chambers_**

7 Before the hearing of the appeals commenced, the appellants applied for
permission for one Mr Tim Robertson SC from New South Wales, Australia to sit
in at the hearing of the appeals, which (as is the norm for Registrar’s
Appeals) was conducted in chambers. According to Mr Peter Cuthbert Low, who
appeared for the appellants, Mr Robertson had been retained by the appellants
from the onset of the proceedings against them and acted as their lead legal
advisor. Mr Low submitted that he had been instructed as Singapore counsel by
Mr Robertson. Mr Davinder Singh SC, who appeared for the respondents, objected
to Mr Robertson’s attendance. He submitted that the application raised a
question, first of principle and only then of discretion. Mr Singh submitted
in effect that hearings in chambers were private. While permission to attend a
hearing in chambers might be extended to one who was an employee or an agent
of a litigant, Mr Robertson was neither. He accordingly submitted that there
was no basis in principle to permit Mr Robertson’s attendance.

8 I accept that the starting point of the analysis is that hearings in
chambers, unlike proceedings in open court, are private in nature. Thus,
members of the public have no _entitlement_ to attend proceedings in chambers.
Mr Robertson however sought permission to attend the present appeals not in
his capacity as a member of the public but as a legal adviser to the
appellants. In my judgment, Mr Robertson’s interest in these proceedings was
sufficient to bring him within the class of persons in whose favour I could
conceivably have exercised my discretion. In fact, as I informed Mr Singh, I
myself, as foreign counsel, have had the benefit of the courtesy of being
allowed to attend proceedings in chambers with Singapore counsel extended to
me.

9 Mr Singh then submitted that I should not exercise my discretion in Mr
Robertson’s favour. He submitted that in considering the exercise of my
discretion, it was appropriate to have regard, among other things, to the
identity of the particular individual seeking permission to attend and the
risk that the dignity or authority of the court might be compromised by that
person, if he was allowed to attend. In this regard, Mr Singh drew my
attention to an article published in the _Sydney Morning Herald_ on 22
November 2005 headlined “We should impose sanctions: lawyer”, in which
Singapore’s decision to execute a convicted drug trafficker, Nguyen Tuong Van,
was criticised. Mr Robertson was quoted in the report as characterising
Singapore as an “authoritarian regime” and pointedly remarking that “the
present Singapore is controlled by the Government, as is the judiciary, and so
in cases which have a political element in them the odds are stacked well and
truly against the opponents of the regime”.

10 Mr Singh made two submissions on this. First, he submitted that Mr
Robertson had manifested a proclivity to make such statements which were ill-
founded and disrespectful of the judiciary, and in view of this, the court
should not be placed in the position of having to respond to or defend itself
in the face of any further remarks of a similar vein that Mr Robertson might
make if he was permitted to attend the hearing in chambers. Secondly, Mr Singh
submitted that inasmuch as the court was being asked to exercise its
discretion, there was no reason at all for it to do so in favour of one who
maintained a position that was openly disrespectful, even contemptuous, of the
court. As Mr Singh put it: why open our doors to one whose mind was already
shut?

11 Mr Low, in response, informed me that he had no knowledge of the remarks
that had been reported in the article in question in the _Sydney Morning
Herald_ and attributed to Mr Robertson. I therefore stood the matter down for
Mr Low to take instructions as to whether Mr Robertson had indeed made those
remarks and whether he continued to stand by them. When we resumed, Mr Low
informed me that Mr Robertson had made no adverse statements concerning the
judiciary in relation to the present proceedings. As I pointed out to Mr Low,
that, of course, was not my inquiry. Mr Low then confirmed that Mr Robertson
did not deny making those statements. Nor, it appeared, was Mr Robertson
inclined to withdraw or resile from those statements. Mr Low urged me to have
regard to the fact that Mr Robertson came from a jurisdiction where the right
to attend a hearing in chambers was not controversial. He further submitted
that for someone with Mr Robertson’s background, such comments might not be
regarded as exceptional. He submitted that the best way to counter Mr
Robertson’s allegations would be to allow him to sit in and witness the
fairness inherent in our court proceedings so that the truth might shine
forth. To prevent him from attending the appeals, Mr Low contended, would only
cement his belief that our legal system was unfair and opaque.

12 Mr Low’s arguments had a beguiling attraction but they missed a key point:
what was the reason for which permission was being sought for Mr Robertson to
sit in? The only grounds advanced by Mr Low were these: Mr Robertson wanted to
see for himself how these proceedings were conducted and how the arguments
were presented; and ultimately, it was said, allowing Mr Robertson to attend
in chambers would help clear his misconceptions. In short, it seemed to me
that Mr Robertson wanted to judge the judge.

13 In my judgment, I do have a very wide discretion in this regard but it is
nonetheless to be exercised judiciously. It will be relevant in this context
to have regard to the interest that the person, who is seeking permission, has
in the litigation; the interests of the litigants themselves; the reasons for
which such permission is sought; and the court’s interest in preserving and
upholding its authority and dignity.

14 In the present case, Mr Singh’s submission that Mr Robertson should be
excluded because he might otherwise misdescribe the conduct of the proceedings
or the judiciary, left as little impression on me as Mr Low’s submission that
he should be permitted to sit in so as to be satisfied about the fairness of
these proceedings. This court has one primary interest and that is to do
justice to all without fear or favour. I have no interest whatsoever in
indulging Mr Robertson by seeking to allay his fears or in otherwise seeking
to change his mind about the integrity of our judiciary. The judgments of this
court speak for themselves.

15 The fact that the request was made on behalf of someone who had made openly
disrespectful remarks about the judiciary and continued to stand by them even
as he sought my indulgence was a factor I considered relevant. In my judgment,
it would have been inappropriate in these circumstances for me to have turned
the other cheek to Mr Robertson when I would not have done so for any citizen
of this country. Furthermore, I was mindful that an exercise of my discretion
in Mr Robertson’s favour in these circumstances might have been misconstrued
as acquiescence in his views and this would have been unacceptable, to say the
least.

16 Even so, I was anxious to ensure that the appellants, who were the
litigants before me, should not be prejudiced by reason of the misconceptions
of their legal advisor. I therefore asked Mr Low if the request was being made
on the basis that he might need Mr Robertson’s assistance in the course of
conducting the appeals. Mr Low candidly and explicitly stated that he did not
require Mr Robertson’s assistance in the appeals. Indeed, Mr Low was satisfied
and confirmed that through him and his firm, the appellants were fully and
ably represented.

17 In those circumstances, it was apparent that the appellants’ interests
generally and in particular their fundamental right to be heard would not be
compromised by Mr Robertson’s absence from my chambers during the hearing of
the appeals. Furthermore, I was satisfied that in the interest of upholding
the dignity and authority of this court, he should be excluded. I accordingly
denied the request.

**_The burden of proof_**

18 Both counsel agreed that the burden of proving that the respondents’ claim
was within the ambit of O 11 rr 1(_b_), 1(_f_) and/or 1(_p_) of the Rules, so
as to warrant the grant of leave to serve the writ out of the jurisdiction,
lay with the respondents. What was initially disputed was whether the burden
of proving that service of process had (or had not) been effected in an
appropriate manner was on the respondents (as plaintiffs) or the appellants
(as defendants). Mr Singh relied on _Pacific Assets Management Ltd v Chen Lip
Keong_ [2006] 1 SLR 658 (“ _Pacific Assets_ ”) at [12] and _Reemtsma
Cigarettenfabriken GmbH v Hugo Boss AG_ [2003] 3 SLR 469 (“ _Hugo Boss_ ”) at
[10], where the court was similarly confronted with applications to set aside
service of process out of jurisdiction on the basis that the manner of service
was irregular. In both cases, the court held that the legal burden of proving
that there had been an irregularity in the manner of service lay with the
party seeking to set aside such service.

19 Mr Low accepted Mr Singh’s characterisation of the holdings in _Pacific
Assets_ and _Hugo Boss_ , but he submitted that in both instances the question
of burden of proof had simply been assumed by the court without detailed
argument or reasoning. Mr Singh accepted the force of this observation. The
appellants further submitted that it accorded with good sense that the party
that seeks to effect service out of the jurisdiction should retain the burden
of proving all the elements necessary to found jurisdiction in a subsequent
application to set aside. Mr Low submitted this was because service out of the
jurisdiction is an exorbitant jurisdiction which has the potential to threaten
comity among nations and for this reason, the benefit of any doubt as to
whether service has been effected properly should be given to the foreign
defendant: _Siskina (Cargo Owners) v Distos SA_ [1979] AC 210 (“ _The Siskina_
”) at 254–255, citing _The Hagett_ [1908] P 189 at 201. It would run counter
to this to impose the burden of proving that service had not been effected
properly upon the foreign defendant. Mr Low also relied on the following
_dicta_ in the majority opinion of the High Court of Australia in _Voth v
Manildra Flour Mills Pty Ltd_ (1990) 171 CLR 538 (“ _Voth_ ”) at 564:

Where a case falls within a category in which the legislature has seen fit to
allow service outside the jurisdiction if, but only if, the leave of a court
is first obtained, that court should not grant leave unless it is positively
persuaded that it should do so. Plainly, it should not be so persuaded unless
the plaintiff satisfies it that the case is of the relevant category and that
the proceedings would not be subsequently stayed as an abuse of process on
_forum non conveniens_ grounds or for some other reason. In such a case the
onus should remain on the plaintiff on a subsequent application to set aside
the service outside the jurisdiction. Otherwise, the _ex parte_ order for
service outside the jurisdiction, if onus of proof were to prove decisive,
would confer an enduring advantage upon a plaintiff notwithstanding that the
expanded evidence on a contested application to set aside service indicated
that the applicant had not been entitled to that _ex parte_ order.

20 In my judgment, and Mr Singh subsequently conceded the point, the
appellants were correct in their assertion that the burden of proving all the
elements necessary to found jurisdiction, including proper service, remains on
the respondents, as plaintiffs. I find the reasoning in _Voth_ persuasive.
Furthermore, as Mr Low submitted, in order to invoke the jurisdiction of the
High Court, a plaintiff seeking to sue a foreign defendant must satisfy s
16(1) of the Supreme Court Judicature Act (Cap 322, 1999 Rev Ed) (“the SCJA”),
which is in the following terms:

**16.** —(1) The High Court shall have jurisdiction to hear and try any action
in personam where —

(_a_) the defendant is served with a writ or other originating process —

(i) in Singapore in the manner prescribed by Rules of Court; or

(ii) outside Singapore in the circumstances authorised by and in the manner
prescribed by Rules of Court; or

(_b_) the defendant submits to the jurisdiction of the High Court.

[emphasis added]

21 It is clear from s 16(1)(_a_)(ii) of the SCJA that a plaintiff’s
jurisdictional title to sue a foreign defendant depends upon the claim falling
within the circumstances authorised by the Rules (in other words, the sub-
rules of O 11 r 1) as well as the writ being served in the manner prescribed
by the Rules. Mr Low submitted that it was only upon both conditions being met
that the jurisdiction of the court could properly be invoked. I agree with
this. It is the plaintiffs who wish to invoke the court’s jurisdiction in
respect of these foreign defendants and since the plaintiffs assert that the
court has the jurisdiction, it falls upon them to prove it. That burden lay
with the plaintiffs when they applied for leave to serve the writs out of the
jurisdiction, and it remained with them when a challenge was subsequently
brought to dispute the jurisdiction of the court.

Abuse of process – whether the respondents’ claims fell within O 11 r 1

22 In their applications for leave to serve the writs out of the jurisdiction,
the respondents asserted that their claims fell squarely within O 11 rr
1(_b_), 1(_f_) and 1(_p_) of the Rules. These provisions state:

Cases in which service out of Singapore is permissible (O 11, r 1)

1\. Provided that the originating process does not contain any claim mentioned
in Order 70, Rule 3 (1), service of an originating process out of Singapore is
permissible with the leave of the Court if in the action —

…

(_b_) an injunction is sought ordering the defendant to do or refrain from
doing anything in Singapore (whether or not damages are also claimed in
respect of a failure to do or the doing of that thing);

…

(_f_)

(i) the claim is founded on a tort, wherever committed, which is constituted,
at least in part, by an act or omission occurring in Singapore; or

(ii) the claim is wholly or partly founded on, or is for the recovery of
damages in respect of, damage suffered in Singapore caused by a tortious act
or omission wherever occurring;

…

(_p_) the claim is founded on a cause of action arising in Singapore ...

23 The common thread running through these provisions is that the claim or
cause of action or relief sought should have a sufficient nexus with
Singapore. The need to establish a nexus with the home jurisdiction serves to
prevent the unwarranted extension of the jurisdiction of this court beyond the
territorial limits of this country. As to this, there can be and was no
quarrel. The appellants however contended that the respondents’ claims against
them were not in fact as narrowly tailored as required by O 11 rr 1(_b_),
1(_f_) and 1(_p_) of the Rules. Specifically, it was submitted that:

(a) in relation to O 11 r 1(_b_), the respondents’ claim for injunctive relief
was not confined to publications or republications in Singapore but extended
to publications or republications anywhere else in the world;

(b) in relation to O 11 r 1(_f_), the respondents’ claim for damages was not
limited to injury suffered in Singapore but extended to vindication of the
reputation of the respondents anywhere else in the world; and

(c) in relation to O 11 r 1(_p_), the respondents’ claim was not confined to
causes of action arising in Singapore and that the respondents were pursuing
damages and injunctive relief in respect of publications worldwide.

24 In short, the appellants’ contention was that in some respects at least,
the respondents’ claims had no sufficient nexus with Singapore. In support of
this, the appellants contended that the statements of claim (“the SOC”) lacked
any specification as to the place of publication and the location of the
readers in whose eyes the respondents’ reputations are alleged to have
suffered. Furthermore, no words limited the claim for damages and injunctive
relief to Singapore. It bears noting that it was only the SOC that the
appellants complained were vague or exorbitant and contrary to the
requirements of O 11 r 1. The appellants did not take issue with the
affidavits filed by the respondents in support of their application for leave
to serve out of jurisdiction. On the contrary, the appellants alleged that the
certainty with which the affidavits asserted that the respondents’ claims were
limited to Singapore was misleading and was evidence of the respondents’
contravention of their duty to make full and frank disclosure when making the
leave application _ex parte_. On this basis, the appellants submitted that it
was an abuse of the process of the court for the respondents to have sought
and obtained leave to serve the writ out of the jurisdiction.

25 It is useful to return to first principles and to understand the rationale
for the rule that underpins the cases relating to abuse of process. In my
judgment, there are a number of interests that the abuse of process doctrine
is meant to protect. The first, explained above, is to guard against the
unjustified extension of jurisdiction beyond the home jurisdiction’s
territorial limits. In _Eyre v Nationwide_ _News Pty Ltd_ [1967] NZLR 851 (“
_Eyre_ ”), the plaintiff was resident in New Zealand. The publisher of certain
defamatory remarks in a newspaper article was a company registered in
Australia. While the total circulation of the newspaper was approximately
66,000 copies, the circulation in New Zealand amounted to only 21 copies and
these had been delivered to individual subscribers. The Supreme Court of New
Zealand, in setting aside the order for service out of New Zealand, held (at
854–855) as follows:

Any loss of reputation he has suffered abroad from publication in another
country is a matter for the Courts exercising jurisdiction in the country of
publication. Here it seems to me that the plaintiff is claiming damages in New
Zealand for loss of reputation both in New Zealand and Australia. _The
pleadings do not confine him to the cause of action arising within the
jurisdiction. This exceeds the jurisdiction of the Court_ and in addition I am
not satisfied there is a question of substance in this country. [emphasis
added]

26 A second, perhaps more pertinent interest in so far as the present appeals
are concerned, is to ensure that litigants do not unjustly draw foreign
defendants into a jurisdiction thereby causing inconvenience to them. This
principle also explains the firmness with which the courts have resisted
attempts to invoke their jurisdiction when only minor damage has taken place
in their jurisdiction and the real desire is to recover damages for injuries
suffered in other jurisdictions (such as in _Eyre_). In a similar vein, the
courts have refused to allow their jurisdiction to be invoked where what the
plaintiff intends is to draw the defendant into the home jurisdiction and then
tack on other causes of action that have no connection with that jurisdiction
(as was observed in _Diamond v Sutton_ (1866) LR 1 Ex 130 (“ _Sutton_ ”)).

27 As Pearson J noted in _Societe Generale de Paris v Dreyfus Brothers_ (1885)
29 Ch D 239 at 242-243:

[I]t becomes a very serious question, and ought always to be considered a very
serious question, whether or not, even in a case like that, it is necessary
for the jurisdiction of the Court to be invoked, and whether this Court ought
to put a foreigner, who owes no allegiance here, _to the inconvenience and
annoyance of being brought to contest his rights in this country_ , and I for
one say, most distinctly, that I think this Court ought to be exceedingly
careful before it allows a writ to be served out of the jurisdiction.
[emphasis added]

28 More recently, in _Chadha v Dow Jones & Co Inc_ [1999] EMLR 724, a
plaintiff in England sought leave to serve process against a defendant
incorporated in New York arising out of the publication of allegedly
defamatory statements in a magazine. It was found that of the 294,346 copies
of the relevant edition of the magazine sold, only 1,257 copies had been sold
in England. The English Court of Appeal set aside the lower court’s decision
to grant leave, and commented thus (at 732–733):

If there is a substantial complaint with respect to the English tort, having
regard to the scale of the publication within the jurisdiction and the extent
to which the plaintiff has connections with and a reputation to protect in
this country _as against the inconvenience to the defendant in being brought
here to answer for his alleged wrong-doing_ then service of the writ abroad is
to be ordered. The onus of showing that the plaintiff has sufficient
connections with and a sufficient reputation to protect in this country is on
the plaintiff … The principle may have been better stated than I have stated
it, by Lord Buckmaster in _Johnson v Taylor Brothers & Co Ltd_ [1920] AC 144
at 160:

It must, however, be remembered that the issue of the writ, even in a case
within the words of the rule, can only be made by leave of the court, and, in
granting such leave, regard ought to be had to the real breach in respect of
which the action is brought, and not merely to a breach on which it is
necessary to rely, not to obtain relief, but only to found jurisdiction under
the rule.

In his judgment in _Kroch v Rossell_ [1937] 1 All ER 725 at page 731 Scott LJ
having cited the passage from the speech of Lord Buckmaster cited above, said:

_… but the point of the observation is that the reality of the question ought
to be looked at, and, if the reality of the cause of action is one which
belongs to a foreign country, and not to this country, and above all, where it
is a question which probably would be better tried, for any particular reason
which appears in the circumstances of the case, in the foreign country, leave
ought not to be granted._

[emphasis added]

29 The wastage of judicial resources in adjudicating a claim which, in truth,
has nothing to do with the home jurisdiction but is merely an attempt to
vindicate one’s global reputation is a third interest protected by the abuse
of process doctrine. As explained by Lord Phillips of Worth Matravers MR in
_Jameel (Yousef) v Dow Jones & Co Inc_ [2005] QB 946 at [54]:

An abuse of process is of concern not merely to the parties but to the court.
It is no longer the role of the court simply to provide a level-playing field
and to referee whatever game the parties choose to play upon it. The court is
concerned to ensure that judicial and court resources are appropriately and
proportionately used in accordance with the requirements of justice.

While this _dictum_ was expressed in the context of striking out a defamation
claim as an abuse of process, Lord Phillips MR expressly noted at [69] and
[70] that this rationale also applied in cases where there was a challenge to
the jurisdiction of the court.

30 What is clear from all these cases is that the courts examine the substance
of the inquiry: is the plaintiff seeking to bring the foreign defendant into
the home jurisdiction to pursue a claim for injury arising within jurisdiction
or is he, in reality, seeking in this jurisdiction to vindicate the alleged
damage to his reputation in other jurisdictions? The primary mechanism to
ensure that a plaintiff does not abuse the jurisdiction of the court, is found
in the need for the plaintiff to seek leave to serve out. In this context, the
courts require that a plaintiff frames his claim such that it is limited to
the home jurisdiction. If the claim is not sufficiently circumscribed or if
there is ambiguity, leave may be refused or the claim may have to be amended
or an undertaking may be insisted upon to the effect that the plaintiff will
not pursue any claim for injury suffered elsewhere (see below at [61] to
[67]).

31 The first question that arises in these appeals is whether the assistant
registrar who granted the respondents leave to serve out on 28 August 2006
exercised her discretion properly and ensured that the reliefs sought would be
limited to Singapore as required under O 11 r 1 of the Rules. In my judgment,
she did and no grounds have been shown for the order, granting leave to serve
out, to be set aside. In my view, the SOC clearly demarcated the boundaries of
the respondents’ claim. Beyond that, the affidavits filed in support of the
respondents’ applications for leave to serve out were also wholly unambiguous
as to the scope of the remedies sought. Finally, if any doubts remained, the
undertaking given by counsel for the respondents at the hearing of the
appellants’ challenge to jurisdiction in the court below on 15 November 2006
was more than sufficient to quash any uncertainty in respect of the real scope
of the respondents’ claim against the appellants. I elaborate on each of these
conclusions below. Towards the end of the arguments before me, I asked Mr Low
if he accepted that the rationale underlying the rule is to protect a foreign
defendant against abuses arising in the circumstances I have identified above.
Mr Low said he accepted that this was so but he submitted it was irrelevant.
He maintained that as long as the statement of claim is capable of being read
as supporting a claim for any relief that is not connected to Singapore, then
regardless of what is set out in the affidavit supporting the application for
leave and regardless of any undertaking offered by the plaintiff the court
must set aside the order giving leave to serve out. In my judgment, such a
proposition accords neither with good sense nor with the case authorities and
in that light turn to analyse each of these aspects of the arguments.

**_The statements of claim_**

32 The appellants’ primary complaint concerning the SOC related to the manner
in which certain paragraphs, in particular para 32, had been framed with such
generality that there could be no assurance that the respondents were limiting
their claim to losses suffered in Singapore. Paragraph 32 reads:

32\. In the circumstances, the Defendants are jointly and severally liable to
the Plaintiff.

And the Plaintiff claims:

(a) damages to be assessed;

(b) an injunction restraining the publication, sale, offer for sale,
distribution or other dissemination by any means whatsoever of the defamatory
allegations, or other allegations to the same effect;

(c) costs; and

(d) such further and/or relief as this Honourable Court deems fit.

33 If this was all that the SOC contained, the appellants’ complaints might
have stood on a surer footing; but that was not the case, and there was simply
no basis to read para 32 in isolation from the rest of the SOC.

34 Before analysing the SOC, it is worth noting that the question whether an
internationally disseminated libel constitutes a separate and distinct tort
actionable in each jurisdiction where there has been publication or whether it
gives rise to a single global cause of action was quite recently considered by
the House of Lords in _Berezovsky v Michaels_ [2000] 1 WLR 1004 (“
_Berezovsky_ ”). Lord Steyn, writing for the majority, rejected the notion of
a global cause of action and affirmed the principle that each publication
gives rise to a separate tort. The following observations at 1012–1013 are
instructive:

But counsel put forward the global theory on a reformulated basis. He said
that when the court, having been satisfied that it has jurisdiction, has to
decide under Order 11 whether England is the most appropriate forum “the
correct approach is to treat the entire publication – whether by international
newspaper circulation, trans-border or satellite broadcast or Internet posting
– _as_ _if_ it gives rise to one cause of action and to ask whether it has
been clearly proved that _this action_ is best tried in England.” If counsel
was simply submitting that in respect of trans-national libels the court
exercising its discretion must consider the global picture, his proposition
would be uncontroversial. Counsel was, however, advancing a more ambitious
proposition. He submitted that in respect of trans-national libels the
principles enunciated by the House in the _Spiliada_ case [1987] AC 460 should
be recast to proceed on assumption that there is in truth one cause of action.
The result of such a principle, if adopted, will usually be to favour a trial
in the home courts of the foreign publisher because the bulk of the
publication will have taken place there. Counsel argued that it is artificial
for the plaintiffs to confine their claim to publication within the
jurisdiction. This argument ignores the rule laid down in _Diamond v Sutton_
(1866) LR 1 Ex 130, 132 that a plaintiff who seeks leave to serve out of the
jurisdiction in respect of publication within the jurisdiction is guilty of an
abuse if he seeks to include in the same action matters occurring elsewhere:
see also _Eyre v Nationwide News Pty Ltd_ [1967] NZLR 851. In any event, the
new variant of the global theory runs counter to well established principles
of libel law. It does not fit into the principles so carefully enunciated in
_Spiliada_. The invocation of the global theory in the present case is also
not underpinned by considerations of justice. The present case is a relatively
simply one. It is not a multi-party case: it is, however, a multi-
jurisdictional case. It is also a case in which all the constituent elements
of the torts occurred in England. The distribution in England of the
defamatory material was significant. And the plaintiffs have reputations in
England to protect. In such cases it is not unfair that the foreign publisher
should be sued here. Pragmatically, I can also conceive of no advantage in
requiring judges to embark on the complicated hypothetical enquiry suggested
by counsel. I would reject this argument.

35 In my judgment, those observations are equally applicable to this
jurisdiction. It follows that in analysing the SOC, the inquiry is directed at
whether in fact the respondents are seeking to include a claim to relief
founded on matters occurring outside this jurisdiction having regard to the
fact that each publication gives rise to a separate tort. The respondents’
position is that the SOC pleads publication only within the jurisdiction.

36 The first requirement in proving defamation is the need to demonstrate that
the impugned statement is defamatory. This, in turn, may be assessed in one of
two ways. The first is to show that the words are defamatory in the light of
their natural and ordinary meaning as ascribed by an ordinary, reasonable
person in society using his common sense and general knowledge of matters in
the public domain: see, for example, _Aaron v Cheong Yip Seng_ [1996] 2 SLR
623 and _Microsoft Corp v SM Summit Holdings Ltd_ [1999] 4 SLR 529 at [53].
Alternatively, a statement may be found to be defamatory because it would be
understood in a particular way by an audience with special knowledge of
certain facts. This is referred to as an innuendo and where this is relied
upon, the facts and matters said to support the innuendo meaning must be
particularised: see O 78 r 3(1) of the Rules and _Murugason v The Straits
Times Press_ [1984-1985] SLR 334 at 337, _Longham v Odhams Press_ [1963] 1 QB
299 at 306 and _Fullam v Newcastle Chronicle and Journal_ [1997] 1 WLR 651 at
655.

37 In this regard, Mr Singh submitted that harm to the reputation of the
plaintiff takes place when the defamatory communication is understood in the
sense complained of. Unless and until it has been understood by an audience in
that sense, there has been no real publication to speak of and the tort is not
complete. He relied on the following extract from the decision of the High
Court of Australia in _Dow Jones & Co Inc v Gutnick_ (2002) 194 ALR 433 (“
_Gutnick_ ”) at [25]–[27]:

The tort of defamation, at last as understood in Australia, focuses upon
publications causing damage to reputation. It is a tort of strict liability,
in the sense that a defendant may be liable even though no injury to
reputation was intended and the defendant acted with reasonable care … But it
is a tort concerned with damage to reputation and it is that damage which
founds the cause of action. Perhaps, as Pollock said in 1887, the law went
“wrong from the beginning in making the damage and not the insult the cause of
action” for slander but it is now too late to deny that damage by publication
is the focus of the law …

Harm to reputation is done when a defamatory publication is _comprehended by
the reader, the listener, or the observer. Until then, no harm is done by it.
This being so it would be wrong to treat publication as if it were a
unilateral act on the part of the publisher alone. It is not. It is a
bilateral act – in which the publisher makes it available and a third party
has it available for his or her comprehension._

_The bilateral nature of publication underpins the long-established common law
rule that every communication of defamatory matter founds a separate cause of
action._

[emphasis added]

38 In my judgment, Mr Singh is correct in this submission and I turn to
consider the SOC in this light. The first indication that the SOC were not as
broadly scoped as the appellants suggested may be found in the introductory
paragraphs in a section entitled “Part B: Background and Context”. Paragraph 4
states:

The following matters…are in the public domain and/or are of general
knowledge. _At trial, the Plaintiff will refer to the relevant articles and
programmes published in the local print and broadcast media_. [emphasis added]

39 This was a plain indication that the respondents will rely on matters
published in the _local_ print and broadcast media to establish what was in
the public domain or formed part of the general knowledge of those to whom
publication took place. At para 6 of the SOC, the respondents made reference
to “widespread interest in Singapore in what has become known as the ‘NKF
Saga’”. This was a reference to allegations of financial mismanagement
surrounding the National Kidney Foundation (“the NKF”) a charitable
organisation in Singapore. After particularising the details of this saga, the
respondents reiterate at para 7 that “the facts and circumstances set out
herein were extensively reported in the local print and broadcast media and
were and are widely known in Singapore”. Reference is then made in paras 10
through 13 to an action brought by the respondents against certain numbers of
the Singapore Democratic Party in respect of an article published by them
entitled “Government’s role in the NKF scandal”.

40 In Part C of the SOC, the defamatory words are set out. There are
references to publication of these words in the July/August 2006 issue of the
_Review_ as well as on various blogsites and websites on the internet. Part D
pleads the matters relied on by the respondents to establish that the words
complained of refer to them.

41 There then follows Part E which pleads the meaning that the plaintiffs
contend. The material portion of para 23 states:

In the circumstances, the words, _in context_ … and in their natural and
ordinary meaning, meant or were understand to mean … [emphasis added]

42 Paragraph 24 then states:

Further and/or alternatively, the words were understood to bear the meanings
pleaded at paragraph 23 above by way of innuendo.

__  _PARTICULARS_

_PURSUANT TO ORDER 78 RULE 3 OF THE RULES OF COURT_

The Plaintiff will rely on the inference that _a substantial but
unquantifiable number of unidentifiable Singaporeans_ would have watched
and/or read the media reports referred to in Part B herein and would therefore
have knowledge of the facts and/or matters pleaded in Part B herein. They
would therefore have understood the Words in the meanings set out at paragraph
23 above.

[emphasis added]

43 Mr Singh submitted that on a fair perusal of the SOC there is simply no
basis for finding that the respondents were making a claim going beyond the
jurisdiction. Throughout the SOC, the respondents referred to facts within the
knowledge of Singaporeans. The entire context relied upon to establish the
alleged defamatory meaning of the words used consists of matters within the
knowledge of Singaporeans.

44 In my judgment, this is correct. It is plain from a fair reading of the SOC
as a whole that the respondents were in fact alleging that the disputed
article took its sting from the surrounding circumstances known to
Singaporeans by reason of matters that had been very widely publicised in the
local media. If indeed the respondents were seeking relief in respect of
publications outside Singapore, then as Mr Singh observed, it would have been
necessary to set out the context in considerably broader terms in the SOC to
sustain the contention that the defamatory meanings pleaded would also have
been ascribed to the disputed article by readers in other countries.

45 Mr Singh supplemented this by reference to the decision of Gray J in _Al
Amoudi v Brisard_ [2006] 3 All ER 294 to the effect that there was no
presumption of law that publication on the internet takes place to a
substantial and unquantifiable number of people. Gray J had noted in that case
at 301 that publication could be proved by direct evidence or by establishing
a “platform of facts from which the tribunal of fact could properly infer that
substantial publication within the jurisdiction had taken place” Mr Singh
submitted that the pleadings before me simply did not present such a platform
upon which the respondents could invite any inference being drawn as to
publication (in the sense described in _Gutnick_ , [37] _supra_) in any
jurisdiction other than Singapore.

46 In the face of all this, Mr Low was driven to submit that someone in India
or Vietnam for instance, who read the article without the context pleaded by
the respondents might well conclude that it was defamatory. I observed that
this was contrary to the appellants’ primary position that the words used are
not defamatory and Mr Low then retreated somewhat from this.

47 Mr Low did also point to para 20 of the SOC where the respondents are
described as “well known” figures “around the world”. Why was there a need to
particularise this fact if the claim was confined to Singapore? There is a
short answer to this. There is nothing inconsistent between describing the
respondents’ reputations as global in nature and maintaining that the relief
sought was confined to Singapore. These were merely assertions of fact. In
addition, it might be argued that the respondents’ worldwide reputation is
inextricably linked to their reputation in Singapore, and that the gravity of
their loss of reputation in Singapore (if any) should also take into account
the international character of their reputation. It does not fall upon me to
decide whether such an argument will succeed if advanced. What I do have to
decide is whether it would be reasonable to hold by dint of the one-line
description of the respondents as well-known internationally that in truth and
reality, the respondents were seeking to draw the appellants into jurisdiction
with a view to mounting a claim for reputational loss suffered globally. In my
judgment, that plainly would not be reasonable.

48 In the final analysis, it comes down to this: is there any basis upon which
the SOC as pleaded and taken as a whole could sustain a finding of publication
to someone outside Singapore? In my judgment, the answer to that is no. It
follows that the remedies pleaded at para 32 when read in context are confined
to Singapore because the remedies that a court may order are contingent on the
facts that are pleaded in the SOC and subsequently proved. Given my finding
that the particular facts pleaded by the respondents, as to context and
publication, were suitably tailored to confine their claims to Singapore, I am
satisfied that the SOC were not in breach of the requirements of O 11 r 1 of
the Rules.

**_The affidavits_**

49 Even if I were mistaken in my reading of the SOC, any ambiguity is easily
resolved by examining the respondents’ affidavits filed in support of their
applications to serve out of jurisdiction, which clearly limit their claims to
Singapore. The appellants accepted that the affidavits clearly confined the
claim within Singapore. However, they submitted first, that it was not proper
to have reference to the affidavits and second, that the respondents in fact
misrepresented their claim in the affidavits.

50 In support of their argument that the affidavits should not be referred to
in assessing whether a claim falls foul of O 11 r 1 of the Rules, the
appellants cited a passage in _Singapore Court Practice 2006_ (Jeffrey
Pinsler, ed) (LexisNexis, 2006) at para 11/2/3, which states that the legal
basis of a plaintiff’s claim must be set out in the statement of claim. It is
difficult to see how this assists the appellants’ position because that
passage merely explains the distinction between a writ that is to be served
out of the jurisdiction and one that is not. In the latter case, the only
obligation in pleading is to raise the material facts that will be relied on.
Nowhere in that passage is it suggested that the affidavit may not be looked
at to clarify or resolve any ambiguity in a statement of claim when deciding
whether a plaintiff’s claim falls within O 11 r 1 of the Rules. Indeed, an
affidavit is generally the surer indication of the plaintiff’s intentions
because he is not only required to exercise utmost good faith in deposing to
his affidavit (_Transniko v Communications Technology_ [1996] 1 SLR 580 (“
_Transniko_ ”)), he is liable to be prosecuted if he does so falsely. It is
true that there are cases, such as _Eyre_ , where the court set aside the writ
on the basis that the plaintiff’s pleadings did not confine his action to the
home jurisdiction. But this is a far step from holding that an affidavit which
makes it clear that the plaintiff was confining his action to the home
jurisdiction is completely irrelevant and to be ignored. It is also
inconsistent with a line of cases to the opposite effect.

51 In _Thomas v The Duchess Dowager of Hamilton_ (1886) 17 QBD 592 (“ _Thomas_
”), the English Court of Appeal, in deciding whether the judge below had been
correct to impose an undertaking on the plaintiff to limit his claim within
jurisdiction, found that it was proper to have reference to the affidavit
filed in support of the leave application. Lord Esher MR, at 596, wrote:

I think that Day, J., was right in entertaining doubt whether _on the
affidavits_ any breach of the contract was shewn to have taken place in
England, and having that doubt I think it was competent to him to make the
order he did make, and that it should be restored. [emphasis added]

52 In _Kroch v Rossell_ [1937] 1 All ER 725, Slesser LJ at 727 cited
favourably the following observation in _Badische Anilin und Soda Fabrik v
Chemische Fabrik vormals Sandoz_ (1903) 88 LT 490 at 496:

There are many cases in the books in which, after leave has been given to
issue a writ for service out of the jurisdiction and a motion to discharge it
has been refused by a judge of first instance, the Court of Appeal has said
that they thought the order ought to be discharged. _And they have, under
certain circumstances, beyond all doubt gone into the facts of the case with a
view to considering whether the plaintiff had or had not a probable cause of
action such as ought to be tried against a defendant out of the jurisdiction.
It seems to me that the court is bound to some extent to look to the
affidavits, and to see, what is the real point in issue between the parties_.
[emphasis added]

53 In my view, the point simply is this: if at the stage of the application
for leave to serve out, a court is entitled to scrutinise a plaintiff’s
affidavit to assess whether the claim falls within O 11 r 1 of the Rules
(that, after all, being the very point of filing the affidavit in support of
the application), it would be illogical to hold that if a challenge is
subsequently brought against the jurisdiction of the court, the reviewing
court may not look at the affidavit. When the affidavits filed by the
respondents in this action are considered, the specificity with which these
affidavits address the scope of the reliefs sought against the appellants is
more than sufficient to dispel any lingering uncertainty that may persist. In
this regard, as I have noted at [24] above, there was no dispute that the
affidavits did make it very clear that the respondents’ claims were confined
to Singapore.

54 The appellants then submitted that the respondents, in stating in their
affidavits that their claim was limited to Singapore, had misrepresented the
true nature of their claim and therefore failed in their obligation to give
full and frank disclosure. This argument was quite seriously misconceived on
several grounds. First, it rests upon this court agreeing, that the SOC did
not properly limit the claim to Singapore. Since I have found that the SOC did
limit the scope of the respondents’ claim to Singapore, this argument cannot
stand on the facts.

55 More importantly, I had considerable difficulty following Mr Low’s argument
on this point. The affidavit for leave to serve out of the jurisdiction was
filed within three days of the writ. I note that the allegation being made was
that the respondents by stating in their affidavits that their claims were
confined to Singapore, had deliberately misrepresented the position. I asked
Mr Low if he was suggesting that the respondents were aware that the SOC
impermissibly sought relief outside Singapore and were saying the contrary in
the affidavit in an attempt to fool the court into giving leave to serve the
SOC out of the jurisdiction. He initially answered in the affirmative but this
led to my next query: why would they do that since it was inconceivable in the
light of what was clearly set out in the affidavits that they could possibly
have maintained such claims? Mr Low was unable to respond to this beyond
stating quite candidly that he saw the force of the observation that underlay
my question. In my judgment, this was a hopeless allegation that made no sense
at all. The respondents could not have been trying to preserve a claim for
relief outside Singapore when their affidavits clearly disavowed any such
intent.

56 I finally add the observation that even if a plaintiff is found to have
been less than forthcoming in his affidavit, that would only entitle but not
require a court to set aside the order granting leave to serve out of
jurisdiction. In _Transniko_ (at [50] above), Kan Ting Chiu J summarised the
applicable principles in the following manner (at [11] and [12]):

11 Where an _ex parte_ application for leave to serve a writ out of
jurisdiction was made, the applicant is under a duty to make full and frank
disclosure of all matters material to the application. We need only to refer
to the most recent of the cases on this point cited by counsel for the
defendants, the English Court of Appeal’s decision in _Trafalgar Tours Ltd v
Henry_ [1990] 2 Lloyd’s Rep 298, where Purchas LJ (with whom Nourse and Beldam
LJJ concurred) said (at p 308) that ‘there is a heavy duty upon those applying
_ex parte_ under RSC O 11, r 1 for leave to serve a writ out of the
jurisdiction … to make full and frank disclosure.’

12 The duty on the applicant is onerous, and if he fails to discharge it, the
leave granted may be set aside even if the non-disclosure is innocent. In
_Lazard Brothers & Co v Midland Bank Ltd_ [1933] AC 289, Lord Wright held (at
pp 306–307) that although the failure in that case was not tainted with the
slightest suggestion of bad faith, ‘ _The court has a discretion to set aside
an order made_ ex parte _when the applicant has failed to make sufficient or
candid disclosure_.’ [emphasis added]

This was followed by Woo Bih Li JC (as he then was) in _PT Garuda Indonesia v
Birgen Air_ [2001] SGHC 262.

57 That the power of the court to set aside leave granted to serve out of
jurisdiction is discretionary may also be gleaned from the approach of the
courts taken in relation to affidavits filed in support of _ex parte_
injunctions. In _Asian Corporate Services (SEA) v Eastwest Management
(Singapore Branch)_ [2006] 1 SLR 901, the Court of Appeal held:

43 We now turn to the final issue as to whether there had been material non-
disclosure. It is settled law that on an _ex parte_ application, the applicant
must disclose to the court all matters within his knowledge or which ought to
have been within his knowledge, which are material to the proceedings and
which may be in favour of the party against whom the application is made: see
_The King v The General Commissioners for the Purposes of the Income Tax Acts
for the District of Kensington, ex parte Princess Edmond de Polignac_ [1917] 1
KB 486 at 514 and _Tay Long Kee Impex Pte Ltd v Tan Beng Huwah_ [2000] 2 SLR
750 (“ _Tay Long Kee Impex_ ”) at [21].

…

45 However, it does not follow that every non-disclosure would warrant a
discharge forthwith. Whether a non-disclosure is of sufficient materiality to
justify or require an immediate discharge of the _ex parte_ order without
going into the merits, must depend on the importance of the fact to the issues
which are to be decided by the judge on the _ex parte_ application. Even then,
sometimes, “[a] locus poenitentiae may … be afforded”: see _Brink’s Mat Ltd v
Elcombe_ [1988] 1 WLR 1350 at 1357. Of course “material” does not mean
decisive or conclusive: see _Tay Long Kee Impex_ at [21]

58 There is no reason in principle why there should be a difference in
approach between an application for leave to serve out of jurisdiction (under
s 16(1) of the SCJA) and one for an injunction (pursuant to s 18(1) of the
SCJA read with ss 3(_a_) and 4(10) of the Civil Law Act (Cap 43, 1994 Rev Ed)
as well as s 18(2) of the SCJA read with para 5 of the First Schedule to the
SCJA). Both situations deal with the consequences of misleading a court to
exercise its powers in circumstances where, by their nature, the court would
not have had the benefit of opposing counsel. If, in relation to the
imposition of _ex parte_ injunctions (including draconian _Anton Piller_
orders and worldwide Mareva injunctions), it is not necessarily just to set
aside the order solely because the affidavit supporting the injunction had
been misleading in some way, it follows that the power to set aside an order
granting leave to serve out of the jurisdiction on the basis of a supporting
affidavit that was similarly misleading is equally a matter for the court’s
discretion. In this regard, it is apposite to refer to a recent judgment of
the English High Court in _Network Telecom (Europe) Ltd v Telephone Systems
International Inc_ [2004] 1 All ER (Comm) 418. In that case, the court had to
decide whether there was a continuing obligation on a plaintiff who had been
granted leave to serve out of the jurisdiction to inform the court of any new
circumstances that occurred between the time leave was granted and the process
was served. The court concluded that there was such an obligation. In that
case, Burton J referred to the similar nature of the requirements applicable
to affidavits supporting _ex parte_ injunctions on the one hand and leave for
service out on the other. At [53], he held:

A court willing to make that kind of order at the instance of one party has to
rely on that party to make the fullest and frankest disclosures of any matter
that might affect the mind of the judge in granting the order, even to waver,
never mind actually to refuse to make the order, but the rule as to full and
frank disclosure is not limited to Mareva or _Anton Pillers_ or to _ex parte_
injunctions. Indeed just as old as the 'golden rule' in relation to
injunctions is the identical rule in principle, applicable to service out of
the jurisdiction. …

59 Then, in discussing the possible sanctions for non-disclosure of material
facts, Burton J remarked, at [66], that:

This issue applies as much in relation to service out of the jurisdiction as
it does in relation to a Mareva injunction or an _Anton Piller_. …

60 In my judgment, while a court has the power to set aside an order granting
leave to serve out for breach of the “golden rule” that there be full and
frank disclosure during the leave application (even if that breach was
committed innocently), this is ultimately a discretionary power and a court is
entitled to examine all the circumstances of the case to determine whether in
any given case that is to be exercised. Because I have found that there has
been no material non-disclosure at all in this case (see [55] above), it is
not necessary for me to say anything further on this point.

**_The undertaking_**

61 Finally, Mr Singh submitted that even if the SOC were ambiguous as to the
scope of the reliefs sought against the appellants, and assuming further that
the affidavits filed in support of the respondents’ application for leave to
serve out did nothing to clarify matters, the undertaking that he had
proffered sufficed to address any possible cause for concern.

62 The appellants, on the other hand, disputed the notion that any uncertainty
in the SOC could be cured by an undertaking. In particular, Mr Low relied on
this passage in _Eyre_ ([25] _supra_ at 854–855):

Here it seems to me that the plaintiff is claiming damages in New Zealand for
loss of reputation both in New Zealand and Australia. The pleadings do not
confine him to the cause of action arising within the jurisdiction. This
exceeds the jurisdiction of the court and in addition I am not satisfied there
is a question of substance in this country. _I have not overlooked the fact
that counsel for the plaintiff has offered to give me an undertaking that
proceedings will not be commenced in Australia_. [emphasis added]

63 There were two reasons underlying the court’s decision in _Eyre_ to set
aside the order granting leave: the first was that the pleadings exceeded the
jurisdiction of the court (_ie_ , the issue that has been raised before me)
and the second was because the extent of the tort allegedly committed in New
Zealand was not sufficiently substantial. The observation of the court on the
relevance of the undertaking was directed at the first of these reasons. It is
clear in my view that _Eyre_ cannot support the proposition that the
appellants urge upon me. An undertaking not to commence proceedings in other
jurisdictions cannot redress the wrong that consists in the pleadings not
limiting the claim to reliefs within the home jurisdiction. That is
commonsensical. The undertaking in _Eyre_ addressed a completely different
point, namely the concern of multiplicity of proceedings. But it did nothing
to address the concern that the proceedings in New Zealand sought relief for
wrongs allegedly done and damages allegedly suffered in Australia. The present
appeals are starkly different because the respondents have undertaken not to
pursue in Singapore any claim except those relating to Singapore. This is
precisely what the undertaking offered by the plaintiff in _Eyre_ did not do.

64 Set against this is a line of cases holding that an undertaking such as the
one proffered on behalf of the respondents in the present appeal would
ordinarily suffice to cure any deficiency in the pleadings. From as far back
as _Sutton_ ([26] _supra_), the courts have accepted that an undertaking not
to pursue claims exceeding jurisdiction would cure a potentially defective
writ or statement of claim. That case concerned an action for libel printed in
a newspaper edited and published in Jersey but also circulated in England. The
court was of the view that while there was sufficient publication in England
to justify service out of jurisdiction, the plaintiff had to give an
undertaking to confine his cause of action to the harm suffered in England.
Having failed to give the undertaking, the court set aside the writ.

65 In _Thomas_ ([51] _supra_), the English Court of Appeal held that it was
proper for the judge in the court below to extract an undertaking from the
plaintiff to limit his claim to relief within the jurisdiction if it was
doubtful whether the claim would be so restricted. Lord Esher MR, who
delivered the leading judgment, observed, at 596, that:

I cannot say that the affidavits shew clearly to my mind that there was any
breach of the contract in England. It may turn out that there was, but the
affidavits leave the matter in great doubt, and when that is the case _I am of
[the] opinion that a judge does not go beyond his discretion when he imposes
such conditions as have been imposed here_. [emphasis added]

66 Bowen LJ, citing _Sutton_ , also made the same point, remarking at 597
that:

When the matter comes before the judge at chambers it is for him to consider
whether there is a real danger that the plaintiff may be unjustly and
unnecessarily bringing the defendant into the jurisdiction of the English
Courts, whether the application is made bona fide, and whether the action
appears to be based upon any breach of the contract within the jurisdiction.
In exercising his discretion what more natural and simple than that the judge
should impose an undertaking upon the plaintiff that he will not abuse the
process of the Court?

67 In my judgment, it was well within the discretion of the assistant
registrar to extract the undertaking that she did from the respondents if she
entertained any doubt that the relief sought by the respondents was not
confined to the jurisdiction. However, this was unnecessary in the
circumstances. Having regard to the proper construction that is to be placed
upon the SOC as well as the express terms of the affidavits, there was simply
no room for any concern that the respondents would abuse the court’s process
by claiming damages or injunctive relief for injury suffered outside
Singapore.

**_Conclusion on abuse of process_**

68 I fully accept the proposition that the jurisdiction of our courts should
only be invoked to bring a foreign defendant here if the requirements of O 11
r 1 of the Rules have been met; in other words, where there is the requisite
nexus between the claim pursued and this jurisdiction. The question on appeal
was whether the respondents (as plaintiffs) had limited their claim to
Singapore. In my judgment, they had done so. Whether one analyses, severally
or cumulatively, the SOC, the affidavits filed in support of their application
for leave to serve out and the undertaking proffered by Mr Singh, there is no
doubt in my mind that the risk of the respondents abusing this court’s process
is fanciful and therefore to be disregarded.

Manner of service

69 The second basis upon which the appellants challenge the jurisdiction of
this court relates to the manner in which service was effected. The appellants
contend that the jurisdiction of this court over a foreign defendant may be
exercised only if service of the writ in the foreign jurisdiction has been
effected in an appropriate manner: s 16(1)(_a_)(ii) of the SCJA and [20]–[21]
above. The respondents had sought to effect service using a process server in
Hong Kong who personally served Mr Restall and left a copy of the relevant
documents at the registered address of the _Review_. The respondents submitted
that this method of service was appropriate because all that O 11 r 4(2)(_c_)
of the Rules requires is that service be effected “by a method authorised by
the law of _that_ country for service of any originating process _issued by
that country_.” The methods of service employed by the respondents are
consistent with those allowed under the relevant rules of Hong Kong: see O 10
read with O 65 of the Hong Kong Rules of High Court (Cap 4) and s 356 of the
Companies Ordinance (Cap 32); and further, W S Clarke, _Hong Kong Civil Court
Practice_ (LexisNexis, Desk Edition, 2003) at 50–54 and 747–751.

70 The appellants, on the other hand, submitted that the respondents’ position
was misconceived because the applicable provision under the Rules for purposes
of this case was O 11 r 4(1) – and not O 11 r 4(2) – as there subsists a civil
procedure convention between Singapore and Hong Kong by which the respondents
were to abide. The appellants submitted that service that was not effected in
accordance with O 11 r 4(1) was not proper service and ought to be set aside.
The civil procedure convention in question is the Treaty ([5] _supra_) which
was concluded between the People’s Republic of China (“PRC”) and Singapore on
28 April 1997 (_ie_ , at a time when Hong Kong was still under British rule).

71 The respondents countered this in two ways. First, they produced a letter
from the Ministry of Foreign Affairs dated 13 October 2006 (“the MFA letter”),
which stated as follows:

2\. The application of a treaty to Hong Kong is governed by Article 153 of the
Hong Kong Basic law, which provides that such matters are to be decided by the
Central People’s Government after seeking the views of the Government of the
Hong Kong Special Administrative Region.

3\. The Department of Justice of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region
has confirmed to us that the Treaty is not applicable.

This was later reiterated in a letter dated 8 November 2006 in which the
Ministry of Foreign Affairs also stated that it regarded the confirmation by
the Department of Justice of Hong Kong that the Treaty does not extend to Hong
Kong as authoritative. Second, the respondents maintained that whether the
Treaty extended to Hong Kong was a question of Hong Kong law and in support of
their position they produced an expert opinion from a senior practitioner at
the Hong Kong Bar, Mr Rimsky Yuen, SC. Mr Yuen’s opinion also addressed the
question whether the manner of service employed on the respondents’ behalf was
in accordance with the laws of Hong Kong.

72 In response, the appellants produced an expert opinion from Prof Gillian
Doreen Triggs who opined that the question whether the Treaty extended to Hong
Kong was one of public international law. In her opinion, the Treaty did so
extend. The respondents then filed the expert opinion of Prof Alan Vaughan
Lowe who reached the opposite conclusion to Prof Triggs as a matter of public
international law.

73 I propose to analyse the submissions as to the applicability of the Treaty
to Hong Kong in two stages. First, what is the effect of the MFA letter? How
much weight is to be accorded to it? Is it merely relevant evidence, or is it,
as Mr Singh proposed, decisive? Second, if the MFA letter does not dispose of
the matter, have the respondents proved their position on a balance of
probabilities?

**_Effect of the MFA letter_**

74 Article 29 of the 1969 Vienna Convention on the Law of Treaties (“the
VCLT”), provides that unless a different intention appears from the treaty or
is otherwise established, a treaty is binding upon each party in respect of
its entire territory. The question then is whether a different intention
appears from the Treaty or has otherwise been established in this context. The
MFA letter may be potentially relevant to the extent it sheds light on the
intention of the signatories to the Treaty at the relevant time. If both
Singapore and the PRC had intended that the Treaty would or would not apply to
Hong Kong, that would certainly be relevant evidence. A second way in which
the MFA letter might potentially be material is as evidence of subsequent
state practice in the application of the treaty, which under art 31(3)(_b_) of
the VCLT is to be taken into account in interpreting a treaty.

75 Mr Singh however went further than this and submitted that the MFA letter
ought to be given conclusive and irrebuttable evidential weight because, it
was said, the courts would not in matters of this nature depart from the views
of the executive branch of government. He rested this submission on the
principle of separation of powers. He cited four cases in support. The first
of these was _The Fagernes_ [1927] P 311, which concerned the question whether
the waters in which a collision had taken place were within the territorial
sovereignty of England. Lawrence LJ noted that there was no controlling treaty
or convention or other executive act of the government expressly sanctioning
or recognising any territorial rights over the area in question. However, the
court requested the opinion of the Attorney-General. Upon being informed by
him that the Secretary of State for the Home Affairs had answered the question
in the negative, the court (with the exception of Bankes LJ who remained
silent on the point) held that it should take judicial notice of the
executive’s statement and treat it as conclusive. Atkin LJ observed (at 324):

What is the territory of the Crown is a matter of which the Court takes
judicial notice. The Court has, therefore, to inform itself from the best
material available; and on such a matter it may be its duty to obtain its
information from the appropriate department of Government. Any definitive
statement from the proper representative of the Crown as to the territory of
the Crown must be treated as conclusive. A conflict is not to be contemplated
between the Courts and the Executive on such a matter, where foreign interests
may be concerned, and where responsibility for protection and administration
is of paramount importance to the Government of the country…

I think, however, that it is desirable to make it clear that this is not a
decision on a point of law, and that no responsibility rests upon this Court
save that of treating the statement of the Crown by its proper officer as
conclusive.

76 Lawrence LJ made a similar observation, at 329–330:

[I]t is highly expedient, if not essential, that in a matter of this kind the
Courts of the King should act in unison with the Government of the King…In
view of [the] answer [by the Attorney-General], given with the authority of
the Home Secretary upon a matter which is peculiarly within the cognizance of
the Home Office, this Court could not, in my opinion, properly do otherwise
than hold that the alleged tort was not committed within the jurisdiction of
the High Court.

77 The next case Mr Singh relied on was _Aksionairnoye Obschestvo AM Luther v
Sagor and Co_ [1921] 3 KB 532 where the Russian Socialist Federal Soviet
Republic had passed a decree in June 1918 declaring all mechanical sawmills to
be of a certain capital value and all woodworking establishments belonging to
private or limited companies to be the property of the Republic. Agents of the
Republic seized the plaintiffs’ factory in 1919 and sold its stock to the
defendants, who subsequently exported it to England. The plaintiffs commenced
an action for a declaration that they were entitled to the wood. The question
to be answered was whether from June 1918, the Republic was recognised by the
United Kingdom as a sovereign state. If so, the plaintiffs would necessarily
fail because it was not open to the courts of one country to question the acts
of a government of another sovereign state. Before the English Court of
Appeal, evidence was adduced in the form of two letters from the Foreign
Office confirming that the United Kingdom did recognise the Soviet Government
as the _de facto_ Government of Russia. Bankes LJ appeared to assume the
conclusiveness of these letters, holding at 543, that:

The Government of this country having…recognised the Soviet Government as the
Government really in possession of the powers of sovereignty in Russia, the
acts of that Government must be treated by the Courts of this country with all
the respect due to the acts of a duly recognised foreign sovereign state.

78 Both Warrington LJ, at 548, and Scrutton LJ, at 556, relied on the decision
of Lord Esher MR in _Mighell v The Sultan of Johore_ [1894] 1 QB 149 at 158
that “once there is the authoritative certificate of the Queen through her
minister of state as to the status of another sovereign, that in the Court of
this country is decisive”. As such, the letters from the Foreign Office were
treated as conclusive as to the status of the Soviet Government.

79 The third case cited was a decision of the Court of Appeal in _Civil
Aeronautics Administration v Singapore Airlines Limited_ [2004] 1 SLR 570 (“
_Singapore Airlines_ ”). That case also dealt with the question of the
recognition of sovereign status. Singapore Airlines was sued by passengers
injured in an accident that occurred at an airport under the control of the
Civil Aeronautics Administration (“the CAA”) and the former applied to join
the latter as a third party to the suit. The CAA resisted this, arguing that
it was a department under the Government of Taiwan and hence immune from the
jurisdiction of the Singapore courts under the State Immunity Act (Cap 313,
1985 Rev Ed). This argument could only succeed if Taiwan was recognised by
Singapore as a sovereign state. When the CAA attempted to have the Ministry of
Foreign Affairs issue a certificate recognising Taiwan as a state, the
Ministry declined to do so. The Court of Appeal eventually heard the case and
made the following remarks:

22 A question such as that which arises in the present case, whether an entity
is a State so as to enjoy sovereign immunity in Singapore, is eminently a
matter within the exclusive province of the Executive to determine, as what
are involved in the question are not only matters of fact but also matters of
policy. The courts are not in the best position to decide such a question.
This explains why Parliament had by s 18 in the Act conferred upon the
Executive the power to make a conclusive determination whether a State is
recognised for the purposes of the Act. In our adversarial system of
administration of justice, evidence is adduced by the parties. But even as
regards facts, there may be matters of fact which are not within the public
domain but which may be known only to the Executive. Therefore, to allow such
a question to be determined wholly on the basis of evidence adduced by the
parties not only protracts a trial, it also leaves much to be desired as it
could very well be that all pertinent facts and circumstances might not be
before the court …

27 It is really not for the courts to get themselves involved in international
relations. The courts are ill-equipped to deal with them. If the answer of the
Executive to a query is not clear enough, the proper recourse would be for the
court to seek further clarification and not to second-guess the Executive or
to determine the answer independently based on evidence placed before it. This
is the most expedient and sensible option, an option resorted to by Roche J in
_Aksionairnoye_. See also _Carl-Zeiss-Stiftung v Rayner and Keeler, Ltd (No
2)_ [1966] 2 All ER 536 at 546 _per_ Lord Reid. The court should not, on its
own, reach a conclusion which is inconsistent with the answer given by the
Executive.

80 To put the case in its proper context, it is important to appreciate that
the court did not hold that even within the limited field of state
recognition, all such questions are to be conclusively answered by the
executive. In fact, the court observed that the issue of jurisdictional
immunity was “special”:

25 But, as mentioned before, the question of sovereign immunity is special and
should be treated differently from the general question whether a State has
come into being. It is incongruous to say that a State is required to accord
sovereign immunity to another State when the latter is not recognised by the
former. Bearing in mind the pre-eminence given to recognition by virtue of s
18 of the Act, the question of sovereign immunity clearly stands on a
different footing from other questions in which the existence of a State comes
into issue.

26 Even _Starke’s International Law_ (11th Ed, 1994), which is relied upon by
counsel for CAA in support of their argument, recognises that the question of
state immunity is special. In discussing the UK State Immunity Act 1978, the
author states (at 136):

However, a statement by the executive that a particular government is _not_
treated as such does not preclude a British court from holding that such
government is a sovereign government, or is in control of the territory
concerned, especially in relation to questions not involving jurisdictional
immunity.

[emphasis in original]

81 The fourth, and perhaps most interesting, case was a recent decision of the
English Court of Appeal. _R (on an application of Gentle and another) v Prime
Minister_ [2006] All ER (D) 147 (Dec) (“ _Gentle_ ”), is one among a number of
suits filed in relation to the ongoing war in Iraq led by the United States
and the United Kingdom. The plaintiffs in the case were mothers of soldiers
who had lost their lives serving in Iraq and who sought an independent inquiry
into the circumstances leading to the invasion of Iraq and whether the
government had taken reasonable steps to be satisfied that the invasion of
Iraq was lawful. This, the mothers urged, was the government’s obligation by
virtue of Art 2 of the European Convention on Human Rights (“the ECHR”) which
imposes on member states substantive and procedural obligations not to take
life without justification and to establish a framework of laws, precautions,
procedures and means of enforcement which would, to the greatest extent
reasonably practicable, protect life. The government opposed this and
contended, among other things, that the decision to deploy armed forces in a
foreign conflict was not justiciable and nothing in the ECHR made it so.

82 Sir Anthony Clarke MR, writing for the court, commenced his analysis by
examining the position apart from the ECHR. He observed, at [26]:

Absent the Convention, the starting point is the proposition that issues
relating to the conduct of international relations and military operations
outside the United Kingdom are not justiciable. That proposition is supported
by two further propositions. The first is that constitutionally such matters
lie within the exclusive prerogative of the executive and the second is that
they are governed by international and not domestic law.

83 Explaining the first of these propositions, Sir Anthony Clarke MR cited _R
(Abbasi) v Secretary of State for Foreign and Commonwealth Affairs_ [2002]
EWCA Civ 1598 (“ _Abbasi_ ”), which in turn referred to the landmark decision
of the House of Lords in _Council of Civil Service Unions v Minister for the
Civil Service_ [1985] 1 AC 374 (“the _GCHQ_ case”), which involved an
executive decision to forbid employees of the Government Communications
Headquarters from being members in a trade union on the grounds of national
security. In the _GCHQ_ case, Lord Scarman held at 407 that “the controlling
factor in determining whether the exercise of prerogative power is subject to
judicial review is not its source but its subject matter.” Elaborating on the
categories of prerogative decision which are unjusticiable, Lord Diplock, at
409–410, observed:

Nevertheless, whatever label may be attached to them there have unquestionably
survived into the present day a residue of miscellaneous fields of law in
which the executive government retains decision-making powers that are not
dependent upon any statutory authority but nevertheless have consequences on
the private rights or legitimate expectations of other persons which would
render the decision subject to judicial review if the power of the decision-
maker to make them were statutory in origin. From matters so relatively minor
as the grant of pardons to condemned criminals, of honours to the good and
great, of corporate personality to deserving bodies of persons, and of bounty
from moneys made available to the executive government by Parliament, they
extend to matters so vital to the survival and welfare of the nation as the
conduct of relations with foreign states and – what lies at the heart of the
present case – the defence of the realm against potential enemies.

84 Explaining why certain decisions should not be reviewed by the courts, Lord
Diplock went on to say, at 411:

Such decisions will generally involve the application of government policy.
The reasons for the decision-maker taking one course rather than another do
not normally involve questions to which, if disputed, the judicial process is
adapted to provide the right answer, by which I mean that the kind of evidence
that is admissible under judicial procedures and the way in which it has to be
adduced tend to exclude from the attention of the court competing policy
considerations which, if the executive discretion is to be wisely exercised,
need to be weighed against one another – a balancing exercise which judges by
their upbringing and experience are ill-qualified to perform.

85 Lord Fraser in the _GCHQ_ case also observed that many of the most
important prerogative powers were concerned with the control of armed forces
and with foreign policy.

86 Sir Anthony Clarke MR then illustrated the second of the propositions by
reference to _R (CND) v Prime Minister_ [2002] EWHC 277 (admin) (“ _CND_ ”),
where the court refused judicial review in the context of construing United
Nations Security Council Resolution 1441 primarily on the basis that the court
should not declare the meaning of an international instrument that operates
purely on the plane of international law. The courts may only pronounce on
some issue of international law where it is necessary to do so in order to
determine rights and obligations under domestic law. Simon Brown LJ held as
follows:

36\. Should the court declare the meaning of an international instrument
operating purely on the plane of international law? In my judgment the answer
is plainly no. All of the cases relied upon by the applicants in which the
court has pronounced upon some issue of international law are cases where it
has been necessary to do so in order to determine rights and obligations under
domestic law...[T]he domestic courts are the surety for the lawful exercise of
public power only with regard to domestic law; they are not charged with
policing the United Kingdom's conduct on the international plane. That is for
the International Court of Justice. Mr Singh was quite unable to point to any
case in which the domestic courts have ruled on a matter of international law
in no way bearing on to the application of domestic law.

37\. What is sought here is a ruling on the interpretation of an international
instrument, no more and no less. It is one thing...for our courts to consider
the application of an international treaty by reference to the facts of an
individual case...It is quite another thing to pronounce generally upon a
treaty’s true interpretation and effect. There is no distinction between the
position of the United Kingdom and that of all other States to whom Resolution
1441 applies. Why should the English courts presume to give an authoritative
ruling on its meaning? Plainly such a ruling would not bind other States. How
could our assumption of jurisdiction here be regarded around the world as
anything other than an exorbitant arrogation of adjudicative power?

87 Rationalising the decision not to pronounce on the meaning of Resolution
1441, Maurice Kay LJ remarked at [50]:

It is clear from [the _GCHQ_ case] that the controlling factor in considering
whether a particular exercise or, for present purposes, prospective exercise
of prerogative power is susceptible to judicial review is “not its source but
its subject matter” (Lord Scarman, at p 407). It is also clear from that
milestone authority that there are subject matters which are, in the language
of Lord Phillips of Worth Matravers MR in _Abbasi_ , “forbidden areas” (para
106(iii)). The first reason why the present application must fail is that its
subject-matter is one of those forbidden areas. In my judgment this is not
because of an exercise of judicial discretion. It is a matter of principle. If
it were purely a matter of discretion there would be circumstances in which
the discretion could only be exercised after full consideration of the
substantive case. It is because it is a matter of principle that I feel able
to dismiss the present application on a preliminary issue without full
consideration of the substantive case...I readily accept that the ambit of the
“forbidden areas” is not immutable and that cases such as [_R v Foreign
Secretary, ex parte Everett_ [1989] 1 QB 811] and _Bentley_ [2001] 1 Cr App
307 CA illustrate how the areas identified by Lord Roskill in the [_GCHQ_]
case have been reduced. However, the authorities provide no hint of retreat in
relation to the subject- matter of the present case. This is hardly
surprising. Foreign policy and the deployment of the armed forces remain non-
justiciable. That is the first basis upon which I would refuse the present
application. …

88 Richards J also took a similar approach. He gave two reasons for his
conclusion. First, he said (at [59]):

[I]t is frequently important for the successful conduct of international
affairs that matters should not be reduced to simple black and white, but
should be left as shades of grey and open for diplomatic negotiation; and in
relation specifically to Resolution 1441 it would be detrimental to the
conduct of this country’s international relations for the Government to go
further than its considered position. In the face of that evidence, it seems
to me clear that the legal issue cannot in practice be divorced from the
conduct of international relations and that by entertaining the present claim
and ruling on the interpretation of Resolution 1441 the court would be
interfering with, indeed damaging, the Government's conduct of international
relations.

89 Secondly, he found that the true purpose of seeking a definitive
interpretation on Resolution 1441 was to tie the Government's hands in future
military action (at [59]):

A plain purpose of the present claim is to discourage or inhibit the
Government from using armed force against Iraq without a further Security
Council resolution. Thus the claim is an attempt to limit the Government’s
freedom of movement in relation to the actual use of military force as well as
in relation to the exercise of diplomatic pressure in advance. That takes it
squarely into the fields of foreign affairs and defence. In my view it is
unthinkable that the national courts would entertain a challenge to a
Government decision to declare war or to authorise the use of armed force
against a third country. That is a classic example of a non-justiciable
decision.

90 Returning to the decision in _Gentle_ , having decided that the claim was
not justiciable as a matter of common law, Sir Anthony Clarke MR then went on
to construe whether Art 2 of the ECHR made the plaintiffs’ claim justiciable.
He held that it did not because an inquiry as to whether the Government had
taken reasonable care to ensure that its armed forces would not be sent on an
operation which was unlawful under international law would invariably
implicate the question of whether the decision to send troops to Iraq was
lawful. Yet, as even counsel for plaintiffs accepted, it is universally
accepted that absent bad faith, it was inappropriate for the court to
judicially review such a decision.

91 Before I distill the principles that arise from these cases, it is useful
to refer to a couple more cases that were not cited to me but which are
helpful in clarifying to some extent where the boundaries of unreviewable
executive prerogative lie. The first is _R v Foreign Secretary of State for
Foreign and Commonwealth Affairs ex p Everett_ [1989] 1 QB 811 (“ _Everett_
”), which followed close on the heels of the _GCHQ_ case ([83] _supra_) and
concerned the question whether an executive decision to issue a passport was
subject to judicial review. Rationalising the decision in the _GCHQ_ case,
Taylor LJ, at 820, observed:

The majority of their Lordships indicated that whether judicial review of the
exercise of a prerogative power is open depends upon the subject matter and in
particular whether it is justiciable. At the top of the scale of executive
functions under the Prerogative are matters of high policy, of which examples
were given by their Lordships; making treaties, making war, dissolving
parliament, mobilising the armed forces. Clearly those matters and no doubt a
number of others are not justiciable but the grant or refusal of a passport is
in a quite different category. It is a matter of administrative decision
affecting the right of individuals and their freedom of travel. It raises
issues which are just as justiciable as, for example, the issues arising in
immigration cases.

92 _Everett_ was cited by the English Court of Appeal in _Abbasi_ ([83]
_supra_), which dealt with whether it was proper to compel the Foreign Office
to make representations on behalf of a citizen alleged to have been
arbitrarily detained by the United States or to take other appropriate action
or failing that, to give an explanation as to why this has not been done. The
court held that this was unjusticiable and said, at [85]:

Those extracts [from the _GCHQ_ case] indicate that the issue of
justiciability depends, not on general principle, but on subject matter and
suitability in the particular case. That is illustrated by the subsequent case
of _R v Foreign Secretary ex p. Everett_ [1989] 1QB 811. This court held,
following the _GCHQ_ case, that a decision taken under the prerogative whether
or not to issue a passport was subject to judicial review, although relief was
refused on the facts of that particular case. Lord Justice Taylor, at p.820,
summarised the effect of the _GCHQ_ case as making clear that the powers of
the court “cannot be ousted merely by invoking the word ‘prerogative’”...

93 Lord Phillips MR continued thus at [107]:

On no view would it be appropriate to order the Secretary of State to make any
specific representations to the United States, even in the face of what
appears to be a clear breach of a fundamental human right, as it is obvious
that this would have an impact on the conduct of foreign policy, and an impact
on such policy at a particularly delicate time.

94 Finally, in _R (Marchiori) v The Environment Agency_ [2002] EuLR 225 (“
_Marchiori_ ”), the English Court of Appeal faced a request for judicial
review of an executive decision authorising certain contractors to discharge
radioactive waste from two nuclear sites, both military installations
manufacturing nuclear warheads, as part of the Government’s controversial
Trident programme. It is worth quoting from the judgment of Laws LJ at some
length:

38\. Taking all these materials together, it seems to me, first, to be plain
that the law of England will not contemplate what may be called a merits
review of any honest decision of government upon matters of national defence
policy. Without going into other cases which a full discussion might require,
I consider that there is more than one reason for this. The first, and most
obvious, is that the court is unequipped to judge such merits or demerits. The
second touches more closely the relationship between the elected and unelected
arms of government. The graver a matter of State and the more widespread its
possible effects, the more respect will be given, within the framework of the
constitution, to the democracy to decide its outcome. The defence of the
realm, which is the Crown’s first duty, is the paradigm of so grave a matter.
Potentially such a thing touches the security of everyone; and everyone will
look to the government they have elected for wise and effective decisions. Of
course they may or may not be satisfied, and their satisfaction or otherwise
will sound in the ballot-box. There is not, and cannot be, any expectation
that the unelected judiciary play any role in such questions, remotely
comparable to that of government. The position is not unlike that taken by
their Lordships’ House in relation to attempts to challenge government
decisions of what is sometimes called “macro-economic” policy: see for example
_Ex p. Nottinghamshire CC_ [1986] AC 240 and _Ex p. Hammersmith and Fulham
LBC_ [1991] 1 AC 521; and this approach is, I conceive, consistent with recent
observations in the House of Lords in cases such as _Kebilene_ [2000] 2 AC 326
and _R v A_ [2001] 2 WLR 1546 as to the deference owed by the court to the
democratic decision-maker.

39\. I recognize that the notion of so grave a matter of State lacks sharp
edges. But it is now a commonplace that the intensity of judicial review
depends upon the context (see for example _Daly_ [2001] 2 WLR 1622 per Lord
Steyn at paragraph 28). One context will shade into another; there is for
instance a distinction between a deportation decision affecting a specific
individual (as in _Rehman_ [2001] 3 WLR 877) and a decision of defence policy
(such as Trident), though both involve matters of national security.

40\. Secondly, however, this primacy which the common law accords to elected
government in matters of defence is by no means the whole story. Democracy
itself requires that all public power be lawfully conferred and exercised, and
of this the courts are the surety. No matter how grave the policy issues
involved, the courts will be alert to see that no use of power exceeds its
proper constitutional bounds. There is no conflict between this and the fact
that upon questions of national defence, the courts will recognise that they
are in no position to set limits upon the lawful exercise of discretionary
power in the name of reasonableness. Judicial review remains available to cure
the theoretical possibility of actual bad faith on the part of ministers
making decisions of high policy.

95 It is appropriate now to take stock of the general principles that may be
distilled from the foregoing discussion. In my judgment, the issue is much
more textured than it at first appears. The first point to be made is that
there are clearly provinces of executive decision-making that are, and should
be, immune from judicial review. This comes as no surprise and is merely a
reflection of the constitutional doctrine of the separation of powers. The
doctrine of the separation of powers, as seen from the _dicta_ cited above,
undoubtedly informs the constitutional structure of the Westminster model of
governance, on which our own constitutional framework is based.

96 Second, within the span of executive decisions that are immune from
judicial review are those involving matters of “high policy”. This includes
such matters as dissolving parliament, the conduct of foreign affairs, the
making of treaties, matters pertaining to war, the deployment of the armed
forces and issues pertaining to national defence. These are what the American
courts call “political questions” and the reasons underlying the deference
accorded to the executive branch of government in such areas have been
articulated in the cases I have referred to. In my judgment, cases concerning
international boundary disputes or the recognition of foreign governments
comfortably fall within this class of cases.

97 Third, apart from issues of foreign affairs or national defence, there are
other areas that the court will no doubt find unjusticiable. These include
cases concerning the interpretation of international treaties operating solely
on the international plane; or where the legislature has made it clear that
the question is reserved to the executive to answer, such as in the _Singapore
Airlines_ case, where s 18 of the State Immunity Act specifically requires a
certification from the government that the country in question is recognised
for the purposes of exempting them from lawsuits in Singapore.

98 Fourth, even if _prima facie_ , a case comes within what appears to be a
non-justiciable area, the courts may intervene if on closer scrutiny it
becomes clear that it does not. Thus, where what appears to raise a question
of international law in fact bears on the application of domestic law, that is
something the courts may well find justiciable. There may also be situations
where the courts are able to isolate a pure question of law from what may
generally appear be a non-justiciable area (see for example _Humane Society
International Inc v Kyodo Senpaku Kaisha Ltd_ [2006] FCAFC 116 at [12], a
decision of the Federal Court of Australia that was cited by Mr Low). These
instances do not suggest that the theory of the separation of powers is
illusory; only that it is to be interpreted and applied sensibly. In my
judgment, the correct approach is not to assume a highly rigid and categorical
approach to deciding which cases are not justiciable. Rather, as Laws LJ put
it in _Marchiori_ ([94] _supra_ at [39]), the intensity of judicial review
will depend upon the context in which the issue arises and upon common sense
which takes into account the simple fact that there are certain questions in
respect of which there can be no expectation that an unelected judiciary will
play any role. In this regard, the following principles bear noting:

(a) Justiciability depends, not on the source of the decision-making power,
but on the subject matter that is in question. Where it is the executive that
has access to the best material available to resolve the issue, its views
should be regarded as highly persuasive, if not decisive.

(b) Where the decision involves matters of government policy and requires the
intricate balancing of various competing policy considerations that judges are
ill-equipped to adjudicate because of their limited training, experience and
access to material, the courts should shy away from reviewing its merits.

(c) Where a judicial pronouncement could embarrass some other branch of
government or tie its hands in the conduct of affairs traditionally regarded
as falling within its purview, the courts should abstain.

(d) In all cases of judicial review, the court should exercise restraint and
take cognisance of the fact that our system of government operates within the
framework of three co-equal branches; even though all exercise of power must
be within constitutional and legal bounds, there are areas of prerogative
power that the democratically elected Executive and Legislature are entrusted
to take charge of and in this regard it is to the electorate and not the
Judiciary that the Executive and Legislature are ultimately accountable.

99 With these principles in mind, I turn to the question posed: whether the
view given in the MFA letter as to the applicability of the Treaty to Hong
Kong should be treated as binding on this court. It is useful here to take a
moment to properly characterise the nature of the question in issue. The
essence of what has to be determined in these appeals is not whether the
making of the Treaty was advisable, or whether Singapore recognised Hong Kong
as part of the PRC or even whether the Singapore Government did in fact sign a
treaty with Hong Kong. What falls to be determined is whether the Treaty
applies to Hong Kong; and the answer to that critical question depends, first
and foremost, upon an interpretation of that Treaty, a number of other
international instruments and, as the MFA letter itself points out, Art 153 of
Hong Kong’s Basic Law. In other words, we are here concerned with the
_interpretation_ of a treaty and a foreign statute in the light of some
international instruments.

100 This description of what is at stake in these appeals removes us from
almost all the cases cited by Mr Singh. Those cases concerned the recognition
of foreign governments, boundary disputes, sovereign immunity and the
deployment of troops overseas – all involving exercises of sovereign or
legislative prerogative in matters of “high policy”. The issue that concerns
the present appeals, on the other hand, does not implicate the exercise of
executive prerogative at all. The concern here is not with the _making_ of the
Treaty, but with its _effect_. To put it another way, the MFA letter does not
represent an exercise of prerogative powers; it is essentially a statement of
the MFA’s opinion as to what the effect of the Treaty is.

101 The closest of the foregoing principles relevant to the present appeals is
the holding of Simon Brown LJ in _CND_ ([86] _supra_) that the courts should
not expound on the meaning of an international document operating purely on
the international plane. But, as I read that case, the true concerns there
were that the judiciary should not be involved in policing the government’s
conduct of its international affairs and that it would be arrogant to assume
that it should interpret a treaty that affects the international community,
particularly given that there is the International Court of Justice to do so.
Moreover, _CND_ involved considerations of foreign policy.

102 The present appeals are different. They do not engage any sort of foreign
policy considerations. Indeed, the respondents’ position would be
contradictory if they asserted otherwise since, in explaining why any
extension of the Treaty to Hong Kong would have been accompanied by formal
consultations and procedures, they argue that the Treaty does not fall within
the “foreign policy” exception to Art 153 of the Basic Law (see, below, at
[117]–[118]). Neither does this case involve the policing of the government’s
conduct of international affairs. Quite the opposite: we are concerned only
with the procedures to be adopted when private litigants wish to serve the
process of this court on defendants resident in Hong Kong.

103 Furthermore, to the extent that this court is required to construe a
bilateral treaty in the light of international law principles and certain
international instruments, it is only to determine the domestic legal
obligations applicable to litigants seeking to invoke this court’s
jurisdiction pursuant to the Rules and the SCJA. As was noted in _Pacific
Assets_ ([18] _supra_ at [14]), citing _Hong Kong Housing Authority v Hsin
Yieh Architects & Associates Ltd_ [2005] 1 HKLRD 801 at 816–817, it is a
longstanding principle of private international law that matters of procedure
(including procedures concerning service) are ultimately governed by the _lex
fori_. In my view, such an inquiry would comfortably fall within the proper
sphere of judicial inquiry.

104 Accordingly, in my judgment the MFA letter, though potentially of
assistance to this court, is not decisive of the matter.

**_Whether the Treaty applies to Hong Kong_**

105 I now turn to the core question that persists: is the Treaty applicable to
Hong Kong? Three sets of expert reports were submitted: two for the
respondents and one for the appellants. It is trite that where there is
conflicting expert testimony, it is well within the court’s powers to choose
which position, if any, to adopt having regard to what best accords with logic
and commonsense: see _Tengku Jonaris Badlishah v PP_ [1999] 2 SLR 260;
_Singapore Finance Ltd v Lim Kah Ngam (S’pore) Pte Ltd_ [1984-1985] SLR 381.

106 The appellants submitted the report of Prof Triggs which may be summarised
as follows. First, she maintained that as a matter of international law, there
is a rebuttable presumption that a treaty applies to the full extent of a
signatory’s territory unless there is evidence of an express or implied
intention to the contrary. In the present case, since the Treaty came into
force after the handover of Hong Kong to the PRC (notwithstanding that it was
signed before the handover), the presumption must be that the Treaty would
apply to Hong Kong. Further, given the absence of any indication in the Treaty
that it would not be extended to Hong Kong, the presumption is not rebutted.
Prof Triggs conceded that Hong Kong’s Basic Law and a 1984 Joint Declaration
of the Government of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland
and the Government of the People’s Republic of China on the Question of Hong
Kong (“the Joint Declaration”) do suggest that any extension of any treaty
entered into by the PRC would not automatically apply to Hong Kong, save for
defence and foreign policy matters. However, she maintained that the
applicability of the Treaty is a matter of foreign policy and hence is
exempted from the formalities required to extend a treaty signed by the PRC to
Hong Kong.

107 The respondents submitted reports by Prof Lowe and Mr Yuen. These tended
to the opposite view. Taken together, their argument is that at the most
fundamental level, the presumption that Prof Triggs relies on does not operate
here because the Treaty was concluded before the handover, and that it is the
time when a treaty is signed that is critical. They also contend that in any
case there is evidence that shows that the Treaty should not apply to Hong
Kong in the absence of certain requisite formalities. This, they suggest, is
clear from the Joint Declaration, Hong Kong’s Basic Law, as well as two notes
issued by the governments of Hong Kong and the United Kingdom on 20 June 1997
(“the Chinese Note” and “the UK Note” respectively). No such formalities have
been taken in respect of the Treaty, and this is confirmed by Hong Kong’s
Department of Justice and several leading texts. In addition, Mr Yuen also
drew on his experience as a practitioner in Hong Kong including his experience
in cases concerning the conflict of laws. He stated that there had been no
change at all in the practice relating to service of originating process
issued in Singapore after the handover of Hong Kong to the PRC in 1997. This
is and has been commonly effected through a firm of solicitors in Hong Kong
engaged as agents for this purpose. Mr Yuen further noted that no steps had
been taken to enact the Treaty into the domestic law of Hong Kong.

108 I take the last point first. Prof Triggs did not challenge Mr Yuen’s
evidence as to the practice that in fact prevails in Hong Kong. Her primary
response to this was that the internal laws and practice of Hong Kong are
irrelevant in deciding whether the Treaty extends to Hong Kong because a state
may not raise its own internal laws as a defence to a breach of a treaty
obligation.

109 With respect, Prof Triggs seems to me to have missed the point. The
conduct of the state parties is relevant to interpreting a treaty and the
unrebutted evidence of Mr Yuen was consistent with the Treaty being construed
as not extending to Hong Kong. If the position that prevails in Hong Kong is
as set out in Mr Yuen’s opinion, then it would follow either that:

(a) the PRC was in breach of its obligations under the Treaty in failing to
take steps to ensure that the domestic laws and practices prevailing in Hong
Kong accorded with the Treaty; or that

(b) neither the PRC nor Hong Kong regarded the Treaty as extending to Hong
Kong.

110 It was apparent from the evidence before me that neither Hong Kong nor
Singapore regarded the Treaty as extending to Hong Kong. I have referred to
the MFA letter. In addition, in a letter to the Singapore Consul General in
Hong Kong, the Hong Kong Department of Justice confirmed its position that the
Treaty did not extend to Hong Kong. Although the PRC’s position was not
expressly articulated, its stance in not taking steps to ensure that the laws
and practices in Hong Kong accorded with the Treaty would have to be seen as
being consistent either with the same understanding as that of Singapore and
Hong Kong or with it having a contrary understanding but then acting in breach
of that understanding. The former is self-evidently the more probable
conclusion in the circumstances. This was never addressed by Prof Triggs and
it is an important weakness in her argument. Further, as Mr Singh submitted,
Prof Triggs was in effect inviting this court to give greater weight to her
views than those of the governments of Singapore and Hong Kong. In my
judgment, this was simply untenable.

111 I now turn to the other issues. There is common ground between the experts
that a treaty signed by a country is presumed to extend to the whole of its
territory unless a contrary intention is expressed in the treaty or is
otherwise established. It was also agreed that there is no express stipulation
within the Treaty as to whether it is to be limited in its application so as
to exclude Hong Kong. The key difference between the parties lay in whether
the presumption that the Treaty will apply to Hong Kong comes into operation
in the first place; and whether it may be inferred that the parties to the
Treaty intended to limit the applicability of the Treaty so as to exclude Hong
Kong in the light of other treaties and instruments entered into by the PRC
concerning the general applicability to Hong Kong of treaties entered into by
the PRC. The point to note here is that the Treaty was signed before the
handover of Hong Kong to the PRC but came into effect after.

112 The first issue (whether the presumption applies to extend the Treaty to
Hong Kong) may be answered briefly. I accept as the more logical view, Prof
Lowe’s opinion that it is the time at which the parties sign and conclude a
treaty that is critical in the assessment of the parties’ intentions. The main
reason for this is that it simply does not accord with the fundamental need
for there to be certainty in respect of a state’s legal obligations if those
obligations were to remain in suspense from the time the treaty had been
signed to the time that it comes into force. As Prof Triggs herself
recognises, the length of time between the signing of a treaty and its entry
into force or its ratification by individual countries may often be quite
long. It is therefore sensible to regard the intentions of the signatories as
fixed at the time of signature. In Prof Triggs’ view, however, these
complexities do not arise in respect of the Treaty because this was a
bilateral treaty. This cannot be correct.

113 The length of time between the signing of the Treaty (28 April 1997) and
its coming into force (27 June 1999) was just over two years. Singapore
completed the applicable formalities for bringing the Treaty into force on 29
April 1998. The PRC on its part only completed the applicable procedures just
over a year later on 28 May 1999 and the Treaty then came into force 30 days
after that. In my judgment, this is a compelling argument for construing the
Treaty by reference to the date at which the Treaty was signed so that there
is certainty as to precisely what obligations each side had agreed to be
subject to. The coming into force of a treaty may depend upon a number of
events, some of which may fall to be carried out by the counterparties. If it
were to transpire (as it did in this case) that the actions of each party
towards bringing a treaty into force take place on different dates, it would
leave open the prospect that one state party had done all that was required of
it while the other state party only did so after there had been a change of
circumstance that might affect the operation of that treaty. I find it
improbable that state parties would leave themselves open to the possibility
that they had committed to a set of bilateral obligations only to find those
varied in some way by the unilateral act of the other party. Contrary to Prof
Triggs’ assertion, this conclusion does not in my view detract from the
principle set out in Art 28 of the VCLT that a treaty provision does not bind
a party until it comes into force. _When_ a party is bound and _by what_ a
party is bound (as evidenced by the intentions of the party) are two different
issues that are to be considered separately.

114 If, as I have found, it is the time at which a treaty is signed that is
critical in the present case, this was before the handover of Hong Kong to the
PRC. It then stands to reason that the Treaty would not apply to Hong Kong,
notwithstanding the general presumption in Art 29 of the VCLT. This was the
starting point of Prof Lowe’s opinion which I found cogent.

115 However, even if I were wrong in this conclusion, I am persuaded that
there is sufficient evidence of an intention not to extend the Treaty to Hong
Kong. The starting point is of course Hong Kong’s own Basic Law, which by Art
153, states expressly that international agreements or treaties to which the
PRC is or becomes a party will only be extended to Hong Kong if it is so
decided by the Central People’s Government after taking into account the
circumstances and the needs of Hong Kong and after seeking the views of the
government of Hong Kong. To similar effect is Section XI to the Annex of the
Joint Declaration. In addition, para (3) of the Joint Declaration makes it
known that the default position is that:

The Hong Kong Special Administrative Region will be vested with executive,
legislative and independent judicial power, including that of final
adjudication. The laws currently in force in Hong Kong will remain basically
unchanged.

116 Further, the Chinese and UK governments issued Notes on 20 June 1997
listing the treaties that would be applicable to Hong Kong. Apart from
excluding the Treaty from those listed, the Chinese Note went on to say:

With respect to any other treaty not listed in the Annexes to this Note, to
which the People’s Republic of China is or will become a party, in the event
that it is decided to apply such treaty to the Hong Kong Special
Administrative Region, the Government of the People’s Republic of China will
carry out separately the formalities for such application. For the avoidance
of doubt, no separate formalities will need to be carried out by the
Government of the People’s Republic of China with respect to treaties which
fall within the category of foreign affairs or defence or which, owing to
their nature and provisions, must apply to the entire territory of a State.

117 Such language is unequivocal. It means that in the absence of formalities
undertaken to extend a treaty to Hong Kong, such a treaty will simply not
apply. There was no real dispute before me that no formalities had been taken
to extend the Treaty to Hong Kong and this seems to point irresistibly to the
conclusion that the Treaty does not extend to Hong Kong. The only exception
contemplated in these constitutional documents is if the Treaty was to be
regarded as involving foreign affairs or defence matters, in which case it
would extend to Hong Kong without the need for any consultations or
formalities.

118 As to this, I do not accept Prof Triggs’ contention that the Treaty
involves matters touching on the conduct of foreign affairs. There was no
evidence of relevant state practice to support such an assertion. Further,
this is a civil procedure convention between two countries and more
specifically, an agreement between two countries to render mutual judicial
assistance. This has no more to do with foreign affairs than any other treaty
which by definition is an agreement between state parties and to that extent
touches on each state’s foreign affairs. But the Chinese Note clearly refers
to a specific class of treaties within the category of foreign affairs or
defence. It follows that not every treaty would fall within this
classification. Rather, it would depend on the subject matter of the treaty in
question. In that light, it is difficult to see how or on what basis it could
be said that the Treaty being one for mutual judicial assistance falls into
this category. Furthermore, it is contemplated in these documents that Hong
Kong is to operate its own autonomous judicial system, and consistent with
this, Art 96 of the Basic Law contemplates that the government of Hong Kong is
at liberty with the assistance or authorisation of the PRC to enter into
appropriate arrangements with foreign states for reciprocal juridical
assistance. Significantly, in 2003 there came into being “The Agreement
Between the Hong Kong SAR and the Government of Singapore Concerning Mutual
Legal Assistance in Criminal Matters”. All this clearly suggests that any
agreement between Singapore and the PRC relating to the mutual judicial
assistance would not automatically extend to Hong Kong without the requisite
formalities being undertaken.

119 Prof Triggs offers a two-fold response to this. First, she makes the
argument that it is inconceivable that Singapore and the PRC would sign the
Treaty two months before Hong Kong’s reunification with the PRC without
intending it to apply to Hong Kong. In my view, this begs rather than answers
the question. It may equally be argued that the decision to sign the Treaty
before the handover rather than to wait until after strongly suggests that the
parties did not see the need for the Treaty to apply to Hong Kong.
Furthermore, there are perfectly sensible reasons why Prof Triggs’ surmises
may not be correct. The fact is that Hong Kong has a legal system similar to
ours and there is nothing to suggest that there has been any difficulty with
effecting service as between Singapore and Hong Kong without having recourse
to a judicial assistance treaty or a civil procedure convention. In any event,
as noted by Prof Lowe, the question of the PRC’s intention on this point, in
entering into the Treaty, could not be determined without reference to such
instruments as the Joint Declaration and the Chinese Note and I have already
touched on these.

120 Prof Triggs’ second response is that it is illegitimate for a country to
employ its own internal laws as a defence to a breach of its international
obligations but I have dealt with this above and see no reason to add to what
I have already said on this.

121 Before closing, I consider two practical implications of any decision I
make in this respect. The first, which the appellants put forward, was that
the effect of the Treaty would be significantly undermined if this court were
to hold in effect that there are lacunae or pockets of immunity beyond the
reach of the Treaty, because defendants could then simply cross from the PRC
into Hong Kong. In my judgment, this is not persuasive. First, it is not
within the purview of this court to assess the desirability of or the wisdom
behind the treaties entered into by the government. The task for this court is
simply to construe the effect of what has been entered into. If the conclusion
is that the Treaty does not apply to Hong Kong, and if this results in a
situation that is considered unsatisfactory, the solution lies in the
executive exploring whether it is desirable to sign a similar treaty with Hong
Kong. However, as I have noted above, there is nothing to suggest that such
concerns are real. Moreover, if the effect of this decision is to hold that
service of Singapore process can be effected in Hong Kong through a private
agent, this further diminishes any such concern since there would in reality
be no lacunae or pocket of immunity and nothing at all to be gained by
individuals crossing into Hong Kong.

122 The second practical implication stems from adopting the appellants’
position and it is troubling indeed. It is relevant to note that whereas the
respondents produced evidence showing that the common position of the
governments of Singapore and of Hong Kong was that the Treaty did not extend
to Hong Kong, the appellants maintained that the Treaty did, and that service
should therefore be effected though the method prescribed in the Treaty.
However, the respondents did not adduce any evidence as to the position of the
PRC confirming that service could and would be effected in accordance with the
Treaty if a request were made thereunder. This gives rise to a difficulty. If
this court held that the Treaty did apply to Hong Kong, it would mean,
according to the appellants, that the respondents would have to renew their
efforts to serve their writs – this time through the official channels
prescribed by the Treaty. What then, if the authorities in the PRC took the
view that such a manner of service was not required or contemplated in
relation to Hong Kong and therefore refused to serve the writs as requested?
After all, this judgment does not bind the PRC. The respondents would be
caught in a black hole as far as these proceedings are concerned and that
cannot be right.

**_Conclusion on manner of service_**

123 In the final analysis, all that I am required to do is to decide whether,
on a balance of probabilities, the respondents are correct in claiming that
they only have to abide by O 11 r 4(2) of the Rules, and that having done so,
service of process in the present proceedings has been properly effected. I
emphasise this to highlight that in deciding cases of this kind, the courts
are not deciding on the PRC’s or Hong Kong’s behalf what laws are in fact in
operation there. As one commentator has noted, given the very many
sensitivities involved, the courts are wary of making such findings and do
well to take the conservative path of resolving these issues on the narrow
ground as to which party has been able to discharge its burden of proof (see,
Paul Tan, “Serving Writs Out of Jurisdiction on Defendants in Malaysia:
Pacific Assets Management Ltd v Chen Lip Keong”, Singapore Law Gazette
(October 2006) at 18). Our courts are only concerned with what laws are likely
to be in operation there for the purposes of determining whether _Singapore_
writs have been served out of the jurisdiction in compliance with the
requirements of s 16 of the SCJA read with O 11 r 4 of the Rules and hence
whether _our_ courts are properly seized of jurisdiction.

124 In the present case, I am persuaded by the logic of both Prof Lowe’s and
Mr Yuen’s evidence and hold on a balance of probabilities that the Treaty does
not extend to Hong Kong for the reasons set out in this judgment. The views of
the MFA and the Hong Kong Department of Justice also weigh strongly in favour
of the respondents’ position. The position of the PRC was not expressly
articulated but its stance, in my judgment, is far more consistent with the
position of Singapore and Hong Kong rather than with that urged upon me by the
appellants. As against this, Prof Triggs’ report is not only counter-intuitive
as explained above, it lacks foundation in some important respects. For
instance, while Prof Triggs states that it is critical to get the views of the
PRC, she has not herself obtained such views. She made her initial findings
without having had sight of the Chinese and UK Notes, despite those being
available on the internet. She failed to consider the Joint Declaration in her
first report even though this had already been raised and discussed in Mr
Yuen’s report. While the appellants do not bear the legal burden of proving
that the writs were served in the wrong manner, they do have the evidential
burden to rebut the case submitted by the respondents. This, they failed to
meet. In the light of the foregoing discussion, I am satisfied that the
respondents have discharged their burden of proving that the service of
process was proper and ought not to be set aside.

Conclusion

125 The central question raised in these appeals is whether the respondents
have complied with the rules and procedures necessary to invoke this court’s
jurisdiction. In the main, this turned on two questions: whether their claims,
as required by the sub-rules of O 11 r 1 of the Rules, are limited to damages
and injunctive relief within Singapore; and whether the manner of service
employed, was appropriate in the circumstances. The burden of proof on both
these issues lay with the respondents. In my judgment, they have discharged
that and I answer the two questions in the affirmative. I therefore dismiss
the appeals. As I indicated to both parties at the hearing of these appeals, I
will hear them on costs and any other ancillary matters.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 21 Feb 2007 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

