Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Ng Hock Heng v Looi Kok Poh and Another  
[2007] SGHC 25

Case Number | : | Suit 453/2006, RA 267/2006, 268/2006  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 16 February 2007  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Lee Seiu Kin J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Palaniappan Sundarajaj (Straits Law Practice LLC) for the plaintiff/appellant; Suresh Nair Sukumaran and Victoria Xue (Allen & Gledhill) for the first defendant/respondent; Kuah Boon Theng and Karie Goh (Legal Clinic LLC) for the second defendant/respondent   
Parties | : |  Ng Hock Heng — Looi Kok Poh; National University Hospital (Singapore) Pte Ltd   
  
Damages – Compensation and damages – Workman falling at place of work and
suffering injuries – Workman undergoing surgery for injuries at hospital –
Injury worsening after surgery – Workman claiming damages against doctor and
hospital for worsening of injuries – Workman already receiving compensation
from employer's insurer for injuries suffered from fall – Whether workman
precluded from recovering damages from doctor and hospital – Sections 3(1),
18(a) Workmen's Compensation Act (Cap 354, 1998 Rev Ed)  
  

16 February 2007 |  Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Lee Seiu Kin J:

1 These are two appeals from the decision of the Assistant Registrar in
Summons Nos. 4041 and 4050 of 2006 (“the applications to strike out”) taken
out by the first and second defendant respectively. The Assistant Registrar
had allowed the two defendants’ applications, and struck out the plaintiff’s
Writ of Summons and Statement of Claim on the basis that they did not disclose
a reasonable cause of action. After hearing the parties, I allowed the
plaintiff’s appeals, and set aside the Assistant Registrar’s orders. Both
defendants have, with my leave, filed appeals to the Court of Appeal. I now
give the grounds for my decision.

2 The plaintiff was a senior foreman in Poh Tiong Choon Logistics Ltd (“the
employer”). On 29 March 2003, the plaintiff fell at his place of work and
sustained injuries to his left hand and back. He became a patient of the
second defendant (“NUH”) from April 2003 and was treated by the first
defendant, an Orthopaedic Consultant, for his wrist injuries.

3 Initially the plaintiff’s wrist injury was treated conservatively but it did
not improve. On 17 July 2003 the first defendant carried out a surgical
procedure known as therapeutic arthroscopy on the plaintiff’s left wrist.
After the arthroscopy, the plaintiff continued to experience pain in his left
arm and was subsequently diagnosed with Reflex Sympathetic Dystrophy (“RSD”).
The plaintiff commenced this suit on 14 July 2006, alleging that the
defendants had breached their duty of care to him by: (a) failing to obtain
his consent to conduct a therapeutic, as opposed to diagnostic, arthroscopy on
his left wrist; (b) failing to obtain his consent to insert two prosthesis
(“the Kirschner wires”) into his wrist as part of the arthroscopy; and (c)
failing to adequately inform him of the known complications arising from
diagnostic and/or therapeutic arthroscopy.

4 The statement of claim pleaded the following facts. Sometime in June 2003
the first defendant advised the plaintiff to undergo the wrist arthroscopy in
order to diagnose the cause of his continuing wrist pain. When the plaintiff
told the first defendant that he was averse to surgery, the latter assured him
that the procedure was safe and risk-free. However the plaintiff did not make
a decision until he next saw the first defendant on 14 July 2003. On that
occasion the first defendant told the plaintiff that the arthroscopy only
involved two small holes on the wrist to introduce some instruments to find
out the cause of the continuing wrist pain, and that it was a simple and risk-
free procedure. Upon this assurance the plaintiff consented to the
arthroscopy. At no point up to the surgery was the plaintiff informed by the
first defendant or any other employee of the NUH that the wrist arthroscopy
procedure was therapeutic as opposed to diagnostic, or about the use of any
prosthesis, including the use of Kirschner Wires. The wrist arthroscopy was
carried out by the first defendant on 17 July 2003 during which two Kirschner
Wires were inserted. After the surgery the plaintiff continued to suffer wrist
pain which was sometimes worse than before. His wrist was often swollen. As a
result of this, the doctors at the NUH decided to remove the Kirscher Wires
earlier than the normal period. This was done on 12 August 2003. However the
pain in the plaintiff’s left hand became unbearable and crippling and he was
diagnosed by the doctors at the NUH to be suffering from RSD attributable to
injury to the superficial radial nerve which runs along the wrist. This injury
was inflicted either during the wrist arthroscopy or during the removal of the
Kirschner Wires. In addition, one of the tendons in his left wrist, the
extensor pollicis longus was also severed during the arthroscopy or during the
removal of the Kirschner Wires. As a consequence, the plaintiff suffered and
continues to suffer from almost complete loss of use of his left hand and
perpetual pain and discomfort.

5 The plaintiff seeks, _inter alia_ , special, general and provisional
damages, claiming that he had completely lost the use of his left hand as a
result of the arthroscopy and was no longer able to discharge his duties as a
senior foreman.

6 On 30 August 2004, two years before this suit was commenced, the plaintiff
obtained an award under the Workman’s Compensation Act in the amount of
$64,680 from the employer’s insurer (“the compensation award”). The quantum of
this award had been based on a medical report prepared by Dr Alphonsus Chong
on 3 June 2004 (“the assessment report”). It should be noted that this
assessment was done almost a year after the arthroscopy had been performed.
The assessment report had recommended a consolidated award of 44% for
permanent incapacity. The defendants argued that since the report was based on
the plaintiff’s injuries as they presented themselves at that date, _ie_ , 3
June 2004, the injuries identified therein necessarily included the
complications he had suffered from the arthroscopy.

7 The defendants contend that the plaintiff is precluded by s 18 of the
Workmen’s Compensation Act (Cap 354 1998 Rev Ed) (“the Act”) from claiming
damages from the defendants in the present suit as he had already recovered
compensation under the Act in respect of the same injuries. Therefore the
plaintiff’s Writ of Summons and Statement of Claim ought to be struck out for
disclosing no reasonable cause of action under O 18 r 19(1)(a) of the Rules of
Court (R5, 2006 Rev Ed) (“the Rules”).

8 The plaintiff contended that at the present stage of the proceedings, it
could not be established with certainty that the award related to _both_ the
initial injuries from his fall in March 2003, _as well as_ the injuries caused
by his wrist arthroscopy. The assessment report identified the plaintiff’s
injuries as being in the nature of “left wrist injury with scapholunate
dissociation & lumbar spondylosis superimposed injury”. According to the
plaintiff, these were the injuries which he had been diagnosed with _prior to_
the arthroscopy. The report did not take into account the injuries to his
radial nerve and EPL tendon which had been caused by the arthroscopy, nor did
it refer to his current affliction with RSD.

9 In the alternative, the plaintiff averred that even if the compensation
award extended to the injuries from his arthroscopy, s 18(a) of the Act did
not preclude him from filing this suit. In his submission, the statutory
preclusion under s 18(a) only extends to injuries compensable under the Act.
However s 3(1) of the Act relates to injury the result of an accident arising
out of and in the course of employment. According to the plaintiff, the
injuries which were the subject of this suit are separate and distinct from
the initial injuries which he had sustained during the accident “arising out
of and in the course of [his] employment”. These more recent injuries to his
radial nerve and EPL tendon arose independently as a consequence of the
arthroscopic procedure. The defendants’ conduct of the arthroscopy amounted to
_novus actus interveniens_ which severed the chain of causation flowing from
the plaintiff’s initial injury at his workplace. The injuries which the
plaintiff sustained subsequent to and as a result of the surgery therefore
could not be said to be injuries “arising out of and in the course of
employment” and accordingly fell outside the statutory bar in s 18(a) of the
Act.

10 The Assistant Registrar allowed the defendants’ applications and struck out
the writ. In her opinion, it was clear that the compensation award had been
based on the plaintiff’s condition as at 2004, when the assessment report was
made. The plaintiff had therefore been compensated for his affliction with
RSD, and was precluded by s 18(a) of the Act from attempting to recover
damages from the defendants in respect of the same injury. In addition, the
Assistant Registrar found that the plaintiff’s argument regarding s 3(1) of
the Act was unmeritorious. Even if there had been _novus actus interveniens_ ,
the fact remained that the employer’s insurer had already paid for the injury
resulting from the surgery. To allow the plaintiff to continue with this suit
would allow him to seek double recovery. For these reasons, the Assistant
Registrar struck out the plaintiff’s Statement of Claim and Writ of Summons
under O 18 r 19(1)(a) of the Rules. Dissatisfied with the Assistant
Registrar’s decision, the plaintiff appealed to the High Court.

11 The burden of proof of the defendants’ breach falls on the plaintiff and
would be a matter to be determined at a trial. The issue before me in this
appeal is whether, assuming that the defendants had breached their duty to
obtain informed consent from the plaintiff as alleged, s 18(a) of the Act
precludes the plaintiff from recovering damages in this suit. There are two
issues that fall to be determined:

(a) whether the compensation award had in fact included compensation for the
surgical complications which the plaintiff had suffered; and

(b) if so, whether, in any event, the statutory bar under s 18(a) did not
apply because the injuries to the plaintiff’s radial nerve and EPL tendon were
not compensable under the Act.

The plaintiff’s claim in this suit would only be defeated if both these
questions were resolved in the defendants’ favour.

The scope of the compensation award

12 The first issue concerns a determination of a question of fact. The
defendants relied on the compensation report to support their contention that
the compensation award covered all of the plaintiff’s conditions as at 2004.
The plaintiff had submitted that this report did not unequivocally resolve the
scope of the compensation award. Whilst the report, which was prepared after
an assessment that took place more than a year after the accident, did suggest
that the plaintiff’s entire medical condition as at June 2004 had been taken
into consideration, this had to be weighed against the fact that the report
only made reference to the plaintiff’s pre-existing medical problems arising
from the original accident in 2003. No reference was made anywhere in the
report to the plaintiff’s affliction with RSD, or the damage sustained to his
radial nerve. In addition, the doctor’s recommended award of 44% for
“permanent incapacity” was ambiguous in that it did not have any further
explanation as to the severity of injury that this figure signified.

13 These are factual issues that have to be decided after evaluation of the
evidence adduced in the trial, in particular that of the doctor who made the
compensation report. The burden is on the plaintiff to prove them, but it is
not appropriate at this stage to strike out his claim. This ground alone would
be sufficient to justify the dismissal of the defendants’ applications.

The compensability of the plaintiff’s injuries

14 The second issue pertains to the interpretation of s 18(a). The analysis
must proceed on the assumption that that the plaintiff is able to prove the
facts alleged in his statement of claim. Section 18(a) of the Act provides as
follows:

18\. Where any injury for which compensation is payable under this Act was
caused under circumstances creating a legal liability in some person other
than the employer to pay damages in respect thereof—

(a) the workman may take proceedings against that person to recover damages
and may claim against any person liable to pay compensation under this Act,
but he shall not be entitled to recover both damages and compensation;

The bar to recovery of both damages and compensation is in relation to an “
_injury for which compensation is payable_ ” under the Act. The question then
is whether the injury the subject of this suit is one for which compensation
is payable under the Act.

15 The liability of an employer to pay compensation under the Act is set out
in s 3(1) which provides as follows:

3\. —(1) If in any employment personal injury by accident _arising out of and
in the course of the employment_ is caused to a workman, his employer shall be
liable to pay compensation in accordance with the provisions of this
Act.[emphasis added]

It is clear from the words emphasised in s 3(1) above that the injury
compensable under the Act must be caused by an accident arising out of and in
the course of the employment. In the present case the industrial accident had
caused an injury to the plaintiff’s left wrist. The defendants had, at some
point, proposed to the plaintiff a particular course of treatment but had
breached their duty to obtain informed consent for it from the plaintiff. In
the event the wrist arthroscopy carried out had caused the injury which is the
subject of the plaintiff’s claim in this suit, the question is whether such
injury falls within the ambit of s 3(1) of the Act.

16 To put the issues in perspective, it is useful to consider the following
scenario. A workman’s hand is mangled by machinery at his workplace and is
treated in a hospital. A known complication develops, say gangrene sets in,
and his hand is amputated. As this is a natural consequence of the injury, he
is clearly entitled under the Act to compensation for the loss of the hand.
Introducing a new element, the ambulance conveying him to the hospital meets
with an accident when a drunk driver runs a red light and crashes into the
ambulance. The workman sustains leg injuries for which his foot has to be
amputated. It is equally clear that this injury did not arise out of and in
the course of the employment but out of the negligence of the drunk driver.
The issue before me is on which side of the divide lies the circumstances of
the present case.

17 This issue does not appear to have been considered in Singapore. However
the decision of the English Court of Appeal in _Rothwell v Caverswall Stone Co
Ltd_ [1944] 2 All ER 350 is instructive on this point. The plaintiff there had
met with an accident at his workplace and sustained a fractured dislocation of
the right shoulder. However the first doctor who treated him negligently
failed to diagnose the fractured dislocation. Had he been so diagnosed, the
plaintiff could have fully recovered from this injury. When it was finally
discovered by another doctor, it was too late for effective treatment and his
right arm was permanently incapacitated. The Court of Appeal decided, by a
majority, that the workman’s incapacity did not result from the injury for the
purpose of a compensation award under the English Workmen’s Compensation Act
1925. The dissenting judge, Scott LJ, took the view that, having regard to the
social policy underlying the Workmen’s Compensation Act, the scope of the
award covered all damages resulting from the injuries suffered by a workman in
an industrial accident. However the majority held that they were bound by a
line of authority beginning with _Humber Towing Co v Barclay_ (1911) 5 BWCC
142, and which included _Rocco v Jones (Stanley) & Co Ltd_ (1914) 7 BWCC 101,
which held that negligent treatment by a doctor may constitute a new cause
which has intervened in the chain of causation so that the incapacity of the
workman was not attributable to the industrial accident. Du Parcq LJ
summarised the state of the law in the following manner at p 365:

“In my opinion, the following propositions may be formulated upon the
authorities as they stand: first, an existing incapacity "results from" the
original injury if it follows, and is caused by, that injury, and may properly
be held so to result even if some supervening cause has aggravated the effects
of the original injury and prolonged the period of incapacity. If, however,
the existing incapacity ought fairly to be attributed to a new cause which has
intervened and ought no longer to be attributed to the original injury, it may
properly be held to result from the new cause and not from the original
injury, even though, but for the original injury, there would have been no
incapacity. Secondly, negligent or inefficient treatment by a doctor or other
person may amount to a new cause and the circumstances may justify a finding
of fact that the existing incapacity results from the new cause, and does not
result from the original injury. This is so even if the negligence or
inefficient treatment consists of an error of omission whereby the original
incapacity is prolonged. In such a case, if the arbitrator is satisfied that
the incapacity would have wholly ceased but for the omission, a finding of
fact that the existing incapacity results from the new cause, and not from the
injury, will be justified. In stating these propositions I am far from seeking
to lay down any new principles of construction. I have sought only to collect,
by a process of induction, such general, and necessarily vague, rules as seem
to emerge from the decided cases. Such rules do no more than indicate the
bounds within which an arbitrator is free to decide – the province of fact. It
is constantly being said, and must always be remembered, that the arbitrator
is the sole judge of the facts.”

18 This part of the speech of Du Parcq LJ was cited and described as an
accurate statement of the law by Lord Simonds, Lord Normand, Lord Morton of
Henryton and Lord Reid in _Hogan v Bentinck West Hartley Collieries_ [1949] 1
All ER 588. The workman there suffered from a congenital defect, viz. he had
an extra thumb in his right hand. He met with an industrial accident and
fractured the false thumb. It was treated by splinting but he continued to be
in pain. He was then sent to the hospital where it was discovered that the
fracture had not united. He was advised that an operation was required to
remove not just the false thumb, but also the top joint of the normal thumb.
The result of this operation was unsatisfactory as it left him with a tender
stump which rendered him fit for light work only. The workman applied for
compensation on the ground of this incapacity. The House of Lords held, by a
majority, that this incapacity was not the result of the injury which was
caused by the industrial accident. Whether a particular intervening act has
become the supervening cause of the injury suffered by the workman was a
question of fact to be determined by the arbitrator upon all the circumstances
of the case. The two dissenting judges, Lord MacDermott and Lord Reid, were of
the opinion that in interpreting the words “results from the injury” in the
Act, regard ought to had for the social policy of the legislation. Lord Reid
stated that the Court of Appeal was correct in holding that it was bound by
authority but he was of the view that the House of Lords, not being bound,
ought to change the law as it stood.

19 The law in England in this regard has been established since 1911 in
_Humber Towing Co v Barclay_ , confirmed by the court of appeal in 1944 in
_Rothwell v Caverswall Stone Co Ltd_ , and affirmed by the House of Lords in
1949 in _Hogan v Bentinck West Hartley Collieries_. Employers and, more
importantly, insurers in setting their premiums would have had regard to this
position of the law when they assumed their liabilities. I can see no reason
not to apply these authorities in Singapore.

20 Applying the statement of the law in _Rothwell v Caverswall Stone Co Ltd_ ,
that:

(a) negligent or inefficient treatment by a doctor may amount to a new cause
and circumstances may justify a finding of fact that the existing incapacity
results from the new cause, and does not result from the original injury, and

(b) the court, if satisfied that the incapacity would have wholly ceased but
for the negligent or inefficient treatment, may make a finding of fact that
the existing incapacity results from the new cause, and not from the workplace
injury.

I find that, on the assumption that the plaintiff is able to prove his pleaded
case, the injury is not compensable under the Act on account of the _novus
actus interveniens_ of the defendants. Accordingly, the plaintiff is not
precluded by s 18(a) from proceeding in this suit.

21 Counsel for the defendants submitted that if the compensation awarded to
the plaintiff, which has already been paid to him, had included a sum for the
further damages caused by the wrist arthroscopy, then permitting him to
proceed with this suit would amount to double recovery. I see no merit in this
argument. Either the injury is compensable under the Act or it is not. If it
is not, then the fact that he has been compensated under the Act, erroneously
it would seem, for those injuries does not act as a bar to this suit. I would
have thought that it is recoverable from the plaintiff at the instance of the
party who had made the payment but, as this may well be the subject of another
action, I will go no further than this.

Conclusion

22 For these reasons, I allowed the appeals and set aside the Assistant
Registrar’s order striking out the plaintiff’s pleadings in this suit.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 16 Feb 2007 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

