Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Pacific Integrated Logistics Pte Ltd v Gorman Vernel International Freight
Ltd  
[2007] SGHC 10

Case Number | : | Suit 788/2005, RA 242/2006  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 03 January 2007  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Choo Han Teck J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Wendy Tan (Haq & Selvam) for the plaintiff/respondent; Magdalene Chew Sui Gek and Martha Lee Mei (AsiaLegal LLC) for the defendant/appellant   
Parties | : |  Pacific Integrated Logistics Pte Ltd — Gorman Vernel International Freight Ltd   
  
Civil Procedure – Interim orders – Security for costs – Plaintiff foreign
company with no assets in Singapore – Whether court should exercise discretion
to make order for security for costs against plaintiff in circumstances when
potential order of costs may be enforced in plaintiff's jurisdiction – Order
23 r (1)(a) Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2006 Rev Ed)  
  

3 January 2007 |   
---|---  
  
Choo Han Teck J:

1 This was an appeal against the decision of the Assistant Registrar (“the
AR”) dismissing the appellant’s application for security for costs in Suit No
788 of 2005(“the main claim”). The appellant and respondent in this appeal
were respectively the defendant and the plaintiff in the main claim. The
respondent’s claim against the appellant arose out of damage caused to five
shipments of cargo. According to the respondent, the appellant had, amongst
other things, breached its contract and/or duty as the handling and/or booking
agents hired by the respondent for these five shipments. After hearing the
parties, I allowed the appeal and granted security in the amount of S$60,000.

2 The appellant’s application for security was filed pursuant to O 23 r
1(1)(a) of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2006 Rev Ed) (“the Rules”), which
provides:

**Security for costs of action, etc (O 23, r 1)**

1.– (1) Where, on the application of a defendant to an action or other
proceeding in the Court, it appears to the Court –

(a) that the plaintiff is ordinarily resident out of jurisdiction;

…

then, _if, having regard to all the circumstances of the case, the Court
thinks it just to do so_ , it may order the plaintiff to give such security
for the defendant’s costs of the action or other proceeding as it thinks just.

[emphasis added]

3 The parties were agreed that the respondent, a company incorporated under
the laws of New Zealand, was a “plaintiff … ordinarily resident out of the
jurisdiction” within the meaning in O 23 r 1(1)(a) of the Rules. In addition,
it was not disputed that the respondent had no assets in Singapore. The only
issue in this appeal was whether it would be “just” to grant an order for
security “having regard to all the circumstances”.

4 Whilst O 23 r 1(1) confers a court with a broad measure of discretion, the
exercise of this discretion remains guided by certain well-established
principles. The middle ground between the Scylla of placing the law in a
straightjacket through a formalistic “check-list” approach and the Charybdis
of engendering a body of jurisprudence devoid of any coherent underlying basis
seems to me to be the fairest approach. How might this be achieved?

5 To begin with, it is well accepted that proof of a plaintiff’s residence
outside Singapore is a _threshold condition_ under r 1(1)(a), rather than a
conclusive indicator that security should be ordered: see _Jurong Town Corp v
Wishing Star Ltd_ [2004] 2 SLR 427 (“ _Wishing Star_ ”) at [14]. Although
security will not follow as a matter of course whenever a foreign plaintiff is
involved, it will generally be ordered where the circumstances are evenly
balanced: see _Wishing Star_ at [14]. This results, _not_ from an inherent
presumption or predisposition in favour of granting security, but rather as a
matter of discretion because a plaintiff’s foreign residence will often tip
the finely balanced scales of justice in favour of such an order: see also
_Creative Elegance (M) Sdn Bhd v Puay Kim Seng and another_ [1998] SGHC 171 at
[3]; _Aeronave & Another v Westland Charters Ltd_ [1971] 3 All ER 531 at 533.
The court’s overriding duty in all cases is to give effect to “what, in all
the circumstances of the case, is the just answer”: see _Porzelack Kg v
Porzelack (UK)_ [1987] 1 WLR 420 (“ _Porzelack_ ”) at 423. Unless “the
circumstances of the case” and the “just answer” are considered as a whole,
that is to say, unless the proposed solution adequately accounts for all the
special features of each set of facts, the foregoing phrase may not be of much
assistance. On the other hand, the court must assess the gravity of each
individual factor so that emphasis might properly be given to the stronger
factors. This would ensure that in considering the “circumstances of the case”
and the “just answer”, the court does not distract itself with a long
inventory list of factors to consider.

6 In the present appeal, the respondent argued that the facts did not warrant
an order of security. One of the considerations militating _against_ the
provision of security was the fact that any order of costs against the
respondent would be enforceable in New Zealand, where it was incorporated.
According to the respondent, the appellant should therefore be left to enforce
any subsequent order of costs against in its assets in New Zealand. In
response, the appellant contended that the availability of foreign enforcement
was not a sufficient reason to disallow security. In counsel’s submission, a
defendant who has been made an unwilling party to an unmeritorious claim
should not additionally be made to undergo the added expense of commencing
foreign proceedings to recover its legal costs.

7 These arguments raised a more fundamental question in this area of law: at
this _preliminary_ stage of the proceedings, _how far_ should the law go to
_facilitate_ a defendant’s possible need in the future to recover an order of
costs? The resolution of this question in each case will invariably depend on
the countervailing detriment that would be visited on the plaintiff. Hence,
where the plaintiff has a strong claim that would be stifled by an order of
security, a court may refuse to grant security, particularly if there are
“realistic alternatives” which would make it “comparatively simple” to enforce
an order of costs against a plaintiff’s foreign assets: see _Porzelack_ ([5]
_supra_) at 426. At the same time, this is not to say that security will
_never_ be ordered if foreign enforcement proceedings are a viable option. The
purpose behind O 23 r 1(1)(a) is not limited to protecting a defendant in the
extreme situation where an order of costs would otherwise be a “paper
judgment”. On a more nuanced level, it is also aimed to _reduce_ the time and
expense involved in enforcing such orders. As stated by our Court of Appeal in
_Ooi Ching Ling Shirley v Just Gems Inc_ [2002] 3 SLR 538 at [19], one of the
rationales for granting security against a foreign plaintiff is “ _the delay
or expense_ that will arise in enforcing the costs order abroad” (emphasis
added).

8 In the present case, the enforceability of an order of costs in New Zealand
was undoubtedly a relevant consideration. However, in light of the entire
circumstances, I found that justice would be better served if an order of
security was granted. By the respondent’s own admission, it was a financially
viable concern with a significant body of assets in New Zealand. An order of
security would not therefore prejudice its conduct of the main claim in any
way. Against this, the potential inconvenience and expense to the appellant,
of foreign enforcement proceedings were, therefore, material circumstances in
favour of awarding security for costs.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 03 Jan 2007 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

