Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Lau Hwee Beng and Another v Ong Teck Ghee  
[2007] SGHC 90

Case Number | : | Suit 715/2006, SUM 5583/2006, 916/2007  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 30 May 2007  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Paul Tan AR   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Ang Cheng Koon Benjamin (Engelin Teh) for the plaintiffs; Cheo Chai Beng Benny (Cheo Yeoh & Associates) for the defendant   
Parties | : |  Lau Hwee Beng; Chong Shin Leong — Ong Teck Ghee   
  
30 May 2007 |  Judgment Reserved  
---|---  
  
Assistant Registrar Mr Paul Tan:

1 At the end of a rather convoluted chain of events, which is not necessary to
recount in detail, the plaintiffs settled on a relatively straightforward
claim in respect of which they urged this court to grant summary judgment.
That claim is this: having handed over some $350,000 to the defendant, who was
their solicitor, with instructions (given orally) to pay these over to one Mr
Lee Thiam Seng in order for the latter to invest the sum in Beijing Asean
Union Consulting Co Ltd (“Beijing Asean”) and Abundant Performance Ltd
(“Abundant”) in return for an issue of shares or rights in the respective
companies, they now want the defendant to render an account of the sums paid
to him, and in particular, to show whether the sum was, in fact, given to Mr
Lee or that Mr Lee had received the same. The defendant acknowledged receiving
these sums but insisted that he was not liable to account because he was
acting as Mr Lee’s solicitor, not the plaintiffs’. The defendant also added
that, in any case, the sum was received by Mr Lee and that the plaintiffs got
what they paid for. Accordingly, the defendant submitted that the plaintiffs’
claim ought to be struck out as, _inter alia_ , disclosing no reasonable cause
of action. Although the facts relating to both the applications for summary
judgment and striking out are not at all complex, the law relating to summary
judgment (and incidentally, striking out) is, with respect, somewhat untidy
and I have sought to unpack the fundamental principles governing the analysis
of an application for summary judgment in the following pages.

**The plaintiffs’ case**

2 In the plaintiffs’ statement of claim (“SOC”), it is stated that on or about
March 2004, the plaintiffs and the defendant agreed that the former would
invest in Beijing Asean and Abundant; and to that end, the plaintiffs would
pay the defendant a total of $350,000, which was to be paid to the companies
on the plaintiffs’ behalf. These instructions were given orally. The
plaintiffs allege that the defendant was acting as their solicitor in this
transaction.

3 In order to carry out the plan, the defendant drafted co-investment
agreements setting out the terms of the plaintiffs’ investments in the said
companies. These agreements were executed by the first and second plaintiffs
on 4 and 8 March 2004 respectively.

4 On 25 September 2006, the plaintiffs, through another set of solicitors,
wrote to the defendant requesting an account of the moneys paid to him. The
defendant did not reply. The plaintiffs followed up with a letter of demand
dated 5 October 2006, seeking the repayment of the moneys given to the
defendant. By a letter dated 10 October 2006, the defendant admitted to having
received the moneys from the plaintiffs but refused to return the moneys or
give an account. The plaintiffs then replied, insisting, again, that the
plaintiff render an account of the moneys, and also furnish the plaintiffs
copies of all papers in his possession relating, in particular, to whether the
moneys had, as agreed, been paid to Beijing Asean and Abundant.

5 Accordingly, the plaintiffs, at para 12 of their SOC, contend that the
defendant is liable to account on the grounds that:

(a) the defendant was plaintiffs’ solicitor at all material times;

(b) the defendant, as the plaintiffs’ solicitor, is under a duty to provide a
true and full account to the plaintiffs upon receipt of the request of the
plaintiffs dated 17 October 2006;

(c) the plaintiffs had, on 17 October 2006, terminated their relationship as
clients of the defendant and that the defendant is under a duty to furnish the
plaintiffs with copies of all the papers relating to the moneys; and

(d) the plaintiffs have reasonable cause to believe that the moneys were not
paid to Beijing Asean and Abundant.

6 The plaintiffs’ position was elaborated by written submissions, which I had
directed parties to file. It would appear that from 1999, the defendant had
provided legal advice to the second plaintiff and that the latter had, in
fact, been on the corporate retainer of a company known as Suncity Contracts
Pte Ltd, which the second plaintiff is a shareholder in and director of.

7 Similarly, the defendant had, from 2001, provided legal advice to the first
plaintiff, his family members (in particular, his brother and a transaction
involving Kian Ann Engineering Ltd), as well as a company known as Bio-Green
Agritech Pte Ltd, of which the first plaintiff was a director and shareholder
in.

8 In March 2004, the defendant introduced an investment opportunity to the
plaintiffs, namely, to invest in Beijing Asean and Abundant. Subsequently, the
defendant informed the plaintiffs orally and by text message that he had
prepared co-investment agreements for the plaintiffs to sign with Mr Lee. The
defendant also sought to reassure the plaintiffs by representing that he had
signed similar agreements with Mr Lee. I pause here to note that it was only
in the plaintiffs’ written submission that there was a mention of Mr Lee. As
set out above, the SOC gives the impression that the defendant was to have
invested the moneys received directly with Beijing Asean and Abundant.
Notwithstanding that, it became clear, especially through the defendant’s
submissions and in the hearings before me, that the defendant was merely a
stakeholder – either as Mr Lee’s or the plaintiffs’ solicitor – and that it
was Mr Lee who was supposed to eventually invest the moneys in the said
companies.

9 Reverting to the plaintiffs’ narrative, the first plaintiff had, sometime in
December 2004, requested that Mr Lee return the moneys to the plaintiffs. It
was then that the plaintiffs say they were informed by Mr Lee that he had not
received any of the moneys.

10 It was also asserted that the defendant had on 6 October 2006 sent a text
message to the first plaintiff stating:

Shd try to resolve amicably with him. His investments were v substantial in
the 2 projects and I’m sure he wanted them to work out also and he’s working
on UIB still. To him, we are his partners in the investments. The UIB
investment has not matured. We shd be supporting him.

11 It was after this message that the plaintiffs insisted on an account of
their moneys, which the defendant has refused to provide to date.

**The defendant’s case**

12 The defendant’s basic position, as outlined above, is that he received the
investment moneys from the plaintiffs as Mr Lee’s solicitor for the latter to
invest in Beijing Asean and Abundant. As such, there is no basis on which the
plaintiffs can seek an account of the moneys; and that in fact, the release of
any such information would be privileged.

13 Mr Lee, according to the defendant, is a major shareholder of a public
listed company known as Ecowise Holdings Ltd (“Ecowise”), of which the
defendant was an independent director since 3 March 2003. The defendant’s
firm, M/s Ong & Lau, were solicitors for Mr Lee, EcoWise and its subsidiaries.
Among other ventures, Mr Lee dabbles as an investor in initial public offers
(commonly abbreviated as IPOs) in Chinese companies with potential to list in
Singapore. At the material time, he had two investments in Beijing Asean and
Abundant.

14 The plaintiffs expressed interest in investing in Beijing Asean and
Abundant, and Mr Lee then instructed the defendant to prepare the co-
investment agreements that were signed on 4 and 8 March 2004 (see [3] above).
There were four agreements in all:

(a) The first plaintiff’s agreement dated 4 March 2004 to invest $406,500 in
Beijing Asean in return for a 4.065% equity stake in the company. Mr Lee or
his nominees would then issue a letter of indemnity in favour of the first
plaintiff;

(b) The first plaintiff’s agreement dated 4 March 2004 to invest US$55,000 in
Abundant in return for 25,000 rights shares, which Mr Lee would procure to be
registered in the first plaintiff’s name. If that could not be done, a trust
would be executed in favour of the first plaintiff;

(c) The second plaintiff’s agreement dated 8 March 2004 to invest $206,500 in
Beijing Asean in return for a 2.065% equity stake in the company. Mr Lee or
his nominees would then issue a letter of indemnity in favour of the second
plaintiff; and

(d) The second plaintiff’s agreement dated 4 March 2004 to invest US$55,000 in
Abundant in return for 25,000 rights shares, which Mr Lee would procure to be
registered in the second plaintiff’s name. If that could not be done, a trust
would be executed in favour of the second plaintiff.

15 It was stated in these agreements that Mr Lee acknowledged receipt of the
amounts stated therein, which included the $350,000 paid by the plaintiffs to
the defendant.

16 The defendant does not deny that he shared an interest in the investments
in Beijing Asean and Abundant and therefore supported Mr Lee’s ventures. Nor
does the defendant deny acting for the plaintiffs in the manner described at
[6] and [7] above. However, the defendant argues that these did not mean that
he acted for the plaintiffs in the particular transaction in question. In
fact, in early March 2004, the first defendant had forwarded proposed
amendments to the co-investment agreements relating to Beijing Asean that he
(_ie_ the first plaintiff) represented his own solicitor had drawn up.

17 In addition, the defendant alleges that the plaintiffs have already
acquired their equity in Beijing Asean and Abundant but that they were trying
to rescind the co-investment agreements because the investments had turned out
poorly.

**Assessment of SUM 5583 of 2006 – the application for summary judgment**

**_Principles governing summary judgment_**

18 The specific command in O 14 r 3(2) of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5,
2006 Rev Ed) (“the Rules”) is that unless there is an issue or question in
respect of a claim or part of a claim that “ought to be tried” summary
judgment should be granted in favour of the plaintiff on that claim or part
thereof. Case law has since developed a veritable trove of idioms and
expressions in an attempt to explain precisely what the standard of proof
ought to be, or in any event, how a judge assessing an application for summary
judgment should approach his task. We are told, in some instances, that the
test is whether there is a “fair or reasonable probability of [the defendant]
setting up a defence”: see _Apollo Enterprises Ltd v Dynasty Theatre Nite-Club
KTV & Lounge Pte Ltd_ [1995] SGHC 72, citing _National Westminster Bank v
Daniel_ [1994] 1 WLR 1453 at 1457. In other cases, we are asked to home in on
whether the defendant has a “real or _bona fide_ defence”: _Paris et des Pays-
Bas (Suisse) SA v Costa de Naray_ [1984] 1 Lloyd’s Rep 21 at 23; cited in _Goh
Chok Tong v Chee Soon Juan_ [2003] 3 SLR 32 at [25]. On yet other occasions,
we must look further than the immediate case and take into account policy
considerations: see, _Jones v Stone_ [1894] AC 122 (“ _Jones_ ”), where the
court held that the proper inquiry is whether there is reasonable doubt that
the plaintiff is entitled to judgment, and whether it is inexpedient to allow
[the] defendant to defend for mere purposes of delay. See also, _Habibullah
Mohamed Yousoff v Indian Bank_ [1999] 3 SLR 650, which at [21] endorses
_Jones_. More apparently synonymous terminology abound: see, for example,
_Maybank Finance (Singapore) Ltd v Yap Thiam Sen and Anor_ [1990] SLR 501 at
[5], 504; and _Bhojwani and Anor v Chung Khiaw Bank Ltd_ [1990] SLR 128
(whether “triable issues” are raised); _Stone Forest Consulting v Wee Poh
Holdings_ [2004] 3 SLR 216 at [18] (whether the defendant has a “fairly
arguable point”); _Bank Negara Malaysia v Mohd Ismail_ [1992] 1 MLJ 400 at
414-415, (per Gunn Chit Tuan SCJ, dissenting) (whether the claim is “virtually
unconstested or uncontestable”); _Syn Lee & Co v Bank of China_ [1961] MLJ 87
at 87 (whether there is a “moral improbability of a very high degree that the
defendant can succeed”); _Hua Khian Ceramics Tiles Supplies v Torie
Construction_ [1992] 1 SLR 884 at 890 (a “robust approach” to ensure that the
true purpose of the arguments raised by the defendant is not to cause delay to
the plaintiff).

19 If we move to England, the test there is now defined by r 24.2 of the Civil
Procedure Rules 1998 (SI 1998/3132) (“the CPR”) as being whether there is a
“reasonable prospect of success”, a test that the courts have not found to
require further amplification: see, _Swain v Hillam_ [2001] 1 All ER 91. The
intention behind this particular reform was to make it more difficult to get
past summary judgment: see, U.K., Department of Constitutional Affairs,
_Access to Justice Final Report_ by The Right Honourable the Lord Woolf
(1996), online: Department of Constitutional Affairs
<http://www.dca.gov.uk/civil/final/index.htm> (accessed: 19 April 2007) at chp
12; Derek O’Brien, “The New Summary Judgment: Raising the Threshold of
Admission” (1999) 18 C.J.Q. 132 at 135. In Australia, descriptions of what
would justify summary judgment include whether there is “no real substantial
question to be tried” and whether there is no “plausible ground of defence.”
See, Bernard Cairns, _Australian Civil Procedure_ (Sydney: Lawbook Co., 2002)
at 387-388. The Supreme Court of Canada has said that a party opposing summary
judgment must show “a real chance of success”: _Hercules Management Ltd vErnst
& Young_ [1997] 2 SCR 165 at [15]; _Guarantee Co. of North America v Gordon
Capital Corp_ [1999] SCR 423 at [27]; whereas in Ontario, statute requires
that there be a “genuine issue for trial”: see, r 20.04(2) of the Rules of
Civil Procedure;_Irving Ungerman Ltd v Galanis_ (1991) 83 D.L.R. (4th) 734 (“
_Ungerman_ ”).

20 The cases do not draw any distinction among these formulations; indeed,
several cases employ these different tests interchangeably. Be that as it may,
there are clear practical and conceptual differences among these expressions.
To ask whether a defence is _bona fides_ would lock the inquiry on the
motivations of the defendant in opposing the claim, and to that extent, may
compel a decision to grant summary judgment even though the defendant may have
some otherwise legally valid arguments. Similarly, divergent conclusions may
flow from a focus on whether it is inexpedient to allow a claim to go to trial
as opposed to whether the defendant has a realistic or plausible defence.
Setting the bar at whether the defence has a real chance of success involves
weighing just how strong the defendant’s position is apropos the plaintiff’s;
but determining whether there are triable issues requires merely that the
defendant’s case has a credible substratum of supporting facts and law. Here,
whether the defendant is likely to win at trial is only secondary, if at all
relevant.

21 A diffusion of opinion has also surfaced in relation to the appropriate
approach to take in assessing the evidence in an application for summary
judgment. As comprehended by Webster J in _Paclantic v Moscow Narodny Bank_
[1983] 1 WLR 1063 at 1067, a judge should only reject evidence in an affidavit
if it is inherently unreliable in the sense that it is self-contradictory,
inadmissible or irrelevant. The mere fact that the evidence appears to be
inconsistent with other evidence or implausible is not sufficient to reject
it. On appeal to the English Court of Appeal ([1984] 1 Lloyd’s Rep 469 at
475), Goff LJ cast doubt on the correctness of this approach; and in _Banque
de Paris v Costa de Nary_ [1984] 1 Lloyd’s Rep 21 at 23, the English Court of
Appeal took a somewhat less categorical approach, as follows:

It is of course trite law that O 14 proceedings are not decided by weighing
the two affidavits. It is also trite that the mere assertion in an affidavit
of a given situation which is to be the basis of a defence does not, _ipso
facto_ , provide leave to defend; the court must look at the whole situation
and ask itself whether the defendant has satisfied the court that there is a
fair or reasonable probability of the defendants having a real or _bona fide_
defence.

22 While the latter analysis has the virtue of being less artificially
restrictive, it puts in conflict two very different propositions. How can a
judge decide whether the defendant’s affidavit expresses sufficiently credible
evidence so that “there is a fair or reasonable probability of the defendants
having a real or _bona fide_ defence” if he is not allowed to weigh the two
affidavits? Lord Diplock in the Privy Council case of _Eng Mee Yong v
Letchumanan_ [1979] 2 MLJ 212 at 217 grasped this dilemma by acknowledging
that:

_Although_ in the normal way it is not appropriate for a judge to attempt to
resolve conflicts of evidence on affidavit, this does not mean he is bound to
accept uncritically, as raising a dispute of fact which calls for further
investigation, every statement on an affidavit however equivocal, lacking in
precision, inconsistent with undisputed contemporary documents or other
statements or by the same deponent, or inherently improbable in itself it may
be.

[emphasis added]

23 Lord Diplock then concludes that it is for the judge exercising his
discretion to determine whether statements contained in the affidavits have
sufficient _prima facie_ plausibility to merit further investigation as to
their truth.

24 In the meantime, an intriguing development has taken place across the
Causeway, in the High Court of Penang’s decision in _Suppuletchimi v Palmco
Bina_ [1994] 2 MLJ 368. Vincent Ng J in that case proposed that there were
three standards of scrutiny that a court could bring to bear on affidavit
evidence: minimal, optimal and maximal evaluation. According to Ng J, the
growing backlog of cases there demanded that the “minimum evaluation approach
in the past, of affidavit evidence when deciding the issue of whether there is
a reasonable cause of action in the claim, or triable issue in a defence,
would have to give way to the optimum evaluation approach.” Perhaps appealing
to intuition, it was not explained how these approaches differed from each
other either in a conceptual or practical way.

25 In this swamp of judicial dicta, we return to first principles. What is the
mechanism of summary judgment intended to achieve and on what basis is it
justified? With these principles in mind, we may construct the beginnings of a
litmus test for summary judgment applications that reflects those concerns.

26 At the broadest level, the rules of civil procedure are intended to ensure
the just disposition of a claim while employing a reasonable amount of court
resources. The grand architecture of the rules of court, through such
procedures as pleadings, interrogatories and discovery, together with their
attendant time-lines, seek to regulate the conduct of adversarial parties with
the ultimate aim of arriving at a substantively just result, albeit through
procedurally just means. In the UK, r 1.1 of the CPR sets out the governing
philosophy of the amended rules:

(1) These Rules are a new procedural code with the overriding objective of
enabling the court to deal with cases justly.

(2) Dealing with a case justly includes, so far as is practicable –

(a) ensuring that the parties are on an equal footing;

(b) saving expense;

(c) dealing with the case in which ways are proportionate –

(i) to amount of money involved;

(ii) to the importance of the case;

(iii) to the complexity of the issues;

(iv) to the financial position of each party;

(d) ensuring that it is dealt with expeditiously and fairly; and

(e) allotting to it an appropriate share of the court’s resources, while
taking into account the need to allot resources to other cases.

27 Our Rules do not explicate anything so ambitious but it is implicit in O
34A r 1(1) that a judge’s exercise of discretion under the Rules should
comport with the “just, expeditious and economical disposal of the cause or
matter.”

28 At a more specific level, it is not difficult to justify summary judgment
on the utilitarian ground of efficiency. It is so rationalised in _Access to
Justice Final Report_ (_supra_ [19]) at para 31 of chp 12:

[T]he important purposes of case management are stopping weak cases from
dragging on and reducing complexity and cost by eliminating issues as the case
proceeds. One means of achieving these purposes is for the court to exercise
its power of summary disposal on a wider basis than it does at present.

29 But an unhindered pursuit of efficiency as the predominant driver will lead
to the imposition of an unreasonably high threshold for defendants to cross in
their opposition to applications for summary judgment. To deny worthy
defendants of their day in court is not only a breach of processural justice,
it will often be a breach of their expectation of substantive justice as well.
These two dimensions of justice – processural and substantive – are
intrinsically intertwined. Indeed, a similar observation has also been made by
Andrew Phang Boon Leong JC (as he then was) in _United Overseas Bank v Ng Huat
Foundations_ [2005] 2 SLR 425 at [9].

30 It is therefore not surprising to find some courts expressly repudiating
the notion that summary judgments are simply procedural shortcuts. In
_Ungerman_ (_supra_ [19]), the Ontario Court of Appeal correctly pointed out
that far from depriving litigants of their day in court, summary judgment is a
vindication of processural and substantive justice (at [20]):

A litigant’s “day in court”, in the sense of a trial, may have traditionally
been regarded as the essence of procedural justice and its deprivation the
mark of procedural injustice. There can, however, be proceedings in which,
because they do not involve any genuine issue which requires a trial, the
holding of a trial is unnecessary and, accordingly, represents a failure of
procedural justice. In such proceedings, the successful party has been both
unnecessarily delayed in the obtaining of substantive justice and been obliged
to incur added expense. [Summary judgment] exists as a mechanism for avoiding
these failures of procedural justice.

See also, _Dawson v Rexcraft Storage Warehouse Inc_ (1999) 164 D.L.R. (4th)
257 at [29] and _Aguonie v Galion Solid Waste Material Inc._ (1998) 156 D.L.R.
(4th) 222 at [35].

31 The appropriate test will seek to strike the proverbial balance between the
primordial necessity to ensure a substantively correct decision and the wider
interests of court efficiency. The threshold must not be pitched at a level
that defendants get a free pass to trial regardless of the strength of their
case; neither must it be pitched at a standard that would grant summary
judgment even though the defendant might actually prevail at trial. In order
to discern that sweet spot between the two extremes, it is necessary to
appreciate first that the summary judgment mechanism is situated within what
one commentator has called the “litigation matrix” (see, Martin H. Redish,
“Summary Judgment and the Vanishing Trial: Implications of the Litigation
Matrix” (2005) 57 Stan. L. Rev. 1329). Several propositions flow from this
understanding.

32 First, summary judgment takes place after only the pleadings have closed
and the relevant affidavits have been filed in support of or in opposition to
the application for summary judgment. Summary judgment, if any, is granted on
this basis rather than any extended observation of witnesses under cross-
examination. Because of this inherent limitation, and in order to prevent
prejudicing the rights of the parties at trial if summary judgment is denied,
a judge at this stage does not make “findings” on the merits of the case: see
_Marina Sports v Alliance Richfield_ [1990] 3 MLJ 5 at 6; John O’Hare and
Kevin Browne, _Civil Litigation_ (London: Sweet & Maxwell, 2005) at para
19.007. His only task is to divine whether there ought to be a trial. Whether
there ought to be a trial must then depend on whether the record exhibits
conflicts of fact or law that are material and relevant to the disposition of
the plaintiff’s claim. If the conflict does not relate to an issue that is at
least potentially dispositive of the claim in the sense that the result of the
action does not depend on the resolution of that conflict, then it must follow
that there is “no issue or question in dispute which ought to be tried”. See
_Chung Khiaw Bank Ltd v Bhojwani_ [1990] 2 MLJ 146 (noting that discrepancies
pointed out by the defendant were immaterial), and affirmed by the Court of
Appeal in [1990] SLR 128; see also, _Ungerman_ at [16], citing Charles Alan
Wright et al, _Federal Practice and Procedure_ , (Saint Paul, Mn.: West
Publishing Co., 2nd ed, 1983) at 93-95.

33  Second, because the judicial exercise under O 14 is to determine whether a
trial is necessary, not every indication of conflict will suffice. If that
were the case, all a defendant will have to do is to suggest in his pleadings
or affidavits that he takes issue with particular points. Yet the very purpose
of O 14 is to prevent sham defences from defeating the rights of parties by
delay and at the same time causing great loss to plaintiffs who are
endeavouring to enforce their rights: _Jacobs v Booth’s Distillery_ (1901) 85
LT 262. This is also implicit in O 14 r 2(3), which requires the defendant to
“show cause” why summary judgment would be inappropriate. As Sundaresh Menon
JC noted in _Abdul Salam Asanaru Pillai (trading as South Kerala Cashew
Exporters) v Nomanbhoy & Sons Pte Ltd_[2007] SGHC 42 at [38], it is not proper
for the court to assume that every sworn averment is true. Instead, a judge
should scrutinise the entire record with care so as to ensure that the
defendant’s position is articulated with sufficient particularity and
supported by cogent evidence: _Uni-france Offshore Engineering v Owners of the
‘Cotan Challenger’_ [1996] 1 SLR 297 at [13], 300. Osborne JA put it starkly
in _1061590 Ontario Ltd v Ontario Jockey Club_ (1995) 21 O.R. (3d) 547 at 36,
holding that the party responding to an application for summary judgment must
“lead trump or risk losing”. In this context, it is entirely proper for a
judge to sift through the evidence with a critical eye – not in order to
resolve conflicts of fact or law – but to determine whether the evidence
presented is worthy of being tested at trial.

34  Third, understanding the relationship between summary judgment and the
trial process also assists in formulating a more precise indication of what
the burden of proof that the party responding to an O 14 application has to
meet is. The nub of the issue is this: does the evidence show that the
defendant could, with interrogatories, discovery, cross-examination and other
trial processes, mount a defence against the plaintiff’s case? As discussed
above, case law has spawned many quantitative appellations: “a credible
defence” or “a real defence” and so on. What ultimately matters is that the
defendant must cast more than a mere “metaphysical doubt” (_Matsushita Elec.
Indus. Co. v Zenith Radio Corp._ , 475 U.S. 574 (1986) at 586) upon the
plaintiff’s case such that if a judge is going to deny summary judgment, there
should be an articulable reason which relates to the evidence before him for
why the case is deserving of being put before a trial judge. In this regard,
it may be helpful to bear in mind that the burden of proof in a civil trial is
not extremely demanding: all that the defendant has to prove is that its
position is more probable than the plaintiff’s. _A fortiori_ , at the O 14
stage, the defendant need not demonstrate that he is _going_ to win at trial,
or even that he is _likely_ to win. To go that far would, in fact, usurp the
function of the trial court. All a defendant needs to assure the judge at this
stage is that he _could_ win in the sense that his case is not unknown to the
law and is reasonably supported by evidence that he has and may later obtain
given the tools of the trial process at his disposal. This is sufficient to
satisfy the court that the matter ought to go to trial.

35  At this juncture, a brief word about the obligations of the plaintiff in
an O 14 application may be apposite. In Jeffrey Pinsler ed, _Singapore Court
Practice 2006_ (Singapore: LexisNexis, 2006) at para 14/3/1, it is observed
that:

Usually, the plaintiff will commence by making the appropriate introduction
and describing his claim. He may also have to deal with preliminary matters
raised by the court or the other party, such as irregularities in the
documents. If everything is in order, the defendant will be called upon within
a short time to make his case as the burden lies on him to establish his
entitlement to defend the action. It is for the defendant to ‘show cause’ to
the satisfaction of the court (r 2(3)).

36 This may give the impression that the plaintiff has nothing to do except
perhaps to present a _prima facie_ case. It is easy to appreciate why the
learned author might incline to such a view. In addition to O 14 r 2(3), which
requires the _defendant_ to show cause, r 3 is phrased in the negative (“
_unless…the defendant_ satisfies the Court that…an issue or question in
dispute…ought to be tried”) and appears to place burden of proof on the
defendant. Yet, on principle, one might be forgiven for thinking this strange.
Why, if the defendant is going to be deprived of his right to trial, should
not the plaintiff be similarly required to prove that his claim would have
been strong enough to win at trial? Indeed, in other jurisdictions, it is
settled that the plaintiff bears the legal or persuasive burden in an
application for summary judgment while the defendant only has an evidentiary
burden to discharge: see, for example, _E.D. and F. Man Liquid Products v
Patel_ [2003] CPLR 384 for the UK position; and _Hi-Tech Group Inc v Sears
Canada Inc_ (2001) 52 OR (3d) 97 for the Canadian position. In the United
States, facts must be interpreted in the light most favourable to the
respondent of an application for summary judgment: _Scott v Harris_ (No.
05-1631), available at:
http://www.supremecourtus.gov/opinions/06slipopinion.html (accessed: 29 May
2007). Amendment to the Rules to resolve this conceptual ambiguity would be
advisable, although even in its current incarnation, O 14 r 3 is flexible
enough to address this concern so that the same outcome results. This is
because the court may decline to award summary judgment if “there ought for
some other reason to be a trial”. Therefore, notwithstanding the strength or
weakness of the defendant’s case, a court may decline to award summary
judgment where the court is convinced that the plaintiff’s warrants closer
examination. This was the approach taken by the Supreme Court of Victoria,
which because of the inadequacies of the plaintiff’s statement of claim,
deficiencies in his proof and the nature and circumstances of the transaction
on which he sued, refused summary judgment even though the defendant had
failed to put up any defence: see, _Hills v Sklivas_ [1995] 1 VR 599.

37 One final point may be made. It is common to find in many of the textbooks
on this subject a recitation of categories of cases that are usually held to
be suitable or unsuitable for summary judgment. While these are certainly
helpful, it should not be forgotten that the Rules posit no such strict
categorisation; and as such, whether summary judgment should be granted on a
particular matter ought to depend on the specific factual paradigm of each
case and guided by the overriding consideration of whether there “ought to be
a trial”.

**_Whether there ought to be a trial on the facts of this case_**

38 As stated above, the plaintiffs brought their case on the basis that the
defendant had acted for the plaintiffs in their investments in Beijing Asean
and Abundant, and that there were reasonable grounds to believe that the
moneys paid to the defendant had not been given over to Mr Lee. In truth, it
is not necessary to prove that the moneys were not disbursed as instructed. If
the defendant had acted for the plaintiffs in the relevant transaction, the
plaintiffs are entitled, as a matter of right, to an account of their moneys
regardless whether they thought the moneys were properly expended: see, r 19
of the Legal Profession (Professional Conduct) Rules (Cap 161, R 1, 2000 Rev
Ed); R P Meagher et al, _Equity: Doctrines and Remedies_ (Sydney:
Butterworths, 3rd ed, 1992) at [2504]. As to this proposition, there was no
quarrel by the defendant.

39 As such, I now turn to the only material question, which is whether the
defendant was the plaintiffs’ solicitor at the material time.

40 In so far the plaintiffs’ position is concerned, it is important to recall
that their purported instructions to the defendant were given orally. No
direct evidence was therefore available to support the plaintiffs’ case.

41 In order to bolster their case, reliance was placed on, _inter alia_ ,
three crucial pieces of evidence. First, documents were adduced to show that
the defendant did act for the plaintiffs prior to the transaction in question.
Second, there was the text message by the defendant persuading the plaintiffs
not to ditch the investments. In particular, the phrase, “to [Mr Lee], we are
his partners in this investment” demonstrated that the plaintiffs and the
defendant were in a close relationship with each other. Third, in a
supplementary affidavit filed on 22 May 2007 (which I allowed the plaintiffs
to adduce _vide_ SUM 2226/2007), a letter dated 10 May 2007 from Mr Lee’s
present solicitors was exhibited. In this letter, it was stated that Mr Lee
denied that the defendant had acted for him in the impugned transaction.

42 The defendants sought to cast doubt on the plaintiffs’ position by adducing
the following evidence in support of his own case:

(a) Records of M/s Ong & Lau showing that a file had been opened on 13
February 2004 for Mr Lee in respect of an “agreement relating to Beijing Asean
Union Consulting Co Ltd and Abundant Performance Ltd”;

(b) A fax from the first plaintiff to the defendant containing amendments to
the co-investment agreements that were eventually entered into by the
plaintiffs with Mr Lee;

(c) An email from the first plaintiff to the defendant on 12 September 2005,
in which the former wrote, “As mentioned, please ask [Mr Lee] to show us his
sincerity by signing the agreements to refund us the money by Dec 05”;

(d) An attachment to the email mentioned in (c) containing an agreement for
the plaintiffs to sell their equity in Beijing Asean back to Mr Lee;

(e) An image of a cheque dated 13 February 2004 for $30,000 made out to M/s
Ong & Lau by the second plaintiff; and on its reverse, a notation that the
moneys were for the firm’s client, Mr Lee, in respect of an agreement
involving Beijing Asean and Abundant;

(f) An image of a cheque dated 23 February 2004 for $50,000 made out to M/s
Ong & Lau by the first plaintiff; and on its reverse, a notation that the
moneys were for the firm’s client, Mr Lee, in respect of an agreement
involving Beijing Asean and Abundant;

(g) A letter dated 12 March 2004 on M/s Ong & Lau’s letterhead informing Mr
Lee that the plaintiffs had signed the co-investment agreements and paid over
the moneys; and that these moneys would be paid into Mr Lee’s DBS account as
instructed; and

(h) Attendance notes by the defendant referring to Mr Lee as his client.

43 Looking at all the evidence in the round, it is my judgment that the
defendant clearly has a case that ought to go to trial. In particular, the
file-opening document, the notation on the cheques, and the attendance notes
are all contemporaneous records that provide substantial and credible support
for the defendant’s position that he had treated Mr Lee as his client at the
material time. In contrast, the plaintiffs have adduced evidence that, at
best, is inconclusive. For instance, evidence that the defendant acted as the
plaintiffs’ solicitor in _previous_ matters may or may not indicate that the
defendant continued to act in that capacity in relation to the plaintiffs’
investments. The text message does not go far either: that the plaintiffs and
the defendant were Mr Lee’s business partners does not prove that the
defendant was the plaintiffs’ solicitor in the investments. Perhaps the
strongest evidence in the plaintiffs’ favour is the letter by Mr Lee’s present
solicitors dated 10 May 2007 in which Mr Lee disputes that the defendant had
acted as his solicitor. The plaintiffs’ position was this showed at on their
worst case, the defendant was acting for _both_ Mr Lee _and_ the plaintiffs.
Not only was this hypothesis rejected by the defendant (his unwavering
position being that he had acted only for Mr Lee), there was no evidence
adduced in support of Mr Lee’s word. As stated, all the contemporaneous
documentary evidence asserted that the defendant was acting for Mr Lee. It may
well be that the plaintiffs are correct in suggesting that perhaps the
defendant acted for both them and Mr Lee, but in the absence of conclusive
evidence, it would be remiss to deny the defendant an opportunity of testing
his case at trial. In my view, the defendant has raised allegations, grounded
in documentary evidence, which goes to the heart of the plaintiffs’ position.

44 In fact, when one examines the cases of the parties, it becomes obvious
that this is a paradigmatic example of where summary judgment would be
inappropriate. In the absence of directly relevant documentary evidence, the
plaintiffs’ case, as it stands, rests on the credibility of the plaintiffs
themselves and on Mr Lee’s word. Assessment of the testimonial credibility of
witnesses cannot be conducted on the basis of affidavits alone. The reason why
an appellate court seldom interferes in a trial judge’s determination of the
credibility of a witness is the same reason why it would be inappropriate to
grant summary judgment in this case: the credibility of witnesses is best
evaluated at trial, where a judge will have the benefit of hearing the
witnesses and studying their demeanour under the anvil of cross-examination.
This underscores the point made earlier, which is that the decision as to
whether to grant summary judgment should be examined within the litigation
matrix. Understanding the limitation of affidavit evidence against the unique
advantages of trial assists in appreciating which cases ought to proceed to
trial, and which out to be put out of their misery.

45 Accordingly, I dismiss SUM 5583 of 2006, with the usual costs to follow.

**Assessment of SUM 916 of 2007 – the striking out application**

**_General principles on striking out_**

46 Many defendants retaliate against an application for summary judgment by
bringing their own application to strike out the plaintiff’s case. Although it
may be thought that the regimes governing summary judgment and striking out
are similar and mirror each other, this is not so. On the contrary, the power
of a court to strike out pleadings is limited to examining the plaintiff’s
statement of claim on its face in order to ascertain whether it falls within
any one of the enumerated grounds under O 18 r 19 of the Rules:

19\. —(1) The Court may at any stage of the proceedings order to be struck out
or amended any pleading or the endorsement of any writ in the action, or
anything in any pleading or in the endorsement, on the ground that —

(a) it discloses no reasonable cause of action or defence, as the case may be;

(b) it is scandalous, frivolous or vexatious;

(c) it may prejudice, embarrass or delay the fair trial of the action; or

(d) it is otherwise an abuse of the process of the Court,

and may order the action to be stayed or dismissed or judgment to be entered
accordingly, as the case may be.

47 The reluctance of the court to strike out a claim summarily was explained
by GP Selvam JC (as he then was) in _Tan Eng Khiam v Ultra Realty_ [1991] 3
MLJ 234 at 237:

This is anchored on the judicial policy to afford the litigant the right to
institute a _bona fide_ claim before the courts and to prosecute it in the
usual way. Whenever possible, the courts will let the plaintiff proceed with
the action unless his case is wholly and clearly unarguable.

48 The strictness with which the courts review applications to strike out is
apparent in the way that O 18 r 19 is phrased, _ie_ , that the defect must be
evident in “any pleading or in the endorsement”. Further, unlike O 14, the
Rules do not require the filing of any affidavit in support of the
application. In fact, r 19(2) states that in relation to applications under r
19(1)(_a_), “no evidence shall be admissible.”

49 Along similar lines is the Court of Appeal’s decision in _Gabriel Peter &
Partners (suing as a firm) v Wee Chong Jin and Ors_ [1998] 1 SLR 374 (“
_Gabriel Peter_ ”) at [21], 348:

The guiding principle in determining what a “reasonable cause of action” is
under O 18 r 19(1)(a) was succinctly pronounced by Lord Pearson in _Drummond-
Jackson v British Medical Association_ [1970] 1 All ER 1094. A reasonable
cause of action, according to his lordship, connotes a cause of action which
has some chance of success when _only the allegations in the pleading are
considered_. _As long as the statement of claim discloses some cause of
action, or raises some question fit to be decided at the trial, the mere fact
that the case is weak and is not likely to succeed is no ground for striking
it out_. Where a statement of claim is defective only in not containing
particulars to which the defendant is entitled, the application should be made
for particulars under O 18 r 12 and not for an order to strike out the
statement.

[emphasis added]

50 That the court is confined to examining the pleadings themselves was also
affirmed by the Court of Appeal in _Ko Teck Siang v Low Fong Mei_ [1992] 1 SLR
454 (“ _Ko Teck Siang_ ”), citing _Wenlock v Moloney & Ors_ [1965] 2 All ER
871 at 874:

The position under two former rules has been incorporated in the present RSC,
O 18 r 19 of the new rules. There is no doubt that the inherent power of the
court remains; _but this summary jurisdiction of the court was never intended
to be exercised by a minute and protracted examination of the documents and
facts of the case, in order to see whether the plaintiff really has a cause of
action. To do that, is to usurp the position of the trial judge, and to
produce a trial of the case in chambers, on affidavits only, without discovery
and without oral evidence tested by cross-examination in the ordinary way._
This seems to me to be an abuse of the inherent power of the court and not a
proper exercise of that power.

[emphasis in original]

51 While these remarks were made in the context of O 18 r 19(1)(_a_), I see no
reason why they should not apply to the other limbs of r 19(1). For instance,
in _Ko Teck Siang_ , the court also approved of the following _dictum_ by Lord
Herschell in _Lawrence v Lord Norreys_ [1886–90] All ER 858 at 863 in relation
to r 19(1)(_d_),:

It cannot be doubted that the court has an inherent jurisdiction to dismiss an
action which is an abuse of the process of the court. _It is a jurisdiction
which ought to be very sparingly exercised, and only in very exceptional
cases. I do not think its exercise would be justified merely because the story
told in the pleadings was highly improbable, and one which it was difficult to
believe could be proved._

_[emphasis in original]_

**_Whether the plaintiffs’ claim ought to be struck out_**

52 The defendant in the present case applied to strike out the pleadings of
the defendant on all four grounds under r 19(1) but, in my view, it is clear
that the only relevant provisions that I need to consider are rr 19(1)(_a_)
and (_d_). This is because the defendant’s position in respect of the striking
out application is that, first, the pleadings disclose no reasonable cause of
action in respect of the allegation that the defendant acted for the
plaintiffs in the transactions in question; and second, that the plaintiffs
are fishing for evidence to establish a claim against Mr Lee.

53 As stated above, applications for striking out are not concerned with
evidence. Put another way, that a pleading is unsupportable by the evidence
need not necessarily mean that the _pleadings_ disclose no reasonable cause of
action. Having alleged that the defendant was their solicitor at the material
time, it is incontrovertibly reasonable for the plaintiffs to seek an account
of moneys handed to the defendant. I realise that in para 14 of the
plaintiffs’ reply, it is pleaded that regardless of whether the defendant was
the plaintiffs’ solicitor at the material time, they are entitled to an
account of the moneys. To the extent that the plaintiffs otherwise appear to
have anchored their entire case on the premise that the defendant was their
solicitor, this pleading in the reply would seem contradictory. To be sure,
counsel for the plaintiffs did, at one time, consider amending the statement
of claim to make it explicit that there were alternative grounds on which the
plaintiffs were entitled to an account, and in this regard, an adjournment was
granted for him to take instructions. However, he chose _not_ to do so. Be
that as it may, it is clear that para 14 of the plaintiffs’ reply is really a
throw-away-line (given the true focus of the plaintiffs’ case); and when I
asked counsel for the defendant what it was that he wanted struck out, he
merely pointed me to the parts alleging that the defendant had acted for the
plaintiffs as their solicitor. In any event, the plaintiffs are entitled to
suggest that even apart from a solicitor-client nexus, the relationship
between the plaintiffs and the defendant was sufficient to found liability on
the part of the latter to account for the moneys received. Contrary to the
defendant’s written submission, such a claim is not unknown to law: see,
_Equity: Doctrines and Remedies_ (_supra_ [39]) at [2504].

54 Finally, I turn to the defendant’s submission that the plaintiffs’ case is
for a collateral purpose, and to that end, amounts to an abuse of process: on
what constitutes abuse of process, see the definitions set out by V K Rajah J
(as he then was) in _Chee Siok Chin and Others v Minister for Home Affairs and
Another_ [2006] 1 SLR 582 at [34], which includes “proceedings where the
process of the court is not being fairly or honestly used but is employed for
some ulterior or improper purpose or in an improper way.” See also, _Lonrho v
Fayed (No 5)_ [1993] 1 WLR 1489, followed in _Gabriel Peter_ at [22], 384.

55 On the face of the pleadings, there is no indication that the plaintiffs’
claim is animated by a clandestine motive. Even if one were to examine the
evidence presented before me, all there _appears_ to be is a weak case on the
part of the plaintiffs. That the plaintiffs potentially have another claim
against Mr Lee in respect of the same transaction does not _ipso facto_
suggest a collateral purpose in instituting the present proceedings. In this
regard, I accepted the plaintiffs’ counsel’s submission that the claims
against the defendant and Mr Lee are different. Against the defendant, the
plaintiffs merely allege that he is liable to provide an account of the
moneys. If this account shows that the moneys were deposited with Mr Lee, the
plaintiffs’ claim against Mr Lee will be for these moneys directly. On the
basis that the defendant had admitted to receiving moneys from the plaintiffs,
and the fact that the parties enjoyed a solicitor-client relationship that may
have extended to cover the transaction in question, the plaintiffs are
entitled to pursue an independent claim against the defendant. While evidence
obtained in the present proceedings may also be relevant to a claim against Mr
Lee, that is not sufficient to hold that the plaintiffs’ application is
motivated by an ulterior purpose.

56 For the reasons canvassed above, I also dismiss SUM 916 of 2007, with the
usual costs to follow.

**Coda**

57 The facts of the present case illustrate an anomaly in the present
incarnation of the Rules. Under the existing Rules, only a plaintiff may bring
an application for summary judgment. The only recourse that a defendant has if
it believes that the plaintiff’s case is without basis is to strike out the
latter’s pleadings pursuant to O 18 r 19. However, as explained above, the
court’s power to strike out pleadings is much more constrained and is limited
to examining the claim on its face. This leaves a defendant in a rather
unfortunate, indeed disadvantaged, position. While the plaintiff can seek
summary judgment against a weak defence, the defendant may not. I am aware of
_David v Wee, Satku & Kumar_ [1993] 2 SLR 126, in which GP Selvam JC (as he
then was) granted summary judgment to the defendant. But this holding was not
on the basis of the Rules but on a general notion of the inherent powers of
the court. While I agree with the principle that “to permit the action to go
through its ordinary stages up to trial would be to allow the defendant to be
vexed under the form of legal process when there could not at any stage be any
doubt that the action was baseless” (_Dyson v A-G_ [1911] 1 KB 410 at 418), it
would probably be best if the Rules could be amended to make this power
explicit as it is in other jurisdictions: see, for example, r 24.2 of the CPR,
which allows for both the plaintiff and defendant to bring an application for
summary judgment. This might have made a difference in the present case before
me. Had the defendant been able to bring an application for summary judgment,
he may have been successful. But because the threshold for a striking out
application is extremely high, I am compelled to dismiss both parties’
applications.

Applications in SUM 5583/2006 and SUM 916/2007 dismissed; costs to be taxed if
not agreed.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 30 May 2007 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

