Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Public Prosecutor v Fernandez Joseph Ferdinent  
[2007] SGCA 34

Case Number | : | Cr Ref 1/2007  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 17 July 2007  
Tribunal/Court | : | Court of Appeal  
Coram | : |  Chan Sek Keong CJ; Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA; V K Rajah JA   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Han Ming Kuang (Attorney-General's Chambers) for the applicant; Ramesh Chandra (Tan Leroy & Chandra) for the respondent   
Parties | : |  Public Prosecutor — Fernandez Joseph Ferdinent   
  
Courts and Jurisdiction – Criminal references – Questions of law of public
interest – Preconditions to reference of questions to Court of Appeal –
Section 60 Supreme Court of Judicature Act (Cap 322, 1999 Rev Ed)  
  
Road Traffic – Offences – Whether offences distinct or mutually exclusive –
Sections 84(1), 84(4) Road Traffic Act (Cap 276, 2004 Rev Ed)  
  
Statutory Interpretation – Construction of statute – Purposive approach –
Section 84(4) Road Traffic Act (Cap 276, 2004 Rev Ed)  
  

17 July 2007  |  Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA (delivering the judgment of the court):

**Introduction**

1 The matter before us is a criminal reference that had been taken out by the
Public Prosecutor (“the applicant”) pursuant to s 60 of the Supreme Court of
Judicature Act (Cap 322, 1999 Rev Ed) (“SCJA”). The genesis for this
application is the decision of the High Court judge (“the appellate judge”) in
a Magistrate’s Appeal (namely, Magistrate’s Appeal No 137 of 2006), wherein he
set aside the conviction of one Mr Joseph Ferdinent Fernandez (“the
respondent”) under s 84(4) of the Road Traffic Act (Cap 276, 2004 Rev Ed)
(“the Act”) (“the s 84(4) charge”) for removing a car, which was involved in a
traffic accident that resulted in a serious injury, from the scene of such
accident without the authority of a police officer (see _Fernandez Joseph
Ferdinent v PP_ [2007] SGHC 60) (“the GD”).

2 Before proceeding to consider the two questions reserved for our decision in
the present application pursuant to s 60 of the SCJA, it would be appropriate
– indeed, necessary – to first set out briefly the specific background of this
case.

**The background**

3 The facts are relatively straightforward. On 21 May 2005, at about 11.05pm,
the respondent was driving his motor vehicle along the Pan Island Expressway
in the direction of Jurong, close to the exit to Jurong West Avenue 1.
According to Mr Lee Chee Kin (“the witness”), who had been driving on the same
road at the time, the respondent’s car suddenly swerved to the left as it was
negotiating a bend at the Bukit Batok Flyover, causing it to hit the rear of a
motorcycle that had been travelling along that same stretch of road. Upon
impact, the motorcyclist was flung off his vehicle. The respondent did not
stop and, instead, continued with his journey. The witness gave chase in his
vehicle and eventually caught up with the respondent about half a kilometre
from the scene of the accident and eventually managed to get the respondent to
stop his vehicle. The witness then got the respondent to come out of his car
and to return to the scene of the accident, where they waited for the
authorities to arrive. The motorcyclist was later found to have sustained
multiple fractures that required him to be hospitalised for seven weeks.

4 As a result of the events recounted briefly in the preceding paragraph, the
respondent was charged and convicted in the District Court on four charges
under the Act. It would be useful to set out, at this preliminary juncture,
the import of the charges preferred against the respondent at first instance.
Apart from the charge that had already been referred to earlier (at [1]
above), the Prosecution preferred three other charges against the respondent:
first, for an offence under s 65(_b_) of the Act for driving without
reasonable consideration for other road users; second, for an offence under s
84(1) of the Act (read with s 84(7) of the same) for his failure to stop after
the accident; and, third, for an offence under s 84(3) of the Act (read with s
84(7) of the same) for failing to render assistance to the motorcyclist after
the accident.

5 Put simply, the respondent’s defence before the District Court was that of a
bare denial: He argued that he never made contact with the motorcycle and, for
that reason, had not been aware of any accident and/or the need to stop. Given
the wholly implausible nature of his defence, and its patent inconsistencies
when contrasted with the witness’s rendition of events, the respondent was
found guilty and was convicted of all four charges. In essence, the trial
judge’s decision was based upon a two-fold factual finding: first, that a
collision did, in fact, take place between the respondent’s vehicle and the
motorcycle resulting in the injuries sustained by the motorcyclist and,
second, that the respondent knew at the time that he had caused an accident,
but notwithstanding such knowledge, had decided to make a run for it. Though
he did eventually stop half a kilometre from the scene of the accident, in the
trial judge’s view, this was only because the respondent realised that he
would not be able to escape responsibility for his actions. On the back of
such factual findings, the trial judge sentenced the respondent to a total of
six weeks’ imprisonment, a $2,000 fine and 18 months’ disqualification from
driving. Being dissatisfied with the decision of the District Court, the
respondent appealed against both his conviction and sentence on the basis that
the trial judge had erred in arriving at his findings of fact.

6 On appeal, the appellate judge found himself to be in full agreement with
the trial judge’s findings of fact and, consequently, refused to disturb any
of the factual conclusions arrived at by the trial judge. Given that the
respondent’s entire appeal had been predicated upon the allegation of
erroneous findings of fact made by the trial judge (save for a single allusion
that the sentence imposed by the trial judge had been manifestly excessive, a
proposition that had not been seriously advanced in the appeal), this would
have meant that the appeal would have been dismissed _in toto_. Nonetheless,
despite the fact that neither party had canvassed the matter before him, as
referred to earlier, the appellate judge proceeded to set aside the conviction
under s 84(4) of the Act. Notwithstanding its considerable length, given its
central importance to the matters that were before us, it would be useful to
reproduce, in its entirety, the appellate judge’s reasoning as to why the
conviction on the s 84(4) charge could not stand. This was dealt with at [25]
of the GD, where the appellate judge reasoned as follows:

The actual words used in s 84(4) are “no person shall, except under the
authority of a police officer, move or otherwise interfere with any vehicle
involved in the accident or any part of such vehicle or do any other act so as
to destroy or alter any evidence of the accident”. Implicit in the offence is
the fact that the vehicle involved is stationary at the location of the
accident. This is buttressed by the two exceptions in s 84(4) and by the
exception provided in s 84(5), which states that s 84(4) “shall not apply
where it is urgently necessary to remove any seriously injured person to
hospital and no suitable means of conveyance _other than a vehicle involved in
the accident is _at hand__ ” (emphasis added). Put simply, in order to remove
an object from point A, it must be at point A. The BMW in question was never
stationary at the scene of accident, hence the failure to stop charge. It was
there only in the sense that it was passing through without so much as a
momentary halt. If the [respondent] did stop voluntarily for a few seconds but
then decided to move on, he would have been guilty of an offence under s 84(3)
and (4) but not s 84(1). Since he did not stop at all until he was forced to
some distance away, it seems to me highly artificial to accuse him of having
“removed” his vehicle concurrently with his failure to stop. For this reason,
I was of the view that the removal of vehicle charge was legally incompatible
with the failure to stop charge and so set aside the conviction relating to
the former. [emphasis in original]

7 As a result of the appellate judge’s decision to set aside the respondent’s
conviction under s 84(4) of the Act, on 30 March 2007, the applicant filed,
pursuant to s 60 of the SCJA, an application requesting that the appellate
judge reserve for the decision of this court the following two questions of
law of public interest:

1 Whether the offences under sections 84(1) and 84(4) of the [Act] are
mutually exclusive offences.

2 If the answer to (1) is in the negative, whether in a serious accident as
described in section 84(4) of the [Act], the offences under sections 84(1) and
84(4) of the [Act] are both made out if the driver does stop his vehicle after
the accident, but at some distance away, because he had been forced to do so
by the realisation that someone had witnessed the accident.

8 The appellate judge granted the application. For ease of reference, we shall
refer in this judgment to the questions that have been posed to us, and as
reproduced in the preceding paragraph, as “the first question” and “the second
question” respectively.

**Two preliminary matters**

9 Before proceeding to consider the arguments that were canvassed before us,
however, two preliminary matters ought to be briefly mentioned. First, at the
commencement of the hearing, counsel for the respondent, Mr Ram Chandra
Ramesh, stated that the respondent had no intention of proffering any
arguments and was leaving the determination of the questions concerned (and,
obviously, their attendant impact on him) squarely to the court. In the
result, only the applicant’s arguments were available before us.

10 Secondly, at the commencement of the hearing, Mr Ram also informed us that
the respondent was not able to be personally present in court as he was
working in India. Mr Ram thus sought oral leave to dispense with the
respondent’s attendance for the purposes of the hearing before us. As no
objections were raised by the applicant, we granted leave to dispense with his
attendance on this particular occasion.

11 We turn now to consider, in turn, each of the two questions that have been
reserved for our decision.

**The first question**

12 In order to place the ensuing analysis in its appropriate context, it would
be appropriate for us to set out, for easy reference, the salient parts of s
84 of the Act. They read as follows:

(1) If in any case owing to the presence of a motor vehicle on a road an
accident occurs whereby damage or injury is caused to any person, vehicle,
structure or animal, the driver of the motor vehicle shall stop and, if
required to do so by any person having reasonable grounds for so requiring,
give his name and address and also the name and address of the owner and the
identification marks of the motor vehicle.

(2) If in the case of any such accident as aforesaid the driver of the motor
vehicle for any reason does not give his name and address to any such person
as aforesaid, he shall report the accident at a police station or to a police
officer as soon as reasonably practicable and, in any case, within 24 hours of
the occurrence thereof.

(3) If in any case owing to the presence of a motor vehicle on a road an
accident occurs whereby any person is killed or any damage or injury is caused
to any person, vehicle, structure or animal, the driver of the motor vehicle
shall render such assistance as may be reasonably required by any police
officer or in the absence of any police officer such assistance as it may
reasonably be in the power of the driver to render.

(4) When owing to the presence of a motor vehicle on a road an accident occurs
in consequence of which any person is killed or seriously injured or serious
damage is caused to any vehicle or structure, no person shall, except under
the authority of a police officer, move or otherwise interfere with any
vehicle involved in the accident or any part of such vehicle or do any other
act so as to destroy or alter any evidence of the accident except that —

(_a_) a vehicle or any part thereof may be moved so far as may be necessary to
extricate persons or animals involved, remove mails, prevent fire or prevent
damage or obstruction to the public; and

(_b_) goods or passengers baggage may be removed from a vehicle under the
supervision of a police officer.

(5) Subsection (4) shall not apply where it is urgently necessary to remove
any seriously injured person to hospital and no suitable means of conveyance
other than a vehicle involved in the accident is at hand.

…

13 To recapitulate, the first question is as follows:

Whether the offences under sections 84(1) and 84(4) of the [Act] are _mutually
exclusive_ offences. [emphasis added]

The phrase “mutually exclusive” is clearly the key phrase upon which the
answer to the first question turns. On a literal interpretation, the use of
such nomenclature suggests that the question which the applicant would like
this court to decide is whether the _commission_ of one offence would
necessarily preclude the commission of the other; if it would result in such
preclusion, then the offences would indeed be mutually exclusive – and _vice
versa_. Indeed, this was confirmed by the applicant’s _written_ submissions.
Further, during _oral_ argument, counsel for the applicant, Mr Han Ming Kuang,
agreed, in response to questions by this court, that the phrase “mutually
exclusive” meant that if an accused was charged under s 84(1) of the Act, he
or she could not be charged under s 84(4) of the same – and _vice versa_. It
will be immediately apparent that a question phrased in such terms has a
primarily _factual_ focus. Looked at in this light, it is clear that the first
question must be answered in the _negative_. In particular, it is important to
emphasise that s 84(1) of the Act _does_ _not_ entail only one obligation –
namely, the failure to stop after an accident. Even on a superficial reading
of s 84(1) of the Act, it is clear that that particular provision lays down
two separate obligations on the part of a driver after an accident has taken
place, namely, to stop, _and_ to provide particulars _where required_. As has
been observed of equivalent legislation in the UK, which is for all intents
and purposes _in pari materia_ with s 84(1) of the Act (and therefore highly
persuasive as to its import), a driver would only be considered to have
discharged his obligations under the provision if he fulfils “ _both the duty
of stopping and giving his name_ and address to anyone who reasonably required
it” [emphasis added], and if he “fails to stop but later gives particulars, or
if he stops but fails to give particulars, an offence is committed”: see
_Wilkinson’s Road Traffic Offences_ (Peter Wallis gen ed) (Sweet & Maxwell,
20th Ed, 2001) vol I at p 576, para 7.14 and p 584, para 7.34–40,
respectively.

14 Taking into account the correct interpretation that ought to be taken of s
84(1) of the Act as set out in the preceding paragraph, it is clear that both
ss 84(1) and 84(4) of the Act _must_ unambiguously be simultaneously engaged
in at least _one conceivable_ situation, _ie_ , where a driver _stops
initially_ , refuses to give his particulars to those who may reasonably
require it, and then proceeds to drive off. It is readily apparent that, in
such a situation, the driver concerned would have committed offences under
both ss 84(1) and 84(4) and would therefore be liable to prosecution under
_both_ these provisions, notwithstanding the fact that he or she had initially
stopped at the scene of the accident since this would not be sufficient to
exonerate the driver from an offence under s 84(1). Put simply, the driver
would have committed two offences: first, for the non-provision of details
(under s 84(1)) and, second, for the moving of his vehicle from the scene of
the accident (under s 84(4)). Accordingly, if we accord the words “mutually
exclusive” the meaning that the applicant appears to be canvassing, the first
question must _clearly_ be answered in the _negative_.

15 However, it appeared to us that that was not why the first question had
been referred to us for our decision. Indeed, when we sought clarification
from Mr Han as to why the first question had been reserved for our decision,
it became apparent to us that the applicant had reserved this question not
because it was seeking a view as to the _factual_ compatibility (or otherwise)
of ss 84(1) and 84(4) of the Act. Instead, the underlying reason was a _legal
or conceptual_ one which centred on the attempt to clarify whether or not,
_conceptually_ , the two offences in the aforementioned provisions could exist
side by side, thus facilitating the filing of separate charges as a result of
the same accident.

16 Viewed in isolation, the practical consequences of such a query are not
immediately apparent. Indeed, given the conventional wisdom that concurrent
sentencing should generally be the norm (see for example, the Singapore High
Court decision of _Hyder v Rex_ [1949] MLJ 15), if two offences arise out of
the same facts, one would have thought that the resolution of the question,
even if it relates to the _conceptual possibility_ of the two charges being
able to subsist side by side, really had insignificant practical value or
effect. This is especially so given the fact that both offences are punishable
under the same provision (_viz_ , s 131(2) of the Act), and therefore warrant
imposition of the same band of sentences.

17 Nonetheless, we were able to get to the heart of the applicant’s concern
once we were apprised of the practice of the applicant in hit-and-run cases.
As Mr Han clarified during the course of his oral submissions, in situations
akin to the one that is before us, the common practice on the part of the
applicant would be to proceed on three separate charges – one under s 84(1) of
the Act for failing to stop, one under s 84(3) of the Act for failing to
render assistance and, finally, one under s 84(4) of the Act for moving or
interfering with a vehicle without the authority of a police officer. Indeed,
it is significant to note that the Singapore parliament has been especially
concerned about the rising number of hit-and-run accidents. To this end,
penalties for such accidents were enhanced in 1996 (see the Road Traffic
(Amendment) Act 1996 (Act 11 of 1996) as well as _Singapore Parliamentary
Debates, Official Report_ (27 February 1996) vol 65 at cols 718–719) and,
again, in 2002 (which introduced, _inter alia_ , mandatory disqualification:
see the Road Traffic (Amendment) Act 2002 (Act 21 of 2002) as well as
_Singapore Parliamentary Debates, Official Report_ (23 July 2002) vol 75 at
cols 714–715). Indeed, during the Second Reading of the former amendment Act,
the Minister for Home Affairs, Mr Wong Kan Seng, observed thus (see _Singapore
Parliamentary Debates, Official Report_ (27 February 1996) vol 65 at col 718,
with very similar views being expressed by the same Minister some six years
later in _Singapore Parliamentary Debates, Official Report_ (23 July 2002) vol
75 at col 714):

We take a serious view of such accidents _because fleeing from the scene after
knocking down a person is an irresponsible act. The driver has a moral
obligation to stop after an accident and assist the victim. It can make a
difference between life and death._ [emphasis added]

The fact that _three_ (as opposed to any smaller number) charges are usually
preferred is to be viewed in the light of the above legislative policy in the
context of hit-and-run accidents and is, in fact, of especial importance given
the fact that under s 18 of the Criminal Procedure Code (Cap 68, 1985 Rev Ed)
(“CPC”), a person convicted of three _distinct_ offences has to be sentenced
to _at least two consecutive sentences_. For ease of reference, s 18 of the
CPC reads as follows:

**Consecutive sentences in certain cases.**

**18.** Where at one trial a person is convicted and sentenced to imprisonment
for at least 3 _distinct offences_ , the court before which he is convicted
shall order that the sentences for at least two of those offences shall run
consecutively.

[emphasis added]

18 The applicant’s first question related, therefore, in substance and effect,
to the applicability of s 18 for the purposes of hit-and-run offences. In
particular, if this court finds that ss 84(1) and 84(4) of the Act do not
evince _distinct_ offences, s 18 of the CPC does not apply; correspondingly,
however, if this court is of the view that they are _distinct_ offences, s 18
will apply. When viewed in this context, and utilising the phraseology of s 18
of the CPC, the question that this court must attempt to resolve would not be
the apparently irrelevant matter of whether the offences under ss 84(1) and
84(4) of the Act are _mutually exclusive_ (which, as we mentioned earlier,
they are clearly not), but whether the said offences _are distinct_. As such,
for the purposes of clarifying the intended import of the first question,
there would be significant virtue in rephrasing the first question as follows:

Whether the offences under sections 84(1) and 84(4) of the [Act] are
_distinct_ offences. [emphasis added]

19 We should stress that such a refashioning of a question being posed by an
applicant to this court in a criminal reference is neither novel nor
inappropriate. The overriding task of this court in any criminal reference is
to clarify questions of law of public interest. It should not be forgotten
that the primary objective of such a process is to allow this court an
opportunity to provide an authoritative articulation of the applicable
principles for future cases. This purpose would undoubtedly be frustrated if
this court is compelled to decide on questions that may be of insignificant
utility as a result of the use of inappropriate nomenclature by an applicant.
For that reason, where a question is couched in a manner which would
inadvertently mask its true import (which is the situation here), the court
retains a discretion to pose the question in a manner which will be more
appropriate and which will ensure that the substance of the question is
rendered clear, save that the refashioned question has to remain within the
four corners of s 60 of the SCJA: see the Singapore Court of Appeal decision
of _PP v Bridges Christopher_ [1998] 1 SLR 162 at [28].

20 Returning to the question (as rephrased at [18] above), we should highlight
that in resolving it, there would be no need to consider whether the appellate
judge had been correct in ascribing the meaning to the word “move” that he
did. On the contrary, the task of the court in resolving the first question is
placed within a much narrower compass, namely whether the said offences were,
strictly speaking, _distinct_ as a matter of law. We turn now to answer that
question (_as rephrased_).

21 What should be the meaning accorded to the term “distinct”? It should be
apparent that the term “distinct offence” envisages an additional requirement
over and above just being offences under law itself, for if so, the word
“distinct” would be rendered but mere surplusage. In our view, the appropriate
starting point would be F A Chua J’s astute observation in the Singapore High
Court decision of _Tham Wing Fai Peter v PP_ [1988] SLR 424 at 436, [63],
where he observed as follows:

‘Distinct’ means ‘not identical’. Two offences would be distinct if they are
not in any way inter-related but _if there is some interrelation it would
depend on the circumstances of the case in which the offences were committed
whether there is only one transaction and only one offence was committed._
[emphasis added]

22 In considering whether the circumstances warrant the view that distinct
offences had been committed, it would be important to ascertain how one
offence can be distinguished from another. In doing so, a leading local
commentator posits the following approach (see Bashir A Mallal, _Mallal’s
Criminal Procedure_ (Malayan Law Journal Sdn Bhd, 6th Ed, 2001) at para 6051):

The categories of distinct offences are … many. A distinct offence may be
distinguished from another offence by one or more of the following
characteristics:

(i) difference in time ie, commission on different occasions;

(ii) place;

(iii) persons aggrieved or injured;

(iv) nature of acts constituting offences under different sections.

23 Applying the principles just stated to the facts before us, in our view, ss
84(1) and 84(4) of the Act clearly constitute _distinct_ offences. This was,
after all, not a situation in which one offence was merely a more limited
version of the other. Instead, it should be readily apparent that each, in
law, comprises separate elements and entails separate considerations: s 84(1)
of the Act is premised upon a failure to stop and furnish particulars (where
necessary) whilst s 84(4) of the Act is premised upon the moving of a vehicle
without authority (in an accident that has resulted in a serious injury) so as
to result in the destruction or alteration of the evidence of the accident. On
the assumption that the facts of the particular case warrant it, we see no
conceptual difficulties in the Prosecution preferring a charge under s 84(1)
as well as a charge under s 84(4) since they each constitute separate
provisions capturing separate acts that entail separate (though equivalent)
sanctions. In short, conceptually, ss 84(1) and 84(4) of the Act can each form
the basis of separate charges in the appropriate circumstances given that they
are _distinct_ offences.

24 For the reasons given above, we are of the view that the first question,
_as rephrased_ , must necessarily be answered in the _positive_. We should
observe, however, that the answers given, respectively, to the first question
as originally formulated and to that as rephrased are not in fact inconsistent
with each other – although, as we have noted above, the first relates to the
_factual_ compatibility of ss 84(1) and 84(4) of the Act whereas the second
relates to the _legal_ compatibility of the same provisions. In the light of
the answer that has been given in relation to the first question (as
rephrased), it would be appropriate to proceed to consider the _second_
question which relates to whether or not, _in_ _the specific factual
circumstances posited therein_ , the offences under ss 84(1) and 84(4) of the
Act are both made out.

**The second question**

25 The salient part of the second question reads as follows:

[W]hether in a serious accident as described in section 84(4) of the [Act],
the offences under sections 84(1) and 84(4) of the [Act] are both made out if
the driver does stop his vehicle after the accident, but at some distance
away, because he had been forced to do so by the realisation that someone had
witnessed the accident.

26 This query would, in our view, be best resolved _via_ the resolution of two
other discrete (though interlinked) subsidiary questions that are inherent in
the question posed – first, whether s 84(4) of the Act would capture a factual
matrix such as the one that is currently before us, and second, whether an
offence under s 84(1) of the Act had similarly been made out. We will consider
each of these subsidiary questions in turn.

**_Whether an offence under section 84(4) of the Act is made out_**

27 Turning first to the question of whether the facts evidence the commission
of an offence under s 84(4) of the Act, as already referred to earlier (at [6]
above), the appellate judge was of the view that the word “move” as found in s
84(4) entails an implicit requirement of the said vehicle being initially
stationary at the scene of the accident. In his view, this was supported by
the fact that the exceptions and provisos to s 84(4) all operated on the
premise of the _moving_ of an initially stationary vehicle. Accordingly, as
the respondent never stopped at the scene of the accident, the appellate judge
was of the view that an offence under s 84(4) of the Act could not be made out
on the facts of this case.

28 It should be plainly evident that the crucial issue here is one of
construction: What is the meaning that should be accorded to the word “move”
as found in s 84(4) of the Act? Before us, the applicant suggested that, given
its clear and unambiguous import, there was no reason for the appellate judge
_not_ to ascribe the word “move” (as found in s 84(4) of the Act) its literal
meaning, which did not entail any requirement for the vehicle to have been
stationary at the accident site. In a related vein, it was suggested that the
appellate judge had been mistaken in his construction of the ambit of s 84(4)
of the Act in so far as the provisos to ss 84(4) and 84(5) of the Act ought
not to have been used by the appellate judge to limit the scope of the main
provision. There was also another (no less important, albeit broader) plank to
the applicant’s argument: Given the fact that the removal of a moving vehicle
impedes the efficacy of investigations as much as the moving of a vehicle that
had been initially stationary, to create a bifurcation between the two would
only serve to frustrate the very _raison d’être_ of the provision and pay lip
service to its avowed purpose of the preservation of evidence.

29 As an appropriate starting point, the court, when deducing the import of
particular words and phrases, is to interpret them according to the ordinary
and most understood sense of the words or phrases concerned: see in this
regard Lawton LJ’s famous _dictum_ in the English Court of Appeal decision of
_McCormick v Horsepower Ltd_ [1981] 1 WLR 993 at 999 as well as the comments
of Yong Pung How CJ in the Singapore High Court decision of _Fay v PP_ [1994]
2 SLR 154 at 157–158, [13]. Such a canon of interpretation is of especial
relevance where the words being construed are clear and unambiguous. As a
matter of construction, it cannot reasonably be said that there appeared to be
inherent ambiguity in s 84(4) of the Act. The word “move” is conventionally
defined as “change one’s position or posture”; “put or keep in motion”; or “go
or pass from place to place”: see _The Concise Oxford Dictionary of Current
English_ (Clarendon Press, 8th Ed, 1990). Conspicuously, all of the
conventional and more commonly-understood definitions of “move” encompass a
considerably wide ambit and none of them predicate their applicability on an
initial state of non-movement. We also note that although the actual charge
(under s 84(4) of the Act) against the respondent in the present case
contained the word “remove”, Mr Han pointed out that this was a typographical
oversight. Indeed, the actual word utilised in s 84(4) of the Act itself is
“move”. There is, in our view, a real difference in meaning between the words
“move” and “remove” (the word “remove” being defined in _The Concise Oxford
Dictionary of Current English_ as “take off or away _from the place or
position occupied_ ” or “ _move_ or take _to another place_ ” [emphasis
added]). If, indeed, s 84(4) had utilised the word “remove” instead, there
might have been a stronger case for the interpretation adopted by the learned
appellate judge. However, this is not the case; to reiterate, the word
utilised in this provision is “move” and is, in our view, to be accorded the
meaning which we have set out above.

30 We also agree with the applicant that it would not be appropriate, in the
circumstances, to define the ambit of the main provision by reference to the
ambit of its provisos. It is an established principle of law that provisos
are, in general, inappropriate aids to the construction of a statute where
there is no ambiguity within the said provision: see John Bell & Sir George
Engle, _Cross on_ _Statutory Interpretation_ (Butterworths, 3rd Ed, 1995) at p
122. As we have already noted, the word “move”, as found in s 84(4) of the
Act, evidences no such ambiguity. Indeed, we are of the view that the mere
absence of any exceptions that relate to a continually moving vehicle is, in
and of itself, neither here nor there, for it could be argued, quite
persuasively at that, that such absence is merely reflective of the
legislative intention for no such exception to exist.

31 Following from the above reasoning, there is considerable force in the
applicant’s argument that s 84(4) of the Act must clearly apply to the present
factual matrix. Indeed that s 84(4) of the Act must be read in a manner which
would capture the respondent’s conduct in the present case is further
fortified by adopting a _purposive approach_ to the said provision. As we
mentioned earlier, the underlying basis of s 84(4) of the Act is the
preservation of evidence. This is not only self-evident from the very terms of
the provision itself but is also buttressed by its historical antecedents
(see, in particular, the original marginal note to s 84(4) of the Act when it
was first introduced via s 33(4) of the Straits Settlements Road Traffic
(Amendment) Ordinance 1941 (Ord No 17 of 1941), which read, “ _Preservation of
evidence_ of _serious_ accidents” [emphasis added]; and on the utility of
marginal notes generally, see the recent decision of this court in _Tee Soon
Kay v AG_ [2007] SGCA 27 at [37]–[41]). The reason underlying the preservation
of evidence is to assist the police in shedding light as to the events that
transpired for the purposes of ascribing liability in attendant criminal
investigations. The importance of s 84(4) of the Act as central to this
overarching purpose cannot be overemphasised: Whilst the number of hit-and-run
cases has increased considerably over the years, the proportion of cases that
are actually solved remains low. Part of the problem that police officers face
is the difficulty in reconstructing the scene of the accident, a task that is
undoubtedly rendered impossible where parties tamper with the evidence by
fleeing the scene in their vehicles. Section 84(4) of the Act therefore serves
as a legislative attempt to reduce the likelihood of such attempts to tamper
with evidence that might hinder the success of any attendant investigations.
We are therefore of the view that s 84(4) of the Act should be construed in a
manner that would ensure that parties who fail to stop are rendered equally
liable as those who initially do stop, but who decide later to abscond with
the vehicle.

32 Although we agree with the applicant with respect to the interpretation to
be accorded to the word “move” in s 84(4) of the Act, there might be a more
straightforward legal route that ensures, with equal efficacy, that the
integrity and purpose of that provision is fulfilled. In particular, given the
fact that s 84(4) of the Act captures situations in which such persons “move
or otherwise interfere … or do any other act so as to destroy or alter any
evidence of the accident”, we see no reason why fidelity to the _raison
d’être_ of the provision cannot be achieved by taking the more logical
approach of capturing factual scenarios such as the one before us under the
ambit of the words “do[ing] any other act”. In our view, the adoption of such
an approach would not only ensure that the underlying purpose of s 84(4) of
the Act is fulfilled, but would also have the added advantage of avoiding the
various interpretive difficulties associated with the meaning of the word
“move” which we have in fact considered above.

33 Accordingly, although we agree with the applicant on the interpretation to
be accorded to the word “move” in s 84(4) of the Act and the fact that it
technically covers situations such as the one that is before us, we should
stress that, in future, should a party be charged with an offence under s
84(4) of the Act under a similar factual matrix, it would be preferable for
the applicant to consider proceeding against such a party on the basis of his
commission of “any other act” so as to alter or destroy evidence, as opposed
to the “moving” the vehicle for the same purpose.

**_Whether an offence under section 84(1) of the Act is made out_**

34 The next question that necessitates resolution would be whether the offence
under s 84(1) of the Act is made out, in particular, whether the stopping of a
vehicle a distance away as a result of realising that there had been
eyewitnesses would amount to stopping for the purposes of the Act. In this
regard, the trial judge found as follows ([2006] SGDC 263 at [42]):

One might argue that, regardless, the [respondent] _did_ stop. However, as
noted above, the requirement to stop after an accident is a positive duty that
the [respondent] must discharge. _To stop because one is coerced into having
to do so is, to my mind, not a proper discharge of that duty._ The offences
under Section 84 were completed once the [respondent] became aware of the
accident – which, reasonably, he had to be almost immediately upon impact –
and made the decision to drive on. [emphasis added]

35 It should be added that the learned appellate judge agreed with such an
approach, with his Honour reasoning, as follows (see the GD at [22]):

The duty to stop [under s 84(1)] is an immediate one upon the realization that
an accident had taken place. To stop is come to a halt. The stopping must not
have been coerced by others or by circumstances. As found by the district
judge, the [respondent] must have been aware of the collision but drove on for
another few hundred metres. The [respondent] did not stop on his own accord –
he was effectively forced to do so because someone happened to have witnessed
the accident and gave chase. Stopping after having been ordered to do so by
law enforcement officers or having been directed to do so by public-spirited
road-users … does not satisfy the duty mandated by the [Act]. Otherwise, a
hit-and-run driver who was chased by the police for five kilometres and
finally apprehended would be able to make the absurd claim that he did finally
stop. Similarly, if the [respondent] had stopped some distance away from the
scene of accident because his car stalled after encountering some mechanical
problem or because he drove it into a ditch, it could not sensibly be said
that he did stop as required by law. Of course, if a driver could prove that
he was not able to stop his vehicle after an accident because the brakes
failed or due to some other factor over which he had no control, then he would
not be guilty of the offence of failing to stop.

36 We are in full agreement with the observations of both the trial judge and
the appellate judge. While there is admittedly no apparent subjective
requirement under the Act that there has to be _an intention_ on the part of
the driver to stop _willingly_ , one should not forget that any interpretation
of the provision should not be made _in vacuo_ and should be done by ensuring
that any interpretation adopted does not give leaden feet to the _raison
d’être_ of a provision: see _Constitutional Reference No 1 of 1995_ [1995] 2
SLR 201 at 210–211, [49]. Section 84(1) of the Act imposes a duty on the
parties to not only stop – but, rather, to stop in order to provide
particulars, no doubt to ensure proper accountability. In our view, therefore,
s 84(1) of the Act must be read in such a manner as to promote such a purpose.
For that reason, it cannot be seriously argued that if a party stops at a
traffic junction a couple of metres away from the accident site with no
intention to provide his particulars, he would be deemed to have “stopped” for
the purposes of the Act, notwithstanding the actual physical act of coming to
a standstill.

37 Such a commonsensical and practical approach would, presumably, also apply
in relation to the question of the appropriate distance away from the scene of
the accident at which one should stop. The starting point of course must be
that one should stop as close to the scene of the accident as possible. In
many instances, this would be the exact site itself. Nonetheless, it should be
readily apparent that such an argument is not without its attendant
exceptions: If, for example, a party stopped his vehicle a hundred metres away
from the scene of the accident as that represents the most convenient and
safest location at which to stop, it can hardly be said that he did not “stop”
for the purposes of the Act or that s 84(1) would be contravened on the
technicality of the failure to immediately stop. As a matter of principle, it
must be the case that as long as the driver stops at the nearest safe and
convenient location near the accident site and stops to furnish the necessary
particulars (where necessary), the duty to “stop” under s 84(1) must surely be
considered to have been discharged.

38 Nonetheless, we should highlight that the question of whether stopping half
a kilometre away would contravene s 84(1) of the Act is, in itself, a red
herring in the circumstances of the present case, for the question posed to us
clearly posits that the respondent had no intention to stop at the earliest
possible safe and convenient juncture and only did so when it became obvious
that he would not have been able to escape fault for his inadvertent misdeed.
Even the most sanguine of observers must surely accept that the duty of a
driver under s 84(1) of the Act cannot be discharged merely by the act of
stopping in such circumstances.

39 Accordingly, we are of the opinion that the second question has to be
resolved in the positive, _ie_ , that both offences had been made out.

**Conclusion**

40 Drawing the various threads of analyses together, we are of the view that
the questions posed (as rephrased) should be answered (for the reasons set out
above) as follows:

(a) Whether the offences under ss 84(1) and 84(4) of the Act are distinct
offences.

Answer: Yes.

(b) Whether in a serious accident as described in s 84(4) of the Act, the
offences under ss 84(1) and 84(4) of the Act are both made out if the driver
does stop his vehicle after the accident, but at some distance away, because
he had been forced to do so by the realisation that someone had witnessed the
accident.

Answer: Yes.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 17 Jul 2007 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

