Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Singapore Technologies Kinetics Ltd v Eco Fuels Solutions Asia, Inc and
Others  
[2007] SGHC 103

Case Number | : | Suit 685/2006, RA 95/2007  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 28 June 2007  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Choo Han Teck J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Adrian Wong and Firdaus Rubin (Rajah & Tann) for the plaintiff; Ng Lip Chih (Ng Lip Chih & Co) for the third defendant   
Parties | : |  Singapore Technologies Kinetics Ltd — Eco Fuels Solutions Asia, Inc; Anthony Alles; Teo Keng Leng Brandon   
  
28 June 2007 |   
---|---  
  
Choo Han Teck J:

1 This was an appeal by the third defendant against the summary judgment
ordered against him by the court below. The plaintiff’s claim against the
third defendant was for judgment based on a guarantee executed by the third
defendant in the plaintiff’s favour. The guarantee was to give comfort to the
plaintiff in its acquisition of a share in a joint venture company that was to
be incorporated to carry on the business of developing fuel emulsion
technology and secure its investment. The first defendant was to be the co-
shareholder of this company, and the second defendant was a director of the
first defendant. The second defendant had signed the contract, described as a
“Term Sheet” dated 17 May 2006, on behalf of the first defendant. The
plaintiff terminated the agreement with the first defendant and sought to
enforce the guarantee given by the third defendant that he will pay the
plaintiff S$5,000,000 if the first defendant failed to do so. This sum was the
amount advanced by the plaintiff in contemplation of the joint venture
proceeding according to the terms of the “Term Sheet”. The third defendant was
a party to the contract between the plaintiff and the first defendant.

2 The contract between the plaintiff and the third defendant was the contract
in writing dated 17 May 2006 in which the third defendant gave his guarantee
and subject to the terms there which included this term:

6\. Continuing Security

The obligations of the [third defendant] under this Guarantee will remain in
full force and effect by way of continuing security until no sum remains
payable (whether actually or contingently) by [first defendant] under or in
connection with the JVTS and [plaintiff] has irrevocably received or recovered
all sums payable to it under or in connection with the JVTS. Furthermore,
these obligations of the [third defendant] are additional to, and not instead
of, any other agreement, security, guarantee or indemnity at any time existing
in favour of any person, whether from the [first defendant] or otherwise, and
may be enforced without first having recourse to the [first defendant], any
other person or any other agreement, security, guarantee or indemnity.

3 It was in these clear words that the third defendant gave his guarantee. It
was not his defence that the plaintiff had been paid. The third defendant’s
case was that the guarantee that he had given expired after five days. That
was an allegation that was flatly contrary to the words of his agreement set
out above, that it was to be a continuing guarantee.

4 Alternatively, he claimed that the plaintiff had given the first defendant
time to find another guarantee so that the one given by the third defendant
could be discharged. Even if that were true, it was an agreement to which the
third defendant was not privy and nothing in the affidavits indicated that a
right accrued to the third defendant to enforce that alleged agreement between
the plaintiff and the first defendant.

5 Lastly, the third defendant claimed that he was misled into giving the
guarantee by reason of a misrepresentation by the plaintiff to him to the
effect that his guarantee was only for five days. The court below also did not
accept this claim. One of the court’s reasons was that it would, if true, have
meant that the plaintiff would be left without any security and that could not
reasonably have been intended by the parties. I think that the inference drawn
below was a valid and reasonable inference. However, given the size of the
claim and the clarity of the contracts, not only between the plaintiff and the
third defendant, but also the main one between the plaintiff and the first
defendant, and the alleged third ground of defence based on misrepresentation,
a defence that would have to be determined at trial as a question of fact, I
decided to grant the third defendant an opportunity of persuading the trial
judge that he fell for the alleged misrepresentation. However, that defence
was, in the language of summary judgment applications, a shadowy one given the
circumstances and the uncontroverted documents, and therefore, in my view,
leave to defend should only be granted if the plaintiff’s case was not
prejudiced.

6 In this regard, a payment into court or the provision of a banker’s
guarantee, or a solicitor’s guarantee for the full sum would be a fair
condition to be imposed for the opportunity of testing his defence and I so
ordered.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 28 Jun 2007 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

