Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Ng Chye Huey and Another v Public Prosecutor  
[2007] SGCA 3

Case Number | : | Cr M 24/2006  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 24 January 2007  
Tribunal/Court | : | Court of Appeal  
Coram | : |  Kan Ting Chiu J; Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA; Tay Yong Kwang J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  M Ravi (M Ravi & Co) for the applicants; Hay Hung Chun (Deputy Public Prosecutor) for the respondent   
Parties | : |  Ng Chye Huey; Erh Boon Tiong — Public Prosecutor   
  
Courts and Jurisdiction – Jurisdiction – Court of Appeal – Criminal motion
filed in and heard by High Court – Whether Court of Appeal having jurisdiction
to hear criminal motion as appeal against High Court's finding on criminal
motion – Whether Court of Appeal having jurisdiction to hear criminal motion
in exercise of Court of Appeal's supervisory or revisionary jurisdiction  
  
Criminal Procedure and Sentencing – Criminal motion – Abuse of process –
Criminal motion filed in and heard by High Court – Applicant seeking Court of
Appeal's hearing of the matter as appeal against High Court's finding or in
exercise of Court of Appeal's supervisory or revisionary jurisdiction –
Whether application amounting to abuse of court's process  
  
Criminal Procedure and Sentencing – Criminal motion – Whether omission to make
reference to remedy sought sufficient grounds for disposing of motion –
Whether applicants' notice of motion legally adequate – Applicable principles  
  

24 January 2007 |   
---|---  
  
Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA (delivering the grounds of decision of the court):

1 The present proceedings concerned a criminal motion brought by two
applicants. At the time this motion was filed, the applicants were standing
trial in the Subordinate Courts for criminal charges brought against them. In
this motion, the applicants sought an order from this court, directing the
trial judge in the Subordinate Courts (“the trial judge”) to make a number of
orders to facilitate the adduction of certain United Nations (“UN”) reports in
evidence.

2 After hearing parties’ arguments, we dismissed the applicants’ motion as
being misconceived and now give the detailed grounds for our decision.

**Background to proceedings**

3 The events leading up to the present motion are briefly as follows. On 20
July 2006, the applicants were arrested and charged under s 13B(1)(_b_) of the
Miscellaneous Offences (Public Order and Nuisance) Act (Cap 184, 1997 Rev Ed)
(“MOA”) read with s 34 of the Penal Code (Cap 224, 1985 Rev Ed) for displaying
insulting writing that was likely to cause harassment in furtherance of their
common intention. They both claimed trial, and their joint trial in the
Subordinate Courts commenced before the trial judge on 28 August 2006.

4 The present motion before us was preceded by Criminal Motion No 23 of 2006
in the High Court (“the High Court motion”). This motion was filed on the
third day of the applicants’ joint trial in the Subordinate Courts, _ie_ , 30
August 2006. The applicants’ central contention, both here and in the High
Court, related to events that had allegedly occurred on the second day of the
trial.

5 On that day, the investigating officer in charge of the applicants’ case
(“the IO”) took the stand as a prosecution witness. According to the
applicants, the IO conceded under cross-examination that the applicants’
display would _not_ have been “insulting” if its contents were true. This
supposed concession led the applicants’ counsel, Mr M Ravi, to refer the IO to
a UN report that purportedly affirmed the truth of the applicants’ allegedly
“insulting” display. Mr Ravi then asked that the IO be given leave to verify
the report, which formed the intended subject of his (Mr Ravi’s) subsequent
line of questioning. He additionally suggested that the trial judge direct the
Attorney-General’s Chambers to assist in this task. The Deputy Public
Prosecutor (“the DPP”) objected to the applicants’ reliance on this document,
contending that it was hearsay and therefore inadmissible. To address the
DPP’s concerns, Mr Ravi then asked that he be given some time to arrange for
the maker of this report to be called as a witness. The _applicants_ averred
that the trial judge had refused this application for an adjournment,
insisting instead that cross-examination of the IO continue. The alleged
objectionability of this order formed the basis of the applicants’ motion in
both the High Court and before us.

6 We pause here to clarify that in dismissing the applicants’ motion, we make
_no_ pronouncement on what had actually happened before the trial judge.
Whilst these events would have significantly impinged on the _substantive_
merits of the applicants’ motion, the fundamental and incurable jurisdictional
defects that plagued the motion made it unnecessary to proceed to a
consideration of these substantive issues.

7  The High Court motion was heard by Choo Han Teck J on 31 August 2006.
Counsel for the applicants sought to convince Choo J to grant three orders in
the exercise of the High Court’s “supervisory and appellate jurisdiction”
pursuant to s 27 of the Supreme Court of Judicature Act (Cap 322, 1999 Rev Ed)
(“SCJA”). First, he asked that the IO be given some time to verify the report
since it would be the subject of his subsequent line of questioning. Second,
and in the alternative, he asked that the Attorney-General’s Chambers be
ordered to ascertain its veracity and authenticity. Third, and in the further
alternative, counsel asked that the trial judge be directed to give the
applicants sufficient time to call the maker of the report.

8 At the end of the hearing, Choo J dismissed the High Court motion. According
to Choo J, the application had to be considered in its broader context,
including as part of what he referred to as the “independence of the
judiciary” principle and the “rule of law”. First, Choo J held that the
principle of judicial independence required that the subject matter of the
motion be left to the discretion of the trial judge. It would not be right for
anyone, whether the Attorney-General or the High Court, to interfere and tell
the trial judge how he should rule on the evidence. Secondly, the rule of law
required that the trial process be completed. Regardless of what the trial
judge might have said and whatever intermediate rulings he might have made,
there was still a chance that he might ultimately acquit both the applicants
at the end of the trial. Based on these reasons, Choo J dismissed the High
Court motion and directed that the trial should resume in the Subordinate
Courts. Later, _and on_ _that very same day_ , the applicants filed the
present motion before this court.

**The issues**

9 The applicants’ motion before this court raised a number of novel issues. An
extremely important – and threshold – issue related to _the legal adequacy_
(or rather the lack thereof) of the present application. The second main issue
related to the issue of _jurisdiction_. Finally, a related issue pertained to
a possible abuse of the process of the court. We turn now to consider these
issues _seriatim_.

**The legal adequacy of the application**

10 The applicants’ motion suffered from a fundamental procedural defect on a
preliminary, yet highly fundamental, issue. This defect concerned the
documents which the applicants tendered in support of their motion, which were
woefully lacking in any detail whatsoever. Taken at face value, the language
of the applicants’ notice of motion shed little, if any, light on the orders
sought in the present proceedings. According to the notice of motion, the
applicants’ counsel, Mr Ravi, was supposed to “move this Honourable Court …
for an order that the trial … be _stayed immediately_ _pending_ the hearing of
this Criminal Motion … on the ground that _the Applicants have been denied a
fair trial_ ” [emphasis added]. Though it was apparent from this that the
_basis_ for the present motion was the alleged violation of the applicants’
right to a fair trial, it remained unclear what _remedies_ were actually
sought as a consequence of this violation. Whilst the language of the notice
of motion reflected the fact that the applicants were seeking a stay of the
trial, the contemporaneous use of the words “ _pending_ the hearing of this
Criminal Motion” indicated that a stay was only an _interlocutory_ measure,
rather than the primary form of relief sought before us.

11  The affidavit filed by the applicants was of little assistance in
advancing this inquiry. In this document, the applicants only went so far as
to claim that the trial judge’s insistence that the trial should carry on
without the UN document being admitted was “a serious violation of [their]
right to a fair trial”, leaving “counsel [to] address the court on the legal
aspects”.

12 When parties appeared before us, counsel for the applicants clarified that
he was in fact seeking an order from this court either directing that the
maker of the UN document need not be called, or, alternatively, directing the
trial judge to allow the applicants sufficient time to call this person as a
witness. Significantly, when confronted with the express terms of the
applicants’ notice of motion, Mr Ravi himself recognised that the notice of
motion was misconceived in so far as it suggested that the substantive relief
sought before this court was an interim stay of the proceedings _pending the
hearing of this application before us_. This concession was implicit from the
following excerpt of the transcript of the proceedings:[note: 1]

Phang JA: Looking at your application, it’s not entirely clear to us…what
remedies are being sought in the present application.

> > …
>>

>> You see, [your notice of motion] says here, you want an order that the
trial in [the subordinate court] be stayed immediately pending the hearing of
this criminal motion which we are hearing today…on the ground that the
applicants have been denied a fair trial. That’s all---

…

Ravi: ---I would say that I am asking this Court of Appeal right now to direct
that the UN document---the United Nations rapporteur be called---and need not
be called if the learned Deputy Public Prosecutor accepts that these supposed
allegations in these reports, whatever compilations or extracts, are in fact
resolutions passed by not only just the United Nations but also by the
Congress…

I would urge this Court…to direct that this document be directed to be by way
of motion---that’s why I didn’t stay the proceedings because I’m going by
motion, not by appeal---that this Court, Court of Appeal, direct that the
Subordinate Court give some appropriate directions at the pre-trial
conference…that the maker of the document need not be called, need not come to
Singapore because unless the DPP is saying that Singapore takes objections to
this document, the maker, then give us the opportunity for the maker of the
document who has always been available, but the DPP is saying neither this nor
that. The judge is confused. I am confused and that’s why I came via a
criminal motion. I am not confused. I am not asking for a stay of the
proceedings.

[emphasis added]

13 Both the applicants’ notice of motion and their affidavit before us clearly
omitted to make any reference to the relief that was _in fact_ being sought
according to counsel’s submissions in the above excerpt. This ambiguity in
their court papers was itself sufficient ground to dispose of their motion
before us. In the Singapore High Court decision of _Ng Ai Tiong v PP_ [2000] 2
SLR 358 (“ _Ng Ai Tiong_ ”), the applicant filed an application to the High
Court under s 60 of the SCJA, seeking to refer four questions of law to the
Court of Appeal. Though the applicant referred to these four questions in his
motion before the High Court, he omitted to elaborate the _exact court order_
that was being sought. Yong Pung How CJ expressed the view that this lack of
particularity _was itself_ an adequate reason to dismiss the application.
According to Yong CJ (at [3]–[5]):

At the outset, I am compelled to point out a _critical procedural error_ made
by counsel for the applicant in bringing this motion. …

… It is a fundamental requirement in applications made to the court that the
court receives proper notice of what exactly is being asked from it. _This
necessitates that counsel enunciates clearly in the relevant court papers,
such as in the motion paper in this case, the precise order that is being
requested_.

In the present case, this _basic requirement_ was evidently not satisfied. A
careful perusal of both the motion paper as well as the notice of motion filed
showed that nowhere in either of the documents was it stated that the
applicant was seeking to refer the four questions to the Court of Appeal for
consideration. _The blatant oversight by counsel for the applicant would have
been sufficient reason for me to dismiss this application_.

[emphasis added]

14 In a similar vein, the manifest inadequacies of the applicants’ motion
papers and affidavit themselves sufficed to warrant a disposal of the present
motion. Parties would do well to remember that applications before this court
have to be sufficiently detailed so as to give both the court, as well as the
opposing party, adequate notice of what is being sought by way of the
proceedings. Despite these blatant insufficiencies in their supporting
documentation, in the interests of achieving substantive justice, we
nevertheless proceeded to hear the applicants. Whilst this irregularity was
not the sole basis for our ultimate decision to dismiss the motion, it did, at
the same time, reflect a consistent theme that ran throughout the entire
application before us. As will be seen further below, much of the applicants’
case before this court was grossly misconceived and plagued by fundamental and
irreconcilable inconsistencies.

**The issue of jurisdiction**

15 Apart from these somewhat more procedural considerations, the present
application additionally raised a number of more important issues relating to
the jurisdiction of this court. First, what was the nature of the present
application? Did it constitute an appeal against Choo J’s decision? Or did it
constitute a separate application in itself? This initial question itself
raised further – but no less important – issues. If the present application
indeed constituted an appeal against Choo J’s decision, _what_ was the nature
of the order being appealed against? In other words, what was the legal basis
for the applicants’ purported right of appeal against Choo J’s decision?
Alternatively, if the present application was a _discrete_ set of proceedings
independent from those commenced before Choo J, what imbued this court with
the jurisdiction to hear such an application?

16 These questions raised fundamental issues of broader import and
significance for the orderly conduct of criminal proceedings. At the heart of
our present decision lay the need for parties and counsel to have greater
regard for the established hierarchy of our courts in criminal matters. Given
this broader context, it would be appropriate to preface our present analysis
of the jurisdictional issues with an important preliminary point.

**_This court’s jurisdiction_**

17  It has been emphasised time and again that our Court of Appeal is a
creature of statute and is hence only seised of the jurisdiction that has been
conferred upon it by the relevant provisions in the legislation creating it:
see, for example, the Singapore Court of Appeal decisions of _Microsoft
Corporation v SM Summit Holdings_ [2000] 2 SLR 137 (_“Summit Holdings_ ”) at
[17] and _Abdullah bin A Rahman v PP_ [1994] 3 SLR 129 at 132, [7]. A
jurisdiction-conferring provision, whether derived from the SCJA or elsewhere,
is an essential and indispensable prerequisite that an applicant before this
court _must_ have as a legal basis upon which to canvass the substantive
merits of his or her application. These jurisdictional rules are essential to
the orderly conduct of litigation in our courts. Without a sufficiently clear
delineation of the respective spheres of dominion of each level of our
hierarchy of courts, chaos would inevitably result as parties seek, willy-
nilly and solely for their own advantage, to bring their applications before
different levels of court in an instrumental, haphazard and legally
unprincipled fashion.

**_An appeal against Choo J’s decision?_**

18 As stated above (at [15]), the first jurisdictional issue which arose
related to whether the applicants’ present motion was in the nature of an
attempt to invoke: (a) this court’s _supervisory or revisionary_ criminal
jurisdiction to regulate the trial proceedings; or (b) its _appellate_
criminal jurisdiction over Choo J’s decision. Whilst the answer to this
question may be self-apparent in many, if not most, cases, it was far from
clear in the present proceedings. The difficulties arising from this seemingly
simple question were undoubtedly the result of the applicants’ unorthodox
approach to criminal procedure.

19 Various aspects of the applicants’ motion before us tended to suggest that
they were attempting to invoke this court’s supervisory or revisionary
jurisdiction in respect of the orders sought. First, the present proceedings
were commenced by way of a _fresh notice of motion_ , rather than through a
notice of appeal against Choo J’s dismissal of the High Court motion. In
addition, the applicants used the _exact_ same notice of motion and affidavit
in the High Court motion as they had in the present application before us.
This act alone suggested that the applicants intended to commence a _distinct_
and _parallel_ set of proceedings that were _unrelated_ to the High Court
motion. This consequently indicated that the applicants sought to invoke some
form of supervisory or revisionary jurisdiction which they must have thought
existed _independently_ in this court _over the Magistrate’s Court_.

20 On the other hand, however, the _headings_ in the cover sheet to the
applicants’ notice of motion tended to suggest otherwise. According to this
heading, the present motion was expressed as being “In the Matter of Criminal
Motion Number 23 of 2006”. This reference to the _High Court_ motion
conflicted with the preceding observations and indicated that the applicants’
intention in the present proceedings was in fact to bring _an appeal_ against
Choo J’s earlier decision.

21 The indeterminacy of the applicants’ motion was most clearly demonstrated
by Mr Ravi’s evasive approach when asked to clarify whether or not the present
application constituted an appeal against Choo J’s decision. When he was first
asked this question, Mr Ravi unequivocally stated that the present motion was
_not_ in the nature of an appeal. The relevant parts of the transcript of the
proceedings read as follows:[note: 2]

Phang JA: Mr Ravi, this matter was brought before Justice Choo in the High
Court?

Ravi: Yes.

Phang JA: Yes?

Ravi: Yes.

Phang JA: All right. Take it a step at a time.

> > ….
>>

>> As I mentioned a moment ago, this matter was brought before Justice Choo by
way of a criminal motion in the High Court.

Ravi: Yes.

Phang JA: _Are you appealing against Justice Choo’s decision?_

Ravi: _Nay._

Phang JA: _You are not?_

Ravi: _I am filing a criminal motion just like in the matter of Vignes Moorthy
[Mourthi] v the Public Prosecutor._

Phang JA: Right. So the next step, Mr Ravi, is to look at section 29A---

> > …
>>

>> \---of the Supreme Court of Judicature Act, in particular, section 29A
subsection (2) which relates to the criminal jurisdiction of the Court of
Appeal---

Ravi: Yes.

Phang JA: --- because you are before the Court of Appeal now.

Ravi: Sure, Sir.

Phang JA: Okay. Section 29A(2) says this: [s 29A(2) read]. Shall I read that
to you again?

Ravi: _Sir, I am not appealing._

…

Ravi: You know, Sir, what I am clutching before this Court and the Courts
together that have constituted under the Constitution is this vital point, and
the vital point being that, first of all, this Court is always independent of
---its independent of the Judiciary. The separation of powers under [Dicey’s]
rule of law is very clear. Under the Constitution of the Republic of
Singapore, the Constitution says very clearly that the Courts are always
independent without fear or favour at all times and that have been constituted
very clearly in the Constitution, [the] Constitution being the supreme law of
this land.

Phang JA: Mr Ravi, I don’t think anyone in this Courtroom disagrees with that
statement, but the issue for us now is this: does this Court have the
jurisdiction to hear this criminal motion under section 29A subsection (2) of
the Supreme Court of Judicature Act?

Ravi: Yes.

Phang JA: _Perhaps you can address us on this because section 29A(2) states
that the criminal jurisdiction of this Court shall consist of appeals against
any decision of the High Court in the exercise of its original criminal
jurisdiction. The difficulty we have is that you’ve just stated a moment ago
that you are not--- this is not an appeal against Justice Choo’s decision._

Mr Ravi: _Yes, that is right, I am going under section 27._

Phang JA: _But, Mr Ravi, we can look at section 27._

Ravi: _Yes._

Phang JA: _Section 27, the heading says, “General supervisory and revisionary
jurisdiction of the High Court”, not the Court of Appeal._

….

Ravi: _Yes, and the High Court must mean that the Court of Appeal has also ---
that was what Mr Yong Pung How stated very clearly._

Phang JA: _No, Mr Ravi, how can the High Court and the Court of Appeal be the
same?_

[emphasis added]

22  Based on the above responses, one would reach the inevitable conclusion
that the present proceedings were founded on the alternative premise, _viz_ ,
that the present application was a discrete and separate one. However, this
was not to be. A little later on in the proceedings, Mr Ravi appeared to
change his mind, albeit proffering a proposition that was as ambiguous as it
was confusing. The relevant part of the transcript reads as follows:[note: 3]

Phang JA: Yes. What was the nature of the proceedings before Justice Choo? It
was a criminal motion, right? Yes?

Ravi: Yes.

Phang JA: _Yes. Now, you brought a separate---what you’re saying is you’re not
appealing against Justice Choo’s decision? This is a separate criminal motion
but now brought before the Court of Appeal, yes?_

Ravi: _Yes, that’s right._

Phang JA: _So you’re saying there’s no relationship between Justice Choo’s---
the proceedings, rather, before Justice Choo and the proceedings before this
Court today?_

Mr Ravi: _No, I don’t say that._

Phang JA: Okay.

Ravi: No, no, Sir---Sir, no, no, no, there is a relationship. Of course there
is a relationship. The relationship---I mean, I don’t want to go into the
theory of relativity, but the relationship is this, Sir, that---

Phang: Yes.

Ravi: --- Justice Choo, unlike Justice Woo Bih Li, had not written any
decision---grounds of decision. You know why I am saying this? Justice Lai Kew
Chai and Justice Woo Bih Li wrote their [grounds of] decisions when the Court
of Appeal was summoned by me on behalf of Vignes [Mourthi] when he was hanged
on 26th.

Phang JA: _But you see, Mr Ravi, if this had been an appeal before us today_
\---

Ravi: _No, no, no_.

Phang JA: ---then there would have---

Ravi: Just bear with me, Sir.

Phang JA: _Is this an appeal from Justice Choo’s decision? No?_

Mr Ravi: _Yes_.

Phang JA: _It is?_

Ravi: _It is. It’s somewhat---it is to the---_

Phang JA: No, but you just---I thought you just said---

Ravi: No, can I just clarify, Sir?

Phang JA: ---a moment ago---

Ravi: Can I just clarify that slowly. First point, first of all, in the---
under section 27 of the Supreme Court of Judicature Act, when I appeared
before Justice Choo Han Teck, I was quite clear that I was certainly going
under section 27 of the supervisory, appellate and the---

Phang JA: All right.

Ravi: --- criminal jurisdiction ---

Phang JA: Okay.

Ravi: --- of the High Court.

Phang JA: _But which was it? Before Justice Choo? You’re saying section 27, we
are with you. Was it under the Court’s supervisory or revisionary
jurisdiction?_

Mr Ravi: _The Court’s---all three. Either---I was---supervisory jurisdiction,
I would say._

Phang JA: No, there’s only two. There are only two in section 27.

Ravi: Yes.

Phang JA: Supervisory or revisionary. Which one was it?

Ravi: It says supervisory---

Phang JA: Mm-hm.

Ravi: ---revisionary---“or”, isn’t it? It’s disjunctive?

…

Ravi: Sir, if you were to just look at---clearly, I mean, with respect Sir,
I’m not---don’t, you know, mean to be, you know---

Phang: Mm-hm.

Ravi: ---impudent in any sense of the matter. If you look at clearly section
27 of the Supreme Court of Judicature Act, a close scrutiny of the section
would say that---clearly I’m not talking about the general ambit of the
section. But if you look at section 27, it’s clear that the High Court, and I
would also argue that the Court of Appeal too, has general supervisory,
original---I mean, supervisory and revisionary jurisdiction. And in the High
Court when I filed the criminal motion, I was arguing that the High Court had
them when I appeared before---

Phang JA: Yes.

Ravi: ---and I stand guided by the Constitution of the Republic of Singapore,
not only just---Sir, what is more important, substantive justice or procedural
justice?

Phang JA: Both, Mr Ravi.

…

Phang JA: _All right, Mr Ravi, don’t mean to interrupt but we need to be clear
about where you’re at. What was the nature of the proceedings before Justice
Choo?_

…

Phang JA: _Just the nature of the proceedings before Justice Choo - not before
us, before Justice Choo._

Ravi: _Nature of proceedings before Justice Choo---_

Phang JA: _Yes._

Ravi: _\---was to exercise supervisory and appellate and revisionary
jurisdiction over the Subordinate Court’s lack of independence._

Phang JA: _You’re saying supervisory and---_

Ravi: _Revisionary---_

Phang JA: _\---revisionary---_

Ravi: _\---and appellate---_

Phang JA: _\---and appellate._

Ravi: _\---jurisdiction---_

Phang JA: _Okay, all right._

Ravi: _\---constructed within and constituted and drafted clearly under
section_  _27 of the SCJA_. Sir, you must understand, and I don’t mean to be
impudent about that fact also, that Supreme Court Judicature Act is just an
Act. It is subordinate to the Constitution. And what does the constitution
says? The Constitution is very clear. The Constitution says that the Court of
Appeal has powers over all matters, Subordinate or High Court or whatever
stage. …

And the Courts have---Wee Chong Jin’s Courts, as well as Mr Yong Pung How’s
Court, have made it very clear that the Court of Appeal has all the powers.

Phang JA: _All right, Mr Ravi._

_…_

_Okay, now, are these proceedings an appeal against Justice Choo’s decision or
are these proceedings a separate application on your client’s part?_

…

Phang JA: _You’re not answering yet, right? Are these proceedings an appeal
against Justice Choo’s decision? Yes or no?_

Ravi: _It is “yes”---_

Phang JA: _Yes._

Ravi: _\--and it is a “no”._

Phang JA: _No, you can’t---_

Ravi: _It is a “yes” and a “no”._

Phang JA: _\---you can’t have it both ways, Mr Ravi. Either it’s an appeal or
it’s not._

[emphasis added]

23  With respect, we found Mr Ravi’s general (and rather protracted)
reasoning, as well as (more importantly) his ultimate proposition, to be
incoherent. Either the present application constituted an appeal against Choo
J’s decision, or it did not. It could not, as he asserted, partake of the
nature of both opposing qualities at one and the same time.

24  Nevertheless, notwithstanding the fact that Mr Ravi refused to address
this issue clearly, we gave the applicants the benefit of the doubt and
considered the present application on two alternative bases – first, on the
basis that it _did_ constitute an appeal against Choo J’s decision and,
secondly, on the basis that it did _not_. We should pause to observe that this
in effect gave the applicants the best of both worlds but, in the interests of
justice, we were prepared to do so.

**_Appellate jurisdiction over the High Court motion_**

25  If, in fact, the present application constituted an appeal against Choo
J’s decision, the question that then needed to be asked was whether this court
had the jurisdiction to hear such an appeal. Before addressing this particular
question, a preliminary procedural issue had first to be resolved. This
antecedent consideration arose in the following manner. The present
application was precisely that, _ie_ , an _application_ by way of _criminal
motion_. It was thus not in the _form_ of an _appeal_ as such. However, once
again, we were prepared to give the applicants the benefit of the doubt and
overlook the fact that, _if_ the application indeed constituted an appeal
against Choo J’s decision, it was not in fact brought in the proper form. That
said, it should nevertheless be pointed out that this irregularity was far
from being an isolated oversight. Based on the earlier analysis, as well as
for the reasons which follow hereafter, the innumerable procedural and
jurisdictional defects that permeated the present proceedings reflected
nothing less than a blatant attempt on the part of the applicants to disrupt
and frustrate the orderly progress of the proceedings before the trial judge.
To allow such conduct to proceed unchecked would be, in effect, to condone
(and even encourage) what is, in substance and effect, the very _antithesis_
of justice itself.

26  However, even if this court were prepared to overlook the procedural
irregularities in the applicants’ motion, we could not overlook the problems
arising from the _substance_ of their application. If, in fact, this
application constituted an appeal against Choo J’s decision, it could only be
heard by this court if the applicants did possess a legitimate right of appeal
in the first instance. In this regard, it is trite law that there is no
_inherent_ right to appeal from judicial determinations made by our courts:
see, for example, the Straits Settlements Supreme Court decision of _Chop Sum
Thye v Rex_ [1933] MLJ 87 and the Malaysian Federal Court decision of
_Kulasingam v Public Prosecutor_ [1978] 2 MLJ 243. A right of appeal has hence
been said to be a “creature of statute” which requires legislative authority:
in addition to the analysis above (at [17]), see also, for example, the
Singapore High Court decision of _Knight Glenn Jeyasingam v PP_ [1999] 3 SLR
362 at [13] and the Malaysian Supreme Court decision of _Ting Sie Huong v
State Attorney-General_ [1985] 1 MLJ 431. According to Lord Goddard CJ in the
English decision of _R v West Kent Quarter Sessions Appeal Committee_ [1951] 2
All ER 728 at 730:

It is most elementary that no appeal from a court lies to any other court
unless there is a statutory provision which gives a right to appeal. The
decision of every court is final if it has jurisdiction, unless an appeal is
given by statute.

27 This general proposition is also embodied in s 241 of our Criminal
Procedure Code (Cap 68, 1985 Rev Ed) (“CPC”), which provides that “ _[n]o
appeal_ shall lie from a judgment, sentence or order of a criminal court
_except as provided for by this Code or by any other law for the time being in
force_ ” [emphasis added]. In the present case, there was no question that
this appeal (if that was indeed what it was) arose out of criminal
proceedings; Choo J’s decision was based on proceedings commenced by way of a
_criminal motion_. The applicants’ purported appeal before this court would
therefore only be well founded if they were able to point to an _express
statutory provision_ conferring this court with appellate _criminal_
jurisdiction over such proceedings.

28 In this regard, s 29A(2) of the SCJA, which deals with the _criminal
appellate_ jurisdiction of the Court of Appeal, is crucial. Section 29A(2)
itself reads as follows:

The criminal jurisdiction of the Court of Appeal shall consist of _appeals_
against any decision made by the High Court in the exercise of its _original
criminal jurisdiction_ , subject nevertheless to the provisions of this Act or
any other written law regulating the terms and conditions upon which such
appeals may be brought. [emphasis added]

29  The words italicised in s 29A(2) of the SCJA were crucial in the context
of the present proceedings. These words demonstrated that the applicants’
right to appeal before us depended on whether Choo J’s decision was in
exercise of the High Court’s “ _original_ criminal jurisdiction”. If, in other
words, Choo J was _not_ exercising the power of the High Court in the context
of its _original criminal jurisdiction_ , this court had neither the
jurisdiction nor the power to hear an _appeal_ against his decision, unless
any other provision of the SCJA or any other written law applied to permit an
appeal against this determination.

30  It was clear, in our view, that Choo J had _not_ , in hearing the High
Court motion, exercised his “original criminal jurisdiction”. The scope of the
High Court’s “original criminal jurisdiction” was the subject of discussion in
this court’s earlier decision in _Summit Holdings_ ([17] _supra_), where L P
Thean JA held (at [27]) that “the words ‘original criminal jurisdiction’ in s
29A(2) of the SCJA, on [their] true construction, refer to ‘ _trial
jurisdiction_ ’” [emphasis added]. This interpretation of s 29A(2) is
supported by the legislative history behind this provision: see, generally,
the Singapore Court of Appeal decision of _Mohamed Razip v PP_ [1987] SLR 142
(“ _Mohd Razip_ ”) at 143–144, [8]–[12].

31 Section 29A(2) of the SCJA originated from s 44(1) of the 1969 Supreme
Court of Judicature Act (Cap 15, 1970 Rev Ed), which came into force on 9
January 1970. Section 44(1) in its original form, provided as follows:

The Court of Criminal Appeal shall have jurisdiction to hear and determine
_any appeal by a person convicted by the High Court in the exercise of its
original criminal jurisdiction_ , subject nevertheless to the provisions of
this or any other written law regulating the terms and conditions upon which
such appeals may be brought. [emphasis added]

32 The original reference in s 44(1) to “any appeal by a person _convicted_ by
the High Court in the exercise of its original criminal jurisdiction”
[emphasis added] made it patently clear that a litigant’s right of appeal to
the Court of Appeal was limited to situations where the High Court’s decision
had been made following a completed trial. This phrase was subsequently
removed in 1973 by way of the Supreme Court of Judicature (Amendment) Act 1973
(Act 58 of 1973) (“the 1973 Amendment Act”), and was substituted by the phrase
“any appeal against any decision by the High Court in the exercise of its
original criminal jurisdiction”, which continues, in substance, to form part
of the current s 29A(2) of our SCJA.

33 The impetus behind the 1973 Amendment Act was usefully summarised by the
then Minister for Law, Mr E W Barker. The Minister observed (see _Singapore
Parliamentary Debates, Official Report_ (30 November 1973) vol 32 at col
1333):

Sir, the Bill seeks to introduce certain amendments to the Supreme Court of
Judicature Act (Chapter 15) _in order to enable the Public Prosecutor to
appeal against judgments of the High Court made in the exercise of its
original jurisdiction_.

As the law now stands, the Public Prosecutor is only empowered to refer points
of law to the Court of Criminal Appeal for the Appellate Court’s review and,
where a person has been acquitted by the High Court, only a declaratory
judgment of the Court of Criminal Appeal may be sought which will not have the
effect of reversing the order. Furthermore, there can be no appeal by the
Public Prosecutor in respect of sentence imposed.

Whereas there are these restrictions on the Public Prosecutor, _there are no
corresponding restrictions on the accused person who, upon conviction by the
High Court, is entitled as of right to take his case on appeal to the Court of
Criminal Appeal_ ; and in every case where he is dissatisfied with the sort of
punishment meted out on him by the Court, lodge an appeal against sentence.
_In order to correct this imbalance as it were, the changes contemplated by
the Bill have been introduced_.

[T]here is a need to allow the Public Prosecutor in any given case, a freer
hand than the law now allows, _so that he would be in the same position, not
less or more advantageous than counsel for the defence_ , in regard to
exercising a discretion whether to appeal against an order of the High Court
or not.

[emphasis added]

34 The Minister’s statement makes it evident that the 1973 amendments were not
intended to expand or modify the scope of the phrase “original criminal
jurisdiction” as it previously existed in the original s 44(1). They only
sought to give the Prosecution equal rights _in situations_ _where the accused
had previously been given the right to appeal but the Prosecution had been
denied such a right_. The original reference in s 44(1) to “an appeal by a
person convicted in the High Court” should therefore continue to guide and
qualify our understanding and interpretation of the phrase “original criminal
jurisdiction”. The Court of Appeal’s appellate criminal jurisdiction under s
29A(2) accordingly remains limited to judicial determinations by the High
Court that result in _a final verdict of conviction and sentence, or
acquittal_. As Wee Chong Jin CJ confirmed in _Mohd Razip_ ([30] _supra_ at
144, [12]):

It is plain from the legislative history of all these sections that the words
‘any decision made by the High Court’ in s 44(1) [the predecessor to s 29A(1)]
… were inserted to accommodate appeals by the Public Prosecutor, thereby
enlarging the jurisdiction of the Court of Criminal Appeal in that respect.
_The words were, in our opinion, not inserted as a ‘catch-all’ phrase. They
must be read in the context of the other provisions_. In s 44(2), the
appellant is the ‘person convicted’ and the appeal is against conviction, or
sentence, or both. In s 44(3), the appellant is the Public Prosecutor and the
appeal is against acquittal, or sentence. … _The only logical conclusion,
therefore, is that the jurisdiction of the Court of Criminal Appeal is to hear
appeals against orders of finality, ie, those resulting in conviction and
sentence, or acquittal_. [emphasis added]

35 According to the Singapore Court of Appeal decision of _Ang Cheng Hai v PP_
[1995] 3 SLR 201 at 205, [18], the scope of the High Court’s “trial”– and
therefore its “original criminal”– jurisdiction is set out in s 15 of the
SCJA. Sections 15(1) and 15(2) of the SCJA variously provide that the High
Court is to have jurisdiction to “try … offences” and “pass … sentence allowed
by law”. These provisions make it clear beyond all doubt that Choo J’s
decision did _not_ fall within the ambit of the High Court’s “original
criminal jurisdiction” under s 29A(2) of the SCJA. The original criminal
jurisdiction to “try” and “sentence” the applicants was, in the present case,
being exercised by the _subordinate court instead_.

36 As can be seen from the excerpts of the transcripts above, during the
hearing before us, Mr Ravi stated more than once that the High Court motion
had been filed pursuant to _s 27 of the SCJA_. Section 27 of the SCJA reads as
follows:

**General supervisory and revisionary jurisdiction of High Court**

**27.** —(1) In addition to the powers conferred on the High Court by this Act
or any other written law, the High Court shall have _general supervisory and
revisionary jurisdiction over all subordinate courts_.

(2) The High Court may in particular, but without prejudice to the generality
of subsection (1), if it appears desirable in the interests of justice, either
of its own motion or at the instance of any party or person interested, at any
stage in any matter or proceeding, whether civil or criminal, in any
subordinate court, call for the record thereof, and may remove the matter or
proceeding into the High Court or may give to the subordinate court such
directions as to the further conduct of the matter or proceeding as justice
may require.

(3) Upon the High Court calling for any record under subsection (2), all
proceedings in the subordinate court in the matter or proceeding in question
shall be stayed pending further order of the High Court.

[emphasis added]

37 As I pointed out to Mr Ravi during the hearing (see [22] above), this
particular provision relates to the general _supervisory and revisionary
jurisdiction of the High Court_ , and _not_ to its _original criminal
jurisdiction_. In other words, Mr Ravi’s _own_ reliance upon s 27 underscored
the conclusion that Choo J was _not_ exercising the original criminal
jurisdiction of the High Court as such. This factor, coupled with the other
considerations highlighted above, precluded the applicants from relying on s
29A(2) of the SCJA to found their present application before us.

**_Appeals from determinations under s 27(1) of the SCJA_**

38 However, the fact that Choo J’s decision fell outside the scope of s 29A(2)
of the SCJA was not itself conclusive evidence that the applicants had no
legitimate right to bring the present proceedings before us. As implicitly
recognised by s 241 of the CPC (see [27] above), Choo J’s dismissal of the
High Court motion was nevertheless appealable if there was some _other_
statutory provision conferring the applicants with the requisite right of
appeal.

39 In particular, Mr Ravi’s submission that the motion before Choo J had
invoked the High Court’s jurisdiction under s 27(1) of the SCJA gave rise to
two further (and closely related) questions: first, was Choo J’s decision in
the High Court motion truly an exercise of his jurisdiction under s 27(1) of
the SCJA? If so, is there any statutory provision conferring this court with
appellate jurisdiction over High Court determinations under s 27(1) of the
SCJA? We now turn to address each of these questions _seriatim_.

_The “general supervisory and revisionary jurisdiction” of the court_

40 To ascertain whether the High Court motion amounted to an exercise of
jurisdiction under s 27(1) of the SCJA, the exact nature and ambit of the High
Court’s “general supervisory and revisionary jurisdiction” under this
subsection would first have to be delineated. To the best of our knowledge,
the meaning of the phrase “general supervisory and revisionary jurisdiction”
has not been the subject of express pronouncement by any local court thus far.

41 A literal reading of s 27(1) of the SCJA suggests that the section confers
_two_ different forms of jurisdiction upon the High Court, _ie_ ,
“supervisory” and “revisionary” jurisdiction, respectively. However, this
_prima facie_ position is not entirely consistent with the erstwhile approach
adopted by our courts. A significant proportion of the jurisprudence on s
27(1) of the SCJA relates to the High Court’s powers of _revision_ : see, for
example, the Malaysian High Court decision of _Public Prosecutor v Muhari bin
Mohd Jani_ [1996] 3 MLJ 116 and the Singapore High Court decision of _PP v
Koon Seng Construction Pte Ltd_ [1996] 1 SLR 573 at 579, [20]. Little
attention has been accorded to the concurrent reference to _supervisory_
jurisdiction. References to the High Court’s powers of “supervision” and
“revision” have also, on a number of occasions, been used interchangeably:
see, for example, the Singapore High Court decision of _Chan Hiang Leng Colin
v PP_ [1994] 3 SLR 662 at 671–672, [15]. In particular, a number of
authorities have justified the scope of the High Court’s revisionary
jurisdiction using the language of “supervision”. For instance, in the
Singapore High Court decision of _PP v Shaifudin_ [2005] SGHC 66, Yong Pung
How CJ observed (at [10]) that “[t]he High Court’s revisionary powers are to
facilitate its _supervisory and superintending jurisdiction_ over criminal
proceedings before a subordinate court” [emphasis added].

42 These aspects of our case law suggest that the High Court’s “general
supervisory and revisionary jurisdiction” in fact comprises one composite
basis of jurisdiction, _ie_ , its revisionary jurisdiction. One possible
explanation for the predominance of the High Court’s revisionary jurisdiction
lies in the general emphasis that our statutory provisions have placed on this
form of jurisdiction. To begin with, ss 23 to 28 of the SCJA are grouped under
the express title of “Revision”. The inclusion of s 27 within this part of the
SCJA suggests that s 27(1) and its reference to the “general supervisory and
revisionary jurisdiction” are themselves but _facets_ of the High Court’s
powers of _revision_. This suggestion is exacerbated by the concurrent _lack_
of any part titled “Supervision” in the same Act. The emphasis on revision has
additionally been reinforced by our CPC, which makes reference solely to the
powers of revision, and not supervision.

43 However, an approach that _subjects_ the High Court’s supervisory
jurisdiction under the umbrella of a purportedly _broader_ revisionary
jurisdiction is _not_ entirely consistent with the legislative history behind
the revisionary jurisdiction. Our High Court’s present powers of revision
originated from the Straits Settlement’s Criminal Procedure Code 1900
(Ordinance 21 of 1900) (“the 1900 Code”). This Code was largely modelled on
the Indian Criminal Procedure Code. One of the provisions adopted from India
was s 312, which is materially similar to s 266 of our current CPC. Section
312 of the 1900 Code provided:

**312.**(1)—The Supreme Court may call for and examine the record of any
proceeding before any inferior Criminal Court for the purpose of satisfying
itself as to the correctness legality or propriety of any finding sentence or
order recorded or passed and as to the regularity of any proceedings of such
inferior Court.

(2)**—** Orders made under sections 104 and 105 and proceedings under Chapter
XXX are not proceedings within the meaning of this section.

44 The impetus for the adoption of this new statutory form of jurisdiction was
explained during the parliamentary debates on the 1993 amendments to the SCJA.
In the words of Prof Walter Woon (see _Singapore Parliamentary Debates,
Official Report_ (12 April 1903) vol 61 at col 108):

[T]here is [a] sort of jurisdiction that [the High Court in Singapore has]
that does not exist in England, and that is revisionary jurisdiction. A High
Court Judge can call for the record of a case heard in the courts below,
Subordinate Courts, and change the decision or correct any misimpressions.
This revisionary jurisdiction was necessary because _in the old days there
were lay magistrates who might not necessarily have proper training and this
kind of revisionary jurisdiction we actually inherited from India_. [emphasis
added]

The above view is, in fact, confirmed by the following observations in the
Objects and Reasons to the Bill of the Criminal Procedure Code in _The Straits
Settlements Government Gazette_ (4 February 1892) at p 442, where it was
stated that “[a]n important result” of the change in the then law via this
particular Bill “will be _that the Magistrates, who in this Colony, have, as a
rule, no legal training_ , will find the whole of the ordinary practice that
they have to administer in one Ordinance instead of having to look for it, as
they now have, through a number of English text-books” [emphasis added].
Indeed, the power of revision was itself contained in ch XXIX of this
particular Bill, which was described as follows (see _id_ at p 446):

This Chapter in addition to laying down the procedure to be observed with
reference to points of law reserved for the consideration of the Supreme Court
makes provision under which that Court may, where it has any reason to suspect
that irregularities have taken place or that any injustice has been done in
any inferior Court, of its own motion, send for the proceedings and examine
into them and do what justice requires thereupon.

This Bill was in fact passed as the Criminal Procedure Code 1892 (Ordinance 7
of 1892). However, it was never brought into operation (for the relevant
background, which is of no immediate relevance to the present proceedings, see
the Objects and Reasons to the Bill in _The Straits Settlements Government
Gazette_ (26 February 1900) at pp 607–608). It was further streamlined before
it was finally re-enacted (with modifications) as the 1900 Code. Nevertheless,
this in no way detracts from the more general observation as to the situation
with regard to magistrates noted above and the power of revision was not only
included in this last-mentioned piece of legislation (it, in fact, passed
muster without any comment: see _Proceedings of the Legislative Council of the
Straits Settlements, 1900, Shorthand Report_ (23 October 1900) at p B272) but
also continues right to the present day.

45 According to Prof Tan Yock Lin, this new form of statutory revisionary
jurisdiction was in fact a statutory variation of a _pre-existing_ form of
jurisdiction at common law. According to Prof Tan (see Tan Yock Lin, _Criminal
Procedure_ , vol 2 (LexisNexis, 2006) at paras 3904–4000):

The revisionary jurisdiction is an important qualification not so much to the
principle of one-tier appeal but to the very concept of an appeal. … [T]he
revisionary jurisdiction, which otherwise functions to all intents and
purposes as an appeal, is a paternal jurisdiction _._ The High Court exercises
the jurisdiction as the guardian of the criminal justice, anxious to right all
wrongs, regardless whether felt to be so by an aggrieved party.

_This jurisdiction evolved out of the supervisory jurisdiction of the High
Court_. Prior to its introduction, the control and supervision of inferior
courts in the exercise of their summary jurisdiction was by way of judicial
review. … Unlike an appeal, judicial review did not extend to a scrutiny of
the merits, nor was it concerned with the weight of the evidence and the
credibility of the witnesses. …

…

_Instead of all these complexities and intricacies, a simpler jurisdiction was
desired; hence the revisionary jurisdiction. …_

_But apparently, the legislature was not content to abolish the supervisory
jurisdiction of the High Court_. _In the judicature Acts therefore, both are
mentioned_.

[emphasis added]

46 Viewed against this historical context, the High Court’s revisionary
jurisdiction should more properly be regarded as a statutory _hybrid_ of the
pre-existing supervisory and appellate jurisdictions. On this approach, whilst
the scope and ambit of the High Court’s supervisory and revisionary
jurisdictions _overlap_ to a considerable degree, there remain sufficient
areas of difference to warrant their treatment as _distinct_ bases of
jurisdiction. According to Prof Tan in another of his works (see Tan Yock Lin,
“Appellate, Supervisory and Revisionary Jurisdiction” in ch 7 of _The
Singapore Legal System_ (Walter Woon ed) (Longman, 1989) at pp 233–234), the
supervisory and revisionary bases of jurisdiction admit of the following
differences:

(i) supervision extends to all administrative tribunals but revision is
_confined to subordinate courts_ ;

(ii) supervision depends upon party initiative in seeking relief but _revision
may occur on a judge’s initiative_ ;

(iii) supervision generally is confined to questions not touching the merits
of the case but revision will lie on _errors of law and fact_ ;

(iv) supervision is effected by way of prerogative writs but revision is
marked by _complete flexibility of remedies_.

[emphasis added]

47 Each of these differences underscores the _broader_ point that the
revisionary jurisdiction was a _creature of statute_ formulated to remedy
perceived inadequacies in the High Court’s inherent supervisory jurisdiction
over inferior courts. This pre-existing _inherent supervisory jurisdiction_ is
well recognised in the case law. According to Denning LJ (as he then was) in
the English Court of Appeal decision of _Rex v Northumberland Compensation
Appeal Tribunal_ [1952] 1 KB 338 at 346–347:

_[T]he Court of King’s Bench has an inherent jurisdiction to control all
inferior tribunals, not in an appellate capacity, but in a supervisory
capacity_. This control extends not only to seeing that the inferior tribunals
keep within their jurisdiction, but also to seeking that they observe the law.
The control is exercised by means of a power to quash any determination by the
tribunal which, on the face of it, offends against the law. … _When the King’s
Bench exercises its control over tribunals in this way, it is not usurping a
jurisdiction which does not belong to it. It is only exercising a jurisdiction
which it has always had_. [emphasis added]

48 Similarly, according to G P Selvam JC (as he then was) in the Singapore
High Court decision of _Haron bin Mundir v Singapore Amateur Athletic
Association_ [1992] 1 SLR 18 at 24–25, [18]–[19] (this particular point was
not, apparently, controverted on appeal: see _Singapore Amateur Athletic
Association v Haron bin Mundir_ [1994] 1 SLR 47, especially at 59, [57]):

The law makes a distinction between private law liability and public law
illegality. The following is a lucid statement of the distinction between the
two regimes: _An Introduction to Administrative Law_ by Peter Cane (1985) at p
40:

…

_The public law activities of public bodies are subject to scrutiny and
control by the High Court in the exercise of what is called its ‘supervisory’
jurisdiction_. Under this jurisdiction (which is ‘inherent’, that is, the
product of common law rather than statute) the High Court has power to
‘review’ the activities of public authorities and, in some cases, of private
bodies exercising functions of public importance such as licensing. To be
contrasted with the supervisory jurisdiction is the court’s appellate
jurisdiction. The common law never developed mechanisms for appeals as we
understand them today, and all appellate powers are statutory.

_The expression ‘supervisory jurisdiction’ is a term of art. It is the
inherent power of the Superior Courts to review the proceedings and decisions
of inferior courts and tribunals or other public bodies discharging public
functions_.

[emphasis added]

49 The _inherent basis_ of the High Court’s supervisory jurisdiction provides
a credible explanation why there was no need for Parliament to enact any
express legislative provision regulating the High Court’s powers of
_supervision_. As Prof Tan has pointed out (see [46] above), this
_supervisory_ jurisdiction traditionally found expression in the High Court’s
power to exercise its power of judicial review over inferior tribunals through
the issuance of the prerogative writs (reference may also be made to the
observations of Lai Kew Chai J in the Singapore High Court decision of _Re
Mohamed Saleem Ismail_ [1987] SLR 369 at 372, [7]). The distinction between
these powers of judicial review and the court’s newly-found power of
_revision_ was affirmed by Lord Phillimore in the Indian Privy Council
decision in _Annie Besant v Advocate General of Madras_ AIR 1919 Privy Council
31, where his Lordship opined thus (at 35):

The appellant based her demand partly upon the Code of Criminal Procedure and
partly upon the supposed common law power to grant a writ of _certiorari_. She
did not rely upon the power of revision given by the Code of Civil Procedure.

…

As to _certiorari_ it was contended on behalf of the respondent in the High
Court, that there is no power in the High Court to issue a writ of
_certiorari_ , or alternatively that the provisions of Section 22 forbid
recourse to this writ in cases which come under the Press Act.

…

Supposing that this power [of issuing a writ of _certiorari_] once existed,
has it been taken away by the two Codes of Procedure? _No doubt these Codes
provide for most cases a much more convenient remedy_. But their Lordships are
not disposed to think that the provisions of Section 435 of the Criminal
Procedure Code [the equivalent of our current s 266] … are exhaustive. Their
Lordships can imagine cases, though rare ones, which may not fall under …
[this section]. For such cases, _their Lordships do not think that the powers
of the High Courts, which have inherited the ordinary or extraordinary
jurisdiction of the Supreme Court to issue writs of_ certiorari _, can be said
to have been taken away_.

But assuming that the power to issue the writ remains, and that it might be
exercised notwithstanding the existence of procedure by way of revision [the
effect of] Section 22 [which purports to exclude any proceeding under the
Police Act from being called into question by any Court, absent certain
exceptional situations,] has still to be considered.

…

However that might be according to English Law, where there is no such
revision procedure as in India, their Lordships see no reason for narrowing
the express words of the Indian Act. _Certiorari_ according to the English
rule is only to be granted where no other suitable remedy exists. If the order
of the magistrate were a judicial order, it would have been made in the
exercise either of a civil or of his criminal jurisdiction, and procedure by
way of revision would have been open.

[emphasis added]

50 The attribution of powers of judicial review to the courts’ supervisory
jurisdiction does, however, come up against a number of difficulties. In
particular, a number of cases have treated the prerogative writs as being
manifestations of the High Court’s _revisionary_ , and not supervisory,
jurisdiction. In _In re Applications of Chong Fye Lee & Toong Hing Loong Tin
Mining Co Ltd_ [1965] 1 MLJ 29 (“ _Chong Fye Lee_ ”), Azmi J held (at 31):

In order to dispose of this matter I think _I must further decide whether “a
proceeding by way of revision” would include the exercise of powers in_
certiorari.

…

In my opinion section 34 [the equivalent of s 27 of our SCJA] should be read
with sections 32 and 33 [the equivalent of our ss 25 and 26].

… I would say that the proceedings referred [to] in these two sections are
proceedings by way of revision. Having regard to the provisions of sections 32
and 33, I would be inclined to think that they include proceedings in
_certiorari_ for the purpose of inquiring into the legality of the decision of
an inferior court. _For those reasons I am of the opinion that proceedings by
way of revision referred to in section 34 would include revision under_
certiorari.

[emphasis added]

51 A similar approach was adopted locally by our High Court in _Tan Hock Chuan
v Tan Tiong Hwa_ [2002] 3 SLR 145 (“ _Tan Hock Chuan_ ”), which was a case
involving a petition for criminal revision over district court proceedings
seeking personal protection orders in the context of family violence. The
respondent raised the preliminary objection that the petitioner was not
entitled to take out a petition for criminal revision, alleging that the
proceedings in the district court had not been in the nature of “criminal
proceedings”. Yong Pung How CJ agreed with the respondent, holding (at
[8]–[9]) thus:

I agreed that [the petitioner] was not entitled to take out a petition for
criminal revision. Under s 266 of the CPC, the High Court’s power of criminal
revision is clearly restricted only to examining the record of criminal
proceedings. This section was inapplicable in the present case because _the
orders made by [the district judge] arose out of civil proceedings for family
violence governed by the Women’s Charter._ …

While s 266 of the CPC and s 23 of the SCJA were inapplicable, [the
petitioner] was not left without recourse. By ss 24 and 25 of the SCJA, the
High Court also has the power to call for and examine the records of any civil
proceedings and give such orders thereon to secure substantial justice. _The
proper mode for invoking the High Court’s revisionary jurisdiction over civil
matters is to apply for judicial review under O 53 of the Rules of Court and
comply with the specific requirements in that Order_.

[emphasis added]

52 The _dicta_ in _Chong Fye Lee_ and _Tan Hock Chuan_ , if taken to their
logical conclusion, would appear to suggest that the High Court’s statutory
revisionary jurisdiction has _completely superseded_ the scope of its
erstwhile supervisory jurisdiction. However, with respect, the approaches in
these two cases failed to consider the considerable body of Indian
jurisprudence which has explained that the Indian High Court’s jurisdiction to
issue the prerogative writs is derived from a source _distinct from and
independent_ _of_ its appellate or revisionary jurisdictions. In _State of
Uttar Pradesh v Dr Vijay Anand Maharaj_ [1963] 1 SCR 1 (“ _Dr Vijay_ ”), the
Supreme Court of India considered the _type_ of jurisdiction that had been
conferred upon the Indian High Courts by way of Art 226 of the Indian
Constitution, which gave these courts the discretion to issue prerogative
writs. This Article is, in all material respects, to the same effect as s
18(2) of our SCJA read with para I of the First Schedule. According to the
Supreme Court in _Dr Viyay_ (at 14–16):

This leads us to the consideration of the question of the scope of the
proceedings under Art. 226 of the Constitution.

Article 226 confers a power on a High Court to issue the writs, orders, or
directions mentioned therein for the enforcement of any of the rights
conferred by Part III or for any other purpose. _This is neither an appellate
nor a revisional jurisdiction of the High Court_. _Though the power is not
confined to the prerogative writs issued by the English Courts, it is modelled
on the said writs mainly to enable the High Courts to keep the subordinate
tribunals within bounds_. Before the Constitution, the chartered High Court,
that is, the High Courts at Bombay, Calcutta and Madras, were issuing
prerogative writs similar to those issued by the King’s Bench Division,
subject to the same limitations imposed on the said writs. In _Venkataratnam_
v. _Secretary of State for India_ , a division Bench of the Madras High Court,
consisting of Venkatasubba Rao and Madhavan Nair, JJ., held that the
jurisdiction to issue a writ of certiorari was original jurisdiction. …

_The Calcutta High Court, in_ Budge Budge Municipality _v._ Mangru _,_ _came
to the same conclusion, namely, that the jurisdiction exercised under Art. 226
of the Constitution is original as distinguished from appellate or revisional
jurisdiction; but the High Court pointed out that the jurisdiction, though
original, is a special jurisdiction and should not be confused with ordinary
civil jurisdiction under the Letters Patent_. The Andhra High Court in
_Satyanarayanamurthi_ v. _I. T. Appellate Tribunal_ described it as an
extraordinary original jurisdiction. It is, therefore, clear from the nature
of the power conferred under Art. 226 of the Constitution and the decisions on
the subject that the High Court in exercise of its power under Art. 226 of the
Constitution exercises original jurisdiction, though the said jurisdiction
shall not be confused with the ordinary civil jurisdiction of the High Court.
_This jurisdiction, though original in character as contrasted with its
appellate and revisional jurisdictions, is exercisable throughout the
territories in relation to which it exercises jurisdiction and may, for
convenience, be described as extraordinary original jurisdiction_.

[emphasis added]

53 The _dictum_ above makes it clear that the system of revisionary
jurisdiction that Singapore inherited from India did _not_ include the power
to issue prerogative writs. Instead, to use the language of the court in _Dr
Vijay_ , this jurisdiction stemmed from the “extraordinary original
jurisdiction” of the High Court to “keep the subordinate tribunals within
bounds”. In this context, the term “extraordinary original jurisdiction” was
clearly just an alternative means of referring to the High Court’s
“supervisory” jurisdiction over inferior tribunals. That being the case, we
ultimately formed the view that the High Court’s inherent _supervisory_
jurisdiction which existed historically at common law is _still_ very much a
part of our judicial system, _and_ remains _distinct_ from the statutory
revisionary jurisdiction subsequently adopted by way of the 1900 Code
(although it has been held, in the Singapore High Court decision of _Tan Eng
Chye v The Director of Prisons (No 2)_ [2004] 4 SLR 521, that an application
for an order of (the prerogative writ) of _certiorari_ would not be granted
where the _appeal process_ was the appropriate mode of redress). It therefore
follows that the reference in s 27(1) of the SCJA to the High Court’s “general
supervisory and revisionary jurisdiction” should be treated as a _composite_
reference to _two_ _separate and distinct, albeit_ related, bases of
jurisdiction (_cf_ also the Malaysian High Court decision of _Public
Prosecutor v Muhari bin Mohd Jani_ ([41] _supra_) at 124). Whilst it may be
the case that s 27(1) will continue to be relevant _primarily_ for its
reference to the High Court’s powers of _revision_ , it would nevertheless do
well for future courts to approach the language of “supervision” and
“revision” in a more cautious manner _to avoid any unnecessary conflation or_
_equation_ of these two spheres of jurisdiction. Greater clarity in the use of
terminology will encourage further consideration and reflection on the degree
and areas of interaction between these two areas.

54 Although the historical evidence as well as arguments of principle and
logic point to the distinction drawn above between supervision on the one hand
and revision on the other, the time might well be right for the Legislature to
consider clarifying the nature and scope of both doctrines in the context of
the SCJA.

_The High Court motion: Supervision or revision?_

55 Turning now to consider whether Choo J was exercising his _revisionary_ or
_supervisory_ powers under s 27(1) of the SCJA, we again found the applicants’
conduct in this respect to be somewhat equivocal. Their filing of a _criminal
motion_ before Choo J was procedurally inconsistent _vis-à-vis_ _both_ the
High Court’s supervisory and revisionary bases of jurisdiction. To begin with,
applications for criminal revisions are generally filed by way of a
_petition_. This practice was noted with approval in the Singapore High Court
decision of _Heng Lee Handbags Co Pte Ltd v PP_ [1994] 2 SLR 760 at 766, [24],
where MPH Rubin J observed that “though the CPC itself does not prescribe the
form of application for revision, the mode employed by practitioners in
criminal law, had always been by way of petition” (see also _Cigar Affair v
PP_ [2005] 3 SLR 648 at [9]–[10]). In contrast, attempts to invoke the High
Court’s _supervisory_ jurisdiction by seeking judicial review are generally
brought by way of an application under O 53 of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R
5, 2006 Rev Ed) (“ROC”) rather than a criminal motion. Once again, the
applicants’ procedural non-compliance in this area is reflective of a _deep-
rooted confusion_ as well as a lack of _conceptual clarity_ as to what their
applications, both before the High Court as well as before us presently, were
in fact founded upon.

56 The differing procedural forms required to invoke the High Court’s
supervisory and revisionary jurisdiction are illustrated by the facts in the
Malaysian High Court decision of _Re Muhamad Ali bin Hamid_ [1999] 2 MLJ 703.
In that case, the petitioner had originally sought to invoke the court’s
powers of revision by filing a _criminal application for revision_. Midway
through the proceedings, upon realising that the court was not seised of such
powers, he then sought to “transform” his application into an attempt to
invoke the court’s _supervisory_ jurisdiction by way of judicial review
instead. According to Zaleha Zahari J (at 719–720):

Case law on this Act has shown that a magistrate’s decision under the Act for
the purpose of a rehabilitation decision is liable to be reviewed by way of
judicial review. … The superior courts have an inherent jurisdiction to review
the exercise by public bodies or officers of statutory powers impinging on
legally recognized interests as well as the additional powers conferred by s
25(2) read with the Schedule to the Courts of Judicature Act 1964 [the
equivalent of s 18(2) and the First Schedule of our SCJA]. ...

_Counsel for the applicant has now conceded that the decision of the
magistrate in question is not reviewable under [the powers of revision]. He
instead now invites this court to exercise its power of supervisory
jurisdiction pursuant to the powers conferred by s 25(2) of the Courts of
Judicature Act 1964_. In the light of my ruling, that a magistrate has no
power or jurisdiction to grant bail, the decision dated 18 March 1999 of the
magistrate is liable to be set aside by an order of certiorari to quash, or by
way of a declaratory order. Be that as it may the exercise of the power under
s 25(2) however ‘shall be exercised in accordance with any written law or
rules of court relating to the same’ of which [O] 53 of the Rules of the High
Court 1980 applies _. I am of the view that it is not appropriate for this
court to hop from its criminal jurisdiction over to its civil jurisdiction by
converting this criminal application for revision into an application for
judicial review without the need on the part of the applicant to comply with O
53 Rules of the High Court 1980_.

[emphasis added]

57 Similarly, in the present case, in so far as the applicants had chosen to
bring _criminal_ proceedings in the High Court by way of their _criminal_
motion, they could _not_ now be heard to say that these _criminal_ proceedings
were in fact in the nature of _civil_ proceedings to seek judicial review. To
permit the applicants to successfully make this argument would involve an
unacceptable degree of adventitious extrapolation. Litigants should not be
allowed the luxury of “switching” their cases between the criminal and civil
realms with complete impunity. To allow parties to successfully mount such
arguments would encourage future resort to unorthodox and objectionable
manoeuvres in the hope of circumventing onerous procedural requirements (here,
those in O 53 of the ROC).

58 For these reasons, we rejected Mr Ravi’s submission that the proceedings
before Choo J related to his _supervisory_ jurisdiction. Though the applicants
_should_ have filed a petition for criminal revision, their filing of the
_criminal motion_ itself led us to conclude that they had _effectively_ sought
to invoke the High Court’s _criminal revisionary_ jurisdiction under the
relevant provisions of the SCJA read with the CPC. It followed from this that
the present proceedings before _this court_ were, in effect, attempted
_appeals_ against decisions of the High Court made in exercise of its criminal
revisionary jurisdiction.

59 In our view, it was patently evident that this court does _not_ have the
jurisdiction and power to entertain such appeals. The _absence_ of any
_appellate_ jurisdiction over the _High Court’s revisionary_ jurisdiction is
(as we have already pointed out) clear from the express language of s 29A(2)
of the SCJA itself. This has been confirmed in the jurisprudence, which has
unequivocally rejected any right of appeal against a determination of the High
Court made in the exercise of its revisionary jurisdiction: see, example,
_Summit Holdings_ ([17] _supra_) at [20].

60 More importantly, the absence of any right to appeal _from an exercise of
the High Court’s powers of revision_ has been confirmed by the Singapore
Parliament. The parliamentary debates on the 1993 amendments to the SCJA are
evidence that the _lack_ of any reference to such a right of appeal is an
_intentional_ one. During these debates, Prof Walter Woon had in fact
suggested inserting the words “or revisionary” between the words “original”
and “jurisdiction” in s 29A(2) so as to confer this court with appellate
jurisdiction over cases involving the High Court’s revisionary jurisdiction:
_Singapore Parliamentary Debates, Official Report_ (12 April 1993) vol 61 at
cols 108 to 109. This suggestion was unequivocally rejected by the Minister of
Law, Prof S Jayakumar, in the following terms (see _Singapore Parliamentary
Debates, Official Report_ (12 April 1993) vol 61 at cols 109–111):

… I would say that these … amendments … cannot be agreed to for the following
reasons. _First of all, there is no need to provide for an appeal to the Court
of Appeal from the decision of the High Court in exercise of its revisionary
jurisdiction_. Revisionary jurisdiction of the High Court is, in practice,
normally exercised in favour of the accused, not the prosecution. This has
been the practice. In practice, the sentences are never enhanced on revision
as opposed to appeal, except where the court below was unaware of a mandatory
minimum sentence. The objective of revision is not to enhance sentences, but
to correct obvious mistakes of a court below, especially where appeals are not
available. … Therefore … this amendment is, in my view, not necessary.

…

_[T]here are many things which the courts in the development of the law are
dependent on practice and evolution of precedents and this is one of the
areas_. As Assoc. Prof. Walter Woon pointed out earlier, there is a background
to the origins of the power of revision. It dates back to the days where there
were non-professionals, non-lawyers, who were magistrates and judges. That
taken together with the other amendment which this House has approved, that
is, the Courts can look at the debates and proceedings of this House to
ascertain the intention of the legislature, I think today’s proceedings should
not leave anyone any doubt as to what the intent of this amendment is.

[emphasis added]

61 It is patent from this excerpt that the Court of Appeal does _not_ have
appellate jurisdiction over decisions made by the High Court pursuant to its
revisionary jurisdiction. In the circumstances, therefore, the present
application, _if_ it indeed constituted an _appeal_ against Choo J’s decision,
was misconceived because this court did not have the requisite appellate
jurisdiction to hear it.

**_The Court of Appeal’s supervisory and revisionary jurisdiction_**

62 Apart from suggesting that the present proceedings constituted an appeal
against Choo J’s decision, Mr Ravi also suggested before us that the present
proceedings were in the nature of being a _discrete_ application brought
_directly_ before this court. This line of argument was, unfortunately, as
ill-founded as the other arguments made before us. Most of the objections to
this argument have already been addressed when dealing with the applicants’
other arguments above. We will therefore confine ourselves to highlighting the
most fatal deficiencies in the applicants’ purported reliance on this
particular basis of jurisdiction.

63 It is clear from the SCJA that the Court of Appeal’s criminal jurisdiction
is generally of an _appellate_ nature. This is clear from s 3(_b_) of the
SCJA, which provides that “the Court of Appeal … shall exercise _appellate_
civil and criminal jurisdiction” [emphasis added]. Once again, s 29A(2) of the
SCJA (reproduced above at [28]) is the pertinent provision. An even cursory
reading of this last-mentioned provision will reveal that this court has no
jurisdiction or power under the provision to hear any proceeding _other than
an_ _appeal_ against a decision made by the High Court in the exercise of
_its_ (_viz_ , the _High Court’s_) _original jurisdiction_. This, by necessary
implication, excludes any possibility of _this court_ possessing the
jurisdiction and power to entertain applications for the _revision_ or
_supervision_ of a decision made by a _subordinate court_. Such jurisdiction
and power are, if at all, to be exercised _only_ by the _High Court_ pursuant
to s 27 of the SCJA (reproduced above at [36]). There are, in fact, _no
provisions whatsoever_ in the SCJA which confer on the _Court of Appeal_ the
power to exercise _revisionary or supervisory_ jurisdiction over the
_subordinate courts_.

64 To our minds, it was incontrovertible that we did not have the power to
issue any directions to the trial judge by way of _revisionary or supervisory_
jurisdiction over the proceedings _in the Magistrate’s Court_. Accordingly, it
is our view that if the present criminal motion indeed represented an attempt,
as Mr Ravi submitted, to invoke these non-existent forms of jurisdiction, we
found ourselves with no option but to dismiss the application _in limine_ for
a blatant want of jurisdiction.

**Abuse of the process of the court**

65 Our discussion thus far sufficed to dispose of the applicants’ motion
before us. For the various reasons considered above, the present proceedings
suffered from innumerable procedural and jurisdictional defects, _each_ of
which constituted a sufficient reason, in itself, to warrant the dismissal of
the motion. Upon further reflection, these egregious and blatant flaws which
plagued the applicants’ motion led us to form the view that the present
application was not only misconceived, but might also even be considered to be
bordering on – if not actually constituting – an abuse of the process of the
court. The applicants’ attempt to obtain a further hearing before us amounted,
at its heart, to an unmitigated and illegitimate attempt to relitigate what
had already transpired before Choo J as well as before the trial judge. The
objectionable nature of such conduct was exacerbated by the fact that the
applicants in the present proceedings would, _in any event_ , have been
afforded with the opportunity to seek redress for this perceived and alleged
injustice through _a substantive appeal_ following the conclusion of the trial
before the Subordinate Courts. The applicants’ commencement of these
proceedings before us therefore amounted to a wholly improper attempt to
ultimately secure themselves with no fewer than _three “bites”_ of the
proverbial cherry.

66 Indeed, when presented with this issue, Mr Ravi’s response was as
follows:[note: 4]

Phang JA: [B]ut Mr Ravi, do you realise that by that time you’d have had three
bites at the cherry with respect to this issue - one before Justice Choo,
another before us, and yet another on appeal? Is that right? Can that be
right?

…

> > I am asking this with all due seriousness. You would have had one bite of
> the cherry at the---before Justice Choo, another before us, and yet another
> you say perhaps if---on appeal against the Sub Court’s decision if the
> decision goes against your client. How can that be right, Mr Ravi?

Ravi: Is it my fault?

Phang JA: _How can that be fair?_

Ravi: _Sir, it’s not my fault. That is how the law is drafted, had been
drafted by Stephen’s Digest. …_

[emphasis added]

67 Counsel’s responses in the face of these questions were extremely telling.
Despite having extolled the virtues of substantive justice and the need to
ensure that our rules of criminal procedure accorded with the dictates of
fairness, he seemed completely unfazed when faced with the contrary argument
that it was _his clients_ who had, in effect, attempted to _unjustly_ secure a
_procedural_ advantage for themselves. The dexterity with which Mr Ravi
alternated between his arguments advocating substance over procedure, and this
comparably more “black-letter” law approach, indicated nothing if not the
applicants’ determination to manipulate legal principle and upset established
procedure to secure any (and every) possible advantage to themselves.

68 Indeed, in our view, the applications before Choo J and before this court
ought not to have been brought in the first instance. Issues such as that
which constituted the basis of the application in the present proceedings
ought to have been raised as part of the grounds of _appeal_ if the decision
in the substantive proceedings (here, before the subordinate court) had in
fact gone against the applicants. If issues such as the present were taken up
through _separate_ proceedings at _any_ and _every_ opportunity (or at the
whim of the party concerned or even occasionally), the conduct of a criminal
trial would be seriously impeded and delayed. Regardless of the intentions of
the party raising such issues, this would itself be a consequence which is
wholly undesirable. On a broader (but no less important) level, this also
serves as a paradigm illustration of how “ _abuse_ of process” often results
from actions taken in the ostensible name of “ _due_ process”.

69 In the recent case of _Yap Keng Ho v PP_ [2006] SGHC 201, the applicant
had, in a manner not unlike that adopted by the present applicants, filed a
criminal motion to the High Court seeking a declaration that his trial in the
Subordinate Courts was a “mistrial”. As in the present case, the application
was filed in the High Court _even before_ the trial in the Subordinate Courts
had come to a close. In our view, the remarks made by Choo J, in dismissing
the application, are of broader purport and apply equally to the present case.
According to Choo J (at [6]–[7]):

The term “justice” sometimes connotes desert, and sometimes, fairness, and,
sometimes, some vague intuitive notion of what was right in the circumstances.
In the present case, the applicant’s complaint of injustice was really
directed against the trial judge’s refusal to “abort” the trial. Trial judges
do not “abort” the trials which they are trying. If there has been any wrong
done which the judge has the power to correct, then he must do his duty
accordingly. _If any party to those proceedings is dissatisfied with the
ruling or direction that the judge so made, then the proper recourse should be
for that party to reserve his objections until an appeal is brought against
the final decision of the judge. It would be inappropriate and, in many
instances, wrong, for a party to seek recourse to a higher court before
judgment has been handed down_. This is because the judge might ultimately
agree with counsel in his submission, and rule in that party’s favour. This is
precisely the situation here. The Prosecution had not closed its case and the
judge had not ruled as to whether there was a case for the Defence to answer.
_In these inchoate circumstances, there was no basis upon which I could
determine what the nature and extent of the injustice was. Justice and its
mirror image, injustice, are often determined by the consequences or imminent
consequences of the act in question, and the interests of all parties must
also be taken into account_. Where a conflict of the respective interests
arises such that one might have to accommodate or give way to another, the
judge will have to decide which takes precedence. There was nothing imminently
fatal to the applicant’s case at the point when this motion was filed. If the
trial judge were to subsequently find that the facts were in the applicant’s
favour or discharge and acquit him, the presence of the investigating officer
in the courtroom would not have occasioned any injustice to the applicant. The
applicant’s complaint about the presence of the investigating officer was one
that a judge is routinely expected to deal with. Among other such matters
would be decisions relating to the admissibility of evidence.

The rule of law operates within the framework of the legal system and that, in
turn, is built not only around the institutions of law but also the laws. One
of the merits of the rule of law is the uniformity and predictability of the
law which is essential for people to know what it is that they can or cannot
do in that society. The procedure for trial and the rules of evidence are
among matters over which the trial judge has full control. He makes all the
rulings and decisions that arise in the course of the trial such as he thinks
will help him conduct the proceedings rightly and justly, and, ultimately, to
help him arrive at the verdict. Where a party is dissatisfied with the
verdict, he may resort, by way of the appeal process, to bringing his case
before a superior court. The High Court’s revisionary jurisdiction over a
subordinate court’s proceedings is one way through which matters that do not
normally fall within the appeal process might nevertheless be brought before
the High Court. _Where the appeal process is available, as is the case here,
the High Court’s revisionary jurisdiction should not liberally be invoked. The
filing of a criminal motion certainly cannot be used to interrupt a trial each
time a party is unhappy with any ruling that the trial judge makes in the
course of a trial. A trial judge would have to make numerous rulings in the
course of a trial; each ruling would be adverse to one if not the other party,
and sometimes to both. The trial will be constantly interrupted if every
ruling is challenged before the trial has ended. The flow and dignity of a
trial interrupted in such fashion tarnishes the image of the rule of law_.
There may, of course, be exceptions to any law; otherwise, equity would have
no role in shaping justice in areas where the law is inadequate. The question
then is: did the applicant’s case fall within any exception? He made no
reference to any exceptional circumstances. And I found nothing exceptional in
his [case] – apart from the applicant’s attempt to disrupt the trial at the
incipient stage for the reason that the investigating officer was present in
court when three witnesses were giving their evidence.

[emphasis added]

70 Of similar effect were the same judge’s observations in the related
decision of _Chee Soon Juan v PP_ [2006] SGHC 202 at [4]:

One of the most important principles of fairness in a trial is that no
judgment should be passed until the trial has been completed. We generally
conceive of this principle as applying to the trial judge’s determination of
the merits of the litigants’ cases. _The present motion before me made me
think that it is time to issue a reminder that this principle applies also to
persons sitting in judgment over the trial judge’s conduct of the proceedings.
No one ought to judge any of his rulings until the trial is over_. The proper
procedure in this case was for the applicant to take his case on appeal in
accordance with the rules and law of appeals. Unfortunately, that was not
done. [emphasis added]

71 And, in the Singapore High Court decision of _Koh Thian Huat v PP_ [2002] 3
SLR 28, Yong Pung How CJ observed thus (at [17]):

_The High Court must therefore jealously guard its revisionary jurisdiction
from being abused by frivolous and unmeritorious applications._ The
revisionary powers should never be misused as an avenue for litigants to
commence a ‘backdoor appeal’. [emphasis added]

72 These judicial _dicta_ serve as a valuable reminder to future litigants
that the avenue of criminal revision should not be liberally resorted to as a
means of securing an additional (and wholly unjustified as well as
unprincipled) “tier” of appeal against subordinate court proceedings. Our
comments in this regard are in part directed towards the increasingly
prevalent practice in recent months of filing criminal motions before the High
Court at _every available juncture_. Indeed, the present proceedings
constitute an excellent illustration of how such criminal motions have even
been filed before the _Court of Appeal_. This is _even more_ unjustified in
the light of the reasons we have set out in detail above. It is clear that, in
similar circumstances, _no_ criminal motions _or_ appeals ought henceforth to
be brought before this court. A general (but very important) word of caution
should be given: Although there could possibly have been an abuse of the
process of the court by the present applicants, we were (once again) prepared
to give them the benefit of the doubt simply because, prior to this decision,
it was not entirely clear that the applications before Choo J and (in
particular) before this court ought not to have been brought. However, there
is now _no excuse_ for _future_ litigants to adopt a course of action similar
to those adopted by the applicants in the present proceedings. Litigious
parties who are found to have commenced duplicitous proceedings may find
themselves (or, in appropriate cases, their counsel) the subject of sanctions,
not least of which may be an order of costs: see, generally, the observations
in the Malaysian High Court decision of _PP v Tanggaah_ [1972] 1 MLJ 207,
_per_ Sharma J. The court can – and must – prevent the improper use of its
process and machinery (and see the Singapore Court of Appeal decision of
_Salwant Singh s/o Amer Singh v PP (No 2)_ [2005] 1 SLR 632 at [18]). We
frankly find it quite astounding – and wholly unacceptable – that litigants
who ostensibly extol and advocate the need to uphold rights and fairness could
so blatantly indulge in conduct which _contradicts_ the very ideals they
purportedly espouse and stand for.

73 Indeed, it is trite law that the revisionary powers of the High Court
conferred by both the SCJA and the CPC are to be exercised sparingly (see, for
example, the Singapore High Court decisions of _Ang Poh Chuan v PP_ [1996] 1
SLR 326 (“ _Ang Poh Chuan_ ”) at [13]; _Knight Glenn Jeyasingam v PP_ ([26]
_supra_ at [22]); _Ngian Chin Boon v PP_ [1999] 1 SLR 119 at [7]; _Teo Hee
Heng v PP_ [2000] 3 SLR 168 at [7]; and _Mohamed Hiraz Hassim v PP_ [2005] 1
SLR 622 at [11]). In _Knight Glenn Jeyasingam v PP_ , Yong Pung How CJ
observed thus (at [22]):

The authorities demonstrate that the revisionary jurisdiction of the High
Court is not to be ordinarily invoked merely because the court below had taken
a wrong view of law or failed to appreciate the evidence on record. Even if a
different view is possible, there will be no revisionary interference where
the court below has taken a view of the evidence on record and no glaring
defect of procedure or jurisdiction has taken place …

74 We have, in fact, seen that the _original rationale_ for the revisionary
powers of the High Court was rooted in a context that is _radically different
from that which obtains at the present day_ (see generally above at [45] and
[60]), when magistrates and judges are all legally trained – and to a
generally high level of legal proficiency we would now come to expect not only
in the Singapore context but across the Commonwealth as well. Indeed, in a
similar vein, one writer has even queried whether this particular jurisdiction
has “outlived its usefulness” and whether it might “become an embarrassment”
(see Tan Yock Lin ([45] _supra_ at para 4552). The same author proceeds to
observe thus (see _id_):

The revisionary jurisdiction was intended and designed to be simpler because
not many lower court judges were legally trained. And it might also have been
thought unfair to allow injustice to be perpetrated by inferior judges. In
short, when the training and experience of inferior judges could not be taken
for granted, revision served as a cheap and assured means of interference.
When subordinate judges are as well-qualified as they are nowadays, the system
begins to look anachronistic. To some, its continuance can scarce be
justified.

75 Despite these comments, we remain acutely aware that the fate of
revisionary jurisdiction lies, in the final analysis, in the hands of the
Legislature as a matter of policy. It should, nevertheless, be noted that
although the context against which doctrines (such as revision) apply can
evolve over time, that very evolution might not, in fact, render the doctrine
concerned redundant. Indeed, revision can – and does – continue to serve a
useful purpose, especially in egregious situations where serious injustice
would otherwise result. However, that having been said, the exercise of this
jurisdiction must necessarily continue to be administered in accordance with
established principles. In this regard, a comprehensive rendition of these
principles (which should always be borne in mind and, more importantly, be
closely followed) may be found in the oft-cited Singapore High Court decision
of _Ang Poh Chuan_ ([73] _supra_), where Yong Pung How CJ observed thus (at
329–330, [13]–[20]):

The governing principle of revision was stated by Hepworth J in _Re Radha
Krishna Naidu_ [1962] MLJ 130:

[The court] should only exercise revisional powers in exceptional cases when
there has been a denial of the right of a fair trial or it is urgently
demanded in the interest of public justice [at p 131].

Though that was said in the context of an application by a party involved in a
private prosecution, it applies generally in all situations. Similar
sentiments were expressed in Indian cases. In _State of Orissa v Nakula Sahu_
AIR 1979 SC 663, Jaswant Singh J delivering the judgment of the Supreme Court
of India said:

[It] is now well settled that normally the jurisdiction of the High Court
under [the equivalent section] is to be exercised only in exceptional cases
when there is a glaring defect in the procedure or there is a manifest error
on a point of law which has consequently resulted in flagrant miscarriage of
justice. [666]

Earlier in _Akalu Ahir v Ramdeo Ram_ AIR 1973 A 2145, Dua J, delivering the
judgment of the Supreme Court, stated:

Now adverting to the power of revision conferred on a High Court by [the
equivalent sections] it is an extraordinary discretionary power vested in the
superior court to be exercised in aid of justice; in other words, to set right
grave injustice. The High Court has been invested with this power to see that
justice is done in accordance with the recognized rules of criminal
jurisprudence and that the subordinate courts do not exceed their jurisdiction
or abuse the power conferred on them by law. As a general rule, this power, in
spite of the wide language of [the equivalent sections] Cr P C, does not
contemplate interference with the conclusions of fact in the absence of
serious legal infirmity and failure of justice [at p 2147].

In _Amar Chand Agarwala v Shanti Bose_ AIR 1973 SC 799, it was noted that:

Even assuming that the High Court was exercising jurisdiction under [the
equivalent section], in our opinion, the present was not a case for
interference by the High Court. The jurisdiction of the High Court is to be
exercised normally under [the equivalent section], Criminal Procedure Code,
only in exceptional cases where there is a glaring defect in the procedure or
there is a manifest error of point of law and consequently there has been a
flagrant miscarriage of justice [at p 804].

_Thus various phrases may be used to identify the circumstances which would
attract the exercise of the revisionary jurisdiction, but they all share the
common denominator that there must be some serious injustice. Of course there
cannot be a precise definition of what would constitute such serious injustice
for that would in any event unduly circumscribe what must be a wide discretion
vested in the court, the exercise of which would depend largely on the
particular facts. But generally it must be shown that there is something
palpably wrong in the decision that strikes at its basis as an exercise of
judicial power by the court below._

The petitioner quoted a statement from the case _of Emperor v Nasrullah & Ors_
AIR 1928 A 287:

[The] object of this revisional legislation was to confer upon superior
criminal courts a kind of paternal or supervisory jurisdiction, in order to
correct miscarriage of justice, arising from misconception of law,
irregularity of procedure, neglect of proper precautions or apparent harshness
of treatment, which has resulted on the one hand in some injury to the due
maintenance of law and order, or on the other hand, in some undeserved
hardship to individuals [at p 288].

Taken as a whole, there is nothing wanting in that statement. However, it is
possible to misconstrue it as importing a requirement of something less than
serious injustice, particularly in its last reference to undeserved hardship
to individuals. A misconception of law may undoubtedly cause undeserved
hardship. Be that as it may, revision cannot without more always be invoked to
remedy that for, if it were otherwise, such jurisdiction would be little more
than another form of appeal, and that is clearly not the intention of the
statute, nor is it the conclusion that can be reached after considering all of
the cases cited. This court was aware that the statement was cited with
approval in _Heng Lee Handbags Co Pte Ltd & Anor v PP_ [1994] 2 SLR 760 by
Rubin J, but that was in the context of whether a procedural defect in the
petition would affect the jurisdiction.

Locally, the revisionary jurisdiction has been considered a number of times,
including in _Heng Lee_. But in all cases where applications for revision have
been allowed, there is little doubt that there was injustice, for example,
because a plea of guilty was taken when it should not have been or, as
recently, when a judge exceeded his powers: _PP v Nyu Tiong Lam_ [1996] 1 SLR
273. Indeed, _Heng Lee_ itself is instructive, for in that case, though it
would appear that there was irregularity in the exercise of a power by a
magistrate, the reason the application was dismissed was that no serious
injustice was caused to the petitioner.

[emphasis added]

**Conclusion**

76 In the premises, we dismissed the present application as being
misconceived.

  

* * *

[note: 1] See the transcript of the proceedings (“Transcript”) at pp 25, 28
and 42.

[note: 2] See Transcript at pp 12–15.

[note: 3] See Transcript at pp 20–25.

[note: 4] See Transcript at pp 39–40.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 24 Jan 2007 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

