Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Tan Kiam Peng v Public Prosecutor  
[2007] SGCA 38

Case Number | : | Cr App 8/2006  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 28 September 2007  
Tribunal/Court | : | Court of Appeal  
Coram | : |  Kan Ting Chiu J; Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA; Woo Bih Li J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  B Rengarajoo (B Rengarajoo & Associates) and Patrick Tan Tse Chia (Patrick Tan & Associates) for the appellant; David Khoo (Attorney-General's Chambers) for the respondent   
Parties | : |  Tan Kiam Peng — Public Prosecutor   
  
Criminal Law – Statutory offences – Misuse of Drugs Act – Illegally importing
controlled drug – Possession of diamorphine – Accused arguing that he knew he
was carrying controlled drugs but did not know drugs consisting of heroin –
Nature of knowledge required under s 18(2) Misuse of Drugs Act – Whether
necessary that accused knew precise nature of controlled drugs he was found in
possession of – Whether knowledge encompassing constructive knowledge and
wilful blindness – Section 18(2) Misuse of Drugs Act (Cap 185, 2001 Rev Ed)  
  

28 September 2007  |   
---|---  
  
Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA (delivering the grounds of decision of the court):

Introduction

1 After hearing arguments made on behalf of both the appellant as well as the
respondent, we dismissed the present appeal. We now give the detailed grounds
for our decision.

2 We should also mention, at this preliminary juncture, that the present
appeal raised important legal issues turning on the interpretation of s 18(2)
of the Misuse of Drugs Act (Cap 185, 2001 Rev Ed) (“the Act”).

The factual background

3 The appellant was charged in the High Court as follows:

That you, Tan Kiam Peng, on the 18th day of August 2005 at about 6.50pm, at
the Inspection Pit Green Channel Left Lane 03, Woodlands Checkpoint,
Singapore, did import into Singapore a controlled drug specified in Class “A”
of the First Schedule to the Misuse of Drugs Act, Chapter 185, to wit, ten
(10) packets of granular/powdery substance containing not less than 145.07
grams (nett) of diamorphine, without authorisation under the said Act or the
regulations made thereunder, and you have thereby committed an offence under
section 7 and punishable under section 33 of the Misuse of Drugs Act, Chapter
185.

4 The appellant was convicted by the trial judge (“the Judge”) and sentenced
to suffer the mandatory death penalty (see _PP v Tan Kiam Peng_ [2007] 1 SLR
522 (“GD”)). The appellant appealed against his conviction and sentence.

5 The appellant had been in dire financial straits and had been looking for
job opportunities in Kuala Lumpur since February 2005. Through a friend (“Ah
Huat”), the appellant came to know a man, known to him as “Uncle”, whom the
appellant hoped would give him a job transporting drugs such as ecstasy within
Malaysia. The appellant regularly contacted Uncle thereafter in hope of
finding work.

6 On 16 August 2005, the appellant again called Uncle to ask if there were any
jobs available. The appellant was told that “there might be something for
[him] to do”. On 17 August 2005, he then travelled to Malaysia where he met
Uncle in a hotel room in Sin Luck Hotel at about 5pm on 18 August 2005.

7 Uncle brought along a backpack which contained three big packets wrapped in
mahjong paper. When each individual package was unwrapped, it revealed smaller
plastic packets of yellowish powder. The appellant asked Uncle what those
packets were, and Uncle merely held up three fingers in response. When the
appellant told Uncle that it was “a lot”, Uncle disagreed and used his fingers
to indicate seven. These smaller packets were secured with tape onto various
parts of the appellant’s body by Uncle. Uncle then left the hotel.

8 On Uncle’s instructions, the appellant checked out of the hotel at around
6.30pm and called for a private taxi to take him to Redhill, Singapore. The
appellant was given a number to dial upon reaching Redhill to find out the
exact delivery location.

9 However, at the customs clearance point at Woodlands (“the Woodlands
checkpoint”), the car was subjected to a routine check. Police Constable Phua
Han Siang (“Constable Phua”), a Cisco Auxillary Police officer attached to the
Immigration Checkpoint Authority Supplementary Force, after noticing that the
appellant looked nervous, asked him to step out of the vehicle. Constable Phua
noticed that the appellant’s waist area appeared “bulky”. Constable Phua asked
the appellant whether there was anything on him but the appellant gave a non-
committal answer. Constable Phua patted the “bulky” part of the appellant’s
body and after confirming that there were strapped objects on the lower half
of the appellant’s body, directed him to another Cisco Auxillary Police
officer, Lance Corporal Rosta bin Haji Dahlan (“L/Cpl Rosta”) who was standing
at Lane 05.

10 The appellant was brought to a search room by L/Cpl Rosta and another Cisco
Auxillary Police officer, Lance Corporal Chin Wei Wen (“L/Cpl Chin”). They
were joined by Constable Phua who had been directing a vehicle to an
inspection pit earlier. Constable Phua, L/Cpl Rosta and L/Cpl Chin did a
thorough body search of the appellant. They found nine plastic packets,
containing a yellowish powdery substance, in the black tights worn by the
appellant under his jeans and a similar plastic packet strapped to one of the
appellant’s thighs.

11 Sergeant Guo Yi An (“Sgt Guo”), Senior Staff Sergeant Lim Lian Huat (“SSSgt
Lim”) and Senior Staff Sergeant Razano (“SSSgt Razano”) as well as two Central
Narcotics Bureau (“CNB”) officers, Staff Sergeant Anil s/o Rajendra Prasad
(“SSgt Anil”) and Woman Sergeant Jenny Woo Yoke Chun (“W/Sgt Jenny”), were
also present in the search room when Constable Phua, L/Cpl Rosta and L/Cpl
Chin did a body search of the appellant. The two CNB officers, SSgt Anil and
W/Sgt Jenny, had been instructed by one Station Inspector Ong Lu Hieow (“SI
Ong”) to proceed first to the scene.

12 In his written statement,[note: 1] Constable Phua stated at para 5 that he
had asked the appellant some questions pertaining to the said packets while
carrying out the body search. However, this conversation was not documented.
It was during cross-examination that the entire conversation that had
transpired between the appellant and Constable Phua emerged. As this
conversation was relied upon by the Judge in finding that the appellant knew
the nature of the drugs that was in his possession and is therefore extremely
important in the context of this appeal, the entire text of the relevant
extract from the cross-examination is reproduced as follows:[note: 2]

Q: Now, let me read this:

[Reads]: “I asked the accused some questions pertaining to the said packets.”

Can you tell the Court what are those questions that you asked?

A: Sir, I asked him in Hokkien.

Q: Yah, what you asked [_sic_] him?

A: “ _Jee eh sim mee lai eh_?”

Q: Can you tell us that in English?

A: I asked him in Hokkien. I told him---I asked him, “What is this?” He told
me that is number 3. **_Then I asked him again, “What number 3?” Then he still
answer_** [_sic_]**_“number 3”._**

Court: Slow down, slow down.

A: Then he still answer [_sic_] me, “number 3”. Then I asked him again, “Where
are you going to send this number 3 to?” He---he told me that [_sic_] to Bukit
Merah. Then after I asked him again, “For how much you are---for how much you
are pay [_sic_] for this delivery?” He told me that it’s S$800. Then I asked
him again, “Why do you do this kind of thing?” He told him [_sic_] that he is
going to be sued by the bank for bankruptcy and his HDB flat is going to
[_sic_] seized by the government, Sir.

[emphasis added in bold italics]

13 After the body search, the appellant was escorted by Constable Phua, L/Cpl
Rosta and L/Cpl Chin from the search room to the CNB office at the Woodlands
Checkpoint (“the CNB Woodlands office”). They were accompanied by a CNB
officer, SI Ong. At about 9.21pm at the interview room of the CNB Woodlands
office, Inspector Jack Teng Jit Sun (“Insp Teng”), an inspector with the CNB
attached to its Enforcement Division, recorded an oral statement made by the
appellant pertaining to the contents of the packets of yellowish powder found
strapped on the appellant’s body.[note: 3] The conversation between Insp Teng
and the appellant was in the Hokkien dialect and Staff Sergeant Ashari bin
Hassan (“SSgt Ashari”) was also present in the CNB office when Insp Teng
conversed with the appellant. What transpired between the appellant and Insp
Teng was also relied upon by the Judge in finding that the appellant knew the
nature of the drugs he had in his possession and is therefore extremely
pertinent to this appeal. The relevant portion of the conversation between the
appellant and Insp Teng, according to the record made by Insp Teng (marked as
Exhibit P37), was as follows:[note: 4]

Q1: What are these? (pointing to several packets of yellowish substance)

A1: I believed it is _heroin number 3_.

[emphasis added]

14 At about 1.15am on 19 August 2005, the appellant went with a group of seven
CNB officers, comprising Staff Sergeant Tan Kah Chyoon (“SSgt Tan”), Woman
Staff Sergeant Lim Sok Hoon (“W/SSgt Lim”), Sergeant Muhammad Fairus (“Sgt
Fairus”), Sergeant Mohd Hafiz bin Jumali (“Sgt Hafiz”), W/Sgt Jenny, SI Ong
and Insp Teng to the appellant’s flat at Block 155 Woodlands Street 13 #05-761
(“the unit”). Nothing incriminating was found by the CNB officers at the unit.

15 During cross-examination, it emerged that SI Ong, one of the CNB officers
who escorted the appellant to the CNB Woodlands office and who carried out the
raid at the appellant’s unit, had spoken to the appellant in the course of
investigations. However, this conversation was not recorded. In fact, it is
not apparent from SI Ong’s statement[note: 5] when he spoke to the appellant,
although it is clear that the conversation took place. As what transpired
between the appellant and SI Ong was also relied upon by the Judge in reaching
his decision in the court below, it would be useful to set out SI Ong’s
testimony, as follows:[note: 6]

Court: Did you speak to the accused?

Witness: Yes, I did.

Court: Can you recollect what was said?

Witness: Yes. I asked the accused what were those things. He told me that it
was number 3.

Court: Anything else?

Witness: I asked him how much he was paid by bringing number 3 in. He told me
that he was given $800.

Court: Anything else?

Witness: I also asked him whether he knew the driver. He replied that he did
not know the driver. I asked him how did he contact the driver. He told me
that his boss helped him to book the driver.

16 After the raid at the unit, the group of seven CNB officers brought the
appellant to Alexandra Hospital for a medical examination. The appellant and
the CNB officers left the hospital at about 2.40am and reached the CNB
Headquarters Special Investigation Team (“SIT”) office at about 3.10am where
the appellant, his personal effects and his passport were handed over to the
Investigating Officer, CNB ASP Herman Hamli (“ASP Herman”).

17 It was only then that the appellant made four other statements (“the
written statements”) to ASP Herman:

(a) on 19 August 2005 at about 4.08am at CNB/SIT office room 0310C (Exhibit
P60);[note: 7]

(b) on 20 August 2005 at about 3.05pm at CNB/SIT office room 0310C (Exhibit
P62);[note: 8]

(c) on 22 August 2005 at about 11.05am at room B0310C, Police Cantonment
Complex (Exhibit P63);[note: 9] and

(d) on 25 August 2005 at about 8.55am at room B0310C, Police Cantonment
Complex (Exhibit P64).[note: 10]

The issues

18 The issue before this court was a short and simple one and is embodied
succinctly within the appellant’s own submissions before this court, as
follows:

The crux of the Appellant’s defence was that while he knew he was importing
illegal drugs, he did not know the precise nature of the drugs he was
carrying. In other words, the Appellant did not know that the drugs had
contained heroin.

19 This necessarily brings into play a consideration of s 18(2) of the Act,
which reads as follows:

Any person who is proved or presumed to have had a controlled drug in his
possession shall, until the contrary is proved, be presumed to have known the
nature of that drug.

20 In order to succeed, the appellant had to rebut the presumption under s
18(2) of the Act (reproduced in the preceding paragraph as well as below at
[54]).

21 More specifically, in his petition of appeal, the appellant argued that the
Judge had erred in the following:

(a) Finding that the word “ _peh hoon_ ” in Hokkien means heroin or
diamorphine.

(b) Finding that the appellant knew that “number 3” or “ _peh hoon_ ” was in
fact heroin or diamorphine.

(c) Giving undue weight to an answer to a leading question that “number 3”
refers to heroin in street parlance.

(d) Attributing to the appellant the knowledge of a class of people dealing in
the “drug trade” that the reference to “number 3” points to heroin.

(e) Finding that “number 3” refers to heroin and that this is known to the
appellant.

(f) Mistaking that the Defence was challenging all the three statements
(statements made to Constable Phua, SI Ong and Insp Teng) on the presumed
basis that “they unequivocally demonstrated the appellant’s knowledge of what
he was carrying” when only one of the statements was challenged.

(g) Mistaking that the procedural issue that was raised was for the purpose of
excluding the statements made to Constable Phua and SI Ong from evidence when
it was raised to show the distinction between an oral statement that was not
reduced in writing and a statement recorded under section 121(1) of the
Criminal Procedure Code (Cap 68, 1985 Rev Ed) (“CPC”) and the weight to be
given to the statement recorded by Insp Teng which was not an oral statement
unlike the oral statements made to Constable Phua and SI Ong which were not
reduced in writing.

(h) Accepting the third statement (the statement made to Insp Teng) as an oral
statement when it was not an oral statement.

(i) Finding that the oral statements made to Constable Phua and SI Ong are
inculpatory when they are exculpatory.

(j) Not giving due weight to the oral statements made to Constable Phua and SI
Ong which are exculpatory in nature.

(k) Failing to take cognisance of the fact that it was Insp Teng who
translated the Hokkien word “ _peh hoon_ ” to mean heroin when he recorded the
appellant’s statement.

(l) Not appreciating the variance between the oral statements made to
Constable Phua and SI Ong _vis-à-vis_ the statement recorded by Insp Teng.

(m) Holding that the appellant failed to make an exculpatory statement when he
made an exculpatory statement in respect of the driver as to the “ _peh hoon_
” that was found on the appellant’s body.

(n) Holding that the appellant should have stated that he is innocent in the
long statement recorded by ASP Herman when the appellant was never asked what
“number 3” was or whether he was importing heroin.

(o) Holding that the appellant should have stated in his statements that he
was ignorant of the precise nature of the drug when in fact the appellant was
never asked what “number 3” was at all material times; the appellant had
merely narrated what Uncle told him, _ie_ , “number 3”.

(p) Finding that the appellant was virtually certain that the drug he was
carrying was heroin but had wilfully chosen to turn a blind eye.

(q) Finding that the appellant did not ask Uncle about the nature of the drug.

22 All the appellant’s arguments on appeal pertained to the Judge’s findings
of fact and his assessment of the veracity and credibility of the witnesses.
Before considering each of these grounds of appeal, it must be noted that an
appellate court customarily exercises great caution in evaluating factual
findings and will not interfere with a trial judge’s findings unless they are
plainly wrong: see, for example, the decision of this court in _Lim Ah Poh v
PP_ [1992] 1 SLR 713. An appellate court, if it wishes to reverse the trial
judge’s decision, must not merely entertain doubts whether the decision is
right but must be convinced that it is wrong: see, for example, the Singapore
High Court decision of _PP v Azman bin Abdullah_ [1998] 2 SLR 704. It should
also be pointed out that although all the aforementioned grounds set out in
the preceding paragraph will be considered, they will not be considered in the
strict order set out above as some of these grounds overlap and (more
importantly) constitute parts of an integrated whole that focuses, in the
final analysis, on the central issue set out at [18] above. We will, in fact,
be considering these grounds by reference to, as well as in the context of,
the appellant’s own arguments in this particular appeal as these arguments
embody all these grounds as well as other arguments – all of which are part of
an integrated whole which, it bears repeating, focuses on the central issue in
[18] above.

The interpretation and application of s 18(2) of the Act

**_The underlying policy of the Act_**

23 The ultimate interpretation of s 18(2) of the Act must, as far as is
possible, give effect to the underlying policy of the Act itself. The
corollary of this obvious – yet utterly fundamental – proposition is that any
interpretation that would undermine or frustrate such policy ought to be
eschewed. Hence, it would be appropriate to commence with a consideration of
the underlying policy of the Act.

24 We commence with a fundamental and self-evident proposition: In order to
give effect to the policy referred to in the preceding paragraph, the court
must not distort the relevant statutory language.

25 All the above principles are premised on the basic – and irreducible as
well as non-negotiable – proposition that the courts do _not_ act as “ _mini-
legislatures_ ”.

26 Returning to the underlying policy of the Act, an even cursory perusal of
the relevant parliamentary debates will reveal that the _public interest_ was
– and continues to be – of paramount importance. Indeed, there are few local
statutes where the legislative intention is clearer.

27 During the Second Reading of the Bill introducing what was ultimately
enacted as the Misuse of Drugs (Amendment) Act 1975 (Act 49 of 1975) (which,
most significantly, introduced the death penalty for drug trafficking for the
first time), the then Minister for Home Affairs and Education, moving the
Bill, observed thus (see _Singapore Parliamentary Debates, Official Report_
(20 November 1975) vol 34 at cols 1379–1381):

Sir, the tragedy of drug abuse has been presented in terms of the individual
drug abuser and his family. The irreparable damage caused by drug addiction to
the health and career of the drug abuser and the sorrow, anxiety and the shame
caused to the family has often been emphasised. This, therefore, need not be
elaborated upon here.

But what is not sufficiently appreciated is the threat that drug addiction
poses to national security and viability. If drug abuse were to be allowed to
grow unchecked, particularly among our youths, we would eventually be faced
with a dangerous national security problem. In no time we would find that it
had penetrated right into the vital and sensitive institutions of the State,
like the Police and the Armed Forces.

…

Rampant drug addiction among our young men and women will also strike at the
very foundations of our social fabric and undermine our economy. Once ensnared
by drug dependence they will no longer be productive digits contributing to
our economic and social progress. They will not be able to carry on with their
regular jobs. Usually for the young men, they turn to all sorts of crime, and
for the girls, to prostitution to get money to buy their badly needed supply
of drugs. Thus, as a developing country, our progress and very survival will
be seriously threatened.

Singapore, as it is situated, is in a rather vulnerable position. The “Golden
Triangle” straddling Thailand, Laos and Burma, which is the source of supply
of narcotics, is not far from Singapore. Being a busy port, an important air
communication centre and an open coastline easily accessible from neighbouring
countries, it makes detection of supplies of narcotics coming in difficult.
Further, the manufacture of morphine and heroin is not a complicated process
and can be done in as small a space as a toilet. Our Central Narcotics Bureau
has intelligence information that much of the heroin brought into Singapore
has been manufactured in illicit laboratories clandestinely established in a
neighbouring country. The Central Narcotics Bureau also reported that there
was an abortive attempt to set up an illicit heroin laboratory in Singapore
itself.

Heroin is one of the most potent and dangerous drugs. In the first half of
1974 only nine out of 1,793 drug abusers arrested consumed heroin. In the
corresponding period this year 1,007 out of 1,921 drug abusers arrested
consumed heroin. Thus the number of heroin abusers arrested increased by
almost 112 times in 12 months. This is an explosive increase by any reckoning.
Equally significant is the fact that the number of traffickers arrested for
dealing in heroin had also increased from six in the first half of 1974 to 26
in the corresponding period this year.

28 And, in the judicial context, F A Chua J, delivering the grounds of
judgment of the court in the Singapore Court of Criminal Appeal decision of
_Ng Kwok Chun v PP_ [1993] 1 SLR 55, observed (at 60, [19]) that “[i]t is
unnecessary to stress the damage that non-medical use of heroin and morphine
can inflict upon the society at large”. Further, in the court below, the Judge
observed thus (GD at [8]):

The drug trade is a major social evil. While drug peddlers may not be visibly
seen or caught taking away or damaging lives, they nonetheless inflict
alarmingly insidious problems on society that have the potential to destroy
its very fabric if left unchecked. Each successful trafficker has the
disturbing potential to inflict enormous and enduring harm over an extremely
wide circle of victims. Apart from the harm that drugs inflict on an addict’s
well-being, drug trafficking engenders and feeds a vicious cycle of crime that
inexorably ripples through the community.

29 So much by way of a summary of the underlying policy of the Act. Before
proceeding to analyse s 18(2) of the Act proper, it would be appropriate to
clarify a House of Lords decision that has been cited numerous times by
Singapore courts.

**_The significance of_ Warner v Metropolitan Police Commissioner**

30 One of the most oft-cited decisions in the context of the local case law is
the House of Lords decision of _Warner v Metropolitan Police Commissioner_
[1969] 2 AC 256 (“ _Warner_ ”). This is not surprising as the case itself
contains much _general_ discussion – specifically, on the meaning of the
concept of possession. However, we are of the view that, the particular
advantage just mentioned notwithstanding, it must also be borne in mind that
the rest of the discussion in _Warner_ is (owing to the different statutory
contexts) irrelevant and that the application of _Warner_ ought therefore to
be confined only to the point of _general_ principle (with respect to the
concept of possession).

31 Simply put, the facts in _Warner_ were as follows. The accused had two
packages in his car when he was stopped by the police. His defence was that he
believed that both packages contained scent, whereas one of the packages
contained a prohibited drug. He was charged under s 1(1) of the then UK Drugs
(Prevention of Misuse) Act 1964 (c 64) (“the 1964 UK Act”). A point of law of
general public importance was in fact stated by the Court of Appeal for
decision by the House, as follows:

Whether for the purposes of section 1 of the Drugs (Prevention of Misuse) Act
1964, a defendant is deemed to be in possession of a prohibited substance when
to his knowledge he is in physical possession of the substance but is unaware
of its true nature.

32 The material part of the s 1(1) of the 1964 UK Act itself read as follows:

[I]t shall not be lawful for a person to have in his possession a substance
for the time being specified in the Schedule to this Act unless …

33 The actual holding with regard to the issue just stated is clear: The
majority of the House in _Warner_ held that that provision created an
_absolute_ offence (in this regard, however, Lord Reid delivered a powerful,
albeit lone, dissenting judgment).

34 It should be noted, at the outset, that, unlike the provisions of the Act,
s 1(1) of the 1964 UK Act was _silent_ with respect to the issue as to whether
or not _mens rea_ was required; the word “knowingly” – and/or allied words –
did not appear in the provision itself (this was particularly emphasised by
Lord Guest in _Warner_ at 300). It should also be noted that s 1(1) of the
1964 UK Act also expressly sets out exceptions under which the persons
concerned could lawfully possess drugs – thus suggesting that all other
situations would fall within the ambit of the provision, regardless of whether
or not _mens rea_ was present (a point emphasised, for example, by Lord Pearce
and Lord Wilberforce in _Warner_ at 304–305 and 312, respectively). However,
it should also be noted that the _reasoning of the various law lords_ (even
amongst the majority) did differ. An excellent summary may in fact be found in
the UK Law Commission’s _Report on the Mental Element in Crime_ (Law Com No
89, 1978) (“Law Commission Report”) at paras 33–34, and we therefore do not
propose to examine the various judgments in _Warner_ in detail, save where
certain passages might throw light on the interpretation of the Act. However,
it should be noted that although the majority found that the offence concerned
was an absolute one, it also held that the summing-up by the trial judge to
the jury was wanting. The majority nevertheless proceeded to hold that the
evidence was so strong that no jury properly directed would have acquitted the
accused and therefore dismissed the accused’s appeal, applying the proviso to
s 4(1) of the UK Criminal Appeal Act 1907 (c 23) (as amended by s 4 of the UK
Criminal Appeal Act 1966 (c 31)).

35 One key distinction between the situation in _Warner_ and that under the
Act is that, _unlike_ the 1964 UK Act, the Act does _not_ create _absolute_
offences. It is true that the Act does lay down (_inter alia_ , in ss 18(1)
and 18(2)) presumptions that the accused must rebut on a balance of
probabilities (see below at [60]). However, the situation under the Act is
nevertheless an advance over a situation where (as in _Warner_) the statutory
offences are absolute in nature (and see _per_ Choo Han Teck J, delivering the
judgment of the court in the Singapore Court of Appeal decision of _Iwuchukwu
Amara Tochi v PP_ [2006] 2 SLR 503 at [9] (“ _Tochi_ ”) (see also at [41]
below)). It should, nevertheless, be noted that even in _Warner_ itself,
despite the holding of the majority that s 1 of the 1964 UK Act created an
absolute offence, most of the law lords in the majority did not, in _effect_ ,
go so far as to adhere to this particular holding without any qualification
whatsoever (apart from Lord Guest). Indeed, the following view expressed by
Lord Parker CJ in the English Court of Appeal decision of _Lockyer v Gibb_
[1967] 2 QB 243 (at 248) was clearly endorsed in _Warner_ itself:

In my judgment it is quite clear that a person cannot be said to be in
possession of some article which he or she does not realise is, for example,
in her handbag, in her room, or in some other place over which she has
control. That I should have thought is elementary; _if something were slipped
into your basket and you had not the vaguest notion it was there at all, you
could not possibly be said to be in possession of it._ [emphasis added]

36 Further, Lord Pearce, despite endorsing the proposition to the effect that
s 1 of the 1964 UK Act created an absolute offence, did proceed to observe
thus (_Warner_ at 305–306):

The situation with regard to _containers_ presents _further problems_. If a
man is in possession of the contents of a package, prima facie his possession
of the package leads to the strong inference that he is in possession of its
contents. _But_ can this be _rebutted_ by evidence that he was mistaken as to
its contents? _As in the case of goods that have been “planted” in his pocket
without his knowledge_ , so I do _not_ think that _he is in possession_ of
_contents which are quite different in kind from what he believed. Thus_ the
prima facie assumption is _discharged if he proves (or raises a real doubt in
the matter) either (a) that he was a servant or bailee who had no right to
open it**and**_ [emphasis in original] _no reason to suspect that its contents
were illicit or were drugs or (b) that although he was the owner he had no
knowledge of (including a genuine mistake as to) its actual contents or of
their illicit nature and that he received them innocently and also that he had
had no reasonable opportunity since receiving the package of acquainting
himself with its actual contents._ _For a man takes over a package or suitcase
at risk as to its contents being unlawful if he does not immediately examine
it (if he is entitled to do so). As soon as may be he should examine it and if
he finds the contents suspicious reject possession by either throwing them
away or by taking immediate sensible steps for their disposal._ [emphasis
added]

37 The above observation by Lord Pearce (see also, in similar vein, by the
same law lord at 307–308 and by Lord Wilberforce at 312, as well as Lord
Pearce’s views on _Warner_ itself in the subsequent House of Lords decision of
_Sweet v Parsley_ [1970] AC 132 at 157–158; though _cf_ the interpretation of
Lord Pearce’s judgment in _Warner_ by Michael Hor in “Managing _Mens Rea_ in
Singapore” (2006) 18 SAcLJ 314, especially at paras 30–43, which, however, is
(in turn) to be contrasted with the observations expressed by Rudi Fortson in
the leading UK work, _Misuse of Drugs and Drug Trafficking Offences_ (Sweet &
Maxwell, 4th Ed, 2002) (“ _Fortson_ ”) at para 3-31) was in fact referred to
by the Singapore Court of Criminal Appeal in _Chan Chi Pun v PP_ [1994] 2 SLR
61 (“ _Chan Chi Pun_ ”) (_cf_ also the decision of the Singapore Court of
Appeal in _Lim Beng Soon v PP_ [2000] 4 SLR 589). However, in applying both
what it perceived to be the “ _common law_ test” [emphasis added] under
_Warner_ and the position pursuant to s 18(2) of the Act, the court in _Chan
Chi Pun_ perhaps went, with respect, a little too far. As we shall elaborate
in more detail below, the first port of call in the local context must surely
be the actual language of the relevant provisions of the Act itself. Indeed,
in a decision of this court in _Cheng Heng Lee v PP_ [1999] 1 SLR 504 at [46]
(“ _Cheng Heng Lee_ ”), the same observation appeared (in contrast) to be
utilised in the context of rebutting the presumption under s 18(2) of the Act
(_cf_ also another decision of this court in _Chou Kooi Pang v PP_ [1998] 3
SLR 593 at [18]–[20] as well as the Singapore High Court decision of _PP v Lee
Ngin Kiat_ [1993] 2 SLR 181 at [13]–[16] (affirmed in _Lee Ngin Kiat v PP_
[1993] 2 SLR 511 (“ _Lee Ngin Kiat_ ”), but without, apparently, any
discussion of this particular issue, simply because counsel for the accused
had conceded that the drugs concerned were in the latter’s possession)).

38 Whilst still on the key distinction between the Act and the 1964 UK Act, it
would be pertinent to note that at least two of the law lords in _Warner_
recognised that there might be a need for the _enactment_ of a _statutory_
provision in the UK context _along the lines of s 18(2) of the Act_. For
example, Lord Reid observed as follows (_Warner_ ([30] _supra_) at 279–280):

So it would be quite sufficient to prove facts from which it could properly be
inferred that the accused knew that he had a prohibited drug in his
possession. That would not lead to an unreasonable result. In a case like this
_Parliament_ , if consulted, might think it right to transfer the onus of
proof so that an accused would have to prove that he neither knew nor had any
reason to suspect that he had a prohibited drug in his possession. [emphasis
added]

39 And in the same case, Lord Pearce observed thus (at 302–303):

Thirdly, Parliament may have intended what was described as a “half-way house”
in the full and able argument by counsel on both sides. Each acknowledged its
possibility and certain obvious advantages, but neither felt able to give it
any very solid support. By this method the mere physical possession of drugs
would be enough to throw on a defendant the onus of establishing his
innocence, and unless he did so (on a balance of probabilities) he would be
convicted. … Unfortunately I do not find the half-way house reconcilable with
the speech of Viscount Sankey L.C. in _Woolmington’s_ case [1935] A.C. 462,
481. Reluctantly, therefore, I am compelled to the decision that it is not
maintainable. Ultimately the burden of proof is always on the prosecution
_unless it has been shifted by any statutory provision_. [emphasis added]

40 More importantly, the same law lord observed, later in his judgment, as
follows (at 307):

It would, I think, be _an improvement_ of a difficult position _if Parliament
were to enact that when a person has ownership or physical possession of drugs
he shall be guilty unless he proves on a balance of probabilities that he was
unaware of their nature or had reasonable excuse for their possession_.
[emphasis added]

41 It is important to pause at this juncture and note that what was suggested
by Lord Reid as well as Lord Pearce above is, in substance, already embodied
within s 18(2) of the Act itself (interestingly, too, the UK position is
presently governed by s 28 of the Misuse of Drugs Act 1971 (c 38) (“the 1971
UK Act”), as a result of the invitation of Lord Pearce (see at [40] above):
_per_ Lord Bonomy in the Scottish decision of _Salmon v HM Advocate_ [1999]
SLT 169 at 186, who also observed that “[i]n s 28 Parliament set out defences
echoing, to a considerable extent, the views of their Lordships in _Warner_
about the circumstances which led, or should lead, to an acquittal on a charge
of unlawful possession and reflecting the views of Lord Pearce about the
action which Parliament should take to clarify the law”; see also the English
Court of Appeal decision of _R v James McNamara_ (1988) 87 Cr App R 246 at 251
(“ _McNamara_ ”)). Indeed, Lord Pearce’s observation (see at [40] above) was
referred to by Choo J in _Tochi_ ([35] _supra_), thus confirming the point
just made. However, any suggestion that the origin of s 18(2) can be traced to
this suggestion in _Warner_ is, with respect, misconceived since (as we shall
see below at [64]–[69]), s 18 had its statutory analogues much _earlier_ in
the _local_ context – stretching as far back as 1927.

42 Returning to Lord Reid’s observations quoted above (at [38]), the learned
law lord proceeded (contrary to the decision of the remaining (majority)
judges) to hold that the offence prescribed under the 1964 UK Act was not an
absolute one so that, in any event, the accused would be afforded an
opportunity to show that he neither knew nor had any reasons to suspect that
he had a prohibited drug in his possession.

43 Another key point is this: Lord Reid, who (as we have noted) delivered a
powerful dissent, nevertheless proceeded to _endorse_ , first, the doctrine of
_wilful blindness_ , which we shall consider in more detail below (at
[106]–[132]). Suffice it to state at this relatively preliminary juncture that
wilful blindness is considered, in law, to be the equivalent of _actual_
knowledge.

44 More importantly, perhaps, _even Lord Reid_ was of the view that it was
unnecessary for the prosecution to prove that the accused knew that he had the
_precise_ drugs concerned in his possession (indeed, this was _not_ ,
apparently, what the _accused_ himself had argued for in _Warner_ : see, for
example, at 290 and 300, _per_ Lord Morris of Borth-y-Gest and Lord Guest,
respectively). As the learned law lord observed (_Warner_ ([30] _supra_) at
279):

Further it would be _pedantic_ to hold that it must be shown that the accused
knew _precisely_ which drug he had in his _possession_. _Ignorance of the law
is no defence and in fact virtually everyone knows that there are prohibited
drugs. So it would be quite sufficient to prove facts from which it could
properly be inferred that the accused knew that he had a prohibited drug in
his possession_. [emphasis added]

The observation embodied in the above quotation is, in fact, of _general_
import. And it is an important one, to which we shall return later in this
judgment (at [86]–[87]).

45 In a similar vein, Lord Morris observed thus (_Warner_ at 286):

I think that the notion of having something in one’s possession involves a
mental element. It involves in the first place that you know that you have
something in your possession. It does _not_ , however, involve that you _know
precisely_ what it is that you have got. [emphasis added]

Again, the learned law lord later observed thus (at 289):

The question resolves itself into one as to the nature and extent of the
mental element which is involved in “possession” as that word is used in the
section now being considered. In my view, in order to establish possession the
prosecution must prove that an accused was knowingly in control of something
in circumstances which showed that he was assenting to being in control of it:
they need _not_ prove that in fact he had actual knowledge of _the nature of
that which he had_. [emphasis added]

Later on in his judgment, Lord Morris also stated (at 295) that:

[B]efore the prosecution can succeed they must prove that a person knowingly
had in his possession something which in fact was a prohibited substance. In
my view, the prosecution discharged that onus in this case. Was it, however,
for the prosecution to prove that the appellant _knew the nature and quality_
of that which he had? In my view, it was _not_. [emphasis added]

46 And Lord Wilberforce had occasion to observe thus (at 310–311):

[I]n addition to physical control, he has, or ought to have imputed to him the
intention to possess, or knowledge that he does possess, what is in fact a
prohibited substance. If he has this intention or knowledge, it is _not
additionally necessary that he should know the nature of the substance._
[emphasis added]

The same law lord, referring to the decision of _Lockyer v Gibb_ ([35]
_supra_), later proceeded to state as follows (at 311):

One can only hold this decision to be wrong if the view is taken that to
constitute possession under this legislation knowledge not merely of the
presence of the thing is required but _also knowledge of its attributes or
qualities. But_ (except perhaps under the old law of larceny) _no definition
or theory of possession requires so much, nor does the language or scheme of
the Act postulate that such a degree of knowledge should exist._ I think the
line was drawn here at the right point. [emphasis added]

47 Likewise, Lord Pearce also observed as follows (at 304):

But when a man knows that he physically has an article in his possession, how
far does a mistake as to its essential attributes nullify the apparent
possession? It would be, for instance, quite unreal (and particularly in such
a context as one is here considering) to say that a man who bought and kept a
so-called authentic Rembrandt for years, never had it in his possession
because he later found by X-ray examination that it was a skilful fake. _When
one draws a distinction between a thing and its qualities, one gets involved
in philosophic intricacies which are not very appropriate to a blunt Act of
Parliament intended to curb the drug traffic._ [emphasis added]

48 Perhaps more importantly, Lord Pearce proceeded, later on in his judgment,
to observe thus (at 305):

One may, therefore, exclude from the “possession” intended by the Act the
physical control of articles which have been “planted” on him without his
knowledge. [see also at [35] above] _But how much further is one to go?**If
one goes to the extreme length of requiring the prosecution to prove that
“possession” implies a full knowledge of the name and nature of the drug
concerned, the efficacy of the Act is seriously impaired, since many drug
pedlars may in truth be unaware of this. I think that the term “possession” is
satisfied by a knowledge only of the existence of the thing itself and not its
qualities, and that ignorance or mistake as to its qualities is not an
excuse**_**.** This would comply with the general understanding of the word
“possess”. Though I reasonably believe the tablets which I possess to be
aspirin, yet if they turn out to be heroin I am in possession of heroin
tablets. This would be so I think even if I believed them to be sweets. It
would be otherwise if I believed them to be something of a wholly different
nature. _At this point a question of degree arises as to when a difference in
qualities amounts to a difference in kind. That is a matter for a jury_ who
would probably decide it sensibly in favour of the genuinely innocent but
against the guilty. [emphasis in italics and additional emphasis in bold
italics added]

49 Indeed, the words in bold italics in the above quotation were applied by
this court in _Tan Ah Tee v PP_ [1978-1979] SLR 211 (“ _Tan Ah Tee_ ” ) (see
also the Singapore High Court decision of _PP v Tan Siew Lam_ [2000] SGHC 161
at [15]). And, in the Singapore High Court decision of _Shan Kai Weng v PP_
[2004] 1 SLR 57, Yong Pung How CJ observed thus (at [24]):

The position under our law, therefore, is that possession is proven once the
accused knows of the existence of the thing itself. _Ignorance or mistake as
to its qualities is no excuse._ The appellant knew that the tablet was in his
car. He believed it to be a sleeping pill, which, like the aspirin of the
hypothetical in _Warner_ and _Tan Ah Tee_ , is a drug. As such, his ignorance
as to the qualities of the tablet did not provide him a defence to the charge
of possession, and his contention that he did not understand the nature of his
plea could not stand. [emphasis added]

50 However, we are of the view that that part of Lord Pearce’s observations
quoted at [48] above – to the effect that if the accused reasonably believed
the tablets he or she possessed to be aspirin but that if the tablets
concerned turned out to be heroin, the accused would still be assumed to be in
possession of heroin tablets even if he or she believed them to be sweets –
goes a little too far (see also GD, especially at [33]), and can be explained
on the basis that the learned law lord was of the view that s 1 of the 1964 UK
Act created an _absolute_ offence. Nevertheless, to the extent that they
relate to the _general_ principle to the effect that it is _unnecessary_ for
the accused to know the _precise nature_ of the drug concerned, Lord Pearce’s
observations are both relevant and helpful. Further, as the learned law lord
himself proceeded to point out, the accused would not be in possession of a
thing if he or she believed it “to be something of a wholly different nature”
and that “[a]t this point a question of degree arises as to whether a
difference in qualities amounts to a difference in kind”, which was itself “a
matter for a jury” (see above at [48]). Indeed, this last-mentioned
observation emphasises the very factual nature of the entire inquiry. It is
also important to note that even _Lord Reid_ (who was of the (minority) view
that s 1 of the 1964 Act did _not_ create an _absolute_ offence) expressed _a
similar view_ with respect to the general principle just mentioned (see at
[44] above). In the circumstances, therefore, it might, with respect, have
been preferable, in fact, for this court in _Tan Ah Tee_ to have cited _Lord
Reid’s_ view instead.

51 This particular aspect of _Warner_ is, as alluded to in the preceding
paragraph and as we shall see (at [87] below), one of _general_ applicability,
as it deals with _the concept of possession_. However, as already pointed out
above, the central thrust of _Warner_ is _quite different_ from the situation
embodied within the Act (and ss 18(1) and 18(2) thereof in particular). Hence,
_apart from_ _this_ particular aspect of _Warner_ (which we endorse below (at
[86]–[87])), we are of the view that _Warner_ should play little or no part in
the Singapore jurisprudence in this particular area of the law.

52 _Warner_ was, in fact, given much prominence in _Tan Ah Tee_ ([49]
_supra_). There has also been a very long line of local cases that have
continued to cite both _Tan Ah Tee_ as well as _Warner_. Indeed, in this
court’s decision in _Fun Seong Cheng v PP_ [1997] 3 SLR 523 (“ _Fun Seong
Cheng_ ”), it was observed (at [55]) that “[a] long line of cases have since
followed _Tan Ah Tee_ [[49] _supra_] and _Warner v Metropolitan Police
Commissioner_ [[30] _supra_]”. This is no exaggeration and it would serve no
purpose to list out the numerous cases in this particular regard. Indeed,
there was even one instance where _Warner_ was applied, with the court holding
that no reliance need be placed on s 18(1) of the Act (see the Singapore Court
of Criminal Appeal decision of _Low Kok Wai v PP_ [1994] 1 SLR 676), although
this particular decision can be explained on the basis that it was clear, on
the facts, that the accused not only had the only key to the car in which the
drugs were found but also knew that the said drugs were in the car. Looked at
in this light, it was clear that there was no need to rely on the presumption
in s 18(1) of the Act as such.

53 What is important in the context of the Act in general and this appeal in
particular is the fact that _Tan Ah Tee_ _only_ endorsed that part of Lord
Pearce’s judgment in _Warner_ which dealt with the _general concept_ of
_possession._ It is important to emphasise, once again, that the same approach
is, in fact, also to be found in the judgment of Lord Reid in the same
decision. Indeed, because the learned law lord differed from Lord Pearce with
regard to the interpretation to be accorded to s 1 of the 1964 UK Act, it is
clear beyond peradventure that he was indeed dealing with the _general
concept_ of _possession_ (see also at [44] and, especially, [50] above)). It
is also important to note that the different statutory regimes embodied,
respectively, in both _Warner_ and the Act (as noted above) do _not_ therefore
impact in any way on the views expressed on this _general concept_.

**_Introduction to s 18(2) of the Act_**

54 As already mentioned, the principal focus in the present appeal is on s
18(2) of the Act. However, s 18(2) must be read together with s 18(1) to the
extent that if the accused successfully rebuts the presumption under s 18(1),
the presumption under s 18(2) will not arise (see the Singapore Court of
Appeal decision of _Lim Lye Huat Benny v PP_ [1996] 1 SLR 253 (“ _Lim Lye Huat
Benny_ ”) at 261, [19]). This follows, in fact, from the language as well as
logic of ss 18(1) and 18(2) themselves. It will therefore be useful to set out
both provisions, which read as follows:

**Presumption of possession and knowledge of controlled drugs**

18.—(1) Any person who is proved to have had in his possession or custody or
under his control —

(a) anything containing a controlled drug;

(b) the keys of anything containing a controlled drug;

(c) the keys of any place or premises or any part thereof in which a
controlled drug is found; or

(d) a document of title relating to a controlled drug or any other document
intended for the delivery of a controlled drug,

shall, until the contrary is proved, be presumed to have had that drug in his
possession.

(2) Any person who is proved or presumed to have had a controlled drug in his
possession shall, until the contrary is proved, be presumed to have known the
nature of that drug.

It should, however, also be clarified that if the prosecution _actually
proves_ that the accused is, in fact, _in possession_ of a controlled drug,
then the presumption under s 18 _(2)_ of the Act would _still operate_
(_unless_ , of course, it is proved that the accused has _actual knowledge_ of
the nature of the drug, in which case there would be _no need to invoke_ the
_presumption_ under s 18(2)). In such a situation (_viz_ , one where the
prosecution actually proves that the accused is, in fact, in possession of a
controlled drug), there is simply _no need to invoke_ the presumption under s
18 _(1)_ of the Act in the first instance. This is, in fact, the situation in
the present appeal.

55 This is therefore clearly _not_ a situation where _mens rea_ has been
dispensed with by Parliament (the general principles governing such a
situation are set out succinctly by the Judicial Committee of the Privy
Council in _Lim Chin Aik v The Queen_ [1963] AC 160 and _Gammon (Hong Kong)
Ltd v Attorney-General of Hong Kong_ [1985] AC 1, both cases of which were
applied in the Singapore High Court decision of _PP v Phua Keng Tong_ [1986]
SLR 168, and the latter case of which was applied in the (also) Singapore High
Court decision of _PP v Teo Kwang Kiang_ [1992] 1 SLR 9). However, because of
the policy underlying the Act as well as the practical difficulty (in the
nature of things) for the prosecution to prove possession and knowledge on the
part of the accused, the presumptions in ss 18(1) and 18(2) have been
introduced to mitigate this particular difficulty and ensure not only that the
policy underlying the Act is not frustrated but also that it is fulfilled.

56 At this juncture, we should note that the charge against the appellant in
the present case involves the offence of _importing_ a controlled drug under s
7 of the Act. Section 7 itself reads as follows:

**Import and export of controlled drugs**

7\. Except as authorised by this Act, it shall be an offence for a person to
import into or export from Singapore a controlled drug.

57 And, in s 2(1) of the Interpretation Act (Cap 1, 2002 Rev Ed), “export” and
“import” are, “unless there is something in the subject or context
inconsistent with such construction or unless it is therein otherwise
expressly provided”, assigned the following respective meanings:

“export”, with its grammatical variations and cognate expressions, means to
take or cause to be taken out of Singapore by land, sea or air;

…

“import”, with its grammatical variations and cognate expressions, means to
bring or cause to be brought into Singapore by land, sea or air;

58 The sole task of this (indeed, every) court is to give effect to the plain
meaning of the statutory language before it in a manner that is not only
consistent with the underlying policy of the Act but which (wherever possible)
fulfils it (see also at [23] above).

59 However, as we have already pointed out (at [24]–[25] above), the court
cannot re-write the statutory language in order to achieve these objectives.
The task before the court, simply put, is to interpret the statutory language
in the _context_ of the statute as a whole, bearing in mind the purposive
approach toward statutory interpretation which is now embodied in s 9A of the
Interpretation Act, which reads as follows:

**9A.** —(1) In the interpretation of a provision of a written law, an
interpretation that would promote the purpose or object underlying the written
law (whether that purpose or object is expressly stated in the written law or
not) shall be preferred to an interpretation that would not promote that
purpose or object.

**…**

60 As an important general (and preliminary) point, it is important to note
that the local courts have been astute to ensure that the presumptions under s
18 of the Act are triggered only if the conditions therein have been strictly
proved. However, once the conditions in ss 18(1) and 18(2) have been
satisfied, the accused bears the burden of rebutting the presumptions therein
on a balance of probabilities (see, for example, the Singapore Court of Appeal
decisions of _Wong Kee Chin v PP_ [1978-1979] SLR 114 at 122, [33]; _Tan Ah
Tee_ ([49] _supra_); _PP v Virat Kaewnern_ [1993] 2 SLR 9; _Van Damme Johannes
v PP_ [1994] 1 SLR 246 at 249, [9] (“ _Van Damme Johannes_ ”); _Fok Chia Siong
v PP_ [1999] SGCA 5 at [49]; _Wong Soon Lee v PP_ [1999] SGCA 42 at [32] (“
_Wong Soon Lee_ ”); _Anand Naidu a/l Raman v PP_ [2000] SGCA 67 at [23]; and
_Tochi_ ([35] _supra_); the Singapore Court of Criminal Appeal decision of
_Tan Boon Tat v PP_ [1992] 2 SLR 1 (“ _Tan Boon Tat_ ”) at 14, [55]; as well
as the Singapore High Court decision of _PP v Yeoh Aik Wei_ [2002] SGHC 225 at
[31] (affirmed in _Yeoh Aik Wei v PP_ [2003] SGCA 4) and GD at [18] and [20]).
And whether or not the presumption has been rebutted is “entirely a question
of fact” (_per_ Rajendran J, delivering the grounds of judgment of the court
in _Tan Boon Tat_ , _supra_ at 14, [55]). In this regard, the appellate court
would pay great deference to the trial court in so far as the assessment of
the _credibility_ of the accused is concerned (see _id_ as well as the (also)
Court of Appeal decision of _Abdul Ra’uf bin Abdul Rahman v PP_ [2000] 1 SLR
683 at [29] (“ _Abdul Ra’uf_ ”) and the Singapore Court of Criminal Appeal
decision of _Loh Kim Cheng v PP_ [1998] 2 SLR 315 at [21]; see also above at
[22]).

61 Turning to a consideration of ss 18(1) and 18(2) proper, it is clear, in
our view, that the former deals with the concept of possession (often, but not
invariably, physical in nature: see _Van Damme Johannes_ ([60] _supra_) at
249, [8]) whilst the latter deals with the _knowledge_ of the nature of the
thing possessed. The former is also a pre-requisite before the latter can be
considered. Put simply, if no possession on the part of the accused is proved
in the first instance, it is futile – indeed, illogical – to consider whether
there is knowledge of the nature of the thing possessed (see, for example, the
Singapore High Court decision of _PP v Wong Wai Hung_ [1993] 1 SLR 927, where
the second accused was therefore acquitted). This interpretation is supported
not only by the language of ss 18(1) and 18(2) but also by the heading of s 18
itself, which reads as follows: “Presumption of possession _and_ knowledge of
controlled drugs” [emphasis added] (see also above at [54]; and on the utility
of headings and marginal notes generally, see the recent decision of this
court in _Tee Soon Kay v Attorney-General_ [2007] 3 SLR 133 at [37]–[41]).
Further, in _Fun Seong Cheng_ , Karthigesu JA, who delivered the grounds of
judgment of the court, observed ([52] _supra_ at [54]):

Physical control is not enough for the purpose of proving possession. There
needs to be mens rea on the part of the accused.

62 Even more to the point are the following observations by Yong Pung How CJ
in _Van Damme Johannes_ ([60] _supra_ at 249, [9]):

[C]ounsel for the appellant submitted that a person cannot be in possession of
something if he did not know or have knowledge of its contents. This argument
clearly involves a misreading of s 18. _‘Possession’ and ‘knowledge’ are
distinct and dealt with separately under s 18(1) and s 18(2) respectively._
The initial onus was on the prosecution to prove possession of anything
containing a controlled drug (in this case, the suitcase), after which the
appellant was presumed (i) to have the drug in his possession and (ii) to know
the nature of the controlled drug. The onus was then on the appellant to rebut
the two presumptions on a balance of probabilities and this argument should
rightly have been dealt with under the second ground of appeal to which we now
turn. [emphasis added]

63 We note, however, that there was no need to invoke the presumption in s
18(1) of the Act in the present appeal. That is why the focus was on s 18(2)
instead. There was no need to invoke s 18(1) simply because the appellant
himself _admitted_ that he _had physical possession_ of the controlled drugs
in question (see also at [54] above). Indeed, they were strapped to various
parts of his body as briefly described in an earlier part of this judgment. In
any event, s 18(1) of the Act was not intended to cover such clear-cut
situations as that which existed in the present appeal. Looking closely at the
provision itself, it is clear that the presumption as to physical possession
will only be triggered where the accused “is proved to have had in his
possession or custody or under his control” “ _anything containing_ a
controlled drug” _or_ “ _the key of anything containing_ a controlled drug”
_or_ “ _the keys of any place or premises or any part thereof_ in which a
controlled drug is found” _or_ “ _a document of title_ relating to a
controlled drug _or any other document intended for the delivery of_ a
controlled drug” [emphasis added]. Where, as in the present appeal, the
accused has the controlled drugs _strapped directly_ on his body, he _cannot_
claim ignorance that the controlled drugs were in his physical possession.
However, in the various situations set out in s 18(1) of the Act, it is indeed
possible for the accused to make such a claim, which is an altogether easy as
well as convenient one to make and for which the presumption exists as a
counterpoint in order to ensure that the policy of the Act is not undermined
by such convenient excuses inasmuch as the accused would have the burden of
proof of rebutting the presumption on a balance of probabilities (see [60]
above). That presumptions such as those contained in s 18(1) of the Act are
clearly justified in principle is a point that is discussed in more detail
below (at [75]).

64 It is interesting, at this juncture, to note that the presumptions in s
18(1) and 18(2) of the Act are not novel. Indeed, a similar set of
presumptions (also in relation to an offence centring on possession of
controlled drugs) can be found as far back as 1927 – in s 17 of the Straits
Settlements Deleterious Drugs Ordinance 1927 (SS Ord No 7 of 1927) (“the 1927
Ordinance”). Similar offences were to be found in earlier Ordinances (see, for
example, s 5(3) of the Straits Settlements Deleterious Drugs Ordinance 1907
(SS Ord No 14 of 1907) and s 16 of the (also) Straits Settlements Deleterious
Drugs Ordinance 1910 (SS Ord No 27 of 1910)), but none contained any
presumptions prior to the 1927 Ordinance. Section 17 of the 1927 Ordinance
itself read as follows (including the marginal notes):

Offences |  17.-(1) Any person, other than a person acting under the relating to directions of a medical practitioner or veterinary surgeon, who  
---|---  
|

> (a) is found in possession of; or  
  
|

> (b) is proved to have had possession of  
  
|  any deleterious drug shall be guilty of an offence, unless he is or was at
the time of such possession authorised in that behalf by a licence under this
Ordinance.  
Presumptions |  (2) Any person who is proved to have had in his possession or under his control any thing whatsoever containing any deleterious drug shall, until the contrary is proved, be deemed to have been in possession of such drug, and shall, until the contrary is proved, be deemed to have known the nature of such drug.  
|  (3) Any person who is proved to have had in his possession or under his
control or subject to his order any document of title relating to any thing
whatsoever containing any deleterious drug shall, until the contrary is
proved, be deemed to have been in possession of such drug, and shall, until
the contrary is proved, be deemed to have known the nature of such drug.  
  
[emphasis added]

65 Although the layout of s 17(2) and (3) of the 1927 Ordinance differs from
that contained in ss 18(1) and 18(2) of the Act (reproduced at [54] above),
the overall substance (and, certainly, spirit) of both appear to be _the
same_. There does not appear to be much by way of legislative background in so
far as s 17 of the 1927 Ordinance is concerned. The material parts of the
_Objects and Reasons_ to the Bill read as follows (see _The Straits
Settlements Government Gazette_ _1927_ (11 February 1927) at p 288):

The object of this Bill is to amend the law relating to deleterious drugs so
as to embody in it such of the provisions of the International Opium
Convention signed at Geneva on the 19th February, 1925, as are applicable to
the Colony. The principal amendments are the following :-

…

4\. A person who has in his possession any thing containing a deleterious
drug, or any document of title relating to any thing containing a deleterious
drug, is presumed to know that nature of such drug. (clause 17).

[emphasis added]

66 Indeed, the proposed clause 17 referred to in the preceding paragraph was
clearly new, as evidenced by the following observation by the then Attorney-
General during the First Reading of the Deleterious Drugs Bill (see
_Proceedings of the Legislative Council of the Straits Settlements, 1927,
Shorthand Report_ (Monday, 7 February 1927) at p B11):

In clause 17, (2) and (3) are _two new presumptions_ : any person who has in
his possession or under his control any thing containing a deleterious drug or
a document of title relating to any thing containing a deleterious drug shall
be deemed to be in possession of the drug and to know its nature. [emphasis
added]

67 Significantly, this particular clause was in fact subsequently passed
without amendment (see the Second Reading of the Deleterious Drugs Bill at
_Proceedings of the Legislative Council of the Straits Settlements, 1927,
Shorthand Report_ (Monday, 21 March 1927) at p B44).

68 The above presumptions were, in fact, later consolidated under a separate
section in the Singapore Dangerous Drugs Ordinance 1951 (Ordinance No 7 of
1951) – in particular, s 37(d) and (e), which read as follows (the marginal
note of which simply states, “Presumptions”):

**37.** In all proceedings under this Ordinance or any regulation made
thereunder—

…

_(d) any person who is found to have had in his custody or under his control
any dangerous drug shall, until the contrary is proved, be deemed to have been
in possession of such drug and shall, until the contrary is proved, be deemed
to have known the nature of such drug;_

_(e) any person who is found to have had in his possession or under his
control or subject to his order any document of title relating to any
dangerous drug shall, until the contrary is proved, be deemed to have known
the nature of such drug;_

…

[emphasis added]

69 The important point to reiterate is that ss 18(1) and 18(2) of the Act are
therefore by no means novel, having had antecedents going as far back as 1927.
More importantly, as a consequence, the “popular” view to the effect that the
presumptions in ss 18(1) and 18(2) of the Act were motivated by the decision
in _Warner_ (([30] _supra_); see also GD at [15]) is, with respect,
misconceived. All these legislative antecedents, to re-emphasise an important
point, _antedated_ the decision in _Warner_. This is _not_ to state that the
_general_ principles as well as approaches in _Warner_ are _necessarily_
irrelevant. However, it is imperative to emphasise that the first – and
foremost – guidance must come from the actual language of the Act itself (and,
in particular, in the context of the present proceedings, s 18(2)).

70 In this regard, in the Singapore Privy Council decision of _Ong Ah Chuan v
PP_ [1980-1981] SLR 48 (which was also referred to in the GD at [17]), Lord
Diplock, who delivered the judgment of the Board, observed thus (at 62):

In a crime of specific intent where the difference between it and some lesser
offence is the particular purpose with which an act, in itself unlawful, was
done, in their Lordships’ view it borders on the fanciful to suggest that a
law offends against some fundamental rule of natural justice because it
provides that upon the prosecution’s proving that certain acts consistent with
that purpose and in themselves unlawful were done by the accused, the court
shall infer that they were in fact done for that purpose unless there is
evidence adduced which on the balance of probabilities suffices to displace
the inference. _The purpose with which he did an act is peculiarly within the
knowledge of the accused. There is nothing unfair in requiring him to satisfy
the court that he did the acts for some less heinous purpose if such be the
fact. Presumptions of this kind are a common feature of modern legislation
concerning the possession and use of things that present danger to society
like addictive drugs, explosives, arms and ammunition_. [emphasis added]

71 Lest it be thought that this is a uniquely Singaporean approach, the _same_
view was also acknowledged (albeit in the context of the then UK drugs
legislation) by none other than one of the most accomplished and famous common
law scholars of the twentieth century – Prof A L Goodhart. In his influential
article, “Possession of Drugs and Absolute Liability” (1968) 84 LQR 382, Prof
Goodhart examined the holdings and implications of _Warner_ ([30] _supra_).
Indeed, he described _Warner_ as “probably the most interesting case in many
years that has been decided on the subject of possession” (see _ibid_ at 383).
More importantly, the learned author referred to the rationale underlying the
approach adopted by the majority in _Warner_ (_ibid_ at 386):

[I]t is essential to note that if the physical possession of an unauthorised
drug does not create absolute liability, then an addict or a drug pedlar may
be able to persuade a jury that there was a possibility that the tablets had
got into his possession by accident, or had been planted on him, or that he
had been told by his supplier that they were an innocent remedy. _The
inevitable result would be that the enforcement of the law would become far
more difficult_. It must be remembered that vast sums of money are involved in
the drug trade. It costs very little to manufacture these drugs, but the
expense of getting them distributed is very large because the distributors,
both the large and the small ones, are not willing to face the chance of
imprisonment unless the profits they make are commensurate with the risk. _The
traffickers will, therefore, take every possible step to protect their agents
against a possible conviction._ Is it unreasonable in these circumstances to
suggest that [the UK] Parliament did intend to provide that the physical
possession of unauthorised drugs, which it is comparatively easy to prove, is
absolute proof of guilt, even at the faint risk that the possessor was morally
innocent, especially as evidence concerning this moral innocence could be
given when the question of sentence was under consideration? Moreover, in how
many instances is it likely that drugs will be planted on an innocent man?
[emphasis added]

72 We have, of course, seen (at [35] above) that, _unlike_ the 1964 UK Act, ss
18(1) and 18(2) do _not_ , in fact, adopt an _absolute_ approach. However, the
policy factors enunciated by Prof Goodhart in the above quotation are no less
relevant to the Singapore context – or the context of any other country for
that matter in so far as this particular sphere of the law is concerned.

73 Prof Goodhart also commented on the suggestion for legislative reform by
Lord Pearce (above at [40]) that would result in the statutory equivalent of
ss 18(1) and 18(2) of the Act and, in particular, on one possible objection to
it, as follows ([71] _supra_ at 389):

The first objection, which is a _minor_ one, is that the suggested provision
seems to be in conflict with the golden rule as stated in the _Woolmington_
case [[1935] AC 462] that “throughout the web of the English criminal law one
golden thread is always to be seen, that it is the duty of the prosecution to
prove the prisoner’s guilt.” _The answer to this objection is that no rule is
so golden that there cannot be an exception to it if justice requires it_.
After all, the function of the _Woolmington_ rule is to protect an accused
person, so that an exception to it, which may benefit him, has much to be said
in its favour. [emphasis added]

[Significantly, the last sentence is a reference to the mitigation of the
absolute approach under the 1964 UK Act, which is, however, not present in ss
18(1) and 18(2) of the Act.]

74 It is also noteworthy that the UK Law Commission itself has considered the
arguments both for as well as against having statutory presumptions in the
context of the mental element in crime: see the Law Commission Report ([34]
_supra_ ,especially at paras 79–85).

75 There has, however, been some dissatisfaction expressed with regard to the
presumptions contained in the Act in general and (in the context of the
present proceedings) ss 18(1) and 18(2) thereof in particular (see, for
example, Michael Hor, “Misuse of Drugs and Aberrations in the Criminal Law”
(2001) 13 SAcLJ 54). The general thrust of such dissatisfaction is that the
concept of _mens rea_ has been undermined. In a _practical_ context, it is
true that the accused bears the burden of rebutting applicable presumptions
under the Act. However, that is not only what the relevant provisions of the
Act require. The Act is also undergirded by twin policies that are
inextricably connected with each other – ensuring that the general policy of
the Act is not undermined as well as simultaneously ensuring that (unlike the
UK legislation at issue in _Warner_ ([30] _supra_)) the concept of _mens rea_
is still retained. The Act is structured in such a manner as to ensure that
truly innocent persons are (in so far as the issue of possession is concerned)
able to rebut the initial presumption (in s 18(1)) without any difficulties.
However, this structure also ensures that accused who are truly guilty under
the relevant provisions of the Act are not given _carte blanche_ to deny
possession by mere assertion, without more, hence undermining the general
policy of the Act itself. As we shall elaborate in the conclusion to this
judgment, the inimical effects that would result from a frustration of the
general policy of the Act generate not only social ills and tragedy but also
simultaneously violate the individual rights of those who are adversely and
directly impacted by the availability (and, hence purchase as well as
consumption) of controlled drugs on the open market (including, in many
instances, innocent members of their respective families as well). These very
important aspects have generally been downplayed by critics of the Act who, at
best, mention them in passing without more – only to revert to the alleged
contravention of the rights of the accused against whom (in their view) no
presumptions should operate against. However, these critics never directly
address the issue as to what the _reality_ would be if no presumptions were in
operation – a reality that even Prof Goodhart acknowledged in the UK context
(see at [71] above). In any event, the courts must observe these
considerations of policy enacted by the Legislature by applying the law
objectively to the facts at hand. That having been said, we are of the view
that these considerations of policy are not only valid and practical but also
(as we have already mentioned) protect the precious _individual rights_ of
_others_ in society. A purely theoretical discourse which tends to abstract
itself from the realities and adopts a one-sided approach (which, _at bottom_
, favours _only_ the accused) tends to not only implode by its very
abstraction but also ignores the fact that, in an imperfect and complex world,
there is necessarily a whole compendium of rights, all of which must be
balanced. Looked at in this light, any theoretical discourse which tends to
favour only one conclusion whilst ignoring other approaches as well as
considerations and (worse still) other wider consequences, gives, with
respect, a distorted view (see also Chan Sek Keong, “The Criminal Process –
The Singapore Model” (1996) 17 Sing L Rev 433, especially at 494–498).
However, such discourse is nevertheless important as well as helpful in
reminding us that _we must also never forget the rights of the accused and_
that, _where the context and facts warrant it, the presumptions should be
rebutted accordingly_. However, to argue that the presumptions should be
jettisoned altogether just because they might (potentially) operate against an
accused not only ignores the reality of things but also throws out the baby
together with the bathwater. To put it simply, _all lives and rights_ are
precious. To this end, the Legislature has put in place a structure that
_balances_ the rights of accused persons on the one hand and the rights of
persons in the wider society on the other.

**_The issue_**

76 Indeed, this appears to be, to the best of our knowledge, one of the very
rare occasions when it has been sought to argue, in the context of s 18(2) of
the Act and in the most specific of fashions, that although the accused did in
fact know that he was in possession of a controlled drug, he did not know that
he was in possession of the _specific_ drug in question. A similar argument
was made in the Singapore Court of Appeal decision of _Wong Soon Lee_ ([60]
_supra_). In that case, the accused stated that he did not know that the drugs
he was carrying were heroin and that he had believed that they were less
serious drugs for which he, if convicted, would at the most have to pay a fine
only. The trial judge found, on the facts, that the accused _actually knew_
that he was in possession of heroin. The Court of Appeal affirmed the trial
judge’s decision, but appeared to rely upon the doctrine of wilful blindness
instead. Yong Pung How CJ, who delivered the grounds of judgment of the court,
observed thus (at [45]):

Having considered all the arguments canvassed, we were unable to accept the
appellant’s contention that the trial judge erred in coming to the decision he
came to. _First, the circumstances in which the appellant received the drugs
were so suspect that any reasonable man would have gone one step further and
ascertained for himself the precise nature of the drugs. This the appellant
had failed to do. The only reason why he failed to do so was because he either
knew the precise nature of the drugs or he did not care to know. If the
appellant chose to turn a blind eye and merely relied on the assurance given
by Ah Kee, he would not be able to rebut the statutory presumption of
knowledge_. [emphasis added]

It is also worthy to note that, in _Wong Soon Lee_ , the Court of Appeal
emphasised the trial judge’s findings of fact, especially with regard to the
accused’s credibility. This is of course an obvious point but is, more often
than not, of special importance owing to the very factual nature of an
accused’s attempts to rebut the presumptions under the Act and, on occasion,
may even be crucial (see, for example, the Singapore Court of Appeal decisions
of _Lau Boon Huat v PP_ [1997] 3 SLR 273 and _PP v Ko Mun Cheung_ [1990] SLR
323 (affirmed in _Ko Mun Cheung v PP_ [1992] 2 SLR 87 (“ _Ko Mun Cheung_ ”)).
While we do not exclude the possibility that there could well be a case where
an accused does not have knowledge of the nature of the drugs, we note the
observations made by Yong Pung How CJ in _Wong Soon Lee_ where he said thus
([60] _supra_ at [48]):

_The difficulty which the court faces in such situations is that the defence
of lack of knowledge of the precise nature of the drugs is all too often
raised by drug couriers._ It is very hard for the court to believe, as in this
case, that the appellant had no knowledge that the drugs were heroin on the
following grounds. He had agreed to deliver something which he knew were
illegal drugs to someone in Singapore, he did not know the identity of the
recipient, he received these drugs in a dark alley and he was promised
RM$1,000.00 in return for his trouble. [emphasis added]

77 The above observations, with respect, generate some ambiguity. On one
reading, the court appears to be suggesting that the argument that knowledge
of the precise nature of the drugs is necessary is one that is to be frowned
upon as it will be raised by accused persons both often as well as
indiscriminately. However, on another reading, the court did refer to the
accused’s knowledge of the precise drug in the case itself (_viz_ , heroin).
Nevertheless this reference is not conclusive simply because, as noted above,
the decision of the court in this case turned on the fact that the accused had
actual knowledge that the drug was heroin in any event. Of some ambiguity,
too, with respect to this particular issue is the decision of this court in
_Lim Lye Huat Benny_ ([54] _supra_). We note, however, that neither party to
this appeal canvassed this ambiguity. However, because this ambiguity raises a
_threshold_ _interpretive issue_ , we pause to deal with it before dealing
with the further issue as to the type of knowledge required under s 18(2) of
the Act as well as whether or not the appellant has, in the circumstances,
rebutted the presumption embodied within s 18(2) itself.

78 Returning to the threshold interpretive issue that arises from a reading of
s 18(2) of the Act itself, there are, in our view, at least _two_ possible
interpretations open to the court.

**_Two possible interpretations_**

_(a) Introduction_

79 As already mentioned, there are _two_ possible interpretations.

80 The _first_ possible interpretation is that the reference to knowledge in s
18(2) of the Act is to knowledge that the drug concerned is a _controlled
drug_.

81 The _second_ is the interpretation contended for by the appellant in the
present proceedings and referred to at the outset of the present part of this
judgment: That the reference to knowledge in s 18(2) of the Act is to
knowledge that the drug concerned is _not only_ a controlled drug _but also_
the _specific drug_ which it turns out the accused was in possession of. It
should be noted that, in the court below, this particular interpretation was
assumed to be the correct one, and the Judge certainly proceeded to render his
decision on this basis (see GD, especially at [36]). With respect, however,
the situation (as we shall see) is not as clear-cut as the Judge assumed it to
be.

82 It would be appropriate to consider the arguments both for as well as
against each of these interpretations.

_(b) The first interpretation_

83 There are a number of arguments in favour of the first interpretation –
that knowledge in s 18(2) of the Act is only a reference to knowledge that the
drug concerned is a controlled drug.

84 However, looking, first, at the literal language of s 18(2) itself
(reproduced above at [19] and [54]), it appears, at first blush, that the
second alternative must prevail. After all, the reference in that provision is
to knowledge of “the nature of that drug”.

85 Let us, however, now turn to the _case law_ which, as we shall see,
supports the first interpretation – especially when viewed in _the context of
the underlying policy of the Act itself_.

86 In this court’s decision in _Fun Seong Cheng_ ([52] _supra_), the following
passage from Lord Pearce’s judgment in _Warner_ ([30] _supra_ at 305) was
cited (at [54]):

One may, therefore, exclude from the ‘possession’ intended by the Act the
physical control of articles which have been ‘planted’ on him without his
knowledge. _But how much further is one to go?_ _If one goes to the extreme
length of requiring the prosecution to prove that ‘possession’ implies a full
knowledge of the name and nature of the drug concerned, the efficacy of the
Act is seriously impaired, since many drug pedlars may in truth be unaware of
this. I think that the term ‘possession’ is satisfied by a knowledge only of
the existence of the thing itself and not its qualities_ … [emphasis added]

87 The above observations by Lord Pearce, cited and adopted by this court in
_Fun Seong Cheng_ , clearly _exclude_ the need by the prosecution to prove
that the accused knew of the _precise nature_ of the drug; the prosecution
need only prove that the accused knew that the drug is (in the Singapore
context) a controlled drug. This would, in fact, be an appropriate juncture to
emphasise that this basic approach was not only embodied within the quotation
above but generally within _Warner_ itself – a point which emerges from our
analysis of _Warner_ above (at [44]–[48] and [50]). Indeed, the court in _Fun
Seong Cheng_ proceeded to point out ([52] _supra_ at [55]) that _this_
particular meaning of possession (enunciated by, _inter alia_ , Lord Pearce in
_Warner_) had in fact been adopted by this court as well in the earlier
decision of _Tan Ah Tee_ ([49] _supra_ ; see also the decision of this court
in _Gulam bin Notan Mohd Shariff Jamalddin v PP_ [1999] 2 SLR 181 at [66]).
_Tan Ah Tee_ is, in fact, a seminal decision where the court cited, in
addition to the observations quoted above, _in extenso_ from the judgment of
Lord Pearce in _Warner_. As we have already emphasised (above at [50]–[52]),
to the extent that the court in _Warner_ was dealing with the _general
concept_ of _possession_ , then _that_ approach (_adopted_ , as we have just
seen, in _Tan Ah Tee_ as well as other Singapore decisions) clearly supports
the view that s 18(2) does _not_ refer to the _specific_ drug in question but,
rather, simply to controlled drugs generally. Indeed, Lord Pearce’s views in
_Warner_ (quoted above at [48]) find a similar expression in Lord Guest’s
observations in the same case, as follows (([30] _supra_) at 301):

If the correct interpretation of section 1 [of the 1964 UK Act] is that the
prosecution are required to prove knowledge by the accused of the existence of
the substance this will be, in my view, _a drug pedlar’s charter in which a
successful prosecution will be well-nigh impossible in the case of the
trafficker who conceals the drugs and on questioning remains silent or at any
rate refuses to disclose the origin of the drug. … If, therefore, this is not
an absolute offence the prosecution will, in my view, require to establish
knowledge by the accused not only of possession of the actual substance but
also knowledge of the nature of the substance, namely, that it is a prohibited
drug under the Act. This would, in my view, lead to wide-scale evasion of the
Act._ [emphasis added]

Interestingly and perhaps even significantly, this particular approach towards
the concept of possession has apparently been _retained in the UK context_ ,
despite the presence of a quite different statutory regime to that which
existed at the time _Warner_ was decided: see, for example, the English Court
of Appeal decisions of _McNamara_ ([41] _supra_) at 251–252; _R v Gareth
Edmund Lewis_ (1988) 87 Cr App R 270 at 276 and _John A Leeson v R_ [1999]
EWCA Crim 2176 (“ _Leeson_ ”); as well as the House of Lords decisions of _R v
Boyesen_ [1982] AC 768 at 773–774 and _R v Lambert_ [2001] 3 WLR 206,
especially at [16], [56]–[59], [61]–[71], [120]–[123] and [126] (_cf_ also s
28(3)(_a_) of the 1971 UK Act itself as well as _Fortson_ ([37] _supra_ ,
especially at paras 3-67–3-76) and Robert Ribeiro & John Perry, “Possession
and Section 28 of the Misuse of Drugs Act 1971” [1979] Crim LR 90, especially
at 100–101).

88 To summarise the _general_ point at issue here, adoption of the first
interpretation is consistent with the general policy underlying the Act. In
contrast, adoption of the second interpretation will tend to _undermine_ the
general policy of the Act. Take, for example, the facts of this very appeal.
Put simply, was it the intention of the Legislature that it is sufficient if
the prosecution proves that the accused knew that he was in possession of a
controlled drug or must it go further and prove that the accused knew that it
was a _specific_ type of controlled drug (in this case, heroin)? The fact that
s 18(2) of the Act is required demonstrates how difficult it is for the
prosecution to prove knowledge on the part of the accused for, indeed, it is
all too easy for an accused to simply assert that he or she did not know that
what he or she was carrying contained a controlled drug, let alone a specific
controlled drug. One approach that Parliament could have adopted to obviate
this problem was to have simply made all offences under the Act _absolute_
ones which did not require proof of _mens rea_. This was, according to the
majority of the House in _Warner_ , precisely what the _UK_ Parliament did in
so far as the 1964 UK Act was concerned. As we have already pointed out, the
_Singapore_ Parliament did _not_ adopt such an _extreme_ approach. However, to
now interpret s 18(2) of the Act as requiring knowledge on the part of the
accused of the _specific_ type of controlled drug in question is, _in
substance and effect_ , to swing to the _other extreme_.

89 Indeed, looking closely at the various _offences_ under the Act itself, it
will be seen that _all_ of them only refer to the offence concerned in
relation to _a controlled drug_. It is of course true that, depending on the
specific type of controlled drug concerned, the _punishment_ (under the
_Second_ _Schedule_ of the Act) would differ – and drastically at that.
However, the fact that the substantive offences themselves do not make any
reference to specific drugs but, rather, to controlled drugs generally
supports the first interpretation (_cf_ also _Leeson_ ([87] _supra_),
interpreting s 5(3) of the 1971 UK Act). Indeed, the strongest evidence in
support of the first interpretation can be found in the general scheme of the
Act itself. First, as just stated, the substantive offences under the Act do
not make any reference to any specific drugs but only to “controlled drugs”,
with a “controlled drug” defined under s 2 of the Act to mean “any substance
or product which is for the time being specified in Parts I, II or III of the
First Schedule or anything that contains any such substance or product”.
Second, the punishments for offences under the Act are referred to in s 33 and
the Second Schedule. To ascertain the punishment for the offence committed by
the accused, one looks under the first column. Then one looks across the
schedule for the specific offence or type and quantity of the drug involved
under the second column. The punishment for the offence committed by the
accused depends in large part on whether the controlled drug has been
classified as a Class A drug, Class B drug, Class C drug, or is an offence for
which the punishment will vary depending on the quantity of the controlled
drug with which the accused was charged. The fact that the punishment
concerned would differ according to the specific type of controlled drug
concerned is a logically separate issue. Indeed, it has not been argued that
an offence concerning a drug which carries the death penalty (which
punishment, incidentally, was introduced _after_ s 18(2) had been enacted in
the original Act) should be treated more leniently than the _same_ offence
concerning a drug which carries a less severe criminal penalty. This is
plainly correct, lest inequality of treatment ensue as a result of such an
approach. Is it _then_ correct to argue that because there may be harsher
punishments meted out under law depending on the type of controlled drug in
question, an approach should be adopted towards s 18(2) of the Act which would
tend to undermine the general policy of the Act itself? As we point out below
(at [91]), however, the possibility of harsher punishments may, albeit in
_another_ sense, nevertheless be a relevant consideration and supports the
second interpretation – to which our attention must now turn.

_(c) The second interpretation_

90 As already mentioned above, the key argument in favour of the second
interpretation (that the reference to knowledge in s 18(2) of the Act is to
knowledge that the drug concerned is _not only_ a controlled drug _but is
also_ the _specific drug_ which it turns out the accused was in possession of)
is the _literal wording_ of s 18(2) itself. However, as we have also seen, the
literal wording of this provision is also (at least arguably) consistent with
a _contrary_ interpretation (see generally above at [83]–[89]). More
importantly, we have also referred to the fact that the second interpretation
would tend to _undermine_ the general policy of the Act itself.

91 In summary, it would appear that there are fewer arguments that support the
second interpretation. The fact that an accused charged under the Act might
receive very harsh punishments is, _in and of itself_ , not conclusive.
However, it does not thereby follow that this particular fact is wholly
irrelevant. What _is_ of _direct_ relevance for the purposes of the present
issue is this: That where the possible punishments are harsh and may even
result in the imposition of the death penalty, the fact that an _ambiguity in
the statutory language_ exists (thus giving rise to these two possible
interpretations) does tend to suggest that the benefit of the doubt ought to
be given to the accused in the light of the fact that adoption of the first
interpretation would tend, on balance, to work against him or her (_cf_ also
GD at [37]). Indeed, the present appeal is precisely one such instance. In
this regard, it is important to note that the very strict approach in _Warner_
, albeit general in nature, was adopted in the context of punishments that
were less harsh than those under the Act, and which certainly did not include
the death penalty. In our view, this particular argument appears to be the
strongest in so far as support for the second interpretation is concerned.
Indeed, it might even be argued that there is no ambiguity in the statutory
language and that the literal language is, instead and in addition to the
argument just mentioned, the strongest argument in favour of the second
interpretation. We also pause to observe that there has been, to the best of
our knowledge, no local decision that has in fact adopted the first
interpretation.

_(d) Conclusion_

92 Unfortunately, no detailed argument with respect to which of these two
interpretations was to be preferred was proffered by counsel before this
court.

93 In the circumstances, we cannot – and ought not to – express a definitive
conclusion. This being the case, and in fairness to the appellant, our
analysis and decision will proceed on the footing that the second
interpretation applies (which interpretation in fact constituted the nub of
his argument before this court).

94 Indeed, it is important to note that had we accepted the first
interpretation as being the conclusive one to adopt, that would, in the nature
of things, have concluded the present appeal. It will be recalled that the
appellant knew that he was in possession of a controlled drug, although he had
argued that he did not know that it was the _precise or specific_ controlled
drug which he was _in fact_ carrying, _viz_ , heroin. Hence, since the first
interpretation entails that the reference to knowledge in s 18(2) of the Act
is to knowledge that the drug concerned is a _controlled drug only_ , _and_
the appellant in the present proceedings had _actual knowledge_ that he was in
possession of a _controlled drug_ , his appeal would necessarily have failed
if the first interpretation was adopted.

95 However, given the specific language of s 18(2) of the Act, the need (given
the extreme penalties prescribed by the Act) to resolve any ambiguities in
interpretation (if they exist) in favour of the accused, as well as the fact
that no case has (to the best of our knowledge) adopted the first
interpretation, it would appear, in our view, that (whilst not expressing a
conclusive view in the absence of detailed argument) the second interpretation
appears to be the more persuasive one and (as pointed out at [93] above) will
in fact be adopted in the present appeal. It is, nevertheless, important to
note that it would be necessary to consider the further question as to
whether, on the second interpretation, the appellant in the present
proceedings had knowledge that what he was in possession of was _heroin_. This
raises, in turn, a further issue, which would apply _equally_ to the _first_
interpretation – what is _the nature of the knowledge required_ under s 18(2).
We turn now to consider this particular issue. However, before proceeding to
do so, it should be noted that if it is actually proven, on the facts of this
particular case, that the appellant had _actual_ knowledge that the drugs he
was carrying were _not only_ controlled drugs within the meaning of the Act
_but also_ that they contained _heroin_ , then the presumption under s 18(2)
of the Act _need not even be invoked in the first instance_.

**_The issue of knowledge_**

_(a) The issue stated_

96 The answer to the question posed in the preceding paragraph turns on the
interpretation of the meaning of the word “known” in s 18(2) of the Act. In
other words, is the accused required to prove, on a balance of probabilities
(see generally above at [60]), that he or she did _not_ have _actual_
knowledge of the nature of the drug concerned, _or_ is the accused required to
go _further_ and prove (once again, on a balance of probabilities) that he or
she did _not_ have _constructive_ knowledge of the nature of the drug
concerned?

97 The _latter_ requirement (_viz_ , that of _constructive_ knowledge) is
_more onerous_ in so far as the accused is concerned simply because the
accused would have to prove that he or she not only did _not_ have _actual_
knowledge of the nature of the drug concerned _but also_ that he or she _ought
not, as a reasonable person, to have known_ of the nature of the drug
concerned. The Judge did _not_ accept such a requirement. However, by way of a
preliminary observation, we would point out that the concept of constructive
knowledge ought to be clearly distinguished from the doctrine of _wilful
blindness_ , which is the _legal equivalent_ of _actual_ knowledge (_cf_ also
_per_ Willes J in the English Court of Criminal Appeal decision of _R v
William Sleep_ (1861) CLC 472 at 480). Indeed, as we point out below, the
Judge himself _accepts_ that wilful blindness constitutes (in the eyes of the
law) _actual_ knowledge as well.

98 The Judge did not, strictly speaking, need to deal with the issue set out
in the preceding paragraph as he had (as already noted above) found that the
appellant _possessed actual_ knowledge of the drug he was transporting or was
at least _wilfully blind_ to the fact that he was transporting the said drug
(which wilful blindness was _tantamount_ to _actual_ knowledge) (see, for
example, GD at [55] and [65]). In the circumstances, therefore, there was no
need to even invoke the presumption in s 18(2) of the Act in the first
instance. To put it simply, the appellant would not even be needed to rebut
the presumption that he had actual knowledge of the nature of the drug
because, on the _evidence_ , it was clear that he _had actual_ knowledge of
the nature of the drug.

99 The Judge nevertheless proceeded to consider the interpretation of s 18(2)
in more _general_ terms. Strictly speaking, the Judge’s observations in this
regard are _obiter dicta_. However, they are no less important or significant
from a legal as well as a practical perspective because of this.

100 Unfortunately, although counsel for the appellant, Mr Rengarajoo, appeared
(not surprisingly, perhaps) to support the Judge’s (albeit _obiter_) approach,
counsel for the respondent, Mr David Khoo, stated that the prosecution was not
taking a definite position on this particular issue in the present appeal.
However, because the issue is an extremely fundamental one which the Judge
took pains to analyse as well as expound upon, it would be remiss of us if we
did not consider it. We would point out, at this juncture, however, that what
is often perceived to be constructive (as opposed to actual) knowledge might
(as we shall see at [132] below) be _actual_ knowledge that _arises from the
application of the doctrine of wilful blindness –_ a doctrine which the Judge
himself accepts as constituting actual knowledge. Bearing this important
observation in mind, we turn now to an analysis of s 18(2) of the Act in
general and the knowledge required under it in particular.

_(b) Analysis_

101 The Judge, in commencing his analysis of the issue of knowledge in the
context of s 18(2) of the Act, began by considering the famous (or infamous,
depending on the perspective one takes) observations on the five levels of
knowledge enunciated by Peter Gibson J (as he then was) in the English High
Court decision of _Baden, Delvaux and Lecuit v Société Generale pour Favoriser
le Développement du Commerce et l’Industrie en France SA_ [1983] BCLC 325 (“
_Baden_ ”), as follows (at [250]):

What types of knowledge are relevant for the purposes of constructive
trusteeship? Counsel for the plaintiff (Mr Price) submits that knowledge can
comprise any one of _five different mental states_ which he described as
follows: (i)  _actual knowledge_ ; (ii)  _wilfully shutting one’s eyes to the
obvious_ ; (iii)  _wilfully and recklessly failing to make such inquiries as
an honest and reasonable man would make_ ; (iv) knowledge of circumstances
which would indicate the facts to an honest and reasonable man; (v) knowledge
of circumstances which would put an honest and reasonable man on inquiry. More
accurately, apart from actual knowledge they are formulations of the
circumstances which may lead the court to impute knowledge of the facts to the
alleged constructive trustee even though he lacked actual knowledge of those
facts. Thus the court will treat a person as having constructive knowledge of
the facts _if he wilfully shuts his eyes to the relevant facts which would be
obvious if he opened his eyes, such constructive knowledge being usually
termed (though by a metaphor of historical inaccuracy) ‘Nelsonian knowledge’._
[emphasis added]

102 The Judge pertinently observed that the view of Peter Gibson J just quoted
had been severely criticised in the context of the law relating to
constructive trusts and, indeed, had been _abandoned_ in so far as the
specific issue of knowing _assistance_ (as opposed to knowing _receipt_) was
concerned (for developments in the context of knowing _receipt_ , see, for
example, Jill E Martin, _Hanbury & Martin – Modern Equity_ (17th Ed, Sweet &
Maxwell, 2005), especially at paras 12-016–12-019 and _Hayton and Marshall –
Commentary and Cases on the Law of Trusts and Equitable Remedies_ (Sweet &
Maxwell, 2005, 12th Ed by David Hayton & Charles Mitchell), especially at
paras 11-21–11-27; _cf_ also the observations in the recent House of Lords
decision of _Criterion Properties plc v Statford UK Properties LLC_ [2004] 1
WLR 1846). This abandonment was, in fact, effected by the Judicial Committee
of the Privy Council in _Royal Brunei Airlines Sdn Bhd v Philip Tan Kok Ming_
[1995] 2 AC 378 (“ _Royal Brunei Airlines_ ”) (noted by Hans Tjio, “No
Stranger to Unconscionability” [2001] JBL 299; see also GD at [22]). Indeed,
as we point out below, this abandonment as well as subsequent developments are
not really germane to the issues before us in the present appeal. This is not
unfortunate as the subsequent developments in this particular area of the law
relating to constructive trusts have been, to say the least, rather complex
(see, for example, the House of Lords decision in _Twinsectra Ltd v Yardley_
[2002] 2 AC 164 (“ _Twinsectra_ ”) (noted by T M Yeo and H Tjio, “Knowing What
Is Dishonesty” (2002) 118 LQR 502); the Privy Council decision of _Barlow
Clowes International Ltd (in liquidation) v Eurotrust International Ltd_
[2006] 1 All ER 333 (noted by T M Yeo, “Dishonest Assistance: a Restatement
from the Privy Council (2006) 122 LQR 171); and the English High Court
decisions of _Abou-Rahmah v Abacha_ [2006] 1 All ER (Comm) 247 (affirmed
recently by the English Court of Appeal in _Abou-Rahmah v Abacha_ [2007] 1 All
ER (Comm) 827) and _Attorney General of Zambia v Meer Care & Desai (a firm)_
[2007] EWHC 952 (Ch)). Indeed, the entire area of law as a whole has been –
and continues to be – rife with conceptual as well as practical difficulties
(see, for example, the perceptive accounts in Charles Harpum, “The Stranger as
Constructive Trustee (Part I)” (1986) 102 LQR 114 (Part II, dealing, in the
main, with knowing receipt was published in (1986) 102 LQR 267) and Simon
Gardner, “Knowing Assistance and Knowing Receipt: Taking Stock” (1996) 112 LQR
56). Significantly, though, the issue of dishonesty may be closely related to
the doctrine of wilful blindness (as is evidenced from the discussion in both
_Royal Brunei Airlines_ as well as _Twinsectra_). The doctrine of wilful
blindness is an important one in the present context and will, in fact, be
dealt with in more detail below (see generally at [106]–[128]).

103 Turning, now, to the issue of _actual_ knowledge, it has been described by
Yong Pung How CJ, in the Singapore High Court decision of _PP v Koo Pui Fong_
[1996] 2 SLR 266 (“ _Koo Pui Fong_ ”) thus (at 271, [17]):

I think that it would be reasonable to say that a person ‘knows’ a certain
fact if he is aware that it exists or is almost certain that it exists or will
exist or occur. Thus knowledge entails a high degree of certainty.

104 The practical reality, however, is, as Yong CJ put it in _Koo Pui Fong_ ,
that “[o]f course, we would never have the benefit of going into the mind of
another person to ascertain his knowledge and in every case, knowledge is a
fact that has to be inferred from the circumstances” (([103] _supra_) at 271,
[17]; see also the Singapore Court of Appeal decision of _Tay Kah Tiang v PP_
[2001] 2 SLR 305 (“ _Tay Kah Tiang_ ”) at [34]). Likewise, a finding of wilful
blindness is “solely dependent on the relevant inferences to be drawn by the
trial judge from all the facts and circumstances of the particular case,
giving due weight, where necessary, to the credibility of the witnesses”
(_per_ Abdul Malik Ishak J in the Malaysian High Court decision of _PP v Tan
Kok An_ [1996] 1 MLJ 89 at 101; see also _per_ Lord Esher MR in the English
Court of Appeal decision of _The English and Scottish Mercantile Investment
Company, Limited v Brunton_ [1892] 2 QB 700 at 708 (“ _Brunton_ ”) (the
relevant passage of which is quoted at [109] below)). Indeed, short of a clear
admission (which will, in the nature of things, be extremely rare), inferences
drawn from the precise facts and circumstances of the case concerned are the
only viable material available to the court in order to ascertain whether or
not either actual knowledge or wilful blindness exists. It is, at this
juncture, important to note, once again, that _wilful blindness_ has always
been treated, in law, as the _equivalent_ of _actual_ knowledge (see also
_per_ Yong CJ in _Koo Pui Fong_ , cited at the end of this paragraph and _per_
Devlin J in _Roper v Taylor’s Central Garages (Exeter), Limited_ [1951] 2 TLR
284 (“ _Roper_ ”) (quoted at [116] below), as well as at [123] below). This is
entirely understandable as well as logical and practical simply because the
court cannot read a person’s mind (see _per_ Yong CJ in _Koo Pui Fong_ ,
_supra_ , as well as _per_ Lord Esher MR in _Brunton_ at [109] below). As we
have just mentioned, a clear admission is going to be extremely rare. The
proof of an actual situation of actual knowledge is, in the circumstances,
going to be equally rare. This is _a fortiori_ the case in so far as offences
under the Act are concerned. Accused persons are hardly likely to admit to
possessing actual knowledge and can (indeed, will) easily disavow such
knowledge even if it existed, given the surreptitious nature inherent in drug
offences as well as the draconian penalties that are imposed on conviction. In
any event, as we have already noted, wilful blindness has, in any event,
always been treated, in law, as _actual_ knowledge. In this regard, Yong CJ,
in _Koo Pui Fong_ , observed that the “concept of wilful blindness does not
introduce a new state of mind to that of knowing” and that “[i]t is simply a
reformulation of actual knowledge” ([103] _supra_ at 271, [17]); the learned
Chief Justice then proceeded to observe as follows (see _id_):

It seems to me that it is wholly in keeping with common sense and the law to
say that an accused knew of certain facts if he deliberately closed his eyes
to the circumstances, his wilful blindness being evidence from which knowledge
may be inferred. Thus I fully agree with the following passage of Lord Bridge
in _Westminster City Council v Croyalgrange Ltd_ (1986) 83 Cr App R 155 at p
164:

… it is always open to the tribunal of fact, when knowledge on the part of a
defendant is required to be proved, to base a finding of knowledge on evidence
that the defendant had deliberately shut his eyes to the obvious or refrained
from inquiry because he suspected the truth but did not want to have his
suspicion confirmed.

105 Yong CJ did then state thus ([103] _supra_ at 271, [18]):

But this is different from saying that wilful blindness should be
automatically equated with knowledge. Hence, if the respondent suspected that
PW1 was an illegal immigrant but deliberately shut her eyes to the
circumstances, that in itself is strictly speaking not an alternative to
knowing that PW1 had entered the country illegally, although it would be fair
and almost irresistible to infer that the respondent had the relevant
knowledge. Despite the distinction, the practical effect it seems, would
usually be the same but the difference should be borne in mind so as not to
confuse the concept of wilful blindness as being a separate state of mind
which is sufficient to form an alternative to the requirement of knowledge.

106 Given the practical reality that a finding of actual knowledge is likely
to be rare, we turn, now to what, as we have just mentioned, is the legal
equivalent of actual knowledge, _viz_ , the doctrine of _wilful blindness_.

107 Various criteria have been laid down in the context of the doctrine of
wilful blindness. Although many deal with cases from a commercial perspective,
the _general principles_ and _reasoning_ stated therein are completely on
point.

108 For example, Goddard J (as he then was), in the English decision of _Evans
v Dell_ (1937) 53 TLR 310, referred (in the context of the provisions of the
UK Road Traffic Act 1930 (c 34) (as amended)) to the concept of _shutting
one’s eyes to the obvious_ (see at 313). And, as far back as 1877, Lord
Blackburn observed, in the House of Lords decision of _Jones v Gordon_ (1877)
2 App Cas 616, thus (at 629):

If he was (if I may use the phrase) honestly blundering and careless, and so
took a bill of exchange or a bank-note when he ought not to have taken it,
still he would be entitled to recover. _But if the facts and circumstances are
such that the jury, or whoever has to try the question, came to the conclusion
that he was not honestly blundering and careless, but that he must have had a
suspicion that there was something wrong, and that he refrained from asking
questions, not because he was an honest blunderer or a stupid man, but because
he thought in his own secret mind – I suspect there is something wrong, and if
I ask questions and make farther inquiry, it will no longer be my suspecting
it, but my knowing it, and then I shall not be able to recover – I think that
is dishonesty_. [emphasis added]

109 In a similar vein, Lord Esher MR, distinguishing between the equitable
doctrine of _constructive_ notice on the one hand and that of _actual_
knowledge on the other, observed thus in _Brunton_ ([104] _supra_ at 707–708):

The doctrine of constructive notice is wholly equitable; it is not known to
the common law. There is an inference of fact known to common lawyers which
_comes somewhat near to it_. When a man has statements made to him, or has
knowledge of facts, which do not expressly tell him of something which is
against him, _and he abstains from making further inquiry because he knows
what the result would be – or, as the phrase is, he “wilfully shuts his eyes”
– then judges are in the habit of telling juries that they may infer that he
did know what was against him. It is an inference of fact drawn because you
cannot look into a man’s mind, but you can infer from his conduct whether he
is speaking truly or not when he says that he did not know of particular
facts_. _There is no question of constructive notice or constructive knowledge
involved in that inference; it is actual knowledge which is inferred._
[emphasis added]

110 Turning to more modern case law, in the English Court of Appeal decision
of _Compania Maritima San Basilo S A v Oceanus Mutual Underwriting Association
(Bermuda) Ltd_ [1977] 1 QB 49 (“ _Oceanus_ ”), Lord Denning MR observed (in
the context of marine insurance) thus (at 68):

To disentitle the shipowner, he must, I think, have knowledge not only of the
facts constituting the unseaworthiness, but also knowledge that those facts
rendered the ship unseaworthy, that is, not reasonably fit to encounter the
ordinary perils of the sea. And, when I speak of knowledge, I mean _not only
positive knowledge, but also the sort of knowledge expressed in the phrase
“turning a blind eye”. If a man, suspicious of the truth, turns a blind eye to
it, and refrains from inquiry – so that he should not know it for certain –
then he is to be regarded as knowing the truth. This “turning a blind eye” is
far more blameworthy than mere negligence. Negligence in not knowing the truth
is not equivalent to knowledge of it._ [emphasis added]

Roskill LJ (as he then was) agreed with Lord Denning MR (see _id_ at 76):

But like Lord Denning M.R., I would emphasise that knowledge does not only
mean positive knowledge, but includes that type of knowledge which is
expressed in the phrase “turning a blind eye”. _If the facts amounting to
unseaworthiness are there staring the accused in the face so that he must, had
he thought of it, have realised their implication upon the seaworthiness of
his ship, he cannot escape from being held privy to that unseaworthiness by
blindly or blandly ignoring those facts or by refraining from asking relevant
questions regarding them in the hope that by his lack of inquiry he will not
know for certain that which any inquiry must have made plain beyond
possibility of doubt._ [emphasis added]

And, in the same case, Geoffrey Lane LJ (as he then was) stated (_id_ at 81):

Knowledge of what? Again the subsection is clear. It says “unseaworthiness”,
not “facts which in the upshot prove to amount to unseaworthiness”.
Accordingly it seems clear to me that if this matter were res integra, the
section would mean that the assured only loses his cover if he has consented
to or concurred in the ship going to sea _when he knew or believed that it was
in an unseaworthy condition. I add the word “believed” to cover the man who
deliberately turns a blind eye to what he believes to be true in order to
avoid obtaining certain knowledge of the truth._ [emphasis added]

111 An even more recent decision is that of the House of Lords in _Manifest
Shipping Co Ltd v Uni-Polaris Insurance Co Ltd_ [2003] 1 AC 469 (another
decision in the context of marine insurance) (“ _Manifest Shipping_ ”). In
this case, wilful blindness is succinctly encapsulated within the phrase “
_blind-eye knowledge_ ”. For example, Lord Clyde, referring to this phrase,
then proceeds to elaborate thus (at [3]):

Blind-eye knowledge in my judgment requires a conscious reason for blinding
the eye. _There must be at least a suspicion of a truth about which you do not
want to know and which you refuse to investigate._ [emphasis added]

112 Lord Hobhouse of Woodborough, after referring to the various views
expressed in _Oceanus_ , opined thus (at [25]):

All these formulations reject the suggestion that even gross negligence will
suffice. The use of the word “suspicion” and “belief” are indicative of the
strength of the suspicion that is required. But perhaps the most helpful guide
is to be found in what was said by Roskill LJ and Geoffrey Lane LJ about the
reason for refraining from inquiry – “in the hope that by his lack of inquiry
he will not know for certain” – “in order to avoid obtaining certain knowledge
of the truth”. It is probable that Lord Denning MR was saying the same thing
when he used the phrase “so that he should not know it for certain”. _The
illuminating question therefore becomes “why did he not inquire?”. If the
judge is satisfied that it was because he did not want to know for certain,
then a finding of privity should be made. If, on the other hand, he did not
enquire because he was too lazy or he was grossly negligent or believed that
there was nothing wrong, then privity has not been made out._ An ambiguity has
arisen from the use by Roskill LJ of the phrase “had he thought of it”. This
suggests that the test may be objective. If so, that is not correct. The test
is subjective: Did the assured have direct knowledge of the unseaworthiness or
an actual state of mind which the law treats as equivalent to such knowledge?
[emphasis added]

113 Lord Scott of Foscote observed thus (at [112]):

“Blind-eye” knowledge approximates to knowledge. Nelson at the battle of
Copenhagen made a deliberate decision to place the telescope to his blind eye
in order to avoid seeing what he knew he would see if he placed it to his good
eye. It is, I think, common ground – and if it is not, it should be – that _an
imputation of blind-eye knowledge requires an amalgam of suspicion that
certain facts may exist and a decision to refrain from taking any step to
confirm their existence_. [emphasis added]

This is an obvious reference to what is commonly known as “Nelsonian
blindness” (for further background, see Michael P Furmston, “Some Themes and
Thoughts” (2005) 17 SAcLJ 141 at 145–147, where it is also suggested that the
account of Nelson placing the telescope to his blind eye was an embellishment
(see also _per_ Peter Gibson J in _Baden_ (at [101] above)). The learned law
lord also observed, a little later on in his judgment, as follows (at [116]):

_In summary, blind-eye knowledge requires, in my opinion, a suspicion that the
relevant facts do exist and a deliberate decision to avoid confirming that
they exist. But a warning should be sounded. Suspicion is a word that can be
used to describe a state-of-mind that may, at one extreme, be no more than a
vague feeling of unease and, at the other extreme, reflect a firm belief in
the existence of the relevant facts. In my opinion, in order for there to be
blind-eye knowledge, the suspicion must be firmly grounded and targeted on
specific facts. The deliberate decision must be a decision to avoid obtaining
confirmation of facts in whose existence the individual has good reason to
believe. To allow blind-eye knowledge to be constituted by a decision not to
enquire into an untargeted or speculative suspicion would be to allow
negligence, albeit gross, to be the basis of a finding of privity._ That, in
my opinion, is not warranted by section 39(5) [of the UK Marine Insurance Act
1906 (c 41)]. [emphasis added]

114 Indeed, the views of both Lord Hobhouse and Lord Scott in _Manifest
Shipping_ were expressly referred to by Lord Hoffmann in _Twinsectra_ ([102]
_supra_ at [22]).

115 Numerous cases in the criminal sphere adopt the same principles as well
(see, for example, the English Divisional Court decision of _Roper_ ([104]
_supra_) and the English Court of Appeal decisions of _Leslie George
Griffiths_ (1974) Cr App Rep 14 and _Westminster City Council v Croyalgrange
Ltd_ [1985] 1 All ER 740 (“ _Westminster City Council_ ”)).

116 In _Roper_ ([104] _supra_), although the court arrived at its decision on
a comparatively narrow ground to the effect that the court below had taken
into account inadmissible evidence and that the defendants’ appeal had
therefore to be allowed, Devlin J (as he then was) nevertheless proceeded to
make the very pertinent observations, which merit quotation in full, as
follows (at 288–289):

There are, I think, three degrees of knowledge which it may be relevant to
consider in case of this kind. The _first_ is _actual_ knowledge, which the
justices may find because they infer it from the nature of the act done, for
no man can prove the state of another man’ mind; and they may find it even if
the defendant gives evidence to the contrary. They may say, “We do not believe
him; we think that that was his state of mind.” They may feel that the
evidence falls short of that, and if they do they have then to consider what
might be described as knowledge of the _second_ degree; _whether the defendant
was, as it has been called, shutting his eyes to an obvious means of
knowledge_. Various expressions have been used to describe that state of mind.
I do not think it necessary to look further, certainly not in cases of this
type, than the phrase which Lord Hewart, C.J., used in a case under this
section, _Evans v. Dell_ ((1937) 53 _The Times_ L.R. 310), where he said (at
p. 313): “… the respondent deliberately refrained from making inquiries the
results of which he might not care to have.”

The _third_ kind of knowledge is what is generally known in the law as
_constructive_ knowledge: _it is what is encompassed by the words “ought to
have known” in the phrase “knew or ought to have known”. It does not mean
actual knowledge at all_ ; it means that the defendant had in effect the means
of knowledge. When, therefore, the case of the prosecution is that the
defendant fails to make what they think were reasonable inquiries it is, I
think, incumbent on them to make it plain which of the two things they are
saying. _There is a vast distinction between a state of mind which consists of
deliberately refraining from making inquiries, the result of which the person
does not care to have, and a state of mind which is merely neglecting to make
such inquiries as a reasonable and prudent person would make_. If that
distinction is kept well in mind I think that justices will have less
difficulty than this case appears to show they have had in determining what is
the true position. _The case of shutting one’s eyes is actual knowledge in the
eyes of the law; the case of merely neglecting to make inquiries is not
knowledge at all – it comes within the legal conception of constructive
knowledge, a conception which, generally speaking, has no place in the
criminal law_.

[emphasis added]

The above observations – quoted at length because, as we shall see below, of
their signal importance – are instructive. Although the learned judge spoke of
“three degrees of knowledge”, there are, in point of fact, only _two distinct
categories_ , _viz_ , actual knowledge and constructive knowledge,
respectively. The former, however, comprises two sub-categories – first,
actual knowledge in (for want of a better way of putting it) an actual sense
and, secondly, actual knowledge in the form of _wilful blindness_. And, as
Devlin J aptly put it, the other main category of knowledge, _viz_ ,
constructive knowledge “has no place in the criminal law”. However, as we
shall see below (especially at [133]), the line between actual and
constructive knowledge is not, owing to the very factual nature of the
inquiry, always that clear.

117 The views of Devlin J in _Roper_ (quoted in the preceding paragraph) were
in fact endorsed by the English Court of Appeal in _Westminster City Council_
([115] _supra_). Robert Goff LJ (as he then was) observed thus (at 744):

It is well established that, in cases where knowledge is required, knowledge
may be proved _not only_ by showing _actual_ knowledge, _but also_ by showing
that the defendant in question has _deliberately shut his eyes to obvious
means of knowledge or deliberately refrained from making inquiries, the
results of which he might not care to know_. We were referred, very helpfully,
by counsel for the respondents to the judgment of Devlin J in _Roper v
Taylor’s Central Garages (Exeter) Ltd_ [1951] 2 TLR 284 at 288, in which in
the course of his judgment he reaffirmed that proposition, and treated
deliberately shutting one’s eyes to obvious means of knowledge _as being
equivalent to actual knowledge_. [emphasis added]

118 More importantly, perhaps, _Roper_ was also endorsed in the Singapore High
Court decision of _Koo Pui Fong_ , where Yong Pung How CJ observed thus (at
272, [23]):

[T]here is a vast difference between a state of mind which consists of
deliberately shutting the eyes to the obvious, the result of which a person
does not care to have, and a state of mind which is merely neglecting to make
inquiries as a reasonable and prudent man would make. The latter, also known
as constructive knowledge, is not knowledge at all: see _Roper v Taylor’s
Central Garages (Exeter) Ltd_ [1951] 2 TLR 284 at p 289.

119 Finally, the UK Law Commission, in its working paper entitled
_Codification of the Criminal Law, General Principles – The Mental Element in
Crime_ (Working Paper No 31, 1970), described its conception of wilful
blindness in two alternatives, as follows:

_KNOWLEDGE_

(3) |  A PERSON KNOWS OF CIRCUMSTANCES NOT ONLY WHEN HE KNOWS THEY EXIST, _BUT ALSO WHEN_  
---|---  
First  
alternative |  HE HAS _NO SUBSTANTIAL DOUBT THAT THEY EXIST_.  
Second  
alternative |  HE _KNOWS THAT THEY PROBABLY EXIST._  
  
[emphasis added]

120 The UK Law Commission itself subsequently expressed a preference for the
_first_ alternative set out in the preceding paragraph in the Law Commission
Report already referred to above ([34] _supra_ at paras 47–49; though _cf_ at
[127] below).

121 The doctrine of wilful blindness is, in fact, not a novel one in the
Singapore context. It has, in fact, been applied in many decisions in the
context of the operation of the Act itself: see, for example, the Singapore
Court of Appeal decisions of _Chan Chi Pun_ ([37] _supra_ at [20]); _PP v
Khampali Suchart_ [1996] SGCA 38 (“ _Khampali Suchart_ ”); _Chou Kooi Pang_
([37] _supra_ at [20]); _Wong Soon Lee_ ([60] _supra_ at [45]; see also above
at [76]); _Zulfikar bin Mustaffah v PP_ [2001] 1 SLR 633; _Yeoh Aik Wei v PP_
([60] _supra_); and _Tay Kah Tiang_ ([104]  _supra_ at [34], although it was
in fact proved that the accused had actual knowledge in any event); the
Malaysian Court of Appeal decision of _Roslan bin Sabu @ Omar v Pendakwa Raya_
[2006] 4 AMR 772; the Singapore High Court decisions of _Koo Pui Fong_ ([104]
_supra_); _PP v Mohamed Faizi bin Abdul Rahim_ [1998] SGHC 335 (affirmed in
_Mohamed Faizi bin Abdul Rahim v PP_ [1999] SGCA 14); the Malaysian High Court
decision of _PP v Tan Kok An_ ([104] _supra_ at 100–101); as well as the
Singapore District Court decision of _PP v Tseng Yue-Wey_ [2003] SGDC 288 at
[32]. Indeed, even where the doctrine is not expressly referred to, it is
clear that it has, in substance, been applied: see, for example, the Singapore
Court of Appeal decisions of _Kong Weng Chong v PP_ [1994] 1 SLR 34 (“ _Kong
Weng Chong_ ”); _Ubaka v PP_ [1995] 1 SLR 267; _Lee Yuan Kwang v PP_ [1995] 2
SLR 349 (“ _Lee Yuan Kwang_ ”); _Cheng Heng Lee_ ([37] _supra_); and _Abdul
Rau’uf_ ([60] _supra_); as well as the Singapore High Court decision of _Ko
Mun Cheung_ ([76] _supra_)). The doctrine of wilful blindness was also
emphasised by Yong Pung How CJ in the Singapore Court of Appeal decision of
_PP v Hla Win_ [1995] 2 SLR 424. Although the learned Chief Justice dissented
in that case, this was due to a difference in view from the majority _vis-à-
vis_ the facts of that particular case. Indeed, this difference in view only
serves to underscore the point (made below, especially at [123] and [125])
that _the precise factual matrix_ is of the first importance. In that
particular case, the majority of the court in fact found that the accused had
managed to _rebut_ the statutory presumptions (reference may also be made to
_Khampali Suchart_ (_supra_), where the accused was held _not_ to have been
wilfully blind to the contents of the bag concerned).

122 It is appropriate at this point to draw the various threads with respect
to the doctrine of wilful blindness together. Indeed, specific central
principles, in our view, emerge from the relevant case law, as follows.

123 The first is that wilful blindness is treated, in law, as being the
_equivalent_ of _actual_ knowledge (see above at [106] as well as _Koo Pui
Fong_ (see at [104] above); _Roper_ (see at [116] above); _Leslie George
Griffiths_ ([115] _supra_ at 18); and _Westminster City Council_ ([115]
_supra_ at 744)). Indeed, we are of the view that, given that both actual
knowledge as well as wilful blindness are, more often than not, inferred from
the facts and circumstances of the case, the line, in _practice_ , between the
two is a fine one and may, on occasion at least, even be blurred. However, it
bears repeating that wilful blindness is _not opposed_ to actual knowledge.
Indeed, the suggestion that this was the case at the trial court stage in
_Tochi_ ([35] _supra_) was swiftly rejected by the Court of Appeal. Choo Han
Teck J, who delivered the judgment of the court, observed thus (at [6]):

The presumption of knowledge was therefore not rebutted, and all that remained
was to determine whether the act of importing the drugs was proved. However, a
statement in the trial judge’s grounds requires clarification. At para 48, the
trial judge stated, in what appeared to us as an emphasis to his rejection of
the first appellant’s evidence:

I found he had wilfully turned a blind eye on the contents of the capsules
because he was tempted by the US$2000, which was a large sum to him. …
Consequently, even if he may not have actual knowledge that he was carrying
diamorphine, _his ignorance did not exculpate him_ … [emphasis added].

**_That passage creates an impression that there is a legal duty not to “turn
a blind eye”._** It would thus create a wrong assumption that there was some
sort of positive legal duty, meaning that the first appellant was bound in law
to inspect and determine what he was carrying, and that consequentially, if he
did not do so, he would be found liable _on account of that failure or
omission_. **_The Act does not prescribe any such duty. All that the Act does
(under s 18), is to provide the presumptions of possession and knowledge, and
thus the duty of rebutting the presumptions lay with the accused. There could
be various reasons why a court might not believe the accused person, or find
that he had not rebutted the presumptions. The fact that he made no attempt to
check what he was carrying could be one such reason. Whether the court would
believe a denial of knowledge of the articles in the accused person’s
possession (made with or without explanation or reasons) would depend on the
circumstances of the individual case._** The trial judge then referred to _Yeo
Choon Huat v_ PP [1998] 1 SLR 217 at [22]:

[I]gnorance is a defence only when there is no reason for suspicion and no
right and opportunity of examination …

The above passage, however, was from the judgment in _Ubaka v PP_ [1995] 1 SLR
267 and cited with approval by both the minority judgment in _PP v Hla Win_
[1995] 2 SLR 424, as well as in the unanimous judgment in _Yeo Choon Huat v
PP_. It is also pertinent that the same coram sat in both cases (_Yeo Choon
Huat v PP_ and _PP v Hla Win_). **_It will be gleaned from these cases that
the true principle is that, ultimately, a failure to inspect may strongly
disincline a court from believing an “absence of knowledge” defence.
Therefore, to say, as in this case, that the first appellant thought it was
chocolates was another way of saying he did not know that he was carrying
drugs. Given the evidence, including the evidence that the first appellant did
not inspect the articles when he could have done so (the turning of the blind
eye), the court was entitled to find that the presumption had not been
rebutted._**

[emphasis added in bold italics]

124 What is clear from the above observations is that the accused is under no
legal obligation not to turn a blind eye. However, if he does in fact turn a
blind eye, that could, on the facts, be taken to be wilful blindness on his
part. If so, this would be tantamount to actual knowledge in law, and the
accused would have failed to have rebutted the presumption of knowledge under
s 18(2) of the Act. The above observations are important inasmuch as they
clarify what might otherwise have been a misunderstanding of some observations
expressed at first instance in _Tochi_. In particular, in _PP v Iwuchukwu
Amara Tochi_ [2005] SGHC 233, the learned trial judge had held (at [42]) that
there had been “no _direct_ evidence that [the first accused] knew the
capsules contained diamorphine” [emphasis added]. Reading this observation in
context, it was clear that the learned trial judge had made a finding that the
first accused did _not_ possess _actual_ knowledge that he was in possession
of the drug concerned. However, it was crystal clear that he had nevertheless
found that the first accused had what is, in law, the equivalent of actual
knowledge as he (the first accused) had clearly been guilty of wilful
blindness on the objective facts before the court; as the learned trial judge
observed (at [48]):

I found that he [the first accused] had _wilfully turned a blind eye_ on the
contents of the capsules because he was tempted by the US$2000, which was a
large sum to him. When Smith, who had befriended him and had appeared to help
him get out of Pakistan, also offered him the US$2000, he did not want to ask
any questions or check the capsules himself. Consequently, even if he may not
have actual knowledge that he was carrying diamorphine, his ignorance did not
exculpate him because it is well established that:

[I]gnorance is a defence only when there is no reason for suspicion and no
right and opportunity of examination …

_– Yeo Choon Huat v PP_ [1998] 1 SLR 217at [22] and his defence cannot stand.
He was therefore found guilty and convicted on the charge he faced.

[emphasis added]

125 The second central principle is that _suspicion_ _is_ legally sufficient
to ground a finding of wilful blindness provided the relevant factual matrix
warrants such a finding _and_ the accused deliberately decides to turn a blind
eye. _However_ , that suspicion must, as Lord Scott perceptively points out in
_Manifest Shipping_ (see at [113] above), “be firmly grounded and targeted on
specific facts”. Mere “untargeted or speculative suspicion” is insufficient
(see also Hor ([75] _supra_) at 73). A decision in this last-mentioned
instance not to make further inquiries is, as the learned law lord correctly
points out, tantamount to negligence, perhaps even gross negligence, and is as
such insufficient to constitute a basis for a finding of wilful blindness. As
Lord Scott aptly put it (see at [113] above), “[s]uspicion is a word that can
be used to describe a state-of-mind that may, at one extreme, be no more than
a vague feeling of unease and, at the other extreme, reflect a firm belief in
the existence of the relevant facts”. It is important to note that the
(unacceptable) negligence which the Judge referred to in the court below
relates to the _level_ of _suspicion_ required before a decision not to make
further inquiries will be considered to constitute wilful blindness. It is
equally – if not more – important to emphasise that the Judge was therefore
_not_ stating that suspicion _per se_ would not be sufficient to ground a
finding of wilful blindness. On the contrary, _suspicion is a central as well
as integral part of the entire doctrine of wilful blindness_. However, the
caveat is that a _low level_ of suspicion premised on a factual matrix that
would _not_ lead a person to make further inquiries would be insufficient to
ground a finding of wilful blindness where the person concerned did not in
fact make further inquiries. What is of vital significance, in our view, is
the substance of the matter which (in turn) depends heavily upon the _precise
facts_ before the court. It is equally important to note that in order for
wilful blindness to be established, the appropriate level of suspicion (as
just discussed) is a necessary, but not sufficient, condition, inasmuch as
that level of suspicion _must then lead to a refusal to investigate further_ ,
thus resulting in “blind eye knowledge” (see also the second quotation from
the article by Wasik & Thompson at [127] below).

126 That having been said, the requirement of _suspicion_ is nevertheless a
vital (and, indeed, threshold) one. So, for example, if the accused makes
merely token inquiries because he suspects that making more substantive
inquiries might lead him to the truth which he does not want to know, that is
wilful blindness. If the factual matrix was such that the accused ought to
have been suspicious, the court must then consider the accused’s reasons for
not making further inquiries. We will come to this point below but it suffices
to state at this juncture that a court would be well justified in thinking
that the reason why an accused refused to make further inquiries may be
because he or she was virtually certain that if further inquiries were made,
his or her suspicions would be confirmed. In such a situation, the level of
suspicion is, in fact, quite the opposite of the very first scenario referred
to (in the preceding paragraph), and is one where a person in the accused’s
shoes ought to make further inquiries and the failure to do so would therefore
constitute wilful blindness. As already emphasised above, what is token and
what is substantive (_in so far as the making of further inquiries_ is
concerned) is, of course, a matter of fact (and see at [129]–[132] below for
brief discussions as well as corresponding analyses). The propositions
canvassed in the present paragraph are of fundamental importance and will (as
we shall see) figure prominently in the analysis of the factual matrix in the
present proceedings in so far as the doctrine of wilful blindness is
concerned.

127 We would venture to state a third central principle. Whilst Prof Glanville
Williams has correctly drawn a clear distinction between wilful blindness on
the one hand and recklessness on the other (see Glanville Williams, _Textbook
of Criminal Law_ (Stevens & Sons, 2nd Ed, 1983) at pp 125–126), this
distinction must be properly understood in its proper context. To elaborate,
it is clear that wilful blindness, being (as we have seen) the equivalent of
actual knowledge, is distinct from recklessness which, theoretically at least,
falls short of actual knowledge. Indeed, wilful blindness necessarily entails
an element of _deliberate_ action inasmuch as to the extent that the person
concerned has _a clear suspicion_ that something is amiss but then embarks on
a deliberate decision not to make further inquiries in order to avoid
confirming what the actual situation is, such a decision is necessarily a
_deliberate_ one. Looked at in this light, wilful blindness and recklessness
are, _ex hypothesi_ , incompatible with each other. It is imperative, in order
to avoid any unnecessary confusion, that we emphasise, once again, that wilful
blindness is a combination of suspicion _coupled with_ a _deliberate_ decision
not to make further inquiries, whereas the recklessness that has been referred
to by Prof Williams refers to recklessness in terms of the accused’s conduct
in the context of circumstances _which would not otherwise have aroused
suspicion_ on the part of the accused. We think that it is important to
reiterate this point because it is possible, on another interpretation, to
argue that the decision by the accused not to make further inquiries when
faced with suspicious circumstances may be characterised as reckless conduct.
We do _not_ agree with such an argument and characterisation. Such conduct is
wilful blindness that entails a _deliberate_ decision not to make further
inquiries when faced with suspicious circumstances. Semantical confusion
_must_ be avoided, especially when an accused’s life or liberty is at stake.
Indeed, as Prof Williams himself put it (again in his textbook, _supra_ , at p
125)_:_

[The doctrine of wilful blindness] is meant to deal with those whose
philosophy is: “Where ignorance is bliss, ‘’tis folly to be wise.” To argue
away inconvenient truths is a human failing. If a person _deliberately “_
shuts his eyes” to the obvious, because he “doesn’t want to know”, he is taken
to know _._ [emphasis added]

The following observations in a leading article are also pertinent (see M
Wasik & M P Thompson, ““Turning A Blind Eye” as Constituting Mens Rea” (1981)
32 NILQ 328 at 330–331):

“[W]ilful blindness is more than non-coincidence: it is the construction of a
greater mental element than _D_ [the accused] actually had, by virtue of _D’s_
own _fault_ in closing his eyes. The fault which is seen to justify this is
provided by _D’s advertence_ to the particular fact, prior to his
_deliberately_ turning a blind eye. It would seem that strict subjective
principles of criminal liability are modified, though not overridden, in the
case of liability imposed for wilful blindness. [emphasis in original]

And, even more to the point, the same writers observe thus (_id_ at 335):

It may well be the case that whilst “suspicion” alone is not strong enough to
found liability, suspicion plus _deliberately_ refraining from finding out the
truth will be enough, or ought to be enough, because of _D_ ’s fault in
turning a blind eye. [emphasis added]

In this regard, the following observation by Stephenson LJ in the English
Court of Appeal decision of _Keith Ian Thomas, Peter William Thomson_ (1976)
Cr App Rep 65 at 69 is also helpful:

Suspicion is not knowledge, but knowledge may be inferred from shutting one’s
eyes to suspicious circumstances …

Finally, it is important to note that the judgment in the court below is, in
large part, consistent with the propositions just made. For example, the
passage the Judge cites (see GD at [24]) from Prof Andrew Ashworth’s book,
_Principles of Criminal Law_ (Oxford University Press, 3rd Ed, 1999) at pp
196–197, when read closely, confirms the central importance of the concept of
suspicion. It is also interesting to note that where the phrase “virtual
certainty” is used, it is in fact an _alternative_ instance of the _highest
possible_ form of suspicion; indeed, this particular alternative, in our view,
borders on – if not actually epitomises – _actual_ knowledge rather than
wilful blindness (see also, especially, _per_ Yong CJ in _Koo Pui Fong_ , set
out at [103] above; and _cf_ at [119]–[120] above). At this point, the
distinction between actual knowledge (in its purest form) and wilful blindness
would (unjustifiably, wrongfully, and in substance) be erased. In the same
vein, the reference by Prof Williams in his work to the phrase “virtual
certainty” (also cited by the Judge in GD at [25]) should be given the same
meaning. As just mentioned, any other interpretation would be to equate, in
effect, actual knowledge (in its purest form) with wilful blindness. Although
the latter is the legal equivalent of the former, they are, as we have seen in
the analysis above, _not_ identical concepts. The Judge also cites (see GD at
[26]) Prof Hor’s views ([37] _supra_), but to the extent that the learned
author _eschews_ the concept of suspicion in the context of wilful blindness
_altogether_ , that view is, with respect, erroneous (a similar comment may be
made of the passage cited by the Judge in his GD at [29]). The preferable
view, however, is to interpret the passage cited as referring to various
_levels_ of suspicion (as to which see above at [125]).

128 Finally, a fourth central principle is that whether or not a presumption
(here, of knowledge) under the Act is _rebutted_ (on a balance of
probabilities (see above at [60])) depends, in the final analysis, on _the
precise factual matrix_ concerned. As Choo Han Teck J put it in _Tochi_ ([35]
_supra_ at [9]):

Rebutting the statutory presumption is a matter of fact, and is no different
from any other fact-finding exercise save that the law requires that a person
rebutting a statutory presumption does so on a balance of probabilities. It is
not sufficient for him merely to raise a reasonable doubt.

Reference may also be made to _Koo Pui Fong_ ([103] _supra_ , especially at
[25]).

129 Indeed, in the context of the doctrine of wilful blindness, while some
illustrations may be helpful, it is nevertheless imperative to note that,
owing to the intensely factual nature of the inquiry, they cannot be
representative, let alone comprehensive. Generally speaking, if an accused has
had his or her suspicions aroused in the manner set out at [125] above, the
accused can still rebut the relevant presumption under s 18 of the Act by
demonstrating that he or she took reasonable steps to investigate by making
further inquiries that were appropriate to the circumstances. What these
circumstances will be will obviously vary from case to case, thus underscoring
(once again) the intensely factual nature of the entire process. Nevertheless,
one obvious situation is where the accused takes no steps whatsoever to
investigate his or her suspicions. The court would naturally find that there
was wilful blindness in such a situation. Where, for example, an accused is
given a wrapped package and is told that it contains counterfeit currency when
it actually contains controlled drugs, we would have thought that, absent
unusual circumstances, the accused should at least ask to _actually view_ what
is in the package. Even a query by the accused coupled with a false assurance
would, in our view, be generally insufficient to obviate a finding of wilful
blindness on the part of the accused under such circumstances. Indeed, if an
accused is told that the package contains counterfeit currency and the package
is then opened to reveal that it contains packets of what are obviously drugs,
that ought then to prompt the accused to make further inquiries. And, where,
in fact, only token efforts are made to investigate one’s suspicions, this
would be insufficient. But might it not be argued that the accused in the
example just given (relating to a wrapped packaged) has done all that could
reasonably have been done to investigate further? Much will, of course, depend
on the precise facts before the court but it would appear, in principle, that
merely asking and receiving answers in situations such as that presently
considered would be insufficient simply because the accused concerned would
certainly be given false answers and assurances. Further, denials of knowledge
by the accused are also to be expected and must, in the circumstances, be (in
the words of the Judge in the court below) “scrupulously analysed and warily
assessed for consistency and credibility” (see GD at [11]). As the Judge aptly
put it (see _ibid_):

It is only too easy to disingenuously claim “I did not know”. Associated with
the plea of “I did not know” are often belated claims of “I did not inspect”
or “I was told it was something else”. These pleas are more often than not
flimsy fabrications of last resort without an atom of credibility.

However, to the extent that the Judge later suggests that it would be wrong to
convict accused persons _solely_ on the basis that they had failed to make
proper inquiries (see GD at [27]), we would respectfully disagree with such a
suggestion. His analysis to the effect that such an approach would equate
wilful blindness with mere negligence or recklessness fails, with respect, to
recognise that a key threshold element in the doctrine of wilful blindness
itself is that of suspicion followed by (and coupled with) a deliberate
decision not to make further investigations. To be sure, and as we have
emphasised above, the level of suspicion ought to be properly grounded (see
above at [125]), this being an intensely factual issue (see also the
acknowledgment by the Judge of the importance of this last-mentioned point in
GD at [31]). Wilful blindness _cannot_ be equated with virtual certainty for,
as already explained above, this would be to equate wilful blindness with
actual knowledge in its purest form. The result would be to erase the doctrine
of wilful blindness from the legal landscape altogether. That this is not what
the Judge intended is evident, for example, from the following observation
where he maintains the distinction between actual knowledge in its purest form
on the one hand and wilful blindness on the other (see GD at [28]; see also GD
at [30]):

[T]he failure to inspect or inquire is relevant and pertinent only where,
together with the ambient circumstances of the case, they go towards
establishing _either_ that the accused _knew_ what he was carrying _or_ was
_wilfully blind_ to the obvious. [emphasis added]

130 Situations such as that which exists on the facts of the present appeal
underscore this point since the accused already knows that he or she is
carrying controlled drugs and surely cannot rely _merely_ on the fact that he
or she had asked for assurances that the controlled drugs concerned were not
of a nature which carried the death penalty. If the accused chooses to take an
enormous (indeed, deadly) risk and proceed without establishing the true
nature of the drugs he or she is carrying, that constitutes, in our view,
wilful blindness. To say that this is unfair to the accused concerned is
rather disingenuous, particularly in light of the fact that the countenancing
of false answers and assurances would be precisely to constitute a drug
pedlar’s charter, for accused persons who are willing to risk imprisonment but
not death (see also the observations of Lord Guest in _Warner_ (at [87]
above)) – thus undermining (in a crucial manner) the policy of the Act itself.
It is also clear that the accused has a real choice to decide not to proceed
if satisfactory answers are not forthcoming, especially where liberty or even
life is at stake. Indeed, the Judge himself also observed, in a similar vein,
thus (GD at [65]):

Tan [the appellant] is not a hapless victim caught in the web of inevitable
circumstances beyond his control. He had real choices. While life may not have
been kind to him, he was under no compulsion to risk his life by committing an
illicit act for meagre returns. He has consciously chosen to run the legal
gauntlet and to leave everything to chance. Given the concatenation of
circumstances, Tan’s plaintive plea that “I am just unlucky as this was my
first time doing it and I was caught” is a tragic but futile one.

We pause to observe, however, that if the _first_ interpretation _vis-à-vis_ s
18(2) of the Act is adopted (see [80] above), the accused would not be able to
make such arguments in the first instance – at least on facts such as those
which obtain in the present appeal since, as noted above (at [94]), the
accused would _know_ that he or she was in possession of a controlled drug in
the first instance. Indeed, even absent actual knowledge such as was possessed
by the appellant in the present case, in situations where the accused is
carrying packets of powder and/or tablets, the possibility of those packets
being controlled drugs is strong. Whether or not the accused is guilty of
wilful blindness would of course depend on the precise facts and circumstances
(these would include, for example, the quantity and weight of the packets, as
well as whether or not the accused was remunerated for carrying the packets,
although obviously no one factor would usually be conclusive).

131 We also observe that much often turns on the _credibility_ of the
witnesses (in particular, the accused), as was the situation in the present
appeal. For example, the accused might claim to have made inquiries but this
might be disbelieved by the court. Such a finding might well be determinative
of the case itself. The Judge in the court below says as much; in his words
(see GD at [36]):

The plain words of s 18(2) of the MDA states that it is for an accused to
prove that he did not know the nature _of the drug_. That an accused knows he
is carrying _a_ drug is only one aspect of the issue; he can still be
exonerated if he can show that he did not know its nature. As such, it is
still conceivably open to an accused carrying a drug to assert that he did not
know that he was carrying the particular type of drug which was in fact found
on him. _His credibility alone forms the crux of the matter in such cases_.
[emphasis in original]

The last sentence in the above quotation was emphasised in italics by the
Judge himself. It suggests that the credibility of the accused – and _that
alone_ – should be the legal lodestar in situations such as that which obtains
in the present appeal (where the only issue is whether or not the accused knew
the _specific_ nature of the controlled drug in question). _However_ , the
Judge does then proceed to suggest that the entire process of inquiry is, in
the final analysis, a _factual_ one (see GD at [37]). This last-mentioned
proposition appears to be the more reasonable approach to adopt although, as
we have observed above, the _credibility_ of the accused will often be an
extremely important – and, on occasion, vital – factor.

132 However, as we have emphasised, the possible factual scenarios are far too
many to admit of blanket propositions and, hence, the decision of the court in
a given case will have to depend on the precise facts, the evidence adduced as
well as the credibility of the witnesses themselves (not least the accused)
(this was also, as we have seen in the preceding paragraph, the apparent
position ultimately adopted by the Judge in the court below). To reiterate an
obvious (but important) example, where the accused has had the controlled
drugs slipped into a bag without his or her knowledge, it is clear that no
offence under the Act would have been committed (see, once again, the passage
by Lord Parker CJ in _Lockyer v Gibb_ (set out at [35] above) as well as the
GD at [12]). Where, to take another example, the accused is asked by a close
family member to carry a box containing controlled drugs on the understanding
that the box (wrapped up, say, in ribbons) contains a cake which is to be
delivered to another close relative, there might be a strong case for arguing
that the accused could not be said to be wilfully blind because the
circumstances ought not to have aroused his or her suspicions, let alone
entailed further investigation. Again, however, much would (to reiterate an
extremely important point) depend on the precise facts, evidence as well as
credibility of the witnesses (especially the accused).

133 Given our views on actual knowledge as well as wilful blindness (which is,
in law, a form of actual knowledge), it is unnecessary, in our view, to
consider other forms of knowledge. In particular, and here we agree with the
Judge, it is _inappropriate_ to include _constructive_ knowledge as falling
within the ambit of s 18(2) of the Act. However, given the objective approach
that this (indeed, any) court must adopt _as well as_ the very factual nature
of the inquiry itself, we should emphasise that _there might be occasions when
the line between actual and constructive knowledge might be blurred_ (this may
particularly be the case in so far as (in the nature of things) the
application of the doctrine of wilful blindness is concerned). Indeed, as
Scott LJ (as he then was) perceptively observed in the English Court of Appeal
decision of _Polly Peck International plc v Nadir (No 2)_ [1992] 4 All ER 769
(at 777):

The various categories of mental state identified in _Baden’_ s case are not
rigid categories with clear and precise boundaries. _One category may merge
imperceptibly into another._ [emphasis added]

134 __ Nevertheless we accept that there is – and ought to be – a distinction,
in principle, between actual knowledge on the one hand and constructive
knowledge on the other. Looked at in this light, it would, in our view,
conduce towards clarity to consider the views on the various types of
knowledge considered in _Baden_ ([101] _supra_). This is not, we hasten to
add, due to the fact that the concept of knowledge was displaced by that of
dishonesty in the context of the doctrine of knowing assistance _vis-à-vis_
constructive trusts (as noted briefly above at [102]; _cf_ , though, Tjio
([102] _supra_ at 303) on the irreducible role of knowledge even in the
context of the ascertainment of dishonesty). The fact of the matter is that
the views on the various types of knowledge in _Baden_ could nevertheless
still furnish guidance from the perspective of _general principle_. However,
that having been said, we are of the view, with respect, that the views
expressed in _Baden_ do not really assist since, in our view, the doctrine of
constructive notice ought not to be imported, as it were, into s 18(2) of the
Act. In the circumstances, therefore, that part of Peter Gibson J’s judgment
in _Baden_ dealing with constructive notice is really irrelevant to the
present appeal. The only relevant part of that judgment pertains to actual
knowledge. This would include the first three categories enunciated by Peter
Gibson J (see [101] above, and _per_ Knox J in the English High Court decision
of _Cowan de Groot Properties Ltd v Eagle Trust plc_ [1991] BCLC 1045 at
1103). Even so, it might be argued that the _third_ category falls outside the
ambit of the doctrine of wilful blindness, and this appears to be the view
adopted by Peter Gibson J himself in _Baden_ ([101] _supra_ at [253]).
However, it must be borne in mind that the learned judge was utilising the
terminology concerned in the context of constructive trusts instead of with an
eye towards (as is the situation here) the criminal law in general and the Act
in particular. To this end, one will notice, for example (at [101] above),
that the learned judge _equates_ the doctrine of _wilful blindness_ with
_constructive_ knowledge. However, as we have already pointed out above, the
doctrine of wilful blindness, far from being a form of constructive knowledge,
is (in law) a form of _actual_ knowledge. This slight confusion in terminology
might also, with respect, have influenced Peter Gibson J’s own
characterisation of the third category of knowledge in _Baden_. In any event,
we are of the view that there is no difference in substance between the second
and third categories of knowledge in _Baden_ and would respectfully disagree
with Peter Gibson J to the extent that he suggests otherwise (see also M J
Brindle and R J A Hooley, “Does Constructive Knowledge Make a Constructive
Trustee?” (1987) 61 ALJ 281 at 289). Indeed, as the two writers aptly observe,
“[u]nder category (3), … [n]egligence is not sufficient” and … “[a]ctual or
‘Nelsonian’ knowledge must be shown” (see Brindle & Hooley, _supra_ , at 290).

135 In the light of the difficulties generated by an interpretation of _Baden_
as set out briefly in the preceding paragraph, the more helpful precedent, in
our view, is the decision in _Roper_ ([104] _supra_), where a clear and
practical distinction is drawn (as we have seen) between actual knowledge on
the one hand and constructive knowledge on the other – with the former
encompassing the doctrine of wilful blindness as well (see generally above at
[116]). This is, of course, consistent with the view of actual knowledge which
we have adopted in the present judgment. However, such an approach would
appear to be at variance with that adopted by the Singapore High Court in _PP
v Teo Ai Nee_ [1995] 2 SLR 69 at 83–84, [38]–[39], where Peter Gibson J’s
views in _Baden_ (at [101] above) were preferred to those of Devlin J in
_Roper_ (see at [116] above). It should, nevertheless, be noted that Yong Pung
How CJ did, in _PP v Teo Ai Nee_ , acknowledge that that particular case
related to the Copyright Act (Cap 63, 1988 Rev Ed, and presently Cap 63, 2006
Rev Ed) (“the Copyright Act”) which (in turn) concerned both civil and
criminal provisions, instead of merely criminal provisions which was the
situation in both _Roper_ as well as in the present appeal. That is one
salient point of distinction. Another – and perhaps more important – point of
distinction relates to the fact that the provisions concerned (_viz_ , ss
136(1)(_b_) and 136(2)(_a_) of the Copyright Act) contain the phrase “which he
knows, _or ought reasonably to know_ ” [emphasis added], thus _clearly (and
expressly) importing_ (_unlike_ s 18(2) of the Act) the concept of
_constructive_ knowledge into those particular provisions (see also GD at
[23]). Further, Yong CJ was only of the view (at 84, [39]) that “Peter Gibson
J’s views _might_ be preferred to Devlin J’s observations” [emphasis added].
However, to the extent the learned Chief Justice was of the view that
categories two to five in _Baden_ (see at [101] above) were more appropriately
characterised as instances of _constructive_ knowledge, we must, with the
greatest of respect, beg to differ for the reasons set out above (at [134]).

**_Conclusion_**

136 At this particular juncture, a _summary_ of the applicable principles of
law would be appropriate.

137 _First_ , although the statutory contexts under _Warner_ ([30] _supra_)
and under the Act are different, the explication by the House of Lords in
_Warner_ of the _general_ concept of _possession_ (which was adopted locally
in _Tan Ah Tee_ ([49] _supra_) and a myriad of other Singapore decisions) is
helpful and, in fact, supports the first interpretation of s 18(2) of the Act
to the effect that knowledge in s 18(2) is a reference to knowledge that the
drug concerned is a controlled drug.

138 _Secondly_ , there is a second interpretation which states that the
reference to knowledge in s 18(2) is _not only_ to a controlled drug _but
also_ to the _specific drug_ which it turns out the accused is in possession
of. The strongest arguments for this second interpretation are as follows.
First, there is the literal language of that provision. Secondly, because of
the possibility of harsh punishments (including the death penalty) being
imposed, even if it is argued that an ambiguity in the statutory language
exists, the fact of such ambiguity suggests that the benefit of the doubt
ought to be given to the accused. However, although the second interpretation
appears to us to be more persuasive, we express no conclusive view in this
particular appeal simply because this particular issue was not argued fully
before us.

139 _Thirdly_ , whilst the concept of knowledge in s 18(2) of the Act entails
_actual_ knowledge, the doctrine of _wilful blindness_ should also be
emphasised and is also included within the concept of knowledge in s 18(2)
simply because wilful blindness is the _legal equivalent_ of _actual_
knowledge. However, the reference, particularly in the court below, to the
various _theoretical_ degrees of knowledge is, in our view, unhelpful and
might even have an _adverse_ impact in the sphere of _practical_ application.
This brings us to a closely related point.

140 In so far as the doctrine of _wilful blindness_ is concerned, the evidence
required to be adduced by the accused to rebut the presumption of knowledge of
the nature of the controlled drug under s 18(2) of the Act is by no means a
mere formality, even though the standard required is the civil standard (of
proof on a balance of probabilities). Such an approach is not only just and
fair but is also consistent with the underlying policy of the Act itself.
However, we have also demonstrated that in situations where the accused truly
does not know the nature of the controlled drug in his or her possession, it
is clear that the accused _will_ be able to rebut the presumption of knowledge
of the nature of the controlled drug under s 18(2) on a balance of
probabilities. This will be the situation where, for example, the controlled
drugs in question were slipped into a package the accused was carrying without
his or her knowledge (see also above at [35] and [132]), or where the accused
is otherwise devoid of actual knowledge and finds himself or herself in a
situation in which the facts and circumstances do _not_ give rise to that
level of suspicion that would entail further investigation lest a finding of
wilful blindness results. All this, again, is consistent with the underlying
policy of the Act.

141 _Fourthly_ , therefore (and still on the issue of knowledge in s 18(2) of
the Act), whilst _general_ regard ought to be had to the concept of _actual_
knowledge (_including_ the doctrine of _wilful blindness_), the _main_ focus
ought always to be on the _specific or particular factual matrix_ in the case
at hand. The principal difficulty lies in the attempt to divine a universal
legal norm to _comprehensively_ govern what is essentially and, at bottom, a
_factual_ inquiry. This is not to state that, in certain areas of the law,
such an approach is inappropriate. _However_ , in a situation such as the
present, such an approach is less than satisfactory simply because the _focus_
is _primarily factual_ _and (more importantly) the permutations of the factual
matrices are too numerous, varied and complex_ to admit of a perfect legal
solution. It is, of course, axiomatic that a universal legal norm _is_
necessary. What, however, should be eschewed is the attempt to formulate a
universal legal norm that purports to _comprehensively_ govern the various
(and variegated) fact situations. This leads, as we shall see, to _excessive
refinements and fine distinctions that hinder (rather than facilitate) the
task at hand_. Indeed, that s 18(2) of the Act is formulated at a fairly high
level of generality is an acknowledgment of the danger just mentioned. In the
circumstances, the _universal_ norm with respect to knowledge in s 18(2) is
that it would encompass _actual_ knowledge in both its purest form _as well
as_ in the form of _wilful blindness_ and would apply to the _specific factual
matrix_ concerned – with the focus being, in the nature of things, on the
_latter_.

142 Having set out the relevant legal principles, we now turn to apply, in the
context of the present appeal, these principles to what we have just
emphasised is the most important aspect of cases of this nature – _the factual
matrix_.

Our decision

**_Introduction_**

143 The principal grounds of appeal centred on the various statements made as
well as (in the main) how these statements impacted on the state of knowledge
of the appellant in so far as s 18(2) of the Act was concerned.

**_The statements made by the appellant to Constable Phua and SI Ong_**

144 Counsel for the appellant, Mr Rengarajoo, argued that the statements
reproduced above at [12] and [15] were in fact exculpatory in nature and that
that was the reason why the appellant did not challenge them. It bears
repeating that although these statements were not reduced into writing, they
were adduced in evidence as part of the conversations between the appellant on
the one hand and Constable Phua and SI Ong, respectively, on the other, and
which (in turn) were subject to cross-examination.

145 The Judge in fact held that the procedural challenge tendered by the
appellant in so far as these statements were concerned was a mere afterthought
(see GD at [46]). Indeed, we note that the Judge had the opportunity of
assessing the credibility of the respective witnesses and there is no reason
why his finding in this regard should be overturned. We turn now to consider
the other substantive arguments that were made in the present appeal.

146 The issue that arose both in the court below as well as in the present
appeal centred on the legal effect of these statements.

147 It will be recalled that the statements contained references by the
appellant to the contents as “number 3”. Nevertheless, Mr Rengarajoo’s
argument was that the reference was not to “heroin number 3” but, rather,
simply to “number 3”.

148 The Judge held, in fact, that the appellant, by “[intimating]
unequivocally time and again that he knew that the drugs were called ‘number
3’ … knew full well that he was carrying heroin and his statements indicating
that the drugs were ‘number 3’ were not, by any stretch of the imagination,
benign references to the numerical digit three” (see GD at [52]).

149 It is also clear from the relevant testimony in the court below that
“number 3” is in fact a reference, in street talk or parlance, to heroin of a
particular grade. The evidence revealed (and the Judge in fact so found) that
there was, in this context, neither a grade 1 or 2, although there might be a
grade 4. Indeed, the Judge himself was at pains to clarify the significance of
the phrase “number 3”, particularly as it is understood in its _context_ (see
GD at [51]).

The following clarification from SI Ong is also instructive:[note: 11]

Court: Let me clarify the point once again for you and then you can decide.
Among drug users in Singapore or among those who traffic drugs, when they use
the word “number 3”, does that mean “heroin”?

Witness: _Yes_.

Court: And nothing else? No, “number 3” means “heroin”; it doesn’t mean any
other drug?

Witness: _That is so_.

[emphasis added]

Further, whilst such clarification was also sought by the Judge of Insp Teng,
it is of equal importance in relation to the _general_ point now being
considered in relation to Constable Phua’s and SI Ong’s oral statements. In
particular, Insp Teng clarified that there were different grades of heroin in
the (Singapore) market and that, as noted in the exchange below, “number 3 is
one of the grades”;[note: 12] and in response to a question from the court as
to what the other grades of heroin were, the following exchange is
instructive:[note: 13]

Court: Can I just clarify something with you, Insp Teng?

Witness: Yes, your Honour.

Court: He [the appellant] used the word, as you said, “ _peh hoon sar
tong_[sic]”, right?

Witness: “ _Peh hoon sar ho_ ”.

Court: “ _Sar ho_ ”. Now, what does “ _sar ho_ ” mean? Because if “ _peh hoon_
” already means heroin, why the “ _sar ho_ ”?

Witness: Your Honour, because there’s different grading of heroin in the
market, so you got different grading, so **_number 3 is one of the grades_**.

Court: What are the other grades?

Witness: **_The common_** [_sic_] **_in Singapore_** would be grade number 4
_and_ **_grade number 3_**.

Court: And there’s grade 1 and 2 as well?

Witness: Not--I haven’t encountered them, your Honour.

…

Court: And when you use these different grades like number 3 or number 4,
other than heroin, would you use the grades in relation to other types of
drugs like opium or cannabis or _ganja_?

Witness: **_Your Honour, from what I know, there’s no grading for cannabis or
ketamine, that sort of drugs_**.

Court: Right. So do you use--**_the word “number 3” in isolation_** , what
would that **_mean to you_**?

Witness: **_If it is just a “number 3” without anything, then_** [_sic_]
_**doesn’t mean anything to me**._

Court: Suppose someone were to point a packet of powder, yellow or white, and
say this is number 3, would that have any significance?

Witness: Your Honour, I would then clarify with him, “What do you mean by
number 3?” Because number 3 doesn’t really mean anything.

Court: **_But heroin is the only drug used on the streets which has a number
attached to it to signify purity?_**

Witness: **_This is from my limited knowledge, your Honour_**.

[emphasis added in bold italics]

In a similar vein, the following responses from ASP Herman (during
examination-in-chief by the prosecution counsel) are also instructive: [note:
14]

Q: Now, witness, how long have you been with the Central Narcotics Bureau?

A: Your Honour, I have been with CNB for 8 years.

Q: Now, based on your knowledge of the drug scene in Singapore, can you tell
the Court what are the types of heroin that are commonly available in
Singapore?

A: Your Honour, the local addicts abuse heroin number 3, what we call heroin
number 3 in Singapore.

Court: Sorry? The local---

Witness: Heroin number 3, they call it “number 3”.

Court: No, what did you say before that? Local addicts?

Witness: They consume heroin number 3.

Court: Do you know why it’s called “heroin number 3”?

Witness: No, Sir.

Q: Besides heroin number 3, are there any other kinds of heroin that you have
come across or that are in circulation in Singapore?

A: I have not seen heroin number 4 in circulation in Singapore but I have been
involved in operation where heroin number 4 was seized. This is a purer form
of heroin than heroin number 3.

Q: And, witness, are there heroin number 1 and number 2 as far as you know?

A: As far as I know, I have not come across number 1 and number 2, your
Honour.

[emphasis added]

150 The following observations by the then Minister for Home Affairs and
Education, Mr Chua Sian Chin, during the Second Reading of the Misuse of Drugs
(Amendment) Bill are also relevant (see _Singapore Parliamentary Debates,
Official Report_ (20 November 1975) vol 34 at col 1383):

_The heroin that is commonly used by drug abusers and addicts in Singapore is
referred to as Heroin No. 3._ This is currently sold in little plastic phials,
at $32 per phial. It is usually mixed with other substances in the proportions
of about 40% pure heroin and 60% adulterants. Each phial contains about 0.8
grammes of the mixed substance. Therefore, a person will only be in danger of
receiving the death penalty if he has in his possession some 37.5 grammes of
adulterated heroin which contains 40% of pure heroin. This works out to 47
phials. And it costs about $1,500 to buy this amount at the current retail
price. [emphasis added]

151 The issue that now arises is whether or not the Judge was correct in
holding that the appellant had clearly understood that “number 3” was the
street name for heroin and that, in the circumstances, therefore, the
appellant knew that he was carrying heroin. In our view, the fact that it is
objectively the case that “number 3” is the street name for heroin does not
_necessarily_ conclude the matter in favour of the respondent inasmuch as we
are concerned here with the appellant’s subjective knowledge, albeit assessed
on an objective basis. The relevant facts before us reveal that while it is
acknowledged that the appellant is not a known drug abuser or addict, he must
be taken to have some knowledge of drugs, given the circumstances surrounding
the manner in which he came into possession of the drugs in the context of the
present appeal, which have been set out at the commencement of this judgment.

152 Mr Rengarajoo did, however, also argue that SI Ong did not ask the
appellant whether he knew he was carrying heroin or if he knew that “number 3”
was in fact heroin. With respect, we do not find this argument persuasive.
There was no duty on the part of SI Ong to ask these questions . As we
observed in the preceding paragraph, an objective approach has to be adopted.

153 In this regard, and returning to the issue posed at [151] above, we note,
first, that the appellant is not (as we have noted (again, at [151] above)) a
known drug abuser. However, it was clear (as we have also noted) that he had
some knowledge of controlled drugs. We note, in particular, his claim that he
had only intended to carry ecstasy (which offence does not carry the death
penalty). Nevertheless, we were of the view that to then conclude that the
appellant must have known the much more specific proposition to the effect
that “number 3” _alone_ was the street name for heroin was not _clearly_
warranted on the facts, bearing in mind the fact that the criminal standard of
proof entails proof beyond a reasonable doubt. Although we were initially
inclined towards accepting the Judge’s analysis (see at [148] above) to the
effect that the appellant, by intimating time and again that he knew that the
drugs he was carrying were called “number 3” and that, consequently, he knew
full well that he was carrying heroin, it was not entirely clear that,
notwithstanding the fact that most persons in the drug trade would probably
know that “number 3” _alone_ is the street name for heroin, this would also be
general knowledge for persons in the _appellant’s_ shoes. We therefore, albeit
with some reluctance, find in favour of the appellant on this particular
point. We say “with some reluctance” because it was clear, as we have already
noted, that the appellant was no babe in the woods, having, _inter alia_ ,
some knowledge of drugs and having in fact sought out the opportunity to
transport drugs (albeit, as claimed by the appellant himself, not those which
carried the death penalty).

154 However, this does not mean that the appellant did not need to take
further steps in the context of the doctrine of _wilful blindness_ – a point
which we deal with below (at [156]).

155 Returning, however, to the issue of _actual_ knowledge (as opposed to its
other legal variant in the form of the doctrine of wilful blindness), it was,
in our view and for the reasons given above (especially at [153]), _not_
clear, based _only_ on the appellant’s own oral statements to both Constable
Phua and SI Ong, that he in fact knew that “number 3” _alone_ referred, in
effect, to “ _heroin_ number 3”. _However_ , we must emphasise that this
particular conclusion is based _only_ on these oral statements. As we shall
see below (especially at [158] and [171]), when these statements are read
_together with_ _the written statement recorded by Insp Teng_ , the conclusion
is the _exact opposite_ (_ie_ , that the appellant _did_ have _actual_
knowledge that the drugs he was carrying consisted of heroin).

156 Furthermore, even on our finding that the appellant did not have actual
knowledge that the drugs he was carrying consisted of heroin (based, it should
be emphasised, _solely_ on the appellant’s statements to Constable Phua and SI
Ong), this is not the end of the matter, simply because there could be _wilful
blindness_ instead (which is the legal equivalent of actual knowledge (see at
[123] above)). It is clear, on the evidence, that the appellant _clearly_
_suspected_ that the drugs he was carrying were heroin. It was for this reason
that the appellant did not pursue the matter further with Uncle, lest he
(Uncle) confirm beyond peradventure that the drugs (which were said to be
“number 3”) were in fact heroin. It will be recalled that the appellant stated
that Uncle had merely held up three fingers in response to his question as to
what the packets he (the appellant) was being strapped with contained (see at
[7] above). It will also be recalled that when the appellant then told Uncle
that it was “a lot”, Uncle disagreed and used his fingers to indicate seven.
Even at this juncture, it will be noticed that there is a discrepancy in the
appellant’s own evidence as to what transpired between him and Uncle. It is
clear that the appellant was attributing the quantitative element to the
numbers which Uncle had indicated (here “three” and “seven”, respectively)
(see also GD at [52]). However, it is equally clear that given the discrepancy
in Uncle’s response within that brief moment, it was not reasonable to
attribute the quantitative element to both his answers, as the appellant
claimed. It is a reasonable inference, in our view, that the second response
(“seven”) was quantitative in nature, whereas the first (“three”) was
qualitative in nature inasmuch as it referred to the specific type as well as
grade of the drug itself (here, “heroin number three”). Be that as it may,
even if we assume an ambiguity, that ambiguity cried out for clarification.
Yet, the appellant, according to his own testimony, did not follow-up with
Uncle in this regard. Indeed, given (according to the appellant’s own
evidence) Uncle’s extreme reluctance to elucidate the matter (which even
bordered on caginess), a person in the appellant’s shoes would have had his or
her suspicions aroused as it was clear that something was certainly amiss.
This was a clear situation where following-up was not only desirable, but
absolutely imperative, especially given the possible – and ultimate – sanction
of the death penalty. Indeed, if satisfactory answers were not forthcoming
from Uncle, a person in the appellant’s shoes still had the choice to abandon
the deal they had altogether. However, it is unnecessary for us to even go so
far. It is clear, as we have already noted, that the appellant did not follow-
up with Uncle at all. Hence, even according the appellant’s evidence the
broadest latitude, it is clear that, _at the very least_ , the appellant was
guilty of _wilful blindness_ : He had deliberately refrained from making
further inquiries and, hence turned a blind eye to what he believed to be the
truth in order to avoid obtaining certain knowledge of that truth (that the
drugs were such as would attract the death penalty).

157 Our view on this issue is also buttressed by the findings by the Judge in
the court below. In this regard, the Judge observed thus (see GD at [55]):

Even if I was wrong to hold that Tan knew (and/or has failed to disprove that
he knew) that he was importing heroin, I was persuaded that he had been
wilfully blind to the obvious fact that he was carrying heroin. The picture
portrayed by the evidence is that of a man desperately in need of money. He
approached, without instigation or encouragement, his friend to ask for
_lobangs_ in the drug trafficking business. He claims to have asked only to be
involved in the trafficking of Ecstasy within Malaysia; but this alone
inherently demonstrates both knowledge of the assortment of drugs available
and of the potential severity of punishment for smuggling drugs into
Singapore. Yet, despite his professed willingness to traffic only drugs that
would attract a lower sentence, he did not flinch when Uncle purportedly
responded by holding up three fingers when he asked what drugs he was
carrying. It may be reasonably inferred from the fact that he was prepared to
traffic Ecstasy that he knew what Ecstasy looked like. Moreover, he admitted
during cross-examination that he read the newspapers regularly enough to know
that trafficking heroin attracted the death penalty. Tan must have known that
the yellowish powder could not have been Ecstasy; he even accepted it was
“number 3”. That Tan did not press on with his inquiry concerning the nature
of the drug even while he asked a barrage of other questions regarding how he
was going to carry so many packets of drugs, whether he looked too bulky
because of the drugs, and where he was supposed to deliver them to, _inter
alia_ , shows that if he did not already know that he was carrying heroin, he
was virtually certain that it was heroin but wilfully chose to turn a blind
eye. This is not a case of a trafficker recklessly or negligently relying on
an assurance that the drugs were not serious; Uncle had given what Tan himself
understood as an _affirmative_ indication that the drugs were “number 3”
drugs. The inexorable inferences from all these facts is that Tan must have
known clearly, or else, at the very least, chose to be wilfully blind to the
fact that he was importing heroin. [emphasis in original]

We would only disagree with one particular aspect of the above observations:
That the appellant was “virtually certain” that the drugs concerned were
heroin “but wilfully chose to turn a blind eye”. As we have explained in some
detail above (at [127] and [129]), whilst the highest level of suspicion would
result in “virtual certainty”, this particular level of suspicion is _not_
required before the doctrine of wilful blindness can be triggered. Whilst much
would turn on the precise facts before the court, one must – and this cannot
be emphasised enough – _not_ equate virtual certainty (which is either, or at
least borders on, actual knowledge in its purest form (see also _per_ Yong CJ
in _Koo Pui Fong_ , set out at [103] above)) with that of the level of
suspicion that is a threshold element under the doctrine of wilful blindness.

158 However, it is important, at this juncture, to emphasise once again that
we have hitherto considered _only_ the statements made by the appellant to
Constable Phua and SI Ong (see also at [155] above). Whilst, as we have seen,
these statements _themselves_ demonstrate _wilful blindness_ on the part of
the appellant, it is equally important to note that these statements must also
be read _in context_. In particular, they were _not the only_ statements made
by the appellant. To this end, they must be read together with the written
statement recorded by Insp Teng. Indeed, as we shall see, this particular
written statement _itself_ demonstrates that the appellant had _actual_
knowledge that the drugs he was carrying consisted of heroin. This finding
also throws light, simultaneously, on the statements made by the appellant to
Constable Phua and SI Ong inasmuch as it clearly demonstrates that the
appellant _knew_ that “number 3” was in fact heroin.

To _summarise_ , the statements made by the appellant to Constable Phua and SI
Ong were sufficient to establish _wilful blindness_ on the part of the
appellant (which is the _legal equivalent of actual knowledge_ on his part
that the drugs he was carrying consisted of heroin). _In any event_ , we shall
see that the written statement recorded by Insp Teng demonstrates _actual_
knowledge on the part of the appellant that the drugs he was carrying
consisted of heroin and simultaneously demonstrates that the reference by the
appellant in his statements to Constable Phua and SI Ong to “number 3” was, in
fact, a reference to “ _heroin_ number 3”. In the circumstances, it is of the
first importance to turn now to the written statement recorded by Insp Teng.

**_The written statement recorded by Insp Teng_**

159 Mr Rengarajoo argued that the appellant never said (contrary to Insp
Teng’s testimony at the trial itself) the words “ _peh hoon_ ” to Insp Teng.
Mr Rengarajoo stated that all that the appellant had stated to Insp Teng were
the words “number three powder”, which was consistent with what he had said
earlier to Constable Phua and SI Ong. In other words, Mr Regarajoo argued that
it was _Insp Teng_ , and not the appellant, who had translated, used and
recorded the word “heroin” in the appellant’s statement.

160 We are unable to accept the appellant’s version as set out in the
preceding paragraph.

161 Indeed, the Judge held, in fact, that the appellant’s suggestion to the
effect that Insp Teng had put the (additional) word “heroin” in the
appellant’s mouth was both “belated” and “entirely improbable” (see GD at
[48]). The Judge further held that from the testimony given by the appellant
at the trial, the statement concerned had been accurately explained by Insp
Teng to him (the appellant) (see _ibid_). The Judge had also held that the
appellant’s own testimony further demonstrated that he had not unequivocally
denied knowledge of what he was carrying and that he had not claimed that Insp
Teng had used the word “heroin” in any of his (Insp Teng’s) questions (see
_ibid_). On the contrary, the Judge found that the appellant had acknowledged
that Insp Teng had read the statement back to him and, in the statement, the
appellant had admitted that the drugs were “heroin number 3” and, yet, he had
voluntarily signed this particular statement (see _ibid_). Further, the
appellant “was no simpleton” and “had passed his “O” level exams, even
managing a pass mark for English” (see _ibid_). The Judge, in fact, held that
this particular statement “[amounted] to a conclusive statement [by the
appellant] that he knew he was carrying heroin” (see GD at [53]).

162 Mr Rengarajoo argued before us that the Judge had erred in making the
above findings. With respect, we are unable to agree.

163 There was clearly a dispute at trial with respect to what the appellant
had said to Insp Teng. It was one witness’s word against the other’s. It
naturally follows, therefore, that the _credibility_ of the respective
witnesses would play a crucial role as to which version the Judge ultimately
believed. And the Judge in fact held that he had “found Insp Teng, who gave
his evidence in a direct and forthright manner, a credible witness” and
accepted “his testimony that he had not suggested the Hokkien equivalent of
heroin when he recorded Tan’s responses to his initial queries” (GD at [49]).
We reiterate the point made earlier in this judgment (at [22]) that an
appellate court would, in such circumstances, be slow to interfere with the
findings of the trial judge.

164 However, in attacking the findings on this particular issue before us, Mr
Rengarajoo argued that the Judge had not first resolved the issue as to
whether the appellant had indeed said the word “ _peh hoon_ ” and that unless
this issue was resolved, the Judge could not have then proceeded to find that
Insp Teng had accurately translated and explained to the appellant that “ _peh
hoon_ ” meant “heroin”. Such an argument is, in substance, an attack on a
finding of fact by the trial judge which (once again) centred heavily on the
credibility of the respective witnesses. Having looked closely at the
available evidence as well as at the transcript of proceedings, we are of the
view, with respect, that Mr Rengarajoo has not demonstrated why this
particular finding by the Judge (that the appellant _had_ said the word “ _peh
hoon_ ” to Insp Teng) was in error. It is also significant, in our view, that
“ _peh hoon_ ” is a Hokkien term and that the appellant in fact chose to
render his statement to Insp Teng in Hokkien (indeed, this is not surprising
as the appellant had himself admitted, under cross-examination, that he
understood Hokkien well[note: 15]). Further, although this particular
statement[note: 16] was recorded in English, it was subsequently read over and
explained to the appellant in Hokkien before the appellant himself signed it
(declining the invitation to make any amendment to it). We also note this
statement was made only approximately two hours after the appellant’s arrest
at the Woodlands checkpoint.

165 Mr Rengarajoo nevertheless had yet another string to his legal bow: He
argued that “ _peh hoon_ ” (which, as we have pointed out above, is a Hokkien
word) did _not_ mean heroin. He referred to the observation of Yong Pung How
CJ in the Singapore decision of _Lee Yuan Kwang_ ([121] _supra_ at 354, [7]),
where the learned Chief Justice had indicated that “ _peh hoon_ ” meant
“drugs” in Hokkien. With respect, however, this particular observation should
not be taken out of context. Indeed, the court in that case was _not_ (unlike
the court in the present appeal) dealing with the _specific_ meaning of “ _peh
hoon_ ” as such.

166 More importantly, the following exchange between Mr Rengarajoo and Insp
Teng during the former’s cross-examination of the latter at the trial is
instructive:[note: 17]

Q: Witness, the word “ _peh hoon_ ” means, you heard, it is “white powder”,
right? It’s white powder; that’s the literal meaning of “ _peh hoon_ ”. “
_Peh_ ” means white, I think, “ _hoon_ ” is powder, right? Now, why didn’t you
put it as “white powder”?

A: Your Honour, _because “peh hoon” is**a street language that everyone knows
that it stands for “heroin”, your Honour**._

[emphasis added in bold italics]

167 Insp Teng’s response as reproduced above is significant. It re-emphasises
the obvious and commonsensical point that any words uttered by the appellant
must be construed in _context_. Mr Rengarajoo was correct in pointing out
that, in a _literal_ translation from Hokkien to English, the phrase “ _peh
hoon_ ” means “white powder”. However, such a _literal_ translation obscures
the _true meaning_ of this phrase which can only be derived from the _context_
in which such a phrase is used. It is clear, from the context, that the phrase
“ _peh hoon_ ” was simply the _Hokkien_ term for _heroin_. This is a radically
different situation from one where the phrase “number 3” is involved as
(unlike the phrase “number 3”) the phrase “ _peh hoon_ ” clearly has currency
of meaning in the broader societal context. Further, as the respondent
correctly pointed out, the appellant speaks Hokkien and had, in fact, used
this very term (_viz_ , “ _peh hoon_ ”) in his statement recorded pursuant to
s 122(6) of the CPC, when referring to the knowledge of the taxi driver (which
statement is considered below at [175]).

168 Mr Rengarajoo also attempted to argue that the phrase “ _peh hoon_ ”
merely meant illegal drugs in powdery form. Again, we find such an argument to
be too vague and general. The meaning of the phrase “ _peh hoon_ ” had to be
ascertained against the backdrop of the _specific context_ and that this (in
turn) entailed looking at what was commonly understood as “ _peh hoon_ ”.
Further, when the phrases are taken together (_viz_ , “ _peh hoon sar ho_ ”),
it is clear that, viewed in _context_ , the reference was clearly to _heroin_.

169 Mr Rengarajoo also argued that even if the appellant had made this
statement recorded by Insp Teng (in particular that part containing the
sentence, “I believed it is heroin number 3.”) this was because, by the time
he met Insp Teng, he (the appellant) had already known the nature of the drugs
from observing what the officers had said. More specifically, Mr Rengarajoo
argued that when the appellant signed this particular statement, the appellant
was, in all probability, under the misguided impression that the statement was
meant to reflect his knowledge at the point in time when he signed the
statement and not at the point in time when he had agreed to bring the drugs
into Singapore – by which time the appellant had, as just mentioned, knowledge
of the drugs from observing what the officers had said. With respect, we find
this argument wholly unpersuasive. If the situation had been as the appellant
had maintained it was, he ought _not_ to have signed the statement and ought,
instead, to have _protested_. This would have been the natural course of
action for the appellant to have adopted.

170 Mr Rengarajoo also argued that Insp Teng did not ask the appellant whether
he knew he was carrying heroin or if he knew “number 3” was in fact heroin.
With respect, we see no reason why Insp Teng should have adopted this course
of action, especially in the light of our findings which have just been set
out above.

171 In the circumstances, it is clear, based on this particular written
statement recorded by Insp Teng (and even if we do not take into account any
other statement made by the appellant), that the appellant had _actual_
knowledge that the drugs he was carrying consisted of heroin. It also follows,
as we have pointed out at [158] above, that when the appellant referred to
“number 3” in his statements to Constable Phua and SI Ong, this was in fact a
reference to “ _heroin_ number 3”. Indeed, given our finding that the
appellant had _actual_ knowledge that the drugs he was carrying consisted of
heroin, there is in fact _no need_ for this court to rely on the _presumption_
under s 18(2) of the Act (set out at [19] and [54] above). As we have observed
earlier in this judgment, the appellant would not even be required to rebut
the presumption that he had actual knowledge of the nature of the drug
because, on the _evidence_ , it was clear that he _had actual_ knowledge of
the nature of the drug (see above at [98]).

**_The written statements recorded by ASP Herman_**

172 The written statements recorded by ASP Herman comprised, first, a
statement recorded pursuant to s 122(6) of the CPC, as well as three other
statements recorded on other separate occasions (as noted above at [17]). Once
again, we note that the appellant gave the statements in Hokkien and that,
whilst the statements were recorded in English, they were each read over and
explained to him in Hokkien before he signed them (after declining the
invitations, each time, to make any amendments to them) (see also at [164]
above).

173 The Judge held – correctly, in our view – that in none of the statements
referred to in the preceding paragraph did the appellant state the critical
fact that he did not know what he was carrying (see GD at [54]). On the
contrary, the appellant stated, instead, that the taxi driver did not know
about the “ _peh hoon_ ” (see also the next paragraph).[note: 18] The Judge
held – again, correctly, in our view – that, in those circumstances, the
appellant had thereby implicitly affirmed his knowledge that the drugs were
indeed heroin (see GD at [54]). We also agree with the Judge’s conclusion that
the appellant’s argument that he understood “ _peh hoon_ ” to mean “white
powder” (instead of heroin) to be contrived (see _ibid_). Indeed, the Judge
found that, at the trial itself, the appellant had _conceded_ that he “roughly
knew” that “ _peh hoon_ ” was a reference (in Hokkien) to _heroin_ (see GD
_ibid_). In the appellant’s own words:[note: 19]

I roughly knew about it but I did not understand it fully.

174 Once again, the Judge’s assessment of the credibility of the various
witnesses (in particular, the appellant) is of obvious importance.

175 Mr Rengarajoo argued, in particular, that the Judge had erred in holding
that the appellant should have stated that he was innocent in the long
statement recorded by ASP Herman when the appellant had never been asked what
“number 3” was or whether he was importing heroin. Likewise, Mr Rengarajoo
argued that the Judge had erred in holding that the appellant should have
stated in his statements that he was ignorant of the precise nature of the
drugs when the appellant had never been asked what “number 3” was at all
material times and that the appellant could not be faulted for merely
narrating what Uncle had told him (_viz_ , “number 3”). With respect, we find
no merit in these arguments. Given the immense gravity of the offence (which
the appellant clearly knew about by the time the relevant statements were made
by him to ASP Herman), any person in the appellant’s shoes would have stated
that he or she was innocent and that he or she did not know the precise nature
of the drugs (see also _Yeoh Aik Wei v PP_ ([60] _supra_ at [13]). On the
contrary, as the Judge himself observed, the appellant was, instead, at pains
to exculpate the taxi driver instead. Indeed, in the only words uttered in his
statement made under s 122(6) of the CPC,[note: 20] the appellant said:

The driver does not know anything about the pei hoon.

In a similar vein, in his further statement recorded on 22 August 2005,[note:
21] the appellant stated thus:

I wish to say that this is the first time I saw the taxi driver. He is not
related to this case. He was just earning some money to drive me around as a
pirate taxi driver.

And in a yet further statement recorded on 25 August 2005,[note: 22] the
appellant said:

From my conversation with Ah Beng the taxi driver, I discern that he was just
operating an unlicensed taxi business and he was just trying to earn a living.
There is no reason for him to pick me up if he knows I am carrying drugs.

While the appellant did claim that he had wanted to “end the matter fast” as
the taxi driver had been grumbling that he had been dragged into the entire
matter by the appellant,[note: 23] this still did not explain why the
appellant did not also seek to exculpate himself after he knew he was being
charged for an offence relating to heroin and which carried the death penalty.
Indeed, in his evidence at trial, he said that if he had known that it was
heroin, he would definitely have run away.[note: 24] The appellant did also
claim that he was very tired[note: 25] but, again, given the gravity of the
situation, no reasonable explanation was given by him as to why he had said
nothing to exculpate himself. All this is, at the very least, consistent with
the appellant having actual knowledge that the drugs he was carrying consisted
of heroin.

**_Conclusion_**

176 We find that, on the objective evidence before us, it is clear beyond a
reasonable doubt that the appellant not only knew that he was carrying
controlled drugs but also that he had _actual_ knowledge that those controlled
drugs he was carrying consisted of heroin. We should add that the appellant’s
argument to the effect that he had been paid a pittance was neither here nor
there. Indeed, his acceptance of the sum offered to him merely underscored the
fact (which the appellant himself admitted) that he (the appellant) was in
dire and desperate financial straits. Such an action is also consistent with
the appellant’s professed ignorance of the respective values of the various
controlled drugs. These points were, in fact, also noted by the Judge (GD at
[59]); in addition, the Judge also noted (correctly, in our view) the fact
“[t]hat the first – and only – mention of a fee surfaced while Uncle was
strapping the drugs unto [the appellant] signifies that there was no genuine
attempt whatsoever to negotiate a fee for transporting the drugs” (see GD at
[60]). The following further general observations by the Judge are also, in
our view, apposite (see _ibid_):

In the absence of other compelling evidence (such as a course of negotiation,
or a custom dictating a certain price for certain drugs), the price at which a
courier is willing to traffic drugs is rarely (if ever) a barometer to signal
that the courier did not know the nature of the drugs he was trafficking.

Conclusion

177 The underlying policy of the Act has already been dealt with in some
detail above. As we have seen, this policy has (naturally) shaped this court’s
interpretation of s 18(2) of the Act. A _coda_ might, at this juncture, be
appropriate in order to correct the popular – yet wholly erroneous and
simplistic – perception that somehow individual rights have (in the light of
the Act) somehow gone by the board.

178 It should be noted that the Act itself is only one method (albeit a very
major one) of dealing with the problem of drug abuse. As the Minister of Law,
Prof S Jayakumar, put it during the Second Reading of the Bill which was
ultimately passed as the Misuse of Drugs (Amendment) Act 1998 (No of 1998)
(see _Singapore Parliamentary Debates, Official Report_ (1 June 1998) vol 69
at col 47):

The overall drug situation may be under control today, but we must never rest
on our laurels. However, _in addition to_ tough laws and strict enforcement, I
wish to assure Members [of Parliament] that my Ministry would continue to
focus on preventive drug education, treatment, rehabilitation and aftercare of
recovering addicts who are amenable to change. Only adopting a comprehensive
approach towards drugs would we eradicate the drug problem in Singapore.
[emphasis added]

179 More importantly, whilst safeguarding the rights of the accused according
to law is vital, it must not be forgotten that that it is equally vital to
safeguard the rights of persons in the wider community whose lives would be
ruined if controlled drugs such as those involved in the present proceedings
had found their way into their hands (see also generally above at [27]–[28]).
Indeed, the potentially horrendous consequences in the present context were
noted by the Judge himself (see GD at [65]):

The quantum of heroin involved in hardly insubstantial. With _a street value
of some $900,000_ it carries with it the potential to ruin many lives and to
cause incalculable pain and misery to the wider community. [emphasis added]

180 And it is not only the lives of drug abusers and consumers which would be
ruined. The social cost arising from the profoundly deleterious effects that
would inevitably permeate the lives of their respective families must also be
taken into account (and are also embodied in the Judge’s observations above).

181 The sharp dichotomy often drawn between individual rights on the one hand
and majoritarian goals on the other (often encompassed within the rubric of
“the public interest”) is, in this particular context at least, a fallacy. The
public interest is not, as we have just seen, a mere abstract or theoretical
concept. In this particular context, it encompasses a situation where drugs
impact (in the most adverse manner possible) actual lives in real space and
time – with (in many instances) equally adverse consequences for the future as
well. The _individual_ lives of affected members of the public are, indeed,
_very real_. _These_ persons possess _individual rights_ that are safeguarded
by the provisions of the Act (see also at [75] above). We must never lose
sight of this reality.

182 Looked at from another perspective, the present proceedings also deal with
the _appellant’s_ legal responsibility for his actions under the relevant
provisions of the Act. As has been noted by the Judge, it is tragic that the
appellant’s dire financial straits drove him – in part, probably in large part
– to do what he did. However, each individual must take legal responsibility
for his or her own actions. Unpleasant and painful though it is, this court
has no choice but to decide on the issue of the appellant’s legal liability
according to the law as applied to the relevant facts of the case itself. We
had no choice but to find, on the evidence, that the appellant knew or was at
least wilfully blind to the fact that he was transporting heroin. He had
therefore not succeeded in rebutting the presumption (under s 18(2) of the
Act) that he knew the nature of the drug concerned. Indeed, there was no need
to invoke this presumption in the first instance. The respondent has, in the
circumstances, proven its case against the appellant beyond a reasonable
doubt.

183 In the premises, we dismissed the appeal.

  

* * *

[note: 1] PS 8.

[note: 2] _Record of Proceedings_ vol 1 pp 33-34.

[note: 3] _Record of Proceedings_ vol 3 p 39.

[note: 4] _Record of Proceedings_ vol 3 p 39.

[note: 5] PS 14.

[note: 6] _Record of Proceedings_ vol 1 pp 59-60.

[note: 7] _Record of Proceedings_ vol 3 pp 41 – 43.

[note: 8] _Record of Proceedings_ vol 3 pp 45 – 50.

[note: 9] _Record of Proceedings_ vol 3 pp 51 – 55.

[note: 10] _Record of Proceedings_ vol 3 p 56.

[note: 11] _Record of Proceedings_ vol 1 p 64.

[note: 12] _Record of Proceedings_ vol 1 p 97.

[note: 13] _Record of Proceedings_ vol 1 pp 97–98.

[note: 14] _Record of Proceedings_ vol 1 p 139.

[note: 15] _Record of Proceedings_ vol 2 p 199.

[note: 16] See P37.

[note: 17] _Record of Proceedings_ vol 1 p 95.

[note: 18] See P60.

[note: 19] _Record of Proceedings_ vol 2 p 221.

[note: 20] See P60.

[note: 21] See P63.

[note: 22] See P64.

[note: 23] _Record of Proceedings_ vol 2 p 194.

[note: 24] _Record of Proceedings_ vol 2 p 218.

[note: 25] _Record of Proceedings_ vol 2 pp 185, 195 and 227.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 28 Sep 2007 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

