Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## BCH Retail Investment Pte Ltd v Chief Assessor  
[2007] SGCA 15

Case Number | : | CA 97/2006  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 09 March 2007  
Tribunal/Court | : | Court of Appeal  
Coram | : |  Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA; Judith Prakash J; Tay Yong Kwang J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Tan Kay Kheng and Teo Lay Khoon (Wong Partnership) for the appellant; Foo Hui Min and Joyce Chee (Inland Revenue Authority of Singapore) for the respondent   
Parties | : |  BCH Retail Investment Pte Ltd — Chief Assessor   
  
Revenue Law – Property tax – Annual value – Whether all reasonable advertising
and promotion expenses incurred in relation to commercial property may be
deducted from gross rental of such property in ascertaining annual value for
purposes of property tax – Section 2 Property Tax Act (Cap 254, 1997 Rev Ed)  
  

9 March 2007 |  Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA (delivering the judgment of the court):

**Introduction**

1 This is an appeal by BCH Retail Investment Pte Ltd (“the appellant”) against
the decision of the trial judge (“the Judge”) holding, _inter alia_ , that the
Chief Assessor of Property Tax (“the respondent”) had been entitled not to
allow a “deduction” (the significance of the use of this terminology would be
apparent later) of all reasonable advertising and promotion (“A&P”) expenses
incurred in relation to the premises known as Parco Bugis Junction (“the
Property”) from the gross sums paid by the tenants of the Property when it
assessed the Property’s annual value under s 2 of the Property Tax Act (Cap
254, 1997 Rev Ed) (“the Act”) for the purposes of property tax payable by and
due from the appellant (see _BCH Retail Investment Pte Ltd v Chief Assessor_
[2006] 4 SLR 73) (“the GD”).

**The facts**

2 The facts before us are uncomplicated and engender no real dispute. The
appellant is a Singapore-incorporated company which was, at all material
times, the owner of the Property. The Property had, at the time, been sub-
divided into various units and let to 173 tenants. All the tenants of the
Property had entered into respective lease agreements with the appellant
contracting to pay a monthly sum comprising the following four components:

(a) “Basic rent”, comprising a fixed sum payable monthly and computed on the
basis of the number of square metres taken up by the tenant;

(b) “Additional rent”, comprising an agreed percentage of the tenant’s gross
sales;

(c) “Tenant’s contribution”, which comprised the tenant’s contribution towards
the expenses for cleaning and maintenance; and

(d) “Advertising and Promotional Contribution” (“the tenants’ A&P
contributions”), which was payable in relation to advertising and promotion
expenses incurred by the appellant.

3 For the purposes of this judgment, the sum of the basic and additional rents
(_ie_ , (a) and (b) in [2] above) together with the tenants’ A&P contributions
(_ie_ , (d) in [2] above) shall be collectively referred to as “gross rental”.

4 The present appeal arose from the respondent’s decision to reject the
appellant’s annual returns for assessment for Financial Year 2003, in
particular, the appellant’s calculation of the appropriate annual value of the
Property for the purposes of property tax. In arriving at its calculation of
the annual value of the Property, the appellant had deducted its actual A&P
expenditure, namely some $2,591,707 (“the actual expenditure”), from the gross
rental. The respondent contended that the appellant was only entitled to
deduct the aggregate of the tenants’ A&P contributions, a sum of $591,677, and
rendered an assessment of the tax payable on that basis. For convenience, we
shall term the difference between the actual expenditure and the tenants’ A&P
contributions collected as “the excess expenditure”.

5 So as to put the consequent discussion in its appropriate context, we pause
briefly here to note that this represents the second time that these parties
have wound up in court in relation to the appropriate methodology to be
utilised in ascertaining the annual value of the Property. In 2002, the
parties had appeared before Lee Seiu Kin JC (as he then was) (“Lee JC”) who
had to decide whether the appellant should be allowed to deduct the tenants’
A&P contributions from the gross rental in assessing the annual value of the
Property for the purpose of levying property tax.

6 Lee JC noted that as the annual value of a property concerned the use and
occupation of the heritable subject, a distinction should be made between
_rent_ and the cost of the provision of such amenities in the determination of
annual value. Observing that the cost of provision of services should not be
included in the annual value of a property, he then proceeded to hold that the
tenants’ A&P contributions, being analogous to payment for such essential
services, should similarly not to be included for the purposes of computing
the annual value (see _BCH Retail Investments Pte Ltd v Chief Assessor_ [2002]
4 SLR 844 (“ _BCH No 1_ ”)). As he reasoned (at [17]):

It is well known that in order for a shopping centre to be successful in these
times it has to continually maintain or even renew its image and attractions.
This is achieved principally through advertising in various media combined
with the holding of a variety of promotions. This would implant in the mind of
the public an awareness of the shopping centre and attract shoppers to the
premises. Such expenditure is usually of a continuing nature, especially in
view of the keen competition between shopping centres. The successful
implementation of A&P activities could go a long way in attracting custom to
the shops in the premises thus raising the profitability of those shops and in
turn the rent that the landlord would be able to charge upon the renewal of
the leases. Therefore such services are probably as essential to the tenants
as the traditional ones such as watching, cleaning and air-conditioning. In my
view the principles of valuation should take into account modern developments
so as not to stifle business innovation and creativity.

7 Having found therefore that, in principle, such contributions should not be
included in any computation for the purpose of determining annual value, in
addressing the Chief Assessor’s contention in that case that such deductions
had to be based on _bona fide_ contributions, Lee JC proceeded to observe as
follows ([6] _supra_ at [18]):

The Chief Assessor raised the issue, if the A&P contributions were allowed to
be deducted, of the evidence necessary to show that these were bona fide A&P
contributions. But that is a question of fact, not principle. If the owner can
satisfy the Chief Assessor, in relation to the A&P contributions, that: (1) it
was reasonable to provide those services; (2) the tenants had agreed to pay
for such services; (3) the services were in fact provided; and (4) the costs
of providing them were reasonably incurred, then he ought to deduct such sums
from the gross rent in arriving at the annual value. It is always open to the
Chief Assessor to disallow anything that he deems to be unreasonably incurred.
This was done in the _Chartered Bank_ case (supra) where the landlord made a
claim of a loading of 25% on the costs of providing watchmen, cleaning, lifts,
air-conditioning, supervision, etc. The High Court held that it was proper and
reasonable for the landlord to provide those services and want a return on his
outlay, but ruled that the claim of 25% was too high and allowed a loading of
15%.

8 The matter before us therefore represents a sequel of sorts to the above
decision, with the appellant now contending that above and beyond allowing a
deduction for the tenants’ A&P contributions, it should be entitled to a
deduction of _all reasonable_ A&P expenses incurred from the gross rental paid
by its tenants when the assessment of the Property’s annual value is made.

9 Before the Valuation Review Board (“the Board”), the appellant had contended
that the test as to whether the cost of the services should be deductible from
the gross rental was threefold, namely the four-stage test articulated by Lee
JC (as reproduced at [7] above) _sans_ the second condition, _viz_ , the
tenants’ agreement to pay for such a service. We would hasten to add that
before the Board, the position adopted by the appellant was that _all_ A&P
expenses (whether reasonably incurred or otherwise) should be deductible from
the gross rental in ascertaining the annual value of the Property. The
respondent, in contrast, highlighted that the four-stage test was cumulative
and that in the light of the appellant’s failure to satisfy the second
condition, it should not, in principle, be allowed to deduct the actual
expenditure from the gross rental in arriving at the annual value for the
purposes of property tax.

10 The Board agreed with the respondent and consequently dismissed the appeal.
In its view (see _BCH Retail Investment Pte Ltd v Chief Assessor_ [2005] SGVRB
4, hereinafter referred to as “the Board’s GD”), the case before it was
analogous to that decided by Lee JC in _BCH No 1_ ([6] _supra_) and,
accordingly, it would have been “ _per incuriam_ to ignore the four conditions
and pick and choose only the three deemed to be acceptable by the appellant”
(see the Board’s GD at [48]). Instead, applying the four conditions to the A&P
expenses incurred by the appellant, the Board agreed with the respondent that
such sum could not be deducted from the gross rental as the tenants had not
agreed to pay the excess expenditure.

11 This was not the only plank on which the Board justified its decision. In
the alternative, the Board dismissed the appeal on the basis that the
appellant’s method of computation had been erroneous. The tenants’ A&P
contributions had been deducted only because they had initially been added to
the sum that comprises the gross rental. In effect, the practical result of
such aggregation and deduction would be to _exclude_ the A&P contributions.
This was in stark contrast to the method of computation advocated by the
appellant, in which there would be a deduction of the actual amount of A&P
expenses without there having been an initial imputation of such amounts into
the aggregate gross rental. In the Board’s view, the valuation mechanism
adopted by the appellant could not be countenanced for it would have depressed
the annual value of the Property artificially by factoring in and deducting,
without any corresponding credit, an extraneous amount of additional A&P
expenses.

12 Dissatisfied with the decision of the Board, the appellant appealed to the
High Court. It should be noted that by the time the appeal came before the
Judge, the appellant had abandoned the argument that _all_ A&P expenses should
be deductible in ascertaining the annual value of the Property. Instead, the
appellant was content to canvass the argument that only A&P expenses that were
_reasonably incurred_ should be deductible from the gross rental in
ascertaining such annual value.

13 Notwithstanding the more moderate stance adopted by the appellant in the
proceedings in the court below, the Judge upheld the decision of the Board,
_albeit_ on slightly different grounds. In particular, the Judge disagreed
that the principles enunciated by Lee JC in _BCH No 1_ ([6] _supra_) were
applicable in the present context. Instead, as the issue in that case had been
limited to that of whether the sums collected by the appellant from the
tenants could be deducted from the gross rentals collected in the
ascertainment of annual value, it did not purport to make any determinative
finding on the overarching consideration of whether any additional amounts
expended by a landlord on A&P above and beyond a tenant’s contractual
contributions could be deducted from gross rental in determining annual value.
As such, in the light of their narrow import, the Judge felt that the
principles enunciated in _BCH No 1_ would not be helpful in resolving the
broader question that was before him.

14 Instead, the Judge reasoned that unlike the tenants’ A&P contributions
which should never have been included in the computation to ascertain the
annual value of the Property in the first place, the excess expenditure was
never regarded as part of the gross rent. In that connection, he considered
that such expenses would be no more than business expenses that would only be
relevant for the computation of income tax, as opposed to property tax. The
Judge also appeared to be particularly influenced by the fact that if the
excess expenditure could be deducted when ascertaining the annual value, this
could have the undesirable attendant effect of allowing landlords to vary,
without much difficulty, the annual values of their respective properties by
manipulating their A&P expenditure. As the annual value of a property is
predicated upon the consideration underlying a _hypothetical_ tenancy from
year to year, allowing the deduction of the excess expenditure without caveat
would invariably result in the perversion of the entire conceptual basis of
annual value.

**The arguments before us**

15 The arguments before us were, in essence, the same as those that had been
canvassed before the Board and before the Judge. At its core, counsel for the
appellant, Mr Tan Kay Kheng, rested his client’s case essentially on the
proposition that, as long as the A&P expenses had been _reasonably incurred_ ,
they should, as a matter of principle, be deducted from the gross rental
received when ascertaining the appropriate annual value. In support of this
proposition, Mr Tan placed reliance on the English Court of Appeal decision of
_Bell Property Trust Ltd v Assessment Committee for the Borough of Hampstead_
[1940] 2 KB 543 (“ _Bell Property Trust_ ”) and the local decision of
_Chartered Bank v The City Council of Singapore_ (1959) SPTC 1 (“ _Chartered
Bank_ ”). In the appellant’s view, these cases stand for the proposition that
the cost of services must, as a matter of principle, be deducted from the
gross rental before arriving at the annual value of the Property. Given that
it was expressly highlighted in _BCH No 1_ ([6] _supra_) that services such as
A&P would, in the modern context, be as essential to the tenants as more
traditional services (as reproduced at [6] above), there should be no
bifurcation between the treatment of A&P expenses and that of the more
traditional expenses. The appellant contended that the four requirements
enunciated by Lee JC in _BCH No 1_ would not be applicable to the factual
matrix before us as they were not _exhaustive_ conditions, and that it could
not be an immutable principle that the deductibility of a particular expense
would be dependent on an agreement with tenants as to the quantum of such
expenses to be borne by them.

16 Counsel for the respondent, Ms Foo Hui Min, quite unsurprisingly adopted an
altogether different tack. In her view, there was no unfettered principle that
all reasonable expenses incurred by a landlord should be _deducted_ from the
gross rental in ascertaining the annual value of a property for the purposes
of property tax. Referring to the cases cited by the appellant, Ms Foo sought
to distinguish them by averring that they went to only support a more limited
proposition: namely, that where a _gross sum_ had been paid to cover both the
cost of the occupation of the premises and the services that were provided by
the landlord, a reasonable apportionment would be allowed. As a corollary, Ms
Foo contended that where there had already been a clear apportionment of the
gross rental into its respective constituents in the lease agreements between
the tenants and the appellant, there could be no further justification to
undertake any _further_ apportionment with respect to the gross rental amount.

17 Notwithstanding the diametrically opposed stances adopted by both counsel
in relation to the law’s consistency with their respective positions, we pause
briefly here to emphasise that they were _ad idem_ on the legal issue that, in
their opinion, arose under the present factual matrix and it is this: whether,
as a matter of principle, all reasonable A&P expenses can be _deducted_ from
the gross sums paid by the tenants to arrive at the annual value. We stress
this because, as we shall see in a moment, the crux of the issue in the
present appeal should, in our opinion, be placed on a markedly different
footing.

**The relevant principles and their application in the context of the present
proceedings**

18 At the outset, we would stress that any meaningful analysis of the factual
matrix in the present proceedings must commence with conceptual and
definitional clarity. In this regard, it would not be wrong to suggest that
the crucial issue in the present decision would turn on our understanding of
the ambit of the concept of “annual value”. The definition of “annual value”
itself is to be found in s 2 of the Act, the material part of which reads as
follows:

“annual value” —

(_a_) in relation to a house or building or land or tenement … means the gross
amount at which the same can reasonably be expected to be _let_ from year to
year, the landlord paying the expenses of repair, insurance, maintenance or
upkeep and all taxes (other than goods and services tax); …

[emphasis added]

19 It will be immediately seen that the definition of “annual value” focuses
on the element of rent or letting. Indeed, it is undisputed by either party
that the annual value of any given property must include _only_ elements of
rent or letting. To this end, any expenses that are not related to elements of
rent or letting ought _not_ to be taken into account in the computation of
annual value. This is not only logical and fair; it is also an elementary,
albeit fundamental, starting-point. Indeed, in our view, this concept is so
vital that it constitutes the main compass guiding all our subsequent legal
navigation.

20 Before proceeding to analyse the cases cited by counsel in support of their
respective cases (as highlighted at [15] above), given the imprecise use of
concepts and terminology inherent in the jurisprudence in this area, we are of
the opinion that an introductory pronouncement on the general legal position
would be appropriate. In this regard, while we agree with the _practical_
import of the cases cited by counsel for both parties and the reasoning found
therein, we would like to stress our discomfort with the use of the
terminology of _deduction_ that appears to be inherent in the case law
hitherto surrounding this area. In our view, reliance on such terminology
gives rise to unnecessary confusion. Let us elaborate.

21 The concept of _deduction_ , traditionally used in the sphere of _income_
tax, has no place in the context of _property_ tax. In other words, when, in
_BCH No 1_ ([6] _supra_), the value of the tenants’ A&P contributions was
excluded from the gross rental, this was not a _deduction_ as such, except as
that concept is utilised in its most literal sense (as a form of subtraction
or, more accurately, _exclusion_). Conceptually, the correct approach would be
to view the tenants’ A&P contributions in that case as having had _nothing to
do_ with rental or letting and, consequently, that such contributions ought
_not_ to have been taken into account or included in the computation of the
annual value of the Property in the first instance. It was in that context
that Lee JC found that the value of such contributions was to be _deducted_ ,
so to speak, from the gross rental. That being the case, the court in _BCH No
1_ was entirely correct in _excluding_ the amount of such contributions from
the computation of the annual value of the property. The court, therefore, was
_not_ , strictly speaking, _deducting_ the value of the tenants’ A&P
contributions from the gross rent as such, but _excluding_ it. We shall term
this approach “the principle of _exclusion_ ”.

22 Such an approach should be contrasted with the situation where expenses are
deducted for the purposes of _income_ tax, an approach that we shall term “the
principle of _deduction_ ”. The principle of _deduction_ (put in its simplest
terms and shorn of a detailed account of it in relation to the relevant
provisions of the Income Tax Act (Cap 134, 2004 Rev Ed) (“the Income Tax
Act”), as to which see, generally, _Halsbury’s Laws of Singapore_ vol 16(2)
(LexisNexis, 2004) at p 96 ff) allows all reasonable expenses to be _deducted_
from the gross income received in a particular year of assessment, with the
remaining income being rendered (in the absence of other allowances or
concessions) liable to tax. It will be seen that the principle of _deduction_
is, in substance, an _inclusionary_ concept. All reasonable expenses that pass
muster under the Income Tax Act can be _included_ for the purpose of
_reducing_ the gross income received when ascertaining assessable income under
that Act. The rationale for allowing such deductions is, in essence, that such
expenses were reasonably incurred in the production of the gross income
received and therefore should not be taxable pursuant to the relevant
provisions of the Income Tax Act. Conceptually, this constitutes, in _contrast
to_ the principle of exclusion, a quite different approach with an equally
different rationale.

23 We would thus urge avoidance of the use of the concept and terminology of
_deduction_ in the context of property tax in order to avoid the concomitant
confusion that might otherwise ensue. The correct concept as well as
terminology should, instead, centre on that of _exclusion_. In other words,
where elements or components that have nothing to do with rent or letting are
included in the gross rent, they ought to be _excluded_. This is, we believe,
the thrust of the approach of the court in _BCH No 1_ ([6] _supra_) in so far
as the value of the A&P contributions was concerned.

24 In a related vein, we should also, at this juncture, emphasise the general
principle that the gross rent of a given property should not be equated with
its annual value. Instead, and neither party disputes this, it is clearly
established that where (as is often the case) the gross rent adopted by the
tax authorities is, in fact, the _actual_ rent, that figure, whilst helpful,
is by no means conclusive of the annual value of the property in question
(see, for example, _Bell Property Trust_ ([15] _supra_) as well as Leung Yew
Kwong and Mani Usilappan, _Property Tax in Singapore and Malaysia_
(Butterworths Asia, 2nd Ed, 1997) at pp 124–125). That this is not only a
sensible but also a logical approach to adopt is precisely because the gross
rent (whether actual or hypothetical) might in fact contain elements that have
nothing to do with rent or letting, and which therefore ought to be
_excluded_. That said, depending on the actual factual matrix, it could well
be, as was the case in _Chartered Bank_ , that “the actual rents paid are the
best evidence on which to arrive at the true annual values of [the]
properties” ([15] _supra_ at 2). Certainly, whilst not necessarily conclusive,
we would highlight that the actual rent paid would often be an important
factor and/or starting-point in the assessment of the annual value of the
property concerned.

25 Notwithstanding the nomenclature employed, this was, for all practical
purposes, precisely the approach that Lee JC adopted in _BCH No 1_ ([6]
_supra_). It was clear to us that in that case, Lee JC recognised that the
gross rent represented no more than a starting-point from which to ascertain
the annual value after any elements that had nothing to do with rent or
letting had been _excluded_. To this end, since the gross rent had
incorporated the value of the tenants’ A&P contributions which in reality had
nothing to do with rent or letting, Lee JC sought to _exclude_ such value for
the purposes of ascertaining the annual value of the Property.

26 Having regard to the analysis and (more importantly) general principles
laid down above, the correct approach to adopt in the present proceedings (as
in _BCH No 1_ ([6] _supra_)) would be to first ascertain whether or not the
gross rent adopted as a starting point includes any elements that ought _not_
to be included. If, in fact, there are such elements, then their value ought
to be _excluded_ for the purposes of computing the annual value. The corollary
of such an approach is that where expenses have been incurred, but which have
had nothing to do with rent or letting and have not been included in the gross
rent, they are not to be considered at all.

27 Looked at in this light, it is of no utility in the context of _property_
tax to distinguish between the tenants’ A&P contributions in _BCH No 1_ (which
were contractual in nature) and the additional A&P expenses that constitute
the subject matter of the present appeal. Both items are, strictly speaking,
irrelevant to the computation of annual value. It is therefore essential that
they are _not included_ in (or are _excluded_ from, as the case may be) the
computation of annual value.

28 As we have already pointed out above (see [21] above), as the tenants’ A&P
contributions in _BCH No 1_ ([6] _supra_) had already been included in the
gross rent, the court there was, on the facts, correct in _excluding_ them for
the purposes of the computation of annual value. What, then, is the legal
status of the _additional_ A&P expenses incurred by the appellant and which,
in fact, constitute the subject matter of the present appeal? In our view, it
was clear that these expenses were never (unlike the contractual tenants’ A&P
contributions in _BCH No 1_) included in the gross rent in the first instance.
Applying the above conceptual understanding, it would be both illogical _and_
unprincipled to argue (as the appellant does) that they should now be
_excluded_ from the gross rent simply because they were never (and, in any
event, ought not to have been), _ex hypothesi_ , included in the gross rent to
begin with. This line of reasoning would also succinctly explain the
distinction drawn by the Judge between the A&P contributions in _BCH No 1_ and
the additional A&P expenses that are the subject matter of the present appeal
(see the GD at [11]).

29 In the interest of completeness, we should add that we accept that if,
however, the appellant’s argument (based on the principle of _deduction_) was
accepted, any distinction between the tenants’ A&P contributions and the
additional A&P expenses would be artificial because there is no material or
substantive difference, in principle, between these two amounts. In other
words, if one can be deducted, so (in principle) should the other. However, it
bears repeating that we are _not_ concerned here with the principle of
_deduction_ but, rather, with the principle of _exclusion_. For the purposes
of the latter principle, the distinction between the two amounts is also
immaterial (see [27] above) – but for another (and quite different) reason,
namely, that any and all A&P contributions are wholly irrelevant to a
computation of annual value and, to that extent, should be _excluded_ from the
gross rent if they have been initially _included_ (the paradigm illustration
is to be found with respect to the A&P contributions in _BCH No 1_ ([6]
_supra_)) and should _not be included_ if they _have not already been
included_ (the paradigm illustration is to be found in the context of the
additional A&P expenses in the context of _the present appeal_).

**The case law reconsidered**

30 If the crux of the present appeal relates to the appropriate application of
the principle of _exclusion_ , as opposed to the principle of _deduction_ ,
the pith of both counsels’ arguments before us (see [15] to [16] above), which
had been wholly predicated upon the (erroneous) assumption of the
applicability of the latter, would be of little assistance and need not be
considered in any great detail. In all fairness, however, it must be stated
that such a misunderstanding centring on the applicability of the concept and
language of _deduction_ is, in the circumstances and for reasons already
alluded to, wholly understandable. Indeed, the intensity of this difficulty
was patently underscored by the prevalent – though we should add, erroneous –
use of such nomenclature embedded within the relevant jurisprudence.

31 While it would be possible to decide the present case without being unduly
hampered by the nomenclature adopted in prior jurisprudence, in our opinion,
it would be germane not to gloss over these difficulties but to critically
analyse whether the apparently distinct conceptual basis upon which we feel
fit to decide this case (as opposed to the _apparently_ distinct reasoning in
the cases cited by both parties) hints of a broader issue as to whether the
reasoning in those cases ought to be reconsidered or rejected. Nonetheless, as
a closer inspection of the cases concerned will highlight, although the
concept and language of _deduction_ was utilised in each of the cases relied
on by the parties, an in-depth analysis as well as understanding of the
reasoning (as opposed to the apparent nomenclature) employed in each one of
these cases would demonstrate their complete conceptual symmetry with the
principle of _exclusion_ , and, in this regard, show that they represent
archetypical examples of its operation.

32 We begin our survey of the relevant case law with _BCH No 1_ ([6] _supra_).
As we have already explained, the finding in that decision that the tenants’
A&P contributions that were contractually agreed between the landlord and the
tenants ought to have been excluded from the gross rent is entirely consistent
with the principle of _exclusion_ inasmuch as these tenants’ A&P
contributions, having had nothing to do with rent or letting, ought never to
have been included in the gross rent in the first instance for the purposes of
computing the annual value of the property concerned _._

33 Given the distinct stances adopted by the Board and the Judge in relation
to the applicability of the four conditions elucidated upon by Lee JC in _BCH
No 1_ (see [10] and [13] above), it may be of some utility for us to
highlight, albeit briefly, our views _vis-à-vis_ that point. In our view, the
four conditions laid down by Lee JC were, looked at in the _context_ of the
judgment as a whole, related to the issue of the _reasonableness_ of the
_amount_ of A&P contributions sought to be excluded. This must, _ex hypothesi_
, assume that the _principle_ that such contributions could be excluded as a
matter of law applied in the first instance. That this is so is evidenced by
the fact that Lee JC had already dealt with this particular issue of principle
in the paragraph preceding that in which the four conditions just mentioned
are found. Indeed, the main portion of that particular (preceding) paragraph
has already been quoted earlier (at [6]). It was only after having dealt with
the _principle_ concerned, that Lee JC then proceeded to elucidate upon the
four conditions that would apply.

34 Even a cursory perusal of the passage in question (quoted at [7] above)
would reveal that Lee JC was dealing with the issue of the _reasonableness_ of
the _amount_ of tenants’ A&P contributions sought to be excluded by the
taxpayer (see, in particular, the phrase “if the A&P contributions were
allowed to be deducted”). Indeed, Lee JC thought that the issue concerned “a
question of fact, not principle”. The four conditions then followed. It is
interesting, in this regard, to note that two of the conditions (_viz_ , (1)
and (4)) deal directly with the issue of reasonableness. Condition (3)
constitutes a factual pre-requisite. The remaining condition ((2)) is the one
which engendered some legal controversy in the context of the present
proceedings in so far as it constituted one of the reasons given by the Board
for its dismissal of the initial appeal (see [10] above).

35 In our view, a close examination of condition (2) in the context of the
judgment as a whole and that paragraph of the judgment in particular reveals
that it relates to the issue of reasonableness as well. Indeed, where the
tenants have agreed – and are therefore legally obliged – to pay the landlord
a pre-determined amount for the latter’s provision of A&P services, such
agreement would probably constitute at least _prima facie_ evidence that the
amount concerned was reasonable in quantum. The proposition that the four
conditions laid down in the above passage were concerned with the
reasonableness of the amount of tenants’ A&P contributions only is confirmed
by the learned judge’s reference to a case to be considered shortly, _viz_ ,
_Chartered Bank_ ([15] _supra_). In particular, Lee JC referred to the fact
how, in so far as one particular item was concerned in _Chartered Bank_ , the
court _reduced_ the claim from 25% to 15%. This is clearly a reference to
reduction on the basis of reasonableness (or, more accurately,
unreasonableness) in quantum. In light of that, we would respectfully disagree
with the findings of the Board that the four conditions elucidated upon by Lee
JC in _BCH No 1_ ([6] _supra_) are applicable in the present context.

36 Another decision relied on heavily by counsel for the appellant, Mr Tan,
was the High Court decision of _Chartered Bank_ ([15] _supra_). In that case,
there was (_unlike_ the situation in _BCH No 1_ ([6] _supra_)), _no_
itemisation of the various components of the gross rent as such. Nevertheless,
the taxpayer proceeded to list out specific items, which it argued merited
exclusion from the gross rent in the context of the computation of the annual
value of the property concerned.

37 There were eight items _in toto_ involved in _Chartered Bank_ ([15]
_supra_). Mr Tan pointed out that whilst the first five items constituted
actual expenditure (for watchmen and cleaning, lifts, air conditioning, common
parts as well as cost of supervision and services), the remaining three were
not inasmuch as they constituted notional expenditure only. Notwithstanding
that, the court held that all eight items could be excluded from the gross
rents of the properties in question. In a situation such as this, therefore,
where (unlike that in _BCH No 1_ ([6] _supra_)) the _components_ of the gross
rental have not been specified, the courts have nevertheless been willing to
exclude items where the taxpayer has been able to demonstrate to the courts’
satisfaction that the items concerned were indeed _unrelated_ to rental or
letting.

38 However, one would imagine that where (as in _BCH No 1_ ([6] _supra_)) the
components of gross rental have in fact been identified individually, the task
of the court is _facilitated_ inasmuch as the items concerned have been
structurally isolated right from the outset (assuming, of course, that such
identification was not in the nature of a sham transaction). Much would, of
course, still depend upon the precise nature of the item concerned. In _BCH No
1_ itself, for example, a threshold issue that arose centred on whether or not
the A&P expenses paid by the tenants to the landlord could, in _principle_ ,
be classified as an item that was _not_ related to renting or letting and
which should therefore be excluded from the computation of annual value. The
court held that such expenses did indeed constitute a service provided by the
landlord to the tenants and therefore did not fall within the purview of the
concept of annual value.

39 Returning to _Chartered Bank_ ([15] _supra_), it is clear that that case is
entirely consistent with the analysis set out above. Once again, the items
concerned were held by the court there to be unrelated to rental or letting,
and the court _excluded_ the value of these items from the gross rental in
arriving at the final annual values for the properties concerned. While once
more, the concept as well as language of _deduction_ was, unfortunately in our
view, utilised by the court, a reasonable reading of the judgment indicates
that the court was of the view that all expenses _vis-à-vis_ the items just
mentioned would be borne out of the gross rentals (this is, _a fortiori_ , the
case with respect to the items of _notional_ expenditure). This suggests, in
turn, that the gross rentals were formulated with these items in mind. In the
circumstances, therefore, since they were _not_ related to rental or letting,
they ought _not_ to have been included in the first instance: hence, the
_exclusion_ of the value of such items from the annual values of the
respective properties.

40 We should add that if, however, it is argued that one or more of these
items had _not_ been included within the computation of the gross rents in the
first instance, then we would respectfully disagree with the analysis of the
learned judge in that case inasmuch as he must then have been necessarily
(though erroneously) applying the principle of deduction as opposed to the
principle of exclusion. However, such an approach does not, from a perusal of
the judgment in _Chartered Bank_ ([15] _supra_) itself, clearly appear to have
been taken and, indeed, we are of the view that a more persuasive
interpretation of the reasoning underlying that decision is that the value of
the items concerned had in fact already been incorporated within the gross
rent right from the outset.

41 Quite ingeniously, on the back of the factual matrix in _Chartered Bank_
([15] _supra_), Mr Tan contended that if the decision of the court below in
the present proceedings was upheld, this might lead to landlords not
specifying the specific components of gross rental and then attempting to
exclude their _entire_ A&P expenditure in the computation of annual value by
contending that such costs were not related to rental or letting. In such an
instance, on the assumption the court accepts that a particular item (in this
case, A&P expenditure) ought to be excluded from the computation of annual
value, the quantum of the sum allowed to be excluded would still be subject to
the test of reasonableness. In this regard, in drawing an analogy to the facts
before us, Mr Tan’s argument, in essence, was this: if the appellant had
structured his affairs in the manner that the landlords in _Chartered Bank_
did, the respondent would have to assess the expenses incurred and consider
whether they had been incurred reasonably in allowing for any deduction for
the purposes of ascertaining the annual value of the Property. In that sense,
allowing this appeal would do no more than arrive at the same end goal: _ie_ ,
even if the additional A&P expenses were allowed in the present appeal, the
precise quantum that would be allowed would still be subject to the test of
reasonableness as applied by the respondent.

42 That a landlord could structure his affairs to be consonant with the above
analysis cannot be seriously disputed: _Chartered Bank_ ([15] _supra_), after
all, does indeed illustrate that landlords could still tender specific items
before the Chief Assessor and/or the courts, arguing that they were not
related to rental or letting and should therefore be excluded from the
computation of the annual value of the property concerned. Be that as it may,
we are not persuaded by the merits of such an argument. Though it would be the
landlords’ prerogative to adopt such an approach, assuming that they are able
to do so without objections and/or counterproposals from actual or prospective
tenants with respect to specific items (of which A&P expenses spring readily
to mind), we should also observe that, absent any finding of bad faith on the
part of the landlord, the _express_ specification of the various components of
gross rent (as in this case) might _in fact_ tend to work in the landlord’s
favour inasmuch as it would be able to demonstrate to the satisfaction of the
Chief Assessor and/or the court that not only were the items concerned arrived
at in good faith but also (provided that there is a finding that these items
were unrelated to rent or letting) that the values specified therein (being
the product of an arm’s length transaction) would be reasonable – at least on
a _prima facie_ basis.

43 This is to be contrasted with a situation where the landlord specifies only
the gross rent and then attempts (as in _Chartered Bank_) to argue that
certain items were in fact not part of the gross rent and ought therefore to
be excluded from the computation of the annual value of the property
concerned. One would have thought that the landlord would, in adopting such an
approach, have placed itself in at least no better a position than it would
have been had it (as in _BCH No 1_) expressly specified the various components
of the gross rental. And it would have no _prima facie_ value that it could
argue as a starting-point – not only from the perspective of assessment but
also from the perspective of proving the reasonableness of that value.

44 Finally, we turn to the English Court of Appeal decision of _Bell Property
Trust_ ([15] _supra_), which was heavily relied upon by Lee JC in _BCH No 1_
([6] _supra_) itself. In that case, the tenants concerned each paid a
comprehensive sum, described as rent, _both_ for the occupation of the flat
_and_ for the benefit of _services and amenities_ provided by the landlord.
The issue arose (as Goddard LJ (as he then was), reading the judgment of the
court, put it) “as to what portion of the gross sums payable by the tenants
was actually for rents and how much was remuneration for services, or
consideration for services and amenities provided for the tenants by the
landlord” (see _id_ at 552). Indeed, as the learned judge noted, “it appears
in the present case that the experienced surveyors who represented the
respective parties agreed in principle that the proper method was to find out
the value of the services and amenities offered, and to deduct them from the
gross sum which the tenant pays, leaving the balance to represent the true
value of the flat” (see _id_ at 553).

45 We note once again the court’s utilisation of the concept and language of
deduction. Indeed, given that _Bell Property Trust_ was the first case in time
to have been decided amongst the cases that have been relied on by the
parties, we would find it hardly surprising if the inappropriate use of
nomenclature there precipitated the use of such terminology in the subsequent
decisions. To reiterate, it would have been preferable if the court there had
utilised the concept and language of _exclusion_ instead because that is, in
substance, what, with respect, we think the court in that case actually meant.
However, and to return to the principle at hand, it is clear that where sums
payable by a tenant to the landlord have _nothing to do_ with rent or letting,
they must be _excluded_ from the computation of the annual value of the
property concerned. In _Bell Property Trust_ , the court therefore held that
the cost to the landlord of providing the tenant with various services and
amenities ought to be excluded from the gross payments by the tenant before
arriving at the “gross value” (the equivalent of “annual value” under the Act)
to be inserted into the valuation list. Indeed, the court even went so far as
to permit an allowance for a reasonable profit to the landlord for the
provision of the aforementioned services to be _excluded_.

46 Taking the factual matrix of _Bell Property Trust_ ([15] _supra_) in the
round, so to speak, it is clear that the amounts which were “ _deducted_ ”
from the gross amounts payable by the tenants to the landlord had _nothing to
do_ with rent or letting. Applying the principle of _exclusion_ , such amounts
_ought not to have been included in the first instance_ , and were therefore
correctly _excluded_ from the gross amounts payable by the tenants to the
landlord.

47 In summary, notwithstanding the inappropriate use of the terminology and
concept of deduction, it will be seen that the cases relied on by the parties
are, at the very least, conceptually consonant with the principle of
_exclusion_ as understood in the present judgment.

**Conclusion**

48 In the premises, we dismiss the appeal with costs, albeit for somewhat
different reasons from those given in the court below.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 09 Mar 2007 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

