Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Ng Gino Ernest v Triathlon Association of Singapore  
[2007] SGHC 183

Case Number | : | OS 1499/2007  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 24 October 2007  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Choo Han Teck J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Christopher Anand s/o Daniel and Paul Ong Min-Tse (Allen & Gledhill LLP) for the applicant; Jeffrey Chan Wah Teck (Attorney-General's Chambers) for the Attorney-General   
Parties | : |  Ng Gino Ernest — Triathlon Association of Singapore   
  
24 October 2007 |   
---|---  
  
Choo Han Teck J:

1 The applicant prayed for an order under O 53 r 1(2) Rules of Court (Cap 322,
R5, 2006 Rev Ed) for leave to apply for various orders to be made against the
respondent association (“the respondent”). Order 53 r 1(2) provides the
procedure for an application for leave for judicial review of administrative
action. In this case, the respondent nominated two persons for the Singapore
national team of triathletes in the 2007 South-East Asian Games scheduled to
be held in December. The applicant was not nominated and seeks a judicial
review of the decision of the respondent in its original decision not to
nominate the applicant as well as the decision of its Appeals Committee in
rejecting the applicant’s appeal.

2 Mr Christopher Daniel (“Mr Daniel”) making the application for leave on
behalf of the applicant stated his grounds as follows and I would summarise
without detail since some of the assertions might be contentious. It was
supposed to be the respondent’s selection policy that athletes who wished to
be considered had to compete in two time trials. The policy stated as follows:

1.3 For eligibility into the SEA Games 2007 Teams, athletes have to race in
the 1st time trial in order to qualify for the 2nd time trial. Athletes will
also be required to meet the minimum qualifying time in the 1st time trial to
be eligible for the 2nd time trial.

1.5.2 Interested athletes who have achieved a minimum qualifying time of 2hrs
12mins for men and 2hrs 35mins for women in any ITU/ASTC sanctioned race over
the last 2 years are invited to sign up with the Triathlon Association of
Singapore.

1.5.3 Athletes who have successfully qualified for the 1st time trial will be
able to race in the Elite category for the OSIM Singapore International
Triathlon.

3 The applicant qualified under the first trial for a place to compete in the
second time trial, in which he took part and was second in the race. One “Mr
Phoon” who also took part in the second time trial was placed third. However,
the respondent nominated one Mr Mok who was first in both time trials and Mr
Phoon as the nominees for places in the national team.

4 The applicant was aggrieved, not only because he raced ahead of Mr Phoon in
the second time trial, but Mr Phoon did not complete the first time trial
because he retired injured. Hence, from his standpoint, Mr Phoon was selected
despite not qualifying for the second race. Furthermore, it was the
applicant’s contention that under the respondent’s selection policy, Mr Phoon
ought not to have even ran in the second time trial.

5 The applicant had a second objection to Mr Phoon’s nomination, and that was
that the respondent submitted Mr Phoon’s name as a nominee even before the
second time trial, which would have been another breach of its selection
policy. On 27 August 2007 the applicant requested the respondent to reconsider
its decision. The respondent replied that it would not do so. On 28 August
2007 the applicant requested the respondent to convene an appeals committee to
hear his appeal against the respondent’s decision. This was done and the
appeal was heard on 4 September 2007.

6 The appeal itself constituted the third ground of this application. The
applicant says that he was not given a fair hearing because of the
“interjections and interruptions” from two of the five committee members. The
applicant further stated that two of the members of the appeals committee were
parties to or were involved in the respondent’s original decision to nominate
Mr Phoon. Hence, it would appear that these two members sat in judgment of
their own decision.

7 In my view, the above statements, if proved would be breaches of natural
justice, a technical term in administrative law. It is not necessary to
discuss this aspect presently. This application was made _ex parte_ in
accordance with O 53 r 1(2) but Mr Jeffrey Chan, (“Mr Chan”) appeared on
behalf of the Attorney-General to state that he did not think that leave to
issue was appropriate in this case for the reason that the respondent was a
private association. Mr Chan submitted that judicial review was available only
when a tribunal was exercising a public function.

8 Mr Chan may well be right, but it is not clear whether the respondent was
exercising any public function in this case. Mr Daniel submitted that the
respondent was not only selecting representatives for the national team but
the selection was from participants from the public (the applicant was not a
member of the respondent), and that it did so with public funds obtained
through the Singapore National Olympic Council.

9 I am of the view that the applicant had sufficiently made out a case which
required a response. The case made out was not only against the respondent’s
original decision but also against the appeal committee’s conduct in the
course of the appeal. I have to leave the issue of whether the appeal
committee was exercising a quasi-judicial function for the substantive
argument. The threshold at this stage did not require a full consideration of
the issue since the respondent was not yet a party and evidence was not
complete. Accordingly, I granted leave to issue.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 24 Oct 2007 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

