Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Sandar Aung v Parkway Hospitals Singapore Pte Ltd (trading as Mount
Elizabeth Hospital) and Another  
[2007] SGCA 20

Case Number | : | CA 102/2006  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 30 March 2007  
Tribunal/Court | : | Court of Appeal  
Coram | : |  Andrew Ang J; Chan Sek Keong CJ; Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Ponniah James Leslie and Leong Sue Lynn (Wong & Lim) for the appellant; Lek Siang Pheng and Mar Seow Hwei (Rodyk & Davidson) for the respondents   
Parties | : |  Sandar Aung — Parkway Hospitals Singapore Pte Ltd (trading as Mount Elizabeth Hospital); Mount Elizabeth Medical Holdings Ltd (formerly known as Mount Elizabeth Hospital Ltd)   
  
Contract – Contractual terms – Rules of construction – Contract with hospital
to pay all expenses incurred by stay in hospital and estimate of bill
furnished by hospital signed – Final bill exceeding estimate greatly – Whether
contract including estimate of bill such that no liability for payment of
excess costs existing – Whether context and factual background of agreement
relevant  
  

30 March 2007 |  Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA (delivering the judgment of the court):

1 This is an appeal by Sandar Aung (“the appellant”) against the decision of
the trial judge (“the Judge”) allowing, _inter alia_ , Parkway Hospitals
Singapore Pte Ltd (“the first respondent”) to add Mount Elizabeth Medical
Holdings Ltd (“the second respondent”) as a co-plaintiff and giving judgment
to the respondents for the sum of $320,083.77 on the basis of an agreement
signed by the appellant (see _Parkway Hospitals Singapore Pte Ltd (trading as
Mount Elizabeth Hospital) v Sandar Aung_ [2007] 1 SLR 227 (“GD”)).

2 After considering the parties’ arguments on appeal, we have decided to allow
the appeal, and set out our reasons for doing so.

**The facts**

3 This appeal arises out of a most unfortunate and unanticipated chain of
events. On 7 January 2004, the appellant admitted her mother, Daw Tin Nyunt
(“the patient”) to Mount Elizabeth Hospital (“the hospital”) for the purpose
of undergoing an angioplasty. At the time of the patient’s admission, the
appellant had signed two documents – an “Estimate of Hospital Charges” (“the
Estimate”) and a standard form document entitled “Mount Elizabeth Hospital Ltd
Conditions of Services/Hospital Policies” (“the contract”).

4 The first respondent’s witness, Ms Siew Mun Hong (“Ms Siew”), who served as
a business office executive at the hospital during the relevant period,
testified that she had handled the admission of the patient on 7 January 2004.
While she could not specifically recall the patient or the appellant, Ms
Siew’s evidence was that she would have followed her usual routine of
registering the patient and giving financial counselling. She further stated
that the appellant was probably the only one present at the admission counter
and who had undergone financial counselling, as only the appellant’s signature
appeared on both documents.

5 As the appellant elected not to call any evidence, Ms Siew’s account of
counselling, which entailed a two-step process, should be noted. First, a
billing estimate would be given as part of the financial counselling process.
According to Ms Siew, she would first obtain the doctor’s admission letter and
verify the patient’s identity, before proceeding to register the patient for
admission. She would then provide a financial estimate to the patient. This
estimate was based on the diagnosis and medical procedure to be carried out,
and would be generated by means of a computer programme. The estimate would
then be printed out in a document entitled “Estimate of Hospital Charges”
(_ie_ , the Estimate), and its contents brought to the attention of the
patient as well as the guarantor. She would then go through the estimated
length of stay, accommodation charges and ancillary charges, and highlight
that the estimates given excluded the doctors’ charges. As part of her
routine, she would also underscore that the figures shown were only estimates.
Ms Siew would then inform the patient as well as the guarantor of the need for
a deposit, and request that the patient as well as the guarantor sign the
Estimate.

6 While Ms Siew was aware that complications could potentially arise and
thereby inflate the cost of treatment beyond that stated in the Estimate, she
testified that she had not informed the appellant or other patients about this
possibility because it was not her task to do so. Neither did she inform or
represent to the appellant that the final hospital bill would be limited to
the amount stated in the Estimate.

7 The second stage of the process required Ms Siew to go through the contract,
and ensure that the patient and the guarantor sign the contract. The guarantor
would also have to sign an undertaking agreeing to be jointly and severally
liable with the patient for “all charges, expenses and liabilities incurred by
and on behalf of the patient” (“the undertaking”). The patient would then be
given signed copies of the Estimate and the contract.

8 In the appellant’s case, the Estimate for the patient’s angioplasty stated
that the accommodation charges for two days would be $878 and the ancillary
charges would be $14,349.30. The “total estimated hospital charges” was thus
computed to be $15,227.30.

9 However, an unanticipated series of events resulted in a medical bill that
was far greater than that contained in the Estimate. The angioplasty procedure
did not have the intended outcome and the patient was required to undergo an
urgent open heart bypass surgery. The patient’s health woes did not end there;
her path to recovery was far from smooth and she suffered from a litany of
ailments that included a minor stroke, infection, gangrene, bleeding into the
intestinal tract, skin ulcers, deep vein thrombosis, eye problems as well as
emotional changes. The patient thus had to be hospitalised for some eleven
months until her eventual discharge from the hospital on 19 December 2004. The
hospital subsequently rendered an invoice for $537,432.34, being the balance
due for hospitalisation, medical facilities and services (“medical services”)
after the deposit payments of $23,000 were taken into account. Of the amount
claimed, $128,728.50 was described as being doctors’ fees.

10 While the patient was still hospitalised, the second respondent underwent a
corporate restructuring, in consequence of which the second respondent
transferred and assigned all its assets to the first respondent with effect
from 1 October 2004. The hospital was thereafter registered as a business of
the first respondent, who operated the hospital and provided medical services
to the patient. Neither the first nor the second respondent gave the appellant
any written notice of the assignment.

11 The patient failed to pay the invoice and this suit was thus brought
against the appellant on the basis of the contract and the undertaking
contained therein. The first respondent further pleaded that the sum of
$537,432.34 had been transferred and assigned by the second respondent to the
first respondent on 1 October 2004.

12 The appellant denied liability on numerous grounds. She contended, _inter
alia_ , that the scope and ambit of the undertaking was limited only to the
charges, expenses and liabilities incurred by or on behalf of the patient in
relation to the angioplasty procedure and the estimated two days of
hospitalisation after the angioplasty procedure. The appellant further averred
that she had not been informed of the assignment of her debt to the first
respondent, and that the first respondent’s claim was unconscionable.

13 When the matter came on for trial, the appellant elected not to offer any
evidence. It was at this point that the first respondent applied to amend the
writ of summons and pleadings by adding the second respondent as co-plaintiff.
The Judge proceeded to allow the application despite the appellant’s
objections. In the Judge’s opinion, it was clear from the beginning of the
action that the first respondent was suing as an assignee, and the problem of
non-joinder was a technical one (see GD at [13]).

14 The Judge took the view that the contract was binding, and that the
appellant was liable to pay for all medical services provided by the second
respondent to the patient by reason of the undertaking contained therein. The
wording of the undertaking made it plain that no limit would be imposed on the
appellant’s liability to pay (see GD at [27] and [30]).

15 However, the Judge only gave judgment for the respondents in the sum of
$320,083.77, with interest at 6% from the date of the writ and costs on an
indemnity basis. The judgment sum of $320,083.77 was arrived at by making the
following three deductions from the sum of $537,432.34 claimed:

(a) $88,452.04 for medical expenses incurred after 1 October 2004, as these
services had been provided by the first respondent with whom the appellant had
no agreement. The scope of the undertaking was confined to medical services
provided by the second respondent from 7 January 2004 to 1 October 2004 (_ie_
, before the assignment);

(b) $128,728.50 being fees of the doctors, with whom the appellant had no
contract; and

(c) $168 being charges for ambulance services not provided by the respondents.

**The ambit and scope of the contract**

16 The present appeal raised one basic issue – what was the true construction
of the contract between the appellant and the second respondent? More
specifically, was the ambit and scope of the contract confined (as the
appellant argued) only to expenses related to the angioplasty procedure or did
the contract cover all the expenses incurred (as the respondents argued)?

17 Not surprisingly, each party focused only on specific portions of the
contract.

18 We find the construction advanced by the appellant to be the correct one,
having regard to the language as well as the context of the contract itself.

19 Whilst Mr Lek Siang Pheng, counsel for the respondents, argued that the
undertaking by the appellant as guarantor covered “all charges, expenses and
liabilities incurred by and on behalf of the patient”, this argument alone is
not conclusive. The focus, in our view, ought not to be on the word “all” but,
rather, on the _type_ of charges, expenses and liabilities that the parties
intended to be covered under the contract. This was the threshold question
that ought to have been asked. It would then follow that the appellant would
be liable for _all_ of the charges _that fell within the ambit and scope of
the contract_.

20 Mr Lek also focused on the first paragraph of the contract (under the
heading “Financial Obligation”). In particular, he referred to the first
sentence, which reads as follows:

The undersigned is liable to pay the account of the hospital immediately upon
his discharge in accordance with the prevailing rates and terms of the
hospital.

21 Once again, however, the above sentence is, in the context of the basic
issue in the present appeal, neutral at best. It is true that the patient is
liable to pay the hospital for services rendered. However, the _ambit_ _and
scope_ of the services rendered has to be ascertained by reference to the
_contract_ itself.

22 It is important, at this juncture, to note that the appellant, in admitting
in her case before this court that the patient was liable to the hospital for
the entire amount of the treatment received, was _not_ conceding that the
source of that liability was to be found in the _contract_ itself. Mr James
Ponniah, counsel for the appellant, argued that the contract only covered
liability for the angioplasty procedure. However, he admitted that the patient
(as opposed to the appellant in her capacity as guarantor) would be legally
liable for the rest of the treatment she received under the common law
(presumably, the law of restitution). In so far, therefore, as the present
appeal was concerned, Mr Ponniah argued that it followed that the appellant,
as guarantor, was only liable for all expenses incurred pursuant to the
angioplasty procedure since that was the ambit and scope of the contract
itself.

23 Mr Ponniah in fact relied on the second paragraph of the contract (again,
under the heading “Financial Obligation”), which reads as follows:

The undersigned should obtain an estimate of his/her/the patient’s attending
physician’s/specialist’s charges from them. The hospital shall assume upon the
receipt of this signed conditions of services/hospital policies form that the
undersigned has familiarised himself/herself with the hospital charges and
fees and charges of his/her/the patient’s attending physician/specialist and
that the undersigned appreciates and is fully aware of the financial
obligations that he/she is undertaking in relation to his/her/the patient’s
hospitalisation and treatment.

24 The paragraph just quoted obviously constitutes part of the terms of the
contract between the appellant and the second respondent. What is of
particular legal as well as logical significance, in our view, is that both
parties to the contract obviously intended that both the patient as well as
the appellant would familiarise themselves with the _estimated_ costs of _the
subject matter of the contract_. This gives a clue to the correct construction
that ought to be adopted in the context of the present appeal. If, as the
respondents argue, the subject matter of the contract extended to cover all
items of treatment arising from the complications that had unfortunately
arisen, how could the cost of _these_ items be _estimated_ since, _ex
hypothesi_ , contingencies that might never have arisen could not be estimated
in the first instance? It is clear that when this particular paragraph of the
contract is read together with the Estimate, the subject matter of the
contract entered into between the appellant and the respondent related to _the
angioplasty procedure only_. Indeed, the sum quoted in the Estimate
($15,227.30) clearly referred to the angioplasty procedure – and that
procedure only. This is not surprising as that was the procedure for which the
patient was initially admitted into the hospital. It should also be noted that
the angioplasty procedure was (in contrast to contingencies and complications
that might or might not occur) eminently capable of being estimated and were
in fact estimated, as noted above.

25 Mr Lek argued, however, that the Estimate contained a qualification by the
second respondent, which reads as follows:

The Hospital does not warrant that the actual charges payable by the above-
named patient upon discharge would be similar to the estimated total charges
stated above. This would depend on the final diagnosis, treatment received and
the actual length of stay of the patient.

26 It is true that no warranty was given by the second respondent as to the
actual charges payable, but neither was the appellant’s case founded on a
warranty. The pertinent question, in our view, is _what_ precisely the actual
charges related to. This must, having regard to the context and details of the
Estimate itself, be _the angioplasty procedure_. In any event, the actual
terms of the Estimate were useful only in so far as they aided this court in
ascertaining what the _ambit and scope_ of the contract between the appellant
and the second respondent was.

27  Finally, we observe that had the respondent desired to cover such
contingencies as occurred in the present case, it could have inserted an
appropriate term to that effect in the contract. Indeed, it had taken pains to
cover a different contingency which was more unlikely and less fundamental
than that which was at issue in the present appeal in the form of the
following clause:

The undersigned further authorises the hospital to apply any excess funds
after payments in full of the charges for services rendered for this hospital
visit towards any outstanding account which the patient may have with any of
the hospitals of the Parkway Group Healthcare Pte Ltd for any prior and/or
subsequent services rendered and for which the undersigned is responsible.

**Relevance of the factual matrix when construing contracts**

28 A general legal issue that arose was whether or not this court was entitled
to go outside the four corners of the contract between the appellant and the
second respondent. Mr Lek argued that the terms of the contract were clear and
that the court could not therefore refer to any other documents or surrounding
circumstances. We would therefore be constrained to look only at the terms of
the contract itself in order to ascertain whether the appellant should be
liable for all the expenses incurred by the patient during her stay at the
hospital. With respect, we are not persuaded that this is the case.

29 It is clear that, at _common law_ , it has always been open to the court to
have recourse to extrinsic material where such material would aid in
establishing the factual matrix which would (in turn) assist the court in
construing the contract in question. This assumes, of course, that the
reference to such material would not result in the contravention of the parol
evidence rule which is statutorily embodied within ss 93 and 94 of the
Evidence Act (Cap 97, 1997 Rev Ed) (“the Act”). This is, in fact, precisely
the situation in the present case. The key concept here is that of _context_.
No contract exists in a vacuum and, consequently, its language must be
construed in the context in which the contract concerned has been made. We
would go so far as to state that even if the plain language of the contract
appears otherwise clear, the construction consequently placed on such language
should not be inconsistent with the context in which the contract was entered
into if this context is clear or even obvious, since the context and
circumstances in which the contract was made would reflect the intention of
the parties when they entered into the contract and utilised the (contractual)
language they did. It might well be the case that if a particular construction
placed on the language in a given contract is inconsistent with what is the
obvious context in which the contract was made, then _that_ construction might
_not_ be as clear as was initially thought and might, on the contrary, be
evidence of an ambiguity. The following observations by Lord Hoffmann in the
House of Lords decision of _Charter Reinsurance Co Ltd v Fagan_ [1996] 2 WLR
726 at 762 are also apposite:

I think that in some cases the notion of words having a natural meaning is not
a very helpful one. Because the meaning of words is so sensitive to syntax and
context, the natural meaning of words in one sentence may be quite unnatural
in another. Thus a statement that words have a particular natural meaning may
mean no more than that in many contexts they will have that meaning. In other
contexts their meaning will be different but no less natural.

30  In addition, and on a more general level, the following observations by
Lord Wilberforce in the leading House of Lords decision of _Reardon Smith Line
Ltd v Yngvar Hansen-Tangen_ [1976] 1 WLR 989 at 996 (“ _Reardon Smith_ ”)
emphasise the general task of the court in a practical and functional manner:

It is often said that, in order to be admissible in aid of construction, these
extrinsic facts must be within the knowledge of both parties to the contract,
but this requirement should not be stated in too narrow a sense. When one
speaks of the intention of the parties to the contract, one is speaking
objectively – the parties cannot themselves give direct evidence of what their
intention was – and what must be ascertained is what is to be taken as the
intention which reasonable people would have had if placed in the situation of
the parties. Similarly when one is speaking of aim, or object, or commercial
purpose, one is speaking objectively of what reasonable persons would have in
mind in the situation of the parties.

31  Indeed, as a leading textbook put it (see _Chitty on Contracts_ vol 1
(Sweet & Maxwell, 29th Ed, 2004) at para 12-118):

The willingness of the courts to admit extrinsic evidence as an aid to
interpretation of a written contract was established as long ago as 1842 by
Tindal C.J. in _Shore v Wilson,_ [(1842) 9 Cl 7 Fin 355] …

But under the older restrictive view … extrinsic evidence is admissible only
where the sense and meaning of the words of the written instrument is doubtful
or difficulty arises when it is sought to apply the language of the instrument
to the circumstances under consideration. If the words have a clear and fixed
meaning, not capable of explanation, extrinsic evidence would not be
admissible to show that the parties meant something different from what they
have written. _The more modern view, however, is that the words do not have to
be vague, ambiguous or otherwise uncertain before extrinsic evidence will be
admitted. Since the purpose of the inquiry is to ascertain the meaning which
the words would convey to a reasonable man against the background of the
transaction in question, the court is free (subject to certain exceptions) to
look at all the relevant circumstances surrounding the transaction, not merely
in order to choose between the possible meanings of words which are ambiguous
but even to conclude that the parties must, for whatever reasons, have used
the wrong words or syntax. So the court is entitled (and, indeed, bound) to
enquire beyond the language of the document and see what the circumstances
were with reference to which words were used, and the object appearing from
those circumstances which the person using them had in view. The court must
place itself in the same “factual matrix” as that in which the parties were_.

[emphasis added]

32 Significantly, there follow extracts from the judgment of Lord Wilberforce
in _Reardon Smith_ , which are in fact included in the reference below (at
[34]). It is worthy to note that I had endorsed this common law principle in
the recent High Court decision of _China Insurance Co (Singapore) Pte Ltd v
Liberty Insurance Pte Ltd_ [2005] 2 SLR 509, albeit by way of _dicta_ (at
[51]). We are of the view that the “more modern view” referred to in the above
quotation is to be preferred and that, as we have explained above, such a view
is also consistent with what would be the practical reality in any event.

33  The established common law principle referred to above is also applicable
as it is not inconsistent with the provisions of the Act since, _ex hypothesi_
, the court is not seeking to utilise such material to add to, vary or
contradict the terms of the contract itself – courses of action that would be
at odds with s 94 of the Act (see also _Chitty on Contracts_ ([31] _supra_ at
para 12-117)). In this regard, s 2(2) of the Act is relevant, and reads as
follows:

All rules of evidence not contained in any written law, so far as such rules
are inconsistent with any of the provisions of this Act, are repealed.

34  The principle itself has been reiterated in many cases. Perhaps the most
famous articulation is to be found in the judgment of Lord Wilberforce in
_Reardon Smith_ ([30] _supra_), where the learned law lord observed thus (at
995 and 997):

When it comes to ascertaining whether particular words apply to a factual
situation or, if one prefers, whether a factual situation comes within
particular words, it is undoubtedly proper, and necessary, to take evidence as
to the factual situation.

…

No contracts are made in a vacuum: there is always a setting in which they
have to be placed. The nature of what is legitimate to have regard to is
usually described as “the surrounding circumstances” but this phrase is
imprecise: it can be illustrated but hardly defined. In a commercial contract
it is certainly right that the court should know the commercial purpose of the
contract and this in turn presupposes knowledge of the genesis of the
transaction, the background, the context, the market in which the parties are
operating.

…

I think that all of their Lordships are saying, in different words, the same
thing – what the court must do must be to place itself in thought in the same
factual matrix as that in which the parties were. All of these opinions seem
to me implicitly to recognise that, in the search for the relevant background,
there may be facts which form part of the circumstances in which the parties
contract in which one, or both, may take no particular interest, their minds
being addressed to or concentrated on other facts so that if asked they would
assert that they did not have these facts in the forefront of their mind, but
that will not prevent those facts from forming part of an objective setting in
which the contract is to be construed.

35 Reference may also be usefully made to the views of Lord Hoffmann in the
leading House of Lords decision of _Investors Compensation Scheme Ltd v West
Bromwich Building Society_ [1998] 1 WLR 896 at 912–913, as follows:

But I think I should preface my explanation of my reasons with some general
remarks about the principles by which contractual documents are nowadays
construed. I do not think that the fundamental change which has overtaken this
branch of the law, particularly as a result of the speeches of Lord
Wilberforce in _Prenn v. Simmonds_ [1971] 1 W.L.R. 1381, 1384-1386 and
_Reardon Smith Line Ltd v Yngvar Hansen-Tangen_ [1976] 1 W.L.R. 989, is always
sufficiently appreciated. The result has been, subject to one important
exception, to assimilate the way in which such documents are interpreted by
judges to the common sense principles by which any serious utterance would be
interpreted in ordinary life. Almost all the old intellectual baggage of
“legal” interpretation has been discarded. The principles may be summarised as
follows.

(1) Interpretation is the ascertainment of the meaning which the document
would convey to a reasonable person having all the background knowledge which
would reasonably have been available to the parties in the situation in which
they were at the time of the contract.

(2) The background was famously referred to by Lord Wilberforce as the “matrix
of fact”, but this phrase is, if anything, an understated description of what
the background may include. Subject to the requirement that it should have
been reasonably available to the parties and to the exception to be mentioned
next, it includes absolutely anything which would have affected the way in
which the language of the document would have been understood by a reasonable
man.

(3) The law excludes from the admissible background the previous negotiations
of the parties and their declarations of subjective intent. They are
admissible only in an action for rectification. The law makes this distinction
for reasons of practical policy and, in this respect only, legal
interpretation differs from the way we would interpret utterances in ordinary
life. The boundaries of this exception are in some respects unclear. But this
is not the occasion on which to explore them.

(4) The meaning which a document (or any other utterance) would convey to a
reasonable man is not the same thing as the meaning of its words. The meaning
of words is a matter of dictionaries and grammars; the meaning of the document
is what the parties using those words against the relevant background would
reasonably have been understood to mean. The background may not merely enable
the reasonable man to choose between the possible meanings of words which are
ambiguous but even (as occasionally happens in ordinary life) to conclude that
the parties must, for whatever reason, have used the wrong words or syntax:
see _Mannai Investments Co. Ltd. v. Eagle Star Life Assurance Co. Ltd._ [1997]
A.C. 749.

(5) The “rule” that words should be given their “natural and ordinary meaning”
reflects the common sense proposition that we do not easily accept that people
have made linguistic mistakes, particularly in formal documents. On the other
hand, if one would nevertheless conclude from the background that something
must have gone wrong with the language, the law does not require judges to
attribute to the parties an intention which they plainly could not have had.
Lord Diplock made this point more vigorously when he said in _Antaios Compania
Naviera S.A. v. Salen Rederierna A.B._ [1985] A.C. 191, 201:

“if detailed semantic and syntactical analysis of words in a commercial
contract is going to lead to a conclusion that flouts business commonsense, it
must be made to yield to business commonsense.”

36 However, Lord Hoffmann did, in the subsequent House of Lords decision of
_Bank of Credit and Commerce International SA v Ali_ [2002] 1 AC 251 state (at
[39]) that while “there is no conceptual limit to what can be regarded as
background”, he was “certainly not encouraging a trawl through ‘background’
which could not have made a reasonable person think that the parties must have
departed from conventional usage”.

37  It is clear, in our view, that the common law principle, whose purpose and
rationale is set out in the case law above, is applicable to the present
appeal. In particular, this court is justified in looking at, _inter alia_ ,
the Estimate in order to arrive at the conclusion that the _factual matrix_
clearly demonstrated that the ambit and scope of the contract between the
appellant and the respondent was confined to the angioplasty procedure. In so
doing we are not suggesting that the Estimate was cast in stone. Thus if the
patient had stayed in hospital a few days longer than the estimated two days,
it could not be argued that that was not within the bounds of reasonable
foreseeability. In contrast, in the absence of evidence to that effect, the
open heart surgery could not be said to have been reasonably foreseeable by
the parties.

**Remaining issues**

38  Before we conclude, it is appropriate to deal briefly with the appellant’s
other arguments.

39  One argument was to the effect that the respondents’ claim was
unconscionable. With respect, this particular argument was framed in overly
broad as well as vague terms. We should point out that the doctrine of
unconscionability is still in flux, at least in the Commonwealth context.
Further, its relationship to more established doctrines such as economic
duress as well as undue influence has yet to be worked out. It will suffice
for the purposes of the present appeal to observe that, even if the doctrine
is taken at its broadest level (articulated, most notably, in the Australian
context, especially in the leading High Court decision of _The Commercial Bank
of Australia Limited v Amadio_ (1983) 151 CLR 447), we find nothing in the
circumstances surrounding the entry of the appellant into the contract
concerned which would lead us to a finding of unconscionable conduct on the
part of the second respondent. Neither was it unconscionable for the
respondents to enforce the terms of the undertaking against the appellant. We
should add that mere inequality of bargaining power is insufficient, in and of
itself, to constitute unconscionable conduct. Indeed, we agree with the
respondents that both the patient as well as the appellant had received
adequate advice and that the appellant, in particular, had fully understood
the terms of the contract she had entered into with the second respondent. We
should emphasise that the conduct of the second respondent throughout was
thoroughly professional, including the pursuit of what it believed to be its
legal rights. The real issue relates, rather, to the scope and ambit of the
contract – an issue that we have already dealt with in some detail above.

40  The other argument centred on the Judge’s exercise of her discretion in
permitting the first respondent to amend its writ and pleadings to add the
second respondent as co-plaintiff after the appellant had elected not to give
evidence and had closed her case. It was clear that the first respondent had
no _locus standi_ to sue the appellant in its own name on the ground that at
the highest it was only an equitable assignee of the second respondent’s claim
against the patient suing on the basis of a legal chose in action (and see
_Halsbury’s Laws of Singapore_ vol 7 (LexisNexis, 2005) at [80.446]). The
validity of the assignment as an equitable assignment was not in dispute: see
_per_ Lord Macnaghten in the House of Lords decision of _William Brandt’s Sons
& Co v Dunlop Rubber Company, Limited_ [1905] AC 454 at 461. The Judge had
exercised her discretion to add the second respondent as co-plaintiff in order
to provide the legal right necessary to support the first respondent’s claim
because she considered it as a technical matter. We cannot say that her
exercise of discretion in this respect was wrong so long as the appellant was
not prejudiced by the decision. In the present case, the appellant has not
contended that the claim would have been time-barred but for the addition of
the second respondent as a party to the action.

**Conclusion**

41 In the premises, we allow the appeal with costs here and below, with the
usual consequential orders to follow.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 30 Mar 2007 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

