Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Sim Lian (Newton) Pte Ltd v Gan Beng Cheng Raynes and Another  
[2007] SGHC 84

Case Number | : | OS 618/2007  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 25 May 2007  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Paul Tan AR   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Francis Goh (Central Chambers) for the applicant; Gan Beng Cheng Raynes and Ching Siew Yin in person   
Parties | : |  Sim Lian (Newton) Pte Ltd — Gan Beng Cheng Raynes; Ching Siew Yin   
  
25 May 2007 |  Judgment Reserved  
---|---  
  
Assistant Registrar Mr Paul Tan:

1 The proverbial question, “Who is my neighbour?” finds an awkward answer in
the case of respondents Mr Gan Beng Cheng Raynes and his wife, Mdm Ching Siew
Yin, who have found that all their neighbours have moved out of 22 Surrey
Road, Singapore 307755, a condominium development otherwise known as
Lincolnsvale, pursuant to an en-bloc sale to the applicant. The respondents
further allege that at least a few of their neighbours who formed the sale
committee did not follow due process in the collective sale of Lincolnsvale.
As a result, they now turn to this court seeking that it fulfils its familiar
role as Protector of the rights of minorities; to stand as a bulwark between
what they claim continue to be their indefeasible and yet-undefeated
proprietary rights in unit number #01-02, Lincolnsvale, and the applicant’s
bulldozers.

2 As to the cardinal principle, if not constitutional imperative, that the
courts must within the framework of the rule of law hold in balance the rights
and interests of minorities and majorities, there can be no doubt. While this
is most commonly illustrated in the context of criminal law, where for
example, Choo Han Teck JC (as he then was) astutely observed in _Public
Prosecutor v Quek Loo Ming_ [2002] SGHC 171 at [3] that “the court stands
between the accused and the lynch mob, not in place of it”, this anthem plays
with equal force in other spheres of the law as well.

3 Whether or not it is accurate to portray the present case as simply an
archetypal battle between Good and Evil is another story all together; and it
is to this issue that I now turn my attention.

**The background to OS 618 of 2007**

4 The applicant in this case is Sim Lian (Newton) Pte Ltd (“Sim Lian”), a
property developer who purchased Lincolnsvale. The respondents are, as stated
above, subsidiary proprietors of unit #01-02 in Lincolnsvale.

5 Sometime prior to November 2005, the idea to put Lincolnsvale up for an en-
bloc sale was hatched; and pursuant to that plan, a sale and purchase
agreement dated 25 November 2005 (“the S&P Agreement”) was eventually signed
between Sim Lian and the subsidiary proprietors of the lots representing not
less than 80% of the share values in Lincolnsvale (hereinafter referred to as
“the Vendors”).

6 Subsequently, the Strata Titles Board (“the STB”) confirmed the sale of
Lincolnsvale on 22 June 2006 (“the first STB Order”) pursuant to s 84A of the
Land Titles (Strata) Act (Cap 159, 1999 Rev Ed) (“the LTSA”). In this Order,
it was recorded, _inter alia_ , that:

(a) No objection to the sale of Lincolnsvale had been filed with the STB; and

(b) The STB was satisfied that the sale was in good faith taking into account
the sale price, the method of distributing the sales proceeds, and the
relationship of Sim Lian to any of the subsidiary proprietors;

7 Accordingly, it was ordered, _inter alia_ , that:

(a) All the units in Lincolnsvale be sold collectively to Sim Lian in
accordance with the S&P Agreement;

(b) All the subsidiary proprietors of Lincolnsvale be bound by all the terms
of the S&P Agreement as if they were parties to it; and

(c) All the subsidiary proprietors of Lincolnsvale execute, sign, deliver and
perfect all the necessary instruments to convey Lincolnsvale to Sim Lian.

8 Because the respondents did not obey the first STB Order, an application was
brought under s 84C of the LTSA to appoint one Mr Wong Kok Seng and one Mr Tan
Tze Suan to jointly deal with all matters in connection with the sale of the
respondents’ unit, including the redemption of mortgages and charges, the
execution of the transfer, the receipt of moneys, the settlement of
encumbrances of the unit, applying for a replacement or subsidiary certificate
of title, giving valid receipts thereof and paying the remaining moneys into
court under s 62 of the Trustees Act (Cap 337, 2005 Rev Ed). The STB so
ordered on 30 September 2006 (“the second STB Order”).

9 Consequently, the instruments necessary to effect the conveyance of the
respondents’ unit were signed on behalf of the respondents by Mr Wong and Mr
Tan. This included the instrument of transfer, which was dated 10 October 2006
and registered on 25 October 2006.

10 According to cl 17(1) of the terms and conditions of the Vendors’ tender
dated 22 November 2005 (“the Tender”), which formed part of the S&P Agreement,
all units in Lincolnsvale were to be sold with vacant possession; and that
vacant possession was to be delivered not more than six months from the date
of completion, which in the respondent’s case was 10 October 2006. Six months
from 10 October 2006, the respondents had not delivered vacant possession of
their unit and a letter of demand was issued and sent to the respondents’ unit
on 13 April 2006 by registered and normal post requesting that the respondents
move out by 18 April 2006. The respondents did not do so, and another letter
dated 19 April 2007 and delivered by hand and/or post advised the respondents
to deliver vacant possession immediately and that construction work was going
to start in Lincolnsvale. Two further reminders were sent on 20 and 21 April
2007. It appears that the respondents finally replied to these letters on 22
and 23 April 2007, seeking proof of the STB Orders.

11 Sim Lian’s solicitors then took out the present application on 23 April
2007 to force the eviction of the respondents. This was served personally on
the respondents, who accepted service at their unit in Lincolnsvale on 24
April 2007.

12 In the evening before the hearing before me, the respondents handed the key
to their unit in Lincolnsvale under protest to the night watchman, one Mr
Ganesan Rajakumaran. The handing over of the key was accompanied by a letter
dated 6 May 2007, which read:

As far as the notification went, I am able to declare to any Court that I have
not received a single cent over the enforced and purported sale of my
subsidiary property although I am forced to vacate from it. It was only
through my own diligence that I realised, but too belatedly, that some money
has gone into my CPF account. If this payment to the transaction [_sic_], it
will still be partial and huge shortfall remains.

That I am now leaving a door key to my property to your end’s watchman [_sic_]
is done strictly and solely under severe duress and intimidation for I do not
wish myself and wife to go bankrupt, guaranteed, given the project delays your
end was hovering over my head and, the lack of confidence of a sympathetic
court [_sic_].

13 Because of this letter, Sim Lian was not satisfied that the respondents’
handing over of the key to their unit to Mr Rajakumaran constituted an
unqualified delivery of vacant possession. As such, Sim Lian instructed its
solicitors to persist in its application in OS 618 of 2007.

14 On 7 May 2007, I heard argument for approximately two hours. Sim Lian was
represented by Mr Francis Goh; while the respondents appeared in person. I
should point out that the respondents had not entered appearance formally as
required under O 12 r 1 of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2006 Rev Ed)
(“the Rules”) and that according to O 13 r 4, Sim Lian would ordinarily have
been entitled to judgment in default of appearance. However, given that the
respondents had appeared personally and were prepared to proceed, and since
any judgment obtained in default of appearance could be set aside subsequently
pursuant to O 13 r 8, I allowed the respondents to present their case in the
interests of both fairness and expedience.

**Issues raised by the parties**

**_Sim Lian’s case_**

15 Sim Lian’s position is relatively straightforward: due process having been
followed, it is contractually entitled to the delivery of vacant possession of
all the units in Lincolnsvale. Accordingly, the court should allow its
application under O 81 of the Rules and order that the respondents hand over
possession of their unit immediately.

16 Specifically, it was argued by Mr Goh that Sim Lian may rely on the face of
the first STB Order confirming the legitimacy of its purchase of Lincolnsvale;
and the second STB Order, which appointed Mr Tan and Mr Wong to execute the
conveyance of the respondents’ unit to Sim Lian when the respondents refused
to do so. Once Mr Tan and Mr Wong had effected the transfer on 10 October
2006, time started running for the respondents to deliver vacant possession.

17 Mr Goh also suggested that the true objection of the respondents, as
evidenced in their letter dated 6 May 2007 (see [12] above), appears to be
that they have not received their share of the sale proceeds. In this regard,
Mr Goh noted that the respondents have received some of the moneys. The
balance has been paid into court, although 5% of the sale proceeds continue to
be withheld by the Vendors’ solicitors, and will be released only after vacant
possession is delivered as provided for in cl 17(1) of the Tender.
Furthermore, since it is the Vendors’ solicitors who are in charge of
disbursing the sale proceeds, any failure on their part to release the
respondents’ share of the sale proceeds do not concern Sim Lian.

18 At the conclusion of the hearing, I directed Mr Goh to submit (and serve on
the respondents) further arguments and authorities on whether, assuming that
the collective sale process was irregular or defective, Sim Lian would still
be entitled to judgment.

19 Mr Goh’s submission was that Sim Lian, being the registered owner of
Lincolnsvale, holds an indefeasible title free from all unregistered
encumbrances, liens, estates and interests. This is sufficient to find that
the respondents are trespassers and that they must turn in vacant possession
of their unit to Sim Lian. It was also contended that there is no place for
equity to intervene in the present context, primarily because the respondents
knew of the ongoing collective sale but wilfully chose not to participate or
even register their protests in accordance with the procedures laid down by
the relevant statutory provisions.

**_The respondents’ case_**

20 When the respondents were first asked to present their position, Mr Gan
acknowledged that they had no right to remain on the property; and that their
only concern was that they had not received their share of the sale proceeds.

21 Mdm Ching took exception to this characterisation of their case, and
instead raised, _inter alia_ , the following arguments:

(a) The process of the sale was defective, as evidenced in the following
instances:

(i) The sale committee was randomly formed based on who signed up first rather
than who was most suitable;

(ii) The extraordinary general meetings (“EOGMs”) on 12 January 2006, 17 March
2006 and 26 April 2006 to consider the sale were held only after the S&P
Agreement had been signed, and to this extent, they were a sham and
orchestrated simply to fulfil a statutory requirement that there must be an
EOGM to consider the sale;

(iii) There was no voting at any of the EOGMs;

(iv) The proper disclosures of vested interest were not made. For example, the
sale committee and/or the lawyers involved in the en-bloc sale might have been
affiliated to Sim Lian. Also, one of the sale committee members appears to
have been related to the owner of certain drainage reserve land in
Lincolnsvale (which was sold under a separate contract to Sim Lian) but this
kinship was not declared to the STB;

(v) They (_ie_ the respondents) were not fully informed, if at all, about the
sale of Lincolnsvale until everything had been signed. Notices should have
been sent to their Post Office Box address rather than any other address since
they were constantly moving between apartments;

(vi) They (_ie_ the respondents) had written to inquire as to whether there
were other parties who had submitted tender bids for Lincolnsvale during the
EOGM on 12 January 2006 EOGM but no reply was forthcoming;

(vii) Statute dictates that STB Orders must be “certified” before it has
binding effect in accordance with s 119 of the Building Maintenance and Strata
Management Act 2004 (No. 47 of 2004) (“the BMSMA”). This was not done for the
first and second STB Orders; and

(viii) They (_ie_ the respondents) have yet to receive the full sum they are
entitled to under the sale of Lincolnsvale;

(b) Even on Sim Lian’s best case, vacant possession should be delivered only
on 15 May 2007 at the earliest, as this was the indication in the EOGM
minutes; and

(c) The respondents have a fee simple title to their unit in Lincolnsvale and
this was inviolable and insulated them from any court proceedings, including
the present application by Sim Lian.

22 Above all, Mdm Ching was extremely upset at being dragged through the
present court proceedings and said as much that the application was an abuse
of process and an attempt at intimidating them. She also expressed that she
and her husband were under a lot of stress as a result of the entire affair
and had, in fact, suffered financially by having to pay some $5,500 to rent
alternative accommodation in such short notice.

**Analytical framework of O 81**

23 This is the first time that a Singapore court has had the opportunity to
rule on O 81 of the Rules; although, judging by the growing dissension as to
the propriety of en-bloc sales, this may not be the last. It may therefore be
useful to set out the key aspects of analysing applications under this
provision.

24 For convenience, O 81 r 1 of the Rules is set out, as follows:

Where a person claims possession of land which he alleges is occupied solely
by a person or persons (not being a tenant or tenants holding over after the
termination of the tenancy) who entered into or remained in occupation without
his licence or consent or that of any predecessor in title of his, the
proceedings may be brought by originating summons in accordance with the
provisions of this Order.

25 O 81 of the Rules was introduced in 1993 and is _in pari materia_ with O
113 of the former English Rules of the Supreme Court, which has since been
enacted as r 55.1(b) of the UK Civil Procedure Rules 1998 (SI 1998/3132). The
same language is also found in O 89 of the Malaysian Rules of the High Court.
Therefore, jurisprudence from the UK and Malaysia are especially helpful.

26 To begin with, it is clear from the wording of O 81 r 1 itself that the
provision is intended to apply only in specific situations. The procedure
cannot be used against a tenant or a tenant holding over at the end of
tenancy. In addition, the English courts have held that where a tenant allows
the defendant into the premises, the landlord cannot use the procedure against
the defendant unless the tenancy has been determined or surrendered: see,
_Auto Finance Ltd v Pugh_ (10 June 1985, unreported). In addition, where
complex issues as to title are engaged (_Cudworth v Masefield_ , The Times, 16
May 1984) or where there has been a surrender of a tenancy by operation of law
(_Cooper v Vardari_ (1986) 18 HLR 229), the procedure is not appropriate. This
is presumably due to the summary nature of the procedure.

27 O 81 may, however, be used where (a) the occupier has entered into
occupation without licence or consent; or (b) having initially entered with
licence or consent, has remained without licence or consent. Therefore, apart
from the easy case of an owner in fee simple in possession claiming against a
squatter, the procedure may be used by (see, Stuart Sime, _A Practical
Approach to Civil Procedure_ (New York: Oxford University Press, 8th ed, 2005)
at 226):

(a) A head landlord against unlawful subtenants (_Moore Properties (Ilford) v
McKeon_ [1976] 1 WLR 1278);

(b) The owner of premises against a person who had gone into possession as a
licensee but whose licence has expired (_Greater London Council v Jenkins_
[1975] 1 WLR 155). This includes a former employee whose right to remain has
been terminated (_Whitbread West Pennines Ltd v Reedy_ [1988] ICR 807);

(c) A tenant of premises against a person who, while the tenant was absent,
was let into occupation with the consent of the landlord (_Borg v Rogers_
(1981) 132 NLJ 134); and

(d) A licensee who was not in occupation of the land against a trespasser
where possession was necessary to give effect to the licensee’s contractual
rights of occupation (_Dutton v Manchester Airport plc_ [1999] 2 All ER 675).

It should be noted that, on the basis of _Greater London Council v Jenkins_
[1975] 1 All ER 354, once an applicant shows himself to fall within the terms
of O 81, the court has no discretion to prevent him from exploiting this
provision.

28 In my judgment, there can be no doubt that Sim Lian may proceed under O 81
in the light of the fact that it claims to be the rightful owner of all the
units in Lincolnsvale and that the respondents, having transferred their
rights in unit #01-02 to Sim Lian on 10 October 2006, were obliged to hand
over vacant possession within six months of the transfer as stated in the S&P
Agreement. This is therefore a clear case of owner versus alleged trespasser,
the paradigm scenario contemplated by O 81. Similar to the present case is
_Toh Kheng Heng & Anor v Ahmad Fauzi bin Mohd Taufek_ [1994] 1 MLJ 356 (“ _Toh
Kheng Heng_ ”), wherein the applicants were the registered owners of a piece
of land which they had bought from the previous owner with vacant possession.
They then sought to sell the land to another buyer and inspected the land
before doing so. They found the defendant and others in occupation of the land
and when the latter refused to obey a notice to quit, an application for
possession of land was brought. The High Court of Penang found that the
equivalent of our O 81 was the appropriate vehicle with which to enforce the
applicants’ rights in the land.

29 O 81 is intended to be a summary procedure, not unlike that provided for in
O 14 of the Rules. Thus, it is no surprise that principles familiar to summary
judgment are equally applicable to summary proceedings for possession of land;
and that this is also the current position in Malaysia. In _Chiu Wing Wa v Ong
Beng Cheng_ [1994] 1 MLJ 89 (“ _Chiu Wing Wa_ ”), Mohamed Azmi SCJ, writing
for the Supreme Court, Kuala Lumpur, held that (at 93):

The summary procedure under O 89 is governed by the same principles as those
under O 14 of the RHC 1980. To entitle a defendant to a trial, all he needs to
do is to show that there is a triable issue of law or fact. It is only in
clear cases of trespass that a summary order can be made under O 89.

See also, an earlier decision (_Bohari bin Taib & Ors v Pengarah Tanah Galian
Selangor_ [1991] 1 MLJ 343) in which Azmi SCJ employed terminology well-known
to proceedings for summary judgment such as “triable issues” or “arguable
case”.

30 The rationale for the summary nature of this provision was explained by
Lord Denning MR in _McPhail v Persons, Names Unknown; Bristol Corporation v
Ross and Anor_ [1973] 3 Ch 447 (“ _McPhail_ ”) at 457:

Although the law thus enables the owner to take the remedy into his own hand,
that is not a course to be encouraged. _In a civilised society, the courts
should themselves provide a remedy which is speedy and effective: and thus
make self-help unnecessary_. The courts of common law have done this for
centuries. The owner is entitled to go to the court and obtain an order that
the owner “do recover” the land, and to issue a writ of possession
immediately. That was the practice in the old action of ejectment which is
well described by Sir William Blackstone in his _Commentaries_ , 8th ed.
(1778), vol. III, pp. 200-205 and Appendix No. II; and by Maitland in his
_Equity_ (1909), pp. 352-354.

[emphasis added]

31 Several consequences flow from the summary nature of proceedings under O
81. First, where there is a dispute on the facts or on the legal issues, O 81
would not be the appropriate procedure and the applicant should have his claim
adjudicated by the usual process, including trial if necessary: see, for
example, _Henderson v Law_ (1984) 17 HLR 237; _Filemart v Avery_ (1989) 46 EG
92. In _Chiu Wing Wa_ , it was also elaborated that where there are “complex
and arguable” questions of law involved, the case should not be disposed of
summarily. However, where the issue raised is solely a question of law which
is readily unarguable without reference to any fact, or where the facts are
clear and undisputed, the court should exercise its duty to grant a summary
order.

32 As with applications under O 14, not _any_ dispute warrants a dismissal of
the application. Only those disputes that “ought to be tried” (see O 14 r
3(2)) are sufficient to repel judgment for the applicant. Therefore, a mere
assertion that there is a dispute as to whether the respondent to an O 81
application is a trespasser, unaccompanied by any substratum of evidence, is
woefully inadequate to attack the application. As put by Lord Diplock in the
Privy Council case of _Eng Mee Yong v Letchumanan_ [1979] 2 MLJ 212 at 217:

Although in the normal way it is not appropriate for a judge to attempt to
resolve conflicts of evidence on affidavit, this does not mean he is bound to
accept uncritically, as raising a dispute of fact which calls for further
investigation, every statement on an affidavit however equivocal, lacking in
precision, inconsistent with undisputed contemporary documents or other
statements or by the same deponent, or inherently improbable in itself it may
be.

33 Lord Diplock’s _dictum_ leads to a second point, which is that in summary
proceedings, it is not the function of the court to resolve the case on its
merits but only to judge whether there is a dispute that ought to be
adjudicated by trial. In this regard, once the applicant has presented a
_prima facie_ case, it falls on the responding party to “lead trump or risk
losing” (see, _1061590 Ontario Ltd v Ontario Jockey Club_ (1995) 21 O.R. (3d)
547 at 36). As articulated in Jeffrey Pinsler ed, _Singapore Court Practice
2006_ (Singapore: LexisNexis, 2006) (“ _Singapore Court Practice_ ”) at para
14/3/1:

Usually, the plaintiff will commence by making the appropriate introduction
and describing his claim. He may also have to deal with preliminary matters
raised by the court or the other party, such as irregularities in the
documents. If everything is in order, the defendant will be called upon within
a short time to make his case as the burden lies on him to establish his
entitlement to defend the action. It is for the defendant to ‘show cause’ to
the satisfaction of the court (r 2(3)).

34 Finally, because O 81 is a summary process, evidence is led by way of
affidavit: see, _Singapore Court Practice_ at para 81/1-9/6. However, while
the applicant must file an affidavit in support (see O 81 r 4), there is no
such obligation on the respondent. Nevertheless, a respondent is ill-advised
to adopt the risky strategy of not filing an affidavit because, without
evidence of its own, the respondent will be limited to pointing out _internal_
inconsistencies or contradictions in the applicant’s case. Assertions of
_fact_ unsupported by an accompanying affidavit are treated as bald statements
and should be given little, if any, weight. The requirement for affidavit
evidence is necessary to ensure that the evidence is credible, for there are
serious (including penal) consequences for lying in an affidavit.

**Assessment of the contentions raised by parties**

35 Only Sim Lian filed an affidavit in support of its application. Even though
I heard the respondents on 7 May 2007, this was in the absence of any
affidavit filed in support of their opposition to the application.
Notwithstanding that, the respondents did refer me to several documents, and
Mdm Ching also claimed that there were others that they did not have with them
at the time. Mindful that they were lay persons representing themselves, I
returned these documents to the respondents and gave them the opportunity to
file an affidavit exhibiting these and other documents (together with any
further submissions that they might have) by the following Monday, 14 May
2007. They did not do so. Strictly speaking, it should follow that their
arguments should be disregarded as being baseless since they refer to facts
not in evidence. Accordingly, as long as I satisfy myself that Sim Lian has
made out a _prima facie_ case, order in terms of OS 618 of 2007 should be
granted.

36 Nonetheless, out of deference to the effort made by the respondents, and in
order to ensure that substantive justice is done, I will analyse parties’
submissions accordingly.

37 In my view, this case may be resolved by asking whether there are triable
issues along the following dimensions:

(a) The purported irregularities in the sale of Lincolnsvale and whether they
would be sufficient to call into question Sim Lian’s registered title in
Lincolnsvale;

(b) The accuracy of the suggestion that even on the respondents’ worst case,
they should deliver vacant possession only on 15 May 2007 and that this
application is premature; and

(c) The correctness of the respondents’ assertion that their ownership of a
fee simple in unit #01-02 insulates them from the present proceedings.

**_Whether there are triable issues in respect of the purported irregularities
in the sale of Lincolnsvale, and their sufficiency to call into question Sim
Lian’s registered title in Lincolnsvale_**

38 The majority of the respondents’ complaints boil down to their belief that
the process of the collective sale of Lincolnsvale was defective in one way or
another (see [21(a)] above). This, in turn, raises the question of whether
there are triable issue issues regarding the purported deficiencies in the
process of the sale of Lincolnsvale. In order to ascertain whether it is even
necessary to reach the question just articulated, a brief discussion on Mr
Goh’s submission that registration-is-all (see [19] above) is apposite.

39 Sim Lian is undoubtedly the registered proprietor of Lincolnsvale. Under
the Torrens system employed by Singapore, it is deemed to take the land free
from any unregistered encumbrances. For all intents and purposes, it may deal
with it as it wishes. This much is clear from s 46(1) of the Land Titles Act
(Cap 157, 2004 Rev Ed) (“the LTA”):

46\. —(1) Notwithstanding —

(a) the existence in any other person of any estate or interest, whether
derived by grant from the State or otherwise, which but for this Act might be
held to be paramount or to have priority;

(b) any failure to observe the procedural requirements of this Act; and

(c) any lack of good faith on the part of the person through whom he claims,

_any person who becomes the proprietor of registered land, whether or not he
dealt with a proprietor, shall hold that land free from all encumbrances,
liens, estates and interests except such as may be registered or notified in
the land-register_ , but subject to —

(i) any subsisting exceptions, reservations, covenants and conditions,
contained or implied in the State grant or State lease thereof;

(ii) any subsisting easement or public right of way which was in existence at
the date on which the land was brought under the provisions of this Act and
any right on, above or under any land created before or after 1st March 1994
in favour of a public authority under any statute and any statutory easement
implied under sections 98, 99, 101, 102 and 104;

(iii) any statutory obligation as defined in section 142;

(iv) the power to correct errors conferred on the Registrar by section 159;

(v) the power to rectify the land-register conferred upon the court by section
160;

(vi) the rights of any person in occupation of the land under a tenancy when
the proprietor became registered as such, being a tenancy the term of which
does not exceed 7 years and could not have been extended by exercise of the
option of renewal to exceed an aggregate of 7 years; and

(vii) the power conferred on the court to make a declaration in respect of any
transfer or an order to rectify the land-register and the power conferred on
the Registrar to suspend or cancel the registration of the transfer and any
relating instrument by section 24 of the Residential Property Act (Cap. 274)
in respect of any residential property (the expressions “transfer” and
“residential property” to have the meanings assigned by that Act).

[emphasis added]

40 The strict regime envisioned by the Torrens system is consistent with its
objectives, which were stated in the following terms in _Gibbs v Messer_
[1891] AC 248 at 254:

The object is to save persons dealing with the registered proprietors from all
the trouble and expense of going behind the register in order to investigate
the history of their author’s title, and to satisfy themselves of its
validity. That end is accomplished by providing that everyone who purchases in
_bona fide_ and for value from a registered proprietor and enters his deed of
transfer or mortgage on the register, shall thereby acquire an indefeasible
right, notwithstanding the infirmity of his author’s title.

41 This rationale was accepted by the Minister during the second reading of
the Land Titles Bill (see, _Singapore Parliamentary Debates, Official Report_
(24 August 1955) vol 1 at cols 569–571). It was also mentioned at col 570
that:

_The new Register will afford conclusive proof of the ownership ofland, by an
instrument called a Certificate of Title_. The difference between the Title
Register and the present Deeds Register is the difference between the positive
and the negative. The Registration of Deeds Ordinance, in effect, says, "If
you do not register your deed, it will be bad." The Land Titles Bill says, in
effect, "If you do register your deed, it will be good." Between the economic
consequences of these two effects, there is a wide gulf.

[emphasis added]

42 All this might lead one to think, as do the learned authors of _Halsbury’s
Laws of Singapore_ (Singapore: Lexis Nexis 2005), vol. 14, at [170.0233], that
“a registered proprietor gets an _immediate_ indefeasible title, even where
his registration is based on a void instrument.” [emphasis added] If this is
true, Sim Lian’s registered title can only be defeated by the respondents
bringing themselves (a) within any of the recognised exceptions to
indefeasibility in s 46(2) of the LTA; or (b) within the scope of s 160 of the
LTA, which allows the court to rectify the register if there is “fraud,
omission or mistake”.

43 There is, however, considerable debate in the common law world (and in
particular in those jurisdictions employing the Torrens systems) regarding
whether a purchaser of property who registers his purchase obtains an
indefeasible title _vis-à-vis_ the original proprietor such that the validity
of the documents on which registration took place or any irregularity in the
process of registration could not defeat a registered title; or whether only a
_subsequent_ purchaser who had dealt on the faith of the register would have
an indefeasible title. These positions are known, respectively, as the
theories of _immediate_ and _deferred_ indefeasibility. The practical
difference between the two is illustrated in a situation where there has been
fraud on the part of a third party in connection with the sale and purchase of
property between the original proprietor and the registered purchaser; and the
latter has no knowledge of the fraud. If registered titles are immediately
indefeasible, the registered purchaser has good title unless the fraud
occurred before registration and the fraud is brought home to him. If
indefeasibility is deferred, only a subsequent purchaser will not be affected
by the fraud. It has been argued by Professor Tan Sook Yee in _Principles of
Singapore Land Law_ (Singapore: Butterworths Asia, 2nd ed, 2001) (“
_Principles of Singapore Land Law_ ”) at 247-252 that the LTA is
“schizophrenic” in so far as s 46 appears to support the theory of immediate
indefeasibility, while s 160, which allows the correction of the register on
the basis of fraud, omission and mistake as long as the “proprietor is a party
or privy to the omission, fraud or mistake in consequence of which the
rectification is sought, or has caused that omission, fraud or mistake or
substantially contributed thereto by his act, neglect or default” seems to
support the theory of deferred indefeasibility because it does not expressly
require the mistake, fraud or omission to have been committed by the
registered proprietor or his agent before registration. Professor Tan also
posits that even as a matter of principle, it is not immediately obvious which
theory the Torrens system supports; although, to be sure, the Land Titles
Ordinance 1956 (the predecessor to the LTA) was based on immediate
indefeasibility. On the one hand, it may be argued that immediate
indefeasibility would make transactions efficient. Moreover, it does not
result in the unpalatable consequence of an innocent registered purchaser
being forced to forfeit his property even though he commits no wrong. On the
other, it may be asserted that efficiency is not greatly compromised by a
system that makes a title indefeasible only when the property is on-sold.
Additionally, deferred indefeasibility protects the original proprietor who
may be innocent of any wrongdoing.

44 These arguments met their fate in a recent Court of Appeal decision,
_United Overseas Bank Ltd v Bebe bte Mohammad_[2006] 4 SLR 884 (“ _Bebe_ ”),
in which it was held that in order to be consistent with the LTA’s framework,
the fraud, omission or mistake in s 160 must take place before the
registration of any transfer of property and must be brought home to the
registered proprietor. Any fault on the part of third parties would not affect
a registered title. As Chan Sek Keong CJ, writing for the court, observed at
[47]:

[This interpretation] avoids the incongruence of Parliament conferring
indefeasibility upon the registered proprietor in terms of s 46(1), while
empowering the court to take it away not on the basis of the dishonest act or
conduct of the registered proprietor, but on the basis of someone else’s
dishonest act or conduct of which the registered proprietor might have had no
knowledge.

Accordingly, the court was of the view that the LTA firmly supported the
theory of immediate indefeasibility. At [95], Chan CJ elaborated:

We have explained earlier that s 160 is intended to apply to cases that fall
within the exceptions in ss 46(2)(_a_)–46(2)(_e_), and that such exceptions
will have effect only if they existed before or at the time the contract
relating to the dealing is entered into or the instrument of dealing is
registered. For this reason, s 160 does not affect the principle of immediate
indefeasibility. The effect of the doctrine of immediate indefeasibility under
ss 46(1) and 47(3) is to limit all personal equity claims to those existing at
the time the relevant contract relating to the dealing was entered into or
before or at the time of the registration of the instrument relating to the
dealing, and to exclude all those which come into existence after.

Harking back to the policy reasons behind the Torrens system, the court
rationalised that (at [92]):

The LTA in introducing the Torrens system was designed to simplify land
dealings and to give finality to the title of the registered proprietor.
Section 46(1) gives him an indefeasible statutory title upon registration of
the instrument of transfer or mortgage, subject only to the overriding
interests in s 46(1) and the exceptions to indefeasibility in s 46(2).

45 Be that as it may, it not necessary to disentangle this knot on the facts
of this case. The respondents are not relying on any act done by any third
party that might vitiate Sim Lian’s title. Sim Lian is itself the registered
purchaser of Lincolnsvale from its original proprietors, who include the
respondents; and is (through its solicitors) a party to the (allegedly
defective) collective sale. In addition, given the proximity of Sim Lian to
the collective sale, it would have been privy to any flaw in the sale process,
if they existed. Moreover, the respondents are alleging irregularities in the
process of the sale and purchase of Lincolnsvale prior to the registration of
the transfer. Therefore, even if indefeasibility is immediate, it is possible
that if the transfer was diseased, Sim Lian may not have good title.

46 In order to determine the precise boundaries of the court’s powers to find
that a registered title has been defeated, it is necessary to refer first to s
46(2) of the LTA, which is in the following terms:

Nothing in this section shall be held to prejudice the rights and remedies of
any person —

(a) to have the registered title of a proprietor defeated on the ground of
fraud or forgery to which that proprietor or his agent was a party or in which
he or his agent colluded;

(b) to enforce against a proprietor any contract to which that proprietor was
a party;

(c) to enforce against a proprietor who is a trustee the provisions of the
trust;

(d) to recover from a proprietor land acquired by him from a person under a
legal disability which was known to the proprietor at the time of dealing; or

(e) to recover from a proprietor land which has been unlawfully acquired by
him in purported exercise of a statutory power or authority.

Section 46(2) of the LTA should be read in conjunction with s 160, which
provides that the court may rectify the register in certain circumstances and
in order to give substance to any justified claim that the registered
proprietor’s title has been defeated on the grounds enumerated in s 46(2):

160\. —(1) Subject to subsection (2), the court may order rectification of the
land-register by directing that any registration be cancelled or amended in
any of the following cases:

(a) where 2 or more persons have, by mistake, been registered as proprietors
of the same registered estate or interest in the land comprised in a folio;

(b) where the court is satisfied that any registration or notification of an
instrument has been obtained through fraud, omission or mistake; or

(c) where the court has declared that any instrument which purports to pass
any estate or interest in any residential property within the meaning of the
Residential Property Act (Cap. 274) is void under section 24 of that Act.

(2) The land-register shall not be rectified so as to affect the registered
estate or interest of a proprietor who is in possession unless that proprietor
is a party or privy to the omission, fraud or mistake in consequence of which
the rectification is sought, or has caused that omission, fraud or mistake or
substantially contributed thereto by his act, neglect or default.

(3) Subsection (2) shall not apply in the circumstances referred to in
subsection (1) (c).

47 Sections 46(2) and 160 are self-explanatory; but one thorny issue remains,
which is this. Despite their relatively clear words, it was held in _Ho Kon
Kim v Lim Gek Kim Betsy and Others and Another Appeal_ [2001] 4 SLR 340 (“
_Betsy Lim_ ”) that among the recognised exceptions to indefeasibility are
claims _in personam_ made against the registered proprietor by reason of his
own conduct. This position – that personal equity may defeat title – is
consistent with prior case law (_United Overseas Finance Ltd v Victor
Sakayamary & Ors_ [1977] 3 SLR 211; _Teo Siew Peng v Neo Hock Pheng_ [1999] 1
SLR 293) as well as the stance adopted in other jurisdictions employing the
Torrens systems; and in particular, Australia (see, _Frazer v Walker_ [1967] 1
AC 569 and _Bahr v Nicolay (No 2)_ (1988) 62 ALJR 268). But, with respect,
there is some conceptual difficulty in reconciling this position with ss 46(2)
and 160 of the LTA, as well as the overriding directive expressed in s 3(1) of
the LTA, which repeals “all Acts, regulations, rules, and other laws, and all
practices, relating to estates and interests in land…so far as they are
inconsistent with the provisions of [the LTA] in their application to
registered land”. As Professor Tan notes in _Principles of Singapore Land Law_
at 246:

The point of confusion in regard to the personal equity and the Land Titles
Act lies not in the overlapping between the statutory provisions and the
general law, but in the placing of the court’s power to rectify the register
on grounds set out in section 160 as an overriding interest as distinct from a
simple exception to the indefeasibility of the registered title under section
46(2).

48 It was only in _Bebe_ that the Court of Appeal recognised this
philosophical inconsistency; and the court all but prospectively overruled its
decision in _Betsy Lim_ (see, in particular, [77] of the judgment: “should a
dispute on similar facts come before this court in future, the decision in
_Betsy_ would have to be reconsidered for consistency with the policy of the
LTA”). Thus, the effect of _Bebe_ in respect of the compatibility of personal
equities within the framework of the LTA is that (at [91] of the judgment):

(a) In so far as whether “fraud” under the LTA could be given an extended
meaning that would include “equitable fraud where there is present dishonesty
or moral turpitude”, this remained an open question; and

(b) To the extent that there may other forms of personal equities, the courts
should be “slow to engraft onto the LTA personal equities that are not
referable directly or indirectly to the exceptions in s 46(2) of the LTA”.
This caution applies equally to the “amorphous concept of conscience”: see
[71] of the judgment in _Bebe_.

49 Perhaps I should add just one further observation on _Bebe_. It is clear
from the reasoning of the court that s 160 should be read in relation to s
46(2), and that the two provisions are linked as follows:

With this contextual background in mind, the meaning of the words “
_registration of any instrument has been obtained_ ” in s 160(1) is plain:
they refer to the fraud, omission or mistake of the party who presents the
instrument to the registry for registration. With respect to fraud, this
interpretation provides the linkage to s 46(2)(_a_) as it is only the fraud to
which the registered proprietor or his agent is a party or in which he or his
agent colluded that is capable of defeating his otherwise indefeasible title.
With respect to omission or mistake, this interpretation provides the linkage
to ss 46(2)(_b_)–46(2)(_e_) as it should only be the mistake or omission of
the registered proprietor that is capable of prejudicing the rights of other
parties in relation to the properties in question.

[emphasis in original]

From this passage, one might be get the impression that the court was
attempting to narrow the seemingly broad scope of the court’s powers to
rectify the register on any “fraud, omission or mistake”. In my view, the
court was simply making the point that in order for s 160 to be consistent
with the overall regime of the LTA, including s 46, the fraud, omission or
mistake had to belong to the registered proprietor or his agent before any
rectification can be contemplated. It does not appear that the court intended
to limit the breadth of s 160 in any other regard. In fact, the court had
earlier held that (at [28]):

The LTA conferred an indefeasible title on the mortgagee, subject only to
certain _overriding interests_ , which included the powers of the Registrar
and the court to rectify the land-register under ss 159 and 160 respectively,
_and the exceptions specified in s 46(2) of the LTA_.

[emphasis added]

If the court intended for s 160 to ape s 46(2) – that is, for it simply to be
the remedial provision for the substantive provisions in s 46(2) – s 160 would
not be considered an “overriding” provision; nor would the court list the
exceptions specified in s 46(2) of the LTA separate from s 160. Thus, while s
160 may encompass s 46(2), the converse is certainly not the case. As to the
precise ambit of s 160, that can, presumably, only be refined through the
factual matrices presented in future cases.

50 The upshot of the foregoing discussion is this: notwithstanding that titles
registered possess immediate indefeasibility, that indefeasibility may still
be undercut if the registered proprietor has committed or colluded in any act
enumerated in ss 46(2) or 160 prior to the registration of his ownership in
the property. Here, the respondents are alleging that the various deficiencies
in the sale process are sufficiently grave to defeat Sim Lian’s title in that:

(a) There would be fraud contrary to s 46(2)(_a_) and 160(1)(_b_),
particularly in respect of Sim Lian’s failure to disclose its relationship to
the subsidiary proprietors and its non-payment of the sale proceeds to the
respondents;

(b) That because of the irregularities of the collective sale, the first and
second STB Orders were improvidently granted, and that Sim Lian had, in
violation of s 46(2)(_e_), unlawfully acquired Lincolnsvale in purported
exercise of a statutory power or authority under the relevant statutes;

(c) That, contrary to s 160(1)(_b_), it was mistake on the part of Sim Lian to
rely on the first and second STB Orders in registering the respondents’
transfer of unit #01-02 because they were not duly “certified”; and

(d) On the assumption that it may still be open (at least in some
circumstances) to argue that an original proprietor’s personal equity against
the registered purchaser is an exception to indefeasibility, the conduct of
Sim Lian in its purchase of Lincolnsvale (especially in failing to apprise the
respondents of what was going on) is unconscionable.

51 Before embarking on an analysis of whether Sim Lian’s title is liable to be
defeated in the manner explicated above, I wish to impress upon the
respondents that, in truth, the present application is not the appropriate
forum to vent many, if not all, their grievances relating to the purported
irregularities in the process of the sale of Lincolnsvale. This is because
under s 98(1) of the BMSMA, it is explicitly stated that “no appeal shall lie
to the High Court against an order made by [the STB] under this Part or the
[LTSA] _except on a point of law_.” [emphasis added] It stands to reason that
a purchaser of a development pursuant to a collective sale is entitled to rely
on any order issuing from the STB, bar any reversal by the High Court on
appeal against a point of law. _Facts_ forming the basis of orders and which
have been taken to be accurate by the STB are _not_ subject to appeal.
Accordingly, when the STB in the present case held that the sale was
legitimate and conducted in good faith and at arm’s length (at [6] above),
that finding is immune from attack. To raise allegations in this application
pertaining to the veracity of the facts asserted in the STB Orders is
tantamount to an appeal by the back-door and ought not to be allowed. Whether
or not s 98(1) of the BMSMA is advisable in view of growing public concerns
that the current regime controlling collective sales is inadequate to protect
the rights and interests of subsidiary proprietors who dissent from a
collective sale is beyond the purview and jurisdiction of this court.

52 Furthermore, no appeal having been lodged, the respondents must also be
taken to have accepted the _legal_ basis on which the first and second STB
Orders were made. It is pertinent to note that it was conceded by Mdm Ching
that, at the very least, the first STB Order was properly served on them.
Hence, any quarrel that the respondents may have in respect of the legitimacy
or authenticity of the STB Orders (including the allegation at [21(a)(viii)]
above) should have been raised on appeal.

53 I should also add that while s 98(1) of the BMSMA forbids _appeals_ except
on questions of law, it does not foreclose the possibility of _judicial
review_. This was yet another avenue open to the respondents had they thought
that the first and second STB Orders were _ultra vires_ the statute and/or
where there is illegality, irrationality or procedural impropriety in the
manner in which it made its decisions: see, the most recent exposition on the
principles of judicial review in _Chee Siok Chin and Others v Minister for
Home Affairs and Another_ [2006] 1 SLR 582.

54 I now return to the question of whether the respondents have demonstrated a
triable issue in respect of whether Sim Lian’s title ought to be defeated.

55 In order to assess whether the facts are sufficient to discharge the
respondents’ burden in this application, it is first necessary to sketch the
legal context within which collective sales are initiated and carried through.
At the risk of over-simplification, the following are the relevant
considerations:

(a) Subsidiary proprietors of any development may decide to collectively sell
their development by signing a collective sale agreement between themselves
(para 1 of the Schedule to the LTSA);

(b) The subsidiary proprietors have 12 months from the time of the first
signature to obtain the requisite number of signatures and to file the
application for approval by the STB (para 1(_a_) and 1A of the Schedule to the
LTSA);

(c) Every eight weeks, a notice setting out the number of subsidiary
proprietors who have signed the collective sale agreement and the proportion
of the total share value of the development that these subsidiary proprietors
represent must be affixed at a conspicuous part of each building in the
development in the four official languages (para 1(_b_) of the Schedule to the
LTSA);

(d) The sale must be considered at an extraordinary general meeting of the
management corporation in accordance with s 27(3) of the BMSMA read with the
first Schedule to the BMSMA (para 1(_c_) of the Schedule to the LTSA);

(e) An advertisement of the proposed sale in the four official languages must
be placed in the local newspapers (para 1(_d_) of the Schedule to the LTSA);

(f) All collective sales that are not unanimously agreed upon must then be
approved by the STB (s 84A(1) of the LTSA);

(g) A threshold requirement is that for developments over 10 years, subsidiary
proprietors representing at least 80% of the share value of the development
must assent in writing to the sale. The threshold is 90% for developments
fewer than 10 years (s 84A(1)(_a_) and (_b_) of the LTSA);

(h) Applications to the STB to confirm the sale should be made by not more
than three representatives from among the subsidiary proprietors (s 84A(2) of
the LTSA);

(i) For subsidiary proprietors who have not written to assent to the sale (so-
called “affected parties” under the LTSA), they have 21 days to lodge an
objection with the STB from the time notice of the proposed application to the
STB to confirm the sale is sent to them (s 84A(4) of the LTSA);

(j) Notice is effected by registered post to the address shown on the strata
roll if the affected party is a subsidiary proprietor of a lot in the strata
title plan (which he invariably will be). If the affected party is a
proprietor of a flat or land, notice must be sent by registered post to the
last recorded address at the Registry of Titles or Registry of Deeds. (See
further, para 2 of the Schedule to the LTSA for other scenarios not presently
applicable.) Notice by registered post is deemed effective on the person to
whom it is addressed two days after the day on which the notice was posted,
notwithstanding the fact that the letter may be returned by the post office as
undelivered (s 84A(13) of the LTSA);

(k) The notice must include the collective sale agreement, the sale and
purchase agreement that is going to be placed before the STB, a statutory
declaration by the purchaser on the nature of his relationship to any
subsidiary proprietor, the minutes of an extraordinary general meeting or
meeting held to consider the sale, a copy of the advertisement to publicise
the application to the STB, a valuation report not more than three months old,
and a report stating how the proceeds of sale will be distributed (para 1(_e_)
of the Schedule to the LTSA);

(l) This notice, with the accompanying documents, must also be placed under
the door of every subsidiary proprietor in the development and affixed to a
conspicuous part of each building within the development in the four official
languages (para 1(_e_) and (_f_) of the Schedule to the LTSA);

(m) Once the application to the STB is made, it has various statutory powers
to enable it to ensure that the sale is approved only after taking into
account any objections lodged with it and to assess whether the transaction is
in good faith and commercially sensible (ss 84(5) to (9) and (11) to (12) of
the LTSA);

(n) If no objections are filed, the STB is entitled to base its decisions on
the facts available before it (s 84A(10) of the LTSA);

(o) Once an order is made by the STB, it binds all subsidiary proprietors of
the development (84B(1) of the LTSA); and

(p) Where the STB has confirmed the sale of the development, it may appoint
any person to deal with all matters in connection with the sale of any lot if
the subsidiary proprietor has died or in any other suitable event (s 84C of
the LTSA).

56 This matrix of rules and regulations governing en-bloc sales is an attempt
at striking a balance between the interests of the majority in wanting to sell
the development (together with the public interest in allowing privately-
initiated renewal of old developments) and the interests of individual
subsidiary proprietors. Some of these regulations may be amended if the
proposals announced by Deputy Prime Minister and Minister for Law S Jayakumar
during the Committee of Supply Debate 2007 are adopted (see, the Ministry of
Law website at http://www.minlaw.gov.sg (accessed: 21 May 2007)). The present
application must, however, be assessed on the _present_ incarnation of the
LTSA and other relevant statutes.

57 To assess whether there are triable issues in respect of whether Sim Lian’s
title remains indefeasible, I will now examine the specific allegations raised
by the respondents in relation to the purported inadequacies of the process of
the collective sale.

_Composition of the en-bloc sale committee_

58 The respondents first argued that the en-bloc sale committee appointed by
the subsidiary proprietors was not properly constituted because it was simply
picked on the basis of who had signed up for the position earliest and that
there was no consideration of the merits of the members of the sale committee.
It was also submitted that the respondents had asked the sale committee for
details of other bids for the development but received no reply.

59 This description may not be entirely accurate. In fact, an examination of
the minutes of an EOGM held on 26 April 2006 showed that there was a
discussion on the number and details of other bids (see [65] below). Had the
respondents been patient, they would have received their answer. But even if
the respondents’ portrayal of the sale committee’s ineptness is correct, it is
clear that the LTSA and the BMSMA do not presently regulate the composition of
the en-bloc sale committee; and therefore the subsidiary proprietors are free
to select whomever they wish to represent them in whatever manner they choose
to make that selection. Moreover, the LTSA does not regulate how the sale
committee should respond (or indeed if they have to respond at all) to queries
and concerns of the subsidiary proprietors. Thus, while one may sympathise
with the respondents’ grievances, the only recourse of subsidiary proprietors
who are dissatisfied with the sale committee’s performance appears to be that
they may refuse to sign on to the collective sale agreement and/or lodge an
objection with the STB.

60 That this is the correct interpretation of the relevant statutes is
reinforced by the fact that the Ministry of Law is now proposing that sale
committees should be appointed at an extraordinary general meeting convened by
the management corporation meeting in order to address feedback from minority
owners over the transparency of the sale process: see, para 12-14 of the
_Consultation Paper on Review of Enbloc Sale Legislation_ (April 2007),
available at http://www.minlaw.gov.sg (accessed: 21 May 2007). Accordingly,
this complaint cannot stand.

_Non-disclosure of certain relationships_

61 The respondents further allege that it was not disclosed that one of the
members of the sale committee was related to the owner of certain drainage
reserve in the development and that there might have been an affiliation or
relationship between Sim Lian and/or its solicitors and the subsidiary
proprietors.

62 The first instance of non-disclosure, if true, is not material. The LTSA
does not forbid a member of the sale committee to possess a vested interest in
the sale of a development by virtue of the fact that he owns other lots apart
from his residential unit in the same development. What the LTSA does mandate
is the disclosure of any links between the proposed purchaser and the
subsidiary proprietors in order to ensure that the sale is at arm’s length:
see para 1(_e_) of the Schedule to the LTSA.

63 In this regard, it is a mere hypothesis on the part of the respondents that
a relationship existed between Sim Lian and the subsidiary proprietors, which
ought to have been disclosed. It was not even explained whom among the
subsidiary proprietors were related to Sim Lian. Clearly, this bare assertion
is not sufficient to warrant a trial.

64 In any event, Sim Lian would have had to make a statutory declaration of
any relationship (if any) it had with the subsidiary proprietors pursuant to
the application to the STB to confirm the sale. Having done so, there is no
reason to doubt the veracity of the contents of the declaration given the
consequences that Sim Lian faces if it had made any false declarations.

65 More to the point, the LTSA only directs that such relationships are
_disclosed_ ; it does not _forbid_ them _per se_. In the end, the overriding
concern is to protect the commercial interests of the subsidiary proprietors
and to ensure these interests are not subservient to any other considerations.
In other words, even if the proposed purchaser and subsidiary proprietors are
related, it is not conclusive of whether the sale should be confirmed. Here,
the minutes of an EOGM held on 26 April 2006 recorded that four bids (of
between $48.5 m and $50.53 m) and two expressions of interest were received
after a tender for Lincolnsvale was circulated. Given that the collective sale
was concluded at $50.53 m, it is only reasonable to assume that the majority
of the subsidiary proprietors simply picked the highest bid. In the
circumstances, there is no reasonable basis to hold that anything other than
commercial interests were at play. Put another way, even if Sim Lian did share
a relationship with the subsidiary proprietors, and even if this was
disclosed, the STB would in all probability have still confirmed the sale.

66 Therefore, the respondents have not done enough to show that there is a
triable issue in respect of whether Sim Lian’s title can be impugned due to
the alleged non-disclosure of its relationship with the Vendors.

_Failure to serve notice of sale and proposed application to STB_

67 It was a constant refrain of the respondents’ case that they were kept in
the dark for the most part and that they were only informed of what was
happening after everything had been signed.

68 It strikes me that the reason for the respondents’ unfortunate situation
may have been the result of an accidental confluence of two factors. First,
when an en-bloc sale is initially proposed, the LTSA does not make it
compulsory for each subsidiary proprietor to be personally informed. While
personal notice is eventually required, there is nothing mandating a sale
committee (so long as it is able to garner the requisite shareholding) to
publicise the sale to each and every subsidiary proprietor personally, save
that a notice of who has assented to the collective sale agreement must be
affixed in a conspicuous part of each building in the development every eight
weeks (para 1(_b_) of the Schedule to the LTSA).

69 In fact, looking at the various regulations together, personal notice is
only required when an application to the STB to confirm the sale is nigh. By
this time, the collective sale agreement and sale and purchase agreement
would, presumably, have been concluded. For instance, para 1(_d_) of the
Schedule to the LTSA directs an advertisement to be placed publicising the
proposed application to the STB to confirm the sale. The application must then
be made 14 days from the advertisement: see para 4 of the Schedule to the
LTSA. In turn, this advertisement must be part of the documents included in a
notice served on all subsidiary proprietors of the proposed application: see
para 1(_e_) of the Schedule to the LTSA. As I understand the interaction of
these provisions, personal notice of the proposed application is thus only
required less than two weeks from the application to the STB. There must, of
course, be an EOGM to consider the sale, but no time-lines are mandated in the
LTSA. Thus, as in this case, the EOGM held to consider the sale may well take
place _after_ the collective sale agreement and/or the sale and purchase
agreement with the prospective purchaser are concluded. Although this would
defeat what I assume to be at least one of the purposes behind the LTSA
requiring an EOGM – _viz_., to publicise and discuss the prospective sale
_before_ it is concluded – this cannot be considered, in the absence of
legislation stating otherwise, contrary to law.

70 The short point is this: as long as the sale committee (who may be composed
of anyone) has been able to amass the requisite majority, it is under no
obligation to bring the sale to the individual attention of all the subsidiary
proprietors. Of course, _in practice_ , it would be difficult to get a
majority without some active publicity. But that may still leave a significant
minority of owners whom, for instance, may not actually reside in their units
on a daily basis, completely out of the loop.

71 In the present case, and this is the second factor, Mdm Ching informed me
that the respondents did not move into Lincolnsvale until March 2006. By then,
the requisite number of subsidiary proprietors had assented to the en-bloc
sale and the S&P Agreement was concluded on 25 November 2005. Even though the
respondents did attend the first of three EOGMs held to consider the
collective sale on 12 January 2006 (they did not dispute receiving notices of
all three EOGMs), this would still have been only after the collective sale
had all but gone through.

72 Reverting to the respondents’ chief grouse that they had been ignorant of
the sale until it had been concluded, this is, as alluded to above, entirely
possible. But because the sale committee was simply following the rules laid
down in the LTSA, this alone is not sufficient to raise a triable issue in
respect of whether there had been a fraud on the respondents or any sharp
practice amounting to unconscionable conduct. The statutory rules governing
en-bloc sales were designed to strike a balance between minority and majority
home owners, and if the rules need to be fine-tuned, it is for Parliament to
do so, and not for this court to pass judgment on the rules by holding that
even though the sale committee played by the book, the registered title that
Sim Lian acquired through the sale ought to be impugned.

73 In addition, I find that any equity that one might think ought to arise in
favour of the respondents is militated by the respondents’ own conduct, as
follows:

(a) At the very latest, the respondents knew on 12 January 2006 that
Lincolnsvale was being put up for sale. This was the date of the first EOGM
held to consider the sale, which the respondents attended but left mid-way
through the meeting;

(b) The respondents also admitted that they received notices of all three
EOGMs held to consider the sale;

(c) They were also in possession of the minutes of these EOGMs, and were able
to make reference to them in the hearing before me;

(d) At all three EOGMs, owners were told that if the sale was not supported by
all the owners, an application would have to be made to the STB to confirm the
sale; and that once the STB made its order, completion of the sale would take
place within three months and that vacant possession was to be delivered six
months from the completion;

(e) A notice was sent on 8 May 2006, as required under para 1(_e_) of the
Schedule to the LTSA, informing the respondents of the intention to apply to
the STB for an order confirming the sale of Lincolnsvale. This notice included
information on how to lodge a formal objection with the STB;

(f) The notice mentioned in [73(_e_)] above was sent to the respondents at
both addresses indicated on the strata title roll, including their Post Office
Box address, which Mdm Ching said was the appropriate address to send
documents to. The notice was also placed under their door in Lincolnsvale. It
should be noted that by 8 May 2006, the respondents were already residing in
Lincolnsvale;

(g) The application to the STB to confirm the sale was itself served on 17 May
2006 on all subsidiary proprietors by placing a copy at the main door of each
unit and by affixing a copy to a conspicuous part of each building in the
development. Subsidiary owners who had not yet assented to the sale were also
sent copies by registered post to the addresses recorded in the strata roll
and to their last recorded addresses at the Singapore Land Authority;

(h) On 1 June 2006, Mr Gan wrote a letter to a few of his neighbours,
referencing the “bundle of documents recently dropped under our door in the
name of your private arrangement to sell the estate of Lincolnsvale together
with some fellow residents.” This clearly showed that the respondents were
receiving all the notices sent to their unit in Lincolnsvale (see [73 (_e_)
and (_g_)] above). Despite this, Mr Gan continued to insist that all
correspondence be sent to his Post Office Box address.

(i) The respondents did not file any objections to the sale of Lincolnsvale
with the STB;

(j) The Vendors’ solicitors, M/s Phang & Co, sent a letter to all owners,
attaching a copy of the first STB Order on 26 June 2006. In this letter, it
was spelt out that completion was scheduled to take place on 21 September
2006, and reiterated that owners had six months from then to deliver vacant
possession. M/s Phang & Co’s contact details were provided;

(k) Mdm Ching admitted in the hearing before me that she had sight of the
first STB Order through her neighbour;

(l) M/s Phang & Co sent a letter dated 21 August 2006 to the respondents and
addressed it to both the Lincolnsvale and Post Office Box addresses. This
letter advised the respondents on their obligations under the first STB Order,
and explained the consequences of a failure to comply (_viz_., that the
Vendors would apply to appoint representatives to conduct the sale on the
respondents’ behalf);

(m) This letter also mentioned that Mr Gan had been contacted by phone but
that he refused to listen and insisted on written correspondence;

(n) A letter dated 26 August 2006 informing the respondents that an
application was going to be made to the STB to appoint two majority owners to
execute the necessary documents on the respondents’ behalf was sent to the
respondents at three different addresses, including the Post Office Box
address. This letter also enclosed the said application;

(o) Another letter dated 28 August 2006 was sent informing the respondents
that the hearing of the said application [see 73(_n_) above] was scheduled for
23 September 2006;

(p) The respondents did not appear before the STB on 23 September. The STB
directed that notice of the application and hearing be advertised. This was
done on 26 September 2006 in _The Straits Times_ at page C 17;

(q) On 30 September 2006, the respondents still did not attend the hearing
before the STB and the latter finally made its second Order appointing Mr Wong
and Mr Tan to handle the sale of the respondents’ unit;

(r) M/s Phang & Co again wrote to the respondents in a letter dated 3 October
2006 to serve the second STB Order and inform them that the new date for
completion was 10 October 2006. This letter was also sent to the respondents’
Post Office Box address;

(s) On 5 October 2006, the respondents were told that, pursuant to a letter
that was again sent to the respondents’ Post Office Box address, the proceeds
of the sale of their unit were being paid into court;

(t) From the sale proceeds of $1,247,654.30, a sum of $889,711.97 was repaid
to the respondents’ Central Provident Fund account. After deducting various
costs and expenses, the balance up to 95% of the sale proceeds (_ie_ ,
$207,645.71) was paid into court. M/s Phang & Co is holding the remaining 5%
of the sale proceeds until vacant possession is delivered. This is in
accordance with cl 17(1) of the Tender; and

(u) The information at [73(_t_)] above was conveyed by registered post to
three addresses, including the respondents’ Post Office Box address. The
respondents also refused service of this letter at their Lincolnsvale unit.

74 Given the torrential flood of letters and notices, it is beyond belief that
the respondents did not know that their unit in Lincolnsvale was being put up
for an en-bloc sale. They were provided every opportunity to engage legal
advice, to respond or to simply speak with, _inter alia_ , M/s Phang & Co to
explore their options. In my judgment, having failed to avail themselves of
the assistance offered, having wilfully spurned any attempts at contacting
them, and having purposefully refused to participate in the process, it does
not lie in the respondents’ mouth to claim that they were at the sorry end of
any unconscionable conduct by the sale committee, the Vendors, the Vendors’
solicitors, and Sim Lian or its solicitors.

_The propriety of the STB Orders_

75 The respondents argued that pursuant to ss 119(1) and (2) of the BMSMA,
orders issued by the STB need to be “certified”. But ss 119(1) and (2) say no
such thing:

119\. —(1) Subject to subsection (2), the registrar shall serve a copy of
every order (including an interim order) made by a Board, the president or a
deputy president pursuant to any application made under this Part on —

(a) the applicant;

(b) the management corporation or subsidiary management corporation for the
strata title plan concerned;

(c) the person against whom the order is made; and

(d) any person who made a written submission to the Board in response to the
Board"s invitation.

(2) If the order (including an interim order) of the Board, the president or a
deputy president is a declaratory or other order affecting the subsidiary
proprietors or occupiers of the lots in a strata title plan generally, or a
particular class of the subsidiary proprietors or occupiers, the registrar
need not serve a copy of the order on each subsidiary proprietor and occupier
affected individually, but may instead give notice in a way that ensures, as
far as reasonably practicable, it comes to the attention of all subsidiary
proprietors and occupiers or all subsidiary proprietors and occupiers in that
class.

76 The provisions relied on by the respondents only speak of the need to serve
orders of the STB, which in this case was clearly fulfilled: see [73(_i_) and
(_r_)] above. The only time that any certification is mentioned in s 119 of
the BMSMA is in sub-section (3), where it states that copies of STB orders
must be certified as true copies:

Every copy of an order served under subsection (1) or (2) shall be certified
by the president to be a true copy of the order.

Since it was not alleged that the copies of the first and second STB Orders
were not certified as true copies, this complaint must also fall.

_The propriety of the EOGMs_

77 The respondents raised the point that the EOGMs held to consider the
collective sale did not comprise any voting and were therefore void or
invalid. This argument holds no substance. Under para 1(_c_) of the Schedule
to the LTSA, the EOGMs are held to “consider” the sale; there is no
requirement for any voting or any passing of any resolution.

_The failure of Sim Lian to make payment_

78 The respondents consistently submitted that they had not yet been paid for
the sale of their unit. As noted in [73(_t_)] above, this could not be further
from the truth. The bulk of the sale proceeds has already been credited to the
respondents’ Central Provident Fund accounts. The balance has either been paid
into court (pursuant to s 84C(2) of the LTSA) or withheld by M/s Phang & Co
until vacant possession is delivered (pursuant to cl 17(1) of the Tender).
There is nothing to suggest that once the respondents hand over their unit to
Sim Lian, these moneys will not be released to them. In any event, as Mr Goh
pointed out, this issue is not relevant to Sim Lian’s application. Having paid
over the sale price ($50.53m) to the Vendors’ solicitors, they are entitled to
the delivery of Lincolnsvale under the S&P Agreement.

_Conclusion on whether there are triable issues in respect of the respondents’
case that Sim Lian’s title may be defeated because of their conduct_

79 I have examined the arguments raised by parties, and in particular those
submitted by the respondents, in order to ascertain whether there is any
genuine conflict either on the legal issues or on the factual contentions that
warrants sending this case to trial. In my judgment, there is none. At every
turn, the parties to the sale (and in particular Sim Lian as purchaser) have
scrupulously adhered to the requirements in the LTA, the LTSA and the BMSMA.
This does not mean that at least a few of the complaints of the respondents
are far-fetched. That Parliament is now in the process of amending the
relevant legislation testifies as to the legitimacy of some of these concerns.
But in so far as _the law as it stands_ is concerned, the respondents have not
been able to discharge their burden in this application.

**_Whether there are triable issues in respect of the respondents’ position
that even on their worst case, they should deliver vacant possession only on
15 May 2007 and that this application is premature_**

80 The respondents argued that in the minutes of the EOGMs, it was stated that
vacant possession should be delivered only on 15 May 2007, at the earliest.
Therefore, the application is premature and ought to be “quashed”.

81 This submission is based on an erroneous reading of the minutes. I refer to
the minutes of the EOGM on 26 April 2006 as an example. Here, two scenarios
were presented:

In scenario 1, if 100% consent is not obtained. The application to STB is
_targeted_ to be made in May 2006. If _assuming_ the STB order is given in
_August 2006 or thereabouts_ , legal completion will be in _November 2006 or
thereabouts_ and vacant possession to be delivered to the purchaser by _May
2007 or thereabouts_.

In scenario 2, if 100% of the owners consent to the [collective sale
agreement] in May 2006. Legal completion will be in _August 2006 or
thereabouts_ and vacant possession to be delivered to the purchaser in
_February 2007 or thereabouts_.

…

The owners were informed that _usually_ , the STB would give a hearing date
about _2 to 4 months_ from the time of the filing of the application to the
STB.

If _assuming_ the STB order is granted, _completion is scheduled 3 months from
the date of the STB order_.

The owners have _6 months from the date of completion to deliver vacant
possession_.

[emphasis added]

82 Even a cursory study of the relevant portion of the minutes, as quoted
above, will reveal that the minutes do not indicate a firm date of 15 May
2007. More importantly, the tenor of the minutes suggests that any dates
indicated were only _estimates_. After all, so much hung on whether all the
subsidiary proprietors would assent to the sale, and if not, when the STB
would give its order confirming the sale. What was certain was that completion
would take place within 3 months of the STB order and vacant possession was to
be delivered six months thereafter. Since, in the respondents’ case,
completion was on 10 October 2006, vacant possession must be delivered on 10
April 2007. This is not at all difficult to comprehend.

83 Even if it could be argued that it had been agreed that vacant possession
should be delivered only on 15 May 2007 – or that the minutes showed a
representation that could give rise to an estoppel – subsequent conduct and
events demonstrated that such an agreement or representation had been varied.
In their letter dated 26 June 2006, the Vendors’ solicitors wrote to all the
subsidiary proprietors to indicate that the completion of the sale and
purchase was scheduled for 21 September 2006 and that vacant possession should
be delivered six months from then (_ie_ 21 March 2007). When completion was
delayed in the respondents’ case, another letter dated 3 October 2006 was sent
informing them that completion was scheduled for 10 October 2006. By necessary
implication, vacant possession was to be delivered by 10 April 2007.
Subsequently, numerous reminders were sent after 10 April 2007 inviting the
respondents to vacate their unit (see [10] above).

84 The circumstances speak for themselves; and I am not persuaded that there
is a triable issue in respect of the date that vacant possession should be
delivered to Sim Lian. The application is not premature.

**_Whether there is a triable issue in relation to the respondents’ assertion
that its ownership of a fee simple in unit #01-02 insulates them from the
present court proceedings or the applicant’s claim_**

85 The exclamation point of the respondents’ case is that as owners in fee
simple in unit #01-02 of Lincolnsvale, they should be immune against
proceedings against their property. This argument displays a lack of
appreciation of the concept of property.

86 There is no doubt that there can be property in a three-dimensional quantum
of airspace, which is basically what all high-rise apartments are. This is
familiar to Singaporeans. Accordingly, such airspace can be conveyed in fee
simple (see, _Reilly v Booth_ (1890) 44 Ch D 12), and that is what the
respondents claim they have. The estate in fee simple is simply legal-speak
for freehold property. An owner of an estate in fee simple “has a time in the
land without end, or the land for time without end”: _Walsingham’s Case_
(1573) 2 Plowd 547 at 555. If property is a bundle of rights in land, the
owner of a fee simple estate has the “largest possible bundle”: see, _Minister
of State for the Army v Dalziel_ (1944) 68 CLR 261 at 285. This does not,
however, imply that an owner of a fee simple estate has no obligations or that
he is insulated from the law.

87 In their seminal work, _Elements of Land Law_ (London: Butterworths, 3rd
ed, 2001), Professors Kevin Gray and Susan Francis Gray submit that “the law
of property is not really about _things_ but about _people_ , and that the
study of land law is ultimately an inquiry into an important range of socially
defined relationships and morally conditioned obligations”: _ibid_ at 4
[emphasis in original]. Property is therefore “a power-relationship – a
relationship of social and legal legitimacy existing between a person and a
valued resource”: _ibid_ at 95. In easier terms, what this means is that in as
much as owners of land possess _rights_ over the land, those rights are and
may be circumscribed over time and _obligations_ may be imposed. Think about
how human rights and environmentalism have shaped property law. Even private
owners of land may not exclude classes of individuals; and control over
emission standards is commonplace. As Professors Gray and Gray put it, this
“testifies to the constant engagement of the modern state in the constraint of
land use for purposes of public amenity and welfare”: _ibid_ at 116.

88 It should come as no surprise, then, that the state also regulates
“property in thin air”, to use a phrase coined by Professor Kevin Gray in his
article by the same title (see (1991) 50 CLJ 252). The LTSA was introduced for
precisely this purpose (see _Singapore Parliamentary Debates, Official Report_
(22 February 1967) vol 25 at cols 1113–1114):

The freehold title in the land above which the flat is built is either
retained by the vendor who imposes on each of his lessees a service charge for
the maintenance of common parts and property or is conveyed in proportionate
shares to the purchasers of all flats built on the land as tenants in common.
Experience has shown that it is difficult for tenants to get together and
problems arise when lifts break down or pipes burst. This rather
unsatisfactory state of affairs has impeded the development and sale of flats
in the Republic and the Bill now before the House, which is based on
Australian legislation, takes account of the comments of the former Bar
Committee and seeks to remove these difficulties…

The Bill also spells out the _rights and obligations_ of the purchasers of
flats in a subdivided building as regards assessments, easements and
restrictive covenants.

[emphasis added]

89 In 1998, Parliament enacted legislation to facilitate the collective sale
of individual strata titles; and a conscious decision was made that unanimity
was not required to sell an entire development collectively (see _Singapore
Parliamentary Debates, Official Report_ (31 July 1998) vol 69 at cols
601–606):

I had informed this House on 19th November last year that _Government would be
amending the law to make it easier for en-bloc sales to take place_. The
current position is that a single owner, for whatever reason, can oppose and
thwart the sale. Government has received many appeals and feedback from
frustrated owners whose desires to sell their flats or condominiums en-bloc
have been so thwarted. As a result, these buildings cannot take advantage of
enhanced plot ratios to realise their full development potential, which would
have created many more housing units in prime 999-year leasehold or freehold
areas for Singaporeans. A secondary benefit is that these developments,
especially the older ones, could have been rejuvenated through the en-bloc
process.

I said that _the law would be amended to remove the need for unanimous
consent._.. I emphasised that in land-scarce Singapore, such an approach was
even more imperative as it would make available more prime **land** for
higher-intensity development to build more quality housing in Singapore.

90 These limitations on the absolute right of subsidiary proprietors of
property in land to decide whom to sell to, when to sell, and to reject a sale
have been imposed after Parliament’s careful weighing of the various
constituent interests of the nation and individual subsidiary proprietors. The
rukes apply to all subsidiary proprietors regardless whether they own a fee
simple or a leasehold. Mdm Ching herself admitted in the hearing before me
that she was not opposed to the idea of en-bloc sales in general. On what
basis do the respondents now assert that their ownership of a fee simple
estate in their Lincolnsvale unit wards off Sim Lian’s application? In my
view, there is none.

**Conclusion on the merits of OS 618 of 2007**

91 It follows from the foregoing analysis that the application in OS 618 of
2007 should be allowed for the following reasons:

(a) The burden on the respondents is to show that there are triable issues –
real and substantial conflicts of fact or law – present in this case such that
a summary proceeding for the possession of their unit would be inappropriate;

(b) Sim Lian is the registered owner of all the units in Lincolnsvale, and its
title is subject only to a showing that the respondents’ case falls within one
of the enumerated exceptions under ss 46(2) or 160 of the LTA. The respondents
could also demonstrate that a personal equity has arisen in their favour
(although this has been doubted by the Court of Appeal in _Bebe_);

(c) On the facts before me, I am not persuaded that there was any procedural
error in the conduct of the collective sale of Lincolnsvale. As such, I cannot
find any triable issue in respect of whether Sim Lian’s title has been
defeated by fraud, mistake or unconscionable conduct on its part;

(d) In addition, I am not convinced that the respondents are bound to hand
over vacant possession of their unit only on 15 May 2007, as purportedly
recorded in the minutes of the EOGMs. This argument was based on an erroneous
reading of the minutes and there was no agreement to this effect. Even if such
an agreement had been reached, this was clearly varied by subsequent events
and conduct of the parties. Once more, there is no triable issue in respect of
the date that vacant possession must be delivered; and

(e) Even as owner of a fee simple in their unit, the respondents are bound in
law to convey their unit pursuant to a collective sale confirmed and approved
by the STB. There is no triable issue in relation to whether the respondents’
ownership of a fee simple estate in their unit entitles them to immunity from
the present claim and attendant legal proceedings.

92 The question that I have to answer now is whether the respondents should be
ordered to give possession of their unit in Lincolnsvale immediately. In other
words, do I have discretion to suspend the execution of my order to give
possession? In _McPhail_ , the English Court of Appeal was of the view that
the courts had no such discretion on the basis that any owner of property is
entitled to take possession at once, and had he used reasonable force to
ensure compliance in an attempt at self-help, there would be nothing wrong in
that. It would therefore result in a strange situation if, having come to the
courts, an owner is placed at a less advantageous position. As Lord Denning MR
observed (at 457):

So far as I can discover, the courts of common law never suspended the order
for possession. Once the order was made, the owner could straightaway get a
writ of possession for the sheriff to cause the owner to be put into
possession. Sometimes the owner, although he got an order, might not wish to
get the sheriff to turn out the trespassers, because the sheriff was known to
charge extortionate fees. In that case the owner was entitled to take
possession at once by his own hand… Seeing that the owner could take
possession at once without the help of the courts, it is plain that, when he
does come to the courts, he should not be in any worse position. The courts
should give him possession at once, else he would be tempted to do it himself.
So the courts of common law never suspended the order for possession.

[citations omitted]

Lord Denning MR also held that even equity could not intervene to aid a
wrongdoer.

93 I agree with the reasoning in _McPhail_ , and therefore I may not suspend
my order.

94 Notwithstanding that a court may not suspend its order out of sympathy for
a trespasser, it may nonetheless exercise its _inherent jurisdiction_ to stay
the execution of its order pending an appeal (since O 47 r 1 is clearly
inapplicable to O 81). In _Serangoon Garden Estate v Ang Keng_ [1953] 1 MLJ
116, it was held that special circumstances have to be evident in order to
justify a stay. In that case, Brown J was of the view that the fact that a
party might not be restored to his original position if he succeeds on appeal
does not, alone, amount to a special circumstance. However, if this factor is
coupled with a showing that there are merits in the appeal, it might be
sufficient to move a court to grant a stay. In the High Court of Penang, it
was similarly decided in _Toh Kheng Heng_ that the mere fact that one may not
get back his property at all or in its original state does not constitute a
special circumstance. This is because in all cases involving the possession of
land, that argument could always be raised. Thus, in _Che Wan Development Sdn
Bhd v Co-operative Central Bank Bhd_ [1989] 3 MLJ 40, the High Court of Kuala
Lumpur surmised that only if it would be impossible to enforce the appeal
(such as where the relevant party would be untraceable or insolvent), would
that amount to a special circumstance. In _Cathay Theatres Pte Ltd v LKM
Investment Holdings Pte Ltd_ [2000] 1 SLR 701, Rajendran J was also of the
view that that the financial situation of the respondent to an appeal is a
factor to be considered. Although Rajendran J’s decision was in the context of
O 47 r 1 of the Rules, there is no reason why this should not apply where the
court is exercising its inherent jurisdiction to grant a stay. In the end, the
court must look at all the circumstances of the case, bearing in mind the
following principles (see the Court of Appeal decision in _Lee Sian Hee
(trading as Lee Sian Hee Pork Trader) v Oh Kheng Soon (trading as Ban Hon
Trading Enterprise)_[1992] 1 SLR 77 at [5], 78):

While the court has power to grant a stay, and this is entirely in the
discretion of the court, the discretion must be exercised in accordance with
well established principles (_Lee Kuan Yew v JB Jeyaretnam_). First, as a
general proposition, the court does not deprive a successful litigant of the
fruits of his litigation, and lock up funds to which prima facie he is
entitled, pending an appeal (_The Annot Lyle’_ at p 116). However, when a
party is exercising his undoubted right of appeal, the court ought to see that
the appeal, if successful, is not nugatory (_Wilson v Church (No 2)_ at pp
458– 459). Thus, a stay will be granted if it can be shown by affidavit that,
if the damages and costs are paid, there is no reasonable probability of
getting them back, if the appeal succeeds (_Atkins v Great Western Railway
Co_).

95 In my judgment, it is clear that Sim Lian is neither untraceable nor
impecunious. Should the respondents appeal my decision, and should they be
successful, they can always claim damages. That their unit may be demolished
in the meantime (I am given to understand that construction is in progress) is
not, as the cases have held, a sufficiently special reason to grant a stay.
Moreover, this is not a close case and an appeal would, in my view, be
unmeritorious.

96 Accordingly, Sim Lian is entitled to recover the property known as 22
Surrey Road, # 01-02, Singapore, comprised in Land Lot No. TS28-U652W and I
order that the respondents do give possession of this property over
immediately. This order is made without prejudice to Sim Lian’s rights to
bring further and separate action against the respondents for damages for
trespass to the said property.

**Costs**

97 Mr Goh submitted that should Sim Lian succeed in its application, it should
be awarded costs on an _indemnity_ basis because of the manner in which the
matter has progressed. The respondents, he argued, had no regard for
formalities. Instead of availing themselves of the proper procedures, they
have wilfully and purposefully tried their case in the media.

98 The usual cost order for a successful litigant is calculated on a _party-
to-party_ basis. Costs on an indemnity basis are rarely awarded, and usually
only because there has been a contract or statutory provision (O 22A of the
Rules comes to mind) stipulating that costs be on an indemnity basis. If the
mere fact that a litigant loses his case is not an adequate reason to order
costs on an indemnity basis, it should follow that an insistence on one’s
position prior to litigation and final judgment cannot also be a reason to
award costs on an indemnity basis. Otherwise, weak parties will simply
acquiesce to a strong demand for fear of being penalised in costs.

99 It is incontrovertible that the respondents have created unnecessary
litigation; however, the same is true for any litigant who loses. The
respondents may have been deliberate in their ignorance and lack of
cooperation but this was the result of their belief that the collective sale
was flawed. This turned out not to be the case but, as stated, this is not an
adequate reason to award costs on an indemnity basis. Significantly, the
respondents’ conduct of the present proceedings was neither dilatory nor
contumelious. They were ready to present their submissions at the first
hearing and have not sought to delay the progress of the litigation.

100 For these reasons, I award costs on a party-to-party basis, which are to
be agreed, if not taxed.

**Conclusion**

101 It is no secret that collective sales of developments continue to strike
raw nerves, especially from those who do not view their property as
investments but as homes to be kept regardless of price. In this regard, the
palpable frustration of the respondents was not solely self-induced. It
reveals that the current legislation safeguarding the interests of minority
owners may have be strengthened; indeed, Parliament is in the process of doing
exactly that. One might ask: if Parliament is already amending the relevant
legislation, which implicitly acknowledges that the present regime anaemic in
some way, does this not mean that my decision, based on the present state of
the law, is unfair? Such a view would be deeply mistaken. Fairness is
contextual; not one-sided. If I hold in favour of the respondents, this would
undeniably prejudice Sim Lian, who, having faithfully adhered to all the
regulations that Parliament has enacted to date, quite rightly and
legitimately expects to be rewarded with its registered title. While the
respondents have repeatedly beseeched this court to exercise mercy and
sympathy in their favour, this can only be done within the framework of the
law. Rule is by law, not man. Having scrutinised parties’ cases and the
relevant statutory and case law, Sim Lian’s application must be allowed, with
costs to follow.

**Postscript**

102 I also certify that I do not wish to hear further arguments. The
respondents are therefore free to lodge an appeal against my decision
forthwith.

Application allowed; costs on a party-to-party basis to be agreed, if not
taxed.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 25 May 2007 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

