Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## ITC Global Holdings Pte Ltd (under judicial management) v ITC Limited and
Others  
[2007] SGHC 127

Case Number | : | Suit 1344/2002, SUM 5593/2006, 1775/2007  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 13 August 2007  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Brenda Chua AR   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Paul Ng, Mark Cheng and Christopher Eng (Rajah & Tann) for the plaintiff; K Shanmugam SC and Colin Chow (Allen & Gledhill LLP) for the first defendant; Imran Hamid Khwaja and Lalitha Rajah (Tan Rajah & Cheah) for the thirteenth defendant   
Parties | : |  ITC Global Holdings Pte Ltd (under judicial management) — ITC Limited; Yogesh Chander Deveshwar; K Vaidyanath; N Lakshminarayanan; Revati Prasad Aggarwal; Gopala Krishna Parvatha Reddi; Rariyankandath Krishnan Kutty; Narayanaswami Sitaraman; Krishnan Lal Chugh; Biswadev Mitter; Feroze Rustom Vevaina; Ashutosh Garg; Sriram Khattar; Suresh Chitalia; Devang Chitalia   
  
13 August 2007 |  Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Assistant Registrar Brenda Chua:

Introduction

1 As Cotton LJ aptly cautioned in _Re Busfield, Whaley v Busfield_ (1886) 32
Ch D 123: “Service out of the jurisdiction is an interference with the
ordinary course of the law, for generally Courts exercise jurisdiction only
over persons who are within the territorial limits of their jurisdiction. If
an Act of Parliament gives them jurisdiction over [their] subjects wherever
they may be, such jurisdiction is valid, but, apart from statute, a Court has
no power to exercise jurisdiction over any one beyond its limits": at 131.
Indeed, our courts have always respected the parameters and boundaries drawn
by courts in other jurisdictions. This stems from the principle of
international sovereignty and the doctrine of comity of nations.

2 Courts must engage in a cautious and scrupulous exercise when considering if
service effected on a foreign jurisdiction is proper and in accordance with
the laws of our country and the foreign country. The mechanism of service out
of jurisdiction exists as a favour by other courts to execute service of a
writ where proceedings have been commenced in Singapore. It is a reciprocal
act and when other courts approach our courts for assistance in effecting
service, we will return the favour. Since we are borrowing the services of
foreign courts, it is an implicit and unspoken rule that our courts have to
ensure that the laws of the foreign country in relation to service of foreign
summonses are strictly adhered to.

3 The present proceedings raise squarely two important issues as to the
interpretation of a foreign statute in order to determine whether service out
of jurisdiction was in fact proper and the circumstances in which, if at all,
the court has the discretion to cure an irregular service out of jurisdiction.

Facts

4 The case before the court involves the plaintiff and the first defendant in
Summons No 5593 of 2006 and the plaintiff and the thirteenth defendant in
Summons No 1775 of 2007. The first and thirteenth defendants are applying to
set aside the plaintiff’s service of the writ of summons on them on the basis
that the plaintiff has not complied with the requirements of service of
foreign summonses in India.

5 By way of background, the plaintiff is a company incorporated in Singapore.
The first defendant is the sole shareholder of the plaintiff and is a company
incorporated in India. The thirteenth defendant was, at the material time, an
employee of the plaintiff. The plaintiff is claiming against the fifteen
defendants on two grounds – one, a claim for US$9.1m for alleged advances or
loans from the plaintiff to one Chitalia Group (owned or controlled by the
fourteenth and fifteenth defendants as stated in the thirteenth defendant’s
affidavit filed on 23 April 2007 at [17]) in which the plaintiff is alleging
that the defendants used the Chitalia Group as a sham to fraudulently create
apparent profits for the first defendant and; two, a claim for US$9m for
Columbo rice transactions which were purchased by the plaintiff from the
Chitalia Group on which the plaintiff is claiming on an indemnity which was
provided by the first defendant to the plaintiff.

6 On 6 November 2006, the first defendant was allegedly served with a writ at
its registered office at Virginia House, 37 Jawaharial Nehru Road, Kolkata
700071, West Bengal, India by “a person claiming to be from the Calcutta High
Court”: see the first defendant’s affidavit filed on 8 December 2006 at [9].
The person allegedly served the writ on an office assistant at the first
defendant’s mailing room. The plaintiff alleged that proper service has been
effected as required under Indian law. On the other hand, the first defendant
argued that service did not conform to Indian law and ought to be set aside.

7 On 19 March 2007, the thirteenth defendant was allegedly served with a writ
at his house by “someone claiming to be a process server from the Tis Hazari
Courts in New Delhi”: see the thirteenth defendant’s affidavit filed on 23
April 2007 at [30]. Again, the plaintiff alleged that proper service has been
effected as required under Indian law. On the other hand, the thirteenth
defendant argued that service did not conform to Indian law and ought to be
set aside.

8 This is a convenient juncture to mention at the outset that the plaintiff
has previously attempted service of writ on the first to fourth defendants and
the sixth defendant. In Summons No 4404 of 2003 and Summons No 6259 of 2003,
Assistant Registrar Low Siew Ling (“AR Low”) dismissed both summonses and set
aside service of the writs as they were not served through the proper judicial
channels, i.e. through Indian courts.

The law

9 On the local front, O 11 of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2006 Rev Ed)
(“the Rules”) is the governing provision on leave to serve out of
jurisdiction. Apart from satisfying the requirements under O 11 r 2, the
plaintiff has to ensure that it has complied with the requirements under O 11
r 4(2) which is the applicable provision in this case as “there does not
subsist a Civil Procedure Convention” between Singapore and India. Order 11 r
4(2) reads:

Service of originating process abroad through foreign governments, judicial
authorities and Singapore consuls or by other method of service (O. 11, r. 4)

4\. — (2) Where in accordance with these Rules an originating process is to be
served on a defendant in any country with respect to which there does not
subsist a Civil Procedure Convention providing for service in that country of
process of the High Court, the originating process may be served —

(a) through the government of that country, where that government is willing
to effect service;

(b) through a Singapore consular authority in that country, except where
service through such an authority is contrary to the law of that country; or

(c) by a method of service authorised by the law of that country for service
of any originating process issued by that country.

10 I noted that the parties’ arguments were premised, in particular, on O 11 r
4(2)(c). It was the evidence of the Indian law expert of the thirteenth
defendant, Ciccu Mukhopadhaya (“Ciccu”) that O 11 rr 4(2)(a) and (b) were not
applicable in India and this was not rebutted by the plaintiff (see Ciccu’s
affidavit filed on 24 May 2007 at [20]):

“Indian law does not recognise service of a summons relating to civil
procedure by the Indian Government or through consular authorities of any
country as is contemplated by Rule 4(2)(a) and (b) of the Singapore Court
Rules.”

11 On the Indian front, it was not in dispute that the relevant provision in
the Code of Civil Procedure, 1908 (Act V of 1908) (“Indian CPC”) was s 29
which states:

**29\. Service of foreign summonses.** Summonses and other processes issued by
–

(a) any Civil or Revenue Court established in any part of India to which the
provisions of this Code do not extend, or

(b) any Civil or Revenue Court established or continued by the authority of
the Central Government outside India, or

(c) any other Civil or Revenue Court outside India to which the Central
Government has, by modification in the Official Gazette, declared the
provisions of this section to apply,

may be sent to the Courts in the territories to which this Code extends, and
served as if they were summonses issued by such Courts.

Whether service on the first defendant was proper

12 Counsel for the first defendant, Mr K Shanmugam, referred the court to
Order V r 22 of the Indian CPC which stipulates:

**22\. Service within presidency-towns, of summons issued by courts outside.**
Where a summons issued by any Court established beyond the limits of towns of
Calcutta, Madras [and Bombay] is to be served within any such limits, it shall
be sent to the Court of Small Causes within whose jurisdiction it is to be
served.

13 As I have stated earlier, the first defendant’s office is situated at
Kolkata. Mr Shanmugam contended that Order V r 22 required the writ to be
served though the Court of Small Causes at Kolkata, not through the Calcutta
High Court: see the affidavit of the first defendant’s Indian law expert,
Marezban Padam Bharucha (“Bharucha”), filed on 26 April 2007 at [9]. Further,
Mr Shanmugam argued that this point which was raised in Barucha’s affidavit
has not been responded to by the plaintiff’s Indian expert, Shreyas Patel
(“Patel”) since it was filed, and he pointed out that Patel has filed further
affidavits rebutting other points raised by Bharucha, yet nothing was said
with respect to Order V r 22.

14 In rebuttal, counsel for the plaintiff, Mr Paul Ng, submitted that the
parties should wait for the endorsement of service from the Indian courts in
order to affirm who exactly effected the service on the first defendant. Mr Ng
also mentioned that he was taking no position as to the accuracy of the
evidence submitted by the first defendant’s officers. When queried by the
court as to how then was the plaintiff going to prove to the court that the
service was proper and which evidence the plaintiff was relying on, Mr Ng
realised that he was taking an incongruous position and stated that he was
taking the first defendant’s officer’s evidence at face value and on that
basis, he submitted that the writ was properly served in accordance with
Indian law.

15 In this regard, Mr Shanmugam pointed out that the only evidence which
pertained to the first defendant’s affidavit filed on 8 December 2006 at [9]
that the writ was allegedly served on “a person claiming to be from the
Calcutta High Court” remained unchallenged by the plaintiffs who had ample
notice of this statement yet remained silent on this point. He asserted that
the plaintiff had come to court ready to prove their case; they could not now
argue that they did not have the endorsement.

16 More significantly, when the court asked Mr Ng whether he had any evidence
to show that Order V r 22 has been complied with, he answered in the negative.
This explicit concession effectively disposed of any hurdles for the first
defendant. Accordingly, I found that the service of the amended writ on the
first defendant was improper.

Whether service on the thirteenth defendant was proper

17 The arguments raised by the parties on the purported service on the
thirteenth defendant were more complicated than the arguments on the purported
service on the first defendant. As the affidavit of the thirteenth defendant’s
Indian law expert, Ciccu did not provide an opinion on Order V r 22, counsel
for the thirteenth defendant, Mr Imran Hamid Khwaja (“Mr Hamid”) took the
position that insofar as Mr Shanmugam’s arguments were concerned, he agreed
that the plaintiff has not provided sufficient evidence to prove that it has
complied with the Indian laws relating to service.

18 The key words of s 29 of the Indian CPC were: “served as if they were
summonses issued by such Courts.” It was Mr Hamid’s contention that s 29 of
the Indian CPC stipulated that a foreign summons should be served in a
_similar_ manner as if it was a summons issued by an Indian court. Order V of
the Indian CPC sets out the procedure to be followed for the “issue and
service of summons”. Mr Hamid referred the court to Order V r 10 of the Indian
CPC which I now set out for the sake of convenience:

**ORDER V – ISSUE AND SERVICE OF SUMMONS**

**10\. Mode of Service.** Service of the summons shall be made by delivering
or tendering a copy thereof signed by the Judge or such officer as he appoints
in this behalf, and sealed with the seal of the Court.

19 Relying on _Soumitri Taria v The Branch Manager, State Bank of India and
Others_ (“ _Soumitri_ ”) (1999) (II) Orissa Law Reports 326, Mr Hamid quoted
the relevant portions of the case:

“6…The provisions of Order 5, Rule 10, CPC is _mandatory_ and there is no
question of dispensing with the provisions while judging the sufficiency of
notice/summons on the other side. Rule 10 of Order 5, CPC prescribes that
service of summons _shall_ be made by delivering or tendering a copy thereof
signed by the Judge or such officer as he appoints in this behalf, and sealed
with the seal of the Court.”

[emphasis added]

20 Mr Hamid continued by citing a Calcutta High Court case in _B K Gooyee v
Commissioner of Income Tax_ AIR 1966 Calcutta 438 (“ _Gooyee_ ”) which
concerned the words “signed by the judge” in Order V r 10. The court held:

“14…the signature must not only exist before the sending out of the summons
but also at the time when it reaches the hands of the defendant….for the
signature of the officer together with the seal of the Court…is the hall mark
of genuineness or proof or guarantee that was issued by the Judge of the
Court.”

21 It was the thirteenth defendant’s case that the fact that the Indian
jurisdiction was embracing a foreign document must mean that the Indian seed
of court had to be imprinted on it. The only rationale way of reading the
provision, as Mr Hamid pointed out, was that legitimacy was borne out of the
fact that the writ must be given the seal of acceptance by the Indian courts.

22 Mr Hamid submitted that if Order V r 10 was not interpreted to require a
signature of an _Indian_ judge and the seal of an _Indian_ court, any person
could claim to be acting on the jurisdiction of the Singapore court and the
service would be deemed properly effected. It could not be the case. There
must be effective policing of the system. Mr Hamid contended that as a matter
of common sense, the foreign summons had to be “rooted” through proper
channels in order to adopt the strength of the local jurisdiction. He also
mentioned that service was the basis of a country’s jurisdiction and this was
a fundamental point. In this regard, Mr Hamid pointed out to the court that
the plaintiff has not rebutted this reasoning.

23 On the other hand, it was the plaintiff’s argument that Mr Hamid was
challenging the _form_ of the writ, not the manner or method of the service.
Since service was a non-issue, Mr Ng urged the court to look at the form of
the writ and adopt Patel’s position that the requirement under Indian law was
for the writ to contain a signature of a _Singapore_ judicial officer and the
seal of a _Singapore_ court. The plaintiff adopted the position that s 29 of
the Indian CPC did not expressly state that insofar as foreign summonses are
concerned, it had to bear the signature of an Indian judicial officer and the
seal of an Indian court. Mr Ng contended that the wording of s 29 of the
Indian CPC presupposed that there was a distinction to be drawn between a
summons issued by foreign courts and a summons issued by Indian courts.
Otherwise, the words “as if” would be redundant. In addition, this was
buttressed by Patel’s evidence that “Rule 10 of Order V of the CPC only
applies to summons issued directly by an Indian court” and “the Writ clearly
bears the signature of the person authorised by the Singapore Court as well as
the seal of the Singapore Court”: see Patel’s affidavit filed on 22 June 2007
at [18].

24 By way of rebuttal to the cases cited by the thirteenth defendant, Mr Ng
argued that _Soumitri_ was a case which involved the issuance of an Indian
writ and therefore did not stand for the proposition that the same principle
must apply to summons issued by foreign courts. As for _Gooyee_ , Mr Ng
submitted that it involved the issuance of an income tax notice which did not
bear the signature of the income tax officer and thus, the genuineness of the
document was in question. He alerted the court that in the present case, the
genuineness of the document was not an issue because the writ clearly bore the
signature of a Singapore judge and the seal of the Singapore court.

25 Mr Ng’s point was that insofar as service of Singapore court documents were
concerned, they were perfectly valid, since they bore the signature of a
judicial authority and clearly contained the seal of the Singapore court. He
contended that the court should, instead, determine whether Order V r 9
(method of service) was complied (and he submitted that it has been), not
whether Order V r 10 was satisfied. Order V r 9 reads:

**ORDER V – ISSUE AND SERVICE OF SUMMONS**

**9\. Delivery of summons by Court**

(1) Where the defendant resides within the jurisdiction of the Court in which
the suit is instituted, or has an agent resident within that jurisdiction who
is empowered to accept the service of the summons, the summons shall, unless
the Court otherwise directs, be delivered or _sent either to the proper
officer to be served by him or one of his subordinates or to such courier
services as are approved by the Court_.

[emphasis added]

26 To illustrate that Order V r 9 was satisfied, Mr Ng relied on a letter
dated 24 March 2007 which was signed by one Vinod Yadav, an Administrative
Civil Judge, Delhi to show that the writ was served by an Indian court, in
accordance with Indian law (bearing in mind that the underlying ground for the
setting aside of the plaintiff’s previous attempt on service on some of the
defendants was that it did not serve the writ through the proper judicial
channels in accordance with Indian law, i.e. through the Indian courts). A
gloss on Patel’s affidavit would show that (see Patel’s affidavit filed on 22
June 2007 at [22]):

“[t]he letter addressed by the Administrative Civil Judge…clearly establishes
the fact that the Writ was _served by an Indian court_ and not by the Indian
Government or consular authorities. On this basis alone, I am of the view that
the 13th Defendant’s contention that he was not validly served with the Writ
in accordance with the requirements of Indian law should fail.”

[emphasis added]

27 At this juncture, it was the thirteenth defendant’s position that “[t]he
person who left these documents did not provide, nor [was he] aware of any,
evidence or proof of his identity or the fact that he was in fact a process
server authorised to act for the judicial authorities of India in effecting
service”: see the thirteenth defendant’s affidavit filed on 23 April 2007 at
[31]. Mr Hamid pointed out that there was no affidavit of service prepared by
the plaintiff to substantiate the fact that _at the time of service_ , the
person was a process server of the Tis Hazari court. In fact, the process
server attested on a process report dated 21 March 2007 that he was a process
server of the Tis Hazari court. One would recall that the thirteenth defendant
was allegedly served on 19 March 2007 and Mr Hamid asserted that the plaintiff
has not rebutted this point. The onus was on the plaintiff to prove that the
process server was authorised by the Indian courts at the point of service; a
report which post dated the date of service on the thirteenth defendant is
irrelevant.

**_My decision_**

28 As a starting point, the pivotal provision in determining whether proper
service was effected on the thirteenth defendant is Order V r 10 of the Indian
CPC. To my mind, there is no iota of doubt that the term “shall” in Order V r
10 meant that this provision must be strictly adhered to, and the signature of
the judge coupled with the seal of the court embodied the authority of the
court. This begs the question: _Which court_ did Order V r 10 refer to? The
determinative issue is whether “the judge” and “the Court” under Order V r 10
read with s 29(c) of the Indian CPC refers to the foreign court or the Indian
court. Cases proffered from both sides offered me no real solution.

29 Parties were centring their arguments on the correct interpretation of
“served as if they were summonses issued by such Courts” in s 29 of the Indian
CPC. It is noteworthy that s 28(2) of the Indian CPC contains the words
“proceed as if it had been issued by such court” which I now set out:

**28\. Service of summons where defendant resides in another State.** (1) A
summons may be sent for service in another State to such Court and in such
manner as may be prescribed by rules in force in that State.

(2) The Court to which such summons is sent shall, upon receipt thereof,
_proceed as if it had been issued by such court_ and shall then return the
summons to the Court of issue together with the record (if any) of its
proceedings with regard thereto…

[emphasis added]

30 Sir John Woodroffe & Ammer Ali’s Code of Civil Procedure, A Commentary on
Act V of 1908, Law Publishers (India) Pvt Limited: 1988, offers some guidance
on the meaning of “as if issued by such court” under s 28 of the Indian CPC
(at 470 and 471):

**2\. As if issued by such court.** The duty of the serving court under this
section is to _proceed_ , on receipt of the summons, _as if it had issued it_
, and then return it with the record (if any) framed under the section to the
Court from which it originally issued. _It then devolves upon the latter
court, when the defendant does not appear to determine upon the sufficiency of
the service before proceeding to try the suit_. But it is not necessarily the
duty of the transmitting court in every case, to satisfy itself that the law
as to service has been strictly followed.

[emphasis added]

31 It must be accentuated that s 28 of the Indian CPC uses the terms “
_proceed_ as if it had been issued” and from the above-mentioned commentary,
it seems that it is the role of the court from which the summons was
originally issued to determine “the sufficiency of the service before
proceeding to try the suit.” This, to me, means that the terms “proceed as if
it had been issued” do not allow the laws as to service to be contravened. In
other words, there is no waiver of the requirements of the laws as to service.
With this in mind, I add that s 29 of the Indian CPC adopts the phrase “
_served_ as if they were summons issued by such Courts”. For ease of
comparison, I set out once again s 29 of the Indian CPC:

**29\. Service of foreign summonses.** Summonses and other processes issued by
–

(a) any Civil or Revenue Court established in any part of India to which the
provisions of this Code do not extend, or

(b) any Civil or Revenue Court established or continued by the authority of
the Central Government outside India, or

(c) any other Civil or Revenue Court outside India to which the Central
Government has, by modification in the Official Gazette, declared the
provisions of this section to apply,

may be sent to the Courts in the territories to which this Code extends, and
_served as if they were summonses issued by such Courts_.

[emphasis added]

32 In my view, the difference in the _effect_ of the word “served” in s 29 of
the Indian CPC and the word “proceed” in s 28 of the Indian CPC is marginal.
When a summons is issued, the next natural step to take is to serve the
summons. As such, to _proceed_ has the same effect as to _serve_. Based on the
above-mentioned commentary’s interpretation on the meaning of “as if issued by
such court”, I hold that the court where the summons originated – in this
case, the Singapore courts – still has “to determine upon the sufficiency of
the service before proceeding to try the suit”, which means that the
requirements on the Indian laws of service must nonetheless be adhered to.
Moreover, s 29 does not say “served as if _served_ by such courts”; it bears
constant reminding that it stipulates “served as if _issued_ by such courts”.
The foreign summons is only deemed to be _issued_ by the Indian courts; it is
not deemed to be _served_ by the Indian courts. In my view, service still has
to meet the requirements of the Indian laws.

33 Further and more significantly, I reiterate that the exact words used in s
29 of the CPC were “ _issued by_ ” and “served as if they were summonses
_issued_ ”. At this juncture, I would like to examine Order V which heading
states “Issue and Service of Summons”. The heading does not read “Issue or
Service”; it states “Issue _and_ Service”. I find that the distinction between
_issue_ and _service_ must not be glossed over so readily and ought to be
accorded due weight. To my mind, there is a clear dichotomy drawn between how
a summons is issued and how a summons is served. This difference could not be
simply negated or ignored. In this regard, I hold the view that s 29 of the
Indian CPC only deems the _issuance_ of a foreign summons to be as if the
Indian court had issued it – it does not deem the _service_ of a foreign
summons to be as if the Indian court had served it. More specifically, I find
that Order V can be broken down into the ‘issue’ aspect and the ‘service’
aspect. A perusal of the rules in Order V would reveal that rules 1 to 8
concerns the issue of summons, while rules 9 to 30 involves the service of
summons. Sir John Woodroffe & Ammer Ali’s Code of Civil Procedure, A
Commentary on Act V of 1908 sets out the rules of Order V and I quote the
salient parts (at 1502 and 1510):

**Order V – ISSUE AND SERVICE OF SUMMONS**

**1\. Summons.** (1) **** Where a suit has been duly instituted a summons may
be issued to the defendant to appear and answer the claim…

…

Service of Summons

**9\. Delivery or transmission of summons for services.** …

34 It must be underscored that in the above-mentioned commentary, the learned
authors made a plain distinction between issue and service, and I highlight to
the reader that a sub-heading entitled “Service of Summons” was added before
the learned authors examined Order V r 9. It follows from this reasoning that
the words “issued by…served as if they were summonses issued by such Courts”
under s 29(c) of the Indian CPC seems to connote that the serving court has to
proceed as though or in the same manner as it had issued the summons _and_ it
was axiomatic that the serving court had to effect service in accordance with
its own law. Order V r 10 unequivocally reads “Mode of _service_ ” and s 29 of
the Indian CPC is not a deeming provision to the extent that the Singapore
writ of summons would be regarded as _served_ by the Indian courts; the
Singapore writ was only regarded to be issued by an Indian court. Thus I also
hold that the signature of a judge and the seal of a court pursuant to Order V
r 10 should be interpreted to read that of an Indian judge and an Indian
court. In my view, such localization of a foreign summons was crucial and
accordingly, the plaintiff has not complied with the strict requirements of
Order V r 10 (mode of service).

35 Mr Ng was right to point out that the High Court of Orissa case of
_Soumitri_ involved the setting aside of a summons which was issued in India
and the High Court of Calcutta case of _Gooyee_ involved the issuance of an
income tax notice. Both cases did not relate a foreign summons but the common
thread underlying both cases was the courts’ observations on Order V r 10. In
light of my finding that Order V r 10 meant the signature of an Indian judge
and the seal of an Indian court, by parity of reasoning, the principles in
_Soumitri_ applied insofar as the requirements of Order V r 10 were
compulsory, and the principles in _Gooyee_ applied inasmuch as the signature
and the seal were the hallmarks of genuineness of the document.

36 As I held earlier, the signature of the judge and the seal of the court
should belong to the Indian courts. This finding was buttressed by sound
policy reasons. Mr Hamid’s arguments were persuasive and I quote from a
statement from him which, in my view, nips the matter in the bud: “A naked
writ from Singapore has no impact in a country. It must be adopted by the
jurisdiction. Indian law gives them the rule that adopts that.” The summons
should be accompanied by the order of court from the High Court of Singapore
which bears the signature of the assistant registrar – this would indicate
that the Singapore courts have granted the plaintiff leave to serve out of
jurisdiction. When the summons reaches the Indian courts, which is the proper
judicial channel for service of foreign summons, the Indian courts must be
apprised of the fact that the summons has been approved by the Singapore
courts for service out of jurisdiction. By way of logic and reasoning, the
summons has to be approved by the Indian courts; it cannot simply slip pass
the Indian courts without any mark of authorisation. This mark embodies the
principle of legitimacy of the Indian courts. The Indian courts have to show
that they have authorised service and the requirements of Order V r 10 of the
Indian CPC must be strictly complied with, which was not the case here. Since
I found that Order V r 10 was not satisfied, there is no necessity to venture
into a discussion of Order V r 9.

Whether the improper service on the first and thirteenth defendants can be
cured

37 Before I commence to discuss this issue proper, I would like to state at
the outset that both the first and thirteenth defendant embraced the same
position on this point. Order 11 r 3(2) of the Rules read:

**Service of originating process abroad: Alternative modes (O. 11, r. 3)**

3\. —(2) Nothing in this Rule or in any order or direction of the Court made
by virtue of it shall authorise or require the doing of anything in a country
in which service is to be effected which is contrary to the law of that
country.

38 The pith and marrow of the first defendant’s case was that it was expressly
stated in O 11 r 3(2) of the Rules that the court had _no_ jurisdiction to
authorise any act which is contrary to the law of the country in which service
was to be effected. When one country was seeking to effect service in a
foreign jurisdiction, it was mutual courtesy to comply with the rules of the
foreign jurisdiction. It was not the role or in the power of the Singapore
court to decide whether one can disregard the rules of another country.

39 This was an opportune moment to set out O 2 r 1(1) of the Rules:

**Non-compliance with Rules (O. 2, r. 1)**

1\. —(1) Where, in beginning or purporting to begin any proceedings or at any
stage in the course of or in connection with any proceedings, there has, by
reason of anything done or left undone, been a failure to comply with the
requirements of these Rules, whether in respect of time, place, manner, form
or content or in any other respect, the _failure shall be treated as an
irregularity and shall not nullify the proceedings_ , any step taken in the
proceedings, or any document, judgment or order therein.

40 In the alternative, Mr Shanmugam asserted that even if the court had
jurisdiction to cure the irregularity by virtue of O 2 r 1, the court’s
discretion could only be exercised in extraordinary circumstances. In this
aspect, the plaintiff has no vestige of evidence, by way of an affidavit or
otherwise, providing reasons why the court should exercise its discretion in
this case. He argued that if the irregular service was curable by O 2 r 1, any
writ which was not served in accordance with the foreign laws would be curable
and the purpose of O 11 was rendered nugatory.

41 In _Afro Continental Nigeria Ltd v Meridian Shipping Co SA (The “Vrontados_
”), there was a time bar to the plaintiffs’ claim for breach of contract. As
time was running out fast, the plaintiffs applied _ex parte_ to serve the
writs by way of substituted service. The defendants applied to set aside the
writ and service. The trial judge, Parker J, held that “all three of the
directors of the defendant were residing in this country and all three could
have been served without the slightest difficulty and since there was not
anything impracticable about serving the directors”, substituted service was
not allowed and the service of the writs were consequently set aside. On
appeal, the Court of Appeal approved Parker J’s decision and held that
“[s]ubstituted service ought only be ordered when it was impracticable for the
plaintiff to effect personal service”.

42 I hold the view that _The “Vrontados_ ” is distinguishable on the basis
that the defendants were residing in England and the application was for
substituted service in the same jurisdiction, not service out of jurisdiction.
I appreciated the analogy Mr Shanmugam tried to show insofar as the court took
a strict approach on setting aside the service of the writ in _The “Vrontados_
” even though this led to the plaintiffs’ claim being time barred, which was a
serious consequence.

43 Mr Shanmugam and Mr Hamid both submitted that _Ong & Co Pte Ltd v YL Chow
Carl_ [1987] SLR 304 (“ _Chow Carl”)_ supported their position. The facts
involved the service of the notice of the writ by means of a court process
server employed by a firm in Kuala Lumpur which was not an authorized method
of service. Chan Sek Keong JC (as he then was) set aside the service of the
writ and appropriately observed:

6 …The service of a writ is an exercise in judicial power. The judicial power
of a state can only be exercised within the territorial limits of the state
over which the courts have jurisdiction…

7 In other words, the judicial power of one state cannot be extended or
exercised in another independent state except with the consent of that state.
The reason is that it encroaches upon the sovereign rights of the other state…

44 In a nutshell, the first defendant adopted the position that from the
express wording of O 11 r 3(2) of the Rules, the court had no jurisdiction to
cure the irregularity present here. In the alternative, even if the court had
jurisdiction and discretion to cure the irregularity, there must be cogent
reasons of an extremely high threshold to do so. In this aspect, the plaintiff
had no once of evidence providing reasons why the court should exercise its
discretion.

45 In Summons No 4404 of 2003 and Summons No 6259 of 2003, AR Low was
addressed on a similar point and she held that “the defect in failing to serve
via the proper channel was so fundamental that [she] should not exercise [her]
discretion to cure it in the present case”. Mr Shanmugam and Mr Hamid urged
the court to take this into account, although they acknowledged that AR Low’s
decision was not binding on this court.

46 On the other hand, Mr Ng was asking the court to exercise its discretion to
cure the irregularity. His principal reason was that the plaintiff has clearly
taken all the necessary steps to ensure that the summons was served through
the judicial authorities in India. He adopted the case of _Golden Ocean
Assurance Ltd and Christopher Julian Martin (the “Goldean Mariner”)_ [1990] 2
Lloyd’s Rep 215 where the English Court of Appeal considered the ambit and
operation of the English equivalent of O 2 r 1(1) of the Rules. In this case,
each of the defendants was served with a copy of the writ which correctly
named them as defendants but which copy was intended for different defendants.
The English Court of Appeal held that the failure was to be treated as an
irregularity and would not nullify any step taken in the proceedings. Further,
there was no evidence that the defendants had suffered any prejudice as a
result of the process server’s error and the court exercised its discretion
against setting aside the service on the defendants.

47 Mr Ng used the _Goldean Mariner_ to illustrate the point that although the
wrong writ was served on the defendants, it did not detract from the fact that
the writs that were served contained the names of all the defendants – _a
fortiori_ – the defendants were aware that a suit has been commenced against
them. He likened the _Goldean Mariner_ to the instant case as to how the
plaintiff had gone to “extraordinary lengths” and there had been numerous
attempts at service. It could not be the case that the defendants were
completely oblivious to an action being commenced against them.

48 To my mind, the _Goldean Mariner_ is distinguishable from the factual
matrix the court is facing here. In that case, the procedural defect in
respect of service was that the defendants were served with the wrong writs.
In contrast, the situation the court is faced with here is one where the
defendant has not been properly served in accordance with the laws of the
country where service was effected. The differences in the _extent_ of the
procedural defects are as diverse as two ends of a spectrum. Further, as Mr
Shanmugam rightly pointed out, the _Goldean Mariner_ was a case where the
procedural rules offered the plaintiffs the choice of serving in accordance
with English procedure or with the procedure of the country where service was
effected. It was the complete opposite here where O 11 r 4(2) of the Rules
clearly stated that the service of the summons in a foreign country must
comply with the method of service in that country. In the premises, I find the
_Goldean Mariner_ inapplicable to the facts present here.

49 Mr Shanmugam relied on _Fortune Hong Kong Trading v Cosco Feoso(s) Pte Ltd_
[2000] 2 SLR717 (“ _Fortune_ ’) in which the brief facts were as follows. The
service of an English writ on a defendant in Singapore was not effected in
conformity with O 65 of Rules of Court 1997 but by a private agent by leaving
the relevant documents at the registered office of the defendants. I find it
useful to set out the pertinent parts of the observations by the Singapore
Court of Appeal (at [25]):

The first thing to note is that both _Sunkyong_ and _Chow_ involve the
_interpretation of the respective provisions governing the service of process
out of jurisdiction and they do not concern the interpretation of O 65 or its
Malaysian equivalent_. It appears to us that the primary concern of the judges
in these cases was that the procedure set out in O 11 prescribing the methods
of service of process in a foreign jurisdiction must be strictly adhered to.
Understandably, they were sensitive to the possibility that the foreign state
might view such a service of process as being an encroachment upon its
sovereign rights.

[emphasis added]

50 Although this case accentuated the strict approach taken by our courts in
adhering to O 11 of the Rules, in the same way the court in _Fortune_
distinguished the _Chow Carl_ case as it was premised on O 11, the same could
be said for distinguishing _Fortune_ on the basis that it centred on a
discussion of O 65 of the Rules. However, I was of the view that this approach
may well be too technical and there are certain principles in _Fortune_ that
command a general application.

51 This is a convenient point to add that Mr Ng referred the court to _Pacific
Assets Management Ltd and Others v Chen Lip Keong_ [2006] 1 SLR 658 (_“Pacific
Assets”_), which coincidentally followed Fortune, to contend that a writ was a
mere notification tool and the service of our writ abroad did not encroach
upon the sovereignty of the country in which the writ was served. He relied on
the following observations of Belinda Ang Saw Ean J:

21 The Singapore Court of Appeal in _Fortune Hong Kong_ ([8] _supra_) dealt
with the sovereignty point which was the critical reasoning on which _United
Overseas Bank Ltd v Wong Hai Ong_ ([19] _supra_) laid stress _._ As far as
Singapore law is concerned, service of process out of the jurisdiction is not
an assertion by the court of an extra-territorial jurisdiction for two
reasons. First, L P Thean JA, who delivered the judgment of the appellate
court, pointed out in [30] that since 1 February 1992, the form of our writ:

… is no longer structured in the form of a command to the defendant and does
not contain any reference to the President of the Republic of Singapore and is
not tested or witnessed by the Chief Justice. In its present form, _the writ
is more of a notification to the defendant_ that an action has been commenced
against him in the court in Singapore than a command to him issued by the
court. It seems to us that this change in the content of the writ has made it
‘compatible with international comity to allow service out of jurisdiction’ of
the writ: (per the commentary at para 6/1/1C of the 1982 edition of _The
Supreme Court Practice_). In its present form, the writ has lost its meaning
of a judicial order, and it can hardly be contended that _the service of our
writ abroad would interfere with or encroach upon the sovereignty of the
country in which the writ is served_.

22 Second, there are safeguards in the rules against encroachment upon
sovereign rights of a foreign country. Where there is no consensual service,
service of process is controlled by O 11 of the SRC. For instance, O 11 r
4(2)(_c_) requires service to be in accordance with any method of service
authorised by the foreign country’s domestic laws for service of its
originating process: see Thean JA in _Fortune Hong Kong_ at [32].

[emphasis added[

52 I cannot do more than reiterate that a perusal of the observations, in
particular, [22], would demonstrate that the finding that the role of a writ
was relegated to that of a mere notification device did not displace the
stringent condition that O 11 r 4(2)(c) nevertheless had to be met, i.e. “in
accordance with any method of service authorised by the foreign country’s
domestic laws for service of its originating process”.

**_My decision_**

53  The Singapore Court of Appeal in _Official Receiver, Liquidator of Jason
Textile Industries Pte Ltd v QBE Insurance (International) Ltd_[1988] SLR 111
(_“QBE Insurance”_) discussed the limits of the court’s discretion in curing
irregularity and followed _Leal v Dunlop Bio-processes Ltd_ [1984] 2 All ER
207:

22 In _Leal v Dunlop Bio-processes Ltd_ [1984] 2 All ER 207, the plaintiff
served a writ out of jurisdiction without obtaining the leave of the court.
The limitation period had expired but the English Court of Appeal held that
the writ could not be renewed. In particular, Stephenson LJ said (at 213):

…if it is wrong to allow the plaintiff to continue these statute-barred
proceedings by extending the validity of his writ under O 6 r 8 to enable the
plaintiff to apply to issue a concurrent writ for service out of the
jurisdiction under O 6 r 6, it must be wrong to allow him to continue them by
giving him leave to serve it out of the jurisdiction under O 11 r 1. Order 2 r
1 should not be invoked to allow either course.

23 In the same case, Slade LJ said, at p 215:

…it would have been an improper exercise of the registrar’s discretion under O
2 r 1, to make good the irregular service of the writ retroactively in this
case, where he could not properly have renewed the writ under O 6 r 8. When
seeking the indulgence of the court under O 2 r 1, in circumstances such as
the present, a plaintiff cannot, in my opinion, expect the court to exercise
its discretion more favourably than it would be prepared to exercise it on an
application under O 6 r 8. _If he cannot properly enter through the front door
of O 6 r 8, he should not be allowed to enter through the back door of O 2 r
1_.

[emphasis added]

54  Further, the Court of Appeal in Malaysia pithily held in _Lee Tain Tshung
v Hong Leong Finance Bhd_ [2000] 3 MLJ 364 that:

“Even though the court has the widest possible power to do justice, not all
irregularities can be cured under O 2 r 1(2). There is _no power to remedy
irregularities of a more fundamental kind_. Sometimes the irregularity is so
fundamental a defect in procedure that the court is unwilling to exercise the
discretion in O 2 r 1(2) to disregard the irregularity. In such a case, the
court will decline to exercise its power under r 1(2) to make any dispensing
order waiving the irregularity. The power given to the court by O 2 r 1 is a
power to cure irregularities consisting of failures to comply with the rules.
There is no power to remedy failures of a more fundamental kind.”

55 The court proceeded to demonstrate the type of irregularities that
constituted fundamental defects which the court had no power to remedy. It
cited _The Supreme Court Practice_ 1997, Vol 1, para 2/1/1 which read: “If an
action is brought by a non-existent company, it must therefore be struck out:
except in the case of a mere misnomer, the non-existent plaintiff cannot apply
to have another person joined as a co-plaintiff (_Dubai Bank Ltd v Galadari
(No 4) The Times_ , 23 February 1990).” In addition, the failure to renew a
writ for service constitute such a fundamental defect in procedure that the
court would not exercise the discretion to disregard it under O 2 r 1(2):
_Bernstein v Jackson_ [1982] 2 All ER 806.

56 In _Lam Kong Co Ltd v Thong Guan & Co (Pte) Ltd_ [1985] 2 MLJ 429 (“ _Lam
Kong”)_ , the plaintiff entered a default judgment against the defendant when
it failed to enter an appearance, but it acted contrary to the requirements of
O 13 r 12 of Rules of the Supreme Court 1957 which was for the action to be
set down on a motion for judgment. The Supreme Court of Malaya held that the
irregular judgment constituted such a fundamental defect that it was not
curable and Abdul Hamid CJ appositely held (at 431):

It is to be observed that the effect of the rule [O 13 r 12] was to disentitle
the respondents from entering default judgment on a writ specially indorsed
for specific performance. They were to proceed in the manner provided by the
Rules and that was to set down the action on motion for judgment. It was only
on the further step being taken that it was open for the court or judge to
consider giving judgment as upon the claim the court or judge should consider
the respondents to be entitled. At that point of time, therefore, judgment in
default was not only given in breach of r 12 but had resulted in a failure to
comply with r 11 of O 27. In the circumstances, we are _constrained to hold
that the breach and the non-compliance were not merely irregularities but
fundamental defects_. **The fundamental defect was not, in our view, curable
as the effect of the breach and non-compliance was to defeat the right of the
other party to the action**.

[original emphasis in bold and my emphasis added]

57 I pause here to comment on the legislative intention of O 2 r 1 of the
Rules, which is _in pari materia_ with O 2 r 1 of the Rules of the High Court
1980. “O 2 r 1 [of the Rules of the High Court 1980] should be applied
liberally in order, so far as reasonable and proper, to prevent injustice from
being caused to one party by mindless adherence to technicalities in the rules
of procedure (Supreme Court Practice 1991 at p 10)”: see the Supreme Court of
Malaysia decision in _Tan See Yin Vincent v Noone & Co & Anor_ [1995] 1 MLJ
705 at 718. In my view, an improper service which does not obey the laws of
another country can and shall not be envisaged by the legislature as an
irregularity which is curable. In this light, I set out a relevant excerpt
from Jeffrey Pinsler, _Singapore Court Practice 2006_ , Lexis Nexis: 2006,
which reads (at 35-36):

“The improper service of process out of the jurisdiction may deprive the suit
of its legal basis, a consequence which the court has shown itself to be
disinclined to remedy. In _Ong & Co v Carl YL Chow_ [1987] 2 MLJ 430, at 432,
Chan Sek Keong JC said that by failing to comply with the pertinent provision,
‘the plaintiff has in fact disregarded the legal basis upon which judicial
powering Singapore may be exercised in Malaysia. That must render the
purported service a nullity.”

58 To my mind, the _Chow Carl_ case was a case on all fours with the present
which also involved the examination of O 11 of the Rules of Supreme Court 1970
(“1970 Rules), in particular, O 11 r 5(2) and O 11 r 6(2) of the 1970 Rules.
First, O 11 r 5(2) of the 1970 Rules is now O 11 r 3(2) of the current Rules.
Second, O 11 r 6(2) of the 1970 Rules is now O 11 r 4(2) of the current Rules,
except that the current O 11 r 4(2) added in one more sub-provision (c), that
is, “by a method of service authorised by the law of that country for service
of any originating process issued by that country”. Although O 11 r 4(2)(c)
has been added to the current Rules, it did not change the guiding and
unwavering principle of the Singapore courts that the requirement that O 11 of
the Rules must be satisfied was the touchstone of proper service out of
jurisdiction in Singapore, and I hold that the _Chow Carl_ case remains good
law in Singapore and is applicable to the present case.

59 Borrowing the words of Abdul Hamid CJ in _Lam Kong_ , I hold that the
services of the writ on the first and thirteenth defendants, which did not
conform to Indian law, defeated the very objective of O 11 and were “not
merely irregularities but fundamental defects”. Although the effect of the
improper service did not serve to defeat the right of the other party to the
action as in _Lam Kong_ , for the court to condone the non-compliance with not
only the laws of India, but our own law under O 11 rr 3(2) and 4(2)(c) will
send our civil procedural system into disarray, especially in an era where
litigation has adopted an international pedigree and global outlook.

60 Our courts have always adopted a firm policy on international comity. Lai
Siu Chiu J expressed this in _Burswood Nominees Ltd (formerly Burswood
Nominees Pty Ltd) v Liao Eng Kiat_ [2004] 2 SLR 436 (at [30]): “The doctrine
of comity of nations is not something courts in Singapore should take
lightly.” In light of the express warning in O 11 r 3(2) and the basic
principle of law that service is the legal basis of jurisdiction, I hold that
the impropriety in the service of the writ on the first and thirteenth
defendant do not fall within the purview of O 2 r 1.The court cannot correct a
defect or error which is, to start with, not curable under the Rules. The
improper services on the first and thirteenth defendants are tantamount to
fundamental defects, cannot be said to be mere irregularities. Since the
plaintiff failed to comply with the front door of O 11, it “should not be
allowed to enter through the back door of O 2 r 1”: _QBE Insurance_ at [23].

61 Even if I am wrong and the court has the discretion to invoke its power
under O 2 r 1, I do not think it would have been a proper exercise of
discretion of the court to treat the service as proper. The plaintiff has not
shown the court any good reason why the service ought to be deemed as proper
even though the Indian laws were not complied with; there must be an
extenuating factor or an extraordinary circumstance warranting and justifying
a deviation from a fundamental principle of law. Therefore, it is a matter of
principle for me to hold that the defect in the service was so fundamental and
serious that the first and third defendants would be prejudiced by the
procedural defect inasmuch as this action had _no legal footing_ to begin
with. To decide otherwise will be to fall freely into what is the anti thesis
of the law and to render the strength and foundation of O 11 a paper tiger.

Conclusion

62 The onus of proof was on the plaintiff and I found that based on the
specific factual matrix of the case, the plaintiff failed to discharge its
case, on a balance of probabilities, that the service processes on the first
and thirteenth defendant were proper. Accordingly, I set aside the service of
both writs of summons on the first and thirteenth defendants.

63 For both Summons No 5593 of 2006 and Summons No 1775 of 2007, I will grant
order in terms for prayer (1). I also order that costs are to be paid by the
plaintiff to the first and thirteenth defendants, to be agreed if not taxed.
Since I found that the services on the first and thirteenth defendants were
not proper, consequently, there is no necessity for me to hear parties on the
second issue of _forum non conveniens_ , which will arise in future if and
when the plaintiff effects proper service in India. The plaintiff is free to
re-attempt service on the respective defendants in accordance with Indian law.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 13 Aug 2007 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

