Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## QZ v QY  
[2007] SGHC 79

Case Number | : | D 603099/2002  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 24 May 2007  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Lee Seiu Kin J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Nicole Loh (Harry Elias Partnership) for the Petitioner; Irving Choh and Felice Png (Rajah & Tann) for the Respondent   
Parties | : |  QZ — QY   
  
24 May 2007 |   
---|---  
  
Lee Seiu Kin J

1 On 16 March 2006, the District Judge in the Family Court made the following
ancillary orders in this divorce pertaining to custody, access, maintenance
and division of matrimonial assets:

(a) Joint custody of the children of the marriage be granted to the Wife and
the Husband, with care and control to the Wife.

(b) Reasonable access to the children be granted to the Husband including:

(i) Alternate weekends, Friday, 6pm to Saturday, 9pm;

(ii) On weeks without overnight access, either Wednesday, 6pm to 9pm (if
children are going away on the weekend with the Wife) or Saturday, 2pm to 7pm
(if children are in Singapore for the weekend);

(iii) Alternate public holiday, 9am to 9pm;

(iv) In even numbered years beginning 2006, Christmas eve, 9am to 9pm. In odd
numbered years beginning 2007, Christmas day, 9am to 9pm;

(v) In odd numbered years beginning 2007, 3rd day of Chinese New Year;

(vi) Two weeks of mid and year-end school holidays, with overnight access; and

(vii) Telephone access.

(c) The Husband is to pay monthly maintenance of $3,500 for the children,
being $1,750 each, with effect from 20 March 2006, and thereafter on 20th of
each month.

(d) The Husband is to pay nominal maintenance of $1 for the Wife with effect
from 20 March 2006, and thereafter on 20th of each month.

(e) Payments are to be made into the Wife’s POSB bank account.

(f) The Husband is to pay maintenance of:

(i) $245,766 for 15 May 2001 to February 2004, being $7,300 x 12.5 months,
$7,500 x 7 months, $7,127 x 8 months, $7,500 x 5 months;

(ii) $67,500 for March 2004 to November 2004, being $7,500 x 9 months; and

(iii) $75,000 for December 2004 to February 2006, being $5,000 x 15 months.

(g) The interim payments of $47,500 and any other payments in February and
March 2006 made by the husband are to be offset against the amounts stated in
(f). The balance amount is to be paid by 12 equal monthly instalments with
effect from 20 March 2006, and thereafter on 20th of each month.

(h) The Husband is to pay the Wife a sum of $180,000 as her share of the
matrimonial assets within one month of this order.

(i) Parties are to retain other assets in their own names.

(j) Liberty to apply.

(k) Costs of the ancillary matters fixed at $2,500 to be paid by the Husband
to the Wife.

2 The Husband filed two appeals. The first, RAS No 720020/2006, was an appeal
against the above orders of 16 March 2006. The second, RAS No 720033/2006, was
an appeal against a refusal by another judge, District Judge Jeffrey Sim, to
stay those orders. Both appeals were heard by me on 16 October 2006, at which
time I made certain orders. The Wife’s solicitors applied for further
arguments which I heard on 8 January 2007, at the end of which I modified
slightly my orders of 16 October 2006. In the result the following are the
final orders made on 8 January 2007:

(a) On the question of access in Order (b) of the District Judge:

(i) paragraph (i) amended to “Alternate weekends from Fridays 6pm to Sunday
morning at start of usual church service, at church”.

(ii) paragraph (ii) amended to “Saturdays 2pm to 9pm, but if the children are
not in Singapore, then to be made up by access on Wednesday (before or after)
6pm to 9pm”.

(iii) paragraph (iii) amended by adding “apart from Chinese New Year and Good
Friday”.

(iv) in paragraph (v) “Petitioner is to have the children on Chinese New Year
and Respondent to have children on Good Friday holidays, from Thursday 6pm to
Sunday church service hour. If that weekend does not coincide with
Respondent’s access weekend, this will be swapped for either previous or
subsequent weekend”.

(v) paragraph (vi) amended to include “with liberty to take children abroad”.

(vi) paragraph (vii) amended to “Daily phone access”.

(b) On Orders (c), (f), (g), (h), (i) of the District Judge, the matter is
remitted to the court below for trial of the issue of the Respondent’s assets.

(c) In the interim, the Respondent is to pay $3,500 for children and $1 for
Petitioner per month.

(d) Any orders for payment of arrears of maintenance and loan are stayed
pending determination in Order (2).

(e) Costs of this appeal to be paid by Respondent to Petitioner fixed at
$4,000, inclusive of stay application before DJ Jeffrey Sim.

3 The Wife has appealed against Orders (b), (c) and (d) above and I now give
the grounds for my decision.

4 The parties were married on 18 September 1992. They have a daughter and a
son, aged 10 and 6 years. On 16 August 2002, the Wife filed a petition for
divorce on the grounds of his unreasonable behaviour. The Decree Nisi was made
on 17 October 2003 and it was made absolute on 28 June 2004. There have been a
number of hearings on the ancillaries leading to the orders made by the
District Judge on 16 March 2006. The Petitioner’s appeal to the Court of
Appeal essentially pertains to my order to remit the matter to the District
Court for trial on the issue of the Respondent’s assets.

5 Although the judge below considered the Husband’s assertions that he did not
have much assets nor did he have much income, she did not consider it
necessary to order cross-examination of these issues. Instead she concluded
that he had the capacity to earn enough to pay the arrears and future
maintenance from the fact that he had signed certain documents. However the
Husband had also produced evidence that he owed about $13,000 to the Inland
Revenue Authority of Singapore (IRAS). As for assets, the judge below drew an
adverse inference from the lack of forthrightness of the Husband and held that
he had assets worth $1.2m.

6 Section 112(1) of the Women’s Charter (Cap 353, Rev Ed 1997) gives the court
power to order division of matrimonial assets in the course of divorce
proceedings. In exercising this power, the court must first determine what
those matrimonial assets are and their value. This is usually done by way of
affidavits and where there is agreement as to their constituents and value,
the court can proceed to consider the division having regard to all the
circumstances of the case pursuant to s 112(2). Even where the parties are not
in full agreement as to these matters, the court may proceed on the basis of
the affidavits if it considers that the areas of disagreement are not
substantial or the court is in a position to resolve them from the contents of
the affidavits.

7 However it is a very different matter if there are substantial areas of
disagreement, in which case any division ordered by the court runs the risk of
causing injustice to one or the other party, or worse, rendering the order
unenforceable thereby benefiting neither party. If the court undervalues the
assets of one party, injustice is done to the other party in that the latter
receives less than what he or she would otherwise be awarded. On the other
hand if the court overvalues the assets of one party, injustice is done to
that party.

8 Worse still if the court severely overvalues the assets of a party because
that party could have no means to pay the sum ordered in the division. In the
present case, that is exactly the complaint of the Husband, who claimed that
he did not have the assets and the income that the Wife claimed he had. He had
stated in his affidavits that he had very little assets and attributed this to
business failure. He had also deposed that he had very little income as he
only worked in odd jobs and depended on his parents to lend him money for the
interim maintenance ordered. In my view, where there is a conflict of evidence
in relation to crucial issues such as the amount of assets owned by one party
or his income, the court ought to have resolved the matter by way of a trial.
This is to ensure that any subsequent order for transfer of assets or
maintenance would be based on assets or income that actually exist.

9 I accordingly made the Orders (b) and (d) but ordered interim maintenance in
Order (c).

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 24 May 2007 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

