Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Gobi Nadhan a/l Balakrishnan v Tan Chin Sian  
[2007] SGHC 57

Case Number | : | Suit 66/2007  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 27 April 2007  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Choo Han Teck J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  M Ramasamy s/o Karuppan Chettiar (Acies Law Corporation) for the plaintiff; Edwina Fan Yuen Chi and Josephine Kang (Kelvin Chia Partnership) for the defendant   
Parties | : |  Gobi Nadhan a/l Balakrishnan — Tan Chin Sian   
  
27 April 2007 |   
---|---  
  
Choo Han Teck J:

1 Sometime between 6.10am and 6.20am on 5 December 2004 the plaintiff was
riding his motorcycle along Bukit Timah Road towards the direction of
Serangoon Road. He was a Malaysian working as a crane driver at the Port of
Singapore Authority, Tanjong Pagar Complex, at Keppel Road. When he entered
the junction between Bukit Timah Road and Cavenagh Road his motorcycle
collided with a motorcar driven by the defendant. The defendant drove from the
opposite direction and was making a right turn towards the Central Expressway
when the two vehicles collided. Both parties claimed that they had the right
of way because the traffic lights were green in their favour.

2 The plaintiff testified that he was travelling at 60km/h, admitting that he
was going at 10km/h above the speed limit, which at that time, was 50km/h (it
was subsequently been raised to 60 km/h). He said that the sky was dark but
the street lamps were lit. When he was about 50m from the traffic junction he
noticed the traffic light was red against him, but turned green as he passed a
petrol station and so he continued. The evidence from the photographs
indicated that the petrol station was about 40 to 50 metres from the traffic
junction. The plaintiff testified that as he entered the road junction the
defendant’s car hit his motorcycle in the front right wheel. He fell from the
impact and was injured. There was no photographic evidence of the extent of
the damage to the plaintiff’s motorcycle. There were some photographs showing
the damage to the defendant’s car, and they showed a crumpled front right side
of the car.

3 The defendant was at the time, about 22 years old, and was a student at the
Singapore Management University. He and his friends were out the previous
night (4 December 2004) from about 10pm celebrating the end of their
examinations. They celebrated through the night and concluded with breakfast
at McDonald’s in the early hours of 5 December 2004. The defendant was sending
three of his friends home after breakfast when the accident occurred. One of
them was in the front passenger seat and was engaged in conversation with him.
The other two were “dozing off” in the rear passenger seats. None of the
defendant’s passengers testified in court. The defendant said under cross-
examination that two of them were sleeping and the third was unable to give an
account of the accident. No evidence was adduced under examination-in-chief
and cross-examination as to the nature and extent of the celebrations, and the
court will note that the parties consider that irrelevant. The defendant
testified that the traffic lights were green in his favour but the green arrow
light signalling that traffic from the opposite direction would have stopped
had not yet appeared. He slowed down and allowed his car to “roll” into the
turning pocket, and at that point, the green arrow appeared. He therefore
proceeded to turn right. He first noticed the plaintiff’s motorcycle when it
was about 5 or 6 metres away at the stop line of the road where the plaintiff
was travelling. The defendant testified that he immediately stopped his car
but it was too late. He demonstrated in court the respective position of the
two vehicles just before and at the point of impact.

4 Miss Fan, counsel for the defendant submitted that the junction where the
defendant had stopped was at the crest of a slope and that “the photographs
show that [the defendant] could only see the first vehicle stopping at the
stop line of the opposite side.” This submission was more extravagant than
either the defendant had provided in his testimony and the photographs. The
photographs taken from the defendant’s car for the purposes of the trial were
a little unclear because the defence was content to admit them even though
they were taken on a rainy day. Nonetheless, the ‘slope’ did not seem so steep
that the defendant could only see the first vehicle at the opposite stop line.

5 When two vehicles collide at a road intersection and the driver and rider of
the vehicles each claiming the right of way, the court may never know what
really happened. However, the court’s role is a less ambitious one, and that
is, to decide which version of the competing stories was the more probable
one. In this regard, Miss Fan submitted that I should reject the plaintiff’s
story in preference to that of the defendant’s because the plaintiff’s
evidence was inconsistent on various points. First, he was not clear as to
which lane he was on at the material time, and secondly, that he was not
truthful in saying that he kept to the speed limit of 60 km/h when the speed
limit was, at the material time, 50 km/h. Miss Fan also submitted that the
plaintiff’s report that the defendant’s car hit his motorcycle at the side was
not correct because the evidence showed that the plaintiff’s motorcycle
sustained its main damage at the front. Counsel also urged me to find him an
evasive witness because he did not answer questions put to him. However, the
examples given by counsel do not support the definition of “evasiveness”. One
such question was counsel’s suggestion to the plaintiff that he (plaintiff)
was travelling on the extreme left lane and to which the witness replied by
saying “disagree”.

6 I did not get the impression that the plaintiff lied in his version of the
accident. He was a mildly reserved witness who spoke through the interpreter
although he appeared to understand some English. The defendant was better
educated and more articulate, but I was also unable to find that he was lying.
The different versions in the circumstances of this case were, in my opinion,
due to inattentiveness and false impressions, which, of course, are not the
same as falsehood on the part of the witnesses. In my view, the accident more
probably occurred when the traffic lights at the junction were green without
the green arrow yet to appear, and the defendant made his turn thinking he had
the right of way. However, he must have failed to notice the plaintiff’s
motorcycle until late, by which time, even though he stopped his car, the
plaintiff’s motorcycle hit the car in the manner demonstrated by the defendant
in court. If the defendant did not stop, the injury to the plaintiff would
probably have been far more serious. The fact that the defendant saw the
plaintiff at that point implied that if he had only seen him earlier, the
accident would probably not have occurred. Thus, the question was not whether
the crest of the slope was so steep, as Miss Fan sseemed to think so. In my
view, that would not have made much difference because if the defendant could
not see beyond the slope, an unproven claim in the event, he ought to have
proceeded with as much care. It might be possible that visibility distance was
far too short for anyone to be certain, but the burden of proving that lay
with the defendant because one can expect a well used road such as Bukit Timah
Road to be well supervised and maintained by the Land Transport Authority. No
evidence of the inherent danger being brought to the authority’s attention was
adduced. It was not disputed that the red arrow light was installed after the
accident, but the circumstances and reasons were not in evidence. I can only
surmise that the red arrow would make the junction safer, but that cannot lead
to a finding that the junction was unsafe without it. The crucial fact was
that from the photographs, it seemed to me that a driver in the defendant’s
position just before turning right would have a clear view of at least six
vehicles’ length from the plaintiff’s side of the road, and in that event, he
would have ample time to stop for the plaintiff.

7 I was of the view that the plaintiff had contributed to the accident even on
the findings I made in respect of the defendant’s driving. A road user
approaching a wide intersection has a duty to keep a lookout for other road-
users, and had the plaintiff been alert, he ought to have seen that the
defendant’s car was not likely to give way. I find that the plaintiff was
probably not attentive and was also probably riding at a speed faster than he
ought to have. I was of the view that the combination of these two factors
contributed to the collision. The apportionment of contribution in accident
cases can never be a precise or even accurate exercise. Generally, unless the
evidence justified a finding that both parties were equally to blame, the
court would have to determine as best as it could on the evidence of the
particular case how serious the plaintiff’s conduct was in the contributing to
the accident. The determination of the extent of contribution is not a
determination of the cause of the accident. When an accident occurs, both
parties must have met at the confluence of impact even though one or even both
of them were not at all to blame. It follows that where a court had determined
that one party’s contributory negligence was, say 20%, it did not mean that
that party caused 20% of the accident or that his action or conduct was 20%
the cause of the accident, neither notion makes sense. Even the person whose
contributory negligence was determined at 20% could have avoided the accident
whether his contribution had been less or more. Hence, in terms of
ascertaining what caused the accident, it had to be the conduct of both
parties and from that perspective, the cause should be joint equally. But that
often seems unfair. Why is that so? The answer is that superficially, some
conduct appears more blameworthy than others. A man who drives a car at great
speed and knocking down a pedestrian at a pedestrian crossing is deemed much
more culpable than the pedestrian who, having seen the car coming at great
speed, insists on his right of way at a pedestrian crossing even though the
accident would have been avoided entirely had the pedestrian forfeited his
right of way. When a court apportions contributory negligence, it is
apportioning what it thinks were the blameworthiness for the accident, and any
finding of that nature must depend on the circumstances of the individual
case. On the facts of this case, I was of the view that the range could be
between 10 to 20%. In the circumstances, I found the defendant liable for the
accident and hold that the plaintiff’s contributory negligence to be 15%.

8 For the reasons above, I ordered interlocutory judgment to the plaintiff
with damages to be assessed and the plaintiff is awarded 85% of the sum
assessed.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 27 Apr 2007 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

