Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## PlanAssure PAC (formerly known as Patrick Lee PAC) v Gaelic Inns Pte Ltd  
[2007] SGCA 41

Case Number | : | CA 2/2007  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 30 August 2007  
Tribunal/Court | : | Court of Appeal  
Coram | : |  Chan Sek Keong CJ; Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA; V K Rajah JA   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Ang Cheng Hock and Kenneth Lim Tao Chung (Allen & Gledhill) for the appellant; Philip Fong, Navin Joseph Lobo and Bernice Tan (Harry Elias Partnership) for the respondent   
Parties | : |  PlanAssure PAC (formerly known as Patrick Lee PAC) — Gaelic Inns Pte Ltd   
  
Evidence – Admissibility of evidence – Relevance of admission made in criminal
proceedings – Admission by accused not binding on parties not involved earlier  
  
Professions – Accountants and auditors – Professional standards in auditing –
Duty to detect fraud  
  
Tort – Negligence – Causation – Absence of reckless or deliberate conduct
breaking chain of causation  
  
Tort – Negligence – Contributory negligence – Importance of fact-specific
approach – Broad brush assessment – Section 3(1) Contributory Negligence and
Personal Injuries Act (Cap 54, 2002 Rev Ed)  
  
Tort – Negligence – Duty of care – Auditors – Whether auditor owing duty to
detect fraud – Whether auditor breached duty in performance of audit – Whether
loss to company caused by auditor's breach – Appropriate quantum of damages
company entitled to  
  

30 August 2007 |  Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
V K Rajah JA (delivering the judgment of the court):

1 This is an appeal by PlanAssure PAC (previously known as Patrick Lee PAC)
(“the appellant”) against the decision of the trial judge awarding judgment to
Gaelic Inns Pte Ltd (“the respondent”) for the sum of $775,266.02 as damages
for negligence in respect of audits performed by the appellant (see _Gaelic
Inns Pte Ltd v Patrick Lee PAC_ [2007] 2 SLR 146 (“GD”)).

2 Having heard and carefully considered the submissions of the respective
parties, we have decided to allow the appeal in part. We now set out the
reasons for our decision.

**The facts**

3 The appellant is a firm of certified public accountants and was established
in 1974 under the name of Patrick Lee & Co. The appellant’s partnership was
converted to a public accounting corporation incorporated under the Companies
Act (Cap 50, 1994 Rev Ed) (“CA”) in 2002.

4 The respondent is engaged in the business of owning and operating, _inter
alia_ , pubs in Singapore.

5 The appellant was engaged by the respondent as its statutory auditors to
audit the respondent’s accounts for the financial years (“FYs”) of 2001, 2002
and 2003. The audit required the appellant to comply with the terms of s 207
of the CA, and express an opinion as to whether the respondent’s financial
statements gave a true and fair view of its profit and loss.

6 Pursuant to this, Tow Juan Dean (“Tow”), a director of the appellant and a
qualified practising accountant, was assigned to be the statutory auditor in
charge of the audit of the respondent’s financial statements. Tow was assisted
by Phong Wai Lee (“Phong”), who was employed as an audit manager of the
appellant but who was not a qualified practising accountant.

7 The yearly audits for FYs 2001 and 2002 were completed without incident.
Thereafter, the respondent retained the appellant’s services to conduct the
yearly audit for FY 2003.

8 Three directors sat on the respondent’s board of directors at the material
time of the various audits for FYs 2001, 2002 and 2003:

(a) Ian Crowhurst (“Crowhurst”), managing director;

(b) Charles Lew Foon Keong (“Lew”), non-executive director; and

(c) Shaw Hui Jeong (“Shaw”), non-executive director.

9 Between 2001 to 2004, Denise Ang (“Ang”), the respondent’s former group
finance manager, devised and carried out a scheme whereby she delayed banking
in cash on the day of sales into the respondent’s bank account, and instead
used the cash for her personal benefit. To make up for the resulting
shortfall, Ang would bank in an equivalent amount of cash subsequently
collected from later sales. For a period of time, Ang managed to avoid
detection because she would subsequently bank in the same amount of money that
she had taken out. This method of misappropriation is usually described in
accounting parlance as “teeming and lading”.

10 Ang’s misappropriation of funds was eventually detected by the respondent’s
payroll and administration manager, Maggie Seah (“Seah”), on 24 May 2004. Ang
has since been charged with and convicted on three counts of criminal breach
of trust under s 408 of the Penal Code (Cap 224, 1985 Rev Ed). Six other
similar charges were taken into consideration. The total sum misappropriated
was $1,006,115.12. To date, the respondent has recovered from Ang the paltry
sum of $8,929 and an additional sum of $100,000 from its insurers.

11 In July 2005, the respondent commenced the present suit against the
appellant, in which it seeks damages of close to $1m for negligence in respect
of the audits performed by the appellant between 2002 and 2004. The crux of
the respondent’s case is that the appellant failed to detect Ang’s cash
misappropriations during the audit of the accounts for FYs 2001, 2002 and
2003, thereby emboldening and enabling Ang to continue with her
misappropriation.

12 The respondent avers that the appellant’s negligence caused losses at two
levels. Where past losses are concerned, the appellant’s negligence, it is
alleged, caused the respondent to lose the chance of recovering the
misappropriated sums from Ang before the sums were dissipated. Additionally,
the respondent alleges that the subsequent misappropriations could have been
averted had the appellant discharged its duties.

13 In the proceedings below, the appellant strenuously opposed the
respondent’s allegations of negligence. In disputing its liability, the
appellant made the following points:

(a) It had not breached its duty of care to the respondent.

(b) Even if the appellant had been in breach, such breach did not cause any
losses in FYs 2001 and 2002.

(c) The appellant had been prevented from discovering Ang’s misappropriations
in FY 2003 by various factors, such as the respondent’s termination of its
services before the completion of the audit for FY 2003.

(d) The respondent had been contributorily negligent in failing to put in
place internal controls to prevent or detect Ang’s cash misappropriations.

14 Both parties adduced expert evidence in support of their case. The
respondent’s expert, Tay Swee Sze (“Tay”), took the view, _inter alia_ , that
the appellant had fallen below the standards of reasonably competent auditors
and had failed to discover the irregularities, thereby causing the respondent
to sustain losses. Tay opined that the appellant’s failure to inquire into the
whereabouts of the “uncredited lodgments” as well as its failure to perform a
cash count and roll-back amounted to a breach of duty. Tay also suggested that
the appellant had been negligent in its failure to inquire into the
circumstances surrounding the long list of reconciling items and the reasons
why cash sales had not been regularly banked into the respondent’s bank
account in accordance with the respondent’s banking policy. Unsurprisingly,
the appellant’s expert, Seow Teng Peng (“Seow”), took a diametrically opposed
view and sought to downplay the appellant’s role as an auditor. To this end,
Seow averred that the respondent’s directors were expected to have included
the review of monthly bank reconciliations as part of their responsibilities
and should be equipped with the knowledge and expertise to detect any
irregularities therein.

**The High Court’s decision**

15 The trial judge first set out and examined the applicable principles in
relation to the nature and scope of an auditor’s duty, before coming to the
view that the appellant had been negligent in the discharge of its duties. She
noted (GD at [11]) that where the conduct of an auditor was called into
question, the court had to ultimately decide on the legal duty of auditors and
what an auditor was required to do in order to discharge his duty of
reasonable skill and care. While different auditors could have responded
divergently, the trial judge held that the court ultimately had to decide
whether an actual breach of duty had been made out on the facts. The duty
imposed on the auditor could not exceed the task undertaken, and the actual
nature of damage suffered was relevant to the existence and extent of any duty
to avoid or prevent it (see GD at [12]–[13]). Taken as a whole, this meant
that where breach of a duty of care was alleged, the party making the
allegation had to satisfy a two-fold requirement of showing that a duty was
owed to him and that it was a duty in respect of the kind of loss which he had
sustained.

16 The trial judge went on to observe that whilst an auditor was not expected
to be a detective, the duty to audit carried with it an incidental duty to
warn the appropriate level of management or the company’s directors of fraud
or irregularities discovered during the course of the audit. A breach of the
duty would have occurred if, in the course of the audit, the auditor uncovered
matters which reasonably required him to take further steps that would have
uncovered or led to him uncovering the fraud and he omitted to take such
further steps (see GD at [27]). The onus was on the plaintiff to show that the
defendant’s act or omission had caused it loss (see GD at [17]).

17 In relation to the first issue of whether the appellant had been negligent
in relation to the audits for FYs 2001 and 2002, the trial judge found in
favour of the appellant. Ang’s misappropriations had been made good by her
practice of teeming and lading in FYs 2001 and 2002, such that the respondent
could not be said to have suffered any loss from the cash misappropriations
during this period. In her view, the respondent’s inability to show damage (or
loss) proved fatal to its claim (see GD at [18]). One further obstacle stood
in the way of the respondent’s claim – the respondent had not adduced evidence
showing a real possibility that it would have recovered the cash
misappropriated by Ang in any event (see GD at [21]). She thus dismissed the
respondent’s claim for losses in FYs 2001 and 2002.

18 However, the trial judge went on to hold the appellant liable for a breach
of duty which, in her view, had occurred at the latest by 10 March 2004. She
opined that on 9 March 2004, when Phong had seen the bank reconciliation
statement (“BRS”) for December 2003 (“the December 2003 BRS”) indicating
substantial unlodged cash deposits of $672,253.94, he should have been put on
inquiry (see GD at [28]–[29]). Phong had reacted inadequately by merely
waiting for the bank statement and requesting that the respondent’s employees
provide information relating to the subsequent clearance dates. Instead, Phong
ought to have investigated the irregularity immediately (see GD at [29]), and
this would in turn have divulged a “pattern of continuing and unabated
increase in the amount of ‘unlodged cash deposits’” that would have led him to
conclude that “something serious was amiss” (see GD at [36]). In failing to
review the monthly BRSs throughout 2003, Phong had failed to discharge his
duty of care, thereby preventing the respondent from confronting Ang earlier
and avoiding the financial detriment which it suffered in 2004.

19 However, the trial judge declined to apportion the 2004 losses from 10
March 2004 onwards. She reasoned in her GD at [37] that:

… Phong was aware from the previous audits that there would be cash sales
which [were] not deposited in the bank as at 31 December and he ought to have
informed Tow of the position so that a cash count of the “unlodged cash
deposits” could be carried out on 2 January 2004.

Instead, the appellant would be held liable for $775,266.02, being the entire
2004 losses. This figure was arrived at on the basis that the total losses
amounted to $884,195.02, this being the amount that the police had charged Ang
with having misappropriated from 16 February 2004 to 23 May 2004 and for which
she had been convicted, less the sum of $100,000 recovered from the
respondent’s insurers as well as the $8,929 recovered from Ang.

20 The trial judge also opined that the respondent had been guilty of
contributory negligence as far as FY 2003 was concerned. The respondent would
thus be precluded from recovery in relation to the 2003 losses (see GD at
[38]).

21 However, she held that the respondent’s contributorily negligent conduct
did not extend to FY 2004, when major management changes had occurred and the
evidence was equivocal as to whether Crowhurst had continued to receive the
monthly BRSs after he ceased to be involved in the day-to-day operations of
the respondent (see GD at [39]).

22 The appellant appealed against the entirety of the trial judge’s decision,
and challenged her holdings in several material respects. More specifically,
the appellant disputed the existence of a duty to detect fraud and a breach
thereof. The appellant also took issue with her finding that causation had
been made out. In any event, the appellant contended that its liability should
be reduced in the light of contributory negligence on the respondent’s part.

23 The present appeal thus raises five broad issues, namely:

(a) whether the appellant owed a duty to detect fraud;

(b) whether the appellant had breached its duty in the performance of the
audit;

(c) whether this breach, if any, had caused the respondent’s loss;

(d) the appropriate quantum of damages which the respondent was entitled to;
and

(e) whether the respondent had been contributorily negligent.

**Whether the appellant owed a duty to detect fraud**

24 In its submissions, the appellant strenuously asserted that the trial judge
had erred in finding that the appellant owed a duty of care to the respondent
to detect fraud or error. While the appellant conceded that a duty of care
existed between itself and the respondent, the appellant submitted that this
duty did not extend to the detection of fraud or error in the accounts.

25 The appellant contended that the ambit of its duty should be defined and
limited by the terms of its engagement and the disclaimer included therein.
The salient portions of the engagement letter dated 22 August 2001
(“engagement letter”) read:

Because of the test nature and other inherent limitations of an audit,
together with the inherent limitations of any system of internal control,
there is an unavoidable risk that even some material misstatement may remain
undiscovered. Accordingly, _our audit should not be relied on to disclose
fraud, defalcations or other irregularities_.

_The Companies Act provided [sic] that the responsibility for the preparation
of accounts including adequate disclosure is that of the directors_. This
includes the maintenance of adequate accounting records and internal controls,
the selection and application of accounting policies, and the safeguarding of
the assets of the Company. As part of our audit process, we will request from
the directors written confirmation concerning representations made to us in
connection with the audit.

[emphasis added]

26 More significantly, in the course of oral arguments, counsel for the
appellant, Mr Ang Cheng Hock (“Mr Ang”), sought to highlight that the
imposition of such a duty would impose unjustifiably onerous obligations on
statutory auditors, who were not expected to conduct an audit with the
conscientiousness of a forensic accountant and perform a complete audit of
each and every transaction. Mr Ang relied heavily on precedents such as _In_
_re Kingston Cotton Mill Company (No_  _2)_ [1896] 2 Ch 279 at 288 for the
proposition that an auditor was “not bound to be a detective” or “to approach
his work with suspicion or with a foregone conclusion that there [was]
something wrong”. While an auditor performed a watchdog function, he was not
required to be a “bloodhound”.

27 Mr Ang also placed considerable emphasis on four factors which allegedly
precluded the appellant’s duty to detect fraud:

(a) the appellant’s engagement as a statutory auditor, rather than as a
forensic accountant specially tasked to investigate suspected fraud;

(b) the satisfactory findings of the previous audits for FYs 2001 and 2002,
which entitled the appellant to repose a degree of trust in the accuracy of
the respondent’s accounts;

(c) the low quantum of fees charged by the appellant for the audit; and

(d) the fact that there had essentially been no distinction between the
ownership and the management of the respondent.

28 Counsel for the respondent, Mr Philip Fong (“Mr Fong”), on the other hand
strenuously contended that the appellant was nevertheless duty-bound to
reasonably detect fraud. Mr Fong submitted that the limitation clause was
ineffective to preclude the appellant’s liability in tort, and disputed the
four factors cited by the appellant in support of its case.

29 We reject the appellant’s arguments on the duty point. The appellant has
mistakenly perceived its role as a statutory auditor to be a perfunctory one,
rather than that of a reasonably competent auditor exercising the requisite
skill and responsibility coupled with a healthy and reasonable dose of
professional scepticism. While a plain reading of the purported disclaimer
appeared to exclude the appellant from liability in the event that fraud was
not detected during an audit, it was not open to the appellant to seek to
exclude or limit its liability in relation to the respondent for negligence or
any other breaches of duty in this manner. A similar clause was examined in
_Dairy Containers Ltd v NZI Bank Ltd_ [1995] 2 NZLR 30 (“ _Dairy Containers_
”) at 53, where the terms of engagement expressly stated that the audit
“should not be relied upon to disclose defalcations or other irregularities,
but their disclosure, if they exist, may result from the audit tests
undertaken”. The court held that this provision did no more than confirm the
position relating to the detection of such fraud and irregularities as was
prescribed by the relevant professional accounting standards, and was thus
insufficient to restrict the auditor’s liability (at 53). In other words, the
limitation clause merely restated the degree of skill and care that was
required of an auditor under the accepted professional accounting standards.
It bears mention that the Singapore Standard on Auditing (“SSA”) 11 and SSA
240 specifically provide that an auditor must “consider the risk of material
misstatements in the financial statements resulting from fraud or error” when
planning and performing audit procedures. As such, the appellant would not and
should not be exempted from its duty to detect the existence of fraud and
error.

30 In any case, the insertion of the subject disclaimer did not confer upon
the appellant free rein to limit its liability. The dictates of both principle
and precedent make it clear that the terms of the appellant’s engagement do
not constitute the sole determinant of the scope of duties undertaken by the
appellant in the performance of its duties. It is beyond peradventure that the
appellant remains under an implied duty to exercise reasonable care and skill
in the course of the audit even though this is not explicitly stated in the
terms of its engagement: _Jackson & Powell on Professional Liability_ (Sweet &
Maxwell, 6th Ed, 2007) (“ _Jackson & Powell_”) at para 17-022. Put simply, the
appellant would nevertheless remain liable for negligence should it be
determined that a reasonable auditor exercising reasonable care and skill
would have detected the fraud. We would also underscore that a wholly
contractual analysis of the appellant’s duties would be overly simplistic and
inconsistent with the principles espoused in case law. In _JSI Shipping (S)
Pte Ltd v Teofoongwonglcloong_ [2007] SGCA 40 (“ _JSI Shipping_ ”) at [32] and
[35], we observed that a multitude of factors come into play when assessing
the nature and extent of an auditor’s professional duties:

As a starting point, it would be apposite to identify the sources from which
we can glean the appropriate standard of care expected of an auditor. In this
regard, it is helpful to refer to the seminal case of [_Dairy Containers_] at
54 which, in our view, quite correctly assimilated the requisite standard of
care from: (a) the standard required as a matter of contract and under the
relevant statutes or regulations; (b) expert evidence relating to the conduct
of the audit; and (c) the relevant auditing standards set by the governing
professional body: see _Jackson & Powell on Professional Liability_ (Sweet &
Maxwell, 6th Ed, 2007) (“ _Jackson & Powell_”) at para 17-050. _In short, it
is an amalgam of considerations that almost invariably permutate and should,
therefore, be specifically assessed in accordance with each factual matrix_.

…

_The nature and extent of an auditor’s professional obligations in any given
matrix is, therefore, to be assessed by a composite review of the precise
contractual obligations undertaken, the duties imposed by statute, the
auditing standards reflected in the SSAs and the expert evidence adduced in
relation to the conduct of the audit. The multiplicity of criteria is an
inevitable function of the dynamic interface between the various
interpretative processes which interact in an audit. There is no single all-
embracing rule or criterion that consistently or exclusively predominates_.

[emphasis added]

31 In the circumstances, we would emphasise that a court will be extremely
slow in sanctioning an auditor’s attempts to wholly exclude liability for
professional negligence.

32 More importantly, we are also not persuaded that the various factors cited
by Mr Ang exonerated the appellant from its duty to detect fraud. Mr Ang’s
submissions, if accepted, would effectively entirely denude the established
duties owed by a statutory auditor in the performance of an audit of any
meaningful content. We are unable to accept these contentions as they
represent an unjustified departure from established precedents and practice.

33 The mere fact that the appellant had been engaged purely as a statutory
auditor did not _ipso facto_ preclude the existence of a duty to unmask or
prevent fraud. The observations of Moffitt J in _Pacific Acceptance
Corporation Ltd v Forsyth_ [1970] 92 WN (NSW) 29 (“ _Pacific Acceptance_ ”) at
63–64 are apposite in this regard:

To date I have considered the duty of an auditor where he discovers matters
which in the first instance, or eventually, lead him to suspect fraud. _A
somewhat different question arises as to the place, if any, the possibility of
fraud plays in a “statutory audit”_. There was a considerable debate on this
matter. The defendants’ approach was not altogether clear but was inclined to
deny its existence in a “statutory audit”, then [_sic_] rather to concede it,
but approach it as minor or insignificant. _However, it is clear that in
planning and carrying out his work an auditor must pay due regard to the
possibility of error or fraud. Once it is accepted that the auditor’s duty
requires him to go behind the books and determine the true financial position
of the company and so to examine the accord or otherwise of the financial
position of the company, the books and the balance sheet, it follows that the
possible causes to the contrary, namely error, fraud or unsound accounting,
are the auditor’s concern._

_The matter cannot be dismissed by reference to the well-known dicta regarding
suspicion and metaphors concerning dogs and detectives_ , for such are rather
directed to the auditor’s state of mind and do not suggest that a careful
auditor, without suspicion in his mind but doing his duty, will pay no heed to
the reality that there is always a material possibility that human frailty may
lead to error or fraud in the financial dealings of any organi[s]ation. …
[F]or an auditor to plan his programme and perform his audit work so as to
take some account of the possibility of fraud, in the sense that if fraud
exists there are reasonable prospects of it being revealed, is not to say that
an auditor should start his work with suspicion in his mind. …

_The duty to pay due regard to the possibility of fraud has been recogni[s]ed
by the courts and by the auditing profession and by the very nature of some of
their procedures – for example, the surprise nature in an unannounced cash
count. It would be wrong to suppose such recognition to be confined to special
audits and to exclude statutory audits which occupy so large a part of audit
assignments._

[emphasis added]

34 Admittedly, the scope of a statutory audit is comparatively limited in
comparison to a forensic audit. A statutory auditor need only comply with less
onerous obligations, and may use samples on a test basis instead of performing
a 100% audit of all transactions. This is not to suggest, however, that a
statutory auditor is entitled to take a casual view of his functions. The
authorities have overwhelmingly affirmed that a statutory auditor remains
obliged to remain alive to the possibility of fraud being committed. Thus, in
_In re London and General Bank (No 2)_ [1895] 2 Ch 673 at 682–683, Lindley LJ
opined that an auditor was duty-bound in the following terms:

His business is to ascertain and state the true financial position of the
company at the time of the audit, and his duty is confined to that. But then
comes the question, How is he to ascertain that position? The answer is, By
examining the books of the company. But he does not discharge this duty by
doing this without inquiry and without taking any trouble to see that the
books themselves shew the company’s true position. He must take reasonable
care to ascertain that they do so. Unless he does this his audit would be
worse than an idle farce.

35 Further, in _Fomento (Sterling Area) Ltd v Selsdon Fountain Pen Co Ltd_
[1958] 1 WLR 45, Lord Denning observed at 61 that:

An auditor is not to be confined to the mechanics of checking vouchers and
making arithmetical computations. He is not to be written off as a
professional “adder-upper and subtractor”. His vital task is to take care to
see that errors are not made, be they errors of computation, or errors of
omission or commission, or downright untruths. To perform his task properly he
must come to it with an inquiring mind – not suspicious of dishonesty, I agree
– but suspecting that someone may have made a mistake somewhere and that a
check must be made to ensure that there has been none.

36 Indeed, what perhaps cripples the appellant’s case is the fact that the
appellant itself had expressly acknowledged its duty to detect irregularities
in the respondent’s accounts. The terms of its engagement letter (see [25]
above) merit reproduction:

We will conduct our audit in accordance with the Singapore Standards on
Auditing (SSAs). _Those SSAs require that we plan and perform the audit to
obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of
material misstatements_. An audit includes examining, on a test basis,
evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and
significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall
financial statement presentation. [emphasis added]

37 The appellant was therefore obliged to apply its mind to how best it could
prudently discharge its obligations under the SSAs. In expressing an opinion
as to the accuracy of the accounts, the appellant was duty-bound to ensure
that no material inaccuracies existed, in so far as such inaccuracies could
have been detected on the basis of adequate sampling and the appellant having
exercised reasonable care in the audit.

38 Seen in this light, the fact that the previous audits for FYs 2001 and 2002
had proven satisfactory did not, therefore, exculpate the appellant from its
breach of its duty of professional scepticism by wholeheartedly reposing its
trust in Ang’s integrity or in the accuracy of the respondent’s books.
Similarly, the comparatively low remuneration received by the appellant cannot
detract from the scope of its duty to ensure that the respondent’s accounts
were free of material misstatements. If this were the case, statutory auditors
would be given _carte blanche_ to discharge their functions in a wholly
superficial manner, especially where they have been engaged pursuant to a
long-term arrangement and/or for insubstantial remuneration.

39 The appellant had robustly contended that a less extensive duty should be
imposed where the terms of the audit had been defined narrowly, and where the
costs of the audit that would have been required to detect the fraud under
scrutiny would have been significantly higher than the actual remuneration
received for the audit that was actually performed. The appellant cited the
decision by the Maritoba Court of Appeal in _International Laboratories Ltd v
Dewar_ [1933] 3 DLR 665 (“ _Dewar_ ”) in support of this contention. We have
no hesitation in dismissing the appellant’s contention on this point. The
basis for the decision was succinctly highlighted by Dennistoun JA at 676,
where he observed:

To check and uncover frauds of this type is beyond the scope of auditors whose
contract is for part time work in the verification of a balance sheet, with
special attention to cash, notes, securities, payrolls, and bank deposits, and
not a contract to make a detailed audit of every entry in the book, with a
scrutiny of delivery slips, invoices (both out and in), inventories, and all
other records of a large business.

Such an audit would have cost many times the sum of $350 which these auditors
were receiving, with occasional extra sums for special work.

40 It was on this premise that the court in _Dewar_ ([39] _supra_) declined to
hold the auditor liable for its failure to discover the fraud, as this would
have necessitated a check of all invoices, a task which fell outside the ambit
of the auditor’s duties in that case. To our minds, the material facts of the
present case have been shaped in an entirely different context. In the first
place, the appellant’s remuneration of some $4,500 to $5,000 annually was no
paltry sum to be scoffed at. While the sum might not have been sufficiently
large to warrant a full-fledged investigation of the respondent’s accounts, it
was by no means a token amount given in recognition of casual or routine
services. Further, and more importantly, the appellant had been expressly
engaged to perform a statutory audit and to ensure that no inaccuracies
existed in so far as such inaccuracies could have been detected on the basis
of sampling and the appellant exercising reasonable care in the audit. More
specifically, the appellant was duty-bound to detect material misstatements
arising from fraud, defalcations or other irregularities in the respondent’s
accounts. In our view, Ang’s misappropriations fell squarely within the ambit
of the appellant’s terms of reference. As the later portion of our judgment
will show, the appellant had been conspicuously derelict in the discharge of
its duties and could not possibly be said to have exercised reasonable care.

41 Moreover, as the respondent rightly pointed out, if it had been necessary
for the appellant to undertake procedures that were not originally
anticipated, it was open to the appellant to negotiate for an increase of its
fees. The appellant should not be entitled, in the circumstances of this case,
to water down its responsibilities by claiming that it had not been paid
enough to perform the necessary work. Indeed, it would be wholly untenable
from the viewpoint of policy and market discipline if the appellant were to be
held to a lower standard simply on the basis that it had not been remunerated
sufficiently for its services.

42 Likewise, the appellant’s contention that a less extensive duty should be
imposed on auditors where the shareholders and the directors of a company are
identical must be carefully assessed. Admittedly, a persuasive case may be
made for the imposition of a less extensive duty where there is a fortuitous
confluence of identity between the shareholders and the directors of the
company being audited. This becomes evident when we consider the underlying
rationale for the statutory audit. In this respect, reference may usefully be
made to the incisive comments articulated by the editors of _Jackson & Powell_
([30] _supra_) at para 17-002:

… Ownership by the shareholders is separated from management and day-to-day
control by the directors. The latter are accountable for the conduct of the
company’s affairs to the shareholders who may exercise their collective powers
to reward, appoint or remove the directors. To that end, shareholders are
entitled to an annual report from the directors as to their conduct of the
company’s affairs. Shareholders are also entitled to a report from independent
auditors in order to ensure, so far as possible, that financial information as
to the company’s affairs prepared by the directors accurately reflects the
company’s position.

43 Since a statutory audit serves to apprise shareholders of the company’s
affairs, a pragmatic and more flexible approach may be justified where a
congruence of identity exists. Under such circumstances, the shareholders
would be fully aware of the company’s affairs and the statutory audit may, in
certain exceptional circumstances, be a mere formality.

44 The possibility of adopting a more flexible approach in these circumstances
has also been adverted to in _Halsbury’s Laws of Singapore_ vol 6 (Lexis
Nexis, 2006 Reissue) at para 70.331:

**Significance of the auditor’s function**

In order to understand the true significance of the auditors’ functions, it is
necessary to appreciate the practical distinction between the owners of the
company on the one hand and the management and directors on the other. In very
small companies, the owners of the company (namely, the members) are also
usually the directors. They run the company and are responsible for its
business. The statutory audit becomes a formality under these circumstances,
since the owners are fully aware of what is going on.

45 We would, however, be loath to make a definitive pronouncement in relation
to this for the purposes of the present appeal, given that the requisite
congruence of identity has not been made out. While Crowhurst, Lew and Shaw
held concurrent appointments as directors and shareholders of the respondent,
we note that Crowhurst’s and Lew’s wives also owned shares in the respondent
as well.

46 Before us, Mr Ang made much of the allegedly far-reaching consequences that
would arise if a duty to detect fraud were imposed on statutory auditors.
Among other submissions, he contended that if an overly onerous standard was
imposed on statutory auditors, this would lead to an increase in audit fees,
insurance premiums and the costs of business. With respect, this concern does
not bear scrutiny.

47 In our considered view, we are not holding statutory auditors to an
unrealistically extensive scope of duties by finding the existence of a duty
to detect and prevent reasonably apparent types of fraud. We would preface our
findings by pointing out that we have adopted a measured response in finding
liability on the facts before us by only holding the appellant liable for
breaches arising in 2004 (and not 2002 and 2003). More significantly, we
emphasise that the benchmark against which an auditor is held is that of
reasonable care and skill. It is not contemplated that an auditor must detect
each and every material misstatement or instance of fraud in the discharge of
his duties. We observed in _JSI Shipping_ ([30] _supra_) at [47] that:

Stripped of all verbiage, it can be said that the demarcation of the
boundaries of professional liability remains the judicially determined
standard of reasonable care. In other words, the auditor must exercise the
reasonable care and skill of an ordinary skilled person embarking on the same
engagement. His duty is not to provide a warranty that the company’s accounts
are substantially accurate, but to take reasonable care to ascertain that they
are so. The precise degree of scrutiny and investigative effort which
constitutes reasonable care is to be determined on the facts of each
individual case.

48 In finding an affirmative duty on the part of a statutory auditor to detect
and prevent readily apparent and/or easily detectable types of fraud, we are
not suggesting that a statutory auditor must undertake a full-fledged inquiry
into the veracity of the accounts in all cases. Rather, the onus is on him to
perform his duties with an attitude of professional scepticism (SSA 1 at para
6), and remain alive to the possibility of fraud. The auditor is not simply a
professional mathematician computing data. He must approach his task with an
inquiring mind and remain constantly alert to the fact that a mistake or
oversight could actually be the thin end of a wedge. An auditor would thus be
obliged to pursue the matter and make further inquiries where reasonable
suspicion would typically have been excited. Indeed, in _Clerk and Lindsell on
Torts_ (Sweet & Maxwell, 19th Ed, 2006) at para 10-189, it is observed that:

[I]n general, an auditor must “make a reasonable and proper investigation of
accounts and stock sheets, and if a reasonably prudent man would have
concluded on that investigation that there was something wrong call his
employer’s attention to that fact”. He is not obliged, however, to “draw the
accounts, not to turn every stone and open every cupboard”. He is of course
not liable for failing to find irregularities that would not have been found
by a reasonably competent auditor.

49 The SSAs also recognise the existence of practical limitations and
constraints faced in a statutory audit. For instance, SSA 1 expressly
acknowledges (at para 9) the existence of inherent limitations in an audit
which impinge upon an auditor’s ability to detect material misstatements such
as: (a) the use of testing; (b) the inherent limitations of any accounting and
internal control system; and (c) the fact that most audit evidence is
persuasive rather than conclusive. Sufficient leeway is thus given to
statutory auditors in the discharge of their duties to verify financial
statements.

50 To summarise, we are satisfied that statutory auditors have a duty to be
alive to the possible existence of fraud. In our considered view, the
appellant’s contention that the imposition of a duty would be unsustainable in
policy terms and out of step with the realities of the audit process is
misconceived. As observed by this court in _JSI Shipping_ ([30] _supra_) at
[120], the imposition of a duty conduces towards market discipline and serves
as a sound exhortation and salutary reminder to the profession of its
imperative duty to discharge its obligations with reasonable care:

It is of singular importance to reiterate that statutory auditors, on whom
shareholders are dependent for their skill, judgment and vigilance, should
perform their duty with scrupulous care. The potential recourse to a
negligence action reassures the public that professionals who hold themselves
out as possessing a particular skill will not lightly breach the requisite
standard of care expected of them. It is another measure through which
discipline is imposed on the profession. Market confidence that errant
professionals can be brought to book is an important feature of a mature
financial centre.

**Whether the appellant had breached its duty to exercise reasonable care**

51 Before delving into the facts and assessing whether the appellant had
breached its duty of care, two guiding principles ought to be borne in mind.

52 First, the standard which an auditor is held up to is that of reasonable
care. An auditor is not expected to be an omniscient capable of detecting
every single material misstatement and/or every instance of fraud; neither is
an auditor required to take a wholly sceptical view as to the veracity of the
account, and make further inquiries in all cases regardless of whether
suspicious circumstances exist. Instead, case law has recognised the need to
strike a balance between an auditor’s duty to detect fraud and the
impossibility of doing so in all cases. This is encapsulated in the common law
test which holds that an auditor would have discharged his duty by exercising
the reasonable skill and care of an ordinary skilled person performing the
same engagement: _Jackson & Powell_ ([30] _supra_) at para 17-049. The
penetrating comments of Lindley LJ in _In re London and General Bank (No_
_2)_ ([34] _supra_) at 683 are apposite in this respect:

Such I take to be the duty of the auditor: he must be honest – i.e., he must
not certify what he does not believe to be true, and _he must take reasonable
care and skill before he believes that what he certifies is true. What is
reasonable care in any particular case must depend upon the circumstances of
that case_. Where there is nothing to excite suspicion very little inquiry
will be reasonably sufficient, and in practice I believe business men select a
few cases at haphazard, see that they are right, and assume that others like
them are correct also. Where suspicion is aroused more care is obviously
necessary; but, still, an auditor is not bound to exercise more than
reasonable care and skill, even in a case of suspicion, and he is perfectly
justified in acting on the opinion of an expert where special knowledge is
required. [emphasis added]

53 The SSAs similarly reiterate that an auditor is expected to take a balanced
approach when performing an audit. SSA 11 and SSA 240 provide that an auditor
should plan and perform the audit with “an attitude of professional
scepticism”. Put another way, an auditor would not be expected to wholly
obliterate audit risk in the discharge of his duties. Rather, what the law
mandates is for him to minimise audit risk to an acceptable level by obtaining
reasonable assurance of the matters which ought to be verified.

54 Second, in evaluating whether there is an irregularity which would have put
the auditor in question on inquiry, the court should guard against using its
_ex post facto_ knowledge of the existence of fraud to impute on the auditor a
level of inquiry that would have been unreasonable in the circumstances. The
court should refrain from assessing the situation with the benefit of
hindsight, and should instead place itself in the shoes of a reasonably
skilled auditor at the time the audit was conducted.

55 The cautionary words of Moffitt J in _Pacific Acceptance_ ([33] _supra_) at
62–63 are especially pertinent in this respect:

Once fraud is revealed and has been investigated it is easy to connect earlier
manifestations of it. The natural inclination after the event to do so is apt
to mislead. Therefore, if the conduct of the auditor is reviewed after the
event and at the same time as the fraud demonstrated, as happens of necessity
in a case such as this, _the inclination must be consciously guarded against_.
The auditors’ conduct must be examined in a practical way upon the matters as
they then presented themselves to them, with at least an initially
unsuspicious state of mind, or as they ought to have presented themselves to
them in such a state of mind. … _[I]t would be unreasonable to expect [the
auditor] to connect matters in the fashion that one would expect as on a
special investigation or by one whose suspicions have already been aroused_.
[emphasis added]

56 We endorsed this approach in _JSI Shipping_ ([30] _supra_) at [69], and
noted:

At this juncture, it is also necessary to reiterate that a court must always
guard against the “scapegoat effect” that often magnifies _ex post facto_ and
makes plausible culpability by employing the spectacles of hindsight. It is
almost intuitive for a third party observer, after the occurrence of an
unhappy event, to conclude that procedures could or should have been adopted
to obviate the subsequently known risks. On the other hand, an auditor looking
at the matter as it presented itself at the material time would usually quite
naturally conclude that he or she was acting reasonably. It is crucial, in the
interests of justice, that the standard of reasonable care be objectively
assessed on the basis of knowledge then reasonably available as well as
measures that could have been reasonably adopted at the material time. The
acid test is certainly not one of retrospective plausibility.

57 Thus viewed, these two guiding principles allow generous leeway to auditors
in the discharge of their duties, and avoid the imposition of unrealistically
harsh and onerous standards. Despite this, an assessment of the facts
discloses that the appellant fell far short of the standard reasonably
expected of an auditor in its position.

58 At the outset, we would state that Phong had fallen short of the minimum
standards of competence that could legitimately be expected from a reasonably
competent auditor through his failure to respond and make further inquiries in
relation to the December 2003 BRS ([18] above). On its face, the December 2003
BRS glaringly revealed a sum of $672,253.94 in unlodged cash deposits. It was
a red flag, significance of which entirely escaped his attention. However, we
do not agree with the trial judge that the breach itself had occurred on 10
March 2004, a day after Phong first had sight of the December 2003 BRS.
Instead, we are of the view that the breach occurred only a week after Phong’s
receipt of the December 2003 BRS (_ie_ , on 17 March 2004). Some leeway must
be given for Phong to reflect on and evaluate his options for verification,
and thereafter respond appropriately to Ang’s failure to provide the necessary
documentary comfort.

59 We pause at this juncture to observe that there has been some disagreement
between the parties about the date on which Phong had received the December
2003 BRS. At the hearing, Mr Fong averred that Phong had been provided with a
faxed copy of the document in February 2004 before he visited the appellant’s
office to perform the audit on 9 March 2004. Given that the respondent was
unable to provide any objective evidence (such as a fax transmission) in
support of its claim, we are not minded to disturb the trial judge’s finding
that Phong had only received the December 2003 BRS on 9 March 2004 (GD at
[28]).

60 It is our view that the appellant had failed to exercise reasonable care in
the performance of its audit duties in at least two material respects.

**_Failure to understand the respondent’s BRS_**

61 Much of the parties’ arguments centred around the meaning of the term
“uncredited lodgments” as they appeared in the respondent’s accounts. As the
trial judge correctly pointed out (see GD at [8]), the term in the present
factual matrix is open to two plausible interpretations:

(a) cash sales already deposited into the respondent’s bank account but which
had not been shown as credited (this first view was taken by Crowhurst and
Tow); or

(b) cash sales not yet deposited into the respondent’s bank account (this
second view was taken by Seah and Phong).

62 In its submissions, the respondent alleged that Tow had misunderstood its
BRS or the bank reconciliation exercise, and had thereby failed to show a
reasonable degree of competence in the discharge of his duties. Mr Fong urged
us to adopt the view that the term “uncredited lodgments” referred to cash
sales which had not been deposited into the respondent’s bank account.

63 In our view, the meaning to be attributed to the term “uncredited
lodgments” is wholly immaterial for the purposes of ascertaining whether a
breach had occurred. The appellant had acted in dereliction of its duties,
regardless of which meaning is attributed to the term.

64 Tow would be in breach of his duty even on his own understanding of the
term “uncredited lodgments” (_ie_ , the first view). Tow had opined that the
cash sales items (“CFS items”) listed under the “uncredited lodgments” in the
respondent’s BRS referred to cash sales which had been deposited in its bank
account at the close of each year. Tow had acknowledged his understanding that
cash deposited into the bank would have cleared within a day. However, the
facts disclosed a significant time lag of some 11 to 21 days before the CFS
items were cleared. This delay in clearance was plainly anomalous or unusual
even on Tow’s own evidence. Tow had obviously been aware of the lengthy delays
in this respect, as he had reviewed the BRS with Phong’s handwritten
annotations on the dates of clearance of the CFS items and had initialled the
bottom of the BRS for FYs 2001 and 2002. However, Tow did not see fit to raise
this matter with the respondent. In our view, this omission on Tow’s part
demonstrated that he had clearly failed to exercise the requisite standard of
reasonable care expected of him as an auditor. A competent auditor would have
promptly requested the respondent’s monthly BRS for January and February 2004
to determine whether the cash had indeed been deposited subsequently and
written to the respondent to express its concerns about the large amount of
“uncredited lodgments”.

65 Phong would likewise be in breach of his duty even if the second view was
adopted. As the trial judge rightly pointed out, Phong was put on inquiry by
the December 2003 BRS, as this clearly disclosed a substantial increase in
unlodged cash deposits in comparison to those in previous years (see [70]
below). By failing to inquire further into the reasons for this substantial
increase, Phong had failed to exercise the reasonable amount of care and skill
expected of someone with his experience and qualification. This is apparent
when we consider the context in which Phong had received the December 2003
BRS.

**_Failure to reasonably suspect existence of fraud_**

66 The appellant was incontrovertibly in breach of its duty when it failed to
detect Ang’s misappropriations. While an auditor is not expected to make
further inquiries in all cases, the precedents have established that an
auditor’s duty to inquire is triggered upon a reasonable suspicion of the
possible occurrence of an irregularity or fraud. In _Sasea Finance Ltd v KPMG_
[2000] 1 All ER 676, the court, citing “ _Auditing Guidelines_ ” (February
1990 Ed) published by the Institute of Chartered Accountants, noted at 681
that:

If during the course of his work the auditor identifies the _possible
existence_ of a fraud, other irregularity or error the following action should
be taken. The auditor should endeavour to clarify whether a fraud, other
irregularity or error has occurred … unless fraud by senior management is
suspected, the auditor should inform senior management of his suspicions.
[emphasis added]

67 Similarly, in _Pacific Acceptance_ ([33] _supra_) at 53–54, Moffitt J held
that a breach of duty would arise if the auditors uncovered matters which
“reasonably required them to take further steps, which they did not take and
which would have uncovered or led them to the uncovering of … fraudulent and
irregular dealings”.

68 The terms of the SSAs also confirm this and in effect impose a duty upon
auditors to inquire further where there exists a reasonable suspicion as to
the possibility of fraud. SSA 11 and SSA 240 specify that an auditor must make
additional queries and highlight the matter to the management of the company
being audited where he suspects that fraud _may_ exist [emphasis added].

69 The duty to inquire is plainly not confined to cases where fraud has been
visibly proved. Rather, the touchstone is whether the possibility of fraud can
be reasonably suspected on the facts. In our view, Phong had failed to
discharge his duty in this respect. We concur with the trial judge’s views
that Phong had been placed on inquiry by the substantial increase in
“uncredited lodgments” in the December 2003 BRS, and that his omission to make
further inquiries and ascertain the reasons for such increase constituted a
plain dereliction of his duties.

70 It would suffice to highlight three particular features of the present case
which, taken together, ought to have given rise to reasonable suspicion on the
appellant’s part. First, the appellant should have noticed that the
“uncredited lodgments” in the December 2003 BRS were $672,253.94, which
represented a significant and almost three-fold increase from the figures of
$148,111.45 and $160,846.78 in the BRS as at 31 December 2001 and 31 December
2002 respectively. These figures would most certainly have been known to the
appellant, given that it had performed an audit for the respondent in 2001 and
2002.

71 This significant aberration in the amount of “uncredited lodgments” for
2003 would have been even more apparent had the trial judge found as a fact
that Phong had taken the view that “uncredited lodgments” referred to cash
sales that had not been deposited into the respondent’s bank account. Based on
Phong’s understanding of this term (see [61] above), the December 2003 BRS
would necessarily have meant that a sum of $672,253.94 remained on the
respondent’s premises during the material period. However, there were no
plausible reasons for the respondent’s decision to leave such a substantial
amount of cash on its premises; neither could the appellant offer any proper
justification for such a course of action. In fact, it would have been nothing
short of foolhardy for the respondent to leave substantial amounts of cash on
its premises, especially since it would have been far safer for the cash to be
deposited at the bank instead. The (supposed) retention of large amounts of
cash on the respondent’s premises ought to have precipitated, at the very
least, a reasonable suspicion on the appellant’s part.

72 A second disturbing feature of the established facts is this: Given that
the respondent banked in its cash sales twice weekly, there should only have
been a maximum of four days’ worth of sales which remained undeposited at any
point in time. In other words, there should have been a maximum of only four
CFS items in the December 2003 BRS. In truth however, the $672,253.94 of
“uncredited lodgments” comprised 68 CFS items. This could not have been a mere
oversight. Surely, it ought to have warranted a reasonable suspicion that
something was amiss. The appellant, however, appeared blissfully oblivious to
the prospect of any impropriety.

73 Finally, the unusually large total amount of “uncredited lodgments” and
delay in the banking in of cash sales was a basic tell-tale sign of either the
breakdown of appropriate financial controls or, indeed, something even more
serious, _viz_ , fraud. As the trial judge rightly pointed out, it was basic
accounting knowledge that these features would reasonably lead to an inference
of teeming and lading (see GD at [32]). We would also highlight that the sum
of $672,253.94 constituted some 30% of the respondent’s costs of sales on an
annual basis ($1,740,315 in FY 2001 and $1,679,212 in FY 2002), and more than
10% of the respondent’s annual turnover in previous years ($5,359,693 in FY
2001 and $5,445,374 in FY 2002). The accounts thus revealed that a significant
proportion of the respondent’s annual turnover and costs of sales were made up
of “uncredited lodgments”. In our opinion, this was odd, to say the least, and
ought to have promptly placed the appellant on notice as to the existence of
potential irregularities in the accounts.

74 The presence of all these tell-tale signs mean that it is not open to the
appellant to contend that it could not have reasonably suspected the existence
of irregularities in the respondent’s accounts. We have emphasised these three
features for the purpose of showing that the appellant had failed to detect
the systematic and persistent nature of the fraud perpetuated by Ang, which
could have been uncovered by a reasonably competent auditor endowed with a
healthy and reasonable dose of professional scepticism. If we were dealing
with a small number of cunningly designed and carefully concealed frauds, the
appellant might be given leeway to allege that it was not employed as a
bloodhound or detective to discover unusual crimes when there was nothing to
arouse its suspicion. But, when we have this catalogue of suspicious features
which the appellant was fully aware of, it is an insufficient answer for the
appellant to say that it knew and suspected nothing. Connecting the dots
together required only a mild application of professional scepticism. While
the appellant had been accustomed to accept the existence of smaller amounts
of “uncredited lodgments” previously, it was not open to it to take a
similarly indolent view subsequently when the December 2003 BRS indicated a
startling increase in “uncredited lodgments” for no apparent reason. The
appellant was thus well aware of the fact that anomalies existed in the
respondent’s accounts and that Ang had extensive control over the respondent’s
monies.

75 We were also unable to accept Mr Ang’s attempts to downplay the
significance of $672,253.94 in “uncredited lodgments”. In his submissions, Mr
Ang repeatedly asserted that the mere increase in “uncredited lodgments” was
inconclusive, as such an increase could be attributed to several innocuous
factors such as delays in banking and unusual sales volumes in the month of
December. Mr Ang placed considerable weight on the fact that the respondent
was a small set-up, and contended that delays in banking in cash were typical
as far as the respondent was concerned, especially when its staff went on
leave.

76 We found these arguments unpersuasive. In our considered view, the fact
that the respondent was a small outfit was, in the final analysis, a neutral
consideration. It could equally be argued that the respondent’s small size
made the circumstances more conducive for the appellant to raise its concerns
directly with the respondent’s management and make further inquiries as to a
possible irregularity in the accounts. Moreover, the circumstances of the
present case were such that it was not open to the appellant to claim that a
substantial increase in “uncredited lodgments” would not prove to be a cause
for concern. The appellant was fully conversant with the cash-intensive nature
of the respondent’s business, and had documented this aspect of the
respondent’s business in its general risk assessment of 2002. In fact, it
bears emphasis that the appellant had identified cash as a major risk area at
least twice during its tenure with the respondent – once during the general
risk assessment of 2002, and again in its detailed general risk assessment of
the same year, where the appellant noted the existence of a large number of
assets which might be susceptible to loss or misappropriation. Indeed, we
ought also to observe that the cash-intensive nature of the respondent’s
business was the only aspect of the business which the appellant had
classified as being highly susceptible to fraud or error, among a multitude of
factors which had been considered during the detailed general risk assessment.
The appellant was also aware of the respondent’s avowed policy of banking in
cash deposits twice a week. In the system overview of 2002, which had been
conducted to ascertain the respondent’s system of recording and processing
transactions as well as to assess its adequacy as a basis for the preparation
of financial statements, the appellant noted:

6 Cash payment system

Advise staff collecting cash sales receipts and POS payment from previous day,
follow cash to POS. … _Cash banked in at least 2 times a week_. [emphasis
added]

77 Consequently, the appellant was, by its own express acknowledgement, fully
mindful of the respondent’s failure to adhere to its policy of banking in cash
sales regularly. Despite this, the appellant took no action to promptly advise
the respondent of the inherent risks in failing to ensure that the cash sales
were deposited twice weekly. In our opinion, the appellant had failed to
exercise the standard of care that was to be reasonably expected of it in the
circumstances. We would go further to hold that the appellant’s breach was
made even more egregious by the appellant’s actual knowledge of the weaknesses
of the respondent’s system, as well as the fact that the respondent had fallen
prey to precisely the sort of fraud which the appellant had initially
considered possible in its working papers.

78 One further observation is in order. The appellant had been plainly
oblivious to the possibility of fraud on the facts. The appellant had paid
scant attention to the flaws in the respondent’s internal control system.
While the appellant had made general reference to the respondent’s failure to
put in place checks of a systemic nature and to conduct spot checks on cash,
the appellant had not seen fit to issue any management letters highlighting
such weaknesses to the respondent. In fact, it is pertinent to note that the
appellant had not even placed on record the existence of loopholes in the
respondent’s control systems nor expressed any concerns about the increase in
“uncredited lodgments”.

79 In discharging its functions the appellant appeared to have conducted
itself merely as a technician verifying arithmetical accuracy rather than as a
professional seeking assurance that the underlying records supported the
financial statements. Having determined that the appellant had acted in breach
of its duty as a statutory auditor, we now turn to consider what the appellant
could reasonably have been expected to do in the circumstances.

**_The standard of reasonable care_**

80 Before us, Mr Ang repeatedly underscored that the appellant had requested
for information relating to the subsequent clearance and banking in dates of
the “uncredited lodgments”. He submitted that such a request was part of the
profession’s standard procedure and that the appellant had complied with the
requisite standard of care simply by making such a request.

81 At the outset, we would hold that the mere endorsement of a particular
practice by an expert in the field concerned is not to be considered
conclusive as to the reasonableness of that practice. We reiterate our view as
expressed in _JSI Shipping_ ([30] _supra_) at [50]:

We note that the respondent [the auditor in that case] quite sensibly does not
dispute the applicability and relevance of the “logical basis” requirement. It
can now be confidently stated that the application of the _Bolam_ test [see
_Bolam v Friern Hospital Management Committee_ [1957] 1 WLR 582] is
necessarily subject to and qualified by Lord Browne-Wilkinson’s statement in
[_Bolitho v City and Hackney Health Authority_ [1998] AC 232 at 241–242] (“the
_Bolitho_ addendum”), which, when adapted to the context of auditors, would
read as follows:

[T]he court is not bound to hold that a defendant [auditor] escapes liability
for negligent [auditing] just because he leads evidence from a number of
[auditing] experts who are genuinely of opinion that the defendant’s [audit]
accorded with sound [audit] practice. … [T]he court has to be satisfied that
the exponents of the body of opinion relied upon can demonstrate that such
opinion has a logical basis. In particular in cases involving, as they often
do, the weighing of risks against benefits, the judge before accepting a body
of opinion as being responsible, reasonable or respectable, will need to be
satisfied that, in forming their views, the experts have directed their minds
to the question of comparative risks and benefits and have reached a
defensible conclusion on the matter.

82 Having perused Seow’s report, and applying the “ _Bolam/Bolitho_ ” test as
set out above, we are of the view that Seow’s opinion as to the sufficiency of
a request for subsequent clearance dates should not be accepted. An auditor’s
duty does not stop at the mere request for information; instead, he is
expected to pursue the matter to its logical end by following up to ensure
that a satisfactory response is given. It was open to the appellant to utilise
alternative and non-direct methods to verify the accounts, where such methods
could be justified on a cost-benefit analysis. This approach was also endorsed
by Moffitt J in _Pacific Acceptance_ ([33] _supra_) at 67–68 in the following
terms:

Prima facie the auditor’s job is to check material matters for himself from
available documents and he does not ordinarily do his job or “audit” if he
merely seeks the assurance of another as to the check that the other has made
or as to his views as to the effect of documents.

In principle an auditor is really in no different position from any skilled
inquirer. To the inquirer in any field to know by direct examination is surer
proof than to believe on the hearsay of others or by inference. _The latter
and second-best alternatives may well be acceptable if a direct examination is
not possible or the delay, expense or effort that will be occasioned by such
examination is out of proportion to the importance of the matter to be
proved._

[emphasis added]

83 On the basis of the facts before us, we were not, however, prepared to go
so far as the trial judge to hold that the appellant was obliged to conduct a
cash count coupled with a roll-back at the first sign of a possible
irregularity on 9 March 2004. In our view, such a course of conduct would have
been premature at that point in time, given that there ought to have merely
been a suspicion of an irregularity in the accounts and that a cash count and
roll-back would have involved significantly more time and expense. This was
not to suggest, however, that the appellant was entitled to sit by idly. The
substantial sum in “uncredited lodgments” as well as the appellant’s awareness
that cash was a major audit risk for the respondent meant that further steps
were promptly called for. The appellant should have requested for the monthly
BRS for January and February 2004 to ascertain whether the cash was
subsequently deposited and placed on record its concerns about the large
amount of “uncredited lodgments” in a letter to the respondent. Further, the
appellant should have gone beyond the standard request for information on
subsequent clearance dates by making the necessary inquiries with the
respondent’s management. For instance, the appellant could have asked whether
the respondent had altered its banking procedures recently, thereby explaining
the substantial increase in the “uncredited lodgments”, or requested that the
respondent furnish the monthly BRS for the preceding months in order to
discern whether the increase had been a gradual or sudden one. The more severe
measure of a cash count and roll-back would only be justified had the
respondent refused to provide the information requested for or if the BRSs for
January and February 2004 indicated that the cash had not been subsequently
deposited. While the making of a request for subsequent clearance dates was a
positive first step towards the discharge of its duties, the appellant fell
short in the discharge of its duties by failing to take the necessary follow-
up action and pursue the matter when no response from the respondent was
forthcoming within a reasonable period.

84 At this juncture, we address two arguments made by the appellant in an
attempt to dilute its duty to make further inquiries. Both these arguments are
unmeritorious. The appellant first alleged that it did not possess the monthly
BRS for January and February 2004 and was thus unable to check the subsequent
clearance dates for the cash deposits. Second, the appellant sought to
persuade us to have regard to the commercial realities of the auditor-client
relationship and the possibility of irreparable damage to such relationship if
the appellant attempted to raise a serious allegation of fraud on the facts.

85 With respect, the mere fact that the appellant might not have had the
monthly BRS for January and February 2004 did not constitute a good excuse. It
was open to the appellant to insist on having sight of these documents from
the respondent in its capacity as statutory auditor, and there was no
indication that the respondent would have declined to produce the same. The
non-availability of the monthly BRS for the months of January and February
2004 could not exonerate the appellant from its failure to adhere to the
standard of care expected of it as an auditor.

86 Similarly, the appellant’s argument that the making of further inquiries
would have jeopardised the parties’ relationship misses the point entirely.
The appellant had been appointed to perform an audit function – a serious
responsibility. Put simply, the appellant was under a duty to verify the
accuracy of financial information prepared by the respondent and detect errors
or defalcations (if any existed). This required the appellant to exercise a
reasonable degree of scrutiny in relation to the respondent’s accounts, as
opposed to merely rubber-stamping them.

87 While it is true that a certain degree of sensitivity and respect should be
shown by auditors to the management of a company under audit, auditors are
appointed to act independently of management. Accordingly, they are not
entitled or obliged to adopt an overly deferential view of their role for fear
of offending management. Auditors must bear in mind that they have been
entrusted with the role of ensuring that a company’s accounts are accurately
reflected. It is thus imperative for them to perform their independent role by
garnering sufficient and appropriate audit evidence and alerting management
promptly upon a reasonable suspicion that something is amiss, even though this
may require them to adopt a seemingly indelicate course of action (such as the
making of further inquiries and requests for additional information).

88 On an overall evaluation of the circumstances, the irresistible inference
is that the appellant had been woefully deficient in the discharge of its
duties as a statutory auditor. The appellant, in failing to recognise from the
striking facts before it that something was amiss, had failed to comply with
the standard of care which could reasonably be expected of it in the
circumstances.

89 The appellant should not have accepted as sufficient a request for
subsequent clearance dates. Also, its acceptance of the substantial increase
in “uncredited lodgments” without further investigation was, in our view,
negligent. The perfunctory manner in which the appellant conducted its audit
was remarkable, to say the least, given that the present facts disclosed
several disturbing features which were strongly indicative of irregularities
in the respondent’s accounts.

90 Had the appellant exercised due care and skill in the performance of the
audit, it would have initially requested that the respondent furnish
subsequent clearance dates and, perhaps, performed the necessary follow-up
action of a cash count and roll-back had such information not been
forthcoming. We would disagree with the trial judge that the appellant’s
omission (and breach) occurred one day after Phong received the December 2003
BRS (_ie_ , on 10 March 2004). We would hold that a reasonable time ought to
be afforded to the appellant in the performance of its audit duties. It would
be unrealistic to expect Phong to pursue the matter within a day of receiving
the December 2003 BRS, having regard to his typical workload as a statutory
auditor. We took the view that seven days would constitute a reasonable time
for Seah and Ang to respond on the appellant’s inquiries (see [58]).
Therefore, the appellant would have been obliged to act within a week of
receiving the December 2003 BRS, and we would accordingly find that the breach
occurred on 17 March 2004 when the appellant failed to make further inquiries
as to the apparent irregularities in the accounts.

**Whether the appellant’s breach had caused the loss**

91 The respondent’s case is a simple one. In relation to the losses sustained
in 2004, it contends that if the appellant had performed its audit duties
competently, the fraud would have come to light and the respondent would have
taken action against Ang for the recovery of the misappropriated monies. The
appellant’s negligence had deprived the respondent of the chance of such
recovery, and the respondent now claims that it is entitled to be compensated
for the value of that lost chance.

92 In contrast, the appellant makes a two-pronged attack in its attempt to
show that causation had not been made out. First, the appellant’s negligence
was not the effective cause of the loss because the chain of causation had
been broken by the respondent’s contributory negligence, which constituted an
intervening act. Second, and in any case, the respondent could not claim for
the value of its lost chance to recover its losses from Ang. Given that Ang
had dissipated most of the misappropriated monies, the chances of the
respondent recovering anything were speculative, to say the least. The
respondent’s claim for loss of a chance was therefore untenable.

93 In holding the appellant liable for the 2004 losses, the trial judge
appeared to have taken the view that causation had been made out.

94 The trial judge had analysed the issue of causation in terms of the “scope
of duty” doctrine. This was evident from her approval (see GD at [12]–[13]) of
the statements made by Lord Bridge of Harwich and Lord Oliver of Aylmerton in
_Caparo Industries plc v Dickman_ [1990] 2 AC 605 and Lord Hoffmann’s judgment
in _South Australia Asset Management Corporation v York Montague Ltd_ (“ _the
SAAMCO case_ ”) [1997] AC 191 at 211 that:

Before one can consider the principle on which one should calculate the
damages to which a plaintiff is entitled as compensation for loss, it is
necessary to decide for what kind of loss he is entitled to compensation. A
correct description of the loss for which the valuer [similarly an auditor] is
liable must precede any consideration of the measure of damages. For this
purpose it is better to begin at the beginning and consider the lender’s cause
of action.

…

A duty of care such as the valuer [and similarly an auditor] owes does not
however exist in the abstract. A plaintiff who sues for breach of a duty
imposed by the law (whether in contract or tort or under statute) must do more
than prove that the defendant has failed to comply. _He must show that the
duty was owed to him and that it was a duty in respect of the kind of loss
which he has suffered_.

[emphasis added].

95 While it was quite appropriate for the trial judge to analyse the issue of
causation in terms of the scope of the duty of care, we take the view that
this approach in isolation overlooked an anterior question – whether the “but
for” test of causation had been made out. Indeed, the editors of _Jackson and
Powell_ ([30] _supra_) observe at para 17-064 that:

The perennial problem is to establish whether one or more putative causes
provide the required link in law between the duty breached and the loss
claimed. _The “but for” test is necessary but not sufficient. It is an
exclusionary test serving only to filter out non-causal occasions for the
loss._ …

In seeking the elusive ingredient which is _additional_ to the “but for” test,
the Courts have speaking travelled broadly speaking [_sic_] along two routes.
The first is to leave it to judicial “common sense” or to speak of “effective
cause” without attempting to analyse what makes a cause effective. …

…

Other judges, notably Lord Hoffmann, have analysed in terms of “scope of duty”
the extra ingredient which goes to make up causation.

[emphasis added]

96 In _Sunny Metal & Engineering Pte Ltd v Ng Khim Ming Eric_ [2007] SGCA 36,
we endorsed the application of the “two-step test” to determine the issue of
causation. At [51]–[53], we held:

51 … In our view, it would conduce towards clarity to state at the outset that
there are, broadly, two rather distinct inquiries, _viz_ , causation and
remoteness of damage.

(1) Causation

52 **_The first broad inquiry involves causation, which, as alluded to
earlier, is in turn made up of causation in fact and causation in law.
Causation in fact is concerned with the question of whether the relation
between the defendant’s breach of duty and the claimant’s damage is one of
cause and effect in accordance with scientific or objective notions of
physical sequence. It is concerned with establishing_** _the physical
connection**between the defendant’s wrong and the claimant’s damage. The
universally accepted test in this regard is the “but for” test, which we will
elaborate on later**._

**_53 However, satisfying the “but for” test is by no means a sufficient
condition because the all important “causation in law” test must be satisfied
as well_.** The reason for this is that to adopt the “but for” test without
limit would lead to absurd results. … The rationale is to prevent
indeterminate liability resulting from causation in fact alone.

[emphasis added in bold italics]

97 Before us, Mr Ang strenuously contended that an application of the ‘but
for’ test would have shown that the chain of causation had been broken by the
respondent’s negligence, such that the appellant ought not to be held liable
at all for the respondent’s losses. Mr Ang underscored the trial judge’s
finding that Crowhurst (and hence, vicariously, the respondent) had been
negligent and/or in breach of his duties as director in failing to supervise
Ang. She had therefore found the respondent wholly guilty of negligence as far
as FY 2003 was concerned, such that it would be precluded from recovery in
relation to the 2003 losses. The respondent would have detected the fraud in
2003 had it exercised reasonable supervision over Ang and put in place a
system of safeguards where its accounts were concerned. As such, Mr Ang
submitted that the appellant should not be held liable for the respondent’s
losses simply because the appellant’s negligence had not been shown to be the
operative cause of the respondent’s losses.

98 Mr Fong, on the other hand, contended that causation had been made out on
two bases. First, Mr Fong argued that the issue of contributory negligence
pertained exclusively to the measure of damages, and was irrelevant to an
inquiry as to causation and whether the causal chain had been broken. Second,
Mr Fong asserted that the respondent nevertheless possessed the right to sue
the appellant for its breaches in 2004 as the appellant’s duty as an auditor
persisted throughout the period of the audit.

99 We agree with Mr Fong’s submission that the “but for” test of causation had
been established, albeit for somewhat different reasons. In the first place,
we are not prepared to confine the role of contributory negligence solely to
the quantum of damages. In our view, contributory negligence has a wider role
and embrace which may extend to negate causation. It is established law that
contributory negligence on the part of a plaintiff can operate to break the
causal chain. We can do no better than to adopt the views expressed in _Clerk
and Lindsell on Torts_ ([48] _supra_) at para 2-96 that:

When the conduct of the claimant exacerbates, or adds to the injuries, of
which he complains, that conduct will generally result in a reduction of his
damages on grounds of contributory negligence, or failure in his duty to
mitigate damage. However it may be that the conduct of the claimant is so
wholly unreasonable and/or of such overwhelming impact that that conduct
eclipses the defendant’s wrongdoing and constitutes a _novus actus_. His own
conduct is found to be the effective cause of his injury.

100 However, the facts of this case do not fall within the four corners of the
situation envisaged by the editors of _Clerk and Lindsell on Torts_ ([48]
_supra_). In taking this view, we are mindful of the editors’ caution (at para
2-97) that the courts should not be eager to find that a claimant had acted so
unreasonably as to break the chain of causation, and that only “reckless” or
“deliberate” conduct would warrant a positive finding in this respect. In our
considered view, the respondent’s conduct, while negligent, did not amount to
such a high degree of culpability so as to warrant a finding that it had acted
recklessly or deliberately and thereby broken the chain of causation. We also
take into consideration the context in which the editors’ comments were made
and the fact that such comments resonate more readily with personal injury and
physical damage claims, rather than the present claim which relates to
economic loss.

101 The respondent has also missed the point entirely in choosing to place
emphasis on the continuing duty of the appellant as an auditor. With respect,
the respondent has wrongly conflated the existence of a duty of care with the
issue of causation when these are two distinct issues in analysing whether
causation has been established.

102 A further clarification is in order. Both parties centred much of their
submissions on the respondent’s right to recover for the loss of a chance.
This is misconceived. In our judgment, the loss of chance doctrine is
irrelevant on the facts. This becomes evident when one considers the nature of
the 2004 losses. The respondent was not claiming for _past_ losses, or that
the appellant’s negligence had caused it to lose the chance of recovering the
misappropriated sums from Ang before the sums were dissipated. Instead, the
respondent was claiming for _subsequent_ losses on the basis that further
misappropriations could have been averted had the appellant discharged its
duties. Put another way, the respondent’s claim was that it would have acted
to staunch its losses had the appellant detected Ang’s defalcations.

103 A perusal of the facts will readily show that the “but for” test had been
established in the respondent’s favour. We attached particular significance to
the fact that the respondent exhibited considerable resolve in promptly
investigating, discovering and preventing further misappropriations upon
discovering Ang’s misdeeds in May 2004. We would highlight several aspects of
the respondent’s conduct in this respect:

(a) At midnight on 24 May 2004, a mere four hours after first being informed
by Seah of her suspicion that Ang was misappropriating the respondent’s funds,
the respondent’s directors lodged a police report about the same.

(b) On 25 May 2004, the respondent’s directors met with Ang and confronted her
about her misappropriation. Ang’s employment with the respondent was
terminated on the same day, thereby depriving her of the opportunity or
ability to carry out further misappropriations.

(c) By 26 May 2004, a detailed police report had been compiled by the
respondent and this was submitted to the police to aid in their
investigations.

(d) By 28 May 2004, the respondent had instructed its insurance broker,
International Testing Co Pte Ltd, to notify its insurers, Liberty Insurance
Pte Ltd, of the respondent’s claim on its Fidelity Guarantee policies, and,
consequently, the respondent managed to recover the sum of $100,000 from its
insurance cover under the policies.

(e) As a result of the respondent’s assistance in the police investigations,
on 5 June 2004, Ang was arrested and the sum of $8,929 was recovered from her.

(f) The respondent engaged forensic consultants, Raffles Corporate Consultants
Pte Ltd, in June 2004 to prepare a preliminary report on, _inter alia_ , how
the misappropriation occurred and a preliminary estimate of the loss arising
from Ang’s misappropriation.

(g) Once Ang had been found guilty of criminal breach of trust, the respondent
instructed solicitors to commence legal proceedings against her in the High
Court in an attempt to recover the full amount misappropriated by her. The
writ in that suit was issued in November 2004, slightly more than a month
after Ang pleaded guilty.

104 These cumulative events strongly indicate that it was more likely than not
that if the appellant had exercised due care in its audit and detected the
fraud, the respondent would promptly have taken the necessary steps to
investigate Ang’s misappropriations. In the circumstances, we accept that the
element of causation ought to be resolved in the respondent’s favour.

**The appropriate quantum of damages**

105 In the course of oral arguments, Mr Ang sought to undermine the reasoning
of the trial judge in quantifying the amount of damages payable. Before
delving into the specific merits of his arguments, it would be apposite to set
out her holding in relation to the matter. Briefly, the trial judge had
quantified the respondent’s 2004 losses as comprising $884,195.02 for the
period between 16 February 2004 and 23 May 2004, which was the same period as
that for which criminal charges had been preferred against Ang (see [19]
above). However, the appellant was only held liable for $775,266.02, being the
2004 losses after making a deduction of $100,000 recovered from the
respondent’s insurers and a further deduction for $8,929 representing the
amount recovered from Ang.

106 It is pertinent that the sum of $884,195.02 represented a departure from
the sum claimed by the respondent for the 2004 losses in the proceedings
below. While the total amount of losses in the civil and criminal proceedings
was exactly the same, differences existed in the breakdown of the losses as
between the years. This disparity may be neatly summarised in the form of a
table:

|  Plaintiff’s claim |  Criminal proceedings  
---|---|---  
2001 |  $148,112.45 |  0  
2002 |  $12,734.33 |  0  
2003 |  $511,407.16 |  $121,920.17  
2004 |  $333,861.25 |  $884,195.02  
TOTAL |  $1,006,115.19 |  $1,006,115.19  
  
107 Mr Ang submitted that the trial judge had erred in assessing the quantum
of damages by relying on Ang’s confession that was adduced in the criminal
proceedings. He alleged that the she was not entitled to adopt the manner in
which the losses had been quantified for the purposes of the criminal
proceedings, as such figures did not accord with the respondent’s claim in the
civil proceedings. We do not agree. The mere existence of a disparity in
amounts between the civil and criminal proceedings and the adoption of the
amounts used in criminal proceedings for a civil suit should not _ipso facto_
result in a finding that she had erred in her assessment of damages. Rather,
the nub of the issue is whether the judge was entitled, in fact and in law, to
have regard to the evidence garnered during the criminal proceedings.

108 The trial judge had taken the view that s 45A of the Evidence Act (Cap 97,
1997 Rev Ed) provided the basis upon which the amount of $884,195.02 was
admissible in the proceedings before her (see GD at [83]). We would, however,
respectfully depart from her views in relation to this matter.

109 In our considered view, there is considerable fogginess as to the accuracy
and reliability of the figures adopted in the criminal proceedings. In
_Mohamed Hiraz Hassim v PP_ [2005] 1 SLR 622 (“ _Mohamad Hiraz Hassim_ ”), the
court cautioned against the blanket acceptance of an admission by an accused
where the value of certain goods was in question. The court noted (at [23])
that an accused’s assessment of value could be inaccurate for a multitude of
reasons, such as where the accused had deliberately under-declared the value
of the goods to escape more severe penalties or had simply misstated the value
due to a mistaken assumption.

110 Admittedly, the facts of _Mohamed Hiraz Hassim_ ([109] s _upra_) may be
readily distinguished from the facts before us. The goods in that case were
gemstones, and the court had penalised the accused solely on the basis of the
accused person’s evidence as to the value of the gemstones. This is unlike the
present case, where an objective and independent verification of the amounts
misappropriated had been undertaken. This verification had been made possible
by Ang’s paper trail, _viz_ , the undeposited bank deposit slips found in the
respondent’s safe when the fraud was discovered. As such, it can plausibly be
contended that the amounts referred to in the criminal proceedings have a
reasonable degree of pertinence and can, therefore, be relied upon for the
quantification of damages in the civil proceedings.

111 However, an overall assessment of the circumstances points in a different
direction. In _Ong Bee Nah v Won Siew Wan_ [2005] 2 SLR 455, Andrew Phang Boon
Leong JC (as he then was) correctly observed at [62] that a “holistic
approach” should be taken in assessing the precise weight which should be
attached to evidence from criminal proceedings:

In my view, neither approach is, with respect, wholly correct. Each captures a
facet of the **_holistic approach_** that ought to be adopted. In the
_practical_ sphere of application, in addition to shifting the burden of
proof, the conviction concerned will almost certainly figure in the court’s
mind in at least a minimally substantive way. This is consistent with Lord
Denning MR’s view [In _Stupple v Royal Insurance Co_ [1971] 1 QB 50]. However,
to the extent that such **_evidence will not be conclusive in and of itself_**
, Buckley LJ was also correct in pointing out that the court can – **_and must
– take into account evidence to the contrary that might prevail at the end of
the day_**. I am thus of the view, as already alluded to above, that _both_
Lord Denning MR’s and Buckley LJ’s approaches reflect the realism and common
sense that are necessary in aiding the court in arriving at a result that
must, in the final analysis, be closely linked to the specific facts and
circumstances in question. [emphasis added in bold italics]

112 A holistic evaluation of the circumstances required the judge to verify
the amounts referred to in the criminal proceedings. As such, it was not
appropriate for her to quantify the amount of damages payable by purely
relying on the figures proffered in the criminal proceedings. Consideration
must also now be given to our finding that the breach had occurred on 17 March
2004 (see [90] above). This necessitates a departure from the figures
proffered in the criminal proceedings, which quantified the respondent’s
losses from 16 February 2004. Finally, there is yet another compelling reason
why the judge erred in relying on the amounts adverted to in the criminal
proceedings: Any admission by Ang could not bind the appellant, which was
neither a party to nor involved in those proceedings.

113 We are, therefore, inclined to vary the assessment of damages made by the
trial judge below. The decision in _Flint v Lovell_ [1935] 1 KB 354 is oft-
cited as the starting point in an inquiry as to whether an appellate court is
justified in interfering with a trial judge’s assessment of damages. Greer LJ
held, at 360, that:

… [T]his Court will be disinclined to reverse the finding of a trial judge as
to the amount of damages merely because they think that if they had tried the
case in the first instance they would have given a lesser sum. In order to
justify reversing the trial judge on the question of the amount of damages it
will generally be necessary that this Court should be convinced either that
the judge acted upon some wrong principle of law, or that the amount awarded
was so extremely high or so very small as to make it, in the judgment of this
Court, an entirely erroneous estimate of the damage to which the plaintiff is
entitled.

114 There are thus two distinct grounds of interference: that the trial judge
has acted on a wrong principle of law, and/or that he has made an entirely
erroneous estimate of the damages. We would set aside the trial judge’s
assessment of damages on the first ground, as we have found that the breach
only occurred a week after Phong received the December 2003 BRS (_ie_ , on 17
March 2004). For the sake of completeness, we would highlight that the trial
judge had been somewhat handicapped in the assessment of damages as she did
not have the benefit of knowing the amounts misappropriated from the date of
breach on 17 March 2004 to 23 May 2004, when the fraud was finally detected.

115 A comprehensive breakdown of the amounts misappropriated in 2004 was only
tendered in the course of these appellate proceedings. After reserving
judgment in this appeal, we invited counsel for both parties to reach an
agreement on the amounts misappropriated over three time periods: (a) 10 March
2004 to 23 May 2004; (b) 17 March 2004 to 23 May 2004; and (c) 1 April 2004 to
23 May 2004. By a letter dated 4 June 2007, we were informed that the parties
had been able to arrive at an agreement in relation to the figures as
reflected in the following table:

|  Time period |  Amount misappropriated  
---|---|---  
1 |  10 March 2004 to 23 May 2004 |  $697,103.19  
2 |  17 March 2004 to 23 May 2004 |  $634,216.05  
3 |  1 April 2004 to 23 May 2004 |  $487,739.97  
  
116 Given that the breach occurred on 17 March 2004, we would set aside the
trial judge’s assessment of damages and hold that the respondent had suffered
a loss of $634,216.05 in 2004 as a result of the appellant’s breach (see
[115]).

**Contributory negligence**

**_General observations_**

117 A brief overview would be appropriate before we move on to consider
whether the appellant is entitled to rely on a plea of contributory
negligence. In our view, there exists considerable scope for the application
of the defence. PS Marshall and AJ Beltrami in their article, “Contributory
negligence: a viable defence for auditors?” (1990) LMCLQ 416 at 421,
accurately point out:

It is undoubtedly correct that the defence of contributory negligence must
receive a narrow application. The widespread availability of such a defence
would devalue the auditor’s responsibilities and duties and would penali[s]e
many companies whose only fault was to rely on their auditor to produce an
accurate report. However, this need not lead to a conclusion that the defence
can never be raised. _Having regard to the nature of the auditor’s duty, the
fact that an auditor is employed to report whether the accounts show a true
and fair view of the company’s financial position does not in itself mean that
the company should be absolved from the responsibility to look after its own
interests. Just because there is a watchdog on the premises, it does not
follow that the occupants can safely forget to bolt the doors and omit to
switch on the burglar alarm._ [emphasis added]

118 We concur with the learned writers that the issue of contributory
negligence can potentially arise under two headings: first, where the company
has, by its acts, positively prevented or hindered the auditor from carrying
out his duty with due skill and care; and, second, when there has been such
negligence that the company may be found to have failed to look after its own
interests even though it has appointed an auditor.

119 Additionally, we also gratefully adopt the guidelines propounded by the
High Court of Australia in assessing whether a deduction should be made for
contributory negligence. The High Court in _Astley v Austrust Ltd_ (1999) 197
CLR 1 (“ _Astley_ ”) held at [30]:

The duties and responsibilities of the defendant are a variable factor in
determining whether contributory negligence exists and, if so, to what degree.
In some cases, the nature of the duty may exculpate the plaintiff from a claim
of contributory negligence; in other cases the nature of that duty may reduce
the plaintiff’s share of responsibility for the damage suffered; and in yet
other cases the nature of the duty may not prevent a finding that the
plaintiff failed to take reasonable care for the safety of his or her person
or property. _Contributory negligence focuses on the conduct of the plaintiff.
The duty owed by the defendant, although relevant, is only one of the many
factors that must be weighed in determining whether the plaintiff has so
conducted itself that it failed to take reasonable care for the safety of its
person or property_. [emphasis added]

120 Two observations arise from the decision in _Astley_ ([119] _supra_).
First, the principal thrust of the inquiry should be directed towards the
conduct of the respondent. Second, the principle of contributory negligence
would only apply as a basis for reducing the quantum of damages if it can be
shown that the respondent’s failure to supervise Ang and guard against fraud
cannot be excused by its reliance on the audit.

121 With these principles in mind, we now turn to consider whether the
principle of contributory negligence ought to apply on the facts presently
before us.

**_The principles as applied to the present case_**

122 As is evident from the preceding discussion, the question which arose in
the present case was whether the respondent’s conduct could be brought under
the rubric of either of the two headings (see [118] above) such as to warrant
a finding of contributory negligence. We determine that this question should
be answered in the affirmative.

123 We would preface our findings by first stating that the respondent had not
prevented the appellant from performing its audit duties. As it stands, this
aspect of contributory negligence has hitherto been confined to situations
where the company in question had made a positive representation to the
auditors that the embezzler could be trusted (see, _eg_ , _Craig v Anyon_ 208
NYS 259). The facts of our case are in stark contrast, as the respondent could
only be said to have made implicit (or tacit) representations as to Ang’s
integrity. In fact, we note that it was the appellant itself who viewed Ang
favourably on the basis that it had worked with Ang on the audits in previous
years.

124 Admittedly, a persuasive case of contributory negligence can also be made
out if evidence is adduced to show that the respondent had refused, either
wilfully or negligently, to produce the monthly BRS for January and February
2004 despite the appellant’s request. However, given that this point was not
pursued before us, we hesitate to hold that contributory negligence had been
made out under the first heading.

125 We nevertheless hold that the respondent had been contributorily negligent
by reason of its own patent failure to safeguard its own interests. To our
minds, Crowhurst, Lew and Shaw had been guilty of serious maladministration of
the company’s affairs, with the result that the respondent failed to detect
Ang’s defalcations until May 2004.

126 In the proceedings below, the trial judge had declined to find the
respondent contributorily negligent in 2004 because of major management
changes in the respondent during that period, as well as the fact that
Crowhurst no longer received the BRSs on a monthly basis after stepping down
from his role as the respondent’s managing director. Additionally, she found
as a fact that Lew and Shaw were merely non-executive directors who had not
been provided with the monthly BRSs, and that there was thus no evidence to
suggest that they had ever become aware of the deficiencies in the internal
controls and books of account. Likewise, the trial judge took the view that
Crowhurst had become a non-executive director after stepping down from the
post of managing director in January 2004, and had thus relinquished his
supervisory responsibilities (GD at [39]).

127 Before us, both counsel focused the bulk of their submissions on the
judge’s findings on the effect of the management changes which the respondent
underwent in 2004. Mr Fong sought to defend the judge’s holding that no
contributory negligence existed, and contended that greater leeway ought to be
given to the respondent by virtue of its being a small set-up. Mr Fong urged
us to find that there was no reason for Crowhurst, Lew and Shaw, who were non-
executive directors, to be provided with the monthly BRS and to review and
understand its contents.

128 On the other hand, Mr Ang strenuously contended that the trial judge had
erred in exonerating the respondent of contributory negligence. He asserted
that Crowhurst, Lew and Shaw were obliged to keep abreast of the respondent’s
affairs, despite the management changes in 2004. We concur with Mr Ang’s
submissions. In the first place, the evidence disclosed that Crowhurst
continued to act in his capacity as managing director until July 2004 and took
on the role of a non-executive director only on 1 July 2004. In the light of
this, the mere fact that Crowhurst had vacated the office much earlier and had
worked from home during the interim period from January to July 2004 did not
absolve him from his duty as managing director to supervise Ang.

129 We were unpersuaded by Mr Fong’s arguments that a concession ought to be
granted to the respondent solely by virtue of its modest operations. On the
contrary, we think that this factor would incline towards a positive finding
of contributory negligence. The observations of PS Marshall and AJ Beltrami in
“Contributory negligence: a viable defence for auditors?” ([117] _supra_) at
424 are apposite and merit reproduction:

One area where the courts may be more likely to find contributory negligence
is where the company is a small, closely held company. The company’s system of
control is often dependent on the close involvement of the directors, who are
better acquainted with the employees and officers. If there is fraud by an
employee of the company, a director may be more likely to have his suspicions
aroused than would his counterpart in a large, anonymous, public company.

130 Furthermore, we agree with Mr Ang that it is quite irrelevant whether
Crowhurst, Lew and Shaw had in fact received the monthly BRSs. The nub of the
issue is whether they remained under a duty to take positive steps to ensure
that the accounts were in order (at least on their face), despite their
designation as non-executive directors. This question ought to be answered in
the affirmative. As pointed out by the court in _Vita Health Laboratories Pte
Ltd v Pang Seng Meng_ [2004] 4 SLR 162 (“ _Vita Health_ ”) at [14], “[e]very
director of a company, regardless of whether he has an executive or non-
executive designation, has fiduciary duties and legal responsibilities to his
company”. Thus, the mere fact that Crowhurst, Lew and Shaw were non-executive
directors at the material time and took a backseat in the management of the
company did not exempt them from the need to exercise a modest level of
scrutiny as to the goings-ons in the respondent. The observations of the court
in _Vita Health_ at [20]–[21] are pertinent:

20 The issue of delegation has vexed courts in several jurisdictions. It would
be wholly impractical to expect directors to be omniscient or to personally
discharge all corporate powers and functions. The larger the business, the
greater the commercial need for delegation. The more specialised functions
are, the greater the need for independent operations and powers. Legal
pragmatism imbued with latitude towards business efficacy is crucial in
assessing a director’s delegation of duties. Admittedly, he must reasonably
believe that his subordinates will competently discharge their duties in the
company’s interests. Other than that it is fair to say that there is no acid
test that will provide a definitive answer. It can however be safely assumed
that the court will be reluctant to take to task a director who has _bona
fide_ delegated his functions and/or powers to competent subordinates.

21 It has been said that delegation may be improper only if the situation is
“of such character, so plain, so manifest and so simple of appreciation” that
no one would rely on the subordinates (_cf_ Romer J in _In re City Equitable
Fire Insurance Company, Limited_ [1925] Ch 407 at 428, quoting from _Overend &
Gurney Company v Gibb_ (1872) LR 5 HL 480 at 486–487). This historical view,
set in the context of a wholly different era of commerce, is no longer
apposite. **_A director cannot now be viewed as a mere_** _sentinel**who may
occasionally doze off at his post. Directors are** officers **who must remain
alert and watchful at the helm. Directors ought to have an inquiring, though
not necessarily suspicious, mind in discharging their supervisory
functions**_. The English Court of Appeal in _Re Barings plc (No_  _5)_ [2001]
1 BCLC 523 at [36], approved (_per_ Moritt LJ) the instructive summary of
principles by Parker J at first instance (see _Re Barings plc_ [1999] 1 BCLC
433 at 489):

(i) Directors have, both collectively and individually, a continuing duty to
acquire and maintain a sufficient knowledge and understanding of the company’s
business to enable them properly to discharge their duties as directors.

(ii) Whilst directors are entitled (subject to the articles of association of
the company) to delegate particular functions to those below them in the
management chain, and to trust their competence and integrity to a reasonable
extent, the exercise of the power of delegation does not absolve a director
from the duty to supervise the discharge of the delegated functions.

(iii) No rule of universal application can be formulated as to the duty
referred to in (ii) above. The extent of the duty, and the question whether it
has been discharged, must depend on the facts of each particular case,
including the director’s role in the management of the company.

[emphasis added in bold italics]

131 In fact, we note that our views in this respect are fortified by certain
recent amendments to the SSAs, which are also premised on the existence of
meaningful collective obligations on the part of directors in the discharge of
their functions. In its amended form, SSA 700 uncompromisingly sets out (at
para 60) the duties of directors where audit reports are concerned:

_Directors’ Responsibility for the Financial Statements_

The Company’s directors are responsible for the preparation and fair
presentation of these financial statements in accordance with the provisions
of the Singapore Companies Act, Cap 50 … and [the] Singapore Financial
Reporting Standards. **_This responsibility includes: designing, implementing
and maintaining internal control relevant to the preparation and fair
presentation of financial statements that are free from material misstatement,
whether due to fraud or error; selecting and applying appropriate accounting
policies; and making accounting estimates that are reasonable in the
circumstances_** _._ [emphasis added in bold italics]

132 This is a marked departure from the previous standard, which simply
declares without more that directors are “responsible for the preparation of
the financial statements”. Although the revised SSA 700 is confined to
auditors’ reports dated on or after 31 December 2006 (and thus does not apply
on our facts), it is a timely and accurate reminder of the wide obligations
owed by directors. When a person aspires to direct a company, he must give
serious consideration to the wide obligations imposed on his office by the
law. Directors cannot shy away from the fundamentals of putting in place
prudent arrangements to oversee the preparation of financial statements. This
is, however, far from saying that they invariably bear personal responsibility
for the accuracy and integrity of all of a company’s financial statements.

133 It is not open to Crowhurst, Lew and Shaw to now distance themselves from
allegations of contributory negligence solely because they had not received
the monthly bank statements. It was incumbent upon them, as non-executive
directors, to at least perform a minimal degree of oversight in relation to
the accounts and seek to be regularly apprised of the respondent’s financial
affairs. While they were not obliged to delve into minute irregularities in
the accounts, they were obliged to broadly discern if any irregularities
existed on the face of the accounts. Had they done so, the burgeoning amount
of “uncredited lodgments” would have been there for them to see without
difficulty. In our view, they cannot claim that they were entitled to wholly
rely on Ang to ensure that the accounts were in order. The fact that they may
have lacked accounting expertise did not completely exonerate them from their
duties to reasonably ensure that the respondent’s accounts were in order. We
also bear in mind that the respondent was a relatively small operation, and
that even a cursory monitoring of the bank statements would have immediately
revealed that something was seriously amiss in relation to the banking in of
collections from customers.

134 To our minds, these cumulative lapses on the part of Crowhurst, Lew and
Shaw constitute serious management failure and ought to be treated as fault
for the purposes of a defence of contributory negligence. The incisive views
of Evans-Lombe J in _Barings plc v Coopers & Lybrand_ [2003] Lloyd’s Rep IR
566 at [908] are highly pertinent and persuasive on this issue:

It is the responsibility of a company’s board of directors to manage all
aspects of the company’s business. The board will delegate many aspects of
that task to individuals or committees, either within or (more rarely) outside
the company. _But if the delegates fail in their tasks, such that the company
fails to take proper care of its own interests, their failure is to be
attributed to the company and its board of directors. Where the company is a
claimant, and its management failures are relevant to an issue of negligence
or breach of contract, those failures are to be treated as fault for the
purposes of a defence of contributory negligence_. [emphasis added]

135 We also depart from the trial judge’s views that the changeover in
management exonerated the respondent from a finding of contributory
negligence. As Mr Ang rightly points out, notwithstanding the change in
management, the respondent remained liable to ensure that the handover process
was performed as seamlessly as possible, without compromising the management’s
oversight of the company’s affairs.

136 Our finding of contributory negligence is fortified by two additional
factors. First, we determine that Seah had been careless in failing to detect
that something was amiss. This was despite the fact that Seah had prepared the
monthly BRSs, which disclosed the ever-increasing amount of unlodged cash
deposits. By her own admission, Seah regarded the large amounts of unlodged
cash deposits as anomalous and harboured “strong suspicions” that Ang was
guilty of some wrongdoing. However, she did not see fit to inform the
appellant and/or the respondent’s management of her suspicions in this respect
until much later in May 2004. Secondly, the fact that the respondent was a
small corporate entity facilitated the implementation of a simple system of
internal checks to ensure that cash sales were banked in. The respondent was
far from being a huge conglomerate, where it might be somewhat difficult to
keep track of cash sales and the amounts of cash received and banked in.
Unfortunately, the respondent failed to comply with even its basic duties in
this respect and neglected to conduct simple checks to ensure that all cash
sales were banked in promptly.

137 Having established that the respondent was contributorily negligent, it
becomes necessary to consider the extent to which an award of damages ought to
be reduced. In _AWA Ltd v Daniels_ (1992) 7 ACSR 463, the court made a
deduction of 20% for contributory negligence where the plaintiff’s chairman
and chief executive had become aware of various matters which should have
indicated the existence of irregularities, but had failed to take appropriate
action in response to such irregularities. The court also ordered the chairman
to make a contribution to the auditors of 10% of the 80% for which the
auditors were liable. In _Dairy Containers_ ([29] _supra_), the court reduced
the quantum of damages by 40% where the plaintiff’s directors had failed to
provide clear direction or supervision in respect of a major part of the
company’s business.

138 In our judgment, such figures are merely guidelines and do not lay down
any rigid rules in determining the extent to which damages ought to be
reduced. In a case such as this, which is extremely fact-specific, any
assessment of the appropriate reduction in damages on the ground of
contributory negligence must necessarily be done with a broad brush. Such an
approach would also be consistent with statutory law, as is evident from the
terms of s 3(1) of the Contributory Negligence and Personal Injuries Act (Cap
54, 2002 Rev Ed):

Where any person suffers damage as the result partly of his own fault and
partly of the fault of any other person or persons, a claim in respect of that
damage shall not be defeated by reason of the fault of the person suffering
the damage, but the damages recoverable in respect thereof shall be reduced to
such extent as the court thinks _just and equitable_ having regard to the
claimant’s share in the responsibility for the damage. [emphasis added]

139 In the circumstances, we assess that a reduction of the damages
recoverable would be appropriate. This is because the omissions by Crowhurst,
Lew and Shaw directly contributed to the loss in 2004, in so far as a perusal
of the monthly bank statements would undoubtedly have led to discovery of the
irregularities and the detection of Ang’s fraud. We also took into account
Seah’s failure to raise a timely alarm despite her growing doubts as to Ang’s
integrity. Calibrating the respondent’s fault against the appellant’s
negligence, the quantum of damages recoverable by the respondent should be
reduced by 50%.

**Conclusion**

140 Having considered the case in its entirety, we allow the appeal in part
and reverse the judge’s finding that the breach had occurred on 10 March 2004.
In our judgment, the breach only occurred a week after Phong had received the
December 2003 BRS (_ie_ , on 17 March 2004). As such, the appellant would only
be held liable for the losses sustained over the period from 17 March 2004 to
23 May 2004, _ie_ , for the sum of $634,216.05.

141 However, we reduced by 50% the amount of damages ultimately recoverable by
the respondent in the light of our finding that the respondent had been
contributorily negligent in 2004.

142 In the circumstances, we would allow the appeal in part. The appellant is
to be awarded the costs of the appeal. The order of costs in favour of the
respondent for the proceedings below is to stand. The appellant is to pay the
respondent the sum of $317,108.03 by way of damages, with interest of 3% per
annum with effect from 22 July 2005, the date on which the writ was filed.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 30 Aug 2007 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

