Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## RDC Concrete Pte Ltd v Sato Kogyo (S) Pte Ltd and Another Appeal  
[2007] SGCA 39

Case Number | : | CA 151/2006, 152/2006  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 29 August 2007  
Tribunal/Court | : | Court of Appeal  
Coram | : |  Chan Sek Keong CJ; Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA; V K Rajah JA   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Por Hock Sing Michael and Siva Sambo Krishnasamy (Tan Lee & Partners) for the appellant in Civil Appeal No 151 of 2006 and respondent in Civil Appeal No 152 of 2006; Tan Yew Cheng (Leong Partnership) for the appellant in Civil Appeal No 152 of 2006 and respondent in Civil Appeal No 151 of 2006   
Parties | : |  RDC Concrete Pte Ltd — Sato Kogyo (S) Pte Ltd   
  
Contract – Discharge – Breach – Party to contract failing to perform
obligations – Situations where innocent party entitled to terminate contract –
Whether breach of warranty by one party entitling innocent party to terminate
contract  
  
Contract – Frustration – Party in breach of contract invoking force majeure
clauses in contract – Construction and effect of force majeure clauses –
Distinction between doctrine of frustration and force majeure – Whether force
majeure clauses applicable – Whether doctrine of frustration excluded by force
majeure clauses  
  
Contract – Remedies – Damages – Costs incurred from breach of contract by one
party sought as damages by innocent party – Whether such costs flowing
directly and naturally from breach  
  

29 August 2007 |  Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
**Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA (delivering the judgment of the court):**

1 The Mass Rapid Transit (“MRT”) Circle Line is a massive project that
involves the linking of the present North-South Line, East-West Line and
North-East Line. It will cost approximately $6.7bn to build and will consist
of 29 stations spanning some 33.3km. In June 2003, Sato Kogyo (S) Pte Ltd
(“the Plaintiff”) was appointed by the Land Transport Authority (“LTA”) as the
main contractor for one of the 29 stations, namely, the Lorong Chuan Station
(“the Project”). The present litigation arises in relation to the construction
of that station.

2 The Plaintiff invited several suppliers to submit quotations for the supply
and delivery of ready-mixed concrete for the Project. The Plaintiff eventually
contracted with RDC Concrete Pte Ltd (“the Defendant”), an established local
supplier of ready-mixed concrete, for the supply of concrete at stipulated
rates for the Project. It was not disputed that the Defendant’s revised
quotation dated 1 September 2003 and the Plaintiff’s letter of intent dated 16
September 2003 formed the contract between the parties. These two documents
will hereafter be collectively referred to as “the Contract”.

3 Under the Contract, the Defendant was to supply approximately 70,000m3 of
concrete to the Plaintiff at the stipulated prices between 1 September 2003
and 30 June 2006. This was in accordance with cl 2 of the Defendant’s revised
quotation, which provides:

**2\. CONTRACT PERIOD AND CONCRETE QUANTITY**

The above quoted prices shall be held firm **from 1 st September 2003 to 30th
June 2006** and the concrete quantity to be supplied to the project is
estimated to be approximately **70,000m 3.** This contract shall cease to be
valid upon the expiry of the contract period or the supplied concrete
quantity, whichever is earlier.

[emphasis in original]

4 In May and June 2004, several tests were conducted on the specific strength
of the concrete supplied by the Defendant and it was found that there was an
unacceptable amount of cube failure. As a result, on 3 July 2004, the LTA
instructed the Plaintiff to suspend the Defendant’s concrete supply for
_structural_ elements. The LTA stipulated that the only approved concrete
supplier during the suspension period was Pan United Concrete Pte Ltd (“Pan
United”). The Defendant continued to supply concrete for _non-structural_
elements during the suspension period.

5 On 17 November 2004, the LTA approved the Plaintiff’s request to allow the
Defendant to resume concrete supply. Supply was, however, restricted to
concrete produced at the Defendant’s Kaki Bukit plant. In addition to the Kaki
Bukit plant, the Defendant also had plants at Kallang and Gay World. In its
letter to the Plaintiff dated 17 November 2004, the LTA stated that it was to
be informed in advance if the need to use other plants arose.

6 The trial judge (“the Judge”) found that the period of suspension
effectively lasted from 7 July 2004 to 17 November 2004 (see _Sato Kogyo (S)
Pte Ltd v RDC Concrete Pte Ltd_ [2006] SGHC 213 (“the GD”) at [27]). During
this period, the Plaintiff obtained all its concrete from Pan United. The
rates charged by Pan United were higher than those stipulated in the Contract.
By way of letters written on 3 July 2004 and 12 July 2004, the Plaintiff
notified the Defendant that it would charge the Defendant for the cost
differentials of obtaining concrete from alternative suppliers during the
suspension period.

7 When the Defendant was allowed to resume supply from 18 November 2004
onwards, it was undisputed that the Defendant failed, on no fewer than 42
occasions, to supply concrete ordered by the Plaintiff under the Contract. The
Defendant was either wholly unable to meet the Plaintiff’s orders or could
only supply part of the volume of concrete ordered. The Defendant would give
various reasons for its failure to supply the concrete. These reasons can be
broadly categorised into two classes: (a) shortage of raw materials, namely,
aggregates and cement; and (b) plant breakdowns. Of the 42 occasions of non-
or short supply, there were also instances where the Defendant did not provide
a reason for its failure to supply.

8 As a result, the Plaintiff’s construction schedule was disrupted and it was
subjected to delay and inconvenience. The Plaintiff had to purchase concrete
from alternative suppliers, in particular, Pan United, at rates higher than
those stipulated in the Contract. Pursuant to cl 8 of the Plaintiff’s letter
of intent, the Plaintiff deducted all the cost differentials incurred from the
outstanding amounts due to the Defendant. Clause 8 provides as follows:

In the event that your supply is unable to meet LTA’s requirements, or you are
unable to continue your supply, Sato Kogyo (S) Pte Ltd reserves the right to
terminate your contract and retain and use both the retention sum and any
outstanding payment due to you to seek for alternative source of supply. In
addition, Sato Kogyo (S) Pte Ltd also reserves the right to seek from you any
direct cost incurred due to your non-compliance.

9 The Defendant maintained that it was not liable for the cost differentials
as the circumstances that gave rise to the non-or short supply fell within the
ambit of the _force majeure_ clauses in the Contract. Clause 3 of the
Defendant’s revised quotation provides as follows:

**3\. FORCE MAJEURE**

In the event of any circumstance constituting Force Majeure, which is defined
as act of God, or due to any cause beyond the supplier’s control, such as
market raw material shortages, unforeseen plant breakdowns or labour disputes,
the duty of the affected party to perform its obligations shall be suspended
or limited until such circumstance ceases.

Clause J of Appendix 1A of the Defendant’s revised quotation (incorporated by
cl 5 of the same) similarly provides as follows:

J.**** In the event of any circumstance constituting Force Majeure, which is
defined as act of God, or due to any cause beyond The Supplier’s control, such
as market raw material shortages, unforeseen plant breakdowns or labour
disputes, the duty of the affected party to perform its obligations shall be
suspended or limited until such circumstance ceases. In any event, The
Supplier shall not be liable in any way for loss or damage arising directly or
indirectly through or in consequence of such events or happenings.

10 The Defendant repeatedly pursued the Plaintiff for the outstanding amounts
due and payable to it for the concrete that it had already supplied. The
Defendant maintained that it was not liable for the cost differentials and
that the Plaintiff’s deduction of the same from the outstanding amounts due to
the Defendant was unjustified and wrongful. As a result of the Plaintiff’s
non-payment, the Defendant suspended supply of concrete on 5 April 2005. This
was pursuant to cl K of Appendix 1A of the Defendant’s revised quotation
(incorporated by cl 5 of the same), which provides:

K. The Supplier reserves the right to suspend the supply of concrete to the
Purchaser without notice in the event of the Purchaser exceeding the credit
limit or defaulting on payment beyond the credit term and in recovering such
outstanding payment, plus all resulting legal costs and expenses and interest
accrued.

Clause 4 of the Defendant’s revised quotation also provides as follows:

**4\. PAYMENT TERM**

The term of payment is **30 days.**

[emphasis in original]

11 On 30 May 2005, pursuant to cl 8 of the Plaintiff’s letter of intent (set
out at [8] above), the Plaintiff terminated the Contract on two grounds: (a)
persistent failure to supply concrete when ordered; and/or (b) failure to
comply with the LTA’s requirements. It was a term of the Contract that the
concrete supplied by the Defendant had to comply with the LTA’s requirements.
In particular, cl 3 of the Plaintiff’s letter of intent provides as follows:

Not withstanding [_sic_] the Terms and Conditions of Supply in your quotation,
you are fully aware and will comply with LTA’s latest revision of Materials
and Workmanship Specification for Civil and Structural Works at no extra cost.

Clause 4 of the same provides as follows:

You guarantee that the temperature control criteria will be met with the use
of PBFC concrete with chilled water as offered in your quotation, whether it
is for 28 or 56 days strength mix. Layer concreting to meet the criteria is
not acceptable.

12 The Plaintiff’s complaint was that the concrete supplied by the Defendant
did not pass the tests at 28 days strength and peak core temperature of 70°C.
The Defendant maintained that the LTA’s requirements of 70°C and 28 days
strength were mutually exclusive and proposed to change the peak core
temperature to 80°C. The LTA rejected the Defendant’s proposal.

13 The Plaintiff then instituted the present action to claim damages for
breach of contract. The Defendant counterclaimed for the amounts due under
outstanding invoices in respect of concrete that it had already supplied to
the Plaintiff.

**Issues and findings in the trial court**

14 The following five issues were raised in the trial court:

(a) Was the Contract an “exclusive” or “sole supplier” contract?

(b) Did the failure of the cube tests allow the Plaintiff to claim the cost
differentials of obtaining concrete from an alternative supplier incurred
during the suspension period (between 7 July 2004 and 17 November 2004)?

(c) After supply was resumed, did the _force majeure_ clauses in the Contract
apply so as to exempt the Defendant from liability for the non- or short
supply of concrete between 18 November 2004 and 5 April 2005?

(d) Was the Defendant entitled to suspend the supply of concrete on 5 April
2005?

(e) Was the Plaintiff entitled to terminate the Contract on 30 May 2005?

15 The Judge allowed the Plaintiff’s claim in part. In so far as issue (a) was
concerned, the Judge held that the parties had not agreed to enter into an
exclusive or sole supplier contract. The main reason for this holding lay in
the fact that there was no express term stating that the Contract was
exclusive. Further, the absence of a priority term in the Contract indicated
that the Plaintiff was not entitled to priority in supply by the Defendant at
the expense of the Defendant’s other customers. The Judge also found that the
Plaintiff was at liberty to obtain concrete from Pan United even when the
Defendant was able to supply the same.

16 In so far as issue (b) was concerned, the Judge found that the Plaintiff
could not claim the cost differentials incurred during the suspension period.
This stemmed from her finding that cl 8 of the Plaintiff’s letter of intent
required the Plaintiff to _first_ terminate the Contract before it could claim
the cost differentials. As the Plaintiff only terminated the Contract on 30
May 2005, the Judge reasoned that the Plaintiff was precluded from claiming
the cost differentials of obtaining concrete from an alternative supplier
prior to that date. Secondly, the Judge also held that the cost differentials
did not fall within the meaning of the term “direct cost” in cl 8.

17 In so far as issue (c) was concerned, the Judge held that the _force
majeure_ clauses applied to justify non- or short supply due to shortage of
raw materials, but did not exempt the Defendant from liability arising from
unforeseen plant breakdowns. Accordingly, the Defendant was liable only for
the cost differentials incurred as a result of non- or short supply arising
from plant breakdowns.

18 In so far as issue (d) was concerned, the Judge held that the Defendant was
entitled to suspend supply on 5 April 2005 as some payments were made by the
Plaintiff later than the 30-day credit term allowed under the Contract.
Further, the Judge found that some of the deductions made by the Plaintiff
from the outstanding amounts due to the Defendant were unjustified.

19 In so far as issue (e) was concerned, the Judge held that the Plaintiff had
discharged its burden of proving that it was entitled to terminate the
Contract both on the grounds of the Defendant’s non- or short supply as well
as its failure to supply concrete that adhered to the LTA’s specifications.

20 In addition, the Judge also entered judgment for the Defendant on its
counterclaim of $236,802.64. The counterclaim was not disputed by the
Plaintiff and is not an issue in this appeal.

21 In Civil Appeal No 152 of 2006 (“CA 152”), the Plaintiff appealed against
the Judge’s findings on issues (a), (b), (c) and (d). In Civil Appeal No 151
of 2006 (“CA 151”), the Defendant appealed on the Judge’s findings with
respect to issues (c) and (e). These issues will now be considered in turn.

**Issue (a) – Was the Contract an “exclusive” or “sole supplier” contract?**

22 The Plaintiff contended that it was an implied term of the Contract that
the Contract was to be an “exclusive” or “sole supplier” contract. As a
result, the Plaintiff was obliged to obtain all its concrete from the
Defendant during the contract period. The implication of this argument is that
the Plaintiff would be entitled to look to the Defendant for the cost
differentials incurred as a result of obtaining concrete from alternative
suppliers if the Defendant was unable to meet the Plaintiff’s orders and the
_force majeure_ clauses did not apply to relieve the Defendant of its
obligations.

23 It was not disputed that the Defendant was free to supply concrete to other
contractors during the contract period. The only issue in contention was
whether the Plaintiff was contractually obliged to purchase all its concrete
_solely_ from the Defendant.

24 The Judge held that the Contract was _not_ an exclusive or sole supplier
contract for the following reasons (see the GD at [25]):

(a) There was no term stating that the Contract was exclusive.

(b) The absence of a priority term in the Contract indicated that the
Plaintiff was not entitled to priority supply by the Defendant at the expense
of its other customers.

(c) A project plant was not specifically set up to supply the Plaintiff with
concrete for the Project.

(d) The Defendant fulfilled orders on a first come, first served basis.

(e) The Plaintiff was at liberty to use Pan United even at times when the
Defendant was able to supply concrete.

25 We affirm the Judge’s finding that the Contract was not an exclusive or
sole supplier contract. Most importantly, and as the Judge had noted, this was
not an express term of the Contract. This should be contrasted with the
contract subsequently entered into between the Plaintiff and Island Concrete
Pte Ltd on 1 August 2005 wherein cl 2.1 expressly provided that the “prices
are **_specially quoted_** based on the condition that we will be the **_sole
supplier_** of ready-mixed concrete to your above jobsite” [emphasis in
original].

26 We reject the Plaintiff’s argument that a sole supplier term could be
implied into the Contract. It is established law that a court will only imply
terms into a contract where such terms are necessary to give business efficacy
to the contract or where the term represents the obvious, but unexpressed,
intention of the parties (see, for example, the Singapore High Court decision
of _Forefront Medical Technology (Pte) Ltd v Modern-Pak Pte Ltd_ [2006] 1 SLR
927 at [29]–[41]). In order to uphold the concept of sanctity and freedom of
contract, courts have generally been reluctant to imply terms into contracts,
especially contracts entered into between two commercial parties. Based on the
argument that the quotation for 70,000m3 of concrete was a _bona fide_
estimate of the total volume required for the Project, the Plaintiff sought to
imply a term that only _one_ supplier was required for the entire Project. In
particular, the Plaintiff argued that the commercial objectives of both
parties would be achieved with the implication of such a term as the Plaintiff
could get better fixed rates for bulk purchase and the Defendant would be able
to supply a substantial volume of concrete to keep its production arm in
operation.

27 It is appropriate to commence the analysis of this issue by revisiting cl 2
of the Defendant’s revised quotation, which provides as follows:

**2\. CONTRACT PERIOD AND CONCRETE QUANTITY**

The above quoted prices shall be held firm **from 1 st September 2003 to 30th
June 2006** and the concrete quantity to be supplied to the project is
estimated to be approximately **70,000m 3.** This contract shall cease to be
valid upon the expiry of the contract period or the supplied concrete
quantity, whichever is earlier.

[emphasis in original]

28 On a literal interpretation of cl 2, the Defendant is obliged to supply
approximately 70,000m3 of concrete to the Plaintiff at the stated prices
during the contract period. Conversely, the Plaintiff’s obligation is to
obtain up to 70,000m3 of concrete from the Defendant at the stated rates
during the contractual period. Where the Plaintiff orders more than 70,000m3
of concrete, the stated prices no longer apply and the parties are free to
engage in further negotiations for fresh rates.

29 At this juncture, it is appropriate to refer to the Singapore High Court
decision of _Nam Kee Asphalt Pte Ltd v Chew Eu Hock Construction Co Pte Ltd_
[2000] SGHC 45.

30 In that case, the court was concerned with a contract for the supply of
aggregates. The contract provided that the “estimated quantity” to be supplied
under the contract was 40,000 tonnes. On the facts, the defendant ordered and
paid for only 8,643.42 tonnes. The plaintiff sought to recover the loss of
profits _vis-à-vis_ the unsold balance and argued that it was an implied term
of the contract that the defendant should purchase from the plaintiff _all_
the aggregates it required in respect of the contract, _ie_ , that the
contract was exclusive in nature. Lee Seiu Kin JC (as he then was) rejected
this argument, observing thus (at [15]):

Considering the factors above, firstly there is nothing in the language of the
contract nor in the circumstances under which it was entered into that raises
an inference that the parties had intended that there be an exclusivity
clause. Such a clause is neither necessary to give business efficacy to the
contract nor does it represent the obvious intention of the parties. It is
common for a vendor to give an open quotation to a purchaser for the latter to
make orders as he deems necessary. Implying the exclusivity clause does not
make the contract any more efficacious; instead it alters the nature of the
bargain considerably. As such, I cannot see how it can pass the “officious
bystander” test. I therefore do not see any basis whatsoever to imply the
exclusivity term into the Aggregates Contract.

31 In a similar vein, it is difficult to see how the implication of a sole
supplier term on the present facts would lend business efficacy to the
Contract or would satisfy the test of the officious bystander. In fact,
implying such a term would considerably alter the nature of the bargain as the
Plaintiff would be deemed to be in breach of the Contract whenever it obtained
concrete from alternative suppliers during the contract period, _even if_ it
had already purchased the requisite 70,000m3 of concrete from the Defendant.
This result could hardly have been intended by the parties. In fact, Yew, the
Plaintiff’s project manager, testified that more than 70,000m3 of concrete
would be needed for the entire Project. Indeed, if the Project had proceeded
along faster than expected and resulted in the Plaintiff requiring more than
70,000m3 of concrete during the contract period, counsel did not suggest that
the Plaintiff would be in breach had it then purchased concrete from
alternative suppliers. Of significance, too, is the fact that the Judge had
accepted the evidence that the Plaintiff had obtained concrete from Pan United
even when the Defendant was able to supply.

32 We were fortified in our conclusion by noting the conspicuous absence of a
“priority term” in the Contract. Notably, a priority term would entail the
dedication of a project plant to supplying concrete for a project and would
ensure that the customer had priority of supply. In such cases, the project
plant could only supply other customers after the project customer’s
requirements had been fully satisfied. The Plaintiff must have understood that
it would obtain its supply from a “commercial plant” (which would entail the
Defendant’s supply of concrete being distributed amongst its many customers),
and not from a dedicated project plant. When the Plaintiff required more than
the contract quantity, it was always open to the Plaintiff to purchase
concrete from other suppliers.

33 We therefore reject the Plaintiff’s argument that the Contract is an
exclusive or sole supplier contract and dismiss the Plaintiff’s appeal on this
particular issue.

**Issue (b) – Could the Plaintiff claim for the cost differentials incurred
during the suspension period (between 7 July 2004 and 17 November 2004)?**

**_Background and issues_**

34 Due to the failure of several cube tests conducted between May to June 2004
on the concrete supplied by the Defendant, the LTA suspended the Defendant’s
supply of concrete to the Plaintiff from 7 July 2004 to 17 November 2004.
During this period, the Plaintiff obtained concrete from Pan United. The
Plaintiff claimed that the Defendant was liable for the resulting cost
differentials and deducted the same from the outstanding payments due to the
Defendant.

35 This claim is based on cl 8 of the Plaintiff’s letter of intent, which will
be set out once again for ease of reference:

In the event that your supply is unable to meet LTA’s requirements, or you are
unable to continue your supply, Sato Kogyo (S) Pte Ltd reserves the right to
terminate your contract and retain and use both the retention sum and any
outstanding payment due to you to seek for alternative source of supply. _In
addition, Sato Kogyo (S) Pte Ltd also reserves the right to seek from you any
direct cost incurred due to your non-compliance_. [emphasis added]

36 The Plaintiff argued that the first sentence of cl 8 conferred on it _dual
rights_ in the event of the Defendant’s inability to meet the LTA’s
requirements and/or to continue its supply, _viz_ , the right to terminate the
Contract and/or the right to seek for alternative supply and recover the cost
differentials from the Defendant, respectively. Thus, the Plaintiff could
choose to exercise either or both of these rights and, consequently, could
claim the cost differentials without first terminating the Contract. The
Plaintiff also argued that the cost differentials fell within the ambit of the
term “direct cost” in the second sentence of cl 8.

37 In reply, the Defendant contended, first, that cl 8 would only apply where
the Plaintiff had first terminated the Contract. Since the Plaintiff
terminated the Contract only on 30 May 2005, the Defendant argued that the
Plaintiff could not claim the cost differentials incurred between 7 July 2004
and 17 November 2004. Secondly, the Defendant denied that the cost
differentials were a “direct cost”. The Defendant argued that it was, instead,
a “consequential loss” and that the Defendant’s liability for such loss was
therefore excluded by cl D of Appendix 1A of the Defendant’s revised quotation
(incorporated by cl 5 of the same), which provides as follows:

D.**** All cube strength results must be made known to The Supplier within 7
days after the 28 days test result. Should there be cube failure, The
Purchaser is to inform The Supplier in writing within 14 days, otherwise The
Supplier shall not be held responsible for any such failure. Should the
concrete supplied fail to meet all compliance tests, The Supplier undertakes
to supply to The Purchaser, free of charge, the volume of concrete judged
defective. _The Supplier shall not be liable for any claims whatsoever for
consequential and/or other damages._ [emphasis added]

38 To recapitulate, the Judge held that the Plaintiff was _not_ entitled to
claim the cost differentials incurred during the suspension period for two
reasons:

(a) Under cl 8, it was a precondition that the Plaintiff had first to
terminate the Contract before it could claim the cost differentials. Since the
Plaintiff did not terminate the Contract until 30 May 2005, it was precluded
from claiming the cost differentials of purchasing concrete from alternative
suppliers prior to that date.

(b) The cost differentials of purchasing concrete from an alternative supplier
were not a “direct cost” and therefore the Defendant was not liable for the
same.

The two sub-issues will be discussed separately.

**_First sub-issue – Whether termination of the Contract by the Plaintiff
under clause 8 was a precondition to recovery of the cost differentials_**

39 The determination of this issue hinges on the proper construction of cl 8.
On a literal interpretation, it is clear that in the event where the
Defendant’s supply is unable to meet the LTA’s requirements or the Defendant
is unable to continue its supply, the Plaintiff expressly “reserves” two
rights: (a) the right to terminate the contract and retain and use both the
retention and outstanding payments due to the Defendant to seek alternative
sources of supply; _and/or_ (b) the right to seek any direct costs incurred by
the Plaintiff due to the Defendant’s non-compliance. These two rights are
disjunctive inasmuch as the right to recover direct costs is “[i]n addition”
to, and not dependent on, the right to terminate the Contract. This means that
while the Plaintiff’s right to apply the retention and outstanding sums due to
the Defendant towards the cost differential of obtaining concrete from an
alternative supplier was contingent on the Plaintiff’s termination of the
Contract, its right to seek direct costs was not subject to such a
precondition. In other words, the Plaintiff could claim direct costs incurred
as a result of the Defendant’s breach _even if it had not terminated the
Contract_. We therefore respectfully disagree with the Judge’s construction of
cl 8.

40 More importantly, the _general position at common law_ is clear beyond
peradventure: even if the innocent party (here, the Plaintiff) is not entitled
to terminate the contract or, if so entitled, chooses nevertheless not to
terminate the contract, it will, generally speaking, _always_ be entitled to
claim _damages as of right_ for loss resulting from the breach (or breaches)
of contract: see the House of Lords decision of _Raineri v Miles_ [1981] AC
1050. It is, of course, always open to the parties to contractually modify the
common law position by the use of clear and unambiguous words in their
contract.

41 Returning to the facts, it is clear that the second sentence of cl 8 did
not modify the common law position and is, instead, _entirely consistent_ with
it. In the absence of clear words, therefore, the common law position that a
plaintiff is entitled to damages upon a defendant’s breach was preserved and
operated as a _separate_ right which was referred to in [39] above. The
Plaintiff is therefore entitled to claim for direct costs incurred due to the
Defendant’s inability to meet the LTA’s requirements even though the Plaintiff
had not terminated the Contract. We turn now to the issue of whether the cost
differentials of obtaining concrete from alternative suppliers fall within the
definition of the term “direct cost”.

**_Second sub-issue – Whether the cost differentials fall within the
definition of “direct cost” under clause 8_**

42 The law in this area is well settled. Direct loss (here, in the form of
direct costs) is loss that flows directly, naturally and in the ordinary
course of events from the defendant’s breach, without any intervening cause
and independently of special circumstances: see the decision of this court in
_Singapore Telecommunications Ltd v Starhub Cable Vision Ltd_ [2006] 2 SLR 195
at [59] and the English High Court decision of _Saint Line Limited v
Richardsons, Westgarth & Co, Limited_ [1940] 2 KB 99 at 103. This constitutes,
in fact, the _first_ limb of the test propounded in the seminal English
decision of _Hadley v Baxendale_ (1854) 9 Exch 341; 156 ER 145, which relates
to “natural” or “ordinary” damage. This is to be contrasted with the _second_
limb in that case, which relates to “special” or “non-natural” damage.

43 In situations relating to _direct loss_ (and, correspondingly, the _first_
limb of _Hadley v Baxendale_), the crucial question is whether, on the
information available to the defendant when the contract was made, the
defendant should, as a reasonable person, have realised that such loss was
sufficiently likely to result from the breach of contract to make it proper to
hold that the loss flowed naturally from the breach and, therefore, that the
loss should have been within the defendant’s contemplation: see the oft-cited
House of Lords decision of _C Czarnikow Ltd v Koufos, The Heron II_ [1969] 1
AC 350 at 385, _per_ Lord Reid. Thus, the court is not concerned with _actual
knowledge_ on the part of the defendant. The defendant is taken to know, under
the concept of _imputed_ knowledge, that such damage would _ordinarily_ ensue
as a result of the breach of contract: see the Singapore High Court decision
of _CHS CPO GmbH v Vikas Goel_ [2005] 3 SLR 202 at [82].

44 The Judge held that the Defendant was not liable for the cost differentials
because it would be “straining the language to say the price differential of
an alternative supplier would come under the meaning of ‘direct cost’” (see
the GD at [52]). With respect, we are unable to agree with the Judge’s
conclusion. In our view, the cost differentials were a direct cost or loss
that flowed directly and naturally from the Defendant’s inability to supply
concrete that met with the LTA’s requirements. Since the Project was a major
project of a public nature, the Defendant would or should have known that it
would be stringently regulated by the LTA. It should have been within the
Defendant’s reasonable contemplation that, had the concrete it supplied not
satisfied the LTA’s requirements, the LTA would suspend its supply for an
indefinite period. In fact, the Defendant should have been well aware of the
manner in which the LTA operated since it was an experienced participant in
the field and would have been previously involved in similar large-scale
construction projects. In circumstances where the Defendant’s supply was
suspended, it was reasonable for both parties to contemplate that construction
should continue and that the Plaintiff would therefore have to seek
alternative sources of concrete elsewhere. This was particularly so because,
_at the material time_ , the parties did not know how long the suspension
would last. In addition, the Plaintiff was liable for a huge amount of
liquidated damages to the tune of $100,000 per day for delay. It would also
have been in the reasonable contemplation of both parties that concrete, which
would then have to be purchased from the market on an _ad hoc_ basis, would
necessarily be more expensive than the rates charged by the Defendant. After
all, the Defendant itself had argued that the only reason why it was able to
offer “rock-bottom rates” was because the Plaintiff had purchased the concrete
in bulk.

45 The Plaintiff is therefore entitled to claim the cost differentials of
obtaining concrete from Pan United incurred between 7 July 2004 and 17
November 2004 because this was a direct cost that naturally resulted from the
Defendant’s inability to meet with the LTA’s requirements. The Plaintiff’s
appeal on this particular issue is therefore allowed.

**Issue (c) – Did the _force majeure_ clauses in the Contract apply so as to
exempt the Defendant from liability to the Plaintiff for non-supply of
concrete between 18 November 2004 and 5 April 2005?**

**_Background and issue_**

46 After the LTA suspension order was lifted on 17 November 2004, the
Defendant resumed supply of concrete to the Plaintiff. It was, however, not
disputed that from 18 November 2004 to 5 April 2005, there were numerous
occasions on which the Defendant was unable to supply _all_ of the Plaintiff’s
requirements. The Defendant attributed this to two main causes: (a) a shortage
of raw materials (in particular, cement and aggregates); and (b) plant
breakdowns. On these occasions, the Plaintiff had to seek alternative sources
of supply which were invariably procured at a higher price. The Plaintiff
claimed the cost differentials of obtaining alternative supplies of concrete
during this period.

47 The Plaintiff’s claim for the cost differentials incurred during this
period was based on cl 8. The construction of cl 8 as discussed above would
similarly apply here. The Plaintiff was thus _prima facie_ entitled to claim
the direct costs incurred as a result of the Defendant’s non- or short supply.
The only issue to determine is whether the _force majeure_ clauses applied so
as to exempt the Defendant from liability.

48 The _force majeure_ clauses in the Contract have already been set out at
[9] above. The effect of both the clauses is the same: If the circumstances
stated therein are satisfied, the Defendant’s obligation to supply concrete
will be suspended. The practical implication is, of course, that the Defendant
will, as a result, not be liable for any cost differentials incurred during
this period.

49 The Judge held that while the Defendant could invoke the _force majeure_
clauses to justify non-supply to the Plaintiff due to a market shortage of raw
materials, it could not do so for non-supply due to unforeseen plant
breakdowns. The Defendant was therefore held liable for the cost differentials
incurred on occasions when the non- or short supply was due to plant
breakdowns, but _not_ on other occasions when the non- or short supply was due
to the market shortage of raw materials.

**_The issue of pleadings_**

50 In our view, this particular issue can be easily resolved on the ground
that the Defendant had not even pleaded _force majeure_ in its defence to
begin with. In its defence and counterclaim filed on 15 August 2005, the
Defendant only made passing reference to the fact that it could not meet the
Plaintiff’s requests for supply due to unavailability of materials or plant
breakdowns. Thus, para 7 pleaded as follows:

The Defendants shall aver that under the Contract, especially under Paragraph
2 of the Defendants’ Letter, the Defendants merely had to supply the
Plaintiffs ready-mixed concrete in bulk to the extent of approximately
70,000m3 during the Contract Period. There was no stipulation for specific
date and / or volumes for supply during the Contract Period. _The Defendants
shall aver that on occasions when they could not meet the Plaintiffs’ requests
for supply for whatever reason (such as for insufficient notice,
unavailability of materials or breakdown of plant), they would propose
alternative supply dates or volumes based on their constraints._ However, it
was the Plaintiffs who would not accept such alternative proposals, choosing
to go to alternative suppliers instead. [emphasis added]

51 This is insufficient to enable the Defendant to rely on the defence of
_force majeure_ as embodied in the clauses set out at [9] above. In our view,
the doctrine of _force majeure_ is a matter that must be specifically pleaded
before it can be relied on by a party. In this regard, O 18 r 8(1) of the
Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2006 Rev Ed) stipulates matters that must be
specifically pleaded as follows:

A party must in any pleading subsequent to a statement of claim plead
specifically any matter, for example, performance, _release_ , any relevant
statute of limitation, fraud or any fact showing illegality —

(_a_) which he alleges makes any claim or defence of the opposite party not
maintainable;

(_b_) which, if not specifically pleaded, might take the opposite party by
surprise; or

(_c_) which raises issues of fact not arising out of the preceding pleading.

[emphasis added]

52 It is trite law that the court is not entitled to make a decision on an
issue which has not been raised by the parties in their pleadings: see, for
example, the Malaysian High Court decision of _Janagi v Ong Boon Kiat_ [1971]
2 MLJ 196 and the Singapore High Court decision of _Multi-Pak Singapore Pte
Ltd v Intraco Ltd_ [1992] 2 SLR 793, both of which have often been cited as
authority for this important proposition in the local context. It is
sufficient, on this ground alone, to dispose of this issue. However, we should
add that although the courts do not generally countenance the raising of arid
and technical procedural objections that would hinder the attainment of
justice in the case at hand, they would, equally, reject arguments (such as
that now proffered) where there has been such a breach of procedural justice
that countenancing it would result in substantive prejudice and injustice to
the innocent party (which would be the case in the present appeal in so far as
the Plaintiff was concerned). However, as the Judge had found that the _force
majeure_ clauses applied to partially exempt the Defendant from liability, and
there is a dearth of local case law in relation to the doctrine of _force
majeure_ , it would be useful to discuss this issue in greater detail
(assuming, _arguendo_ , that the defective pleadings were not fatal to the
Defendant’s case on this particular point). To this end, it would be
appropriate to first set out some of the basic principles applicable to _force
majeure_ clauses.

**_Some general principles relating to_ force majeure _clauses_**

53 The principal purpose of a _force majeure_ clause is to _contractually_
allocate the risks between the contracting parties with regard to the
occurrence of future events in specific circumstances, all of which are
stipulated within the clause itself.

54 The most important principle with respect to _force majeure_ clauses
entails, simultaneously, a rather specific factual inquiry: the _precise
construction_ of the clause is paramount as it would define the _precise scope
and ambit_ of the clause itself. The court is, in accordance with the
principle of freedom of contract, to give full effect to the intention of the
parties in so far as such a clause is concerned.

55 Turning to more specific principles, an appropriate starting point would be
the following observations by Prof Sir Guenter Treitel, one of the leading
academic commentators on contract law in the Commonwealth, in the leading work
in this particular area of the law (see Sir Guenter Treitel, _Frustration and
Force Majeure_ (Sweet & Maxwell, 2nd Ed, 2004) at para 12-001):

Two main themes or policies underlie the law relating to the discharge of
contracts by supervening events [under the doctrine of frustration]. The first
is that the purpose of the doctrine of discharge is to find a satisfactory way
of allocating the loss caused by such events. The second is that the doctrine
should not be so widely applied as to undermine the sanctity of contract and
that it should therefore be applied only where the change brought about by the
supervening event is a fundamental one. _Both these policies are, however,
subject to the general principle of freedom of contract,_ which in the present
context can operate in two ways. First, it can _exclude the doctrine of
discharge_ where the parties have contracted on terms _which indicate that the
contract is to remain in being in spite of the occurrence_ of an event which
would, but for such a provision [_viz_ , the _force majeure clause_], have
discharged it. Secondly, it can enable the parties _to provide for discharge_
, or some other form of relief, on the occurrence of any event which, _but for
the provision, would have had no effect on their legal rights and duties_
_because the change of circumstances brought about by the event was not
sufficiently serious or fundamental to discharge the contract under the
general common law doctrine. Contractual provisions for supervening events may
therefore, on the one hand, exclude frustration and, on the other, provide
relief for non-frustrating events_. [emphasis added]

56 _Conceptually_ , it is true that a _force majeure_ clause operates
differently from the doctrine of frustration. Whereas a _force majeure_ clause
is an agreement as to how outstanding obligations should be resolved upon the
onset of a _foreseeable_ event, the doctrine of frustration concerns the
treatment of contractual obligations from the onset of an _unforeseeable_
event: see the decision of this court in _Glahe International Expo AG v ACS
Computer Pte Ltd_ [1999] 2 SLR 620 (“ _Glahe_ ”) at [26]. The prevalent
practice of incorporating _force majeure_ clauses into commercial contracts
today stems largely from the blunt nature of the doctrine of frustration as a
tool to allocate loss. It has often been said that the juridical basis for the
doctrine of frustration is unclear, the doctrine is difficult to invoke and
the consequences of its operation are drastic, in the sense that the contract
is automatically brought to an end. Parties therefore often include _force
majeure_ clauses in their contracts to avoid the uncertainty and hardship that
might otherwise result from relying on the common law doctrine of frustration.
Uncertainty and inconvenience are avoided by incorporating a well-drafted
clause that clearly defines the events or circumstances that constitute _force
majeure._ Hardship is also minimised in so far as a _force majeure_ clause can
be crafted to provide a more nuanced response to events of _force majeure_.
For example, it may be provided that, in circumstances constituting _force
majeure_ , an extension of time may be granted to the party in default, there
may be cancellation of the contract at the option of one party, or the
defaulting party’s duty to perform the contract will be suspended. The
contract is thus not automatically brought to an end.

57 Despite this conceptual distinction, we are of the view that the principles
relating to the doctrine of frustration are, in the vast majority of cases,
still relevant to the construction and interpretation of _force majeure_
clauses. In this regard, it is important to note that, by their _very nature
and function_ , _force majeure_ clauses would – in the ordinary course of
events – be triggered only where there was a radical external event that
supervened and that was not due to the fault of either of the contracting
parties. It will be immediately noticed that this is _also_ a pre-requisite to
the invocation of the doctrine of frustration. However, this, admittedly, is
not invariably the case. There might, for instance, be _force majeure_
clauses, the language of which falls _short_ of meeting the criteria required
with respect to the doctrine of frustration at common law (this is clearly
envisaged, for example, by Prof Treitel in the passage quoted in [55] above
and see also _Frustration and Force Majeure_ ([55] _supra_) at para 12-017).
We should think, however, that this would not be common, especially if one
accepts the basic premise that the doctrine of frustration centres (in large
part at least) on the absence of reasonable control on the part of the
contracting parties. As S Rajendran J observed in the Singapore High Court
decision of _Magenta Resources (S) Pte Ltd v China Resources (S) Pte Ltd_
[1996] 3 SLR 62 at 78, [60] (“ _Magenta Resources_ ”) (affirmed in _China
Resources (S) Pte Ltd v Magenta Resources (S) Pte Ltd_ [1997] 1 SLR 707, but
without apparent consideration of this particular point):

What is referred to as force majeure in our law (as opposed to French law from
which that term originates) is really no more than a convenient way of
referring to contractual terms that the parties have agreed upon to deal with
situations that might arise, _over which the parties have little or no
control_ , that might impede or obstruct the performance of the contract.
There can therefore be no general rule as to what constitutes a situation of
force majeure. Whether such a (force majeure) situation arises, and, where it
does arise, the rights and obligations that follow, would all depend on what
the parties, in their contract, have provided for. [emphasis added]

58 Everything depends, in the final analysis, on the precise language _and_
actual facts of the case at hand (as pointed out both in the quotation above
as well as at [54] above). In the present appeal, for example, the _force
majeure_ clauses in the Contract (reproduced at [9] above) refer to causes
that are “beyond the supplier’s control”. Depending on the precise facts
before the court, the cause or event in question could be beyond the
supplier’s (here, the Defendant’s) control and, yet, not beyond the other
party’s control (here, the Plaintiff).

59 In this regard, it should be emphasised that the doctrine of frustration
can be successfully invoked only if the alleged frustrating event is an
_external_ one that is, _ex hypothesi_ , beyond the control of _both_
contracting parties (also bearing in mind the important complementary
principle that there can be _no self-induced_ frustration). In the oft-cited
words of Lord Radcliffe in the House of Lords decision of _Davis Contractors
Ltd v Fareham Urban District Council_ [1956] AC 696 at 729:

[F]rustration occurs whenever the law recognizes that _without the default of
either party_ \- a contractual obligation has become incapable of being
performed because the circumstances in which performance is called for would
render it a thing _radically different_ from that which was undertaken by the
contract. [emphasis added]

Similarly, in the construction of a _force majeure_ clause (similar to those
found in the present case), the courts will apply “the presumption that the
expression force majeure is likely to be restricted to supervening events
which _arise without the fault of either party_ and for which neither of them
has undertaken responsibility” [emphasis added]: see the English High Court
decision of _The Kriti Rex_ [1996] 2 Lloyd’s Rep 171 at 196, _per_ Moore-Bick
J (as he then was).

60 However, whatever the precise content of a _force majeure_ clause (which,
coupled with the precise facts of the case, would determine, in turn, the
precise relationship between that clause and the doctrine of frustration), it
is important to emphasise that where a _force majeure_ clause _excludes_ the
doctrine of frustration, the principal effect and difference between the two
is with respect to the _nature of the relief_. The relief available under a
_force majeure_ clause will, of course, be determined by the specific content
of that clause itself. In a situation where the doctrine of frustration is
sought to be excluded, the clause concerned would expressly stipulate that the
contract is _not_ to be discharged _despite_ the fact that the situation would
otherwise be one that would have frustrated the contract.

61 The _force majeure_ clauses in the Contract in the present appeal are a
paradigm illustration. Whilst they are triggered or catalysed only if the
relevant event is “beyond the supplier’s control” and, to that extent, appear
to embody some of the common law principles relating to the frustration of a
contract, the _crucial difference_ lies, as mentioned in the preceding
paragraph, in the _nature of the relief_ that will be granted. If these
clauses apply, the Contract “shall be _suspended or limited until_ such
circumstance ceases” [emphasis added]. In _contrast_ , where a contract is
_frustrated_ under the common law, it is _automatically discharged by
operation of law and_ the precise relief would be determined by the provisions
of the Frustrated Contracts Act (Cap 115, 1985 Rev Ed) (“the Act”) instead
(and see generally Andrew Stewart & J W Carter, “Frustrated Contracts and
Statutory Adjustment: The Case for a Reappraisal” [1992] CLJ 66). It should
also be noted that s 3(3) of the Act itself clearly stipulates thus with
respect to its very limited applicability in the context of _force majeure_
clauses (this provision was in fact referred to in the Singapore High Court
decision of _Chan Buck Kia v Naga Shipping & Trading Co Ltd_ [1963] MLJ 159 at
160):

Where any contract to which this Act applies contains any provision which,
upon the true construction of the contract, is intended to have effect in the
event of circumstances arising which operate, or would but for that provision
operate, to frustrate the contract, or is intended to have effect whether such
circumstances arise or not, the court shall give effect to that provision and
shall only give effect to section 2 to such extent, if any, as appears to the
court to be consistent with that provision.

62 On the _other hand_ , where the _force majeure_ clause concerned does _not
exclude_ the doctrine of frustration, then, if the supervening event is indeed
a frustrating event that, _ex hypothesi_ , lies _beyond_ the boundaries of
that clause, the legal consequences as described above (_ie_ , which flow from
an application of the common law doctrine of frustration and which entail an
application of the relevant provisions of the Act) would follow instead. It is
important, however, to note that there is no need to canvass the issue of
relief in the present appeal as the only issue before us is whether or not the
_force majeure_ clauses in the Contract apply to the facts at hand. Indeed, no
attempt was, in any event, made to argue that the doctrine of frustration
applied to the present case.

63 As we have already seen, it is clear that a _force majeure_ clause can seek
to _exclude_ the doctrine of frustration. It is important, in this regard, to
reiterate the basic proposition that contracting parties are, of course, free
to exclude the doctrine and, as emphasised above, the court must give full
effect to such an agreement on the basis that these parties are at liberty to
allocate the possible risks between them in any manner they see fit.
Nevertheless, it is clear that in order to actually exclude the doctrine of
frustration, the clause concerned must be clear and unambiguous. It should be
noted, however, that the case law suggests that courts will construe _force
majeure_ clauses _strictly_ : see, for example, the oft-cited House of Lords
decisions of _Metropolitan Water Board v Dick, Kerr and Company, Limited_
[1918] AC 119 (“ _Metropolitan Water Board_ ”) and _Bank Line_ , _Limited v
Arthur Capel and Company_ [1919] AC 435. In other words, what often appears,
at first blush at least, to be an express provision covering the event
concerned is often interpreted by the courts as not intended by the
contracting parties to cover so drastic an event as a frustrating event;
hence, the doctrine of frustration would continue, with the attendant
consequences or relief briefly outlined in the paragraphs above. Indeed, it
has been observed as follows (see Ewan McKendrick, _Force Majeure and
Frustration of Contract_ (Lloyd’s of London Press Ltd, 2nd Ed, 1995) at p 36):

It is, therefore, extremely difficult, if not impossible, to draft a _force
majeure_ clause which shuts out the doctrine of frustration completely,
because even the widest of clauses may be held not to cover a particular
catastrophic event [such as in _Metropolitan Water Board_]

64 Another general principle to note is that a party who relies on the _force
majeure_ clause must show not only that it has brought itself within the
clause concerned (a separate and extremely important point in itself: see
below at [65]) but also that it has taken all reasonable steps to avoid its
operation, or mitigate its results: see the English Court of Appeal decision
of _Channel Island Ferries Ltd v Sealink UK Ltd_ [1988] 1 Lloyd’s Rep 323 (“
_Channel Island Ferries_ ”) at 327. This principle is not only commonsensical
but is also consistent with (and may even be a corollary of) the very nature
and function of a _force majeure_ clause which we have in fact elaborated upon
above (at [53]). To briefly recapitulate, such a clause presupposes that
events falling within its scope and ambit are beyond the control of the
contracting parties and that language to this effect will invariably be
utilised in the clause itself. Thus, in the English High Court decision of
_Continental Grain Export Corporation v STM Grain Ltd_ [1979] 2 Lloyd’s Rep
460 (“ _Continental Grain Export_ ”), Robert Goff J (as he then was) said (at
473) that a seller who invoked a “prohibition of export” clause (where the
rubric of “impossibility” was utilised) had to prove that: (a) no goods of the
contract description were available to him to fulfil his contract; and (b) he
could not, following notice of the event, obtain any such goods “by the
exercise of any means reasonably open to him”. This was approved (in relation
to a similar clause) by the English Court of Appeal in _Andre & Cie SA v
Tradax Export SA_ [1983] 1 Lloyd’s Rep 254 at 258.

65 Finally, it should also be noted that a party who relies on a _force
majeure_ clause has the burden of bringing himself squarely within that
clause: see _Channel Island Ferries_ (at 327); _Magenta Resources_ ([57]
_supra_ at 86, [98]); and _Chitty on Contracts_ (Sweet & Maxwell, 29th Ed,
2004) vol 1 at para 14-140.

66 Bearing the above principles in mind, we now turn to consider whether, had
circumstances of _force majeure_ been specifically pleaded, the _force
majeure_ clauses in the Contract would apply, in the first instance, to exempt
the Defendant from liability for the cost differentials incurred where the
non- or short supply was caused by market raw material shortages, in
particular, aggregates and cement. The applicability of these clauses with
respect to the non- or short supply caused by plant breakdowns will be
considered later. It is also important to reiterate that no argument centring
on the doctrine of frustration was proffered before either the Judge or this
court and that, therefore, our only task, as just mentioned, is to ascertain
whether or not the _force majeure_ clauses in the Contract would, based on the
facts before us, apply in the present appeal.

**_Market raw material shortages_**

67 In our view, the facts allegedly giving rise to market raw material
shortages were insufficient to fall within the ambit of the _force majeure_
clauses in the Contract. Consistent with the general principle set out above
(at [54]), the precise language and intent of the clauses are crucial as they
define (in turn) the precise scope of the clauses themselves. It would
therefore be appropriate to set out the clauses once again. As the clauses
(set out at [9] above) are word-for-word the same, it would suffice to set out
the contents of the clause just once, as follows:

In the event of any circumstance constituting _Force Majeure_ , _which is
defined as_ act of God, _or_ due to _any_ cause _beyond the supplier’s
control_ , _such as_ market raw material shortages, _unforeseen_ plant
breakdowns or labour disputes, the duty of the affected party to perform its
obligations shall be _suspended or limited until such circumstance ceases_.
[emphasis added]

68 Turning to the analysis of the clause proper, we note, first, that the
Defendant failed to produce sufficient evidence proving that there was, in
fact, a market shortage of _cement_. The only evidence before the court was
the oral evidence of the Defendant’s general manager who testified in re-
examination that a drastic increase in freight charges in late 2004 had led to
the reluctance of cement suppliers to commit to shipping cement. This was
woefully insufficient.

69 Secondly, in so far as the alleged shortage of _aggregates_ is concerned,
there is evidence that, sometime in mid-2004 to early 2005, there was an acute
shortage of aggregates in Singapore from traditional sources in Indonesia.
This was due, _inter alia_ , to: (a) a ban by the Indonesian government on the
use of explosives for blasting, thereby severely restricting quarry
operations; (b) unexpected operational problems by one of the larger
Indonesian operators; and (c) suspension of supply by the Building and
Construction Authority (“BCA”) from one of the Indonesian operators due to
suspected alkali-silica reactivity. As a result, the overall output of the
quarries was reduced and stockpiles were depleted to practically zero.
Concrete producers were not always able to obtain aggregates in sufficient
quantity and at the exact time to produce concrete to meet their customers’
casting schedules. All these facts were documented in a letter written by the
Ready-Mix Concrete Association of Singapore to the BCA.

70 Despite the presence of the above facts, we find that the Defendant had
_not_ discharged its burden of proving that the _force majeure_ clauses
applied _vis-à-vis_ the shortage of _aggregates_. It is important, in this
regard, to note the precise language utilised in the _force majeure_ clauses
concerned which have been reproduced at [67] above. In particular, the phrase
“beyond the supplier’s control” is of crucial significance. This phrase
applies, _inter alia_ , to market raw material shortages, as evidenced by the
phrase “such as” which is interposed between that particular phrase and the
rest of the clause which refers to “market raw material shortages”. In other
words, “market raw material shortages” are but one instance of a “cause
_beyond the supplier’s control_ ” [emphasis added]. That being the case, it is
clear that “market raw material shortages” would not constitute an event of
_force majeure_ within the meaning of the clause _unless_ such shortages were
“beyond the supplier’s control” (here, beyond the Defendant’s control). This
is _clearly not_ the case in the present appeal, as it was still _within_ the
Defendant’s power to purchase aggregates from the market, _albeit at a higher
price_. It will also be recalled that a defendant who wishes to invoke a
_force majeure_ clause must prove, _inter alia_ , that it could not obtain the
goods “by the exercise of any means reasonably open to [it]” (_per_ Robert
Goff J (as he then was) in _Continental Grain Export_ ([64] _supra_) at 473).
In our view, it was open to the Defendant to obtain aggregates from the market
at a higher price. The Contract had merely become more _onerous_ for the
Defendant to perform, but the circumstances certainly did not constitute
_force majeure_ within the meaning of the relevant clauses in the Contract.

71 This conclusion is consistent with the earlier decision of this court in
_Glahe_ ([56] _supra_). In that case, the parties had entered into a contract
for the sale and delivery of computers to Moscow. The court had to consider
whether the imposition of customs duty and/or the Russian inflation were
events that fell within the _force majeure_ clause, which provided as follows:

Neither Party shall be responsible for the complete or partial non-performance
of any of its obligations, if the non-performance results from such
circumstances as flood, fire, earthquake, and other Acts of God, as well as
war, military operations, blockade, act or actions of state authorities, or
any other circumstances beyond the Parties’ control that have arisen after the
conclusion of the Contract (except for failure to pay any sum which has become
due under the provisions hereof).

72 In so far as the imposition of customs duty was concerned, the court held
(at [24]) that the imposition of a mere 15% tax was not so huge or
astronomical as to constitute an event of _force majeure_. The court found (at
[25]) that the two events, taken together or singly, did not prevent the
appellant from performing the contract; they only made the performance of the
contract more expensive and costly. As a result, the court held that the
appellant was not exempted from liability under the _force majeure_ clause.

73 Similarly, the English Court of Appeal in _Brauer & Co (Gt Britain), Ltd v
James Clark (Brush Materials)_, _Ltd_ [1952] 2 Lloyd’s Rep 147 held that a 20%
to 30% increase in prices merely made it more unprofitable for the sellers to
perform their contractual obligations, but did not constitute circumstances of
_force majeure_.

74 In our view, the shortage of aggregates in the market merely made it more
_expensive_ and _costly_ for the defendant to perform the Contract. In
addition, we wonder whether the Defendant may have consciously opted to supply
concrete to other purchasers who were willing to pay higher rates and who,
unlike the Plaintiff, were not locked into fixed-price contracts. This would,
of course, be unacceptable. In a related vein, we note that the Judge had also
observed as follows (see the GD at [137]):

It was Nobes’[the Defendant’s general manager’s] evidence that the defendant
was keen to secure the plaintiff’s order, even at a (calculated) loss. Hence,
the defendant’s various quotations which led up to the eight[h] and final
quotation dated 1 September 2003 gradually lowered the prices of concrete
mixes across the board but for incrementally higher volumes. Ho [the
Defendant’s assistant general manager] had earlier revealed that the defendant
took a ‘budgeted loss’ on the contract … In re-examination … Nobes explained
the rationale for the defendant’s willingness to give rock bottom prices to
the plaintiff. He said it was because the defendant wanted to retain its
market share in the ready-mix concrete industry to keep its plant running. It
could only do that if its order books generated sufficient volume for the
capacity of its plant. _That would further explain the defendant’s reluctance
to absorb the plaintiff’s direct and consequential losses relating to non and
or late delivery._ [emphasis added]

75 Be that as it may, on a consideration of all the circumstances, we find
that the alleged shortage of aggregates did not, in any event, fall within the
scope and ambit of the _force majeure_ clauses in the Contract. The
Plaintiff’s appeal on this issue therefore succeeds. We now turn to the issue
of whether non- or short supply resulting from _plant breakdowns_ falls within
the ambit of the _force majeure_ clause (assuming that it had been
specifically pleaded).

**_Plant breakdowns_**

76 The Judge held that the non- or short supply due to plant breakdowns did
not fall within the scope and ambit of the _force majeure_ clauses in the
Contract because in the event that the Kaki Bukit plant broke down, the
Defendant had two back-up plants and two friendly suppliers to accommodate the
supply of concrete to the Plaintiff (see the GD at [95]). The Judge also found
that the Defendant was estopped from arguing plant breakdowns to avoid
liability because it had represented to the Plaintiff during negotiations that
back-up plants were available (see the GD at [98]).

77 On appeal, the Defendant’s main argument was that there was no contractual
requirement to provide a back-up plant and, further, that at the time of the
breakdowns, only the Kaki Bukit plant had been approved by the LTA for the
supply of concrete for the Project.

78 We agree with the Judge’s finding that in so far as plant breakdowns were
concerned, the _force majeure_ clauses in the Contract do not apply and the
Defendant is accordingly liable for the cost differentials incurred during
these occasions. In the first instance, the Defendant has to show (as with the
alleged market raw material shortages) that the plant breakdowns were
something “beyond the supplier’s control”. Indeed, this requirement is driven
home by the fact that in the _force majeure_ clauses themselves, there is the
additional appellation “unforeseen” that qualifies “plant breakdowns”. We also
reiterate that in order for a defendant to rely on a _force majeure_ clause,
it has to show that it has taken all reasonable steps to avoid its operation,
or to mitigate its results.

79 On the facts, we find that the Defendant was unable to prove that the plant
breakdowns were unforeseen and beyond its control. Indeed, it also had _not_
taken reasonable steps to avoid or mitigate the consequences of a plant
breakdown. After the LTA had allowed the Defendant to resume supply of
concrete in November 2004, the LTA stipulated that only concrete from the Kaki
Bukit plant may be supplied. More importantly, however, the LTA also stated
that it should be informed in advance in the event that the need to use other
plants belonging to the Defendant should arise. It was thus open to the
Defendant, very early on, to avoid or mitigate the consequences of any
breakdown in the Kaki Bukit plant by seeking the LTA’s approval to use the Gay
World and Kallang plants. It also followed, therefore, that the opportunity to
avoid the event that happened (_viz_ , the plant breakdowns) was _clearly
within the defendant’s control_. However, the Defendant failed to take any
steps in this direction and opted, instead, to rely solely on the operation of
the Kaki Bukit plant. This was not a reasonable cause of action to adopt since
a plant breakdown must have been a foreseeable event, especially when only one
plant was being utilised.

80 The Defendant’s argument that there was no contractual requirement to
provide a back-up plant is misconceived. Where a party seeks to rely on a
_force majeure_ clause, the law places a burden on it to satisfy the court
that it falls within the scope and ambit of that clause. In a related vein,
the party must also show that there was truly nothing it could have done to
avoid the operation of the event or to mitigate its results. This is merely an
extension of the general principle that a party must be strictly held to its
contractual obligations and should only be released from them where
supervening events make it _impossible_ , and not merely _onerous_ , to fulfil
them. As noted at [57] above, the words “frustration” or “ _force majeure_ ”
typically connote some sort of _impossibility_ on the defendant’s part to
perform his contractual obligations. More importantly, this general principle
has been clearly embodied within the _force majeure_ clauses in the Contract –
in particular, by the need for the Defendant to show that the plant breakdowns
were not only “unforeseen” but also (and this, in fact, follows logically)
that such breakdowns were “beyond the supplier’s [the Defendant’s] control”.
In this regard, the fact that the Contract may not have provided for all
possible eventualities in the event of the Defendant’s breach does not, and
cannot, extinguish the Defendant’s duty to mitigate the results of the
supervening event.

**_Conclusion_**

81 In sum, _even if_ the Defendant had specifically pleaded circumstances of
_force majeure_ , it would nevertheless not have been exempted from liability
under the Contract. The Defendant’s appeal on this issue is therefore
dismissed, whilst the Plaintiff’s appeal is allowed. In the result, we find
that the Defendant is liable for _all_ the cost differentials incurred as a
result of non- or short supply between 18 November 2004 and 5 April 2005.

**Issue (d) – Was the Defendant entitled to suspend supply of concrete on 5
April 2005?**

82 On 5 April 2005, the Defendant suspended its supply of concrete to the
Plaintiff due to non-payment for all concrete supplied up to February 2005 and
this included the non-payment of the 5% retention sum. This suspension of
supply was effected pursuant to cl K of Appendix 1A of the Defendant’s revised
quotation (incorporated by cl 5 of the same), which provides as follows:

K. The Supplier reserves the right to suspend the supply of concrete to the
Purchaser without notice in the event of the Purchaser exceeding the credit
limit or defaulting on payment beyond the credit term and in recovering such
outstanding payment, plus all resulting legal costs and expenses and interest
accrued.

Clause 4 of the Defendant’s revised quotation provides as follows:

**4\. PAYMENT TERM**

The term of payment is **30 days**.

[emphasis in original]

83 It is necessary to examine the various deductions made by the Plaintiff.
They consisted of the following items (as set out in the GD at [111]):

**No.** |  **Item**  
---|---  
1 |  Safety fine imposed on 11 May 2004  
2 |  T Y Lin design check cost for poor concrete  
3 |  LTA cost omission of poor concrete supplied for 16 panels affected by low cube strength  
4 |  Cost differentials from obtaining concrete from alternative suppliers: (a) from 7 July 2004 to 17 November 2004 (b) from 18 November 2004 to 5 April 2005  
5 |  6% administrative charge imposed by the Plaintiff  
6 |  Standby cost of batching plant due to non-delivery of concrete on 27 February 2005  
7 |  Retention sum of 5%  
  
84 We have already held above that the Plaintiff is entitled to claim, and
accordingly deduct, the cost differentials incurred between 7 July 2004 and 5
April 2005 (Item 4 in the above table). The Defendant also does not dispute
that the Plaintiff is entitled to deduct Item 2 and withhold Item 7. In
particular, cl 7 of the Plaintiff’s letter of intent allows the Plaintiff to
retain 5% of all payments due to the Defendant until two months after 30 June
2006.

85 However, the Defendant strongly disputed liability for the 6%
administrative charge unilaterally imposed by the Plaintiff (Item 5). In a
letter sent on 6 April 2005 from the Plaintiff to all its sub-contractors, the
Defendant was notified that the Plaintiff would impose a 6% administrative
charge for additional administrative and accounting work undertaken by the
Plaintiff. The Plaintiff then proceeded to retrospectively impose the 6%
administrative charge on the cost differentials incurred between 7 July 2004
and 5 April 2005 and deducted the same from the outstanding payments owed to
the Defendant.

86 In our view, the Plaintiff was _not_ entitled to _unilaterally_ or
_retrospectively_ impose the 6% administrative charge on the Defendant. Such
an administrative charge was not provided for in the Contract and it was not
suggested that it operated as an implied term of the Contract. Further, no
evidence was tendered that the unilateral imposition of such charges was a
market practice. In sum, there was absolutely no basis for the imposition of
the administrative charge. As a result, the Plaintiff had wrongfully withheld
this sum from the Defendant. On this basis alone, we find that the Defendant
was entitled to suspend its supply, and it is therefore unnecessary to
consider Items 1, 3 and 6 which were not, apparently and in any event, dealt
with expressly by the Judge in the GD. The Plaintiff’s appeal on this issue is
therefore dismissed.

**Issue (e) – Was the Plaintiff entitled to terminate the Contract on 30 May
2005?**

**_Background and issues_**

87 On 30 May 2005, pursuant to cl 8 of the Plaintiff’s letter of intent (set
out at [8] above), the Plaintiff terminated the Contract on two grounds:

(a) that the Defendant had continuously fallen short in supply and/or was
unable to supply the concrete when ordered by the Plaintiff; and/or

(b) that the Defendant’s supply was unable to meet the LTA’s requirements.

88 The Judge held that the Plaintiff was entitled to terminate the Contract on
both grounds. The Defendant appealed on both findings. We propose to discuss
each ground separately. Before proceeding to do so, however, it would be
helpful to first briefly outline the _general legal position_ with respect to
a _breach of contract_ at _common law_ – not least because this is a confused
and confusing area of contract law. It is nevertheless one of the key areas of
the law of contract that often arises – and in a practical context as well. It
therefore stands in urgent need of clarification, not least in the local
context.

**_General position at common law_**

89 We consider, first, the general right to terminate a contract for breach
and, secondly, the right to claim damages.

_The general right to terminate a contract for breach_

(1) The various situations

90 Turning to the first issue, it is important to note, at the outset, that,
in the event of a breach of contract, there is _no automatic_ legal right
conferred on the innocent party to the contract (_viz_ , the party who is not
in breach of contract) to elect to treat the contract as discharged (_ie_ , to
terminate the contract). The circumstances under which such a party is
entitled to elect to terminate the contract at common law depends on which
particular situation exists. These situations (_shorn of more specific and
difficult legal issues, as well as special rules with respect to certain
specific types of contracts_) can be classified into two broad categories. The
first broad category is clear and comprises one situation only. The second
comprises three situations, the last two of which (whilst distinct) may
(depending on the precise facts of the case at hand) conflict with each other.
The two broad categories as well as the specific situations therein may be
summarised as follows:

_(A) WHERE THE CONTRACT CLEARLY AND UNAMBIGUOUSLY PROVIDES FOR THE EVENT OR
EVENTS PURSUANT TO WHICH THE INNOCENT PARTY IS ENTITLED TO TERMINATE THE
CONTRACT_

91 The _first broad category_ (**Situation 1**) deals with the situation where
the contract clearly and unambiguously states that, in the event of a certain
event or events occurring, the innocent party will be entitled to terminate
the contract. A _clear_ example of this is, in fact, cl 8 of the Plaintiff’s
letter of intent in the present appeal (set out at [8] above). Hence, the
other situations are not directly applicable in the present appeal. However,
for the sake of completeness and, more importantly, because this entire area
is, as already mentioned, one of the more significant (yet complex) areas of
the law of contract and there is little by way of clarification in the local
case law, we set out briefly the remaining situations as well.

_(B) WHERE THE CONTRACT DOES_ NOT _CLEARLY AND UNAMBIGUOUSLY PROVIDE FOR THE
EVENT OR EVENTS PURSUANT TO WHICH THE INNOCENT PARTY IS ENTITLED TO TERMINATE
THE CONTRACT_

(I) INTRODUCTION

92 The _second broad category_ deals with the situation where the contract
does _not_ clearly and unambiguously refer to the right to terminate the
contract (_unlike_ Situation 1 above). Under this broad category, there are at
least _three possible situations_ under which the innocent party may elect to
terminate the contract. The first (Situation 2) is separate and distinct from
both Situation 1 above as well as the other two situations under this broad
category (Situations 3(a) and 3(b), respectively). The two last-mentioned
situations (_viz_ , Situations 3(a) and 3(b)), although separate and distinct,
may (under certain fact situations) conflict with each other.

(II) SITUATION 2

93 In the _first_ situation under this broad category (**Situation 2** ,
overall), where a party, by his words or conduct, simply _renounces_ its
contract inasmuch as it clearly conveys to the other party to the contract
that it _will not perform its contractual obligations at all_ , that other
party (_viz_ , the innocent party to the contract) is entitled to terminate
the contract.

94 It should be noted that we do not consider here the more complex situation
where the party allegedly renouncing the contract _bona fide_ (albeit
_erroneously_) concludes that it was justified in not proceeding with the
contract (for a recent discussion of this specific issue, see the Singapore
High Court decision of _GIB Automation_ _Pte Ltd v Deluge Fire Protection
(SEA) Pte Ltd_ [2007] 2 SLR 918, especially at [76]–[77] (and the authorities
cited therein – in particular, the leading House of Lords decision of _Woodar
Investment Development Ltd v Wimpey Construction UK Ltd_ [1980] 1 WLR 277)).

95 There is also a suggestion in a leading textbook that where a contracting
party _deliberately_ chooses and is, indeed, “determined” to perform its part
of the contract “only in a manner substantially inconsistent with his
obligations” (_per_ Lord Wright in the House of Lords decision of _Ross T
Smyth & Co, Ltd v T D Bailey, Son & Co_ [1940] 3 All ER 60 at 72, which is
termed “substantial breach” by the author) then that, too, will also justify
the innocent party’s termination of the contract (see Sir Guenter Treitel,
_The Law of Contract_ (Sweet & Maxwell, 11th Ed, 2003) at p 809 (and the
authorities cited therein)). With respect, however, and having regard to the
substance of (and, more importantly, controversy in relationship between)
_Situations 3(a) and 3(b)_ below, the preferable view, in our opinion, appears
to be that whether or not the innocent party is entitled to terminate the
contract concerned will depend, in the final analysis, upon whether or not the
tests pursuant to _Situations 3(a) and 3(b)_ below are satisfied _and in the
manner or order proposed below_.

96 We acknowledge, however, that there is some merit in Prof Treitel’s
suggestion inasmuch as it can be argued that if the defaulting party chooses
to perform the contract in a manner substantially inconsistent with its
contractual obligations, it is, in _substance and effect_ , renouncing the
contract concerned. However, not having heard detailed arguments on this
point, we will leave it open for further consideration should a suitable
occasion arise in the future. It is interesting to note, however, that if the
approach proffered below is adopted, the _same_ result would, in _substance_ ,
be achieved. In other words, and anticipating somewhat in advance the analysis
that is to follow, if the party in breach had breached a condition of the
contract, the innocent party would be entitled to terminate the contract but
if the party in breach had breached a warranty instead, the innocent party
would still be entitled to terminate the contract if there had been a
_substantial breach_.

(III) SITUATION 3(A) – CONDITION/WARRANTY APPROACH

97 In the _second_ situation (**Situation 3(a)**), the focus is on the _nature
of the term_ breached and, in particular, whether the _intention of the
parties_ to the contract was _to designate that term_ as one that is _so
important_ that _any_ breach, _regardless_ of the _actual consequences_ of
such a breach, would _entitle_ the innocent party to _terminate_ the contract
(this is, however, not to say that the consequences of breach are irrelevant
inasmuch as the parties have, _ex hypothesi_ , envisaged, in _advance_ , _and
hypothetically_ , _serious_ consequences that could ensue in the event of the
breach of that particular term). In traditional legal terminology, such a term
would be termed a “ _condition_ ”.

98 If, _however_ , the intention of the parties to the contract was to
designate that term as one that is _not so important_ so that _no_ breach will
_ever_ entitle the innocent party to terminate the contract (_even if_ the
_actual_ consequences of such a breach are _extremely serious_), then such a
term would be termed a “ _warranty_ ” (see also, and in a more general vein,
the classic exposition by Bowen LJ (as he then was) in the leading English
Court of Appeal decision of _Bentsen v Taylor, Sons & Co_ [1893] 2 QB 274 at
281). This “condition-warranty approach” is in fact (in so far as the sale of
goods context is concerned) enshrined within the Sale of Goods Act (Cap 393,
1994 Rev Ed). It should be mentioned, at this juncture, that the innocent
party would (as we shall see below at [114]) nevertheless be entitled to all
the damages that it can establish in law.

(IV) SITUATION 3(B) – THE _HONGKONG FIR_ APPROACH

99 In the _third_ situation (**Situation 3(b)**), the focus is _not_ (as in
the second (Situation 3(a) above)) on the nature of the term breached (_ie_ ,
whether it is a “condition” or a “warranty”) but, rather, on _the nature and
consequences of the breach_. In particular, where the breach in question will
“give rise to an _event_ which _will deprive_ the party not in default [_viz_
, the innocent party] of _substantially the whole benefit_ which it was
_intended_ that he should obtain from the contract” [emphasis added], then the
innocent party is entitled to terminate the contract. The words just quoted
are from the oft-cited judgment of Diplock LJ (as he then was) in the seminal
English Court of Appeal decision of _Hongkong Fir Shipping Co Ltd v Kawasaki
Kisen Kaisha Ltd_ [1962] 2 QB 26 at 70 (“ _Hongkong Fir_ ”). Not surprisingly,
perhaps, this approach has been termed “the _Hongkong Fir_ approach”. It is an
approach under which the innocent party is entitled to terminate the contract
if the nature and consequences of the breach are so serious as to “go to the
root of the contract” (see the House of Lords decision of _Suisse Atlantique
Société d’Armement Maritime SA v NV Rotterdamsche Kolen Centrale_ [1967] 1 AC
361 at 422, _per_ Lord Upjohn) and constitutes a “fundamental breach” of
contract (see also _per_ Lord Diplock in the House of Lords decision of _Photo
Production Ltd v Securicor Transport Ltd_ [1980] AC 827 (“ _Photo Production_
”) at 849, where the learned law lord also referred to the concept of the
“condition” in the sense referred to in Situation 3(a) above).

100 One main difference between the condition-warranty approach in Situation
3(a) and the _Hongkong Fir_ approach in Situation 3(b) should be highlighted.
Under the condition-warranty approach, the paramount aim of the court is to
ascertain the parties’ intention in relation to the nature of the contractual
term _in advance_ , _viz_ , at the time of contracting. The innocent party’s
right to terminate the contract upon breach depends wholly on whether the term
is classified as a “condition” or a “warranty”. In contrast, the _Hongkong
Fir_ approach requires a confirmation of the right on the part of the innocent
party to terminate the contract _after the fact_ inasmuch as the parties have
to “wait and see” _what the nature and consequences of the breach actually
are_ (and see the reference by Lord Lowry in the House of Lords decision of
_Bunge Corporation, New York v Tradax Export SA, Panama_ [1981] 1 WLR 711 (“
_Bunge_ ”) at 719 to “[t]he ‘wait and see’ method”). Conceptually, at least,
the condition-warranty approach in Situation 3(a) above tends more towards
(especially commercial) certainty and predictability whilst the _Hongkong Fir_
approach (on the other hand) tends more towards fairness. This is essentially
because the _Hongkong Fir_ approach prevents a party from terminating the
contract on excessively technical grounds in a bid to escape from unfavourable
bargains. However, it should also be noted that it is _also fair_ to hold the
contracting parties to their bargain (under the condition-warranty approach)
and that, therefore, there is no sharp dichotomy as such between certainty and
predictability on the one hand and fairness on the other in so far as the two
approaches just mentioned are concerned. We will, in fact, elaborate on this
more below (at [102]–[110]). Further, as we have noted above, the condition-
warranty approach does not dispense with the concept of consequences
altogether (although that particular approach views the concept of
consequences of breach _in advance_ and, necessarily, therefore, from a
hypothetical perspective).

101 Notwithstanding the summary in the preceding paragraphs, and even leaving
aside the more specific legal difficulties that might arise (see, for example,
(a) the issues mentioned in Situation 2 above at [94]–[96]; (b) the criteria
to be utilised in ascertaining whether or not a particular term is a
“condition” under the condition-warranty approach; (c) some remaining issues
relating to the application of the _Hongkong Fir_ approach (see the recent
article by J W Carter, G J Tolhurst & Elisabeth Peden, “Developing the
Intermediate Term Concept” (2006) 22 JCL 268); as well as (d) the legal
position applicable to the situation where _both_ of the contracting parties
have breached the contract (as to which, see this court’s decision in _Jet
Holding Ltd v Cooper Cameron (Singapore) Pte Ltd_ [2006] 3 SLR 769, especially
at [94]–[99], and where the observations by Kerr LJ in the English Court of
Appeal decision of _State Trading Corporation of India Ltd v M Golodetz Ltd_
[1989] 2 Lloyd’s Rep 277 at 286 were cited and applied (at [98]))), there is,
nevertheless, a more _general_ difficulty that stems from the relationship (or
potential tension, rather) between Situation 3(a) and Situation 3(b) which has
been alluded to in the preceding paragraph. To this extent, the above summary
is _not_ a _final_ one, although it is very close to it. The _final_ summary
will in fact be set out later (at [111]–[113] below). It will, however, not
differ much from the one set out in the preceding paragraph, save that it
would embody clarification of the relationship between Situation 3(a) and
Situation 3(b). It is, in fact, to that specific issue that our attention must
now turn.

(2) The relationship between Situation 3(a) and Situation 3(b)

102 Notwithstanding the potential difficulties alluded to above (particularly
in Situation 3(b)), it should be noted that the approaches in Situations 3(a)
and 3(b) (comprising the condition-warranty approach and the _Hongkong Fir_
approach, respectively) are not necessarily incompatible with each other.
Indeed, there could be fact situations where the application of either
approach would make _no difference_. Take, for example, a situation where
there is a breach of a _condition_ which _simultaneously_ results in _the
deprivation vis-à-vis the innocent party of substantially the whole benefit_
that it was intended that the innocent party should obtain from the contract.
Take another example at the opposite end of the factual continuum – where
there is a breach of a _warranty_ which _simultaneously_ results in _very
trivial consequences only_.

103 _However_ , there could be situations where the application of either
approach could produce _different_ (indeed, _diametrically opposed_) results.
Take, for example, a situation where there is a breach of _condition_ (which
would entitle the innocent party to terminate the contract under the
condition-warranty approach) _but_ which _simultaneously_ results in _very
trivial consequences only_ (which would _not_ entitle the innocent party to
terminate the contract under the _Hongkong Fir_ approach). In contrast, take
another situation where there is a breach of _warranty_ (which would _not_
entitle the innocent party to terminate the contract under the condition-
warranty approach) _but_ which _simultaneously_ results in _the deprivation
vis-à-vis the innocent party of substantially the whole benefit_ that it was
intended that the innocent party should obtain from the contract (which
_would_ entitle the innocent party to terminate the contract under the
_Hongkong Fir_ approach).

104 The added complexity is that the _Hongkong Fir_ approach is often thought
of as applying to a term which is _neither_ a condition _nor_ a warranty, but
which is (instead) an _intermediate or hybrid_ term (hereafter referred to as
an “ _intermediate_ ” term, although, on other occasions, the nomenclature “
_innominate_ ” term is used: see, for example, the House of Lords decisions of
_Bunge_ ([100] _supra_ at 726); _Torvald Klaveness A/S v Arni Maritime
Corporation_ [1994] 1 WLR 1465 (“ _The Gregos_ ”) at 1476; as well as the
English Court of Appeal decisions of _Alfred McAlpine Plc v BAI (Run-Off) Ltd_
[2000] 1 Lloyd’s Rep 437 at [32] and _The Seaflower_ [2001] 1 Lloyd’s Rep 341
at [13] and [63]). On occasion, the nomenclature “intermediate” term and
“innominate” term are used interchangeably (see, for example, _Bunge_ (at 717)
and _The Seaflower_ (at [15]); as Lord Lowry aptly put it in _Bunge_ (at 719):

It is “intermediate” because it lies in the middle _between_ a condition and a
warranty (just as the remedy for its breach lies somewhere between the
remedies for breach of a condition and breach of a warranty), and it is
“innominate” because it is not _called_ a condition or a warranty but assumes
the character of each in turn. [emphasis in original]

105 An _intermediate_ term is, as an integral part of the _Hongkong Fir_
approach, defined (unlike the condition or warranty) _not_ by reference to the
_nature of the term breached_ but, rather, by reference to the _actual
consequences of the breach_ (what Lord Wilberforce termed in _Bunge_ ( at 716)
as “the ‘gravity of the breach’ approach”). More specifically, an intermediate
term is defined as one which is _neither_ a condition _nor_ a warranty simply
because a breach of it _could give rise to either very substantial or to very
trivial consequences_. Unfortunately, however, such an approach _effectively
and practically obliterates_ the distinction between a condition and a
warranty because the breach of _virtually any_ _term_ could give rise to
either very substantial or to very trivial consequences (and see the
observations by Megaw LJ at the Court of Appeal stage of _Bunge_ in _Bunge
Corpn v Tradax SA_ [1981] 2 All ER 513 at 537). In other words, a wholesale
adoption of the _Hongkong Fir_ approach in the manner just described would
result in its _complete eclipse_ of the condition-warranty approach. We are of
the view, however, that this should _not_ be the case. There is an appropriate
legal role for _both_ approaches. Let us elaborate.

106 In determining whether an innocent party is entitled to terminate a
contract upon breach, the _foremost_ consideration is (and must be) _to give
effect to the intentions of the contracting parties_. If so, then the
condition-warranty approach must _take precedence_ over the _Hongkong Fir_
approach because (as we have seen at [100] above), it is premised on the
intentions of the contracting parties themselves. Thus, in _Bunge_ (at 716),
Lord Wilberforce expressly cautioned that the _Hongkong Fir_ approach would be
_unsuitable_ in cases where the parties had evinced an intention that the
contractual obligation was to have the force of a condition. In such cases,
regardless of the consequences of the breach, the innocent party would be
entitled to terminate the contract.

107 If, however, the term breached is a _warranty_ , we are of the view that
the innocent party is not thereby prevented from terminating the contract (as
it would have been entitled so to do if the condition-warranty approach
operated _alone_). Considerations of _fairness_ demand, in our view, that the
_consequences_ of the breach should _also_ be examined by the court, _even if_
the term breached is only a warranty (as opposed to a condition). There would,
of course, be no need for the court to examine the consequences of the breach
if the term breached was a _condition_ since, _ex hypothesi_ , the breach of a
condition would (as we have just stated) entitle the innocent party to
terminate the contract in the first instance. Hence, it is only in a situation
where the term breached would otherwise constitute a _warranty_ that the court
would, as a question of _fairness_ , go _further_ and examine the
_consequences_ of the breach as well. In the result, if the consequences of
the breach are such as to deprive the innocent party of _substantially the
whole benefit_ that it was intended that the innocent party should obtain from
the contract, then the innocent party _would_ be entitled to terminate the
contract, _notwithstanding_ that it only constitutes a _warranty_. If,
however, the consequences of the breach are only _very trivial_ , then the
innocent party would _not_ be entitled to terminate the contract.

108 It is true that the approach adopted in the preceding paragraph would, _in
effect_ , result in the concept of the _warranty_ , as we know it, being
effectively effaced since there would virtually _never_ be a situation in
which there would be a term, the breach of which would _always_ result in
_only trivial consequences_. In other words, if a term was not a condition
under the condition-warranty approach, it would necessarily become an
_intermediate_ term, subject to the _Hongkong Fir_ approach (see, in this
regard, the perceptive observations by Robert Goff J (as he then was) in the
English High Court decision of _The Ymnos_ [1982] 2 Lloyd’s Rep 574 at 583).
In other words, the traditional three-fold classification of contractual terms
(comprising conditions, warranties and intermediate terms, respectively) would
be a merely theoretical one only. _However_ , the concept of the intermediate
term was itself only fully developed _many years after_ the condition-warranty
approach (in _Hongkong Fir_). Further, and more importantly (from a practical
perspective), it should also be observed that the _spirit_ behind the concept
of the warranty would _still remain_ in appropriate fact situations inasmuch
as the innocent party would not be entitled to terminate the contract if the
consequences of the breach were found to be trivial (although it would, as we
shall see, be entitled to damages that it could establish at law). As
importantly, this last-mentioned result, _viz_ , the right to claim damages,
is precisely that which would have obtained, in any event, had the court found
that the term concerned was a warranty under the condition-warranty approach.

109 Most importantly, the approach which seems to us to be most appropriate
(and as set out at [106]–[107] above) not only integrates the condition-
warranty approach and the _Hongkong Fir_ approach in their formal aspects but
also achieves a judicious balance between predictability and certainty on the
one hand and fairness on the other. Indeed, as alluded to above (at [100]),
the condition-warranty approach itself does _not_ (contrary to popular
perception) sacrifice fairness at the altar of certainty and predictability.
On the contrary, by giving effect to the intentions of the contracting parties
(as to whether or not a term ought to be a “condition” or a “warranty”), the
condition-warranty approach is, looked at in this light, _itself_ a
manifestation of _fairness_ _between the contracting parties_ – whilst
_simultaneously_ achieving certainty and predictability, as far as the facts
of the case at hand will allow. _Further_ , by _integrating_ the _Hongkong
Fir_ approach with the condition-warranty approach, rather than discarding the
former out of hand, the aim of achieving _fairness_ is _further enhanced_ and,
indeed, maximised by extending the inquiry and looking at the seriousness of
the consequences of the breach _even where the term breached is not a
condition_.

110 The approach which we have adopted in the present appeal also has support
in decisions from the House of Lords: see, for example, _Bunge_ ([100]
_supra_) and _The Gregos_ ([104] _supra_). Reference may, in addition, be made
to the English Court of Appeal decisions of _The Seaflower_ ([104] _supra_)
and _Universal Bulk Carriers Ltd v Andre et Cie_ [2001] 2 Lloyd’s Rep 65; as
well as the leading Commonwealth work on breach of contract, J W Carter,
_Breach of Contract_ (The Law Book Company Limited, 2nd Ed, 1991) at para 424
and the recent article by Carter, Tolhurst & Peden ([101] _supra_) at 270 and
272.

(3) Conclusion

111 To summarise, the situations under which an innocent party to a contract
may elect to terminate the contract are set out at [91]–[101] above (and cover
four distinct situations, _viz_ , Situations 1, 2, 3(a) and 3(b),
respectively).

112 In so far as any potential tension (arising from the precise facts of the
case) between Situation 3(a) and Situation 3(b) is concerned, the approach in
Situation 3(a) (_viz_ , the condition-warranty approach) should be _applied
first_. If the term is a _condition_ , then the innocent party would be
entitled to terminate the contract. _However_ , if the term is a _warranty_
(instead of a condition), then the court should nevertheless proceed to apply
the approach in Situation 3(b) (_viz_ , the _Hongkong Fir_ approach).

113 It may be useful to summarise the position diagrammatically as well, as
follows:

**SITUATIONS ENTITLING AN INNOCENT PARTY TO TERMINATE THE CONTRACT AT COMMON
LAW**

SITUATION |  CIRCUMSTANCES IN WHICH TERMINATION IS LEGALLY JUSTIFIED |  RELATIONSHIP TO OTHER SITUATIONS  
---|---|---  
I _Express_ Reference **to the Right to Terminate** and **What will Entitle
the Innocent Party to Terminate the Contract**  
1 |  **The contractual term breached clearly states that, in the event of certain event or events occurring, the innocent party is entitled to terminate the contract.** |  **None – it operates _independently of all other_ situations. In other words —** **Situations 2, 3(a) and 3(b) (_ie_ , all the situations in II, below) are _not_ relevant.**  
II _No_ Express Reference **to the Right to Terminate** and **What will
Entitle the Innocent Party to Terminate the Contract**  
2 |  **Party in breach** _renounces_ **the contract by clearly conveying to the innocent party that it** _will not perform**its contractual obligations** at all_**.** _Quaere_ **whether the innocent party can terminate the contract if the party in breach _deliberately_ chooses to perform its part of the contract in a manner that amounts to a _substantial breach._** |  **None – it operates _independently_ of _all other_ situations. In other words —  
** **Situation 1 is _not_ relevant.** **Situations 3(a) and 3(b) are _not_
relevant.**  
3(a) |  **Condition-warranty approach**  
**– Party in breach has breached a _condition_ of the contract (as opposed to a _warranty_).** |  **Should be applied** _before_ **the “ _Hongkong Fir_ Approach” in Situation (3)(b).** **Situation 1 is _not_ relevant.** **Situation 2 is _not_ relevant.**  
3(b) |  **_Hongkong Fir_** **approach** – **Party in breach which has committed a breach, the** _consequences_ **of which _will_** _deprive the innocent party of substantially the whole benefit**which it was intended that the innocent party should obtain from the contract**_**.** |  **Should be applied only** _after_ **the Condition-warranty approach in Situation (3)(a)_and_ if the term breached is _not_ found to be a _condition_.** **Situation 1 is _not_ relevant.** **Situation 2 is _not_ relevant.**  
  
_Damages are awarded as of right for every breach of contract_

114 This principle has already been dealt with above (at [40] above) and was
applied to issue (b) (which, it will be recalled, related to whether the
Plaintiff could claim for the cost differentials incurred during the
suspension period (between 7 July 2004 and 17 November 2004)). It is
nevertheless an important one which bears reiteration especially since it also
completes the present analysis of the general law relating to breach of
contract. To reiterate, even if the innocent party is not entitled to
terminate the contract, it will _always_ be entitled, subject to any
applicable legal conditions or constraints (such as the need to prove
substantive damage, as well as the legal rules and principles relating to
mitigation, remoteness of damages and limitation), to claim _damages as of
right_ for loss resulting from the breach (or breaches) of contract. It is
equally important to emphasise that the innocent party is entitled to claim
damages as of right even if it is entitled to terminate the contract and in
fact terminates it – subject, again, to any applicable legal conditions or
constraints.

**_A preliminary analysis_**

115 We turn, now, to apply the abovementioned principles to the facts of the
present appeal in relation to issue (e).

116 As already mentioned, the situation in the present case falls within the
ambit of _Situation 1_ above inasmuch as cl 8 of the Plaintiff’s letter of
intent _expressly_ states, _inter alia_ , that “ _[i]n the event that_ [the
Defendant’s] supply is unable to meet LTA’s requirements, _or_ [the Defendant
is] unable to continue [its] supply, _[the Plaintiff] reserves the right to
terminate [the Defendant’s] contract_ and retain and use both the retention
sum and any outstanding payment due to [the Defendant] to seek for alternative
source of supply” [emphasis added].

117 Significantly, there is _no_ reference in cl 8 with respect to the
seriousness of the _consequences_ of the defendant’s failure _vis-à-vis_
either or both of the events mentioned therein. In any event, the _Hongkong
Fir_ approach in Situation 3(b) above is _not_ relevant because of the express
reference to the right to terminate in cl 8 itself.

118 It is also significant to note that, strictly speaking, cl 8 has the
_same_ _substantive_ effect as a condition under the condition-warranty
approach in Situation 3(a) above. _However_ , it is _different_ from a
condition, strictly so called, because it _expressly provides_ that the
innocent party (here, the Plaintiff) is entitled to terminate the contract
upon the happening of the stated events. In a typical situation where the
condition-warranty approach is invoked, it is usually _unclear_ what the
contracting parties’ intentions are with respect to the nature of that
particular term, _viz_ , whether, in the event of a breach of that term, the
term is regarded by the parties as so serious as to entitle the innocent party
to terminate the Contract (_ie_ , that the term is to be a _condition_), or
_vice versa_ (in which case the term is to be a _warranty_). Clause 8 requires
_no_ such inquiry; it is _clear_ that the innocent party can terminate
provided that there has been a failure by the defendant _vis-à-vis_ either or
both of the events mentioned therein.

119 It remains to be observed that cl 8 does _not_ fall within the ambit of
Situation 2 above because the Defendant had clearly _not_ renounced the
Contract inasmuch as it had _not_ announced to the Plaintiff that it would not
perform its (the Defendant’s) contractual obligations _at all_. Indeed, even
after the Defendant suspended supply of concrete on 5 April 2005, it
maintained that it was ready to resume supply as soon as the Plaintiff paid
the outstanding amounts allegedly due to the Defendant.

120 We turn now to the specific grounds stipulated in cl 8 itself. As already
noted above, if either or both of the grounds stipulated in that particular
clause exist on the facts, the Plaintiff would clearly be entitled to
terminate the contract (pursuant to _Situation 1_ above).

**_The Defendant’s inability to supply_**

121 Turning to the first ground, the Judge found, in essence, that there were
several instances where the Defendant had failed to provide alternative dates
and timings to the Plaintiff when it could not fulfil the Plaintiff’s orders
(see the GD at [121]). Since the Defendant would (or should) have known that
it was unable to fulfil the Plaintiff’s orders on the day of casting itself,
the Judge held that the onus was on the Defendant to inform the Plaintiff of
the non-supply when the Plaintiff confirmed its orders.

122 On appeal before us, the Defendant argued that the Plaintiff was not
entitled to terminate the Contract because, _as at 30 May 2005_ , the
Defendant was in fact able to continue supply under the Contract, but did not
do so because it had, on 5 April 2005, suspended supply _on the basis of the
Plaintiff’s non-payment_. Further, the plant breakdowns were only sporadic and
temporary in nature, and lasted for a very short period each time. In essence,
the Defendant argued that it could clearly continue its supply as long as the
Plaintiff paid its outstanding debts.

123 The Defendant’s argument is clearly misconceived because the Defendant’s
suspension of supply due to non-payment was _not_ the basis on which the
Plaintiff invoked cl 8. Instead, the Plaintiff relied on the fact that,
between November 2004 and March 2005, there were numerous occasions on which
the Defendant failed to supply concrete pre-ordered by the Plaintiff. Further,
there were many instances in which the Defendant neither gave reasons for the
non- or short supply nor provided alternative delivery dates and times. A
quick perusal of the numerous complaints registered by the Plaintiff would
show that the breakdowns were not as “temporary” or “sporadic” as the
Defendant claimed. In fact, we have noted above that the Defendant had failed
on _no fewer than 42 occasions_ to supply the concrete ordered by the
Plaintiff. Returning to the precise language of the Contract, cl 8 affords the
right of termination to the Plaintiff when the Defendant was “unable to
_continue_ ” [emphasis added] its supply. Clearly, the word “continue”
connotes uninterrupted supply. In our view, the sporadic interruptions
constituted non-continuous and interrupted supply that would therefore entitle
the Plaintiff to terminate the Contract.

124 In reply, counsel for the Defendant, Mr Por, strenuously advanced the
argument that the Defendant’s _sole_ obligation under the Contract was to
supply 70,000m3 of cement during the contract period. The implication of this
argument is that the Defendant would be absolved from all liability arising
from the occasions on which it was unable to supply the concrete ordered by
the Plaintiff during the contract period. This was because, as Mr Por argued,
there was no “priority term” in the Contract and thus the Plaintiff was not
entitled to priority supply. The Plaintiff would have to take its place in the
queue with the Defendant’s other customers and would be supplied on a first
come, first served basis. Mr Por argued that where the Defendant had
insufficient concrete to supply to the Plaintiff, it was always open to the
Plaintiff to purchase concrete from alternative suppliers _at its own cost_ ,
and the Defendant should not be liable for any cost differentials resulting
therefrom.

125 With respect, we are unable to accept this argument. At the outset, we
note that scant evidence was tendered to demonstrate the existence of the
alleged queue system and, even if it existed, whether it was strictly adhered
to. In the trial court, only oral evidence was led and there was a conspicuous
lack of documentary evidence as to how the Defendant processed its orders
daily. We therefore entertain grave doubts with regard to the Defendant’s
argument, and question whether the Defendant had chosen, instead, to supply
concrete to other customers who were willing to pay a higher price over
supplying to the Plaintiff, who enjoyed preferential fixed rates under the
Contract. Indeed, the Judge noted that the Defendant offered “rock bottom
prices” to the Plaintiff and suffered a “budgeted loss” on the Contract (see
the GD at [137], reproduced at [74] above). It is therefore unsurprising that
the Defendant would be reluctant to absorb the Plaintiff’s direct losses
relating to non- or short supply.

126 Indeed, even if we accept the existence of a queue system, as a matter of
business efficacy or based on the test of the officious bystander, it must
have been an implied term of the Contract that, subject to circumstances of
_force majeure_ and notwithstanding the queue system implemented by the
Defendant, the Defendant was contractually obliged to satisfy the orders
placed by the Plaintiff for the purchase of concrete in a _timely_ fashion. It
could not have been the intention of the parties that the Plaintiff would
literally be at the “mercy” of the Defendant’s queue system and have to turn
to alternative suppliers at its own expense each and every time the Plaintiff
“lost” its priority in the Defendant’s queue system, especially since the
Plaintiff was working according to parameters laid down by the LTA. Indeed, we
find it inconceivable that any party in the Plaintiff’s position would enter
into such a contract on such a basis.

127 As no unassailable objective evidence was tendered to prove that the
Defendant truly could not supply the Plaintiff’s requirements because the
Plaintiff was at the “back of the queue”, we express concern that the
Defendant was allocating supply to the Plaintiff on an arbitrary basis.
Indeed, in each of the 42 instances that the Defendant failed to supply the
Plaintiff’s orders, there was no documentary evidence showing the Plaintiff’s
position in the Defendant’s queue. Indeed, if the Defendant’s queue system was
strictly implemented, there had to come a point in time when the Plaintiff’s
orders reached the front of the queue. Yet, no evidence was produced as to the
outcome of the Plaintiff’s orders that were at the “back of the queue” and
were hence not fulfilled.

**_The Defendant’s inability to meet the LTA’s requirements_**

128 Turning to the second ground, it was a term of the Contract that the
concrete supplied by the Defendant should comply with the LTA’s standards.
Clause 3 of the Plaintiff’s letter of intent provides as follows:

Not withstanding [_sic_] the Terms and Conditions of Supply in your quotation,
you are fully aware and will comply with LTA’s latest revision of Materials
and Workmanship Specification for Civil and Structural Works at no extra cost.

129 The LTA’s specifications are contained under ch 11 of the _Materials and
Workmanship Specification for Civil and Structual Works_ (Land Transport
Authority, Revision A4, September 2001) (“LTA Materials Specification”).
Clause 11.5.5 provides that cubes from the trial batches shall be tested at an
age of 28 days. The average strength of the cubes tested at 28 days shall
exceed the specified characteristic strength by at least 7N/mm2. Clause
11.12.3 provides as follows:

The temperature differential between the warmer interior portion and the
cooler surface portion of the thick element shall be limited to prevent early
thermal cracking due to heat of hydration… The maximum temperature within the
element shall not exceed 70°C.

130 The LTA therefore required concrete to pass the strength tests at 28 days
and at a peak core temperature below 70°C.

131  In addition, cl 4 of the Plaintiff’s letter of intent also provides as
follows:

You guarantee that the temperature control criteria will be met with the use
of PBFC concrete with chilled water as offered in your quotation, whether it
is for 28 or 56 days strength mix. Layer concreting to meet the criteria is
not acceptable.

132 Tests conducted on concrete supplied by the Defendant for 56 days strength
passed the requisite peak core temperature of 70°C. The mixes, however, failed
to pass the test for concrete of 28 days strength. The Plaintiff’s case was
that, up till 30 May 2005, the Defendant was still unable to comply with the
LTA’s requirements. It therefore terminated the Contract on this ground. The
Judge held that the Plaintiff had discharged its burden of proving that it was
entitled to terminate the Contract (see the GD at [134] and [135]).

133  According to the Defendant, the requirements of 70°C and 28 days strength
could only be achieved in concrete slabs of “normal” thickness (which was
defined by the Defendant as being up to 500mm). The Defendant argued, first,
that these requirements were incompatible and impractical for thick slabs
which the Plaintiff required to be cast (about 2,000mm). It emphasised that it
was only informed of the thickness of the slabs _after_ the Contract was
formed. Notably, the Defendant proposed to change the peak core temperature to
80°C but this was rejected by the LTA. Secondly, it also argued that, as the
LTA had later agreed to accept concrete that passed the 56 days strength test,
the Defendant was therefore no longer under any contractual obligation to meet
the 28 days strength requirement.

134 We are unable to accept the Defendant’s argument. The terms of the
Contract are clear. Clause 3 incorporates the LTA’s specifications, which
specifically requires the Defendant to satisfy the strength test at 28 days
and 70°C peak core temperature. It is trite that contractual liability is
strict. In general, it is immaterial why the defendant failed to fulfil its
obligation; it certainly could not plead the defence that it had done its
best: see the House of Lords decision of _Raineri v Miles_ ([40] _supra_ at
1086). On the facts, we reject the Defendant’s arguments that the LTA
specifications were impractical or even impossible for three reasons.

135 Firstly, the evidence was that alternative concrete suppliers such as Pan
United and Island Concrete Pte Ltd were able to comply with both of the LTA
specifications. Chan Ying Wah, who was the general manager of Pan United,
confirmed in his affidavit that:

… Pan United was able to comply with LTA’s specification for concrete strength
28 days and 56 days at peak temperature not exceeding 70 degree celsius. Pan
United had supplied concrete complying wit this requirement to Sato Kogyo.

136 Secondly, the Defendant’s argument that it was unaware that the concrete
was to be used to construct thick slabs is, with respect, spurious. Paragraph
11.12 of the LTA Materials Specification (under which can be found para
11.12.3 which provides for a peak core temperature of 70°C) is titled
“CONCRETING OF THICK SECTIONS”. Further, the Defendant knew that the concrete
was required for the construction of an underground MRT station and, as
experienced participants in the industry, would have foreseen that concrete
slabs of considerable thickness would need to be cast accordingly.

137 Thirdly, evidence was given during cross-examination that it was not
standard industry practice for contractors to provide concrete suppliers with
construction drawings showing the specific structural elements to be cast at
the time the contract is signed. The usual terms discussed typically concern
concrete volume, period of supply and temperature control requirements. The
Defendant’s excuse that it was not notified, at the time of contracting, of
the thickness of the structural slabs is thus without basis as there was
generally no practice or requirement for the Plaintiff to do so.

138 In summary, we affirm the Judge’s decision that the Plaintiff was entitled
to terminate the Contract on the grounds that the Defendant was unable to meet
the LTA’s requirements and that it was unable to continue its supply.

**Conclusion**

139 To summarise:

(a) In so far as issue (a) (at [14] above) is concerned, we affirm the Judge’s
decision that the Contract was not an exclusive or sole supplier contract. The
Plaintiff’s appeal on this issue is therefore dismissed.

(b) In so far as issue (b) (at [14] above) is concerned, we hold that, under
cl 8 of the Plaintiff’s letter of intent, the Defendant is liable for _all_
the cost differentials incurred by the Plaintiff in obtaining concrete from an
alternative supplier during the suspension period (between 7 July 2004 and 17
November 2004). In particular, the termination of the Contract is not a
precondition to the Plaintiff’s right to claim direct costs from the Defendant
and the cost differentials concerned fall within the definition of the term
“direct cost” in cl 8. The Plaintiff’s appeal on this issue is therefore
allowed.

(c) In so far as issue (c) (at [14] above) is concerned, we hold that the
Defendant was not entitled to rely on the _force majeure_ clauses in the
Contract because this had not been specifically pleaded. Even if the defective
pleadings were not fatal to the Defendant’s case, the _force majeure_ clauses
nevertheless did _not_ apply so as to exempt the Defendant from liability to
the Plaintiff for the non-supply of concrete between 18 November 2004 and 5
April 2005. The Plaintiff’s appeal on this issue is therefore allowed, whilst
the Defendant’s appeal on this issue is dismissed. In the result, the
Defendant is liable to the Plaintiff for _all_ the cost differentials incurred
by the latter as a result of non- or short supply between 18 November 2004 and
5 April 2005.

(d) In so far as issue (d) (at [14] above) is concerned, as the Plaintiff is
not entitled to unilaterally and retrospectively impose the 6% administrative
charge, we find that the Defendant was entitled to suspend supply on 5 April
2005. The Plaintiff’s appeal on this issue is therefore dismissed.

(e) In so far as issue (e) (at [14] above) is concerned, we affirm the Judge’s
decision that the Plaintiff was entitled to terminate the Contract on 30 May
2005 on the grounds that the Defendant was unable to meet the LTA’s
requirements and that it was unable to continue its supply. The Defendant’s
appeal on this issue is therefore dismissed.

Finally, the exact quantum of damages to be awarded to the Plaintiff is to be
assessed by the Registrar if the parties are unable to agree thereon. The
Plaintiff is also entitled to interest on this sum at 3% per annum with effect
from 22 July 2005, which is the date the writ was filed.

140 In the circumstances, we dismiss CA 151 with costs and allow CA 152 in
part (with 50% of the costs of CA 152 to be awarded to the Plaintiff). The
costs orders of the Judge in the court below are to stand. Finally, the usual
consequential orders are to follow.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 29 Aug 2007 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

