Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (Publ), Singapore Branch v Asia Pacific
Breweries (Singapore) Pte Ltd and Other Appeals  
[2007] SGCA 9

Case Number | : | CA 17/2006, 18/2006, 19/2006, 20/2006  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 22 February 2007  
Tribunal/Court | : | Court of Appeal  
Coram | : |  Chan Sek Keong CJ; Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Steven Chong SC, Chew Ming Hsien Rebecca, Koh Mei Ping Lynette, Tay Yew Jin Lionel, Ng Wei-Chern Paul and Christopher Eng (Rajah & Tann) for the appellants in Civil Appeals Nos 17 and 18 of 2006; Alvin Yeo SC, Monica Chong, Sannie Sng and Tan Hsiang Yue (Wong Partnership) for the appellant in Civil Appeal No 19 of 2006; Tan Kok Quan SC and Siraj Omar (Tan Kok Quan Partnership) for the appellant in Civil Appeal No 20 of 2006; Davinder Singh SC, Hri Kumar, Yarni Loi, Kabir Singh and Shivani Retnam (Drew & Napier LLC) for the respondent   
Parties | : |  Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (Publ), Singapore Branch — Asia Pacific Breweries (Singapore) Pte Ltd   
  
Evidence – Documentary evidence – Private documents – Draft reports by lawyers
and accountants commissioned by directors of company after discovery of fraud
on company perpetuated by company's employee – Defrauded banks bringing action
against company and seeking order for disclosure of draft reports – Whether
draft reports protected by legal advice privilege and/or litigation privilege
– Whether privileged information forming integral part of draft reports –
Whether court should inspect draft reports to assess whether privileged
information contained therein – Sections 128, 131 Evidence Act (Cap 97, 1997
Rev Ed)  
  

22 February 2007  |  Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
**Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA (delivering the judgment of the court):**

**Introduction**

1 The present appeal raises several important legal issues with regard to both
legal advice privilege (under s 128 of the Evidence Act (Cap 97, 1997 Rev Ed)
(“the Act”)) as well as litigation privilege (under s 131 of the Act and the
common law). Indeed, as we shall see, the answers to these issues centre on a
consideration and analysis of both the relevant statutory language and common
law principles as well as the interaction between them. It would, however, be
appropriate to first set out the relevant factual matrix of the present
proceedings.

**The facts**

2 In January 1999, one Chia Teck Leng (“Chia”) was employed by the respondent,
Asia Pacific Breweries (Singapore) Pte Ltd (“APBS”), as its finance manager.
Between 1999 and September 2003, Chia used the name of APBS to obtain credit
and loan facilities from four foreign banks. He pleaded guilty to six charges
under s 467 of the Penal Code (Cap 224, 1985 Rev Ed) and eight charges under s
420 of the same. Chia is currently serving a custodial sentence of 42 years.

3 The present actions arose out of suits filed by the foreign banks against
APBS for the money that Chia had cheated them of. The plaintiff in Suit No 774
of 2004 (appellant in Civil Appeal No 17 of 2006) is Skandinaviska Enskilda
Banken AB (PUBL), Singapore Branch (“SEB”). SEB’s claim is approximately
US$26.6m, or alternatively S$45.3m.

4 The plaintiff in Suit No 775 of 2004 (appellant in Civil Appeal No 18 of
2006) is Mizuho Corporate Bank (“Mizuho”), which is claiming approximately
US$8m.

5 The plaintiff in Suit No 763 of 2004 (appellant in Civil Appeal No 19 of
2006) is Bayerische Hypo-Un Vereinsbank Aktiengesellschaft (“Hypo”), and its
claim is approximately US$32m.

6 The plaintiff in Suit No 781 of 2004 (appellant in Civil Appeal No 20 of
2006) is Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation, Singapore Branch (“Sumitomo”)
and its claim is approximately S$10.3m. The banks shall hereafter be
collectively referred to as “the appellant banks”.

7 On 2 September 2003, officers from the Commercial Affairs Department of the
Singapore Police Force (“CAD”) visited the premises of Asia Pacific Breweries
Limited (“APBL”), the parent company of APBS, to meet with senior officers of
APBL. CAD informed them that Chia had used bank accounts fraudulently opened
in the name of APBS by using forged documents and resolutions to borrow money
for his own use. On the same day, Chia was taken into custody. He was charged
two days later. APBS also received a letter from Mr Bernard Kong, a CAD
officer, ordering it to produce documents pursuant to an order under s 58 of
the Criminal Procedure Code (Cap 68, 1985 Rev Ed).

8 On 3 September 2003, APBS wrote to the appellant banks to ascertain if there
had been accounts opened in APBS’s name of which it had no prior knowledge. At
the same time, APBS requested all account opening documents and bank
statements in its name. The appellant banks were also instructed to
immediately suspend operation of the unauthorised accounts until further
notice.

9 Hypo wrote to APBS on 3 September 2003, informing APBS of the term loan of
US$30m borrowed in its name and that the first repayment of the principal
instalment plus interest was due on 25 September 2003.

10 APBS also heard from Sumitomo on 4 September 2003 terminating, with
immediate effect, a short term credit facility it had granted on 11 July 2001
to APBS. Sumitomo also demanded immediate repayment of the sum of
approximately S$10m by 5 September 2003.

11 On 4 September 2003, a special committee was constituted by APBL’s board of
directors (“the Special Committee”). The Special Committee immediately
appointed PricewaterhouseCoopers (“PWC”) and Drew and Napier LLC (“D&N”). APBL
made an announcement on MASNET (“the first MASNET announcement”) addressing
these events. The full text of the first MASNET announcement, which was
submitted by Mr Anthony Cheong Fook Seng (“Anthony Cheong”), the company
secretary of APBL, is as follows:

Asia Pacific Breweries Limited (“APBL”) wishes to announce that Mr Chia Teck
Leng, an employee of the Company, has been charged in the Subordinate Courts
today. Mr Chia is suspected of unauthorized opening and operating of bank
accounts in the name of Asia Pacific Breweries (Singapore) Pte Ltd (“APBS”), a
subsidiary company, during his tenure as Finance Manager of APBS. Mr Chia has
been suspended pending investigations.

Steps have been taken to freeze the unauthorized accounts.

A special committee of directors, comprising Mr Lee Yong Siang, Chairman of
Audit Committee of the Board of APBL, Mr Goh Yong Hong, another member of the
Audit Committee (both being independent directors) and Mr David Hazelwood, has
been appointed to oversee investigations and take any necessary actions.

The Company has also appointed Pricewaterhouse Coopers and Drew & Napier to
undertake the following:

• Identify the nature, circumstances and extent of any unauthorized
transactions;

• Quantify the financial impact of such unauthorized transactions;

• Assist the company in taking the necessary action to prevent such
unauthorized transactions;

• Subsequently, to conduct a review of the system of internal control and
procedures to prevent the occurrence of such unauthorized transactions in the
future.

12 On 24 September 2003, APBL released a second MASNET announcement (“the
second MASNET announcement”) entitled “Update on Investigations”. The full
text of the second MASNET announcement is as follows:

On 4 September 2003, Asia Pacific Breweries Limited (“the Company”) announced
that an employee of the Company had been charged in Court for opening and
operating bank accounts in the name of Asia Pacific Breweries (Singapore) Pte
Ltd (“APBS”) without authority. The Company also announced that it had
appointed PricewaterhouseCoopers (“PwC”) and Drew & Napier to assist the
Company in its investigation.

PwC have completed their review of significant cash transactions for a 4-year
period commencing in 1999.

The scope of PwC’s work included reviewing APBS’ accounting records, checking
all material cash receipts and payments for the relevant period. Their work
has revealed that unauthorised payments have been made from APBS’ bank
accounts. The aggregate of all such unauthorised payments match the aggregate
of payments into APBS’ bank accounts from the unauthorised accounts. All
material cash balances of APBS have been accounted for.

Claims against APBS have been asserted by the banks with respect to the
unauthorised transactions. The Company has sought legal advice on these claims
and has been advised that legal defences are available to APBS. APBS intends,
and has instructed its lawyers, Drew & Napier, to contest these claims
vigorously.

13 Preparation of the PWC draft reports pursuant to the first MASNET
announcement ceased sometime in late 2003 and a final report was never issued.
In early March 2004, the appellant banks made an application for pre-action
discovery against APBS, seeking disclosure of documents including the PWC
draft reports. APBS asserted privilege. The court dismissed the application on
the ground that the appellant banks had not demonstrated that the documents
sought were necessary for them to plead and commence an action against APBS
(see _Bayerische Hypo- und Vereinsbank AG v Asia Pacific Breweries (Singapore)
Pte Ltd_ [2004] 4 SLR 39).

14 In September 2004, the appellant banks commenced the present action against
APBS, claiming, _inter alia_ , that Chia had actual and/or apparent authority
to enter into unauthorised agreements with the appellant banks and that even
if there had been no contractual relationship between APBS and the appellant
banks, APBS should be vicariously liable for the fraudulent acts of Chia.

15 The appellant banks subsequently made applications against APBS for
specific discovery, including the production of the PWC draft reports. APBS
also made applications against each of the appellant banks for specific
discovery. The applications were heard by an assistant registrar, who ordered,
_inter alia_ , that the PWC draft reports be produced by APBS as they were not
privileged information. APBS appealed against this decision.

**The decision below**

16 The trial judge (“the Judge”) reversed the assistant registrar’s decision
on the ground that the PWC draft reports were protected by both legal advice
privilege and litigation privilege (see _Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB
(Publ), Singapore Branch v Asia Pacific Breweries (Singapore) Pte Ltd_ [2006]
3 SLR 441 (hereafter referred to as “GD”)).

17 The Judge found that legal advice privilege did not only apply to protect
communications between the Special Committee and D&N but extended to
communications between D&N and APBS as s 128 of the Act made no distinction
between communications made by an individual or a corporate client and those
made by an employee/agent of the individual or corporate client. Hence, the
PWC draft reports _prima facie_ fell within the ambit of legal advice
privilege.

18 The next issue was whether the element of confidentiality in the
communications between APBS and D&N had been lost because the communications
occurred in the presence of PWC, who was a third party to the solicitor–client
relationship. The Judge found that confidentiality had not been lost for two
reasons. Firstly, _both_ PWC and D&N owed an obligation of confidence to APBS.
This could be inferred from the joint appointment of PWC and D&N and the
degree of collaboration between PWC and D&N. Accordingly, the confidential
nature of the communications was not lost just because the communications were
disclosed in PWC’s presence. Further, each PWC draft report was a record of
the privileged communication and had the same sort of quality as the actual
communication itself. The PWC draft reports were likely to be so intertwined
with the legal advice and assistance given by D&N to PWC that these reports
became part of the privileged solicitor–client communications.

19 Secondly, PWC was APBS’s agent for communication. D&N and PWC had
collaborated as a team in order to fulfil the terms of their joint
appointment. Implicit from the lawyers’ and the accountants’ _joint_
appointment would be consent and authorisation from the client to each adviser
to request, give and receive information and views to and from the other.
Indeed, it would be unrealistic if this were not the case.

20 Turning to the applicability of litigation privilege, the Judge found that
the relevant time period to consider was the time when the PWC draft reports
were prepared. In this regard, the Judge had little doubt that APBS was aware
that litigation would ensue. Indeed, some of the appellant banks had sent
demand letters to APBS before the second MASNET announcement was made (see
[12] above). As regards the purpose of the PWC draft reports, the Judge held
that the confidential legal advice contained in the PWC draft reports was
prepared predominantly for the purpose of prospective litigation against APBS
(see GD at [48]). The PWC draft reports were required to determine whether
APBS could maintain its denial of liability for Chia’s unauthorised loans. The
making of recommendations on improving internal financial controls within APBS
was merely a subsidiary purpose of the PWC draft reports.

**The issues**

21 The issues in the present appeals mirrored the two bases for the Judge’s
decision in the court below. Put simply, were the PWC draft reports protected
by legal advice privilege (pursuant to s 128 of the Act) and/or litigation
privilege under the Act and/or under the common law?

22 Before we consider these issues, an examination of the nature of, as well
as relationship between, legal advice privilege on the one hand and litigation
privilege on the other would be both appropriate and helpful. This is
especially so not only in the light of the developments in law relating to
legal professional privilege in recent years, but also because business and
legal practices have changed and become more complex and wide-ranging. For
example, in the area of finance, lawyers do not necessarily limit their advice
only to the law. We turn first to examining the rationale of these two
privileges.

**The rationale underlying legal professional privilege**

23 Legal professional privilege is to be found in two principal forms – _viz_
, legal advice privilege and litigation privilege, respectively, and has been
firmly entrenched as part of the common law system of justice for centuries.
The two privileges are conceptually distinct although they overlap. However,
they both “serve a common cause: The secure and effective administration of
justice according to law”, and “they are complementary and not competing in
their operation (_per_ Fish J (delivering the judgment of McLachlin CJ and
Binnie, Deschamps, Fish and Abella JJ) in the Canadian Supreme Court decision
of _Minister of Justice v Sheldon Blank (Attorney General of Ontario, The
Advocates’ Society and Information Commissioner of Canada (Interveners))_
[2006] SCC 39 (“ _Minister of Justice_ ”) at [31]). A neat exposition of the
different rationales of these two related privileges is also provided by the
same judge in that case, as follows (at [26]–[27]):

[Legal advice privilege] recognizes that the justice system depends for its
vitality on full, free and frank communication between those who need legal
advice and those who are best able to provide it. Society has entrusted to
lawyers the task of advancing their clients’ cases with the skill and
expertise available only to those who are trained in the law. They alone can
discharge these duties effectively, but only if those who depend on them for
counsel may consult with them in confidence. The resulting confidential
relationship between solicitor and client is a necessary and essential
condition of the effective administration of justice.

Litigation privilege, on the other hand, is not directed at, still less,
restricted to communications between solicitor and client. It contemplates, as
well, communications between a solicitor and third parties or, in the case of
an unrepresented litigant, between the litigant and third parties. Its object
is to ensure the efficacy of the adversarial process and not to promote the
solicitor–client relationship. And to achieve this purpose, parties to
litigation, represented or not, must be left to prepare their contending
positions in private, without adversarial interference and fear of premature
disclosure.

24 Other judgments explaining the underlying rationale of the two privileges
are found in decisions spanning many courts and (more importantly) many
jurisdictions as well. These include the English decisions of _Greenough v
Gaskell_ (1833) 1 My & K 98 at 103–105; _Anderson v Bank of British Columbia_
(1876) 2 Ch D 644 at 649; _The Southwark and Vauxhall Water Company v Quick_
(1878) 3 QBD 315 at 317–320 and 322–323; _David Lyell v John Lawson Kennedy
(No 2)_ (1883) 9 App Cas 81 at 86 and 90; _O’Rourke v Darbishire_ [1920] AC
581 at 628; _Minter v Priest_ [1930] AC 558 at 566 and 579; _Lee v South West
Thames Regional Health Authority_ [1985] 1 WLR 845 at 850; _Ventouris v
Mountain_ [1991] 1 WLR 607 at 611; _Regina (Morgan Grenfell & Co Ltd) v
Special Commissioner of Income Tax_ [2003] 1 AC 563 at [7]; and _Three Rivers
District Council v Bank of England (No 6)_ [2005] 1 AC 610 (“ _Three Rivers No
6_ ”) at [24], [34], [52], [54] and [61]; the Bombay High Court decision of
_Muchershaw Bezonji v The New Dhurumsey Spinning and Weaving Company_ (1880) 4
ILR Bom 576 at 582–583; the Australian High Court decisions of _Baker v
Campbell_ (1983) 153 CLR 52 at 66, 115–116 and 129 as well as _Esso Australia
Resources Limited v Commissioner of Taxation of the Commonwealth of Australia_
(1999) 201 CLR 49 at [35] and [85]–[87]; the Canadian Supreme Court decision
of _Minister of Justice_ ([23] _supra_); and the Ontario Court of Appeal
decision of _General Accident Assurance Company v Chrusz_ (1999) 180 DLR (4th)
241 (“ _Chrusz_ ”) at [92] and [94].

25 Another restatement of the public interest involved in relation to legal
professional privilege is found in the House of Lords decision of _Regina v
Derby Magistrates’ Court, Ex parte B_ [1996] 1 AC 487, where Lord Nicholls of
Birkenhead observed thus (at 510):

Legal professional privilege is concerned with _the interaction between two
aspects of the public interest in the administration of justice._ The public
interest in the efficient working of the legal system requires that people
should be able to obtain professional legal advice on their rights and
liabilities and obligations. This is desirable for the orderly conduct of
everyday affairs. _Similarly, people should be able to seek legal advice and
assistance in connection with the proper conduct of court proceedings. To this
end communications between clients and lawyers must be uninhibited. But, in
practice, candour cannot be expected if disclosure of the contents of
communications between client and lawyer may be compelled, to a client's
prejudice and contrary to his wishes. That is one aspect of the public
interest. It takes the form of according to the client a right, or privilege
as it is unhelpfully called, to withhold disclosure of the contents of client-
lawyer communications. In the ordinary course the client has an interest in
asserting this right, in so far as disclosure would or might prejudice him._

The _other aspect of the public interest_ _is that all relevant material
should be available to courts when deciding cases._ Courts should not have to
reach decisions in ignorance of the contents of documents or other material
which, if disclosed, might well affect the outcome.

All this is familiar ground, well traversed in many authorities over several
centuries. _The law has been established for at least 150 year_ s, since the
time of Lord Brougham L.C. in 1833 in _Greenough v. Gaskell_ , 1 M. & K. 98:
subject to recognised exceptions, communications seeking professional legal
advice, whether or not in connection with pending court proceedings, are
absolutely and permanently privileged from disclosure even though, in
consequence, the communications will not be available in court proceedings in
which they might be important evidence.

[emphasis added]

26 And, nearer home, Ong CJ (Malaya) observed, in the Malaysian Federal Court
decision of _Public Prosecutor v Haji Kassim_ [1971] 2 MLJ 115 and in relation
to the equivalent of s 128 of the Act, thus (at 116):

The only relevant provision in our Evidence Ordinance excluding professional
confidences is s 126 [s 128 of the Act], which states that no advocate and
solicitor shall at any time be permitted, unless with his client’s express
consent, to disclose any communication made to him and in the course of his
employment as such. _This rule is founded on the principle that the conduct of
legal business without professional assistance is impossible and on the
necessity, in order to render such assistance effectual, of securing full and
unreserved intercourse between the two._ This privilege does not protect
professional disclosures made to clergymen or doctors: see _Phipson_ _on
Evidence,_ 10th Edition, para. 587 and commentaries in _Sarkar_ on s 126 of
the Indian Evidence Act 1872. [emphasis added]

**The statutory provisions**

**_Legal professional privilege in Singapore – sections 128 and 131 of the
Evidence Act_**

27 In Singapore, legal professional privilege is a statutory right enacted in
ss 128 and 131 of the Act. These two sections cover legal advice privilege and
also an element of litigation privilege. They provide as follows:

**Professional communications**

128\. —(1) _No**advocate or solicitor** shall **at any time** be permitted,
unless with his client’s express consent, to disclose **any communication**
made **to** him **in the course and for the purpose of his employment as such
advocate or solicitor** by **or on behalf** of his client, **or** to state the
contents or condition of **any document with which he has become acquainted in
the course and for the purpose of his professional employment, or** to
disclose **any advice** given **by** him to his client **in the course and for
the purpose of such employment.**_

(2) Nothing in this section shall protect from disclosure —

> (_a_) any such communication made _in furtherance of**any illegal purpose**_
> ;
>
> (_b_)_any fact observed by any advocate or solicitor in the course of his
> employment as such showing that**any crime or fraud** has been committed
> **since the commencement of his employment**._

(3) It is immaterial whether the attention of such advocate or solicitor was
or was not directed to such fact by or on behalf of his client.

_Explanation._ [italics in original] —The obligation stated in this section
**_continues after the employment has ceased_**.

[emphasis added in italics and in bold italics]

…

**Confidential communications with legal advisers**

**131.** _No one_ shall be _compelled_ to disclose to the court _any
confidential communication_ which has taken place _between him and his legal
professional adviser unless_ he offers himself as a witness, in which case he
may be compelled to disclose any such communications as may appear to the
court necessary to be known in order to explain any evidence which he has
given, but no others. [emphasis added]

28 The Act is modelled on the Indian Evidence Act of 1872 (Act I of 1872).
When moving the First Reading of the Evidence Bill, the then Attorney-General
observed (see _Proceedings of the Legislative Council of the Straits
Settlements, 1893, Shorthand Report_ (23 February 1893) at B23):

[T]he Law of Evidence now in force in this Colony is to be found in various
volumes of text-books on the Law of Evidence, containing many hundreds of
pages, and in various Acts of the Indian Legislature which are in force here
and no longer in force in India. Under these circumstances it has been thought
desirable to introduce here the Indian Evidence Code which is now in force in
India. _That Code has stood the test of more than twenty years’ experience_ ,
and has been found an inestimable benefit to Magistrates and all persons
concerned in the administration of justice, who have no longer to turn to
reports of cases, _and wade through TAYLOR on_ Evidence _, but can find in the
compass of a few pages the proposition of law which meets the case before
them._ That such a state of things is an improvement on the present state of
things no one can deny. There is nothing or very little that is original in
this Bill. _It is the Indian Code adapted to the circumstances of this
Colony_. [emphasis added]

29 The Indian Evidence Act itself had its roots in English law. In drafting
the Indian Evidence Act, Sir James Fitzjames Stephen drew almost entirely from
the then existing English common law; in his own words (see James Fitzjames
Stephen, _The Indian Evidence Act, with an Introduction on the Principles of
Judicial Evidence_ (Thacker, Spink & Co, 1872) at p 2):

The Indian Evidence Act is little more than an attempt to reduce the English
law of evidence to the form of express propositions arranged in their natural
order, with some modifications rendered necessary by the peculiar
circumstances of India.

In the Bombay decision of _Frámji Bhicáji v Mohánsing Dhánsing_ (1893) 18 ILR
Bom 263, Candy J observed thus (at 271–272):

The law in India is contained in section 126 of the Evidence Act [s 128 of the
Act], and with one exception _appears to be the same as the law in England_ ,
which has been established by many decisions through a long course of years.
The one exception relates to the substitution of “illegal purpose” for
“criminal purpose” in the first portion of the proviso to section 126; and, as
Mr. Field says in his Law of Evidence in British India, this “carries the
principle enunciated in the proviso somewhat further than what can be said to
be the established law in England, but is in conformity with the expressed
opinion of several able Judges.” …

That the law in India on this point is _practically the same as in England,
and that in interpreting section 126 of the Evidence Act this Court may
rightly refer to English cases_ , is shown by the judgments of Westropp, C.
J., and Sargent, J., in the case _of Memon Háji Harun v. Mulvi Abdul Karim_ ,
in which Chief Justice Sir M. Westropp said: “Communications to be protected
by that section (126 of the Evidence Act) must, we think, be confidential.”
The words contained in it are indeed “any communication, &c.,” but the word
“disclose” shows, and common sense seems to demand, that the privileged
communication must be confidential or private.

[emphasis added]

30 In this connection, Prof Pinsler has observed that, historically,
_Greenough v Gaskell_ ([24] _supra_) is “the authority upon which s 126 of the
Indian EA [Evidence Act; which is s 128 of our Act] was constructed” (see
Jeffrey Pinsler, “The _Three Rivers District Council_ Saga: New Issues of
Professional Privilege for a Singapore Court to Decide” (2005) 17 SAcLJ 596 at
605). Prof Pinsler writes (_id_ at note 45):

This is obvious from the connection between the terminology of s 128 [of our
Evidence Act and, as we have seen, the equivalent of s 126 of the Indian
Evidence Act] and Lord Brougham LC’s judgment in _Greenough v Gaskell_ , _id_
at 101–103. [Sir James Fitzjames] Stephen ... referred to this case as the
principal authority underlying s 126 of the Indian EA [Evidence Act] (see [Sir
James Fitzjames Stephen, _Digest of the Law of Evidence_ (Macmillan and Co,
Limited, 5th Ed, 1899)], Note XLIII, at p 193).

31 For the above reasons, we will need to refer to the English decisions in
order to determine the scope of ss 128 and 131 of the Act as well as the
current state of the law. However, we need to bear in mind that not all
English law principles can be used for this purpose. The reason is that s 2(2)
of the Act provides as follows:

All rules of evidence not contained in any written law, so far as such rules
are inconsistent with any of the provisions of this Act, are repealed.

**_The scope of sections 128 and 131 of the Evidence Act_**

32 As is evident from its language, s 128 applies only to an advocate or
solicitor, but not to the client. He may not (a) disclose any communication
made to him by or on behalf of his client, or (b) state the contents or
condition of any document of which he has become “acquainted”, or (c) disclose
any advice given by him to his client, _if all these events occurred_ “in the
course and for the purpose of his employment as such advocate or solicitor.”

33 However, when s 128 is read with s 131, it becomes clear that they
complement each other and give full effect to the legal advice privilege, as
the latter provision protects the client from not having to disclose to any
other party any legal advice which he has obtained from his legal adviser,
whether he is an advocate or a solicitor. In Singapore, the distinction
between an advocate and solicitor would make no difference to the operation of
legal advice privilege because we have a fused profession.

34 It should also be noted that since s 131 is expressed to operate in the
broader context of court proceedings where the client might offer himself as a
witness, in which case he may be compelled to disclose any communication the
court deems necessary, it also extends the area of legal advice privilege to
the domain of litigation privilege. That this is the intention of s 131 is
made clear by the reference to the use of the expression “legal professional
adviser” who need not necessarily be an advocate or solicitor. When s 131 was
enacted, the legal profession in Singapore did not have any advocates or
solicitors, but English barristers and solicitors and also what were then
known as law agents and also pleaders, who might not even be legally
qualified. But litigation privilege was applied to all legal advisers involved
in assisting their respective clients in litigation.

35 Although s 128 does not refer to the confidentiality of the communication
from the client to the lawyer, whilst s 131 refers to such a quality with
respect to any communication passing between him and his lawyer, it is
implicit that the nature of the business or enterprise involved in a client
obtaining legal advice from a lawyer must have the element or quality of
confidentiality in the communication to the lawyer or the advice given to the
lawyer: see _O’Shea v Wood_ [1891] P 286 and _Government of the State of
Selangor v Central Lorry Service & Construction Ltd_ [1972] 1 MLJ 102.

**Legal advice privilege**

**_Who is the client? – the status of Three Rivers No 5 in Singapore_**

36 As will be seen, legal advice privilege at common law, which is fairly
well-settled, is not inconsistent with the parameters of s 128 of the Act. The
only “legal hiccup” at common law in recent times relates to the issue as to
the identity of the client. In particular, the English Court of Appeal
decision in _Three Rivers District Council v Governor and Company of the Bank
of England (No 5)_ [2003] QB 1556 (“ _Three Rivers No 5_ ”) adopted an
exceedingly narrow meaning of a “client” for the purposes of legal advice
privilege.

37 In _Three Rivers No 5_ , the liquidators of the collapsed bank, BCCI, had
commenced an action against the Bank of England (“BOE”) on behalf of its
creditors after the Bingham inquiry, ordered by the Chancellor of the
Exchequer, into the supervisory role of the BOE in the spectacular collapse of
BCCI. The inquiry was conducted by Bingham LJ (as he then was). For the
purpose of the inquiry, the BOE had set up its own unit, the Bingham Inquiry
Unit (“BIU”) to deal with all matters relating to the inquiry. The court held
that _only_ the _BIU_ could be considered as a client for the purpose of legal
advice privilege and all other employees, including the Governor himself,
stood in the position of third parties providing information to the
solicitors. Hence, all other documents prepared by _employees of the BOE_ and
sent to BOE’s solicitors for advice in relation to its conduct did _not_ fall
under the scope of such privilege.

38 The decision in _Three Rivers No 5_ has been almost universally criticised
– and often trenchantly at that (see, but for a mere sampling, _Phipson on
Evidence_ (Sweet & Maxwell, 16th Ed, 2005), especially at para 23-60 and _The
Law of Privilege_ (Bankim Thanki, ed) (Oxford University Press, 2006) (“
_Thanki_ ”), especially at paras 2.18–2.34 and 2.136–2.138); though _cf_
Adrian Zuckerman, _Zuckerman on Civil Procedure – Principles of Practice_
(Sweet & Maxwell, 2006) at paras 15-38–15-51). One of the central threads of
the critique is that as a company can only act through its officers and
employees, the decision in _Three Rivers No 5_ is far too restrictive,
impractical and unworkable. The House of Lords was in fact invited, in _Three
Rivers No 6_ , to consider and overrule _Three Rivers No 5_ but declined to
express a view on the Court of Appeal’s ruling as that issue was not relevant
to the appeal.

39 The issue arises, in the local context, as to whether or not _Three Rivers
No 5_ is, in any event, good law in the light of the relevant provisions of
the Act (in particular, s 128 thereof).

40 In the court below, the Judge held that the words “by or on behalf of his
client” in s 128 of the Act made a crucial difference. In particular, in her
view, s 128 “makes no distinction between communications made by an individual
and those made by his employee or agent”, and that “[n]either is there a
distinction made between communications made by a corporate client and those
made by the corporate client’s employees or agents” (see GD at [30]). The
Judge concluded thus (see _id_):

From this perspective, the decision in _Three Rivers (No 5)_ is inconsistent
with the provisions of s 128 on professional communications and is
inapplicable by virtue of s 2(2) of the Act.

41 In our view, the Judge, with respect, has given too broad an interpretation
of the ruling in _Three Rivers (No 5)_. That ruling does not lay down a
general principle that all communications between a company and its legal
advisers must be made by a specially appointed committee or that no
communication made by an employee to the company’s legal adviser is
privileged. In that case, the English Court of Appeal held ([36] _supra_ at
[31]) that “the BIU, which was established to deal with inquiries and to seek
and receive Freshfields’ advice, is for the purpose of this application, the
client rather than any single officer however eminent he or she may be
[including, presumably, the Governor of the Bank of England]”. Implicit in
this finding would be that only the BIU was authorised to communicate with the
Bank of England’s lawyers. No other employee was authorised, including the
Governor. The principle is that if an employee is not authorised to
communicate with the company’s solicitors for the purpose of obtaining legal
advice, then that communication is not protected by legal advice privilege. We
do not find this principle exceptional. When a company retains solicitors for
legal advice, the client must be the company. But since a company can only act
through its employees, communications made by employees who are authorised to
do so would be communications made “on behalf of his client”. The only
relevant issue is whether the communication is made for the purpose of
obtaining legal advice, and if so, the communication falls within the
privilege, provided the other requirements of the privilege are present, _viz_
, that the communications are confidential in nature, and the purpose of the
communication is for the purpose of seeking legal advice. Authorisation need
not be express: it may be implied, if that function is related to or arises
out of relevant employee’s work.

42 In our view, _Three Rivers No 5_ should be read in the context of the
court’s finding that the BIU (and no one else) was authorised to communicate
with the bank’s solicitors. In so far as s 128 of the Act is concerned, the
company cannot itself make the communication to its solicitors: only
individuals can do so, and those individuals would be those authorised to do
so, expressly or impliedly. The words “by or on behalf of his client” in this
particular provision embody, statutorily, the proposition just mentioned.
Accordingly, we see no inconsistency between _Three Rivers No 5_ and s 128 of
the Act.

**_The relationship between legal advice privilege and litigation privilege_**

43 Because of the functional difference between legal advice privilege and
litigation privilege (see [23] above), they operate in different ways. There
are, in fact, a number of operational differences. _First_ , legal advice
privilege exists at any time a client seeks legal advice from his solicitor
whether or not litigation is contemplated, whereas litigation advice applies
only where litigation exists or is contemplated. The former applies only to
confidential communications made for the purpose of seeking legal advice, and
not just any communication made to the lawyer. Hence it does _not_ apply to
communications by _third parties_ to the solicitor unless they were made to
the solicitor as agent for the client. In this respect, we should note that
although s 128 refers to communication made by or on behalf of his client, the
words “ _on behalf of_ ” do not signify that _any_ _communication_ by an agent
is protected. The established principle is that only a communication made
through the agent as a _conduit_ that is protected. In the English Court of
Appeal decision of _Wheeler v Le Marchant_ (1881) 17 Ch D 675 _,_ Cotton LJ
observed thus (at 684–685):

It is said that as communications between a client and his legal advisers for
the purpose of obtaining legal advice are privileged, therefore any
communication between the representatives of the client and the solicitor must
be also privileged. That is a fallacious use of the word “representatives.”
_If_ the representative is a person employed as _an agent_ on the part of the
client to obtain the legal advice of the solicitor, of course he stands _in
exactly the same position as_ the client as regards protection, and his
communications with the solicitor stand in the same position as the
communications of his principal with the solicitor. _But these persons were
not representatives in that sense._ They were representatives in this sense,
that they were employed on behalf of the clients, the Defendants, to do
certain work, but that work was not the communicating with the solicitor to
obtain legal advice. _So their communications cannot be protected on the
ground that they are communications between the client by his representatives
and the solicitor._ In fact, the contention of the Respondents comes to this,
that all communications between a solicitor and a third person in the course
of his advising his client are to be protected. It was conceded there was no
case that went that length, and the question is whether, in order fully to
develop the principle with all its reasonable consequences, we ought to
protect such documents. _Hitherto such communications [from third parties]_
have _only been protected_ when they have been in contemplation of some
_litigation_ , or for the purpose of giving advice or obtaining evidence with
reference to it. And that is reasonable, because then the solicitor is
preparing for the defence or for bringing the action, and all communications
he makes for that purpose, and the communications made to him for the purpose
of giving him the information, are, in fact, the brief in the action, and
ought to be protected. _But here we are asked to extend the principle to a
very different class of cases, and it is not necessary, in order to enable
persons freely to communicate with their solicitors and obtain their legal
advice, that any privilege should be extended to communications such as
these_. [emphasis added]

44 _Secondly,_ in contrast to legal advice, litigation privilege applies to
every communication, whether confidential or otherwise so long as it is for
the purpose of litigation. It also applies to communications from _third
parties_ whether or not they were made as agent of the client. This is the
critical difference between legal advice privilege and litigation privilege:
see _Wheeler v Le Marchant_ ([43] _supra_) and the Singapore Court of Appeal
decision of _Brink’s Inc v Singapore Airlines Ltd_ [1998] 2 SLR 657 at [20] (“
_Brink’s_ ”). This difference is explained by the different functions of the
two privileges. One is concerned with protecting confidential communications
between lawyers and clients, and the other is concerned with protecting
information and materials created and collected for the dominant purpose of
litigation.

45 However, the two forms of privilege _overlap_. As Lord Scott of Foscote put
it in the recent House of Lords decision in _Three Rivers No 6_ ([24] _supra_
at [27]):

[L]egal advice privilege has an undoubted relationship with litigation
privilege. Legal advice is frequently sought or given in connection with
current or contemplated litigation. But it may equally well be sought or given
in circumstances and for purposes that have nothing to do with litigation. If
it is sought or given in connection with litigation, then the advice would
fall into both of the two categories. But it is long settled that a connection
with litigation is not a necessary condition for privilege to be attracted:
see, e g, _Greenough v Gaskell_ (1833) 1 My & K 98, 102–103, per Lord Brougham
and _Minet v Morgan_ (1873) LR 8 Ch App 361). On the other hand it has been
held that litigation privilege can extend to communications between a lawyer
or the lawyer's client and a third party or to any document brought into
existence for the dominant purpose of being used in litigation. The connection
between legal advice sought or given and the affording of privilege to the
communication has thereby been cut.

46 What is of particular significance in the context of the present appeal is
the fact that if it is proved that the communications concerned, _ie_ , the
communications made by APBS to PWC and D&N (and _vice versa_) in connection
with the joint undertaking under the terms of the first MASNET Announcement,
are related to contemplated or imminent litigation, then it would follow that
such communications would be covered by _both_ legal advice privilege _and_
litigation privilege. Indeed, the only communications which would not be
covered by legal advice privilege would, as we have already noted, be those
which emanate _from_ _third parties._ However, _even such communications_
would be covered by legal advice privilege if the decision in _Pratt Holdings_
([53] _infra_) is accepted as good law in Singapore in preference to the
present English position as embodied in, most notably, in _Wheeler v Le
Marchant_ ([43] _supra_).

**_Impact of modern developments on legal advice privilege_**

47 The relationship between clients and legal advisers, especially in economic
activities, has changed considerably since the legal privilege rules were
formulated more than a century ago. Business has become much more complex, and
so have the legal knowledge and skills that are required of lawyers to guide
their clients safely in their commercial and investment ventures. Today, such
clients not only need legal advice in the conduct of their business but also
require multi-disciplinary advice from different professions in many of the
problems they face or encounter. Furthermore, the nature of the advice that
lawyers may be asked to give may also extend to other fields of learning which
go beyond what was traditionally legal advice. In the English Court of Appeal
decision of _Balabel v Air India_ [1988] 1 Ch 317 (“ _Balabel_ ”), one of the
most influential decisions on the nature of legal advice privilege in modern
conditions, Taylor LJ (as he then was, and with whom Lord Donaldson of
Lymington MR and Parker LJ agreed) said (at 330):

Although originally confined to advice regarding litigation, the privilege was
extended to non-litigious business. Nevertheless, despite that extension, the
purpose and scope of the privilege is still to enable legal advice to be
sought and given in confidence. _In my judgment, therefore, the test is
whether the communication or other document was made confidentially for the
purposes of legal advice. Those purposes have to be construed broadly._
Privilege obviously attaches to a document conveying legal advice from
solicitor to client and to a specific request from the client for such advice.
But it does not follow that all other communications between them lack
privilege. In most solicitor and client relationships, especially where a
transaction involves protracted dealings, advice may be required or
appropriate on matters great or small at various stages. There will be _a
continuum of communication and meetings_ between the solicitor and client. …
Where information is passed by the solicitor or client to the other as part of
the continuum aimed at keeping both informed so that advice may be sought and
given as required, privilege will attach. A letter from the client containing
information may end with such words as “please advise me what I should do”.
But, even if it does not, there will usually be implied in the relationship an
overall expectation that the solicitor will at each stage, whether asked
specifically or not, tender appropriate advice. _Moreover, legal advice is not
confined to telling the client the law; it must include advice as to what
should prudently and sensibly be done in the relevant legal context._
[emphasis added]

48 Taylor LJ’s observations have been approved subsequently in numerous
English and other Commonwealth judgments. In _Three Rivers No 6_ ([24] _supra_
at [111]), Lord Carswell said:

I agree with the view expressed by Colman J in _Nederlandse Reassurantie Groep
Holding NV v Bacon & Woodrow Holding_ [1995] 1 All ER 976, 982 that the
statement of the law in _Balabel_ _v Air India_ does not disturb or modify the
principle affirmed in _Minter v Priest_ , that _all communications between a
solicitor and his client relating to a transaction in which the solicitor has
been instructed for the purpose of obtaining legal advice will be privileged,
notwithstanding that they do not contain advice on matters of law or
construction,_ _provided that they are directly related to the performance by
the solicitor of his professional duty as legal adviser of his client_.
[emphasis added]

49 And, in the English High Court decision of _Guild (Claims) Ltd v Eversheds
(a firm)_ [2001] Lloyd’s Rep PN 910, Jacob J (as he then was) had this to say
(at [22]):

I think that it is not possible to deal with the question of duty in relation
to quasi-commercial matters in the abstract. Solicitors concerned with
assisting parties in relation to commercial transactions are often faced with
commercial considerations. _Ultimately, commercial matters are for the client
but things are not so simple that one can say the solicitor’s duty simply
stops at questions of law_. [emphasis added]

50 Other decisions where similar statements of approval of Taylor LJ’s
observations in _Balabel_ include the English decision of _Nederlandse
Reassurantie Groep Holding NV v Bacon & Woodrow (a firm)_ [1995] 1 All ER 976
and _Three Rivers No 6_ ([24] _supra_); the Federal Court of Australia
decision of _DSE (Holdings) Pty Ltd v Intertan Inc_ (2003) 203 ALR 348 as well
as the Hong Kong decisions of _Time Super International Ltd v Commissioner of
the Independent Commission Against Corruption_ [2002] HKEC 821 and _Yau Chiu
Wah v Gold Chief Investment Limited_ [2003] 3 HKLRD 553 at [43].

**_Legal advice privilege and third parties_**

51 We have referred to many judicial statements according recognition to the
changing nature and scope of legal advice in a more complex world. The case
under appeal is a good example: APB and APBS needed not only the advice of
accountants but also the advice of lawyers to determine the nature of the
legal claims that would inevitably be made by the banks as well as the
complexity of the financial and legal issues arising from Chia’s unauthorised
loans. In this appeal we have a complex situation where the respondent has
claimed legal advice privilege not merely in the context of communications
between it and its solicitors but, rather, in the context of communications
rendered to it as a result of the joint efforts of its solicitors and its
accountants in investigating the massive fraud by its financial controller and
the consequent financial impact on its operations.

52 This raises the important issue as to whether the draft reports submitted
by PWC to the respondent are protected by legal advice privilege as PWC are
alleged by the appellant banks to be third parties. The English position is
clear: communications to and from a third party are not protected by legal
advice privilege (see the leading decision of _Wheeler v Le Marchant_ ([43]
_supra_), as well as _Re Highgrade Traders Ltd_ [1984] BCLC 151; _Ventouris v
Mountain_ ([24] _supra_); _Price Waterhouse (a firm) v BCCI Holdings
(Luxembourg) SA_ [1992] BCLC 583 (“ _Price Waterhouse_ ”); _The Patraikos 2_
[2001] 4 SLR 308; as well as _Thanki_ ([38] _supra_ at para 2.04) and Charles
Hollander, _Documentary Evidence_ (Sweet & Maxwell, 9th Ed, 2006) at paras
13-05 and 13-06), unless the third party is an agent for communication, and in
this respect an agent is a mere conduit and nothing more (see [43] above, as
well as, for example, not only _Wheeler v Le Marchant_ , but also the House of
Lords decision of _Jones v Great Central Railway Company_ [1910] AC 4 at 6;
the English Court of Appeal decision of _Anderson v Bank of British Columbia_
([24] _supra_); and the New Zealand High Court decision of _C-C Bottlers Ltd v
Lion Nathan Ltd_ [1993] 2 NZLR 445). We have already mentioned that the Judge
found that PWC was for this purpose an agent for receiving and communicating
confidential information from the respondent to D&N and that the fact that PWC
was a co-author of the draft reports did not make them any less an agent for
the purpose of s 128 of the Act. In our view, the Judge’s holding is at odds
with established English authority that a third party is only an agent if he
performs no function other than to act as a conduit for communication between
the client and the legal adviser. In so far as PWC was a co-author of the PWC
draft reports and had done considerable work in preparing the reports, as
borne out by the contents of second MASNET announcement, it would _not_ be an
agent of communication for the purpose of legal advice privilege if we apply
the English decisions. However, a recent Australian decision suggests that the
distinction between an agent who is a mere conduit of communication and one
who may at the same time be a creator of information for communication should
no longer hold in modern conditions.

**_Pratt Holdings_**

53 The Australian Federal Court in _Pratt Holdings Pty Ltd v Commissioner of
Taxation_ (2004) 136 FCR 357 (“ _Pratt Holdings_ ”) has recently suggested a
broader and more flexible approach in giving protection to communications from
_third parties_ in the context of _legal_ _advice_ privilege. The facts in
_Pratt Holdings_ were straightforward. A corporation had asked an accountant
to prepare a report valuing its losses in the context of a balance sheet
reconstruction and financing exercise. The corporation then forwarded the
report from the accountant to the lawyer who had in fact advised that such a
report be obtained in the first instance. No litigation was contemplated at
the material time. Hence, this particular case related only to legal advice
privilege.

54 The Commissioner of Taxation subsequently sought statutory access to the
report and the corporation claimed legal advice privilege on the basis that
the report had been prepared for the dominant purpose of obtaining legal
advice. Two of the three the judges were of the view that the accountant was
_not_ an _agent_ of the corporation. In the circumstances, this raised
squarely for the decision of the court the status of _third party_
communications in the context of _legal advice_ privilege.

55 The court held that legal advice privilege was indeed capable of being
extended to such third party communications. But as the trial judge had not
made an actual finding as to the client’s purpose(s) in having the report
concerned created, the case was remitted back to the trial judge. The
reasoning of the court is of the first importance and we will examine it now.
Finn J was of the view that the distinction hitherto drawn between
communications via agents and communications via third parties was “an
apparently arbitrary distinction” ([53] _supra_ at [3]). He observed thus (see
_id_):

The principal question in these appeals is whether we are, nonetheless,
obliged to accept the distinction so drawn with _its inevitable and obvious
triumph of form over substance_. I consider we are _not_. [emphasis added]

Finn J did not find any existing Australian authority that was binding on him,
and was of the view that “the present question falls to be decided by
reference to principle, legal policy and to such authority of other
jurisdictions as is persuasive” (see at [34]). In the circumstances, “the
obvious starting point is with what was the intended use (or uses) of [the]
document which accounted for it being brought into existence”, and that “[i]n
answering that question – which is a question of fact … – attention
necessarily must focus on the purpose (or purposes) of the person who created
the document, or who, if not its author, had the authority to, and did,
procure its creation” (see at [35]).

56 Finn J then proceeded to observe as follows (at [39]):

I have already commented upon what I consider to be the _patent artificiality_
flowing from the denial of privilege in such circumstances. If Pratt Holdings
[the party claiming legal advice privilege] had its own and appropriately
qualified accounting staff which prepared a like report, that report would
have been privileged. Equally, if it had directed PricewaterhouseCoopers [the
third party] to send the report directly to ABL [the firm of lawyers], it
would likewise be privileged as Pratt Holdings would have thus constituted
PricewaterhouseCoopers its agent to make the, or else a part of the …
communication by Pratt Holdings to ABL for the purpose of obtaining legal
advice. [emphasis added]

57 And, in so far as _general principle_ was concerned, the learned judge
opined thus (at [41]–[43]):

The important consideration in my view is not the nature of the third party’s
legal relationship with the party that engaged it but, rather, _the nature of
the function it performed for that party._ _If that function was to enable the
principal to make the communication necessary to obtain legal advice it
required, I can see no reason for withholding the privilege from the
documentary communication authored by the third party. That party has been so
implicated in the communication made by the client to its legal adviser as to
bring its work product within the rationale of legal advice privilege._

There are, in my view, _clear reasons of policy that support extending_ the
privilege to such third party authored documentary communications. Whether a
natural person or a corporation, a party seeking to obtain legal advice may
not have the aptitude, knowledge, skill and expertise, or resources to make
adequately, appropriately or at all such communication to its legal adviser as
is necessary to obtain the advice required. _Such is commonplace today where
advice is sought on complex and technical matters. To deny that person the
ability to utilise the services of a third party to remedy his or her own
inability or inadequacy unless he or she is prepared to forego privilege in
the documents prepared by the third party, is to disadvantage that person
relative to another who is able adequately to make the desired communication
to a legal adviser by relying upon his or her own knowledge, resources, etc._

_For the law to provide such an incentive not to utilise the services of third
parties in such circumstances is to undercut the privilege itself._ It would
not facilitate access to effective legal advice nor would it facilitate
effective communication with legal advisers for the purpose of obtaining legal
advice.

[emphasis added]

58 However, the counterweight to too liberal an extension of the doctrine
_vis-à-vis_ third parties is the requirement that the communication concerned
be for the _dominant purpose_ of giving legal advice (see also _per_ Stone J,
_id_ at [86]). In this regard, Finn J was of the following view (at [47]):

[N]otwithstanding the principal’s stated purpose in having a documentary
communication brought into existence, the principal may have so conducted
himself or herself in the matter as to indicate that the intended use of the
document authored by the third party was not its communication to the legal
adviser as the principal’s communication, but rather it was to advise and
inform the principal concerning its subject matter, with the principal then
determining (a) in what manner, if at all, the whole or part of the document
would be used by the principal in making its _own_ communication or (b) the
purpose(s) for which the document could or should be used. **_The less the
principal performs the function of a conduit of the documentary information to
the legal adviser, the more he or she filters, adapts or exercises independent
judgment in relation to what of the third party’s document is to be
communicated to the legal adviser, the less likely it is that that document
will be found to be privileged in the third party’s hands. This will be
because the intended use of the document is more likely to be found to be to
advise and inform the principal in making the principal’s communication to the
lawyer (whether or not that communication embodied wholly or substantially the
content of the document) and not to record the communication to be made._**
[emphasis added in bold italics]

59 Stone J sought to distinguish the decision in _Wheeler v Le Marchant_ ([43]
_supra_). In particular, she was of the view that “[t]he letters from the
surveyors [in that case] were not created for the purpose of obtaining legal
advice for the client” and that “[i]n the absence of such purpose the
rationale for legal professional privilege does not require that a
communication be protected” ([53] _supra_ at [95]). The surveyors in _Wheeler
v Le Marchant_ were, in fact, retained by the solicitors on behalf of the
client to do certain work, but the purpose of the communications with the
solicitor did not relate to the obtaining of legal advice as such (see
_ibid_).

60 Like Finn J, Stone J was of the view (_id_ at [102]–[106]) that:

102 … [T]he present issue must be decided by **_the application of principle,
eschewing formalistic approaches and concentrating on substance._**

103 The history of legal professional privilege shows that the courts have
been willing and able to adapt the doctrine **_to ensure that the policy
supporting the doctrine is not sabotaged by rigid adherence to form that does
not reflect the practical realities surrounding the application of privilege.
The complexity of present day commerce means that it is increasingly necessary
for a client to have the assistance of experts,_** including financial experts
such as accountants, in formulating a request for legal advice and in
providing legal advisers with sufficient understanding of the facts to enable
that advice to be given. This much was recognised by Taylor LJ in Balabel.

…

105 **_The coherent rationale for legal professional privilege developed by
the High Court does not lend itself to artificial distinction between
situations where that expert assistance is provided by an agent or alter ego
of the client and where it is provided by a third party. Nor, in my view,
should the availability of privilege depend on whether the expert opinion is
delivered to the lawyer directly by the expert or by the client. Provided that
the dominant purpose requirement is met I see no reason why privilege should
not extend to the communication by the expert to the client. …_**

…

106 I do not accept that this approach would lead to uncontrollable extension
of the privilege. The difficulties in proving the relevant purpose should not
be underestimated. Advice as to commercially advantageous ways to structure a
transaction are extremely unlikely to attract privilege because the purpose in
putting the advice together will, in most cases, be quite independent of the
need for legal advice. Even if the parties have in mind that the advice will
be submitted to a lawyer for comment, the purpose is unlikely to be the
_dominant_ purpose. Determining the dominant purpose underlying a
communication may be difficult but no more so than many questions that come
before courts. Courts would need to take into account exactly what function
was served by the expert advice and whether it was really required in order to
instruct the legal advisers fully. Obviously if the third party is an agent of
the client and the client has the requisite purpose the determination is
comparatively simple. Similarly if the material sought by the lawyer is
required for litigation it is not difficult to determine the chain of
authority and to find the requisite purpose … Ultimately the question is one
of fact and the onus is on the person seeking privilege protection to
establish the case.

[emphasis added in bold italics]

61 Merkel J agreed (at [52]) with the judgments of both Finn and Stone JJ.

62 The reasoning of the judges in _Pratt Holdings,_ apart from preferring
substance to form, is particularly apposite in cases of large commercial
frauds where the victims need expert advice not only to protect themselves
from future frauds but also to determine the rights or liabilities in
connection with the fraud. In the present case, the respondent was faced with
precisely these two problems. Instead of obtaining a report from the
accountants on the failings of its system of financial controls, the
respondent employed two teams of experts to work together to ensure how such
kinds of fraud would not be perpetrated again as well as how its financial
exposure resulting from Chia’s fraud could be defended. There is no doubt in
our minds that, on the evidence, the respondent was seeking both accounting
and legal advice when it appointed PWC and D&N to report on the problem. The
only question we have to determine is which was the dominant purpose, and if
on the evidence, the dominant purpose was for legal advice, we cannot see why,
in principle, following the reasoning in _Pratt Holdings_ , we should not hold
that the draft PWC reports are subject to legal advice privilege.

63 However, since no argument was made to us by counsel for the parties who
did not refer to _Pratt Holdings_ (although Mr Alvin Yeo SC, counsel for Hypo,
did make oral submissions before us, advocating the (contrary) English
position), we are constrained from going further except to reiterate that the
reasoning in _Pratt Holdings_ appears sound and provides a sensible and a
workable basis for balancing the need for complete confidentiality in a
solicitor and client relationship with the need for disclosure of information
which is not communicated for the purpose of obtaining legal advice. The
approach in _Pratt Holdings_ is principled, logically coherent and yet
practical, and is also consistent with the reality of legal practice expressed
in Taylor LJ’s views in _Balabel_ (see generally above at [47]–[50]).

64 We should add that in relation to legal advice privilege under s 128 of the
Act, Mr Yeo did contend in his oral arguments that the obtaining of legal
advice had to be the _sole_ purpose of the communications in question before
privilege would accrue. In response, counsel for the respondent, Mr Davinder
Singh SC, contended that as long as communications were for the purpose of
D&N’s employment, whether this was a dominant or subsidiary purpose was
irrelevant for the purpose of legal advice privilege.

65 For the reason we have given, it is also not necessary for us to decide
this particular issue, but if as a matter of legal policy it is necessary to
ensure that parties do not cloak every piece of evidence with immunity from
disclosure, it would be necessary for the courts to find a _modus vivendi_
between the two extremes. It will suffice for the present to observe (in a
narrower area of _third party_ communications) that if the approach in _Pratt
Holdings_ is adopted, the “dominant purpose” test might, as observed in that
case itself, constitute an appropriate safeguard against an overly broad
application of legal advice privilege.

66 We now turn to litigation privilege, which was the primary basis on which
this appeal was argued by the parties below. The issue here is a short one:
Was the appointment of PWC and D&N to advise on the matters set out in the
first MASNET announcement for the purpose of legal advice in contemplation of
litigation and was it the dominant purpose?

**Litigation privilege**

**_Introduction – common law or statute?_**

67**** As already mentioned at the outset of this judgment, litigation
privilege exists by virtue of _the common law_. Since, as we have stated
earlier (at [34]), _s 131_ of the Act (reproduced at [27] above) clearly
envisages the concept of _litigation_ privilege, there is no inconsistency
between the common law and the statutory provisions. Accordingly, s 2(2) of
the Act would apply to confirm the applicability of litigation privilege at
common law in the local context (reproduced above at [31]) as there is no
inconsistency between litigation privilege at common law and ss 128 and 131
read together: see _Mariwu Industrial Co (S) Pte Ltd v Dextra Asia Co Ltd_
[2006] 4 SLR 807, a decision of this court on the applicability of the English
decisions on “without prejudice” communications in relation to s 23 of the
Act.

68 We now proceed to consider the requirements of litigation privilege.

**_The applicable rules and principles_**

69 There are, in essence, two basic (and closely related) principles.

_Is there a reasonable prospect of litigation?_

70 Turning to the basic principles or requirements of litigation privilege,
the threshold question is whether litigation must have been contemplated. This
is only logical and commonsensical, for if litigation was not even
contemplated to begin with, how could any party invoke litigation privilege in
the first instance? This is a question of fact. The question is: At the time
the client sought legal advice or consulted his lawyer, did he have the
prospect of litigation in mind? To determine his state of mind, we would need
to know the circumstances in which legal advice was sought. In this respect,
we are of the view that Taylor LJ’s concept of a legal context in _Balabel_
(although originally expounded in the context of legal advice privilege) is
appropriate for this purpose. Was, in other words, the legal context in the
present case one in which litigation was contemplated?

71 For this purpose, the generally accepted criterion is that of a “
_reasonable prospect_ ” of litigation (see also, for example, _per_ Lord
Carswell in _Three Rivers No 6_ ([24] _supra_ at [83]) and _per_ Rix J (as he
then was) in the English High Court decision of _Hellenic Mutual War Risks
Association (Bermuda) Ltd and General Contractors Importing and Services
Enterprises v Harrison (The “Sagheera”)_ [1997] 1 Lloyd’s Rep 160 at 166, as
well as _Phipson on Evidence_ ([38] _supra_ at para 23-85) and _Singapore
Civil Procedure 2003_ (Sweet & Maxwell Asia, 2003) at para 24/3/15).

72**** In the recent English Court of Appeal decision of _United States of
America v Philip Morris Inc_ [2004] EWCA Civ 330, for example, Brooke LJ (with
whom Chadwick and Scott Baker LJJ agreed) observed thus (at [68]):

In the present case it is quite clear that the judge correctly considered that
a “mere possibility” of litigation did not suffice. He was also correct to
conclude that the fact that there was “a distinct possibility that sooner or
later someone might make a claim” was insufficient. So was “a general
apprehension of future litigation”. He repeated three times that the
appropriate test was that litigation must have been reasonably in prospect.
The expression “real likelihood” seems to have been used as a counterpoise to
“a mere possibility”, and I do not consider that any more can properly be read
into this phrase. The judge was certainly not saying that there must have been
a greater than 50% chance of litigation.

73 Adopting the general sense of the above passage, it is clear that there is
no requirement that the chance of litigation must be higher than 50% (although
as it was once thought that there must be a virtual certainty: see _Collins v
London General Omnibus Company_ (1893) 68 LT 831, a standard/threshold which
was too high and unrealistic). We are content to accept that the test of a “
_reasonable prospect_ ” of litigation is sufficient to raise the privilege.

_The “dominant purpose” test_

74**** There is, however, the _second requirement_ that has to be satisfied
before litigation privilege can be successfully established, assuming that
litigation was contemplated as having been reasonably in prospect. This second
requirement relates to the _purpose_ for which legal advice had been sought.
If, of course, the sole purpose, on the facts of the case concerned, was for
seeking legal advice in anticipation or contemplation of legal proceedings,
there would be no problem – and _vice versa_. However, difficulties arise when
there is _more than one purpose_ for seeking such legal advice in a given
case.

75 In the leading House of Lords decision of _Waugh v British Railways Board_
[1980] AC 521 (“ _Waugh_ ”), the House held that if the _domina_ nt purpose
for which legal advice had been sought and obtained was for anticipation or
contemplation of litigation, then the advice concerned would be protected by
litigation privilege. In arriving at this legal proposition, the House
endorsed and adopted the _minority_ view expressed by Barwick CJ in the
Australian High Court decision of _Grant v Downs_ (1976) 135 CLR 674.

76**** The “dominant purpose” test in _Waugh_ (now firmly established in
England (see, for example, the English Court of Appeal decision of _Guinness
Peat Properties Ltd v Fitzroy Robinson Partnership_ [1987] 1 WLR 1027, amongst
many others)) has, in fact, been endorsed in the Singapore context (see, for
example, the Singapore High Court decision of _Wee Keng Hong Mark v ABN Amro
Bank NV_ [1997] 2 SLR 629 at 631 and the Singapore Court of Appeal decision of
_Brink’s_ ([44] _supra_)). It has also found favour in other jurisdictions as
well (see, for example, the New Zealand Court of Appeal decision of _Guardian
Royal Exchange Assurance of New Zealand v Stuart_ [1985] 1 NZLR 596). Most
significantly, perhaps, the Australian High Court (by a majority), in _Esso
Australia Resources_ ([24] _supra_) chose to _overrule_ its (majority)
decision in _Grant v Downs_ , and approved _Waugh_ instead. _Waugh_ , of
course, adopted the _minority_ view of Barwick CJ in _Grant v Downs_ (see at
[75] above). _However_ , there was, this time around, _still_ a _minority_
view expressed. Both McHugh and Kirby JJ were of the view that the majority
decision in _Grant v Downs_ ought _not_ to be overruled, although the majority
(comprising Gleeson CJ and Gaudron, Gummow Callinan J) thought otherwise. In a
subsequent decision, the Australian High Court, in _Daniels Corporation
International Pty Ltd v Australian Competition and Consumer Commission_ (2002)
192 ALR 561, confirmed its decision in _Esso Australia Resources_ (with Kirby
J expressly acknowledging (at [82]) that, although he was in a minority in the
earlier decision, the principle laid down by the majority there “must be
accepted”, although McHugh J did not, apparently, make any express comment in
this particular regard as such). Significantly, though, with the latest
position adopted by the Australian High Court, the “dominant purpose” test in
_Waugh_ apparently represents the established law at the present time
throughout the Commonwealth (including Singapore).

77 There might have been some doubt as to the Canadian position but, as far as
we could tell, there were clear authorities that endorse the “dominant
purpose” test in _Waugh_ (see, for example, the Ontario Court of Appeal
decision of _Chrusz_ ([24] _supra_) and the Saskatchewan Court of Queen’s
Bench decision of _International Minerals & Chemical Corp (Canada) Ltd v
Commonwealth Insurance Co_ (1990) 47 CCLI 196 (“ _International Minerals_ ”)).
Significantly, since an initial draft of this judgment was prepared, it has
come to our attention that the Canadian Supreme Court has in fact endorsed the
“dominant purpose” test in its recent judgment in _Minister of Justice_ ([23]
_supra_ at [59]–[60]).

**Our decision**

**_Litigation privilege_**

78 We turn now to consider the rival arguments of the appellant banks and the
respondent on whether, on the facts of this case, the respondent is entitled
to claim litigation privilege with respect to the PWC draft reports.

_The parties’ arguments_

79 The appellant banks’ arguments that the respondent is not entitled to claim
litigation privilege with respect to the PWC Report may be summarised as
follows:

(a) The purpose for which the respondent commissioned PWC and D&N to undertake
the work described in the first MASNET announcement was to reassure
shareholders and investors in the immediate aftermath of Chia’s arrest and
this purpose is confirmed by the second MASNET announcement which disclosed
that PWC’s “work has revealed that the unauthorized payments had been made
from APBS’ bank accounts. The aggregate of all such authorized payments match
the aggregate of payments into APBS’ bank accounts from unauthorized accounts.
All material cash bank balances of APBS have been accounted for.”

(b) The respondent’s basis of its claim for privilege is contradictory and
inconsistent. In pre-action discovery in March 2004, the claim was based on
the alleged presence of “handwritten advice” in the draft. For this reason,
the AR found that the PWC draft reports were not privileged as the handwritten
advice in the report could be “cleaned up”. In these proceedings, 18 months
later, the respondent now asserts, through Anthony Cheong’s affidavit, that
the PWC draft reports “contain and/or comprise confidential communications
between D&N and the Special Committee”.

(c) Tay Kok Chye’s affidavit (Tay being Assistant General Manager, Finance of
the respondent) filed in March 2004 merely asserted that “the reports are
being prepared for the dominant purpose of obtaining legal advice in relation
to the anticipated litigation brought by the various banks”. This is merely a
bare assertion which is inadequate to support a claim of litigation privilege.

(d) There was nothing in the first MASNET announcement which referred to
litigation. Given the nature and scale of the fraud, accountants had to be
appointed to uncover the extent of the fraud, to ascertain the loss, and to
put in control procedures to prevent a recurrence of fraud. This work is
unrelated to litigation. The second MASNET announcement confirms this. D&N is
mentioned in the separate context of litigation. Accordingly, if litigation
was contemplated in relation to the reports, it was merely for a subsidiary
purpose.

(e) If the dominant purpose of the report were for litigation purposes, it
would not have been left in draft.

(f) On an objective analysis of the evidence, the Judge’s conclusion on
dominant purpose is not supported by the evidence.

(g) The respondent is not entitled to argue that there was a change of purpose
between the time when the report was commissioned (4 September 2003) and when
the drafts were prepared (around 18 September 2003: see [97] below) since its
evidence as to its state of mind has always focused on the time when the
Special Committee and PWC were appointed. The respondent’s position has always
been that litigation was on its mind and featured as the dominant purpose from
the outset. There is no evidential basis for any argument of a subsequent
“change of purpose”.

(h) Under the APBL Group Policy – Reporting Procedure on Fraud (“Reporting
Procedure on Fraud”), it is stated that “all fraud shall be investigated and
corrective action implemented”, and that an investigative report must be
issued as soon as possible after a fraud is reported. This is a requirement
set by APBL to deal with the investigation of all frauds perpetrated in their
operating subsidiary companies regardless of whether litigation was
contemplated or whether legal advice was required. The PWC draft reports were
prepared to comply with the Reporting Procedure on Fraud, and not for the
purpose of anticipated litigation. If this was not the case, the
investigations would have been done in private and not made public.

(j) In the light of the conflicting evidence, the Judge should have inspected
the PWC draft reports before making her decision (we deal specifically with
this argument at [101]–[104] below).

80 In response, the respondent argues as follows:

(a) The relevant time to consider in determining the respondent’s motive for
commissioning the report is the time the document is brought into being. The
appellant banks themselves, in their submissions, admitted that there could be
no question that litigation was in contemplation at the very latest by 5
September 2003. The first PWC draft report was prepared about two weeks after
the Special Committee was appointed, which was well after litigation was
contemplated.

(b) The objective facts and circumstances demonstrate that litigation was the
dominant purpose of commissioning the reports. First, there was the size of
the claim. Secondly, litigation was imminent. Letters of demand were received
around the same time PWC and D&N were engaged. Thirdly, the paramount interest
in commissioning the PWC draft reports was to protect or advance the interests
of APBS and its shareholders. It was clear at the material time that whatever
the findings of PWC, APBS would in all likelihood be involved in significant
litigation. The paramount concern was to protect and advance the interests of
APBS and APBL.

(c) The MASNET announcements were not meant to address the purpose of the PWC
draft reports. A MASNET announcement is an announcement which listed companies
must release to the public under the relevant provisions of the Singapore
Exchange’s Listing Manual. Its aim is to ensure a fair and efficient market
for trading of securities. APBL therefore had to reassure the investing public
of what steps it was taking to protect APBL’s financial interests. The MASNET
announcement is used to announce facts, not speculate on possible claims
against the company. They simply informed the shareholders of what they needed
to know. They did not purport to define the scope or purpose of the PWC draft
reports.

(d) The Reporting Procedure on Fraud merely sets out what should be done if
fraud is discovered. It is then for the management to determine how to deal
with the fraud, and if the management anticipates that litigation may follow,
it must be permitted to take steps to ensure that any report produced is
protected by privilege. In the present case, the senior management was already
aware of the situation and took immediate steps to constitute the Special
Committee. The Special Committee then took immediate steps to appoint D&N as
its lawyers and PWC as special accountants to investigate the fraud. These
steps were _not_ taken in accordance with the Reporting Procedure on Fraud.
The Reporting Procedure on Fraud therefore has no application. Further, even
if the PWC draft reports were also for the purpose of complying with the
Reporting Procedure on Fraud, this was a subsidiary purpose as, at that time,
obtaining advice to fend of the appellant banks’ claims was far more important
that reviewing internal procedures. If the appellant banks’ arguments are
accepted, any responsible company which has a written policy which requires
fraud to be investigated would be worse off claiming privilege than a company
with no policy at all.

(e) The contents of the first MASNET announcement and the Reporting Procedure
on Fraud merely constitute fundamental elements of any investigation of this
nature, namely, to take steps such as identifying the fraudulent transactions,
quantifying the loss and taking remedial action to prevent re-occurrence. But
that does not preclude the PWC draft reports being privileged if they are or
contain communications which are protected by legal advice privilege or are
prepared for the dominant purpose of litigation.

_Evaluation of parties’ arguments_

81 We agree with counsel for the appellant banks that a mere assertion of
privilege is not sufficient to found privilege. We need to examine all the
evidence before us. As Lord Denning MR observed in the English Court of Appeal
decision of _Alfred Crompton Amusement Machines Ltd v Customs and Excise
Commissioners (No 2)_ [1972] 2 QB 102 (at 129):

The affidavit should not be treated as conclusive, nor anything like it. A
party cannot use the affidavit as a taboo or spell to prevent anyone looking
at the documents.

82 Before evaluating the arguments of the parties, we should like to observe
that they are substantially the same arguments that were put before the Judge.
Accordingly, it would be useful to see how the Judge dealt with them.

83 The Judge found that the dominant purpose in the preparation of the PWC
draft reports was for the purpose of litigation as, given the circumstances in
which the reports were commissioned and prepared, litigation was contemplated
by the respondent. Indeed, litigation was inevitable given the magnitude of
the potential financial exposure of the respondent attendant upon the fraud of
it chief financial officer over a period of more than four years. The
objective facts and circumstances which the Judge took into account in
arriving at her decision were as follows:

(a) On 5 September 2003, APBS, through D&N, had written to Hypo’s lawyers on
disavowing the unauthorised loans and accounts created by Chia, thus
confirming its denial of liability, and making litigation inevitable.

(b) The prospect of litigation became a certainty by the time of the second
MASNET announcement that the appellant banks’ claims against APBS would be
strenuously defended.

(c) The PWC draft reports were required for and also constituted the legal
advice as to whether or not APBS’s denial of liability could be maintained.
The fact that these draft reports would aid in ascertaining the financial
impact of the fraud on APBS was, in context, relevant for litigation as well.

(d) In the circumstances, recommendations, if any, on improving internal
financial controls in APBS constituted a merely subsidiary purpose.

84 In our view we find that, on balance, the decision by the Judge that the
dominant purpose of the reports was in aid of litigation is sustainable on the
evidence. The facts of this case support the factual finding that the need for
both legal and accounting advice was foremost in the minds of the directors of
the respondent. Otherwise, there would have been little point in appointing
D&N to undertake jointly with PWC the work that is referred to in the first
MASNET announcement. As the Judge emphasised, PWC and D&N were required,
_inter alia_ , to quantify the financial impact of all the unauthorised
transactions that were identified, their nature and the circumstances in which
they had occurred. In this regard, we find the appellant banks’ arguments with
respect to the alleged inconsistencies in the various affidavits to be
unpersuasive and agree with the reasoning of the Judge (see GD at [26]).

85 The scope of this particular joint undertaking can be appreciated by
examining the events that had occurred before the appointment was made. It
will be recalled that on 2 September 2003, CAD informed the respondent that
Chia had used bank accounts fraudulently opened in the name of APBS by using
forged documents and resolutions to borrow money for his own use. This was a
fraud of a very serious magnitude or order. On 3 September 2003, the
respondent had informed SEB that Chia had no authority to operate accounts in
its name, which was at least an implicit denial of any liability for the loans
taken by Chia under than account. On the same day, the respondent wrote to
Hypo, Mizuho and Sumitomo, to ascertain if there were accounts opened in its
name, requested all account opening documents and statement in its name and
instructing them to immediately suspend operation of the said accounts until
further notice.

86 These events called for an immediate and urgent response from the
respondent to take all necessary actions to uncover the extent of Chia’s fraud
in order to determine its financial impact on the respondent’s business. This
objective required the services of PWC and D&N to discover and quantify the
financial impact of the fraud and to determine the potential liability of the
respondent to the appellant banks for the fraud of Chia. Given the huge
unauthorised loans that the respondent would be called upon to repay, it is
simply unarguable that the respondent would not have concluded that litigation
was bound to occur by the time it appointed PWC and D&N to investigate the
unauthorised loans and assess their financial impact. In this regard, we agree
with the respondent’s argument to the effect that the MASNET announcements
ought to be construed in their proper context. In particular, we do not think
that the contents of the first MASNET announcement are inconsistent with the
dominant purpose of the PWC-D&N joint investigation being for the purpose of
litigation as litigation was well within the contemplation of the respondent.

87 True enough, as submitted by counsel for the respondent, from 4 September
2003 onwards, letters, demands and disavowals flew fast and furious between
the parties and/their respective solicitors. On 3 September 2003, Hypo
informed the respondent what was due on its account and on 4 September 2003,
Sumitomo made a demand for payment. By this time, both the banks would have
sought legal advice on the recoverability of their loans since it would be
contrary to commercial sense to believe that they had expected the respondent
to admit liability for the loans. This would be the relevant legal context in
which the appointment of D&N was made, as litigation was already a reasonable
prospect by then.

88 It is therefore reasonable to conclude that by the time PWC and D&N set to
work a few days later, litigation had gone beyond being a reasonable prospect:
it had become a reality. Thus by the time the joint investigation by PWC and
D&N really got going, the prospect of litigation would have been foremost in
the mind of the respondent. In our view, certainly by this time too, what
would have been more important to the respondent would have been to get the
best legal advice to mount the best defence in court. The dominant purpose
then would have been to see whether the internal controls existing as at 2
September 2003 were in such a bad state that the respondent could be held to
have been culpably negligent in failing to prevent Chia’s fraud which had
taken place over a period of four years. It is reasonable to assume that PWC
would have identified the review or supervisory lapses, _if any_ , of the
directors, and the weaknesses, _if any_ , in the respondent’s internal control
procedures and system, such as the reporting of specific loans of a certain
size to the directors. D&N on its part would have given its legal advice on
whether any findings by PWC would render the respondent liable for the
unauthorised loans and how, strategically and tactically, a legal defence
might be mounted _when the appellant banks sought to enforce their loans by
court action, as they were bound to do._

89 Further, by the time the _second_ MASNET announcement was made, three out
of the four substantive claims mounted in the context of the present
proceedings had been filed. Hypo filed its claim on 21 September 2003, while
SEB and Mizuho filed its claim on 23 September 2003. In this context, it is
perhaps understandable that this particular announcement refers to the
contesting of the claims “vigorously”. Some three days after the announcement,
on 27 September 2003, Sumitomo commenced court action against APBS to recover
its loan.

90 Counsel for SEB and Mizuho, Mr Steven Chong SC, argued vigorously that the
dominant purpose of the PWC draft reports was primarily _fact-finding_ , and
that this factual inquiry was conducted pursuant to APBS’s own internal
standard operating procedure, _viz_ , the Reporting Procedure on Fraud, not
merely to ascertain what had happened in fact but also to utilise such
findings in order to devise a better system in order to prevent future
transgressions. In our view, this argument does not take the appellants’ case
very far. Of course, the joint investigation would certainly lead to _factual
findings,_ but they could and would also lead to _legal findings_ by D&N. What
is _legally_ material or significant is the _purpose_ for which the factual
findings would be _used._ In our view, the only issue is whether the PWC draft
reports were commissioned and prepared for the dominant purpose of litigation.
On this issue, we are of the view that the dominant purpose was litigation for
the reasons we have given earlier. That the reports had other purposes, that
of ascertaining the potential financial exposure of the respondent and of
putting in place a more reliable system to prevent future frauds cannot be
denied. However, in the context of this case, they were but subsidiary
purposes. Indeed, the former purpose constituted an integral part of the above
_factual_ backdrop against which the _legal_ findings by D&N would be made.

91 Where, of course, a particular report is made as a matter of _routine_ in
the course of one’s daily duty _and_ _not_ with reference to any litigation at
all, then it would obviously not be privileged (see the English decision of
_Cook v North Metropolitan Tramway Company_ (1889–90) 6 TLR 22). This is
_clearly not_ the case in so far as the present proceedings are concerned.

92 One might, in fact, usefully contrast the situation in the present
proceedings with that in _Waugh_ ([75] _supra_). In that case, the relevant
affidavit of the party claiming litigation privilege actually _conceded or
admitted_ that the two purposes contained therein – for the purpose of routine
returns and for contemplated litigation – were of _equal_ importance. Hence,
the “dominant purpose” requirement was not, _ex hypothesi_ , satisfied. The
material part of the affidavit in _Waugh_ itself read as follows:

3\. The general manager of the Eastern Region is required (as are the general
managers of the other railways regions) to submit returns to the Department of
[the] Environment in respect of accidents occurring on or about any railway …
6. It has long been the practice of the board [the British Railways Board] and
its predecessors to require that returns and reports on all accidents
occurring on the railway and joint internal departmental inquiries into the
causes of the said accident be made by the local officers of the board who
would forward them to their superiors in order to assist in establishing the
cause of such accidents. 7. Such reports and the statements of witnesses to
such accidents are made _for the purposes mentioned in_ paragraphs 3 and 6 of
this affidavit _and equally for the purpose of_ being submitted to the board’s
solicitor as material upon which he can advise the board upon its legal
liability and for the purpose of conducting on behalf of the board any
proceedings arising out of such accidents … 11. The internal inquiry report in
fact states on the face of it that it has _finally_ to be sent to the
solicitor for the purpose of enabling him to advise the board. [emphasis
added]

93 Lord Wilberforce, in the case itself, observed thus ([75] _supra_ at 531):

_[T]he affidavit_ makes it clear that the report was prepared for _a dual
purpose_ : for what may be called railway operation and safety purposes and
for the purpose of obtaining legal advice in anticipation of litigation, _the
first being more immediate than the second, but both_ being described as _of
equal rank or weight_. [emphasis added]

94 It should, of course, be borne in mind that prior to the holding of the
House itself in _Waugh_ , it was _unclear_ what the law with respect to this
particular aspect of litigation privilege was. It is therefore highly
improbable or unlikely that we will find such admissions or concessions in
future cases now that _Waugh_ has laid down – in no uncertain terms – the
“dominant purpose” requirement (as to which, see generally [74]–[77] above).

95 However, one thing is clear: Much will depend on the actual factual matrix
concerned. In the context of the present proceedings, for example, the
appellant banks sought to rely on _Price Waterhouse_ ([52] _supra_). However,
Millett J (as he then was) made an express finding that the dominant purpose
of the investigation in that case was to establish the facts necessary to
enable the defendant bank’s financial position to be determined. As we have
already pointed out above, the dominant purpose in these proceedings is quite
different and was clearly related to contemplated litigation.

96 In our view, the second MASNET announcement made on 24 September 2003 that
legal advice had been sought and that APBL had been advised that the
respondent was not liable to the banks was merely the _culmination_ of the
joint undertaking. Between 3 September 2003 and 24 September 2003, D&N would
have been working jointly with PWC to prepare the report, and it is in our
view not unreasonable to conclude that the draft reports were substantially
the basis of the respondent’s statement in the second MASNET announcement that
it was not liable for the unauthorised loans and would “contest [the claims of
the appellant banks] vigorously”.

97 With respect to the appellants’ argument that the purpose of the PWC-D&N
undertaking was always fact finding, we find that it does not accord with the
law. It is common ground that the question of dominant purpose is to be
determined by the purpose at the time when the documents were created. Counsel
for the respondent has submitted that case law has recognised that the motive
for procuring a report may well change over time (see the Alberta Court of
Queen’s Bench decision in _Blair v Wawanesa Mutual Insurance Co_ [1998] ABQB
1025 (CanLII)). So, when was the first draft report created? On the evidence
it could only have been created within a reasonable period after 4 September
2003. Counsel for the respondent in the court below informed the Judge, in
response to her question, that the first draft report was prepared two weeks
after the appointment of the Special Committee. Counsel has asserted that he
was in a position to provide the information as D&N was involved in the
preparation of the report. We have no reason to doubt this, and neither have
the appellants made an issue of this.

**_Legal Advice Privilege_**

98 In view of our conclusion that litigation privilege applies to the PWC
draft reports, it must also follow that legal advice privilege also applies to
any legal advice embedded in or which forms an integral part of the reports,
even though the reports themselves might have been drafted by PWC and
forwarded to the respondent by PWC directly. In our view, we do not place much
significance on these two factors so long as it is clear that D&N had joint
authorship of the reports. In this connection, we have no reason to disbelieve
the sworn statement of Anthony Cheong that D&N was indeed a co-author of the
report. The question here is whether the legal advice is so embedded or has
become such an integral part of the reports that it cannot be redacted from
them. In this regard, the Judge has found, as follows (see GD at [41]):

[T]he PWC Draft Reports in their entirety attracted legal advice privilege for
another added reason – namely, the privileged material communicated to PWC
was, so to speak, inseparably embedded in the reports. I agreed with Mr Kumar
that the findings of the accountants in the PWC Draft Reports could not be
presented from purely an accounting point of view without a legal dimension
and perspective. Redaction or separation of parts of the drafts so as to
exclude passages containing privileged information would not be practical here
since PWC and D&N acted as a single unit. The PWC Draft Reports were in all
likelihood so intertwined with the legal advice and assistance given by D&N to
PWC that these reports became part of the privileged solicitor-client
communications.

99 We have no reason to disagree with the Judge on this particular finding.
Even if the PWC draft reports did, _literally_ , contain _ostensibly_ non-
privileged material, such material would form the _backdrop_ against which the
legal advice as to how the respondent should mount the best legal defence
against the appellants’ claims: (see also _Re Highgrade Traders Ltd_ ([52]
_supra_ at 173–174) as well as _In re Sarah C Getty Trust_ [1985] QB 956). As
has been aptly observed by a leading author (Hollander ([52] _supra_ at para
12-07)):

Where part of a document contains privileged matter, and the remaining
unprivileged, it is not necessary to disclose the privileged matter. _If the
document deals with a single subject-matter and can be said to have been
brought into existence either for the purpose of giving or getting legal
advice or for the dominant purpose of gathering evidence, it is permissible to
claim privilege for the entire document_. _If the document does not satisfy
this test, then the document is not privileged as a whole but if part of the
document refers to privileged matters, the privileged part may be blanked
out_. This analysis can be stated as a result of the [English] Court of Appeal
decision in _GE Capital Corporate Finance v Bankers Trust Company_ [[1995] 1
WLR 172] as explained by Rix J. in _The Sagheera_. [emphasis added]

100 However, in situations where part of the document contains privileged
material, and the remaining part is unprivileged, _and_ where the
_unprivileged part is separable from, and is not integral to,_ the privileged
part of the document, then redaction of the privileged parts may be carried
out and the rest of the document revealed to the opposing party through the
usual discovery process. Similarly, mere references to legal advice in
otherwise unprivileged documents can be redacted (see Hollander ([52] _supra_
at para 12-09)). In short, parties should be slow to claim privilege for
entire documents where there is only partial or even trifling reference to
legal advice or communications leading to the giving or obtaining of legal
advice, _and/or (and this is of particular importance) where the ostensibly
non-privileged parts do not play an integral role in the context of the
relevant legal analysis_

**_Should the Judge have inspected the PWC draft reports?_**

101 We will now address the appellants’ argument (at [79] above) that the
Judge was wrong in not exercising her discretion to inspect the PWC draft
reports to determine whether or not they contain legal advice, and if so
whether such advice could be redacted from the reports. It is clear to us that
the Judge decided against inspection because she was satisfied that the
evidence before her showed that the said reports were prepared for the
dominant purpose of litigation. Since we have agreed with her finding on this
issue, it follows that this argument must be rejected.

102 Nevertheless, we wish to make some observations for the guidance of judges
and judicial officers who may be faced with the same problem in future cases.
One of the major difficulties facing the court in situations involving a claim
of either legal advice privilege and/or litigation privilege is the fact that
the claim is invariably based on affidavit evidence. Much time and argument
are then devoted by the parties to persuading the court as to what the true
factual position is, and what the law is in relation to that factual position,
as has happened in this case. An inspection by the judge, pursuant to s 164 of
the Act, would quickly solve the dispute between the parties, thus saving time
and money for the parties: see also Jeffrey Pinsler, _Singapore Court
Practice_ _2006_ (LexisNexis, 2006) at para 24/13/3. Such an approach might be
an effective and practical “middle ground” which ensures that the claim to
legal professional privilege is not abused, hence ensuring that the competing
public policy that all available evidence ought to be disclosed is fulfilled
to the fullest extent possible.

103 We agree with this approach. As Woodhouse P put it in the New Zealand
Court of Appeal decision of _Fletcher Timber Ltd v Attorney-General_ [1984] 1
NZLR 290 at 295, for the court to proceed otherwise without the benefit of
inspection of the documents concerned would “often” result in the court
depending “on processes of sheer speculation, leaving the Judge himself
grasping at air”. In the learned judge’s view (and we agree), “[t]hat cannot
be sensible nor is it necessary when by the simple act of judicial
reconnaissance a reasonably confident decision could be given one way or the
other” (see _id_).

104 However, there is also a case for using this approach only in cases where
the judge has a real doubt about the claim of the party seeking to resist
discovery on the ground of legal professional privilege. In the English Court
of Appeal decision of _Westminster Airways Ltd v Kuwait Oil Co Ltd_ [1951] 1
KB 134, Jenkins LJ observed thus (at 146):

[T]here is nothing in the rule, or in the authorities, to constrain the court
to hold that, in every case where a claim to privilege is made and disputed,
the party seeking production is entitled to come to the court and (as it were)
demand as of right that the court should go behind the oath of the opposite
party and itself inspect the documents. The question whether the court should
inspect the documents is one which is a matter for the discretion of the
court, and primarily for the judge of first instance. Each case must depend on
its own circumstances; but if, looking at the affidavit, the court finds that
the claim to privilege is formally correct, and that the documents in respect
of which it is made are sufficiently identified and are such that, prima
facie, the claim to privilege would appear to be properly made in respect of
them, then, in my judgment, the court should, generally speaking, accept the
affidavit as sufficiently justifying the claim without going further and
inspecting the documents.

This approach was accepted by the New Zealand Court of Appeal in _Taranaki Co-
operative Diary Company Limited v Rowe_ [1970] NZLR 895, where Turner J,
delivering the judgment of court said (at 904), “[t]he jurisdiction to inspect
the documents of one party without disclosing what is in them to the other is
perhaps one to be _conservatively exercised_ ” [emphasis added]. Subsequently,
Cooke J (as he then was), in the New Zealand Court of Appeal decision of
_Guardian Royal Assurance v Stuart_ ([76] _supra_) observed thus (at 599):

As in previous cases in this Court (see _Konia v Morley, Environmental Defence
Society Inc v South Pacific Aluminium Ltd (No 2)_ [1981] 1 NZLR 153 and
_Fletcher Timber Ltd v Attorney-General_ [1984] 1 NZLR 290) _inspection of the
documents by the Judges has proved illuminating. High Court Judges now appear
to be adopting this practice quite commonly in disputed privilege claims.
Experience suggests that its advantage in being likely to lead to a more just
decision outweighs the disadvantage that only the Judge and not_ the other
side sees the documents if the claim to privilege is upheld. Accordingly, in
the field of legal professional privilege at least, I think that _in general a
Judge who is in any real doubt and is asked by one of the parties to inspect
should not hesitate to do so._ [emphasis added]

**Conclusion**

105 For the reasons we have given, we agree with the Judge and find that on
the facts of this case and given the relevant legal context, both litigation
as well as legal advice privilege would apply with regard to the PWC draft
reports. Accordingly, the appeals are dismissed with costs.

**Addendum to judgment**

8 March 2007

Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA:

106 After this judgment was delivered, it was brought to our attention that
there was a factual error in [89] in that the claims referred to therein were
not filed on the stated dates. However, the claims were _made_ before the date
of the second MASNET Announcement and [89] was intended to convey that fact.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 22 Feb 2007 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

