Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Public Prosecutor v Mohammad Al-Ansari bin Basri  
[2007] SGHC 187

Case Number | : | MA 81/2007  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 31 October 2007  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  V K Rajah JA   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Janet Wang (Attorney-General's Chambers) for the appellant; James Bahadur Masih (Tang & Tan) for the respondent   
Parties | : |  Public Prosecutor — Mohammad Al-Ansari bin Basri   
  
Criminal Procedure and Sentencing – Sentencing – Principles – Young offender
committing serious offences – Whether rehabilitation dominant consideration –
Whether probation must be ordered – Section 13 Criminal Procedure Code (Cap
68, 1985 Rev Ed) – Section 5(1) Probation of Offenders Act (Cap 252, 1985 Rev
Ed)  
  

31 October 2007 |   
---|---  
  
V K Rajah JA:

Introduction

1 The courts generally lean in favour of rehabilitating young offenders
between 16 and 21 years of age whenever they consider it beneficial to both
the offender and society. This, however, does not mean that probation will
always be ordered as a matter of course. Indeed, the courts should not abandon
the broad overriding consideration of protecting the community’s interests in
deterring crime, both on a general and specific level. The courts should
always try to strike the right balance between the two sentencing principles
of rehabilitation and deterrence whenever a young offender is sentenced.

2 Young offenders and their legal advisors should not and cannot expect the
courts to invariably place on probation all first-time young offenders simply
because they are likely to respond positively to rehabilitation through
community-based programmes which commonly find expression in probation orders.
The courts would plainly be remiss in discharging their judicial duty to
protect the community if they fashion a sentencing policy that may signal to
all prospective young offenders that probation will be prescribed as a matter
of course, regardless of the nature and circumstances of the offending
conduct. This would simply invite, and perhaps even encourage, potential young
offenders to engage in criminal behaviour. The ability of a young offender to
respond positively to rehabilitative efforts is an important but not
necessarily an overriding consideration in all cases.

3 This was an appeal by the Public Prosecutor (“the Prosecution”) against the
sentence imposed on the respondent by the district judge. The respondent was
charged with robbery under s 392 read with s 34 of the Penal Code (Cap 224,
1985 Rev Ed) (“Penal Code”), together with two others. Another charge was
taken into consideration for the purposes of sentencing, _viz_ , s 352 of the
Penal Code for intentionally using criminal force on the victim. The appeal
brings into sharp focus the tension between the competing imperatives of the
rehabilitation of young offenders on the one hand and the need to protect the
community’s interests in deterring crime on the other hand. On one view, these
two imperatives are but two sides of the same coin, intertwined as they are on
the premise that the young offender should be rehabilitated to become a good
citizen, such that he (or embryonic young offenders) will not adversely affect
the community at large at a later stage, by engaging in even more serious
crimes. Indeed, as the English Court of Appeal in _R v Smith_ [1964] Crim LR
70 sagely noted:

In the case of a young offender there can hardly ever be any conflict between
the public interest and that of the offender. The public have no greater
interest that he should become a good citizen. _The difficult task of the
court is to determine what treatment gives the best chance of realizing that
object_. That realization is the first and by far the most important
consideration. [emphasis added]

4 In my view, this statement correctly and accurately states the overriding
approach which the courts should take when considering the appropriate
sentence to be meted out to young offenders. It is plain that the
rehabilitation of the young offender should constitute the foremost
consideration of the sentencing process, but that should not be the end of the
enquiry. There is concurrently the need to ensure that the appropriate message
is sent out such that the specific young offender and other prospective young
offenders are adequately deterred from committing offences. In balancing these
two general imperatives, a myriad of factors is inevitably involved, the most
relevant of which in the instant appeal was the seriousness of the offence.

5 At the end of the hearing, I allowed the Prosecution’s appeal and sentenced
the respondent to reformative training with immediate effect. In these grounds
of decision, apart from providing detailed reasons as to why the appeal was
allowed, I shall elucidate the relevant factors which the courts should
consider as a matter of course in determining the sentencing “treatment” which
best reconciles both the young offender’s rehabilitative prospects and the
interests of the community at large.

The facts

6 The facts are fairly straightforward and can be stated within a brief
compass. Part of the reason for this is because the respondent had admitted
unreservedly to the Statement of Facts dated 28 February 2007. From this
Statement of Facts, it appears that the unhappy episode commenced at about
6.15pm on 11 August 2006, while the respondent was playing sepak takraw with
one Mohamed Fadzli bin Abdul Rahim (“Fadzli”) at the court near Blk 419
Tampines Street 41. They finished the game at about 9.45pm and after that,
Fadzli told the respondent that he would be taking a “joyride” with his
cousin, one Norhazri bin Mohd Faudzi (“Norhazri”). The respondent expressed
his desire to accompany them.

7 Sometime in the early hours of 12 August 2006 (after 12.00am), the
respondent joined Norhazri and Fadzli for the joyride in Norhazri’s Malaysian-
registered car (“the car”). The trio proceeded to Tampines Street 21 for
supper at a coffee shop. Shortly thereafter, Fadzli revealed to the respondent
and Norhazri his desire to have sex with a sex worker for free. At that
juncture, the respondent realised that both his accomplices, in his own words,
“were planning to do something bad to a prostitute”.

8 The respondent and his accomplices then proceeded to Geylang where they
prowled for sex workers but were unable to persuade any to enter the car. It
appears that the number of passengers in the car deterred the sex workers
approached from accepting the invitations from the respondent’s accomplices.
The respondent then alighted somewhere in Geylang so as to enhance the
prospects of persuading a sex worker to enter the car. However, when this
proved to be equally futile, the respondent was picked up again by his
accomplices.

9 As they continued cruising, the respondent and his accomplices chanced upon
the victim, a foreign sex worker, at around 3.00am. The victim was walking
alone along Lorong 34 Geylang near Geylang Road. Norhazri stopped the car near
the victim and asked her whether she was interested in providing sexual
services to Fadzli. The victim agreed and informed Fadzli that she would
charge a sum of $80. Thereafter, she boarded the car and sat in the rear
passenger seat of the vehicle beside the respondent.

10 The victim was transported to an unknown road before Norhazri stopped the
vehicle. He and the respondent then alighted and topped up the radiator with
water to prevent overheating of the vehicle. As they were doing so, Fadzli
moved to the rear passenger seat in the car and sat beside the victim.
Subsequently, after they drove off, Fadzli, who was then seated next to the
victim in the rear passenger seat, started to grope her breasts. The victim
struggled with Fadzli, but he managed to forcefully remove all her clothes
save for her panties. During the struggle, the victim’s handbag was wrenched
from her.

11 The group subsequently stopped the vehicle along Jalan Sam Kongsi. The
respondent alighted from the vehicle. Fadzli tried to push the victim out of
the car but when the victim struggled, Norhazri and Fadzli started to assault
the victim. After the assault, the respondent assisted Fadzli to push the
victim out of the vehicle. The victim was then raped by Fadzli. The victim
sustained multiple injuries as a result of the robbery and sexual assault.

12 Subsequently, the respondent handed the victim’s handbag to Norhazri and
threw one of her shoes out of the vehicle. This was done to remove any
physical evidence that might later link the respondent and his accomplices to
the victim. The respondent and his accomplices then drove off, leaving the
undressed and battered victim behind. Then, the respondent helped his
accomplices to count the money taken from the victim’s handbag. He was later
given a packet of cigarettes and some food by Fadzli. These had been purchased
with the stolen money. The respondent was 16 years of age at the time of the
offence.

13 The respondent was arrested on 24 August 2006. He has since pleaded guilty
to one charge under s 392 read with s 34 of the Penal Code for having
committed robbery with Norhazri and Fadzli. As I mentioned above (at [3]),
another charge was taken into consideration for the purposes of sentencing.
This was a charge under s 352 of the Penal Code for intentionally using
criminal force on the victim. For completeness, I should state that the
punishment prescribed for an offence of robbery committed in furtherance of
the common intention of others after 7.00pm and before 7.00am under s 392 read
with s 34 of the Penal Code is a _mandatory_ minimum imprisonment term of
three years and 12 strokes of the cane. On the other hand, an offence of using
criminal force under s 352 of the Penal Code is punishable with a maximum
imprisonment term of three months, and a maximum fine of $500 may also be
imposed.

The district judge’s decision

**_The hearing before the district judge_**

14 The hearing before the district judge took place over five days in the
period between February and May 2007, with the district judge issuing her
grounds of decision in _PP v Mohammad Al-Ansari bin Basri_ [2007] SGDC 145
(“GD”). In the course of the hearing, the district judge called for probation
and reformative training reports. The Prosecution vigorously objected to
probation, arguing that in view of the seriousness of the offence and the
relevant circumstances, it was not warranted. The Prosecution in turn
submitted that the respondent should be sent for reformative training at the
Reformative Training Centre (“RTC”) if the district judge was not minded to
impose the sentence prescribed by s 392 of the Penal Code.

15 In deciding whether probation could and should be granted, the district
judge considered three factors (GD at [36]): (a) the seriousness of the
offence; (b) the respondent’s prospects of reform and rehabilitation; and (c)
whether there were any other reasons militating against granting probation. It
would be worthwhile, in my view, to examine the detailed grounds of the
district judge’s decision.

**_The district judge’s consideration of the appropriate sentence_**

_The seriousness of the offence_

16 In considering the seriousness of the offence, the district judge stated
that she was aware that “probation is hardly ever considered appropriate for
serious offences, especially those involving violence as public policy
concerns demand a consistent and general deterrence for such offences”. The
district judge also acknowledged that the offence before her was “not just
serious, it was an aggravated form of a robbery as it involved physical and
sexual violence” and was well-aware that the victim “clearly suffered
extensive injuries, and was subsequently sexually assaulted” (see GD at [37]).

17 However, the district judge was of the opinion that the seriousness of the
offence could not be the only criteria in determining the sentence to be
imposed. She took the view that it was important to ascertain the exact role
played by the respondent in the robbery and that where the degree of
involvement was less, greater consideration could be given to the personal
circumstances of the respondent, especially since he was a young offender and
there was a likelihood of him being reformed into a law-abiding citizen by an
appropriate programme of rehabilitation (GD at [38]). In the result, the
district judge decided that even though the offence before her was aggravated,
the degree of involvement of the respondent was not so serious as to make the
granting of probation inappropriate.

18 The district judge regarded the involvement of the respondent to be less
serious than his accomplices because the respondent had not gone out on the
fateful night specifically to commit an offence. His main failing was that he
did not dissociate himself from his accomplices when they informed him of
their plan (GD at [41]). The district judge paid particular attention to the
fact that the role which the respondent played was “rather small”. In her
view, other than pushing the victim and throwing out one of her shoes from the
car, the respondent did not himself participate in the assault on the victim
or in the snatching of the handbag (GD at [41]). Furthermore, the district
judge also came to the conclusion that since the respondent’s role in the
“first attack [on the victim] was minor”, it could not be seriously regarded
as “being material in setting the stage for the subsequent [sexual] attack”
(GD at [44]).

19 Additionally, later in the GD (at [50]), the district judge also considered
that any public interest in deterring such serious offences as robbery would
not be harmed by imposing a sentence other than the term of imprisonment and
caning prescribed by s 392 read with s 34 of the Penal Code. She was of the
view that general deterrence would be “well served by appropriate sentences in
respect of the [respondent’s] accomplices who played a more significant role”.
Further, in considering specific deterrence, the district judge concluded that
this was not required here as she was satisfied that the risk of re-offending
by the respondent was low.

20 Ultimately, taking all these factors into consideration, the district judge
concluded that the respondent’s culpability was not of such a level as to make
a sentence based on the rehabilitation principle and, specifically, the
granting of probation, inappropriate.

_The respondent’s prospects of reform and rehabilitation_

21 In considering the respondent’s prospects of reform and rehabilitation, the
district judge decided that the factors in favour of rehabilitation were
“fairly strong” (GD at [46]). Taking into account the respondent’s good
conduct at home and in school as well as his home environment, the district
judge assessed that the involvement of the respondent in the present case was
“out of his normal character and could be put down to a lack of judgment” (GD
at [48]). Furthermore, the district judge opined that the respondent’s
involvement was “not indicative of either a deep rooted disregard for public
order and lawful conduct, or a recalcitrant criminal character”.

**_The district judge’s decision_**

22 After evaluating the submissions and ascertaining the personal
circumstances of the respondent, the district judge determined that the
sentence prescribed by s 392 of the Penal Code was inappropriate. As between
probation and reformative training, the former was found to be more suitable.
In the result, the district judge granted supervised probation to the
respondent for a period of 18 months with additional conditions. The ultimate
basis of the district judge’s decision is aptly summarised at [49] and [51] of
the GD, which I reproduce below:

It was clear that a proper balance had to be struck between the needs of this
young offender on one hand and the desire to impose a sanction that
appropriately expresses public condemnation for the aggravated offence that he
had committed. Weighing the offence seriousness, the culpability of the
[respondent] as well as his rehabilitative prospects, I was of the view that
offence seriousness here did not necessitate the imposition of a term of
imprisonment and caning. As noted earlier, the circumstances of the commission
of robbery with common intention can be greatly varied and a blanket approach
is not always necessary to enforce deterrence. Furthermore, deterrence should
not override proportionality, which requires that the sentence imposed should
commensurate with the responsibility of the [respondent] ...

...

As between probation and Reformative training, I was of the view that it would
have been more apt to sentence the [respondent] to the latter if I had found
the [respondent] to have a character that was less amenable to rehabilitation
through the community based programmes that underlie probation. It would be
appropriate and necessary if the [respondent] had displayed some possibility
of reform but through the regimentation and discipline of a programme removing
him from his home and the larger community, with all its possible temptations
and opportunities to re-offend. The [respondent] here, however, did not
display such characteristics and therefore, probation was definitely a viable
option for him in achieving effective rehabilitation.

23 The Prosecution’s appeal against the sentence ordered by the district judge
formed the subject of the appeal.

The parties’ arguments on appeal

24 The Prosecution’s appeal was premised on the overarching contention that
the sentence imposed by the district judge was manifestly inadequate. In
particular, the Prosecution advanced three grounds of appeal. It was submitted
that the district judge had erred in:

(a) failing to place sufficient weight on the aggravating factors in the
present case;

(b) placing undue weight on the probation reports and rehabilitative prospects
of the respondent; and

(c) failing to take account of the relevant sentencing principles.

25 In response to the first ground of appeal, counsel for the respondent
submitted that it could not be said that the district judge had erred in not
placing sufficient weight on the aggravating factors in the present case, but
rather that she had found the respondent’s accomplices to have played a more
significant role. It was contended that the Prosecution was in effect relying
heavily on the additional offence of rape committed by the respondent’s
accomplices to reinforce the seriousness of the offending behaviour against
the victim. This, according to counsel for the respondent, could not be
relevant because the respondent was not involved or charged for the offence of
rape.

26 As for the second ground of appeal, counsel for the respondent submitted
that the district judge could not be faulted for having considered and then
deciding that in this case the respondent was unlikely to repeat his offence
and that therefore probation was more appropriate. Finally, in relation to the
third ground of appeal, it was submitted that the district judge had exercised
her discretion correctly after considering the facts and that she could not be
said to have ignored the relevant sentencing principles.

The applicable law in relation to sentencing young offenders

**_General sentencing principles_**

27 Before I consider the applicable law in relation to sentencing young
offenders, it is apposite to turn first to some general principles that are
applicable when a court passes sentence in a criminal case. In determining any
sentence, a good starting point is the four classical principles of sentencing
stated by Lawton LJ in _R v James Henry Sargeant_ (1974) 60 Cr App R 74 (“
_Sargeant_ ”). Lawton LJ in _Sargeant_ stated at 77:

What ought the proper penalty to be? … [The] classical principles are summed
up in four words: retribution, deterrence, prevention and rehabilitation. Any
judge who comes to sentence ought always to have those four classical
principles in mind and to apply them to the facts of the case to see which of
them has the greatest importance in the case with which he is dealing.

28 This general proposition has been cited repeatedly by the courts as a
valuable guide in the sentencing process: see, for example, _PP v Law Aik
Meng_ [2007] 2 SLR 814 (“ _Law Aik Meng_ ”) at [17]. In deciding which of the
four principles applies with the greatest effect, it is axiomatic that the
principles that are most relevant and have the greatest importance in a case
would affect the type and extent of sentence imposed: see _PP v_ _Tan Fook
Sum_ [1999] 2 SLR 523 (“ _Tan Fook Sum_ ”) at [15]. In every case, the
sentencing court strives to achieve a proper balance of the _applicable_
principles of these four “pillars of sentencing”: see _Chua Tiong Tiong v PP_
[2001] 3 SLR 425. The sentence imposed on the offender not only serves to
punish him, it also seeks to deter potential offenders, through fear of
punishment, and to influence offenders who have been appropriately sentenced
not to offend again. In a case such as this, where the respondent is a young
offender who has committed a serious offence, the principles of rehabilitation
and deterrence must form the prime focus of the court’s attention.

**_Rehabilitation_**

_General principles_

29 Professor Andrew Ashworth astutely notes in _Sentencing and Criminal
Justice_ (Cambridge University Press, 4th Ed, 2005) at p 82 that the
rehabilitative rationale for sentencing seeks to justify compulsory
rehabilitative measures as a medium for achieving the prevention of crime. In
turn, this usually necessitates a range of sentences and facilities designed
to offer various programmes of treatment. To that extent, therefore, the
crucial questions for the sentencing judge concern the perceived needs of the
offender, not the gravity of the offence committed. As was explained by Yong
Pung How CJ in _Siauw Yin Hee v PP_ [1995] 1 SLR 514 (at 516, [7]):

Certainly the rehabilitation of offenders constitutes one of the objectives by
which a court is guided in passing sentence. It is as a corollary of this that
the courts retain the discretion to decide the appropriateness of a
rehabilitative sentence (such as probation) in any individual case. In
virtually every case in which probation or a conditional discharge is asked
for by an accused person, remorse is professed; reformation is promised. Yet,
plainly, such assurances by themselves cannot form the sole basis on which a
decision as to the suitability of a rehabilitative sentence is made. _The
court must take into account various other factors including evidence of the
accused’s previous response to attempts at rehabilitating him_. Thus, for
example, all things being equal, a court will be far more disinclined to order
probation in the case of an accused who has in the past flouted with impunity
the conditions imposed by a probation order. [emphasis added]

30 Similarly, as Mirko Bagaric notes in _Punishment & Sentencing: A Rational
Approach_ (Cavendish Publishing Limited, 2001) (“ _Punishment and Sentencing_
”) at p 151, rehabilitation, like specific deterrence, aims to discourage the
commission of future offences by the offender. The difference between the two
lies in the means used to discourage crime. Rehabilitation seeks to _alter the
values of the offender_ so that he or she no longer desires to commit criminal
acts by way of reducing or eliminating the factors which contributed to the
conduct for which the offender is sentenced.

_Rehabilitation to be focus in sentencing young offenders generally_

Why is rehabilitation the focus for young offenders?

31 The principle of rehabilitation in sentencing generally assumes centre-
stage when the offender is young, specifically, when he is below 21 years of
age. The local cases which state this to be the position have not always
explicitly explored the _reasons_ why this is so, but I must acknowledge that
the proposition is such a self-evident one that further explanation may not be
necessary.

32 Indeed, there have been a catalogue of cases suggesting that the courts
will inevitably (although not inexorably) place rehabilitation at the
forefront of their sentencing considerations in relation to cases involving
young offenders. This was stated to be so by Yong CJ in _PP v Mok Ping Wuen
Maurice_ [1999] 1 SLR 138 (“ _Maurice Mok_ ”) at [21] and [25]. In that case,
the accused, 17 years of age, with no previous conviction, pleaded guilty to a
charge of robbery in furtherance of a common intention with two others. He
also pleaded guilty to a charge of consumption of a controlled drug. A third
charge of pushing a police constable with intent to deter him from discharging
his duty as a public servant was taken into consideration. The accused was
convicted and ordered to undergo reformative training. Both the Public
Prosecutor and the accused appealed against sentencing. In dismissing both
appeals, Yong CJ said (at [21]) that:

_Rehabilitation is the dominant consideration where the offender is 21 years
and below. Young offenders are in their formative years and chances of
reforming them into law-abiding adults are better_. The corrupt influence of a
prison environment and the bad effects of labelling and stigmatisation may not
be desirable for young offenders. Compassion is often shown to young offenders
on the assumption that the young ‘don’t know any better’ and they may not have
had enough experience to realise the full consequences of their actions on
themselves and on others. Teens may also be slightly less responsible than
older offenders, being more impressionable, more easily led and less
controlled in their behaviour. However, there is no doubt that some young
people can be calculating in their offences. _Hence the court will need to
assess the facts in every case_. [emphasis added]

33 Following Yong CJ’s pronouncement in _Maurice Mok_ ([32] _supra_), the
general principle that rehabilitation is to be the dominant consideration in
cases involving young offenders was further elucidated by Tay Yong Kwang J in
the High Court decision of _Lim Pei Ni Charissa v PP_ [2006] 4 SLR 31 (“
_Charissa Lim_ ”). In that case, the appellant was convicted on seven charges
under s 420 read with s 109 of the Penal Code for the abetment of cheating
offences relating to the use of stolen credit cards and was sentenced to 33
months’ imprisonment by the trial judge. The appellant was between 17 and 18
years of age at the time of the offences. The credit cards had been stolen by
the appellant’s then boyfriend, who had used the credit cards to make various
purchases over two periods in 2003 and 2004. Many of the purchases were made
for the appellant’s benefit. The appellant appealed against both her
conviction and sentence. In dismissing the appellant’s appeal against
conviction but allowing the appellant’s appeal against sentence (and varying
the sentence to a probation order), Tay J reaffirmed the principle stated in
_Maurice Mok_ that rehabilitation was the dominant consideration where the
offender was 21 years and below. However, Tay J was quick to stress (at [16])
that there is a need to strike a balance between public interest and the
interest of the offender, and that probation may be inappropriate in cases
where serious offences such as robbery or other violent crimes have been
committed, or where the offender has antecedents. He noted at [17]:

[W]hile it may be the case that the more egregious the offence or the more
recalcitrant the offender, the less likely the offender will be able to
convince the court that he or she will reform and respond to rehabilitation,
there is nothing in the cases or in the statutes that indicate that the courts
must view such circumstances as always ruling out the possibility of
probation. In all such cases, the guiding principle is the likely
responsiveness of the young offender to rehabilitation. The court must apply
its mind to the facts of each case and, in particular, the probation report.

Rehabilitation is not invariably dominant consideration in some cases
involving young offenders

34 While I have stated above the general principle that rehabilitation must be
the dominant consideration in cases involving young offenders, it does not
follow that this is _always_ the case. For example, in _PP v Mohamed Noh Hafiz
bin Osman_ [2003] 4 SLR 281 (“ _Mohamed Noh Hafiz bin Osman_ ”), the accused,
a 17-year-old male, pleaded guilty to ten charges. He had followed young girls
into lifts of public housing estates as they were heading home alone. When
they emerged from the lift, he attacked them from behind, covered their mouths
and pulled them to the staircase landings where he molested them. These facts
led to four charges of aggravated outrage of modesty. He was also charged for
two rape offences and three unnatural sex charges as well as a robbery charge
pertaining to a mobile phone he took forcibly from a girl’s pocket when he
accosted her. The accused also admitted 19 other charges and consented to
having them taken into consideration in sentencing. These were nine charges of
aggravated outrage of modesty, one charge of unnatural sex, four charges of
robbery, three charges of theft and two charges under the Films Act (Cap 107,
1998 Rev Ed). Counsel for the accused asked for reformative training as the
accused was young and was willing to change. In mitigation, he submitted that
the accused had a difficult childhood and had suffered emotional scars.

35 Tay J sentenced the accused to 20 years’ imprisonment and 24 strokes of the
cane. He considered that reformative training was inappropriate in the light
of the number of offences and the nature of the offences. The accused had been
shockingly audacious in committing most of the attacks in the day, near the
homes of his victims. Eleven young girls were subjected to intense emotional
trauma and indelible hurt by his despicable acts. This is a clear example of a
case where the offence was so serious and the actions of the offender so
outrageous that rehabilitation had to be subordinated to some more serious
form of corrective punishment.

36 In such cases it is evident that the principle of deterrence has to assume
far greater importance than that of rehabilitation. I will discuss the
principle of deterrence later in these grounds of decision. For now, sticking
closely with the issue of rehabilitation, I will touch on the various
rehabilitative sentencing options open to the courts in cases involving young
offenders.

_The relevant legislative provisions facilitating the rehabilitation of young
offenders_

Probation orders

NATURE OF PROBATION ORDERS

37 I turn first to probation orders. As the authors of _Sentencing Practice in
the Subordinate Courts_ (LexisNexis, 2nd Ed, 2003) (“ _Sentencing Practice_ ”)
helpfully note at p 37, the High Court, the District Courts and the
Magistrates’ Courts are empowered by the Probation of Offenders Act (Cap 252,
1985 Rev Ed) (“POA”) to make probation orders. The aim of a probation order is
to secure the rehabilitation of the offender and is legislatively provided for
by s 5(1) of the POA, which provides as follows:

**Probation.**  
**5.** —(1) Where a court by or before which a person is convicted of an
offence (not being an offence the sentence for which is fixed by law) is of
the opinion that having regard to the circumstances, including the nature of
the offence and the character of the offender, it is expedient to do so, the
court may, instead of sentencing him, make a probation order, that is to say,
an order requiring him to be under the supervision of a probation officer or a
volunteer probation officer for a period to be specified in the order of not
less than 6 months nor more than 3 years:

Provided that where a person is convicted of an offence for which a specified
minimum sentence or mandatory minimum sentence of imprisonment or fine or
caning is prescribed by law, the court may make a probation order if the
person —

(_a_) has attained the age of 16 years but has not attained the age of 21
years at the time of his conviction; and

(_b_) has not been previously convicted of such offence referred to in this
proviso, and for this purpose section 11(1) shall not apply to any such
previous conviction.

38 According to an information booklet published by the Probation Services
Branch of the Ministry of Community Development, Youth and Sports, “National
Standards for the Probation of Offenders and their Rehabilitation in the
Community” (at para 3.1.4) (available online at:
http://www.mcys.gov.sg/MCDSFiles/Resource/Materials/standards_probation_rehabilitation.pdf
(last accessed: 31 October 2007), where an offender is granted probation, the
court will prepare and endorse the probation order and the probationer shall
comply with the following basic conditions of the said order:

(a) to be of good behaviour and keep the peace;

(b) to report and receive visits from the Probation Officer or Volunteer
Probation Officer;

(c) to not change his or her job or school without the prior approval of the
Probation Officer or Volunteer Probation Officer;

(d) to notify the Probation Officer or Volunteer Probation Officer forthwith
of any change of his or her residence; and

(e) to carry out such lawful instructions as may from time to time be given by
the Probation Officer or Volunteer Probation Officer.

In addition, a probationer shall also comply with any other additional
conditions imposed by the court. These may include complying with a time
restriction, performing community service, residing in a hostel or the signing
of a bond for parents.

39 Upon reaching six months of supervision, the progress of probationers shall
be reviewed by the Adult or Juvenile Probation Case Committees respectively.
Subsequent reviews of the progress of the adult or juvenile probationers shall
be determined by the respective Committees.

40 Finally, the probationer and his or her family have to attend a pre-
termination programme conducted by the Probation Service within two months
prior to the completion of probation. Where a probationer requires further
assistance after the probation period, the Probation Officer can refer him or
her to a suitable voluntary welfare organisation. In cases where the
probationer, who has served half of his or her probation period, has shown
consistently outstanding progress, the court can consider an early discharge
from the probation order.

THE REHABILITATIVE PURPOSE OF PROBATION ORDERS

41 It has been observed by Eric Stockdale and Keith Devlin in _The Criminal
Law Library, vol 5: Sentencing_ (Waterlow Publishers, 1st Ed, 1987) (“
_Sentencing_ ”) at p 208 that probation is primarily reformative in the sense
that its aim is the reintegration of the offender in the community. It in turn
seeks to provide support for the individual so as to assist him in avoiding
the commission of further crime. Thus, as probation helps the offender to
become more responsible for his own actions, it in turn advances the greater
public interest by helping to protect society as a whole.

42 The above observations are similarly true in Singapore. In the local
context, close to two decades ago, J K Canagarayar penned a compelling article
(“Probation in Singapore” (1988) 30 Mal LR 104) (“Probation in Singapore”) in
which he painstakingly traced the origins of the POA and deduced that, in the
main, the legislative intent behind the Act is to promote the rehabilitation
of young first-time offenders. According to Canagarayar (at p 106), it would
seem that when probation was introduced to Singapore in 1949, the policy
makers’ objectives were simple. In view of the social dislocation caused by
the Second World War, a “rehabilitative” service was provided for children and
young persons who “… having been exposed to various forms of physical, social
and emotional deprivation, were on the threshold of delinquency and crime”.
The debates in the Legislative Council indicated that the policy makers were
also hoping to use probation “ _to prevent a class of chronic law-breakers
from_ _springing_ ” (see _Proceedings of the Second Legislative Council,
Colony of Singapore_ , 1st Session (1951) at p B126).

43 Two years later in 1951, a Probation of Offenders Ordinance (Ordinance No
18 of 1949) was enacted. This Ordinance clarified the scope and role of
probation as a judicial disposition and made provision for the extension of
probation to adults. The debates in the Legislative Council disclose that
probation was extended to adults as an alternative to prison as it would not
serve the “interests of the community” to send certain offenders, in view of
the “nature of their offence”, to prison for short terms. It was instead felt
that periods of short term imprisonment would be of little use as “reformatory
measures”. Therefore, as Canagarayar states at p 106 of “Probation in
Singapore” ([42] _supra_), probation was clearly linked to the type of offence
that was committed by the offender. Indeed, the learned author points out that
the available statistics of adult offenders sent to probation in Singapore
since the 1950s reveal that the nature of the offence rather than the
characteristics of the offender has played a major role in decisions to place
offenders on probation.

Reformative training

THE NATURE OF REFORMATIVE TRAINING

44 Apart from probation orders, the courts are empowered by s 13 of the
Criminal Procedure Code (Cap 68, 1985 Rev Ed) (“CPC”) to impose reformative
training in lieu of any other sentence. For completeness, s 13(1) of the CPC
is set out in full:

**Reformative training**

**13.** —(1) Where a person is convicted by the High Court or a District Court
of an offence punishable with imprisonment and that person —

(_a_) is, on the day of his conviction, not less than 16 but under 21 years of
age; or

(_b_) is, on the day of his conviction, not less than 14 but under 16 years of
age and has, prior to his conviction, been dealt with by a court in connection
with another offence and had, in respect of that other offence, been ordered
to be sent to an approved school established under section 62 of the Children
and Young Persons Act (Cap. 38),

and the High Court or District Court (as the case may be) is satisfied, having
regard to his character and previous conduct and to the circumstances of the
offence of which he is convicted, that it is expedient with a view to his
reformation and the prevention of crime that he should undergo a period of
training in a reformative training centre, that Court may, in lieu of any
other sentence, pass a sentence of reformative training.

45 An offender sentenced to reformative training is detained in a RTC for a
period between 18 months and three years. While there, the offender undergoes
a comprehensive rehabilitation programme in a closed and structured
environment. The period of detention is determined by the visiting justices
(see Schedule D to the CPC).

46 Upon his release, the offender is placed under supervision until the
expiration of four years from the date of his sentence. While under
supervision, the offender must comply with the requirements as may be so
specified. If the offender fails to comply with any of the requirements while
under supervision, he may be ordered to be recalled to the RTC for further
detention until the end of three years from the date of his sentence or the
end of six months from the date he is taken into custody under the order of
recall, whichever is the later. This is provided that such further detention
will not extend beyond the end of four years from the date of his sentence.

THE REHABILITATIVE PURPOSE OF REFORMATIVE TRAINING

47 Again, as correctly noted by the authors of _Sentencing Practice_ at p 34,
reformative training is a _rehabilitative_ sentence: see also _Senthil Kumaran
s/o Veerappan v PP_ [2007] SGDC 221 at [12]. The court must be satisfied,
having regard to the offender’s character and previous conduct, and to the
circumstances of the offence, that it is expedient with a view to his
reformation and the prevention of crime that he should undergo a period of
training in a RTC. This legislative intent is confirmed by the relevant
parliamentary debates. In 1956, the then-Chief Secretary, Mr W A C Goode, at
the Second Reading of the Criminal Procedure Code (Amendment) Bill said
(_Singapore Parliamentary Debates, Official Report_ (5 December 1956) vol 2 at
col 1068):

Sir, this is the first of three Bills standing in my name in the Order Paper
all of which are measures to enact the legislation required to establish in
Singapore the system of reformative training for young offenders between the
ages of 16 and 21, which is commonly known as the Borstal System. We already
have provision for children and young persons, that is to say, the age group 7
to 16. They are provided for under the Children and Young Persons Ordinance by
means of remand homes, approved schools, approved homes and other special
places of detention; and provision has also been made for the reformative
treatment of those who are over 21 years of age. The High Court can sentence
them to corrective training with a view to their reformation and the
prevention of crime, but as yet we have no properly established system for
dealing with the age group 16 to 21. As a temporary expedient, we have
segregated them from the older and hardened criminals in the prison by setting
aside a Young Offenders Section to which those young people over 15 are now
sent. But this has only achieved segregation and has not provided adequately
for any reformative training, nor have the courts at present power to sentence
people to reformative training. It is high time that we did make proper
provision for the enlightened treatment of this age group 16 to 21. _This is
an age at which _the majority_ are likely to respond to expert efforts to
reclaim them from crime and to prevent them from becoming criminals_.
[emphasis added]

Similarly, the then-Minister of State for Law and Home Affairs, Prof S
Jayakumar said at the Second Reading of the Criminal Procedure Code
(Amendment) Bill in 1983 that (_Singapore Parliamentary Debates, Official
Report_ (24 March 1983) vol 42 at col 1637):

_Sir, male offenders between 16 and 21 years of age are at present sentenced
upon conviction to detention in the Reformative Training Centre, for treatment
and rehabilitation_. Such offenders are detained in the Centre for a period of
about 18 to 36 months. Subject to good behaviour during their period of
reformative training and upon approval by the Board of Visiting Justices, the
trainees are released conditionally and placed under the supervision of an
Aftercare Officer from the Ministry of Social Affairs, until the expiration of
four years from the date of the sentence. [emphasis added]

48 The same can be said about Borstal training in the United Kingdom (“the
UK”) before it was abolished by the passage of the (UK) Criminal Justice Act
1982. Before 1982, a sentence of Borstal training could be passed on an
offender convicted of an offence punishable with imprisonment and aged under
21 on the day of his conviction, if the court is of the opinion, having regard
to the circumstances of the offence, and after taking into account the
offender’s character and previous conduct, that it is expedient that he should
be detained for training for not less than six months: s 20(1) of the (UK)
Criminal Justice Act 1948 (as amended) and s 1(2) of the (UK) Criminal Justice
Act 1961. While there is a deterrent dimension to Borstal training (see [59]
below), it was generally regarded as a rehabilitative measure, designed to
provide the offender with the social, vocational or educational training he
requires: see D A Thomas, _Principles of Sentencing_ (Heinemann, 2nd Ed, 1979)
(“ _Principles of Sentencing_ ”) at p 262.

49 In more recent times, when young adult offenders in the UK, that is,
offenders between 18 and 21 years of age, are committed to young offender
institutions (“YOIs”), the rehabilitative element is nonetheless retained.
Every YOI offers education classes as well as practical training courses that
will improve their skills and chances of finding a job once they have been
released. Pre-release courses, led by prison officers with the involvement of
specialists from outside the prison, help young offenders tackle the issues
that might face them when they leave , such as accommodation, benefits, drugs
and family: see H M Prison Service website at
<http://www.hmprisonservice.gov.uk/adviceand
support/prison_life/youngoffenders> (last accessed: 31 October 2007).

_Summary of the rehabilitative sentencing options for young offenders_

50 The twin options of probation orders and reformative training generally
allow the courts the framework to tailor each sentence to fit the needs of the
offender, particularly if the offender is one less than 21 years of age, where
the need for and chances of rehabilitation are especially acute. Before I
leave this review of the rehabilitative options, I should also state that the
courts will certainly benefit from the continual exploration of more creative
sentencing options by the legislature that might further assist in the
rehabilitation of young offenders. As such, I am greatly encouraged by the
recent response by the Senior Minister of State for Law, Assoc Prof Ho Peng
Kee, when he provided a preview of the possible future options available to
the courts (for example, short-term detention to further pave the middle
ground between probation and reformative training) in reply to Mr Christopher
de Souza’s questions regarding the review of the CPC and the POA (see
_Singapore Parliamentary Debates, Official Report_ (27 August 2007) at vol
83). It bears mention that in some jurisdictions, like the UK, the authorities
and/or the courts have a large armoury of options to deal with youth crime.
These include, Referral Orders, Action Plan Orders, Reparation Orders and
Parenting Orders.

**_Deterrence_**

_General principles_

51 Balanced against the rehabilitative principle is the need for deterrence.
My views on the application of deterrence as a sentencing principle have been
extensively stated in _Tan Kay Beng v PP_ [2006] 4 SLR 10 (“ _Tan Kay Beng_ ”)
at [29]–[34] and, more recently, in _Law Aik Meng_ ([28] _supra_) at
[18]–[27]. It thus suffices for me to merely reiterate that there are two
aspects to deterrence: specific deterrence which is deterrence of the offender
and general deterrence which is deterrence of like-minded offenders.

52 More particularly, general deterrence aims at educating and deterring other
like-minded members of the general public by making an example of the
particular offender: see _Meeran bin Mydin v PP_ [1998] 2 SLR 522. The
sentence awarded must not be an insubstantial one, in order to drive home the
message to other like-minded persons that such offences will not be tolerated,
but not so much as to be unjust in the circumstances of the case: _Xia Qin Lai
v PP_ [1999] 4 SLR 343.

53 In fact, it may be useful to mention that in _Law Aik Meng_ ([28] _supra_ ,
at [24]), I had listed out several examples of offences in which _general_
deterrence assumes significance and relevance. These are as follows:

(a) offences against or relating to public institutions, such as the courts,
the police and the civil service;

(b) offences against vulnerable victims;

(c) offences involving professional or corporate integrity or abuse of
authority;

(d) offences affecting public safety, public health, public services, public
or widely used facilities or public security;

(e) offences affecting the delivery of financial services and/or the integrity
of the economic infrastructure; and

(f) offences involving community and/or race relations.

In a related vein, examples of particular circumstances of an offence which
may attract general deterrence include:

(a) prevalence of the offence;

(b) group/syndicate offences;

(c) public disquiet;

(d) difficulty of detection and/or apprehension; and

(e) offences affecting several victims.

54 Here, I must reiterate my own warning in _Law Aik Meng_ ([28] _supra_ , at
[26]) that “one must always bear in mind that such broadly defined areas of
misfeasance attracting general deterrence as a sentencing consideration are by
no means mutually exclusive or cumulatively exhaustive”. Nonetheless, in the
context of the discussion to follow below, these factors would provide a
useful backdrop against which the appropriate balance between the principles
of rehabilitation and deterrence can be more accurately calibrated.

_The deterrent effect of probation orders and reformative training_

The limited deterrent effect of probation orders

55 The learned authors of _Sentencing_ ([41] _supra_) postulate at p 209 that
there is an element of discipline involved in the submission of the offender
while at liberty to the supervision of the probation officer. In my view, in
so far as it is suggested that such inherent discipline translates into some
form of deterrence, more specific than general, and such deterrent effect
would be penumbral at best. The key principle at play in probation would
primarily be rehabilitation and not deterrence. Indeed, the Morison Committee
observed in 1962 that (see _Report of the Department Committee on the
Probation Service_ (1962) HMSO (Cmnd 1650) at [13]):

We see probation as epitomising [the principle that society sought to protect
itself against crime and show disapproval of the wrongdoer] because while it
seeks to protect society through the supervision to which the offender is
required to submit, it both minimises the restrictions placed upon him and
offers him the help of society in adjusting his conduct to its demands. It
seeks to strengthen the offender’s resources so that he may become a more
responsible member of the community, which must also play a part in
rehabilitating him. The offender is conditionally entrusted with freedom so
that he may learn the social duties it involves ...

56 I would think that the same remarks can be said about probation orders in
Singapore. They do exert some form of deterrence, but such deterrence,
generally speaking, must be regarded as being relatively modest in nature. In
this regard, I note that there are three grades and periods of probation,
_viz_ , administrative probation (six months to one year), supervised
probation (one to two years) and intensive probation (two to three years). For
the case of intensive probation, in addition to the conditions which may be
imposed for administrative probation and supervised probation, the court may
order the offender to reside for a specified period in an approved institution
or home or hostel, and to be electronically tagged. I must acknowledge that
intensive probation involving such a period of stay may have some level of
deterrence for some young offenders. In addition, the recommended hours of
community service order which is recommended to be imposed increases with each
grade of probation. From about 40 hours recommended for administrative
probation, the number of hours recommended for intensive probation is between
120 to 240 hours. This must similarly exert some degree of deterrence on young
offenders.

The deterrent dimension of reformative training

THE RELATIVE AND ABSOLUTE DETERRENCE OF REFORMATIVE TRAINING

57 While reformative training, like probation, is a rehabilitative sentence,
its deterrent effect, in my view, has not been emphasised sufficiently. While
a stint at the RTC is rehabilitative in nature because there will be a
structured reformative programme designed to make the offender a law-abiding
citizen when he is reintegrated into society, that does not preclude the same
stint from having a deterrent effect. Indeed, the numerous cases in which
offenders plead for probation orders as opposed to say, reformative training
or a term of imprisonment, implicitly echo the deterrent effect of reformative
training. If not, why would offenders not (generally speaking) forgo the plea
for probation and undergo reformative training voluntarily? In this sense, the
deterrence is _relative_ as compared to other sentencing options. Thus, a
sentencing option is a deterrent because there is something lower in the scale
of punishment which can be regarded as being less severe than the present
option. The deterrence to the specific offender and the general community is
that the sentencing court is sentencing the present offender to an option
which is not at the lowest end of the scale, so far as punishment is
concerned. Indeed, as the scale of punishment goes, one would be hard pressed
to disagree with the proposition that a probation order stands as a less
serious alternative to reformative training. That is the entire basis of
deterrence in a relative sense.

58 In an absolute sense, however, it is equally true that reformative training
has a deterrent effect. Without comparing reformative training to the
imposition of various types of probation orders, it is clear that reformative
training by itself, with the attendant element of incarceration, implicitly
carries with it a significant deterrent effect, both on a specific and general
level. As such, it is my view that the sentencing option of reformative
training provides the courts with a middle-ground that broadly encapsulates
the twin principles of rehabilitation and deterrence in relation to young
offenders.

SIMILAR DETERRENT EFFECT IN SIMILAR SCHEMES IN THE UK

59 As I mentioned above (at [48]), there was a similar deterrent effect in
Borstal training (before it was abolished) in the UK. According to Thomas in
_Principles of Sentencing_ ([48] _supra_) at p 262, the sentence of Borstal
training was originally intended to provide the courts with a training measure
for offenders in their late adolescence who were developing persistently
delinquent tendencies. However, with the passage of the (UK) Criminal Justice
Act 1961, which restricted the powers of the sentencing court to impose
sentences of imprisonment on offenders under 21, Borstal training was
effectively the only intermediate-length custodial sentence available for the
majority of young adult offenders before 1982. As a result, the sentence of
Borstal training was no longer seen exclusively as a training measure and came
to be approved in cases where a _deterrent sentence_ was considered necessary.

60 More recently the UK introduced new custodial sentences options for
offenders aged ten to 17, including the detention and training order (“DTO”).
The underpinning statutory basis for this is to be found in the (UK) Powers of
Criminal Courts (Sentencing) Act 2000, as amended by the (UK) Criminal Justice
Act 2003. Under a DTO, the young offender serves half the sentence in a YOI
and is then released under supervision for the remainder of the sentence.
According to the (UK) Detention Centre Rules 1983, Rule 4, which applied to a
similar “detention centre order” for males aged 14 to 20 under the then-in-
force s 15(11) of the (UK) Criminal Justice Act 1982, the aims of the
detention centres are:

… to provide disciplined daily routine; to provide work, education and other
activities of a kind that will assist offenders to acquire or develop personal
resources and aptitudes; to encourage offenders to accept responsibility, and
to help them with their return to the community in co-operation with the
services responsible for their supervision.

However, as is noted in _Sentencing_ ([41] _supra_) at p 177, detention
centres, presumably representative of the current YOI in the UK, are probably
associated in the minds of most people with the need of the individual
offender for a short, sharp shock in order to bring him to his senses.

**_Balancing the rehabilitative aims with the need for deterrence_**

61 Having discussed the rehabilitative and deterrence principles in general
terms, it now remains to embark on the inherently delicate task of seeking a
balance between the two often competing imperatives. This of course
presupposes that the threshold question of the _dominant_ possibility of
rehabilitation is reached (see [34]–[36] above). If the offence is so heinous
and the young offender so devoid of any realistic prospect of being reformed
then deterrence must form the _dominant_ consideration, and the statutorily
prescribed punishment (probably imprisonment) for the offender would be the
obvious choice. I should add that even in such dire situations, the
rehabilitation of the offender has not been cast aside; indeed, the present
prison environment (assuming imprisonment is ordered) does provide some form
of rehabilitation as well. It is, however, not tailor-made for young offenders
unlike reformative training that is implemented in a special facility.

62 Assuming that a balance needs to be reached, I reiterate that not all of
the four sentencing principles may be relevant in every case (see [28] above).
Indeed, as I have said in _Tan Kay Beng_ ([51] _supra_ , at [29]):

[T]hese principles are not always complementary and indeed may even engender
conflicting consequences when mechanically applied in the process of
sentencing. In practice, judges often place emphasis on one or more sentencing
considerations in preference to, and sometimes even to the exclusion of all
the other remaining considerations.

However, where two principles have been identified as being relevant, the
pressing need for a balance between such applicable principles (see [28]
above) must mean that one cannot operate to the complete exclusion of the
other in any given case. Indeed, even when the rehabilitative principle is
_primarily_ given effect to, the courts must be slow to disavow their judicial
duty in ensuring that the other _applicable_ principles are given some measure
of representation in the ultimate sentence they pass. This was most aptly
demonstrated in _Charissa Lim_ ([33] _supra_), where Tay J made clear that the
public interest was being advanced notwithstanding the imposition of a
probation order. In other words, the balance which Tay J thought was best
struck between the rehabilitative needs of the offender and the public
interest (presumably meaning general deterrence, see _Law Aik Meng_ ([28]
_supra_ , at [27]) and _Angliss Singapore Pte Ltd v PP_ [2006] 4 SLR 653 at
[17]) was by way of the probation order.

_Rehabilitation as dominant consideration does not inevitably mean probation
orders_

63 As a preliminary point in the course of seeking the right balance between
rehabilitation and deterrence, I must state that rehabilitation as a dominant
consideration does not inevitably mean probation orders. It is important, in
my view, to emphasise that while Yong CJ had in _Maurice Mok_ ([32] _supra_)
stated that rehabilitation is to be the dominant consideration in cases
involving young offenders, he had not unequivocally equated rehabilitation
with probation.

64 Rehabilitation is a _principle_ of sentencing; on the other hand, probation
is a _form of sentence_ which the court can pass in expression of the
_principle_ of rehabilitation. While there will be many cases where the
principle and the sentence coincide, such that a probation order will
adequately give effect to the sentencing principle of rehabilitation (and any
attendant consideration of deterrence), it is much more important to bear in
mind that this is not inexorably the case. There will be many situations where
the principles of rehabilitation and deterrence can be equally promoted by
means of another sentencing option other than a probation order. Indeed, Tay J
was equally alive to this proposition in _Charissa Lim_ ([33] _supra_) when he
stated that there will be instances where probation may be inappropriate in
cases involving serious offences where the public interest needed to be
advanced on a greater basis than the rehabilitation of the offender. As I said
in _PP v Fernando Payagala Waduge Malitha Kumar_ [2007] 2 SLR 334 at [37], the
actual sentence in _Charissa Lim_ should however be confined to its
exceptional facts and not stand as a general sentencing precedent.

65 Apart from probation orders, reformative training functions equally well to
advance the dominant principle of rehabilitation, and may even represent a
better balance between the need for rehabilitation and deterrence. Even a term
of imprisonment might not be said to completely ignore the rehabilitation of
the offender, given that the prisons nowadays, as I briefly alluded to above
(at [61]), have a comprehensive set of training and counselling programs
designed to give the offender a second chance in life upon his release.
However, I readily acknowledge that a term of standard imprisonment cannot be
said to place the principle of rehabilitation as a dominant consideration.

66 In all cases, therefore, the key is always to find the most appropriate
sentencing _option_ to give effect to the dominant _principle_ of
rehabilitation, which is also balanced against the need for deterrence that
might arise for particular offences. In cases involving young offenders, the
sentencing options that give dominant consideration to the principle of
rehabilitation invariably boil down to either probation orders or reformation
training. The presence of more than one sentencing option which equally
advances the rehabilitative principle must mean that the courts’ hands are not
tied when it comes to giving effect to this principle. Any other view cannot
be right, and the courts would be remiss in the discharge of their judicial
duties by abdicating their function to determine the appropriate sentence in
consideration of the unique facts of each case.

_Factors in determining treatment to balance rehabilitative aims with need for
deterrence_

67 In determining the balance to be struck between the dominant consideration
of rehabilitation and the need for deterrence, the courts must of course pay
utmost attention to the unique facts and circumstances of each case. Without
intending the following to be cast in stone like compulsory statutory factors,
I would venture to suggest that some relevant factors include: (a) the
seriousness of the offence; (b) the culpability of the offender; (c) the
existence of antecedents; (d) the nature of the rehabilitation best suited for
the offender; (e) the availability of familial support in the rehabilitative
efforts and (f) any other special reasons or need for rehabilitation. These
factors would determine the appropriate sentence in each case.

Seriousness of the offence, culpability of the offender and antecedents

68 The seriousness of the offence committed and the culpability of the
offender inevitably affect the suitability of probation. In deciding when
probation is appropriate, one must have regard to a myriad of factors which
escape concrete categorisation because of the varied nature of the
circumstances in which offences can take place. In my view, the consideration
by the Legislative Council of the _nature of the offence_ _committed_ (see
[43] above), albeit in the context of why probation might be more suitable for
adult offenders, is a manifestation of the broad consideration that, apart
from the rehabilitative principle, there are other principles at play in the
sentencing process.

69 This was also pointed out implicitly by Parliament more recently, when it
reiterated the rehabilitative aims of probation orders, while emphasising that
such orders be granted only in _appropriate_ circumstances. For example, Mr
Yeo Cheow Tong, the then-Minister for Community Development, said at the
Second Reading of the Probation of Offenders (Amendment) Bill (_Singapore
Parliamentary Debates, Official Report_ (10 November 1993) vol 61 at col 931):

First, my Ministry’s experience with young offenders on probation shows that
94% were first offenders. About 84% of those granted probation complete it
successfully. What is significant is that for young offenders who had
committed offences involving mandatory minimum sentences and who had been
granted probation, 81% of them successfully completed their probation.

Second, when an offender is sentenced with a custodial sentence, the sentence
stands as a conviction in his or her record. On the other hand, if an offender
is placed on probation, it will not be deemed as a conviction for the record.
For young offenders, this will greatly facilitate their rehabilitation within
the community.

Young offenders are more likely to be in school or higher institutions of
learning or at early stages of employment. By placing them on probation, we
allow them to continue with their education or employment. Furthermore, they
will benefit from the personal care, guidance and supervision of a Probation
Officer. It will give them the opportunity to turn over a new leaf, and become
a responsible member of society.

This amendment will allow those who are deemed suitable by the courts to be
put on probation. Only those with relatively stable family backgrounds, good
school or employment records, and no previous delinquent traits are considered
for probation. I have no doubt that the courts, which have always been careful
and selective when considering offenders for probation, will continue to do
so.

70 As such, it can be seen that the legislature has entrusted to the courts
the discretion to decide the suitability of such offenders for rehabilitation
while weighing also in the balance the wider concerns of society. The
judiciary has recognised and put into effect these broad aims of the
legislature. For instance, in _Fay v PP_ [1994] 2 SLR 154, Yong CJ, with his
customary clarity, put across the point in no uncertain terms (at [17]):

_I do not doubt that the legislative intent behind the amendments to the
Probation of Offenders Act was to promote the rehabilitation of young first-
time offenders_. However, as demonstrated by the wording of the above proviso,
_the legislature has entrusted to the courts the discretion to decide the
suitability of such offenders for rehabilitation while weighing also in the
balance the wider concerns of society. Indeed the delicate balancing of
individual needs and community concerns is a crucial factor which, with
respect, was not sufficiently highlighted_. This court agrees that the
administration of justice should be tempered with a keen regard for the needs
of the individual as far as the ambit of our laws allows. At the same time,
our judiciary must remain conscious of its responsibility to safeguard the
interests of the law-abiding general public and to uniformly apply the law to
all those who violate it. [emphasis added]

71 In a related vein, in _PP v Muhammad Nuzaihan bin Kamal Luddin_ [2000] 1
SLR 34 (“ _Muhammad Nuzaihan bin Kamal Luddin_ ”), involving charges under the
Computer Misuse Act (Cap 50A, 1994 Rev Ed), Yong CJ expanded upon the notion
that the rehabilitative interest of the offender is related to the interests
of the community at large by highlighting that probation is never granted as
of right, and that the sentencing court would have regard to _all the
circumstances_ of the case before it decided to make a probation order (at
[16]):

_Probation under the [POA] is intended to be used to avoid the sending of
offenders of not very serious offences to jail, where they may associate with
hardened criminals, who may lead them further along the path of crime_. The
[POA] recognises that many of these crimes are committed through ignorance or
inadvertence or due to the bad influence of others. The offenders, but for
such lapses, might be expected to be good citizens in which case a term of
imprisonment might have the opposite effect to what is intended to be served
by the imposition of the sentence. The traditional and broad rationale of
probation therefore has always been to wean offenders away from a life time
career in crime and to reform and rehabilitate them into self-reliant and
useful citizens. In the case of youthful criminals, the chances of effective
rehabilitation are greater than in the case of adults, making the possible use
of probation more relevant where young offenders are concerned. … [P]robation
is never granted as of right, even in the case of juvenile offenders. In
deciding whether or not probation is the appropriate sentence in each case,
the court still has to take into account all the circumstances of the case,
including the nature of the offence and the character of the offender.
[emphasis added]

72 The imposition of probation is thus unlikely to be appropriate where there
are serious charges _even where_ the rehabilitative principle is an important
consideration. In such cases, the principle of deterrence requires that a
strong deterrent message be sent to others. Indeed, the list which I provided
in _Law Aik Meng_ ([28] _supra_), reproduced at [53] above, would provide
examples of the type of offences which demand that a strong deterrent message
be sent, rendering probation inappropriate. Similarly, the authors of
_Sentencing Practice_ ([37] _supra_) have helpfully listed some examples
giving effect to this proposition (at pp 38–39): see _PP v Sim Teck Poh_
(Criminal Case No 52 of 1997) (causing grievous hurt under s 325 read with s
149 of the Penal Code where the offenders were members of a secret society);
_Ng Huat v PP_ [1995] 2 SLR 783 (gross indecency with a male patient in the
course of employment); _Maurice Mok_ ([32] _supra_) (taxi-robbery); _Muhammad
Nuzaihan bin Kamal Luddin_ ([71] _supra_) (unauthorised access to computer
materials and to a computer service and unauthorised modification of the
contents of a computer); or where there is sophisticated or organised
criminality; or where the offender has prior antecedents.

73 I should mention that this approach is similarly taken in other
jurisdictions. In Hong Kong, for example, which has Training Centres (similar
to our RTC) established under s 4 of the (Hong Kong) Training Centres
Ordinance, it has been noted by I Grenville Cross QC and Patrick W S Cheung in
_Sentencing in Hong Kong_ (Butterworths, 2nd Ed, 1996) at p 264 that if a
young offender has committed a serious offence, a conflict may arise between
his interests, his rehabilitation, deterrence to him and to others, and the
interests of the community. The offence may be so serious that punishment and
deterrence are the predominant considerations: _Attorney General v Suen Yuen-
ming_ [1989] 2 HKLR 403 at 404.

Nature of rehabilitation best suited for the offender

74 It is also important to consider the nature of rehabilitation best suited
for the offender. For example, even if the offence committed was not serious
and the offender has no previous antecedents, probation may still not be
suitable if the offender has demonstrated an inability to be properly
disciplined at home. In such cases, reformative training could be more
suitable: see, for example, _Muhammad Nuzaihan bin Kamal Luddin_ ([71]
_supra_).

75 As a rehabilitative sentence, the whole basis of sentencing an offender to
reformative training is that the offender is considered to be amenable to
reform: _Ng Kwok Fai v PP_ [1996] 1 SLR 568. Prof Tan Yock Lin in his seminal
work, _Criminal Procedure_ (LexisNexis, 2007), vol 2 at XVIII [2554] put this
in a different way when he wrote that reformative training offers the courts a
middle ground between sending the offender to prison and the need to
rehabilitate a young offender. In other words, reformative training allows the
courts to sentence the offender to a rehabilitative programme under a
structured environment while avoiding the danger of exposing the young
offender to the potentially unsettling influence of an adult prison
environment. It presupposes that the offender in question is amenable to
rehabilitation in a closed and structured environment such as the RTC.

76 Before moving on, I must reiterate that the above considerations are not
exhaustive, and must not be taken as such.

**_General analytical framework_**

77 Accordingly, in dealing with sentencing young offenders involved in serious
offences, I propose the following analytical framework. First, the court must
ask itself whether rehabilitation can remain a predominant consideration. If
the offence was particularly heinous, or if the offender has a long history of
offending, then reform and rehabilitation may not even be possible or
relevant, notwithstanding the youth of the offender. In this case, the
statutorily prescribed punishment (in most cases a term of imprisonment) will
be appropriate.

78 However, if the principle of rehabilitation is considered to be relevant as
a dominant consideration, the next question is how to give effect to this. In
this respect, with young offenders, the courts may generally choose between
probation and reformative training. The courts have to realise that each
represents a different fulcrum in the balance between rehabilitation and
deterrence. In seeking to achieve the proper balance, the courts could
consider the factors I enumerated above, but must, above all, pay heed to the
conceptual basis for rehabilitation and deterrence.

79 With these general principles in mind, I now turn to the facts of the
present case.

Application to the present case

**_Can rehabilitation be the dominant consideration here?_**

80 The first threshold question was whether rehabilitation was a dominant
consideration. While I have stated above the general proposition that
rehabilitation should be the dominant consideration in cases involving young
offenders, it does not follow that this is _always_ the case where the factual
matrix demands that the other principles of sentencing take precedence over
that of rehabilitation. As an example of such a case I had referred to Tay J’s
decision in _Mohamed Noh Hafiz bin Osman_ ([34] _supra_) (see above at [35]).

81 In my view, the respondent in the present case plainly cannot be compared
to the accused in _Mohamed Noh Hafiz bin Osman_ ([34] _supra_). The respondent
had no antecedents and while the offence he committed was serious, it is not
as serious as the catalogue of sexual offences committed by the accused in the
case mentioned above. Taking into account the respondent’s age, I was
convinced that rehabilitation was a valid and vital consideration to be taken
into account when tailoring the sentence appropriate to him.

**_The level of deterrence necessary_**

82 However, as against the need for rehabilitation, there was the need for
deterrence, both specific and general. There were several factors revealed by
the facts to be relevant in the consideration of the necessary level of
deterrence in the present case which the district judge failed to acknowledge.

_Degree of planning and deliberation_

83 The degree of premeditation with which the respondent and his accomplices
carried out the offences ought, in my view, to be considered an aggravating
factor in sentencing. It was an undisputed fact that the respondent was fully
aware, at an early stage, of the ill intention of his accomplices and their
plan, but consciously chose not to dissociate himself even though ample
opportunities existed along the way. Further, there was no evidence to suggest
that the respondent had been threatened or pressurised to partake in the
criminal offences. Accordingly, the measure of consciousness and deliberation
that went into the commission of the offence must be treated as an aggravating
factor: see, for example, _Tan Fook Sum_ ([28] _supra_).

_The seriousness of the offence_

84 Similarly, the seriousness of the offence was an important factor which
ought to have been given greater emphasis. Even if the respondent did not
engineer the plan, it was incontrovertible that the respondent had actively
participated in the robbery, namely, by maintaining the car engine, pushing
the victim out of the car, throwing one of her shoes out of the car to avoid
detection and assisting to count the stolen money. The most damning fact was
that the respondent had blithely turned a blind eye to the very apparent
distress of the victim. The gravity of the offence was compounded by the
indignity of the physical and sexual assault that was brought to bear on the
victim, the multiple injuries she suffered and the deprivation of her
belongings. The respondent’s counsel had obliquely suggested that offences
against sex workers should perhaps not be viewed as seriously, given their
willingness to participate in a dangerous and unpleasant line of work. This
was a preposterous suggestion. Such persons are no less deserving of the
protection that the law accords to all other individuals. Indeed, the courts
often consider such persons to be vulnerable victims, given their reluctance
to come forward when offences are committed against them, for fear of
compromising their illegal activities or questionable immigration status.
Indeed, this aspect of the offence which the respondent knew about from the
outset should, quite ironically, have been viewed as an aggravating feature,
see [53(b)] above.

85 On a more general level, the seriousness of the offence, _viz_ , robbery,
must be taken into account. As I have said (at [72]), there are certain
categories of offences in respect of which even young offenders must expect to
be visited, almost as a matter of course (though, it must be stressed, not
invariably), with a period of incarceration. Rehabilitative efforts, in such
cases, can then be conducted in a more structured environment. This will have
a beneficial effect on the particular offender and be also concurrently
interpreted as an unequivocal sign that society and the courts will take an
uncompromising view in relation to the commission of certain types of
offending conduct. Almost invariably included in these categories of offences
must be those inherently involving gratuitous violence and/or the preying upon
of vulnerable victims. All who participate in such offences must be firmly
dealt with, in conjunction with any rehabilitative efforts that have been
found to be appropriate. I will not attempt in these grounds of decision to
exhaustively list out the offences which I think are serious enough to warrant
such treatment; suffice to say, the punishment prescribed for the offence
would play an essential role in determining the seriousness of the offence
concerned. _A sentencing court should take particular note of the existence of
a mandatory custodial sentence that Parliament may have prescribed._ This is,
of course, not to say that all instances of robbery involving young offenders
will be treated alike.

86 In my view, all these were factors which rendered the need for a higher
level of deterrence in the present case. The question must now be whether an
order of probation was the most appropriate balance between the need for
rehabilitation of a young offender and the need for deterrence. In my view, it
was not. However, in reassessing the balance, I was also keenly aware that, as
an appellate court, I only had limited power to vary the sentence passed by
the district judge. It is thus apposite at this juncture to examine the
principles which guided me in my overall assessment of the balance to be
struck between rehabilitation and deterrence, and whether the sentence of
probation was appropriate and, if not, whether I could vary it.

**_The appropriate sentence in this case_**

_Application principles in relation to appellate interference in sentencing_

Appellate re-appraisal of sentences

87 It is well-settled law that an appellate court has only a limited scope
when re-appraising sentences imposed by a court at first instance. This is
because sentencing is largely a matter of judicial discretion and requires a
fine balancing of myriad considerations: see _Angliss_ ([62] _supra_) at [13].

88 Notwithstanding the discretionary nature of the sentencing process, it has
also been established in cases such as _Tan Koon Swan v PP_ [1986] SLR 126 and
_PP v Cheong Hock Lai_ [2004] 3 SLR 203 that an appellate court can disturb
the sentence passed by the lower court in the following instances:

(a) where the sentencing judge had erred as to the proper factual basis for
sentence;

(b) where the sentencing judge had failed to appreciate the material placed
before him;

(c) where the sentence imposed was wrong in principle and/or law; and/or

(d) where the sentence imposed was manifestly excessive, or manifestly
inadequate, as the case may be.

89 With respect to reason (d) in the preceding paragraph, Yong CJ in _PP v
Siew Boon Leong_ [2005] 1 SLR 611 clarified what is meant by a sentence that
was manifestly excessive or inadequate (at [22]):

When a sentence is said to be manifestly inadequate, or conversely, manifestly
excessive, it means that the sentence is unjustly lenient or severe, as the
case may be, and _requires substantial alterations rather than minute
corrections_ to remedy the injustice … [emphasis added]

Indeed, in _Moey Keng Kong v PP_ [2001] 4 SLR 211 (“ _Moey Keng Kong_ ”), it
was observed that a sentence is manifestly inadequate when, although it should
reflect both the need for deterrence and retribution, it reflects only
deterrence or retribution.

90 On this premise, it bears repeating that an appellate court should only
intervene where the sentence imposed below was “manifestly” inadequate, and
that in itself implies a high threshold before intervention is warranted.
Indeed, as I had reiterated in _Angliss_ ([62] _supra_ at [14]):

The _mere fact that an appellate court would have awarded a higher or lower
sentence than the trial judge is_ _not sufficient_ to compel the exercise of
its appellate powers unless it is coupled with a failure by the trial judge to
appreciate the facts placed before him or where the trial judge’s exercise of
his sentencing discretion was contrary to principle and/or law. [emphasis
added]

Method of re-appraisal

91 Further, in assessing the adequacy of a lower court’s sentence, due regard
may be given to previous sentencing precedents involving similar facts or
offences, for the simple reason that these cases give an indication of the
appropriate sentence to be imposed, although such precedents are only
guidelines as each case ultimately turns on its own facts: see, for example,
_Viswanathan Ramachandran v PP_ [2003] 3 SLR 435 at [43]. With these
principles in mind, I turn now to consider the appropriate sentence in this
case.

_The appropriate sentence_

Whether the sentence passed was manifestly inadequate

92 Taking my earlier conclusion that the balance between rehabilitation and
deterrence was not adequately struck by way of a probation order in tandem
with the holding in _Moey Keng Kong_ ([88] _supra_) that a sentence would be
manifestly incorrect should it fail to reflect the relevant principles from
the four principles relevant in sentencing, I came to the firm decision that I
was at liberty to vary the probation order passed on the respondent by the
district judge.

Sentencing precedents

93 In deciding the appropriate sentence in this case, I found it helpful to
refer to sentencing precedents involving cases on similar facts. In _Maurice
Mok_ ([32] _supra_), the sentence imposed on a 17-year-old offender with no
criminal records for a charge of robbery under s 392 read with s 34 of the
Penal Code was reformative training. Similarly, in _CS v PP_ [2004] SGDC 158,
the 16-year-old offender pleaded guilty to an amended charge of using criminal
force to commit theft under s 356 read with s 34 of the Penal Code from the
original charge of robbery with hurt under s 394 of the Penal Code. The
offender, together with three accomplices, had targeted a female victim and
stolen her mobile phone in the early hours of the day (12.30am) and the latter
also sustained injuries. The respondent was found suitable for both probation
and reformative training. In sentencing the offender to reformative training,
the district judge took into account the aggravating factors including the
seriousness of the offence. Finally, in _Lim Wee Liat v PP_ (Magistrate’s
Appeal No 246 of 1997), a 16-year-old first offender who had robbed the victim
with four accomplices sometime past 11.00pm was sentenced to reformative
training.

94 In my view, these cases cited above were important sentencing precedents
which could not be airily dismissed. They reiterated the vital balance which
must be struck between rehabilitation and deterrence, taking into account the
seriousness of the offence.

95 In rounding up this review of relevant sentencing precedents, I must also
mention that I was aware that another High Court judge had recently affirmed
the decision of the district court in _PP v Khairul Zaman bin Mamon Basir_
[2007] SGDC 86 (“ _Khairul Zaman bin Mamon Basir_ ”), where the district judge
concerned had sentenced the accused to probation based on largely similar
facts. Indeed, this precedent was referred to by the district judge in this
matter as, _inter alia_ , justifying her decision to place the respondent on
probation. As no grounds of decision have been given in that case, it is
inappropriate for me to speculate on the reasons for the judge’s decision.
However, looking at the district judge’s decision in _Khairul Zaman bin Mamon
Basir_ alone, I cannot regard it as falling within the analytical framework I
have outlined above (at [76]–[77]). Secondly, I have not been able to find
compelling reasons to justify a departure from the earlier sentencing
precedents (see [93]) that unequivocally pointed towards a sentence of
reformative training on facts similar to those in this case. I am pleased to
note, however, that the district judge in _Khairul Zaman bin Mamon Basir_ has
since in _Alex Tee Kheng Hong v PP_ [2007] SGDC 228 (“ _Alex Tee_ ”) rendered
another decision which, in my view, correctly achieves the appropriate balance
between rehabilitation and deterrence.

96 In _Alex Tee_ ([94] _supra_), an 18-year-old male was sentenced to
reformative training after being convicted of a single charge of rioting while
armed with a deadly weapon. The district judge did this after “assess[ing] the
situation carefully, considering both the needs of the offender and that of
society” (at [13]). After considering all the relevant circumstances the
district judge with precise appositeness noted at [18]–[20]:

But to my mind, in view of the seriousness of the offence, probation would not
be appropriate. The charge under s 148 involves aggravating features; not
merely was violence involved, but also weapons, namely knives. While one
victim had lacerations only, these lacerations were over his limbs, and
included a lacerated tendon; the other victim had cut muscle bellies, but
fortunately no other damage. The incident also occurred in broad daylight at a
public place, a shopping mall, in the heartland. Violent offences are bad
enough when they occur, but a blatant incident in the daytime in a public
place involves serious disregard, bordering on contempt, for law and public
order. While the Appellant did not inflict the injuries himself, that did not
lessen the seriousness of the harm caused. And the reduction of culpability
would be fairly limited given that he was nonetheless part of the unlawful
assembly with the intention to cause harm to the victims, and violence was in
fact inflicted. The injuries caused, the fact that the assailants were armed
and operated in a group, the threat to public order and the blatant way in
which the offence was committed all point to the high level of harm caused by
the offence. The culpability of the Appellant was also not low, given that he
was himself personally armed with a knife. The victims were also quite young,
one was 18 while another was only 14.

At the other end of the scale of sentencing alternatives was imprisonment,
with the possibility of caning. While the offence was serious and the other
circumstances highlighted above supported this conclusion, I did not conclude
that they were such as to wholly override the rehabilitative interest. It may
be that there would be instances where rehabilitation must be trumped by
punishment or deterrence, such as perhaps drug trafficking by a relatively
older youth, but I did not find the present case to be one. The positive
factors noted in his probation report did support the conclusion that
rehabilitation was viable and had a real prospect of success. Imprisonment was
not therefore a necessary response.

Rather, what best balanced the competing interests was reformative training.
While reformative training does potentially have both a punitive and deterrent
effect, such qualities are incidental; the aim of the regime is reformative. …

97 While consistency in sentencing practice among appellate judges is
desirable, it bears emphasis that if an unexplained departure from an
established sentencing practice (particularly if it does not appear to accord
with the applicable analytical sentencing framework) is made, then it is of
little persuasive value. Lower courts should not speculate as to the plausible
reasons behind such decisions and must assume, without any further indication
to the contrary, that the appellate judge concerned had applied the applicable
analytical sentencing framework and then reached a different conclusion
because of the unique facts of the case. _If there has been a considered
change in the applicable legal principles, or in general, sentencing
policy/philosophy, the lower courts must understand that such a change will
only be made by an appellate court explicitly and with reasoned grounds. Above
all, lower courts must apply their minds to the facts of each case and apply
settled sentencing principles to all matters heard by them._

The sentence passed

98 The principal offences committed in the appeal before me are nothing short
of reprehensible and must be unequivocally deplored through appropriate
sentencing. While I am prepared to allow a certain amount of latitude for
youthful indiscretion it seems to me that the respondent was fully aware that
his adult companions intended to commit alarming offences by preying upon sex
workers. Specifically, while the respondent may not have been the prime
initiator or mover of the offending conduct, he was nevertheless a willing and
conscious participant in these disturbing offences. I simply cannot paper over
these offences and lightly dismiss them simply as isolated youthful
indiscretions. The offences were, all said and done, not committed on the spur
of the moment. They were coldly calculated, carefully schemed and calmly
executed.

99 The district judge should have carefully considered and acknowledged that
there appears to be a certain category of young offenders who will think
nothing of participating in such disturbing offences. Through the sentences,
the district judge appeared to be suggesting that the offending conduct could
be papered over merely because the offenders are youths who can be
rehabilitated by way of community-based programmes without being subjected to
some period of incarceration in a strictly structured environment. That cannot
be right. The sentences are not adequate to punish the respondent as well as
deter other prospective young offenders from committing similar offences.

100 While the district judge had considered that probation was more suitable
than reformative training in rehabilitating the respondent, she had
nevertheless allowed this concern to override her earlier acknowledgement that
the respondent had, in fact, been a participant, however slight, in a serious
offence (see [22] above). As such, the pursuit of rehabilitative aims does not
necessarily and automatically lead to the exclusion of other penal concerns
which the law requires to be considered and assessed in every sentencing
determination. Furthermore, as I have emphasised above (at [63]),
rehabilitation does not inevitably mean probation. In fact, while the district
judge had concluded that probation was a “viable” option for the respondent to
be effectively rehabilitated, she, most unfortunately, had not come to the
definite view that reformative training would _not_ equally achieve the same
rehabilitative aims (see [51] of the GD). Above all, it bears emphasising that
the importance and necessity of both general and specific deterrence cannot be
ignored in matters such as this. In my view, an order of probation ignores
this.

101 As such, I concluded that the district judge mistakenly tilted her
decision in favour of the respondent in seeking to apply the general principle
of sentencing young offenders with a lighter touch. A lighter touch which
takes into account of rehabilitative aims does not and cannot mean that young
offenders who commit serious offences are left largely untouched by the
customary penal consequences. While I acknowledged the relevance and
applicability of rehabilitative efforts to the respondent in the appeal before
me, I came to the view that the realisation of such aims cannot preclude the
general necessity of deterrence as serious offences had been committed. In the
result, I set aside the district judge’s decision and sentenced the respondent
to reformative training with immediate effect.

Conclusion

102 For the reasons above, I allowed the Prosecution’s appeal and sentenced
the respondent to reformative training. Most pertinently, as I alluded to at
the beginning of these grounds of decision (at [5]), this sentencing
“treatment” best reconciles the respondent’s rehabilitative prospects (even as
a dominant consideration) with the interests of the community at large.

103 The complex problem of youth crime and its causes is one that the courts
must take pains to understand. Sentences should never be meted out in a
ritualistic manner with the goal of rehabilitation expressed only through the
imposition of probation orders. The sentence must always fit the crime and the
commission of a serious crime, especially those involving violence,
necessarily merits a firm response. This is an area of sentencing that calls
for firmness, fairness, sensitivity and an understanding of the various
factors and circumstances that have led a young offender to commit the
particular crime. It calls for an approach that in suitable cases requires the
young offender to be punished with an appropriate sentence that could
incorporate the objective of rehabilitation either through reformative
training or a probation order. The considerations underpinning the sentencing
of every young offender are full of competing tensions and cannot afford to be
unduly rigid or orthodox. The legitimate interests of both the offender and
the community need to be appropriately assessed and balanced in each and every
individual case.

104 Youth crime has become intractable in many countries. Left unchecked, it
destroys the young offenders’ own futures, damages their families, scars the
communities in which they live and threatens the welfare of society as a
whole. In Singapore, it presents a nascent challenge and a deft and sensitive
response is necessary to contain it. In this increasingly important area of
crime control the courts play a vital role to ensure that youth crime does not
take root in the community, become rampant and burgeon out of control. This
role can be discharged through the judicious application of a formula leaning
towards rehabilitation but laced with a strong dose of deterrence in cases
where the nature of the offence calls for it. The case before me was one such
case.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 31 Oct 2007 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

