Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Sunny Metal & Engineering Pte Ltd v Ng Khim Ming Eric  
[2007] SGCA 36

Case Number | : | CA 104/2006, 105/2006  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 26 July 2007  
Tribunal/Court | : | Court of Appeal  
Coram | : |  Chan Sek Keong CJ; Lee Seiu Kin J; V K Rajah JA   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Cheong Yuen Hee and Lee Nyet Fah Alyssa (East Asia Law Corporation) for the appellant in CA 104/2006 and the respondent in CA 105/2006; Lai Yew Fei (Rajah & Tann) for the respondent in CA 104/2006 and the appellant in CA 105/2006   
Parties | : |  Sunny Metal & Engineering Pte Ltd — Ng Khim Ming Eric   
  
Contract – Contractual terms – Rules of construction – Architect hired by
contractor signing deed of indemnity with developer – Whether clauses in deed
imposing additional duties on architect beyond his statutory duties as
qualified person under Building Control Act (Cap 29, 1999 Rev Ed)  
  
Contract – Remedies – Damages – Causation – Distinction between causation and
remoteness – Distinction between causation in fact and causation in law –
Applicable test to determine causation in fact in contract – Whether different
tests of causation in fact applying in contract and tort  
  
Tort – Negligence – Damages – Pure economic loss – Applicable test to
determine imposition of duty of care – Whether architect owing duty of care to
developer in respect of additional duties beyond his statutory duties as
qualified person under Building Control Act (Cap 29, 1999 Rev Ed)  
  

26 July 2007 |   
---|---  
  
V K Rajah JA (delivering the grounds of decision of the court):

**Introduction**

1 Both Sunny Metal & Engineering Pte Ltd (“SME”) and Ng Khim Ming Eric (“Eric
Ng”) appealed against the decision of the trial judge in _Sunny Metal &
Engineering Pte Ltd v Ng Khim Ming Eric_ [2007] 1**** SLR 853 (“ _Sunny Metal_
”). Briefly, the trial judge had found Eric Ng, the project architect for a
building project developed by SME, liable for breaches of his (a) contractual
obligations, which arose from cl**** 1 (but not cl**** 4) of a deed of
indemnity signed between SME and Eric Ng dated 21**** October 1996 (“the
Deed”); and (b) tortious duties owed to SME. Consequent upon this finding, SME
was awarded judgment for the sum of $1,243.20, being damages of $447,473.50
less two items of set-offs amounting to $446,230.30: _Sunny Metal_ at [167].
SME was also allowed to recover 70% of its costs.

**_SME’s appeal in Civil Appeal No 104 of 2006_**

2 SME’s appeal in Civil Appeal No**** 104 of 2006 (“CA 104/2006”) was, in the
main, against the trial judge’s decision on the quantum of damages.
Specifically, there were four main grounds of appeal, _viz_ :

(a) on the issue of liability, whether cl**** 4 of the Deed applied to attach
contractual obligations of, _inter alia_ , supervision on Eric Ng;

(b) on the issue of damages, whether the contractual test of remoteness of
damages should apply where there was concurrent liability in _both_ contract
and tort;

(c) still on the issue of damages, whether certain claims by SME were too
remote; and

(d) whether the set-offs taken into account by the trial judge could in fact
be so utilised.

**_Eric Ng’s appeal in Civil Appeal No 105 of 2006_**

3 On the other hand, Eric Ng’s appeal in Civil Appeal No**** 105 of 2006 (“CA
105/2006”) was against the trial judge’s findings on liability, damages and
costs. Specifically, on the main issue of liability, there were four main
grounds of appeal, _viz_ :

(a) whether, on a proper construction of cl**** 1 of the Deed, Eric Ng had
agreed to undertake certain duties to SME beyond his statutory duties as a
qualified person (“QP”) under the Building Control Act (Cap 29, 1999 Rev Ed);

(b) whether Eric Ng owed certain duties in tort to SME to prevent economic
loss; and

(c) if either ground (a) _or_ (b) is answered in the affirmative, whether Eric
Ng had breached the said duties.

**_Our decision at the end of the hearing_**

4 Since Eric Ng’s appeal in CA 105/2006 concerned the issue of liability, and
it would be academic to consider the further issues on the quantum of damages
should liability not be established, we decided to hear his appeal first. In
the result, we allowed Eric Ng’s appeal against the trial judge’s decision on
liability and dismissed SME’s appeal in CA 104/2006 accordingly. We now give
detailed reasons for our decision.

**Facts**

**_Events leading up to the design-and-build contract and the Deed_**

_The first design-and-build contract_

5 The facts of this case are relatively uncontroversial. The unhappy saga
began sometime in mid-1994, when SME desired to construct and complete a
three-storey factory with an ancillary office (“the Factory”) to accommodate
its expanding business. Towards the end of 1994, SME was introduced to Lim****
Chor Hua (“Lim”) of Pierre Marc Design (“PMD”). After a series of discussions,
SME agreed to engage PMD as its design-and-build (“D&B”) contractor pursuant
to an agreement dated 12**** October 1994 (“the first D&B contract”), which
terms were in turn embodied in a letter sent by PMD to SME on 10**** October
1994. Although SME contended that the first D&B contract was in fact a
consultants’ services agreement, the terms of the first D&B contract show
quite clearly that it was meant to engage PMD as the D&B contractor for SME.
In this connection, it is pertinent to note that SME’s Sunny Pang signed and
embossed SME’s stamp on the letter dated 10**** October 1994 beneath the
words:

We, the undersigned hereby confirm to appoint you [PMD] as a [_sic_]
Architects, Consultant Engineers as well as _Tunkey [sic] Contractor_ in
accordance with the content of the above [meaning the letter from PMD to SME
dated 10**** October 1994]. [emphasis added]

The term “turnkey contractor” is often used to describe D&B contractors. It
has been said that it is intended to indicate that upon completion the key can
be turned and everything will be ready: Stephen Furst & Sir Vivian Ramsey,
_Keating on Construction Contracts_ (Sweet & Maxwell, 8th**** Ed, 2006) at
para 1-029. It was thus clear from the terms of the first D&B contract that
SME engaged PMD as its D&B contractor. Furthermore, it was also clear that the
parties proceeded on the basis that the first D&B contract was valid and
binding. For example, on 16**** February 1995, _after_ the said contract was
entered into, PMD issued an invoice to SME based on the professional fee of
6.5% mentioned in the contract.

6 Sometime in early 1995, PMD applied to Jurong Town Corporation (“JTC”) for a
plot of land for the purpose of constructing the Factory. On 14**** January
1995, JTC granted to SME a two-year licence for a plot of land at Changi South
Avenue**** 2\. SME then applied for a bank loan, which required a cost
estimate from PMD. In a letter dated 20**** January 1995, Lim submitted his
cost estimate under the letterhead of Pierre Marc Corporation Pte Ltd (“PMC”).
PMC was the construction arm of PMD, and the total development cost quoted in
this cost estimate was $4,631,415.40.

_The second design-and-build contract_

7 Subsequently, on 21**** November 1995, Lim submitted a _revised_ cost
estimate (at $3,926,400) to SME. A detailed breakdown of the scope of works
and services was enclosed with this cost estimate and it was also specifically
stated that the estimated costs did not include, _inter alia_ , the Temporary
Occupation Permit (“TOP”) certificate clearance. At around the same time, SME
engaged a quantity surveyor, Ng Boon Cheng (“NBC”), to evaluate the prices
submitted by PMC to SME. This was apparently required for the purpose of SME’s
loan application with its bank. NBC’s preliminary cost report was submitted to
SME in November or December 1995.

8 In a letter dated 6**** December 1995, SME accepted PMC’s cost estimate
dated 21**** November 1995 “based on [the] design and build concept” under its
own letterhead. Although Eric Ng contended that SME “unequivocally accepted
PMC’s offer”, it is clear that SME specifically stated in its letter dated
6**** December 1995 that “[y]our [_ie_ , PMC’s] scope of work include [_sic_]
obtaining Temporary Occupation permit”. As such, this “acceptance” by SME was
more properly a counter-offer, which was in turn _accepted_ by PMC when it
signed the acceptance at the end of the letter on 12**** December 1995. This
was the second D&B contract and what the parties had agreed to was evidently
embodied within the terms of PMC’s cost estimate dated 21**** November 1995
_modified_ by SME’s letter dated 6**** December 1995. Indeed, such an
interpretation is supported by a statement contained in the latter letter,
_viz_ :

_Your letter ref. PMC/SME/111/95 dated 21st Nov 1995_ shall form as integral
part of the award. Unless and until a formal contract is executed, _this
letter_ and _your acceptance_ of the terms and conditions _stated herein_
[referring to SME’s letter dated 6**** December 1995] shall constitute a
_binding contract_ between us. [emphasis added]

_New tenders_

9 On about 12**** March 1996, SME decided to hold back the project “[d]ue to
the over budget for the … development”. This was recorded in the minutes of a
meeting which had taken place between SME, PMC and other parties on 12****
March 1996. By this time, the piling works had already been completed (they
were in fact so completed on 15**** January 1996) and the building permit for
the Factory was received on 16**** February 1996. PMC was thus ready to carry
out the substantive construction works but this was halted as SME deferred its
final decision to commence the construction works.

10 Subsequent to this temporary cessation of works fresh tenders were invited
from other contractors. The reason for the fresh tenders is unclear. Whatever
the reason, PMC submitted a lower revised quote of about $3,591,600 in a
letter dated 27**** August 1996, and this was similar to the quotation dated
23**** April 1996 received from one Erecon Construction Co Pte Ltd, save for
some additional items.

_Further meetings and Eric Ng’s responsibilities_

11 At a meeting between SME, PMC and other parties on 11**** September 1996,
SME expressed its doubts about PMC’s ability to undertake the construction and
provided a counter-offer on various items in PMC’s offer in the letter dated
27**** August 1996. At the meeting, it was further stated that Eric Ng was
expected to obtain the TOP within two months of the completion of the Factory.
A further meeting between the parties, including Eric Ng, took place on 24****
September 1996. At this meeting, it was stated that Lim was “expected to sign
[SME’s letter dated 11**** September 1996] … [which] will become an integral
part of the construction contract”. Further, it was also stated that “Eric Ng
will from now chair all the meetings and will be responsible for _monitoring
the work of_ [PMC] and all the sub-contractors involved in the project … [and]
will be responsible for noting all the minutes of the meetings” [emphasis
added]. Subsequent to this meeting, PMC accepted in writing SME’s counter-
offer on 30**** September 1996 by signing the acknowledgement portion of SME’s
letter dated 11**** September 1996.

12 Between 6**** December 1995 and 21**** October 1996, Eric Ng performed
various acts which amounted, according to SME, to the acknowledgement of his
duties of supervision over PMC. For example, when the issue of a potential
conflict of interest of the engineer employed by PMC was raised, it was
decided at a meeting on 4**** October 1996 that “the Structural engineer will
now take instruction and receives [_sic_] his professional fee from Mr Eric
Ng”. Further, on 14**** October 1996, Eric Ng wrote to PMC warning PMC that
its “failing to meet up [_sic_] _with_ [its] commitment and fabrication of
information to mislead [SME] and consultant is intolerable” and that “should
there be any future repeat of such act, we will not hesitate to take action
against you”. This letter was apparently effective. It also bears mention that
Eric Ng also chaired all site meetings held after 24**** September 1996.

**_The third design-and-build contract and the Deed_**

_The third design-and-build contract_

13 On 21**** October 1996, SME entered into a comprehensive D&B contract with
PMC and this is the third D&B contract. This contract included the following
documents: (a) Public Sector Standard Conditions of Contract for Construction
Works (Building and Construction Authority, 1995) (“the PSSCOC”); and (b)
“Particular Conditions of Contract (For Design and Build Contract)” (“the
Particular Conditions”) which modified and augmented the PSSCOC. However,
pursuant to cl**** 3 of the contract, PMC’s letter dated 27**** August 1996
was not included.

14 Pursuant to cll**** 4 and 14.1 of the PSSCOC read with the appendix
attached to the third D&B contract, the Factory was to be completed within ten
months, _ie_ , by 20**** August 1997, at a cost of $3,926,400. In addition,
some of the more pertinent clauses of the contract are as follows.

15 First, the Particular Conditions inserted a new cl 12A to the PSSCOC, which
provided as follows:

**Supervision of Works**

(1) The Contractor shall, in compliance with the Building Control Act, appoint
an Architect and an Engineer to act as Qualified Persons under the said Act.
The Architect and Engineer are to _assist the Superintending Officer_ _in the
supervision of the Works_ and all instructions bearing on the Works may only
be issued by the _Architect_ and/or Engineer with the express written consent
of the Superintending Officer.

(2) The duties of the Architect and/or Engineer shall not in any way affect,
relieve or diminish the duties and responsibilities of the Contractor under
the Contract.

…

[emphasis added]

16 Secondly, the Particular Conditions introduced new cll 17A and 17B to the
PSSCOC which provided as follows:

**17A Temporary Occupation Permit (TOP)**

(1) The Contractor shall programme and complete the Works (including all sub-
contractors’ work) in such a manner that the Contractor’s Architect can apply
and obtain for the Employer a Temporary Occupation Permit (TOP) for the
Building.

(2) All works to enable the various submissions to be made for the application
of a TOP by the Architect must be completed to the satisfaction of the
Superintending Officer at a date not later than six (6) weeks prior to the
Time for Completion of the Contract.

…

**17B Certification of Statutory Completion**

(1) The Contractor shall effect and complete any amendment required by the
relevant authorities and … ensure that the Architect apply and obtain the
Certificate of Statutory Completion for the Employer for the Building.

…

_The deed of indemnity_

17 In addition, SME and Eric Ng also entered into the Deed. However, Eric Ng
signed the Deed only one day later, _ie_ , 22**** October 1996. The reason
given by Eric Ng as to why he did not sign on 21**** October 1996 was because
he “apparently” did not go to the lawyer’s office, although _he was aware_
that he was required to sign it on 21**** October 1996.

**_The construction works and termination of PMC_**

_Supervision of PMC’s works_

18 The construction of the Factory continued after the execution of the third
D&B contract but there were numerous delays. In this connection, Eric Ng
contended that SME did not engage any consultant to supervise PMC’s works and
that SME had assumed the responsibility to do so. SME purported to do this
through two employees, Kenny Koh (“Koh”) and Tim Tio (“Tio”). Koh was alleged
to be the project manager by virtue of such description in some of the letters
originating from SME. As for Tio, he was described as a “Project Coordinator”
in SME’s own letter dated 5**** May 1998, and also as the “Superintending
Officer” in SME’s own letter dated 11**** September 1998 read with SME’s
termination certificate dated 11**** September 1998, SME’s letter dated 21****
September 1998 and SME’s notice of termination dated 21**** September 1998.

_Payment disputes_

19 Under cl**** 32.6 of the PSSCOC read with item (viii) of the appendix, SME
was required to settle a payment certificate within 21**** days of the date of
the payment certificate. Eric Ng has contended that sometime in late 1996,
disagreements arose between SME and PMC over the delay of SME in settling the
payment certificates. We will briefly examine the relevant correspondence
between the parties which show the extent of this payment dispute later on.

_Termination of PMC and SME’s claims_

20 SME attributed the delay in the works to PMC. On 21**** August 1998, SME
set in motion the process of terminating PMC and eventually did so on 21****
September 1998. Following the termination of PMC, it followed that Eric Ng’s
appointment as architect for the Project was also terminated. This was
confirmed by SME itself in its pleaded case.

21 As PMC was subsequently liquidated in February 2000, SME commenced the
present proceedings against Eric Ng alone, contending that his breach of his
contractual obligations under the Deed and/or his tortious duties owed to SME
had caused its (SME’s) losses. In its statement of claim, SME contended that
Eric Ng was in breach of his duties to SME in that he failed to, in the main,
(a) adequately supervise and monitor the progress of the works; and (b)
procure from PMC the inspection reports, builders’ certificates and registered
inspection forms for the purpose of obtaining the TOP. The latter duty must be
distinguished from Eric Ng’s contractual duty under cl**** 17A(1) of the
Particular Conditions to apply for the TOP _upon receipt_ of the relevant
documents. For convenience, we shall refer to these two duties as the
“additional duties”. Since these additional duties were beyond Eric Ng’s
duties as a QP, they had to attach either contractually by way of the Deed or
by common law as duties of care in tort. We thus considered whether the
additional duties arose either by way of the Deed or in tort.

**Eric Ng’s liability under the Deed**

**_Whether Eric Ng agreed to undertake additional duties to SME under clause 1
of the Deed_**

_Background_

22 As the trial judge noted in _Sunny Metal_ ([1] _supra_) at [14], the issue
with regard to SME’s head of claim under the Deed was straightforward inasmuch
as it centred, in the final analysis, on the interpretation of the terms of
the Deed itself. Specifically, it involved the interpretation of the word
“duties” in cl**** 1, and whether these duties entailed the additional duties.
Clause**** 1 provided as follows:

The Consultants warrant that they shall exercise reasonable skill, care and
diligence _in the performance of their duties_ to the Contractor and/or the
Employer. [emphasis added]

23 In the trial below, upon an _objective_ construction of cl**** 1 of the
Deed (_Sunny Metal_ at [14]), the trial judge found (at [32]) that SME
“clearly intended for the Deed to give it _extra legal protection_ by
subjecting _[Eric Ng], on a personal level,_ to legal duties that [Eric Ng]
would not otherwise have had under the existing arrangement” [emphasis in
original] and that the “entire point of the Deed was therefore to ensure that
the defendant _did_ owe legal duties to [SME] as well” [emphasis in original].
The trial judge rejected Eric Ng’s contention that the _content and scope_ of
that duty were confined to duties he already owed as a QP as well as under his
own legal relationship with the main contractor (at [32]).

24 In doing so, the trial judge placed considerable emphasis on three factors.
First, the trial judge held that the purpose of cl**** 1 could not be merely
to _reiterate_ the limited duties which Eric Ng owed to SME as a QP since, if
this were the correct interpretation, cl 1 would not have any real effect and
would be an exercise in “legal redundancy and futility” (at [21] and [32]).
Secondly, the trial judge found that the _context_ under which the third D&B
contract was entered into between SME and PMC, including the discomfort SME
felt in entering into the said contract, showed “why [SME] wanted the
_additional_ (legal) protection afforded by the Deed” [emphasis in original]
(at [32]). Thirdly, the trial judge also relied on the fact that Eric Ng had
performed various duties that clearly went beyond the narrow scope of duties
he alleged he had assumed, including carrying out various administrative
roles, chairing various meetings, and carrying out various certification
duties (at [22] and [32]). In the premises, the trial judge found (at [32])
that:

Looked at in this light, _and_ in the light of the _plain language_ of cl 1
above, it is clear that cl 1 means exactly what it says – _in other words,
[Eric Ng] warranted, in a Deed no less, that he would exercise reasonable
skill, care and diligence in the performance of his duties owed to,_ inter
alia _, [SME]. These legal duties included the proper supervision of [PMC’s]
work. It was on that basis that [SME] was willing to enter into the (separate)
design-and-build contract with [PMC]._ [emphasis in original]

_Parties’ arguments_

25 On appeal, Eric Ng submitted that in his position as the QP, he owed
certain duties to SME to ensure that the building works were carried out
according to the plans approved by the Building and Construction Authority and
that the building works did not endanger public safety. However, he contended
that these duties did not include duties of “contract administration,
supervision of the main contractor’s building works and certifying payments”,
_ie_ , the additional duties. Eric Ng further submitted that the trial judge’s
construction of cl**** 1 of the Deed was wrong as it was not redundant even if
it merely reiterated Eric Ng’s duties as a QP. In fact, Eric Ng pointed out
that the Deed had all the hallmarks of a standard form collateral warranty.
Such a construction would benefit SME and did not render cl**** 1 of the Deed
redundant.

26 On the other hand, SME relied principally upon the circumstances in which
the Deed was entered into to cast light on the duties which Eric Ng owed to
SME under its terms. It pointed out that the trial judge’s conclusion that SME
was uncomfortable with contracting with PMC and wanted additional legal
protection was amply supported by the evidence. SME also pointed out that
there was ample documentary evidence to show that Eric Ng not only
contractually bound himself to supervise the building works, but in fact
performed such duties. Specifically, Eric Ng had agreed on 24**** September
1996 to “chair all meetings and … be responsible for monitoring the work of
[PMC] and all the subcontractors involved in the project”. As such, SME
submitted that the trial judge’s finding in relation to cl**** 1 of the Deed
should be upheld.

_Applicable legal principles_

27 In our view, the issue here essentially concerned the interpretation of
cl**** 1 of the Deed; more specifically, whether it imposed a contractual
obligation on Eric Ng to undertake the additional duties. The applicable legal
principles concerning the interpretation of contracts apply equally to the
interpretation of deeds: _OTV Birwelco Ltd v Technical and General Guarantee
Co Ltd_ [2002] 4 All ER 668; _Keating on Construction Contracts_ ([5] _supra_)
at para 3-067.

28 The starting point of discussion would be the _dictum_ of Lord Diplock in
_Pioneer Shipping Ltd v BTP Tioxide Ltd_ [1982] AC 724. Lord Diplock had said
(at 736) that:

The object sought to be achieved in construing any commercial contract is to
ascertain … what each [party] would have led the other reasonably to assume
were the acts that he was promising to do or to refrain from doing by the
words in which the promises on his part were expressed.

Indeed, as the learned authors of _Keating on Construction Contracts_ note (at
para 3-002), in construing a contract, the court applies the rule of law that,
while it seeks to give effect to the intention of the parties, it must give
effect to that intention as expressed, that is, it must ascertain the meaning
of the words actually used: see further _The Commissioners of Inland Revenue v
Raphael_ [1935] AC 96 at 143. However, as against this primary emphasis on the
words as expressed in the contract, the courts have also recognised,
especially where the meaning of the words used is not expressly clear, that
_that_ meaning cannot be divorced from its context. The court must “inquire
beyond the language and see what the circumstances were with reference to
which the words were used, and the object, appearing from those circumstances,
which the person using them had in view”: _Prenn v Simmonds_ [1971] 1**** WLR
1381 at 1384, and see also _Arbuthnott v Fagan_ [1996] 1**** LRLR 135.

29 These general principles were endorsed by this court most recently in
_Sandar Aung v Parkway Hospitals Singapore Pte Ltd_ [2007] SGCA 20, where it
noted (at [29]):

It is clear that, at _common law_ , it has always been open to the court to
have recourse to extrinsic material where such material would aid in
establishing the factual matrix which would (in turn) assist the court in
construing the contract in question. This assumes, of course, that the
reference to such material would not result in the contravention of the parol
evidence rule which is statutorily embodied within ss 93 and 94 of the
Evidence Act (Cap 97, 1997 Rev Ed) (“the Act”). This is, in fact, precisely
the situation in the present case. The key concept here is that of _context_.
**_No contract exists in a vacuum and, consequently, its language must be
construed in the context in which the contract concerned has been made._**
**_We would go so far as to state that even if the plain language of the
contract appears otherwise clear, the construction consequently placed on such
language should not be inconsistent with the context in which the contract was
entered into if this context is clear or even obvious, since the context and
circumstances in which the contract was made would reflect the intention of
the parties when they entered into the contract and utilised the (contractual)
language they did_**. It might well be the case that if a particular
construction placed on the language in a given contract is inconsistent with
what is the obvious context in which the contract was made, then _that_
construction might _not_ be as clear as was initially thought and might, on
the contrary, be evidence of an ambiguity. [emphasis added in bold italics]

30 In determining the circumstances in which the contract was entered into, it
is permissible to refer to documents (other than the contract being
interpreted) which formed part of the same transaction. In such cases, all the
contracts may be read together for the purpose of determining their legal
effect: see also Kim Lewison, _The Interpretation of Contracts_ (Sweet &
Maxwell, 2004) at para 3.03. In _Smith v Chadwick_ (1882) 20**** Ch D 27 at
62–63, Jessel**** MR said:

[W]hen documents are actually contemporaneous, that is, two deeds executed at
the same moment, … or within so short an interval that having regard to the
nature of the transaction the Court comes to the conclusion that the series of
deeds represents a single transaction between the same parties, it is then
that they are all treated as one deed; and, of course, one deed between the
same parties may be read to shew the meaning of a sentence, and be equally
read …

Although the Deed was entered into between SME and Eric Ng, and the third D&B
contract was between SME and PMC, both were executed at around the same time.
In our view, the two documents ought to be read together in order to shed
light on the interpretation of the Deed.

_Our decision_

31 In our judgment, Eric Ng had not contractually undertaken the additional
duties by virtue of cl**** 1 of the Deed. On the contrary, cl 1 was intended
to be a collateral warranty. As pertinently noted in _Jackson & Powell on
Professional Liability_ (Sweet & Maxwell, 6th**** Ed, 2007) at para 9-060, a
construction professional may undertake express contractual duties to a person
other than his immediate client. For example, a building owner who contracts
with a D&B contractor may wish to ensure that he will have a remedy for
defective design in the event that the contractor becomes insolvent. If the
design work has been sub-contracted to an architect, the employer may require
the architect to sign a collateral warranty. In the context of the present
case, such a warranty would have functioned as such: in consideration of the
employer (SME) awarding the main contract to the contractor (PMC), the
architect (Eric Ng) undertakes a direct obligation to the employer (SME) to
use reasonable skill and care in performing the work sub-contracted to him by
the contractor (PMC). On this construction, all that Eric Ng agreed to
directly undertake by way of the Deed was to properly perform the work sub-
contracted to him by PMC. He had not agreed to undertake the additional
duties.

32 Such a construction is consonant with the factual matrix in which the Deed
was entered into. First, as pointed out above at [15], cl**** 12A(1) of the
Particular Conditions expressly provided that Eric Ng, being the architect of
the Project, was only to _assist_ the superintending officer in the
supervision of the works. Given that the duty of Eric Ng was so clearly spelt
out in cl**** 12A(1), we were unable to accept a construction of cl**** 1 of
the Deed which would impose on Eric Ng the additional duties, over and above
this clearly stated duty in cl**** 12A(1).

33 Secondly, in relation to the purported reliance which SME placed on Eric
Ng’s assumption of supervisory duties before entering into the third D&B
contract, which in turn was supposedly due to SME’s discomfort with PMC’s
capabilities, the key issue was the date in which the Deed was concluded.
Although the Deed was dated 21**** October 1996, it was undisputed that Eric
Ng only signed the Deed a day later, _ie_ , 22**** October 1996. As such,
given that SME had signed the third D&B contract on 21**** October 1996, it
would be difficult for it to assert that it had _relied_ on Eric Ng’s
undertaking of the additional duties by way of the Deed _before_ it entered
into the said contract.

34 We were also unable to accept SME’s argument that if the purpose of the
Deed was merely to reiterate the duty of Eric Ng stated elsewhere, this would
render the Deed superfluous. The construction of cl**** 1 as a collateral
warranty would have allowed SME to sue Eric Ng in the event that Eric Ng
failed to perform his obligations _to PMC_ adequately. This, far from being
superfluous, actually provided the contractual privity which SME would
otherwise not have had if Eric Ng was only accountable to PMC for duties owed
to PMC. In our view, this was the precise purpose of the Deed. In the absence
of additional evidence confirming that the parties had agreed that Eric Ng
would personally undertake the additional duties adverted to in the Deed, we
felt that it would not be appropriate to construe cl**** 1 of the Deed to have
this effect.

**_Whether Eric Ng agreed to undertake additional duties to SME under clause 4
of the Deed_**

_Background_

35 Apart from cl**** 1, SME had argued before the trial judge that cl**** 4 of
the Deed also imposed additional duties of, _inter alia_ , supervision, on
Eric Ng. Clause**** 4 of the Deed provided as follows:

The Consultants shall indemnify and keep indemnified the Employer from and
against all claims, demands, proceedings, damages, costs, charges and expenses
arising out of or in connection with any breach of duty, whether in contract,
in tort or otherwise.

However, the trial judge rejected this argument, holding that the language of
cl**** 4 was clear and that it was an indemnity clause which applied only to
damages incurred by _third parties_ , and not SME (_Sunny Metal_ ([1] _supra_)
at [34]). SME appealed against this finding and we heard counsel’s arguments
when SME responded to Eric Ng’s appeal in relation to cl**** 1.

_Parties’ arguments_

36 SME argued that the trial judge failed to appreciate that cl**** 4
encompassed two sets of factual situations for which Eric Ng covenanted to
indemnify SME: the first being to indemnify SME against third party claims and
the second being that Eric Ng covenanted to indemnify SME against “damages,
costs, charges and expenses arising out of or in connection with any breach of
duty, whether in contract or in tort”. In response, Eric Ng submitted that the
trial judge’s interpretation of cl**** 4 (_ie_ , that it applied only in
respect of third party claims) was clear from a plain reading of cl**** 4\. A
plain reading would show that the words “claims, demands, proceedings”
referred to a claim made by third parties against SME in circumstances where
there was a genuine dispute between SME and third parties.

_Our decision_

37 We agreed with the trial judge that cl**** 4 was an indemnity clause in
respect of _third party claims_ only. Indeed, the language of cl**** 4 was
plain and clear; it presupposed a claim by a third party. There was nothing in
the factual matrix in which the Deed was entered into to suggest that the
parties intended for a different interpretation of cl**** 4\. Such a
construction is amply supported by case law. In _The Lindenhall_ [1945] P 8,
the relevant indemnity clause read as follows:

The owners … of the ship … being towed … agree … to indemnify and hold
harmless the Port Authority against all claims for or in respect of … damage
of any kind whatsoever and howsoever or wheresoever arising in the course of
and in connexion with the towage.

The English Court of Appeal held that the clause was limited to claims against
the port authority _by third parties_ , and did not embrace claims by the
owner of the towed vessel.

38 _Even if_ we were to agree with SME that cl**** 4 did impose a duty on Eric
Ng, this still would not have assisted SME because the question which must
then be answered is simply that which was posed in respect of cl**** 1, _viz_
, what was the scope of the duties so contemplated? For the reasons considered
above, we were unable to find that the additional duties were undertaken by
Eric Ng under the Deed.

39 Accordingly, we found that Eric Ng did not contractually agree to undertake
the additional duties. For this reason alone, SME’s claim for damages owing to
Eric Ng’s alleged breaches of the additional duties under the Deed must fail.

**Eric Ng’s liability in negligence for pure economic loss**

**_Background_**

40 Apart from the contractual claim, SME mounted a separate claim in common
law negligence against Eric Ng. SME’s claim in negligence for pure economic
loss raised interesting (albeit difficult) legal issues relating to the duty
of care. In this respect, the trial judge, after an extensive examination of
the current state of the law, stated that he believed that the two-part test
in _Anns v Merton London Borough Council_ [1978] AC 728 (“ _Anns_ ”) was
superior to the other tests to determine a duty of care. Nonetheless, bound by
authority emanating from this court, the trial judge considered that _even if
the other tests were applied_ , the result would be the same and a duty of
care would _still be imposed_ on Eric Ng. He considered that, on the facts, it
was clear that (a) the damage or loss to SME was in fact foreseeable if Eric
Ng failed to take reasonable care in fulfilling his duties set out in the
Deed; (b) the Deed provided the requisite proximity of relationship between
SME and Eric Ng; and (c) there were clearly no policy considerations which
militated against the imposition of a duty of care on Eric Ng: _Sunny Metal_
at [122]. Eric Ng appealed against this finding.

**_Parties’ arguments_**

41 Eric Ng submitted that if this court reversed the finding on the existence
of a contract for services and found that there was no contractual duty on
Eric Ng to perform such duties, it would follow that no duty of care in
respect of the additional duties existed in tort. Furthermore, Eric Ng pointed
out that following the reasoning in _Man B &W Diesel S E Asia Pte Ltd v PT
Bumi International Tankers_ [2004] 2**** SLR 300, a duty of care in tort
should not be imposed by the court _ex post facto_ to allow SME to circumvent
the allocation of risks and improve its commercial bargain.

42 In response, SME contended that Eric Ng had at the very least, voluntarily
assumed the responsibilities of supervision and administration of the contract
and there would be an implied retainer. It was further submitted that the
present case met all the tests which have been used in deciding whether a
defendant sued for causing pure economic loss to a claimant owed the latter a
duty of care in tort.

**_Our decision_**

43 We agree with the trial judge that the local jurisprudence in relation to
the applicable test to determine the imposition of a duty of care is presently
unclear. However, for the purposes of the present appeal, we see no need to
determinatively resolve the test to be applied. In our view, it suffices to
note that the crux of any imposition of a duty of care must be premised on
there being sufficient proximity between the parties. Whether or not there are
other factors to be considered in addition to the requirement of proximity is
an issue which we will address on a more appropriate occasion.

44 Adopting the approach that there must be sufficient proximity between the
parties and bearing in mind that the trial judge’s finding of proximity was
very much premised on his interpretation of the Deed (which we have, with
respect, rejected), we were of the view that there was insufficient proximity
between SME and Eric Ng for a duty of care to be imposed tortiously.
Furthermore, apart from the effect of the Deed, we were also satisfied from
the evidence that there was very little, if any, reliance by SME on Eric Ng to
fulfil his alleged additional duties to SME.

45 As will be recounted, the trial judge held in _Sunny Metal_ (at [120]) that
the proximity between SME and Eric Ng had arisen because “there was _a
contractual relationship_ between them in the first instance” [emphasis in
original]. However, since we have decided that the Deed did not impose on Eric
Ng the additional duties, it must necessarily follow that the Deed could not
provide the proximity between SME and Eric Ng on a tortious basis as well.
However, this did not conclude our consideration of this ground of appeal.
There remained for us to consider if, _apart from the Deed_ , there was any
evidence of legal proximity.

46 On this point, we were convinced that SME had not relied on Eric Ng to
fulfil his alleged additional duties to SME. The evidence showed quite clearly
that SME itself sent numerous complaints to PMC by Sunny Pang, Koh or Tio. As
we stated above at [18], Koh was the project manager and Tio was variously
described as a “Project Coordinator” and “Superintending Officer”. It was
clear to us that SME had, at the time the problems with PMC arose, relied on
either Koh or Tio to resolve them, and had not relied on Eric Ng to do so.
Accordingly, we could not see any measure of reliance on Eric Ng by SME which
would entitle us to find sufficient proximity for a tortious duty of care to
be imposed on Eric Ng.

47 Accordingly, we were of the view that there was no duty of care in respect
of the additional duties imposed on Eric Ng in tort. Given that we had found
that Eric Ng did not owe the additional duties to SME either by way of the
Deed or in tort, it would follow that SME’s claims would fail. However, for
completeness, we also considered that even if Eric Ng had owed these
additional duties to SME by way of the Deed or in tort, and had breached these
duties (as was conceded by Eric Ng on the assumption that these duties were
owed), SME’s claims would still have failed on the issue of causation. It is
to this that we now turn.

**Causation**

**_Background and the parties’ arguments_**

48 On to the issue of causation, Eric Ng appealed against the trial judge’s
implicit finding that causation was proved on the facts. Specifically, Eric Ng
submitted that even if he owed the additional duties to SME and had performed
these duties, it was clear from the documentary evidence that PMC would have
ignored him in view of the payment dispute between PMC and SME. Even when SME
threatened to terminate PMC’s contract and did in fact terminate PMC’s
contract, PMC simply ignored SME. Accordingly, Eric Ng submitted that there
was no doubt that PMC would have reacted in a similar manner if he had been
the one making the threat and there was nothing he could have done to make PMC
complete the construction works and rectify the defects.

49 In response, SME asserted that the building defects were directly or
indirectly the result of Eric Ng’s complete abdication of his duties to
supervise and administer the contract and contended that the payment dispute
raised by PMC was unjustified. Before addressing the parties’ submissions on
this issue, we first turn to the applicable legal principles. We note that
both the factual and legal aspects of this issue were not adequately developed
by counsel and the learned trial judge did not have the opportunity to
properly assess this issue.

**_Applicable legal principles_**

_Causation and remoteness_

50 We start with the basic proposition that, not only must there be damage,
but the damage must have been _caused_ by the defendant’s act or omission
which amounted to a breach of his duty: see, for example, _Yeo Yoke Mui v Ng
Liang Poh_ [1999] 3**** SLR 529 at [25] and _F v Chan Tanny_ [2003] 4**** SLR
231 at [97]. This is the question of causation. In _McGhee v National Coal
Board_ [1973] 1**** WLR 1, Lord Reid said (at 5):

[I]t has often been said that the legal concept of causation is not based on
logic or philosophy. It is based on the practical way in which the ordinary
man’s mind works in the everyday affairs of life.

Similarly, Goh Joo Seng J in _Ikumene Singapore Pte Ltd v Leong Chee Leng_
[1992] 2**** SLR 890 at 899, [31] cited _Alexander v Cambridge Credit Corp
Ltd_ (1987) 9 NSWLR 310 at 359 where McHugh JA referred to the “common sense
notion of causation which the common law champions”.

51 The common law is full of such statements about causation, suggesting a
simplicity that is deceptive. Indeed, causation is a question which, as John G
Fleming said in _The Law of Torts_ (LBC Information Services, 9th**** Ed,
1998) at p 218, “has plagued courts and scholars more than any other topic in
the law of torts”. Locally, Choo Han Teck**** J in _Tesa Tape Asia Pacific Pte
Ltd v Wing Seng Logistics Pte Ltd_ [2006] 3**** SLR 116 had also alluded to
the complexity of this subject (at [18]). Part of the problem is the
distinction between causation and the remoteness of damage, with the latter
embodying legal principles strictly founded upon reasons of policy. Even
within the realm of causation, there exists both causation in fact _and_
causation in law. In this regard, Fleming noted that some of the perplexity
that has been experienced is due to the undifferentiated use of the word
“cause”, accompanied by such adjectives as “legal”, “proximate” or “remote”,
in dealing with two very different inquiries, _viz_ , causation and remoteness
(_The Law of Torts_ at p 218). Indeed, the learned authors of _Jackson &
Powell on Professional Liability_ ([31] _supra_) group the two inquiries under
the general rubric of “remoteness” before separating the two inquiries as
being concerned with “causation” and “foreseeability” (at pp 448 and 454). In
contrast, the distinction drawn in Harvey McGregor, _McGregor on Damages_
(Sweet & Maxwell, 17th**** Ed, 2003) is that between “cause in fact and cause
in law” (at p 99, heading of para 6-005) _and_ the “scope of protection: the
limits of policy” (at p 145, heading of para 6-075). The former
categorisation, _viz_ , “cause in fact and cause in law”, appears to
distinguish between factual causation as determined by the “but for” test and
legal causation which is concerned with consequences following upon an
intervening act or event. It needs only to be mentioned that other authors
refer to “causation in law” as relating to the question of remoteness of
damage: see, _eg_ , D K Srivastava and A D Tennekone, _The Law of Tort in Hong
Kong_ (Butterworths Asia, 1995) at pp 209–210. In our view, it would conduce
towards clarity to state at the outset that there are, broadly, two rather
distinct inquiries, _viz_ , causation and remoteness of damage.

(1) Causation

52 The first broad inquiry involves causation, which, as alluded to earlier,
is in turn made up of causation in fact and causation in law. Causation in
fact is concerned with the question of whether the relation between the
defendant’s breach of duty and the claimant’s damage is one of cause and
effect in accordance with scientific or objective notions of physical
sequence. It is concerned with establishing the _physical connection_ between
the defendant’s wrong and the claimant’s damage. The universally accepted test
in this regard is the “but for” test, which we will elaborate on later.

53 However, satisfying the “but for” test is by no means a sufficient
condition because the all important “causation in law” test must be satisfied
as well. The reason for this is that to adopt the “but for” test without limit
would lead to absurd results. To illustrate the potential absurdity, we refer
to the example provided in _McGregor on Damages_ ([51] _supra_) at para 6-008.
Consider that a mother gives birth to a son who, when he grows up, commits
murder. Adopting the question of factual causation, it is clear that if the
mother had not decided to have a child in the first place, the murder would
never have happened; the “but for” test is amply satisfied. She is thus a
cause in fact of the murder by virtue of a physical sequence that is unbroken
by scientific and objective notions of logic. Yet, it is equally true that the
law regards the mother as bearing no responsibility for the murder on account
of lack of negligence or other tortious activity on her part; it is the _law_
which removes her from being a cause of the murder. This is causation _in
law_. The rationale is to prevent indeterminate liability resulting from
causation in fact alone. This concern is most aptly summarised in _Prosser and
Keeton on the Law of Torts_ (West Group, 5th**** Ed, 1984) at p 266, which we
gratefully adopt:

It should be quite obvious that, once events are set in motion, there is, in
terms of causation alone, no place to stop. The event without millions of
causes is simply inconceivable; and the mere fact of causation, as
distinguished from the nature and degree of the causal connection, can provide
no clue of any kind to singling out those which are to be held legally
responsible.

54 As illustrated by the example just discussed, sometimes, the defendant’s
conduct sets off a sequence of events, each one of which is a necessary link
in the causal chain between the initial wrong and the claimant’s damage. In
such cases, the court has to determine whether any of the intervening events
can be said to be so significant causally as to break the causal link to be
regarded as a _novus actus interveniens_. There is usually no dispute as to
what in fact happened to cause the claimant’s damage; rather the question is
which event will be treated as _the cause_ for the purpose of attributing
legal responsibility. The court therefore has to decide whether the
defendant’s wrongful conduct constituted the “legal cause” of the damage. This
recognises that causes assume significance to the extent that they assist the
court in deciding how best to _attribute responsibility_ for the claimant’s
damage: see _M’Lean v Bell_ (1932) 48**** TLR 467 at 469. In effect, as
Andrews**** J quite candidly put it in _Palsgraf v The Long Island Railroad
Company_ 248**** NY 339 (1928) at 352:

[B]ecause of convenience, of public policy, of a rough sense of justice, the
law arbitrarily declines to trace a series of events beyond a certain point.
This is not logic. It is practical politics.

55 These principles were recognised recently by this court in _Jet Holding Ltd
v Cooper Cameron (Singapore) Pte Ltd_ [2006] 3**** SLR 769, where it said (at
[108]): “Indeed, where it can be established that a _novus actus interveniens_
has broken the chain of causation, the defendant will be freed from
liability”. See also _Salcon Ltd v United Cement Pte Ltd_ [2004] 4**** SLR
353; _TV Media Pte Ltd v De Cruz Andrea Heidi_ [2004] 3**** SLR 543; _Low Hua
Kin v Kumagai-Zenecon Construction Pte Ltd_ [2000] 3**** SLR 529; and _Saatchi
& Saatchi Pte Ltd v Tan Hun Ling_ [2006] 1**** SLR 670 (at [25] and [26]), in
which the High Court found that there was no break in the chain of causation
when the event relied on was an inanimate act or the omission of a third party
which formed one of the links between the negligent conduct and the damage
complained of.

(2) Remoteness of damage

56 Apart from causation, the second broad question involves the question of
whether, or to what extent, the defendant should have to answer for the
consequences which his breach of duty has _caused_. By this stage of the
enquiry, causation would already have been established and remoteness merely
sets the limits of actionability for damage admittedly _caused_ by the
defendant’s wrong: see also _Chapman v Hearse_ (1961) 106**** CLR 112. We
would label this as being the question of “remoteness of damage”. As Fleming
noted in _The Law of Torts_ ([51] _supra_) at p 218, some limitation must be
placed upon legal responsibility because the consequences of an act
theoretically, as can also be seen from the example cited above, stretch into
infinity. This inquiry, unlike that of causation, presents a much larger area
of choice in which legal policy and accepted value judgment must be the final
arbiter of what balance to strike between the claim to full reparation for the
loss suffered by an innocent victim of another’s culpable conduct and the
excessive burden that would be imposed on human activity if a wrongdoer were
to be held to answer for _all_ consequences of his default. This was
recognised by this court recently in _Ho Soo Fong v Standard Chartered Bank_
[2007] 2**** SLR 181 (“ _Ho Soo Fong_ ”), where it alluded (at [28]) to the
need for the law to place such limits to prevent what Cardozo CJ feared in
_Ultramares Corp v Touche, Niven & Co_ 255**** NY 170 (1931) at 179, _ie_ ,
the imposition of “liability in an indeterminate amount for an indeterminate
time to an indeterminate class”. The current approach (in tort, at least) to
restrict such liability is the test of reasonable foreseeability, as
established by the seminal case of _Overseas Tankship (UK) Ltd v Morts Dock &
Engineering Co Ltd (The Wagon Mound)_ [1961] AC 388, and this was recently
reiterated by this court in _Ho Soo Fong_ (at [39]).

57 Indeed, we would add that the framework necessitating the two broad
inquiries discussed above is not only recognised in the Commonwealth, it
appears to be adopted in civil law countries as well. In “Comparative
Conclusions on Causation” (in _Unification of Tort Law: Causation_ (J Spier
ed) (Kluwer Law International, 2000 at pp 127–154), Jaap Spier and Olav****
A**** Haazen, after examining the tests for causation (which in this
formulation includes the remoteness of damage) in several civil law
jurisdictions in Europe, concluded that only Belgium officially rejects the
“dual test” which all the other jurisdictions take as a theoretical framework.

(3) Causation in fact in the present case

58 As would be clear from the preceding discussion, the question which we were
concerned about in the present case is that of causation in fact and _not_
causation in law and remoteness of damage. There was, in our view, no
intervening event between SME’s alleged losses and Eric Ng’s alleged breach.
The payment dispute between SME and PMC was already in existence when SME
asked Eric Ng to exercise his alleged duties of supervision (this would
presumably be the time when Eric Ng’s breaches occurred). As noted in
_McGregor on Damages_ ([51] _supra_) at p 112, where the third factor in the
situation (in this case, the payment dispute) had already occurred at the time
of the wrongful act, the law will hold the wrongful act to be the cause of the
damage in the absence of subsequent intervening factors, subject to the
fulfilment of the “but for” test.

_Causation in contract and tort_

59 Before proceeding to deal with the substantive law in relation to causation
in fact, we recognised that SME’s claim was framed in both contract and tort.
It was therefore necessary to consider, as a preliminary point, whether
different principles of causation apply in contract and tort. For example, it
is clear that, in so far as remoteness of damage is concerned, different
principles apply, and this was indeed what the trial judge recognised in
_Sunny Metal_ ([1] _supra_) at [134] where he noted that the principles “are
not the same”: see further _The Wagon Mound_ ([56] _supra_) and _Hadley v
Baxendale_ (1854) 9**** Exch 341; 156 ER 145. Accordingly, it was important
for us to consider if different principles applied.

60 In contract, as in tort, causation must first be proved before the issue of
remoteness is addressed: see _Chitty on Contracts_ (Sweet & Maxwell, 29th****
Ed, 2004) vol 1 at para 26-029. As was stated in _Monarch Steamship Co,
Limited v Karlshamns Oljefabriker (A/B)_ [1949] AC 196 (“ _Monarch Steamship_
”) at 225, it is established law that the claimant may recover damages for a
loss only where the breach of contract was the “effective” or “dominant” cause
of that loss: see also _Quinn v Burch Bros (Builders) Ltd_ [1966] 2**** QB
370; _Sykes v Midland Bank Executor and Trustee Co Ltd_ [1971] 1**** QB 113;
and _CHS CPO GmbH v Vikas Goel_ [2005] 3**** SLR 202, in which the High Court
referred to _contractual_ principles relating to causation (at [51]).

61 However, as H L A Hart and Tony Honoré stated in _Causation in the Law_
(Clarendon Press, 2nd**** Ed, 1985) at p 308, explicit discussions of
causation are much less prominent in books about contract than tort. The
learned authors postulate three reasons why this is so:

(a) the harm for which compensation is to be paid in the law of contract is
usually economic rather than physical, and establishing “causal connection”
involves a different relation from tort, _viz_ , that of failing to provide a
person with opportunities for gain;

(b) the causal problems which arise in actions for breach of contract are
often relatively simple in comparison with the difficulty of determining the
scope of the duty to pay damages, so that attention has been concentrated on
the latter; and

(c) liability in contract is more often based on the notion of risk than in
tort.

62 Indeed, the courts have avoided laying down any formal tests for causation
in contract; instead, they have relied on common sense as a guide to decide
whether a breach of contract is a sufficiently substantial cause of the
claimant’s loss: _Galoo Ltd v Bright Grahame Murray_ [1994] 1**** WLR 1360 at
1374–1375 and _Sinogreat International Trading Ltd v Hin Leong Trading (Pte)
Ltd_ [2004] 1**** SLR 393 at [43]. For example, in _Monarch Steamship_ ([60]
_supra_), while the shipowner was technically in breach of contract because
his ship was not equipped with a proper medicine chest, the owners of goods on
board could not claim that the breach was the cause of their loss should the
ship later founder in a storm. Similarly, in _Bank of Credit and Commerce
International SA v Ali (No_**** _2)_ [2002] 3 All ER 750, it was held that the
stigma which an employee might suffer as a result of his employer’s breach of
contract would not give him the right to damages in respect of loss of
employment prospects if he failed to prove that the stigma was the cause of
such loss. In all the above cases, the defendant was not liable for a loss
which was not caused by the breach at all.

63 In our view, there is no reason why the “but for” test in tort cannot also
be used in contract cases to determine the issue of causation _in fact_.
Indeed, in the cases cited in the preceding paragraph, the application of the
“but for” test would have yielded the same result as that decided by the
courts in a commonsensical manner. For instance, in reference to the facts
cited in _Monarch Steamship_ , it could not be said that “but for” the
shipowner’s breach, the claimants suffered damage to their goods as that
damage would still ensue _even if_ there was no breach. This court recognised
as much in _The Cherry_ [2003] 1**** SLR 471, where it said (at [68]):

As Kan**** J held in _The Feng Hang_ [2002] 2**** SLR 205, a claimant can
recover damages for a breach of contract or in tort where that breach (or
wrong) was the “effective” or “dominant” cause of the loss. The courts adopt a
common sense approach in interpreting the facts of each case to determine
whether the breach was the cause of the loss or merely gave the opportunity
for the loss to be sustained. Though different terms have been used,
(“dominant and effective cause” in contractual cases like _Galoo Ltd v Bright
Grahame Murray_ [1994] 1 WLR 1360 as opposed to what is termed the “but for”
test often used in tort cases to determine causation) _the law of causation in
tort and contract is the same._ [emphasis added]

Accordingly, we adopted the tortious test for causation in fact in considering
the issue of causation in SME’s claims in _both_ tort and contract.

_The “but-for” test_

(1) General principles

64 For the determination of whether a defendant’s wrongful conduct is a cause
_in fact_ of the damage to a claimant, the test, which has almost universal
acceptance, is the so-called “but for” test. As the learned author of
_McGregor on Damages_ ([51] _supra_)notes at para 6-006, “[t]he defendant’s
wrongful conduct is a cause of the claimant’s harm if such harm would not have
occurred without it; ‘but for’ it”. In other words, one should, in order to
determine whether an act or omission was a cause of the loss, eliminate the
act or omission mentally and consider whether or not the loss would still have
occured. If the loss would not have occurred when the act or omission is
eliminated, the act or omission is a _condicio sine qua non_ for the loss. If
the loss would still have occurred, even when the act or omission in question
is disregarded, the loss has not been caused by this act or omission. In
“Comparative Conclusions on Causation” ([57] _supra_), Spier and Haazen point
to a second formulation in addition to the first just recounted, _viz_ , an
act or omission is the cause in fact if, _ex post_ , it is established that
the damage would not have occurred without the act or omission judged “on the
basis of the best science and experience of the moment” (at p 127) or, as
alluded to above (at [52]), in accordance with scientific or objective notions
of physical sequence. This is the threshold which claimants must cross, on a
balance of probabilities, if their claim for damages is to eventually succeed.
However, even if the test yields a positive answer, _ie_ , the loss would not
have occurred but for the defendant’s act or omission, it merely qualifies the
act or omission as a possible, though by no means necessarily, sufficient
cause for legal purposes. As Fleming reiterated in _The Law of Torts_ ([51]
_supra_) at p 220, this act or omission must then be regarded as the cause _in
law_ and then pass an additional test of remoteness. In other words, “but for”
is a necessary but not a sufficient condition of legal responsibility.

65 Indeed, it might be briefly mentioned that the “but for” test finds almost
universal acceptance, even in civil law jurisdictions. In “Comparative
Conclusions on Causation”, Spier and Haazen found that the jurisdictions of
Austria, Belgium, England, France, Germany, Greece, Italy, South Africa and
Switzerland all recognise causation as a requirement of tortious liability and
all legal systems consider a “but for” test as a first test. The same can also
be said of the United States: see for example _Mt Healthy City School District
Board of Education v Doyle_ 429 US 274 (1977) at 285–287.

66 Returning to the more familiar territory of English law (which in turn is
_generally_ representative of other Commonwealth jurisdictions), the oft-cited
case for the “but for” test is _Barnett v Chelsea and Kensington Hospital
Management Committee_ [1969] 1**** QB 428. In this case, a night watchman
presented himself to the defendants’ hospital casualty department, complaining
of prolonged vomiting after drinking tea, and was instructed by the medical
officer on duty to go home to bed and call in his own doctor. Five hours later
the night watchman was dead as a result of arsenic poisoning from the tea. An
action by his widow claiming that death had resulted from the medical
officer’s negligence in not diagnosing or treating her husband’s condition was
unsuccessful – it was held that her husband would have died of poisoning even
if he had been admitted to the wards five hours before his death and treated
with all care and that the widow had failed to establish on a balance of
probabilities that the defendants’ negligence had caused the death.

67 In a more pertinent line of authority, the construction cases have also
reached the same result. In _Driver v William Willett (Contractors) Ltd_
[1969] 1**** All ER 665 (“ _Driver_ ”), Rees**** J, after having concluded
that the consultant safety engineers were in breach of their duty in failing
to advise the contractors appropriately, nonetheless went on to consider, on a
balance of probabilities, whether the claimant had established that if the
requisite advice had been given, the advice would have been accepted and the
loss averted.

68 The “but for” test has also been widely applied in local cases. In _Yeo
Peng Hock Henry v Pai Lily_ [2001] 4**** SLR 571 (“ _Yeo Peng Hock Henry_ ”),
the appellant, who was a general medical practitioner, saw the respondent when
she complained of blurring of vision in her left eye. The respondent did not
advise the appellant to seek immediate medical treatment and, in the result,
the appellant lost her vision eventually although she went to the hospital the
next day. At the High Court, the respondent succeeded in her claim for damages
against the appellant for negligence at the consultation because the appellant
had not advised the respondent to seek immediate medical attention. However,
on appeal, the High Court’s decision was reversed. This court held that the
respondent had to prove, on a balance of probabilities, that the appellant’s
negligence had caused or materially contributed to her loss of vision and,
applying the “but for” test, held that she had not successfully discharged her
burden (at [52]). The other cases which applied the “but for” test include
_The Cherry_ ([63] _supra_), _The Feng Hang_ [2002] 2**** SLR 205 and _Fong
Maun Yee v Yoong Weng Ho Robert_ [1997] 2**** SLR 297.

(2) Retreat from the “but for” test

69 However, it has been said by many that the “but for” test is, in some
circumstances, insufficient to lead to a just result. McLachlin**** J of the
Canadian Supreme Court, writing extra-judicially in “Negligence Law – Proving
the Connection” (in _Torts Tomorrow: A Tribute to John Fleming_ (Nicholas J
Mullany & Allen M Linden eds) (LBC Information Services, 1998) pp 16–35), has
pointed out (at p 18) that the problem is that:

[S]ometimes when the answer to the but-for test is negative, the circumstances
nonetheless cry out that the defendant was a cause of the plaintiff’s injuries
and must be held liable. There is a tension between the traditional but-for,
all-or-nothing, approach to cause-in-fact and the need to compensate persons
who are likely victims of wrongful conduct, but who would be denied recovery
under the traditional test.

McLachlin**** J then goes on to list three situations in which the “but for”
test is “troublesome”, _viz_ , in (a) indeterminate defendant cases; (b)
indeterminate claimant cases and (c) indeterminate harm cases. For
indeterminate defendant cases, the claimant has been tortiously injured, but
it is not clear who, among a group of potential tortfeasors, was the cause in
fact of the loss. As for the indeterminate claimant cases, the defendant has
engaged in tortious conduct which has caused loss to a number of persons, but
it is not clear whether the claimant belongs to the group of persons injured
by the defendant’s conduct. Finally, in respect of the indeterminate harm
cases, a defendant has engaged in tortious conduct _vis-à-vis_ the claimant,
but it is not clear whether the defendant’s conduct actually caused harm to
the claimant. All that can be said is that the defendant’s conduct increased
the risk of harm in that the claimant lost a chance of avoiding harm or of
achieving a better result. These problems with the “but for” test were also
recognised by this court in _The Cherry_ (at [69]).

70 As a result of the inadequacy of the “but for” test in the above
circumstances, numerous solutions have been suggested by courts and academics:
see, for example, David W Robertson, “The Common Sense of Cause in Fact”
(1997) 75**** Texas L Rev 1765. One solution which we will highlight is that
of altering the burden of proof.

(3) Burden of proof

71 In the traditional “but for” test, the claimant bears the burden of proving
cause in fact and is only entitled to succeed if he or she proves on the
balance of probabilities that, but for the defendant’s wrongful conduct, he or
she would not have been injured. If, on the balance of probabilities, the loss
would have been suffered even if the defendant had not acted negligently, the
claimant is not entitled to recover. This is well established in local case
law: see _Chong Yeo & Partners v Guan Ming Hardware & Engineering Pte Ltd_
[1997] 2**** SLR 729 at [12]; _Tan Hun Hoe v Harte Denis Mathew_ [2001] 4****
SLR 317 (“ _Tan Hun Hoe_ ”) at [47]; _Yeo Peng Hock Henry_ ([68] _supra_) at
[19]; _The Cherry_ ([63] _supra_) at [67]; and _Chew Swee Hiang v AG_ [1990]
SLR 890. Indeed, Christopher Lau**** JC stated in _Guan Ming Hardware &
Engineering Pte Ltd v Chong Yeo & Partners_ [1996] 2**** SLR 621 at 643, [106]
that:

[The lack of causation] is a direct attack on the plaintiff’s case, for it
indicates that the plaintiff’s case is defective in one of its elements. From
this it must follow that it must be part of the plaintiff’s assertions that
there is sufficient causation, and therefore the burden must lie on him.

However, as alluded to above, this is problematic in certain circumstances,
where it might be impossible for the claimant to prove cause in fact.

72 In _Cook v Lewis_ [1951] SCR 830, the Canadian Supreme Court shifted the
burden of disproving cause in fact to the defendant. In that case, two hunters
simultaneously discharged their rifles and the claimant was injured. The jury
determined that the claimant was shot by one of the defendants, but did not
determine which one. On the basis of the reasoning in a similar American case
(_Summers v Tice_ 199**** P 2d 1 (1948)), Cartwright**** J, for the majority,
held that if the jury was of the opinion that both defendants were negligent
in shooting towards the claimant but was unable to decide which one, both
should be held liable. The burden lay on them to prove otherwise.

73 In other cases, Canadian, English and Australian courts have held that the
“but for” test should be applied flexibly and with common sense. Thus,
although the burden of proving cause in fact is not reversed and no actual
presumption of causation is created, an inference of causation may be drawn
even in the absence of affirmative scientific evidence of causation, or where
the claimant’s evidence of causation is minimal: see, for example, _Wilsher v
Essex Area Health Authority_ [1988] AC 1074 and _March v E & M H Stramare Pty
Limited_ (1991) 171**** CLR 506. In fact, this court in _United Project
Consultants Pte Ltd v Leong Kwok Onn_ [2005] 4**** SLR 214 appeared to apply a
commonsensical approach to causation in place of the “but for” test.

(4) Loss of a chance

74 Yet another way of overcoming the inadequacies of the “but for” test in
certain situations is to adopt a “loss of chance” analysis. Under the
traditional approach, proof, on the balance of probabilities, of a causal link
between the defendant’s wrong and the claimant’s damage normally entitles the
claimant to recover in full from the defendant and no account is taken of the
strength or weakness of the proof, once the balance is tipped in the
claimant’s favour. The corollary is equally true: If the claimant fails to
persuade the court of the causal link, the claim will fail, regardless of how
close the claimant came to overcoming the balance of probabilities: see _Tan
Hun Hoe_ ([71] _supra_ at [46]). By the loss of chance analysis, the causal
link is dealt with on the basis of “proportionate loss” and the claimant’s
damage is effectively re-categorised as the _chance_ of obtaining a benefit or
avoiding a loss, rather than the loss itself: see, for example, _Allied Maples
Group Ltd v Simmons & Simmons_ [1995] 1**** WLR 1602 and _Asia Hotel
Investments Ltd v Starwood Asia Pacific Management Pte Ltd_ [2005] 1**** SLR
661. With these principles in mind, we come to the facts of the present case.

**_Application to the present case_**

_Burden of proof_

75 First, we considered the burden of proof. The reason why we had to consider
the issue of the burden of proof in causation is that, before us, counsel for
SME contended that, as a “matter of common sense”, it should be for Eric Ng to
prove that PMC would _not_ have responded to Eric Ng’s exercise of his
additional duties, especially that of supervision, and not for SME to show
that PMC would have performed its obligations if Eric Ng had exercised his
duties. This appeared to be predicated on the present case coming within a
situation in which the application of the “but for” test would be innately
unjust so as to warrant the reversal of the burden of proof. However, when
pressed further for authority to substantiate this submission, counsel did not
frame his argument as such but instead referred to the Evidence Act (Cap****
97, 1997**** Rev Ed). The relevant section is s**** 103(1) of the Evidence
Act, which provides as follows:

Whoever desires any court to give judgment as to any legal right or liability,
dependent on the existence of facts which he asserts, must prove that those
facts exist.

76 In the first place, we were not of the view that the present case fell
within so unique a situation as to warrant a consideration of the reversal of
the burden of proof. This was a one-on-one situation in which the claimant,
defendant and harm were not indeterminate. However, even if we were to accept
such an argument, it is difficult to see how s**** 103(1) of the Evidence Act
can be surmounted. While it was not necessary for us to decide the issue in
this case, we would note that s**** 103(1) of the Evidence Act appears to
preclude local courts from reversing the burden of proof in situations where
the application of the “but for” test would be inadequate. As such, contrary
to counsel’s assertion, the Evidence Act did not, in fact, assist his
submission that the burden was on Eric Ng to prove causation.

77 In fact, it was clear from the record of appeal that SME had similarly
misunderstood the burden of proof which it was expected to discharge before
the trial judge. In SME’s closing submissions before the trial judge, it had
submitted that “[i]t is _not_ clear from the evidence, whether documentary or
oral, that PMC would have ignored [Eric Ng’s] directions” [emphasis in
original]. In our judgment, the corollary of this submission must be equally
true: it was unclear, on a balance of probabilities, whether Eric Ng’s
intervention could have led to PMC completing the works on schedule. In other
words, SME had itself _implicitly_ acknowledged the lack of evidence adduced
to show that PMC _would have_ , notwithstanding the ongoing payment dispute
between it and SME, heeded Eric Ng’s intervention and proceeded to complete
the works on time.

_Loss of a chance_

78 Secondly, we noted that SME’s claim was not framed as one involving the
loss of a chance to avoid the financial losses it allegedly suffered, and so
we need not consider the application of that principle in this regard.

_Evidence of causation_

79 As such, as in the case of _Driver_ ([67] _supra_), the factual issue which
_SME_ must prove in this case is whether Eric Ng’s fulfilment of his
additional duties would have, _notwithstanding the payment dispute between SME
and PMC_ , led to PMC performing its obligations to SME under the third D&B
contract, such as to avert the losses which SME now claimed. Since this was
the case, SME’s failure to adduce any evidence to show that PMC would have
heeded Eric Ng’s intervention (if so exercised) means that it had failed to
show that _but for_ Eric Ng’s breaches, it would _not_ have suffered its
alleged losses. In any event, we were satisfied that the evidence did show
quite clearly that PMC would not have responded to Eric Ng, even if he had
exercised his alleged duties.

_The documentary evidence_

80 The evidence showed, on a balance of probabilities, that PMC would not have
heeded Eric Ng’s exercise of his duties in view of the payment dispute it
(PMC) was having with SME. As recounted above at [19], under cl**** 32.6 of
the PSSCOC Conditions read with item (viii) of the appendix, SME was required
to settle a payment certificate within 21**** days of the date of the payment
certificate. Eric Ng contended that sometime in late 1996, disagreements arose
between SME and PMC over SME’s delay in settling the payment certificates. On
27**** December 1996, PMC wrote to SME stating that it (PMC) had not received
any payment for the outstanding sum of $534,702.30 for its work and even
purported to terminate the third D&B contract with SME. On 17**** February
1997, PMC wrote to SME again to expedite the payment of $400,919.55. In this
latter letter, PMC expressly stated that SME’s “defaults in not paying us
[_ie_ , PMC] the outstanding contract progress claims for our work done to the
project” were clearly breaches of the third D&B contract dated 21**** October
1996. Under such circumstances, PMC reiterated that it was “not obligated to
complete the Work in accordance to the Schedule”. The same messages were
repeated in a letter sent by PMC to SME dated 25**** February 1997. In fact,
in this letter dated 25**** February 1997, PMC expressly stated that it was:

… under no contractual obligation to proceed with the Works in accordance to
the Schedule as a result of a major breach in the terms and conditions of the
contract _caused by your [ie, SME’s] repeated failures to pay us the
outstanding claims despite our demands_. [emphasis added]

In our judgment, this showed that PMC had such strong views about the payment
dispute with SME that this amounted to the _sole cause_ of its refusal to
carry out the construction in accordance with the agreed schedule. Further, it
must be noted that the contractual completion date was 20**** August 1997.
Given that the payment dispute was still ongoing in February 1997, there is no
doubt that this was _at least_ a contributory cause to SME’s alleged losses.

81 SME replied on 20**** February 1997 asserting that there was no default in
any payment to PMC but acknowledged there was delay on SME’s bank’s part in
releasing payment to PMC. This was in turn caused by the manager of SME’s bank
being absent on long maternity leave. SME also suggested that PMC should
“scrutinise its accounts” before accusing SME of owing $400,919.55. Next, on
9**** April 1997, SME wrote to PMC complaining about the delay in the
construction work and that PMC’s complaint about the late payment _being the
cause_ of the delay would not have “exonerate[d] you [_ie_ , PMC] from the
fact that this construction progress is a fiasco and the slow progress is
getting really out of control”. This showed that as of April 1997, SME was
fully aware that it was PMC’s allegations about the payment problems that led
to PMC’s decision to delay the construction works.

82 This state of affairs apparently continued until 23**** December 1997 (as
evidenced by a letter from PMC to SME dated 11**** March 1997 mentioning that
no settlement in relation to the payment dispute had been reached, following
which there was little indication of any settlement having been reached), when
both parties met and compared their respective sets of accounts. At this
meeting, the parties agreed that PMC would commit to a final completion date,
bearing in mind the completion deadline of 31**** January 1998 allowed by JTC.
In the meantime, SME agreed to pay PMC $200,000 as an interim settlement and
that the remaining amount would be settled after completion of the Factory. On
6**** January 1998, SME wrote to PMC stating that $761,232.50 was owing to PMC
and proposed to carry out the interim settlement plan discussed earlier at the
meeting on 23**** December 1997.

83 However, it appeared that this interim settlement plan was not
satisfactorily implemented. On 5**** May 1998, PMC again wrote to SME
expressing its “disappointment again on the non-payment for [its] works
completed to date” and even threatened, once again, to suspend work pending
the settlement of outstanding claims. On 26**** June 1998, PMC wrote to SME
stating that it had not received a progress payment of $100,000 and that this
had _caused_ “unnecessary delay to the project”. The payment dispute continued
right up to 31**** July 1998 when PMC wrote to SME claiming SME still owed PMC
$657,064.21.

84 In view of this documentary evidence, it was certainly less than clear that
Eric Ng’s intervention could have persuaded PMC to resume work. PMC’s
correspondence with SME showed that it had regarded the third D&B contract as
having been terminated on two occasions in December 1996 and February 1997. In
other words, Eric Ng’s breaches could not be said to have caused SME’s losses
given that PMC would have, on a balance of probabilities, continued to
disregard its obligations to SME anyway. This was irrespective of whether
PMC’s disputes were legitimate or not. Indeed, in the letter dated 9**** April
1997, SME itself appeared to acknowledge that PMC was justifying the delays
because of the payment dispute. It was rather unlikely that Eric Ng’s
intervention at any point of time could have led to a different conclusion.

85 Before us, counsel for SME pointed out that when Eric Ng did in fact issue
a letter of warning to PMC (the _only_ time Eric Ng is acknowledged to have
done so), it proved effective in bringing about a timely response by PMC to
speed up its works. The premise of this submission appeared to be that _had_
Eric Ng exercised his duties of supervision, PMC would have completed the work
according to schedule, hence averting SME’s alleged losses and establishing
causation. However, this, with respect, did not answer the question of whether
Eric Ng’s exercise of his supervisory duties would have, _notwithstanding the
payment dispute between SME and PMC_ , led to PMC performing its obligations
to SME under the third D&B contract, such as to avert the losses which SME
claimed. This was because this warning by Eric Ng was sent out on 14****
October 1996. In contrast, the payment dispute between SME and PMC only
started in late 1996, _after_ October 1996. As such, this warning, while
having penumbral relevance, did not satisfactorily indicate that similar
interventions from Eric Ng would have been _equally_ effective _after_ the
payment dispute had arisen in December 1996. In other words, this submission
did not establish, on a balance of probabilities, that PMC would have heeded
Eric Ng’s intervention _notwithstanding_ the payment dispute it had with SME.

86 To conclude, we were of the view that the burden was on SME to prove
causation, and SME had not shown, on a balance of probabilities, that Eric
Ng’s alleged breaches had caused its losses. Specifically, it had not shown
that PMC would have heeded Eric Ng’s intervention (in exercise of his
supervisory duties) notwithstanding the ongoing payment dispute it had with
SME. Instead, the documentary evidence suggested that PMC would have
nonetheless delayed its construction works in view of the payment dispute it
had with SME until 1998, _whether or not_ Eric Ng had exercised his duties of
supervision. Accordingly, SME failed on the causation issue.

87 In relation to Eric Ng’s alleged breach of his duty to obtain the necessary
documents with which to obtain the TOP, the documentary evidence once again
showed that it was the payment dispute which led to the delay in the release
of the relevant certificates for the TOP application. As such, even if Eric Ng
had tried to obtain the relevant documents, he would still not have prevailed.
In other words, Eric Ng’s failure to obtain the necessary documents had not
caused SME’s alleged damages flowing from the delay in the TOP application.

**Conclusion**

88 For the reasons above, we allowed Eric Ng’s appeal in CA 105/2006 with
costs here and below, and accordingly dismissed SME’s appeal in CA 104/2006
with costs.

89 Further, considering that Eric Ng had made an offer to settle for $10,000
on 30**** July 2004 and SME has now obtained a judgment less favourable than
this offer, we ordered that Eric Ng was entitled to costs on an indemnity
basis from that date.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 26 Jul 2007 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

