Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Re Wong Sin Yee  
[2007] SGHC 147

Case Number | : | OS 537/2007  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 19 September 2007  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Tan Lee Meng J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Jimmy Yim, SC (instructed) / Darrell Low and Dennis Chua (Dennis Chua & Co) for the applicant; Mavis Chionh and Leong Kwang Ian (Attorney-General's Chambers) for the non-party   
Parties | : | —  
  
Administrative Law – Administrative detention – Judicial review of procedure –
Detention order under s 30 of Criminal Law (Temporary Provisions) Act (Cap 67,
2000 Rev Ed) – Whether detention unlawful because Minister's exercise of
discretion challengeable on grounds of illegality, procedural impropriety or
irrationality  
  

19 September 2007 |  Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Tan Lee Meng J:

1 This case involves an application by Mr Wong Sin Yee (“the applicant”) under
Order 54 of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2006 Rev Ed) for a review of his
detention under the Criminal Law (Temporary Provisions) Act (Cap 67, 2000 Rev
Ed) (“CLTPA”).

Background

2 On 12 September 2005, the applicant was arrested by officers from the
Central Narcotics Bureau (“CNB”) pursuant to s 25 of the Misuse of Drugs Act
(Cap 185, 2001 Rev Ed) on suspicion of having consumed a controlled drug, an
offence under s 8(b)(i) of the said Act. A urine test showed that he had
consumed a controlled drug. It should be noted at this juncture that he was
subsequently convicted and sentenced in the Subordinate Courts on one charge
of consuming a controlled drug.

3 On 13 September 2005, the applicant was detained pursuant to s 44(1) of the
CLTPA. On the following day, he was detained for another 24 hours by order of
an Assistant Director of the CNB under s 44(2) of the CLTPA, read with s 47(3)
of the same Act. Later that day, he was ordered to be detained for an
additional 14 days by a Deputy Director of the CNB pursuant to his powers
under s 44(3) of the CLTPA, read with s 47(3).

4 On 29 September 2005, the Minister for Home Affairs (“the Minister”), with
the Public Prosecutor’s consent, issued an order pursuant to s 30 of the
CLTPA, directing that the applicant be detained for 12 months at the
Queenstown Remand Prison (the “Detention Order”). The Detention Order was in
the following terms:

Whereas I, _WONG KAN SENG_ , Minister for Home Affairs, am satisfied that
_Wong Sin Yee_ NRIC No:  _S1328846A_ of _Blk 467 Ang Mo Kio Avenue 10 #02-1004
Singapore 560467_ has been associated with activities of a criminal nature and
that it is necessary that the said _Wong Sin Yee_ should be detained in the
interests of public safety, peace and good order:

NOW, THEREFORE, I, in pursuance of the provisions of section 30 of the
Criminal Law (Temporary Provisions) Act and with the consent of the Public
Prosecutor, hereby direct that the said _Wong Sin Yee_ be detained in the
_Queenstown Remand Prison_ , Singapore, for a period of twelve months
commencing from the date hereof.

Made this 29th of September, 2005.

5 On the same day, the applicant was informed as follows:

… [T]he Minister for Home Affairs has in exercise of his powers under section
30(a) of the Criminal Law (Temporary Provisions) Act ordered that you be
detained for a period of 12 months in _Queenstown Remand Prison_ with effect
from _29 Sep 2005_.

2 The nature of your criminal activities is as follows:

(a) You have been involved in activities relating to or connected with
trafficking of ketamine.

(b) Particulars of drug trafficking:

Between early 2004 and Apr 2005, you were a syndicate leader smuggling
ketamine from Malaysia to Taiwan and from Malaysia to China via Hong Kong.

3 A copy of the Order of Detention is attached for your retention.

4 Your case will be referred to a Criminal Law Advisory Committee for its
consideration. At the hearing, you will be given the opportunity to make
representations to the Committee. The Secretary of the Committee will notify
you in due course of the date of its hearing.

6 On 3 October 2005, the Minister, as is required by s 31 of the CLTPA,
referred the applicant’s case to the Advisory Committee, a panel of prominent
private citizens, including Justices of the Peace, senior lawyers and
community leaders constituted under s 39 of the CLTPA. Section 31 of the CLTPA
provides as follows:

**31.** — (1) Every order made by the Minister under section 30 shall,
together with a written statement of the grounds upon which the Minister made
the order, be referred by the Minister to an advisory committee constituted as
provided in section 39, within 28 days of the making of the order.

(2) The advisory committee shall submit to the President a written report on
the making of the order and may make therein such recommendations as it shall
think fit.

(3) The President shall consider the report and may cancel or confirm the
order and in confirming the order may make thereto such variations as he
thinks fit.

7 On 13 October 2005, the applicant was notified by the secretary of the
Advisory Committee that his case would be considered on 8 November 2005. He
was informed that he could make representations to the Advisory Committee. The
applicant’s lawyer, Mr Mak Kok Weng (“Mr Mak”), who represented him at the
hearing, applied for an adjournment of the case and the hearing was postponed
to 8 December 2005.

8 The written representations on behalf of the applicant that were submitted
to the Advisory Committee by Mr Mak were as follows:

1 The allegation against Mr Wong was that he was involved in activities
relating to or connected with the trafficking of Ketamine.

2 More particularly, it was alleged that between early 2004 and April 2005, he
was a syndicate leader smuggling Ketamine from Malaysia to Taiwan and from
Malaysia to China via Hong Kong.

3 There was no allegation whatsoever that Mr Wong was engaged in any criminal
activities in Singapore.

4 Mr Wong emphatically denies that he had been involved in any criminal
activity either in Singapore or elsewhere in the world.

5 Mr Wong, an advocate & solicitor, was convicted of an offence after being
involved in a scuffle with a fellow motorist. Although the offence did not
involve dishonesty or professional misconduct, he was suspended from legal
practice for 2 years.

6 Mr Wong well knew of the consequences of engaging in the kind of criminal
activities alleged against him and would never engage in such activities.

7 During the period when he was alleged to have been involved in criminal
activities, he in fact was making preparations to resume legal practice. He
has a wife and 2 young children aged 12 years and 10 years respectively. He
has a bright future ahead and was looking forward to practising law again. He
was, in fact, issued with a Practising Certificate shortly before his arrest
and detention.

8 The Criminal Law (Temporary Provisions) Act (Cap 67) (“the Act”) was
intended “to make temporary provisions for the maintenance of public order…”
as stated in its preamble.

9 The Act was designed to deal with criminal acts in Singapore which threaten
the country’s public order.

10 The allegations against Mr Wong are in relation to acts outside Singapore.
Additionally Mr Wong was accused of criminal activities which took place
between early 2004 and April 2005. On the date of his detention ie 12
September 2005, such alleged activities had ceased. As such there cannot be
any justification for detaining him “in the interests of public safety, peace
and good order…”.

11 It is respectively hoped that if the committee is not inclined to recommend
Mr Wong’s release from detention, perhaps it would recommend that he be placed
under Police supervision.

12 Mr Wong’s passport has already been cancelled. Under Police supervision, he
would not be permitted to leave Singapore without authority. Effectively, he
would not be able to engage in the criminal activities alleged.

9 The Advisory Committee heard the applicant’s case on 8 November 2005, 8
December 2005 and 12 January 2006. After receiving the report of the Advisory
Committee, the Detention Order was confirmed by the President on 10 March
2006.

10 In July 2006, a Review Committee, which is different from the Advisory
Committee, met to consider whether or not the applicant’s Detention Order
should be extended. The Review Committee forwarded its recommendation to the
President and on 18 August 2006, the President ordered that the applicant’s
Detention Order be extended for another 12 months with effect from 29 August
2006.

11 The applicant, who believes that his detention under the CLTPA is unlawful,
instituted the present proceedings to challenge the basis for his detention.

Scope of judicial review

12 In _Chng Suan Tze v Minister of Home Affairs_ [1988] SLR 132 (“ _Chng Suan
Tze_ ”), the Court of Appeal ruled that the scope of review by the courts
varies according to whether or not a discretion granted to an authority
depended on the establishment of an objective jurisdictional or precedent
fact. If an objective jurisdictional or precedent fact has to be established,
the scope of review extends to whether the evidence justifies the decision
reached by the authority. On the other hand, where no jurisdictional or
precedent fact has to be established, the scope of judicial review is strictly
limited to whether the authority’s exercise of discretion was illegal,
procedurally improper or irrational in the _Wednesbury_ sense (see _Associated
Provincial Picture Houses Ltd v Wednesbury Corp_ [1948] 1 KB 223), namely that
the decision is so outrageous in its defiance of logic or accepted moral
standards that no sensible person who had applied his mind to the question to
be decided could have arrived at it (see _Council of Civil Service Unions and
others v Minister for the Civil Service_ [1985] AC 374, at 410).

13 In the present case, both the applicant and the Attorney-General’s Chambers
accepted that the grounds for reviewing the Minister’s discretion under s 30
of the CLTPA and the President’s discretion under s 31 of the said Act are
limited to illegality, procedural impropriety and irrationality in the
_Wednesbury_ sense.

Illegality

14 The applicant contended that the Minister’s decision is illegal for the
following reasons:

(a) The grounds of detention are outside the scope of the CLTPA;

(b) The applicant was not informed of the grounds of arrest until he was
issued with the Detention Order; and

(c) There was _mala fides_ on the part of the detaining authorities.

**_Whether the grounds of detention are outside the scope of the CLTPA_**

15 The plaintiff asserted that s 30 of the CLTPA does not authorise the
detention of a person for criminal activities _outside_ Singapore. He
emphasized that even if the allegations against him were true, the activities
in question affected public safety, peace and good order in other countries,
but not in Singapore.

16 The court was urged to consider the preamble of the CLTPA, which is as
follows:

An Act to make temporary provisions for the maintenance of public order, the
control of supplies by sea to Singapore, and the prevention of strikes and
lock-outs in essential services.

17 It was also pointed out that when the CLTPA (Amendment) Bill was discussed
in Parliament on 4 August 1989, the then Minister for Home Affairs, Professor
S Jayakumar, had informed Parliament as follows:

Over the years, it has proved to be an effective weapon for the suppression of
secret society activities, drug trafficking activities and other serious
crimes _in Singapore_ ….

The Act has substantially contributed to the maintenance of law and order _in
Singapore._

[emphasis added]

18 The applicant’s counsel, Mr Jimmy Yim SC, submitted that a criminal law
statute generally operates within the territorial limits of the country
enacting it. He referred to _PP v Taw Cheng Kong_ [1998] 2 SLR 410, where the
Court of Appeal approved of Lord Russell CJ’s statement in _R v Jameson_
[1896] 2 QB 425 at p 430 that “if there be nothing which points to a contrary
intention, the statute will be taken to apply only to the United Kingdom”. He
also referred to other English cases, including _Air-India v Wiggins_ [1980] 1
WLR 815, where Lord Diplock stated at p 819 as follows:

[I]n construing Acts of Parliament, there is a well-established presumption
that, in the absence of clear and specific words to the contrary, an “
_offence-creating section_ ” of an Act of Parliament (to borrow an expression
used by this House in _Cox v Army Council_ ...) was not intended to make
conduct taking place outside the territorial jurisdiction of the Crown an
offence triable in an English criminal court.

[emphasis added]

19 Undoubtedly, in the absence of clear and specific words to the contrary, an
“offence-creating” statutory provision relates to offences committed in
Singapore. However, as was rightly pointed out by Senior State Counsel Ms
Mavis Chionh, the CLTPA is not an “offence-creating” statute. The true nature
of the CLTPA was explained by the Court of Appeal in _Kamal Jit Singh v
Minister for Home Affairs_ [1993] 1 SLR 24 (“ _Kamal Jit Singh_ ”) at [20] as
follows:

The detention is … not punitive in the sense of being for the purpose of
punishing a past act of the detainee, but preventive in the larger interests
of society. This fundamental distinction between detention and imprisonment is
well expressed in the judgment of Ray CJ giving the judgment of the Supreme
Court of India in _Haradhan Saha v The State of West Bengal & Ors_ [[1974] AIR
SC 275] at p 2160:

The power of preventive detention is qualitatively different from punitive
detention. The power of preventive detention is a precautionary power
exercised in reasonable anticipation. It may or may not relate to an offence….

20 As for what is required before a person can be detained under the CLTPA,
the Court of Appeal made it clear in _Kamal Jit Singh_ ([19] _supra_ at [20])
that detention under s 30 of the CLTPA is:

dependent upon the satisfaction of the Minister for Home Affairs: (1) that the
detainee has been associated with activities of a criminal nature, and (2)
that it is necessary that the person be detained in the interests of public
safety, peace and good order.

21 While the Minister must be satisfied that a detention order is required in
the interests of public safety, peace and good order _in_ Singapore, it does
not follow that the threat to public safety, peace and good order must result
from criminal activities in Singapore. Otherwise, a person who is believed to
be a threat to public safety, peace and good order in Singapore because of his
criminal activities abroad must be given some time to become involved in
criminal activities in Singapore before he can be detained under s 30 of the
CLTPA. The applicant’s first ground for challenging the Detention Order thus
fails.

**_No notice of the grounds of arrest until the issuance of the Detention
Order_**

22 The applicant next claimed that his rights under Art 9(3) of the
Constitution, which provides, _inter alia_ , that a person who has been
arrested shall be informed as soon as may be of the grounds of his arrest, had
been infringed because he was not informed of the grounds of arrest until he
was notified of the Detention Order on 29 September 2005. Ms Chionh retorted
that Art 9(3) does not apply to cases of preventive detention because of Art
9(6) of the Constitution, which provides as follows:

Nothing in this Article shall invalidate any law –

(a) in force before the commencement of this Constitution which authorises the
arrest and detention of any person in the interests of public safety, peace
and good order; or

(b) …

by reason of such law being inconsistent with clauses (3) and (4), and, in
particular, nothing in this Article shall affect the validity or operation of
any such law before 10 March 1978.

23 I will defer consideration of the effect, if any, of Art 9(6) of the
Constitution on the CLTPA to another occasion when this is a material issue
before the court. In the present case, the validity of the Detention Order
does not depend on the validity of the arrest by CNB officers prior to its
issuance on 29 September 2005. As has been pointed out at [20], what is
relevant in the present case is whether or not the Minister was satisfied that
the applicant had been associated with activities of a criminal nature and
that his detention was necessary in the interests of public safety, peace and
good order.

24 In _Shamm bin Sulong v Minister for Home Affairs & Anor_ [1996] 2 SLR 736
(“ _Shamm bin Sulong_ ”), Choo Han Teck JC adopted the same approach when he
held at [16] that an illegality in an arrest under s 44 of the CLTPA does not
render unlawful the Minister’s Detention Order under s 30 of the Act, which is
independent of the said arrest. He added that s 30 of the CLTPA allows the
Minister to issue a Detention Order whether or not the person intended to be
detained is “at large or in custody” and the reasonable interpretation of the
phrase “at large or in custody” is “wherever the detainee may be”, and even if
he is under unlawful custody.

25 As the validity of the arrest by the CNB officers under the CLTPA has no
effect on the validity of the Minister’s Detention Order, it follows that the
applicant’s assertion that he had not been informed of the grounds of his
arrest until the issuance of the Detention Order need not be further
considered.

**_Mala fides_**

26 The applicant also contended that _mala fides_ on the part of the
authorities vitiated the Detention Order. His counsel, Mr Yim, pointed out
that in a Malaysian case, _Karam Singh v Menteri Hal Ehwal Dalam Negeri
(Minister of Home Affairs), Malaysia_ [1969] 2 MLJ 129 (“ _Karam Singh_ ”),
Ong Hock Thye CJ referred to want of good faith at p 141 in the following
terms:

In this connection, want of good faith, of course, means no more than that, in
the serious matter of depriving a citizen of his liberty without trial, there
was absence of care, caution and a proper sense of responsibility … If it was
true that the order came to be made in a casual or cavalier fashion, it cannot
properly be said that the Cabinet or the Minister concerned had been
“satisfied”. On the other hand, if the decision was made upon a proper
evaluation of the facts and surrounding circumstances and after due
deliberation, that was all which could be required for the issue of an order
based on subjective satisfaction….

27 In _Yeap Hock Seng @ Ah Seng v Minister for Home Affairs, Malaysia & Ors_
[1975] 2 MLJ 279 (“ _Yeap Hock Seng”)_ , Abdoolcader J, who reiterated at p
284 that the onus of proving _mala fides_ on the part of the detaining
authority is on the applicant, pointed out that this onus “is normally
extremely difficult to discharge as what is required is proof of improper or
bad motive in order to invalidate the detention order for _mala fides_ and not
mere suspicion”. He added that while the applicant may suggest that the
circumstances surrounding his case might possibly reflect some suspicion of
_mala fides_ , this cannot, by itself, be sufficient proof of _mala fides_.

28 The applicant’s main complaint was that the CNB officers were biased
against him and had made untrue allegations against him, some of which had
been reported in the newspapers. He referred to inaccurate newspaper reports
about his cars and hand phones and highlighted the fact that one newspaper had
reported that the CNB had taken action against him because it had feared that
he was about to return to legal practice after having been suspended from
practising law for a conviction relating to a scuffle with a fellow motorist.
He asserted that the CNB’s allegations against him, as reported in the press,
had been made without sufficient care, caution and a proper sense of
responsibility and that these press reports and reports by biased CNB officers
might have influenced the decision of the Minister and the Advisory Committee.

29 While the applicant may have misgivings about some CNB officers, the issue
before the court is whether or not the Minister, who is required to obtain the
consent of the Public Prosecutor for the Detention Order under s 30 of the
CLTPA, had exercised his discretion without sufficient care, caution and a
proper sense of responsibility or had done so for an improper purpose. As for
the applicant’s contention that the Minister had based his decision to detain
him on reports of CNB officers, who were biased against him, the following
passage from Abdoolcader J’s judgment in _Yeap Hock Seng_ ([27] _supra_) at pp
284-285, which concerns allegations of _mala fides_ on the part of the police,
sheds much light on the legal position:

But where an order of detention is challenged on the ground of _mala fides_ ,
what has got to be made out is not the want of _bona fides_ on the part of the
police, but the want of _bona fides_ as well as the non-application of mind on
the part of the detaining authority which for this purpose must be taken to be
different from the police …. Want of _bona fides_ on the part of the Minister
as well would therefore be essential, and in the circumstances of this case,
although no affirmative [or] direct allegation against the Minister to this
effect seems to be made by the applicant in his supporting affidavit, I find
no _mala fides_ established on the part of either the police or the Minister
nor any evidence or proof that the latter had not applied his mind in making
the detention order.

30 There is no evidence that CNB officers had misled the Minister or the
Advisory Committee or that the Minister had issued the Detention Order without
applying his mind to the matter or without exercising sufficient care or
caution. As such, the allegation of _mala fides_ was not proven by the
applicant.

Procedural impropriety

31 The applicant’s allegations on procedural flaws in his initial and
continued detention may be summarised as follows:

(a) There was a break in the chain of authorisation for his detention;

(b) The grounds of detention were “vague and unclear”;

(c) The Advisory Committee had failed to hear his detailed factual arguments
supporting his case;

(d) There had been inordinate delay in the confirmation of the Detention Order
by the President;

(e) The authorities had failed to inform him of the date of the first annual
review of his case by the Review Committee; and

(f) The Review Committee had failed to consider new facts and new developments
since he was detained.

**_Whether there was a break in the chain of authorisation for the
detention_**

32 The applicant, who said that he was arrested by CNB officers at 12.45 pm on
12 September 2005, contended that there was a break in the chain of
authorisation for his detention. The position was put as follows in his
counsel’s written submissions at [17]:

Under section 44(2) and (3) of the CLTPA, the Applicant could only be detained
further for an additional period not exceeding 14 days after 48 hours from the
time of his arrest on the 12 September 2005 at about 12.45 pm…. [The]
detention period should have expired at mid-night 27 September 2005. This is
calculated based on the rule that the first day of the additional 14 days is
the 14 September 2005 [See _Tan Boon Aun v Timbalan Menteri Dalam Negeri,
Malaysia & Another_ [1991] 2 MLJ 55….] [“ _Tan Boon Aun_ ”] At mid-night on 27
September 2005 or before that, the Applicant should either be released or
issued with a fresh Detention Order…. [He] was only issued with the Detention
Order on the 29 September 2005….

33 For reasons already stated, the lawfulness of the earlier detention
authorised by CNB officers does not affect the validity of the Minister’s
Detention Order. All the same, it is worth noting that the applicant made two
crucial mistakes in his calculation of the allowable period of detention.
First, he was initially arrested on 12 September 2005 pursuant to powers under
the Misuse of Drugs Act and not the CLTPA. As such, his arrest and detention
under the CLTPA began on 13 September 2005 and he was detained under the CLTPA
until 29 September 2005, after which the Minister’s Detention Order was
issued. The total period of detention under the CLTPA prior to the issuance of
the Detention Order was thus 14 days plus 48 hours, which is permitted by law.
Secondly, the applicant did not take into account the fact that as days of
detention are counted in 24-hour blocks, a day does not necessarily end at
midnight. As for the applicant’s reliance on _Tan Boon Aun_ ([32] _supra_),
where Edgar Joseph Jr J held that a period of 12 days detention, which
commenced at 2 pm on 1 April 1988, ended at midnight on 12 April 1988, Ms
Chionh rightly noted that that case is distinguishable as there was a note on
the order regarding the detention of the detainee in question to the effect
that the period of remand was to end on 12 April 1988. As no reference was
made in the note to the exact time for release, it was assumed that the period
of detention ended at midnight on that day. In view of the aforesaid, the
applicant’s complaint about a break in the chain of authorisation for his
detention before he was served with the Minister’s Detention Order cannot be
countenanced.

**_Whether the grounds of detention are vague and unclear_**

34 The applicant also asserted that the Detention Order is defective because
the grounds of detention are vague and unclear. In _Karam Singh_ ([26]
_supra_), Ong Hock Thye CJ said at pp 141-142 that what is relevant is whether
or not it can be said that the complainant “was ever in the dark” about the
grounds of detention or “that he was so embarrassed, through ignorance of the
ground for his detention that he was unable to make proper representations”
regarding his case. This is a question of fact.

35 In the present case, the applicant had a sufficiently clear picture of what
had been alleged against him. After all, in his first affidavit dated 23 March
2007 (the “first affidavit”), he complained at [40] and [41] that he had been
denied an opportunity to orally submit to the Advisory Committee “detailed
facts and arguments” in support of his submission that he was not involved in
the alleged criminal activities. He could not have presented detailed facts
and arguments unless he was aware of what had been alleged against him. The
applicant had also asserted in his first affidavit that one Mr Tan Yew Siam
was the “true syndicate leader of the drug trafficking” and that false
accusations had been made against him by two named persons to get him into
trouble. Finally, in his first affidavit, he stated at [86] as follows:

In conclusion, I admit that I had very unwisely socialised very closely with
David, Ah Chwee, Chen Kong Ming and Sam knowing fully well that they were drug
traffickers. However, I categorically deny that I had been engaged in any drug
trafficking activities either on my own or with these people. I also
categorically deny that I was the leader of a drug trafficking syndicate as
alleged in the Detention Order. As explained above, the Minister cannot
possibly be reasonably satisfied that I was the leader of a drug trafficking
syndicate as alleged and that I should be detained in the interest of public
safety, peace and good order in Singapore.

36 It thus cannot be said that the applicant was, to use Ong Hock Thye CJ’s
words in _Karam Singh_ ([26] _supra_), “so embarrassed, through ignorance of
the ground for his detention, that he was unable to make proper
representations” to the authorities regarding his detention. As such, this
ground of complaint is without merit.

**_The applicant’s proposed oral submissions to the Advisory Committee_**

37 The applicant asserted that his rights had been violated because the
Advisory Committee had refused to allow him to make oral representations at
its hearing on 12 January 2006 before making its recommendation on the
confirmation of the Detention Order. He claims that although he had been
represented by counsel at the hearing, he was entitled to make “detailed
factual arguments”, which had not been included in the written submissions
tendered by his counsel to the Advisory Committee, to support his assertion
that he was not involved in the alleged criminal activities.

38 This complaint is misconceived because the applicant had the opportunity to
include whatever he wanted to say in his counsel’s written submissions. In
fact, two meetings of the Advisory Committee were adjourned at his counsel’s
request. In any case, apart from the fact that rule 13 of the Criminal Law
(Advisory Committee) Rules (Cap 67, R1, 1971 Ed) gives the Advisory Committee
full discretion to admit or reject any evidence adduced, whether oral or
documentary and whether admissible or inadmissible under any written law in
force, it ought to be noted that in _Najar Singh v Government of Malaysia &
Anor_ [1976] 1 MLJ 203, where a police officer, who had been dismissed from
the police force, alleged that he had a right to make oral submissions before
the Police Service Commission, the Privy Council stated as follows:

The word “heard” does not invariably connote an oral hearing. It can be used
and is not infrequently used in relation to something written …

In a number of cases, the argument has been put forward that the omission to
hear a party orally was contrary to natural justice. In _Local Government
Board v Arlidge_ [1915] AC 120, evidence had been given on behalf of Mr
Arlidge at a public inquiry but he claimed to be entitled to be heard orally
by the Local Government Board to which he was appealing before they decided
his appeal. The House decided that he was not so entitled, Viscount Haldane LC
saying at page 134: “I do not think the Board was bound to hear the respondent
[Arlidge] orally, provided it gave him the opportunities he actually had.”

39 In short, as the applicant had not been deprived of the opportunity to have
evidence presented by his counsel on his behalf, the argument that there had
been procedural impropriety because he had not been allowed to present his
detailed factual arguments orally is without substance.

**_Whether there had been inordinate delay in confirming the Detention
Order_**

40 The applicant also asserted that there had been “inordinate delay” in the
confirmation of the Detention Order by the President. He complained that
although the Detention Order was issued on 29 September 2005, it was confirmed
by the President on 10 March 2006. It must be borne in mind that when the
Advisory Committee met to consider the applicant’s case on 8 November 2005, it
was the applicant’s counsel who sought an adjournment of this meeting and when
the Advisory Committee met again on 8 December 2005, the applicant’s counsel
requested that the second meeting be further adjourned to January 2006. The
Advisory Committee met again on 12 January 2006 and after its recommendations
had been submitted to the President, the Detention Order was confirmed on 10
March 2006. In these circumstances, the applicant is in no position to
complain that there had been inordinate delay in the confirmation of his
Detention Order by the President.

**_Extending the Detention Order and the alleged failure to consider new
facts_**

41 As for the extension of his period of detention, the applicant contended
that he was denied a right to be heard by the Review Committee when it met in
July 2006 to consider his position and forward the first annual review report
to the President. He complained that as he did not have an opportunity to
present “new” facts to the Review Committee, the Committee had submitted its
report to the President without a consideration of new facts, such as the
arrest of one Mr Chen Kong Ming (“Mr Chen”) and the possibility that Mr Chen
could have exonerated the applicant.

42 As has been mentioned, the Review Committee that met to make
recommendations on whether or not the Detention Order should be extended is
different from the Advisory Committee that advised the President in 2006 as to
whether or not the Detention Order issued by the Minister should be confirmed.
Although both committees are manned by prominent citizens, membership of the
two bodies is kept different to ensure independent thinking to safeguard a
detainee’s interest. Unlike the meetings of the Advisory Committee, which are
governed by the Criminal Law (Advisory Committee) Rules, and which provide for
a detainee’s right to be heard, the meetings of the Review Committee do not
have similar rules. This omission must have been deliberate.

43 In _Attorney-General v Thomas D’arcy Ryan_ [1980] AC 718, the Privy Council
accepted that a person having legal authority to determine a question
affecting the right of individuals is bound to observe the principles of
natural justice when exercising that authority. In the present case, it is the
President who has the power to extend the applicant’s detention and under s
38(1) of the CLTPA, the President may but is not obliged to seek the views of
the Review Committee. The applicant, who was fully aware of the case against
him, did not allege that he had been deprived of the opportunity to make
representations to the President at any time as to why the Detention Order
should not be extended. As such, his complaint that he did not have a chance
to present his case to the Review Committee need not be further considered.

Irrationality

44 The applicant contended that the Minister had acted irrationally in
ordering his detention because it appeared from the evidence that he could not
have been the boss of the alleged drug syndicate. He added that it was evident
from his financial standing at the time of his arrest that he had a lifestyle
that was inconsistent with that of a boss of a drug syndicate.

45 When considering irrationality as a ground for judicial review, it is worth
noting that in _Teo Soh Lung v Minister of Home Affairs_ [1988] SLR 676, Lai
Kew Chai J stated as follows at [24]:

Whilst a court of law must be vigilant to ensure that there is no unlawful
exercise of discretionary powers which affect the liberty of persons, a court
of law must be equally punctilious in giving effect to legislation, in not
behaving as though it is a court of appeal and must not determine, as
appellate courts do, whether the decision under challenge is right or wrong
_for the simple but compelling reason that that decision has been statutorily
left to an authority other than a court of law…_.

[emphasis added]

46 In the present case, the Minister had asserted that the applicant had been
involved in criminal activities and that it was in the interests of public
safety, peace and good order that he be detained. As for whether the alleged
activities endangered public safety, peace and good order, it was pointed out
by the Court of Appeal in _Chng Suan Tze_ ([12] _supra_) at p 163 that “it
hardly needs any emphasis that the judicial process is unsuitable for reaching
decisions on national security”. The same rule applies to questions of public
safety, peace and good order. In the light of the evidence adduced in this
case, I am in no position to hold that it has been established that the
Minister’s exercise of discretion was irrational in the _Wednesbury_ sense,
namely that it was so outrageous in its defiance of logic or accepted moral
standards that no sensible person who had applied his mind to the question to
be decided could have arrived at it.

**_Whether the applicant should be tried rather than be detained_**

47 As for the applicant’s assertion that he should be tried by a court rather
than be detained under the CLTPA, Mr Yim pointed out that the Government had
stressed on a number of occasions that the main reason for preventive
detention is the inability of the authorities to secure the testimony of
witnesses and accomplices for a trial. He submitted that in the present case,
the testimony of witnesses can be procured without difficulty. In fact, the
applicant had named certain persons, some of whom are already in custody here
or abroad, who will be able to testify if he faces a trial. These include Mr
Chen. Mr Yim said that Mr Chen, who is in police custody, has not said that he
will not testify in the applicant’s case. The applicant’s lawyer, Mr Dennis
Chua, had tried to interview Mr Chen but had been denied this opportunity by
the Prison Service on the ground that he is not Mr Chen’s lawyer.

48 While the applicant’s desire to face a trial rather than preventive
detention under the CLPTA is understandable, the short answer to this line of
argument is that in _Kamal Jit Singh_ ([19] _supra_), which is binding on this
court, the Court of Appeal held at p 33 that it is no ground for complaint
that a person is detained rather than charged in open court and that it is not
within the province of the court to determine whether a detainee ought to be
tried rather than be detained.

Conclusion

49 I am grateful to both Mr Yim and Ms Chionh for their helpful and well-
argued submissions on the issues before the court. What cannot be overstressed
is that this court is _not_ determining whether or not the applicant is guilty
of the criminal activities he is alleged to have participated in. The role of
the court is merely to determine whether or not the exercise of the discretion
given by Parliament to the authorities to issue and extend the Detention Order
may be faulted on the basis of illegality, procedural impropriety or
irrationality in the _Wednesbury_ sense. As the applicant has not proven his
case, there are no grounds for ordering that he be released from detention.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 19 Sep 2007 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

