Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Oversea-Chinese Banking Corporation Ltd v Lulla-Motion (S) Pte Ltd  
[2007] SGHC 53

Case Number | : | OS 2234/2006, RA 56/2007  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 17 April 2007  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Choo Han Teck J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Lee Eng Beng and Loke Shiu Meng (Rajah & Tann) for the plaintiff; Lim Joo Toon (Lim Joo Toon & Co) for the defendants   
Parties | : |  Oversea-Chinese Banking Corporation Ltd — Lulla-Motion (S) Pte Ltd   
  
17 April 2007  |  Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Choo Han Teck J:

1 The plaintiff bank had a business relationship with the second defendant
that was about 20 years old, according to the second defendant’s email of 22
December 2006 to Tan Ngiap Joo, a Deputy President of the plaintiff. The first
defendant owed a sum of $146,989.69 from overdraft facilities granted to it by
the plaintiff. The second defendant owed the plaintiff a sum of $229,304.15
also from overdraft facilities extended by the plaintiff. The second defendant
also owed a sum of $2,640,772.85 in the form of a housing loan taken from the
plaintiff. The loans were secured by the personal guarantees executed by the
second and third defendants in favour of the plaintiff, as well as a mortgage
over the property known as 243 Punggol Seventh Avenue.

2 By an order of court of 26 January 2007, Assistant Registrar David Lee (“AR
Lee”) ordered the second defendant to deliver vacant possession of 243 Punggol
Seventh Avenue to the plaintiff, and all three defendants were also ordered to
pay the outstanding debts due under the overdraft facilities as secured by the
personal guarantees of the second and third defendants. The defendants applied
to set aside those orders and that application (to set aside the earlier
orders) was heard before Assistant Registrar Kenneth Yap (“AR Yap”) on 23
February 2007. AR Yap dismissed the application and the defendants appealed
against that decision.

3 Mr Lim Joo Toon, counsel for the defendants, informed me that the defendants
were not represented in the proceedings before AR Lee and AR Yap, and that he
had only been instructed for this appeal. The defendants had filed this appeal
themselves before instructing Mr Lim. Mr Lim contended that the plaintiff
ought not to have proceeded with its application for judgment on 26 January
2007 in the absence of the defendants. He argued that the defendants were
justifiably absent because they were negotiating an out-of-court settlement
with the plaintiff, and had reason to believe that the hearing scheduled for
the 26 January would be adjourned. He further submitted that the orders in
respect of the payment of interest were wrong because the awards of 9.75%
interest on the overdraft facilities and 7% on the housing loan were not in
accordance with the contract. Counsel also raised various other substantive
defences in respect of the plaintiff’s claim, a claim based on a breach of the
plaintiff’s duties to the defendants insofar as the latter’s effort in getting
fresh loans were concerned. The substantive defences were not relevant before
me because the thrust of Mr Lim’s submission was that the AR Lee should not
have heard the plaintiff on 26 January in the absence of the defendants, and
therefore, the orders made ought to be set aside so that the defendants could
properly present their defences.

4 Mr Lim submitted that the second defendant was engaged with the plaintiff in
an effort to settle the matter amicably, and that this originating summons had
been fixed for hearing on several occasions previously, but were adjourned by
the plaintiff for that reason, and that on those occasions the defendants were
not required to be present. Hence, counsel submitted that the defendants
reasonably expected that the plaintiff would be asking for a similar
adjournment on 26 January. Instead, he was only informed by an email sent to
him at 9pm on 25 January telling him that the plaintiff was proceeding with
its application the next day. However, the second defendant said that he did
not see that email until the afternoon of 26 January and by which time the
orders had already been made. Mr Lee Eng Beng, counsel for the plaintiff,
conceded that the parties had attempted to settle the matter amicably, but he
submitted that the plaintiff had not given any impression that it would not
proceed with the hearing on 26 January. He pointed out that the Originating
Summons had previously been adjourned to be heard on 19 January 2007 to enable
the parties to negotiate a settlement. On the eve of the hearing scheduled for
19 January the plaintiff’s solicitors wrote to all three defendants. The
important passage at paragraph 5 read as follows:

The [plaintiff] remains prepared to enter into a settlement agreement with you
on the terms previously communicated to you, and hopes that you will seriously
consider accepting the settlement. As a gesture of goodwill, we will request
the Court to grant a 1-week adjournment of the hearing of [this Originating
Summons] to January 2007. Subject to the Court granting the adjournment, we
will also extend the deadline for the acceptance of our terms of settlement as
stated in our letter of 16 January 2007 to 5pm on 24 January 2007. Please
signify your acceptance by signing the acceptance column in the said letter
and returning the letter by 5pm on 24 January 2007, failing which we will have
to withdraw our offer and proceed with the hearing of [this Originating
Summons].

The plaintiff’s solicitors attended court the next day and requested that the
hearing be adjourned to 26 January 2007. The defendants were duly notified by
letter dated 19 January which also warned that if the defendants “fail to
attend, such order will be made as the Court may think just and expedient.”

5 On the plaintiff’s account, which was borne out by the letters, I am
satisfied that there was no reason to vitiate AR Lee’s orders made on 26
January 2007 by reason of the application being heard in the absence of the
defendants. If the defendants had misunderstood the situation it was not
because of the conduct of the plaintiff or its solicitors. Had the defendants
been advised by counsel at the material time, such a misunderstanding might
not have arisen. Accordingly, AR Yap’s dismissal of the application was
correct and this appeal against his dismissal therefore failed.

6 The defendants had further complicated their case by filing their own appeal
to set aside AR Yap’s decision of 23 February 2007 (to set aside the orders of
AR Lee of 26 January 2007) instead of appealing against the orders of AR Lee.
This course appeared also to have been undertaken without counsel’s advice. In
the hearing before me, Mr Lim referred to various issues that might be
legitimate issues relating to the loan and guarantee contracts between the
plaintiff and the defendants, but because the issue before me was the
propriety of the hearing on 26 January 2007, the contractual issues were not
relevant. They would have been relevant had this appeal been against the
orders of AR Lee instead of the order of AR Yap. If the defendants were out of
time for appealing against AR Lee’s orders they should have applied for leave
to appeal out of time and the merits of the appeal would still have been
relevant in that application.

7 For the reasons above, the appeal before me was dismissed.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 17 Apr 2007 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

