Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Lau Siew Kim v Yeo Guan Chye Terence and Another  
[2007] SGCA 54

Case Number | : | CA 13/2007  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 30 November 2007  
Tribunal/Court | : | Court of Appeal  
Coram | : |  Belinda Ang Saw Ean J; Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA; V K Rajah JA   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Chew Swee Leng (ComLaw LLC) and Sng Kheng Huat (Sng & Co) for the appellant; Michael Khoo SC, Josephine Low and Andy Chioh (Michael Khoo & Partners) for the respondents   
Parties | : |  Lau Siew Kim — Yeo Guan Chye Terence; Theodore Yeo Guan Huat alias Yeo Guan Huat   
  
Family Law – Advancement – Presumption – Presumption of advancement still
relevant in Singapore – Strength of presumption varying with circumstances in
accordance with modern social conditions – Factors to be considered in
determining strength of presumption  
  
Land – Interest in land – Spouses holding properties as joint tenants –
Unequal contributions to purchase prices of jointly-owned properties –
Interplay between presumptions of resulting trust and advancement –
Presumption of advancement applying to presume intention of parties for rule
of survivorship to operate  
  
Trusts – Resulting trusts – Presumed resulting trusts – Time at which
respective contributions of parties should be determined for purposes of
presuming a resulting trust – Nature of contributions giving rise to
presumption of resulting trust  
  
Trusts – Resulting trusts – Spouses holding properties as joint tenants –
Whether presumption of resulting trust arising on facts – Whether presumption
of advancement applying to displace the initial presumption – Whether
sufficient evidence adduced to rebut presumption of advancement  
  

30 November 2007 |  Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
**V K Rajah JA (delivering the judgment of the court):**

1 In modern societies, more properties are now being held in joint names. This
has been engendered by a number of factors including rising property prices,
joint-income families, gender equality, greater longevity, tax planning and
the function of a home both as a residence and an asset. Given the increasing
number of disputes involving the joint ownership of property, particularly
between spouses, a clear articulation and understanding of the law governing
the proprietary rights of co-owners is now more relevant than ever before. In
this context, not all have properly grasped when and why equity has deigned to
intervene so as to temper the seemingly unrelenting inflexibility of the
common law and/or statutes.

2 The law of implied trusts was conceived to validate and facilitate the
recognition of equitable interests whenever fairness required that formal
title ownership be adjusted to reflect the real interests of the parties in a
property. One such example of how equity has intervened to resolve uncertainty
when it arises in connection with the beneficial ownership of property is
through the presumption of resulting trust. A resulting trust is presumed to
exist when the transferee has not given full consideration or is a fiduciary
or is under an obligation to return the property to the transferor. Such a
presumption is justified by the finding of a presumed intention of the
transferor that he desires to retain ownership despite having parted with the
legal title. A countervailing presumption is the presumption of advancement
that applies to certain close relationships where it might be logically
surmised that the transferor intended to make a gift to the transferee.
Needless to say, both presumptions can be refuted by evidence of the real
objective of the transferor. The presumptions are, in the final analysis, no
more than evidential guidelines distilled from contemporary norms.

3 The present appeal addresses the merits of inferring and imposing a
resulting trust on a joint tenancy of property based on the alleged presumed
intention of a deceased joint tenant. Given the existence of a spousal
relationship, the competing and diametrically opposite presumptions of
resulting trust and advancement take centre stage in this inquiry. Current
community attitudes and societal trends must be taken into account and are
indispensable to a close scrutiny and study of each of these presumptions;
equitable rules and doctrines should always be approached and applied in
nothing less than a practical and principled manner. Larger policy issues also
figure in the equation, extending not merely to real property in general, but
to other types of property, such as bank accounts, as well. It must be
emphasised, however, that _not_ every instance of property jointly held by
spouses would necessarily justify a “post-mortem” by the estate of a deceased
spouse in order to divide the property with a view to claiming a beneficial
interest proportionate to that party’s contributions. To that extent, one must
consider and clarify the interplay between the presumption of resulting trust
on the one hand and the presumption of advancement on the other, to determine
which prevails in any given instance of a joint tenancy. To facilitate
digestion of this judgment, we now set out the schematic arrangement we have
adopted to address the issues raised:

(1) Facts

(a) Background

(b) The Minton Rise property

(c) The Jalan Tari Payong property

(2) The trial judge’s decision

(3) The parties’ contentions

(a) The appellant’s case

(b) The respondents’ case

(4) Equitable principles and doctrines

(a) Historical background of equity

(b) Modern development

(5) Presumption of resulting trust

(a) Historical origins

(b) Presumption of fact or law?

(c) Modern-day application

> (i) Abolishing the presumption of resulting trust?
>
> (ii) A more moderate approach

(6) Presumption of advancement

(a) Parent-child relationships

(b) Spousal relationships

> (i) Relevance of the Women’s Charter

(7) Joint tenancies

(a) The case of joint tenancies between spouses: Interplay between the
presumptions of resulting trust and advancement

(8) The present appeal

(a) Whether the presumption of resulting trust arises on the facts

> (i) Time at which respective contributions of the parties should be
> determined
>
> (ii) Nature of contributions which give rise to the presumption of resulting
> trust
>
> (iii) The Minton Rise property
>
> (iv) The Jalan Tari Payong property

(b) Application of the presumption of advancement

> (i) Relevance of the second will
>
> (ii) Legal advice on joint tenancy
>
> (iii) Financial independence of the appellant
>
> (iv) State of the relationship between the parties

(c) Rebuttal of the presumption of advancement

> (i) Analysis of the evidence adduced by the respondents

(9) Conclusion

**Facts**

4 The factual essence of the present appeal may be captured within a narrow
compass. The respondents had sought, _inter alia_ , a declaration by the trial
judge that the appellant held the properties at 149 Hougang Street 11 #10-136,
Minton Rise, Singapore (“the Minton Rise property”) and 18 Jalan Tari Payong,
Singapore (“the Jalan Tari Payong property”) on trust for the estate of Yeo
Hock Seng, deceased (“the Estate”). The trial judge found that an unrebutted
presumption of resulting trust arose on the facts with respect to both
properties and it was declared that the appellant held the two properties on
trust for both herself and the Estate, in proportions corresponding to their
respective financial contributions to the purchase of the properties. The
appellant now appeals against the whole of the trial judge’s decision.

**_Background_**

5 The respondents are the only sons of the late Yeo Hock Seng (“Yeo”). Yeo had
two acrimonious divorces, one with his first wife, the mother of the
respondents, and the other with his second wife. These occurred in 1988 and
1996 respectively. For more than a decade before his death, Yeo was estranged
from the respondents and both respondents admitted to not having any contact
with their father during that period. On 18 December 2000, Yeo married the
appellant, his third wife. This marriage endured until he passed away on 23
November 2004 as a result of a heart attack.

6 Yeo made two wills in his lifetime. His first will was dated 28 January
1992, and in it, he left all his real and personal property to the first
respondent. Subsequently, on 20 May 1996, Yeo made another will (“second
will”) which revoked his first will; the appellant was the sole beneficiary
named in the second will. However, upon the application of the respondents in
Suit No 32 of 2005, the High Court declared that the second will had been
deemed to be revoked by the subsequent marriage of Yeo to the appellant on 18
December 2000. Summary judgment on this issue was awarded to the respondents
on 5 July 2005. The appellant appealed against that decision but her appeal
was dismissed with costs on 27 July 2005. As such, the rules governing
intestacy would dictate the devolution of the Estate. This leads to the nub of
the controversy. What property constitutes the Estate?

7 Yeo had interests in three properties at the time of his demise: 33 Fowlie
Road, Singapore and 35 Fowlie Road, Singapore (collectively, “the Fowlie Road
property”), the Minton Rise property and the Jalan Tari Payong property. The
Fowlie Road property was initially 33 Fowlie Road (“the original 33 Fowlie
Road”). It was demolished in 2002 and a pair of semi-detached houses was built
in its place, _ie_ , 33 Fowlie Road and 35 Fowlie Road. 33 Fowlie Road was
sold in February 2004 for $1.828m. 35 Fowlie Road remains unsold. The Fowlie
Road property was registered in Yeo’s sole name and the property is not the
subject of dispute in the present appeal. The subject matter of this appeal
comprises only the Minton Rise property and the Jalan Tari Payong property
(collectively, “the Properties”), both of which were held on the basis of a
joint tenancy in the names of Yeo and the appellant. After Yeo’s demise,
however, the appellant became the sole registered owner of the Properties by
virtue of the rule of survivorship.

**_The Minton Rise property_**

8 In April 2000, Yeo and the appellant purchased the Minton Rise property, a
Housing and Urban Development Corporation maisonette under the fiancé/fiancée
scheme as joint tenants. The property was the matrimonial home of Yeo and the
appellant, and, to date, the appellant is still living in it.

9 The purchase price of the Minton Rise property was $495,000, and was
partially financed by a housing loan of $396,000 jointly obtained by both Yeo
and the appellant from Standard Chartered Bank on 6 June 2006. The balance
purchase price of $99,000 was paid by Yeo from his overdraft account with
Oversea-Chinese Banking Corporation Limited. Yeo’s overdraft account was
discharged by a term loan of $1,200,000 which Yeo and the appellant obtained
on 6 June 2006, in their joint names, from Standard Chartered Bank. This, in
turn, was secured by a mortgage on the original 33 Fowlie Road.

**_The Jalan Tari Payong property_**

10 On 10 March 2004, Yeo and the appellant purchased 18 Jalan Tari Payong at
an auction, as joint tenants, for $1,100,000. To finance the purchase, a
housing loan of $770,000 secured by the property was obtained jointly by Yeo
and the appellant from United Overseas Bank Limited (“UOB”) on 19 March 2004.
A further short-term loan of $80,000 was obtained by Yeo and the appellant
from UOB, by way of a joint letter of undertaking, to repay that sum from the
sale proceeds of 33 Fowlie Road. The balance of the purchase price, which
amounted to $250,000, was financed by the overdraft facilities obtained by Yeo
and the appellant from UOB. This was also secured by the original 33 Fowlie
Road; after the redevelopment of the Fowlie Road property and the sale of 33
Fowlie Road, the overdraft facilities were subsequently revised and secured
solely by 35 Fowlie Road.

11 Yeo and the appellant bought the Jalan Tari Payong property with an
intention to redevelop it into two semi-detached houses (18 and 18A Jalan Tari
Payong). Construction commenced in June 2004 and the works were only completed
in 2005 after Yeo’s death. The redevelopment of the Jalan Tari Payong property
was financed by a construction loan of $822,500 from UOB, obtained jointly by
both Yeo and the appellant on 7 July 2004. Following Yeo’s demise, on 5 May
2005, the appellant obtained a revised construction loan from UOB, in her sole
name, to complete the redevelopment of the Jalan Tari Payong property.

12 18A Jalan Tari Payong was sold on 22 June 2006 for $1.5m and the proceeds
of sale were used to discharge the construction loan and the expenses incurred
in the redevelopment of the property. The Jalan Tari Payong property in issue
in the present appeal is, therefore, only the property at 18 Jalan Tari
Payong.

**The trial judge’s decision**

13 The trial judge held in _Yeo Guan Chye Terence v Lau Siew Kim_ [2007] 2 SLR
1 (“the High Court decision”) that the existence of a resulting trust overrode
the right of survivorship in the joint tenancies of both the Minton Rise
property and the Jalan Tari Payong property. She acknowledged that it was
axiomatic that the right of survivorship dictated that both the properties in
joint tenancies belonged to the appellant. However, she opined that this would
result in the Estate being left with nothing, which appeared to her to be both
unintended and unjust. The learned trial judge was therefore of the view that
equity ought to intervene, in this case, to ensure that although Yeo and the
appellant were joint tenants at law, they were actually deemed to be tenants
in common in equity, in accordance with the proportion of their respective
financial contributions.

14 With respect to the Minton Rise property, the trial judge had “grave
doubts” on whether the appellant had indeed contributed to its acquisition
(see the High Court decision at [49]). Nevertheless, as: (a) the appellant was
the joint borrower of the housing loan for the Minton Rise property; (b) the
Minton Rise property was the matrimonial home of Yeo and the appellant; and
(c) the appellant had continued to reside there, the trial judge concluded
that the appellant could not be deprived of _all_ interest in that property.
Hence, it was held that there was a resulting trust over the Minton Rise
property in the proportions of the financial contributions of Yeo and the
appellant. After scrutinising the repayment scheme of the housing loan and
acknowledging that the appellant had paid the monthly mortgage instalments for
the bulk of the housing loan upon Yeo’s demise, the trial judge was of the
view that “rough and ready justice” (see the High Court decision at [58])
dictated that the proportions of the property to be held on trust should be
50% to the Estate and 50% to the appellant.

15 As for the Jalan Tari Payong property, the trial judge assumed that the
payment of monthly instalments were in equal proportions as it was a joint
loan and “[n]owhere in the evidence was it stated who paid for the monthly
instalments of the housing loan” (see the High Court decision at [61]).
However, she also considered the amount of the purchase price covered by the
short-term loan and the overdraft account secured on the Fowlie Road property
as having been contributed by Yeo. Accordingly, it was determined that 65% of
the beneficial interest of the Jalan Tari Payong property was to be
apportioned to the Estate, and 35% was to be apportioned to the appellant.

16 The trial judge, after assessing the applicability of the presumption of
advancement, found that it did not displace the presumption of a resulting
trust on the facts. She opined that the “Singapore courts [had] moved away
from the presumption of advancement on the basis that the presumption of
advancement [was] no longer applicable in modern times unless there [was]
evidence to support the same”; it was to be treated as an evidential
instrument of last resort where there was no direct evidence as to the
intention of the parties rather than as an oft-applied rule of thumb (see the
High Court decision at [65]–[66]). On the facts, the judge held that the
presumption of advancement between husband and wife would not apply as it was
a reverse situation in the present case – Yeo, the husband, did not work and
it was the appellant wife who worked and was the apparent breadwinner.
Therefore, there was no evidence comporting with any purported intention on
the part of Yeo to present the Minton Rise property or the Jalan Tari Payong
property as outright gifts to the appellant.

**The parties’ contentions**

**_The appellant’s case_**

17 The appellant contended that the trial judge erred in holding that there
was a resulting trust over the Properties in favour of the Estate. The
evidence showed that Yeo intended to ensure that the appellant would benefit
from the acquisition of the Properties and that upon his death, she would
inherit his interest. Yeo and the appellant were duly advised by their
solicitors, and were fully aware of the operation of the right of survivorship
when they purchased the Properties in joint names and as joint tenants. In
addition, the appellant also disputed the trial judge’s computation of the
parties’ respective contributions towards the acquisition of the Properties.

18 Counsel for the appellant submitted during the hearing before us that the
strength of the presumption of resulting trust would vary from case to case;
in cases where the parties were related, and especially in an intimate
relationship such as a marriage, the presumption of resulting trust should be
weak and slight evidence should suffice to rebut it. It was also stressed that
Yeo had made a will in favour of the appellant which was only revoked by
operation of law and not voluntarily by Yeo. As such, there was no reason to
presume that Yeo had intended to retain a beneficial share of the Properties
upon his demise despite the operation of the rule of survivorship.

19 Further, the appellant’s case was that the presumption of advancement was
premised on both moral and equitable obligations, and not on financial
dependency. In the present case, there was a _prima facie_ presumption of
advancement which would shift the burden to the respondents to show that Yeo
had _not_ intended to benefit the appellant in their joint acquisition of the
Properties. The respondents had not discharged the burden and there should not
be any resulting trust imposed on the Properties; the appellant should, in the
circumstances, be the absolute owner of the Properties both in law and in
equity.

**_The respondents’ case_**

20 The respondents took the view that the trial judge had rightly imposed the
resulting trust on the Properties. They asserted that the only evidence of the
alleged explanation by solicitors to Yeo and the appellant on the legal effect
of joint tenancy was provided by the appellant herself during re-examination
by her own counsel, and this was unsupported by any other independent
evidence; no weight should thus be given to it. Instead, the reason why the
Properties were purchased in joint names was merely because it was convenient
and necessary in order to obtain a longer-term loan from the banks; there was
no intention on the part of Yeo to confer a benefit on the appellant by the
acquisition of the Properties.

21 Counsel for the respondents pointed out during the hearing that the fact
that Yeo had made a second will in favour of the appellant must be assessed in
the context that the Properties were purchased more than four years after the
second will was made; Yeo did not have these properties within his
contemplative horizon when the second will was executed. Furthermore, when one
considered the imposition of a resulting trust, it was the intention of the
parties which was _specific_ to the property in question that was relevant
rather than a _general_ intention expressed by way of a will. It was submitted
that there was inadequate evidence to rebut the presumption of resulting
trust, and, as such, there should be a resulting trust imposed on the
properties in accordance with the parties’ contributions towards acquisition.

22 Finally, with respect to the presumption of advancement, the respondents’
stance was that the doctrine clearly existed, but it would not apply on the
facts of the present case. The application of the presumption, it was
submitted, was now limited to specific instances, such as the traditional
husband-and-wife relationship where the wife was economically dependent on the
husband. The appellant was financially independent and quite unlike the
housewife for whom the presumption would operate. In the result, the trial
judge was fully entitled to make a finding that the present case involved a
“reverse situation” which fell outside the scope of operation of the
presumption of advancement.

**Equitable principles and doctrines**

23 The equitable presumptions of resulting trust and advancement are only one
particular dimension of equity and they need to be assessed against the larger
backdrop of general equitable principles and doctrines. In order to better
understand these equitable presumptions and to apply them appropriately in the
modern context, it would be helpful first to examine the court’s general
equitable jurisdiction.

**_Historical background of equity_**

24 Equity is the body of principles which has evolved progressively to
mitigate the severity sometimes occasioned by the rigid application of the
rules of the common law. Its origins lay in the exercise by the Chancellor of
the residual discretionary power of the King to do justice among his subjects
in circumstances in which, for one reason or another, justice could not be
obtained in a common law court. Several centuries earlier, Aristotle conceived
equity as “a rectification of law where the law falls short by reason of its
universality” (Aristotle, _Nicomachean Ethics_ , Book V, ch 10) and, indeed,
one of the perceived sources of inadequacy and injustice in the common law was
the generality of the law’s rules, and the law’s inability to mould its rules
to fit the circumstances of the particular case: see Patricia Loughlan, “The
Historical Role of the Equitable Jurisdiction” in _The Principles of Equity_
(Patrick Parkinson ed) (Lawbook Co, 2nd Ed, 2003) ch 1 (“Loughlan’s chapter”)
at p 6. Thus, the equitable jurisdiction functioned to prevent, correct and
sometimes reverse the individual failures of justice occasioned by a rule-
dependent and rule-governed decision-making forum. As Lord Ellesmere aptly
observed in the _Earl of Oxford’s Case_ (1615) 1 Chan Rep 1 at 6; 21 ER 485 at
486:

The Cause why there is a Chancery is, for that Mens Actions are so divers[e]
and infinite, [t]hat it is impossible to make any general Law which may aptly
meet with every particular Act, and not fail in some Circumstances.

25 In early Chancery decisions, therefore, all the circumstances of individual
cases were considered and adjudication was contextual and pragmatic. There was
no abstracting methodology, no doctrine of strict binding precedent, and,
accordingly, no commitment to the values of continuity, consistency,
uniformity and predictability which support and justify that doctrine at
common law: see Loughlan’s chapter at p 8. Over time, however, equity has
gradually metamorphosised from a jurisdiction of fluid, pragmatic, conscience-
based decision making to one founded primarily upon the application of
authoritative rules, maxims, principles and precedents. This was a natural
judicial reaction to the arbitrariness of early instances of the exercise of
equitable jurisdiction which attempted to make a virtue out of inconsistency.
Indeed, in more relevant times, for example, in _Campbell Discount Co Ltd v
Bridge_ [1961] 1 QB 445, Harman LJ sagely cautioned against applying equitable
principles as they used to be in the early Chancery decisions. He remarked at
459:

Equitable principles are, I think, perhaps rather too often bandied about in
common law courts as though the Chancellor still had only the length of his
own foot to measure when coming to a conclusion. Since the time of Lord Eldon
the system of equity for good or evil has been a very precise one, and
equitable jurisdiction is exercised only on well-known principles.

26 Today, paradoxically, the creativity of equity has become progressively
circumscribed and, to some extent, calcified. In fact, there has even been
cause for academic misgivings on how the rules that equity established for the
application of its principles had become so fixed that a “ _rigor aequitatis_
” had developed and “equity itself displayed the very defect that it was
designed to remedy”: see Jill E Martin, _Modern Equity_ (Sweet & Maxwell Ltd,
17th Ed, 2005) at para 1-002. Lord Denning had even remarked extra-judicially
in “The Need For a New Equity” (1952) 5 CLP 1 at 8 that:

The Courts of Chancery are no longer courts of equity. … They are as fixed and
immutable as the courts of law ever were.

27 The increasing rigidity of application of equitable principles stems,
perhaps understandably, from a reluctance to countenance judicial law-making
and a concern to avoid arbitrariness and uncertainty. The English judiciary’s
reluctance to undermine Parliament was manifested in Lord Lloyd of Berwick’s
judgment in _Westdeutsche Landesbank Girozentrale v Islington London Borough
Council_ [1996] AC 669 (“ _Westdeutsche_ ”) at 740:

To extend the equitable jurisdiction for the first time to cover a residual
injustice at common law, which Parliament chose not to remedy, would, I think,
be [a] great … usurpation of the role of the legislature, and [a] clear …
example of judicial law-making …

The concern to avoid uncertainty, on the other hand, is clearly exemplified by
observations such as those of Bagnall J in _Cowcher v Cowcher_ [1972] 1 WLR
425 (“ _Cowcher_ ”). These observations were made in relation to the
application of the reinvented constructive trust as a powerful proprietary
remedy to be awarded on the basis of what the judge felt was “just”, without
any clear guiding principles. He stated at 430:

I am convinced that in determining rights, particularly property rights, the
only justice that can be attained by mortals, who are fallible and are not
omniscient, is justice according to law; the justice which flows from the
application of sure and settled principles to proved or admitted facts. So in
the field of equity the length of the Chancellor’s foot has been measured or
is capable of measurement.

28 Equity’s capacity to develop new rights and remedies has not, however, been
entirely surrendered. Indeed, Bagnall J had prudently qualified his words in
_Cowcher_ at 430 in noting:

This does not mean that equity is past childbearing; simply that its progeny
must be legitimate – by precedent out of principle. It is well that this
should be so; otherwise, no lawyer could safely advise on his client’s title
and every quarrel would lead to a law suit.

An apparent balance has thus been struck between uncertainty and judicial law-
making by way of “palm tree” justice on the one hand, and the continuing need
for equity’s creativity to mitigate the rigours of the law on the other. In
our view, this balance governs the manner in which equitable principles and
doctrines ought to be developed and applied in the modern context. The courts
should be principled and pragmatic when resolving the tension of applying an
unguided and untrammelled discretion as an antidote to the blind acceptance of
inflexible hard and fast rules.

**_Modern development_**

29 Despite the reluctance of the courts to “invent” and “create” new rights
and remedies, equity is, and must necessarily be, still capable of flexible
development to address new circumstances. Glass JA in the Australian case of
_Allen v Snyder_ [1977] 2 NSWLR 685 recognised this, and, at the same time,
delineated the parameters within which such development should take place. He
opined at 689:

It is inevitable that judge made law will alter to meet the changing
conditions of society. That is the way it has always evolved. But it is
essential that new rules should be related to fundamental doctrine. If the
foundations of accepted doctrine be submerged under new principles, without
regard to the interaction between the two, there will be high uncertainty as
to the state of the law, both old and new.

30 That “new” rights and remedies should be developed from existing principles
and precedents rather than “plucked” seemingly from the air at the whim of the
judge was also a concern expressed by the English Court of Appeal in _In re
Diplock_ [1948] Ch 465. It was declared at 481–482 that:

[I]f [a] claim in equity exists it must be shown to have an ancestry founded
in history and in the practice and precedents of the courts administering
equity jurisdiction. It is not sufficient that because we may think that the
“justice” of the present case requires it, we should invent such a
jurisdiction for the first time.

Indeed, this aptly corresponds to Bagnall J’s view in _Cowcher_ that equity’s
“progeny must be legitimate – by precedent out of principle” (see [28] above).

31 Although caution has been oft-expressed with respect to the development of
new equitable principles, a number of significant developments have
nevertheless emerged in the past half-century and the courts in several common
law jurisdictions have gradually extended and developed existing principles so
as to meet modern social needs. The proprietary estoppel doctrine is one such
example. The traditional concepts of resulting and constructive trusts have
also been developed and refined to deal with joint acquisition of residential
property by married and cohabiting couples, by diffidently acknowledging the
myriad modern partnerships that now exist between such couples; the principles
of resulting and constructive trusts are now unrecognisable from the concepts
known by those names at the time of the Judicature Acts (Supreme Court of
Judicature Act 1873 (c 66) (UK) and Supreme Court of Judicature Act 1875 (c
77) (UK)): see Robert Pearce & John Stevens, _The Law of Trusts and Equitable
Obligations_ (Oxford University Press, 4th Ed, 2006) (“Pearce & Stevens”) at
pp 29–30. As society progresses and as lifestyles, attitudes and norms change,
modern development of the law and of equitable principles becomes inexorable,
and, indeed, necessary. The penetrating observations of Prof Pearce and Mr
Stevens at p 28 of their book are particularly pertinent:

The law is a coherent and dynamic whole, subject to constant re-evaluation and
adjustment, sometimes culminating in the birth of new principles and
doctrines. Equity has made a tremendous contribution to this whole and the
continuous process of remoulding equitable rights and remedies should be seen
as an essential part of this overall process of legal development.

32 Finally, the four primary perspectives which should guide the court in the
development of equitable principles have been succinctly encapsulated by Gary
Watt in _Trusts and Equity_ (Oxford University Press, 2nd Ed, 2006) at pp
47–48 as: (a) precedent; (b) principle; (c) policy; and (d) pragmatism. When a
judge is presented with a legal problem, the judge is bound to look first to
statutory law and judicial _precedent_ for a solution, but if it appears to
the judge that there is no clear solution in precedent, the judge should in
theory seek to produce a solution consistent with _principles_ derived from
precedent. Judges do not, however, reach their decisions in a logical vacuum;
they are very often acutely aware of the impact that their decisions might
have upon the wider community or society at large, and are therefore sensitive
to _policy_ considerations. Last, but by no means least, above all
considerations of principle and policy, and sometimes even above precedent,
judges are concerned to achieve a solution which works in practice and one
that will not bring the whole process into disrepute; the judicial process
must be _pragmatic_ and sensitive to public interests. In fact, Lord Goff of
Chieveley had candidly observed in _Westdeutsche_ ([27] _supra_) at 685:

It is a truism that, in deciding a question of law in any particular case, the
courts are much influenced by considerations of practical justice, and
especially by the results which would flow from the recognition of a
particular claim on the facts of the case before the court.

33 We summarise. Equity has been transformed from its early days of decision
making founded on conscience to a body of discrete rules, principles and
remedies. This move has been largely driven by a need for certainty and
consistency. However, courts must be mindful of the equal need for a legal
system which reflects contemporary societal values and caters to the modern
community. Equity must be grounded by established principles, but, at the same
time, these principles must be applied in a progressive and flexible manner to
do justice in the current context; courts cannot, and must not, mechanically
apply, in the same manner today, equitable principles which were formulated to
provide for circumstances prevalent and putatively relevant centuries ago. It
cannot be overstated how important it is to be aware of the genesis of equity
which was motivated by the compelling need to mitigate the severity caused by,
_inter alia_ , the generality and rigidity of the common law; equity should
not, in the modern context, be applied such that it displays the “very defect
that it was designed to remedy” (see [26] above). Principled pragmatism should
be the key to the court’s approach in the application of equitable principles.
With this general approach in mind, we turn now to consider the presumption of
resulting trust and the presumption of advancement in the present-day context.

**Presumption of resulting trust**

34 Resulting trusts are presumed to arise in two sets of circumstances. These
circumstances were appositely summarised by Lord Browne-Wilkinson in
_Westdeutsche_ at 708 as follows:

Under existing law a resulting trust arises in two sets of circumstances: (A)
where A makes a voluntary payment to B or pays (wholly or in part) for the
purchase of property which is vested either in B alone or in the joint names
of A and B, there is a presumption that A did not intend to make a gift to B:
the money or property is held on trust for A (if he is the sole provider of
the money) or in the case of a joint purchase by A and B in shares
proportionate to their contributions. It is important to stress that this is
only a _presumption_ , which presumption is easily rebutted either by the
counter-presumption of advancement or by direct evidence of A’s intention to
make an outright transfer … (B) Where A transfers property to B _on express
trusts_ , but the trusts declared do not exhaust the whole beneficial interest
… Both types of resulting trust are traditionally regarded as examples of
trusts giving effect to the common intention of the parties. A resulting trust
is not imposed by law against the intentions of the trustee (as is a
constructive trust) but gives effect to his presumed intention. [emphasis in
original]

Resulting trusts of the second type operate to “fill the gap” in the
beneficial ownership of property where an express trust fails. Resulting
trusts of the first type, on the other hand, are commonly termed “presumed
resulting trusts”, and, as is apparent from the passage above, the
_presumption_ of resulting trust only applies to the first set of
circumstances discussed by Lord Browne-Wilkinson. As the present case concerns
the issue of presumptions, no more needs to be said regarding resulting trusts
of the second type.

35 There is an important distinction between the presumption of resulting
trust and the resulting trust itself. The presumption is an inference of a
fact drawn from the existence of other facts, whereas the resulting trust is
the equitable response to those facts, proved or presumed: see Robert
Chambers, _Resulting Trusts_ (Clarendon Press, Oxford, 1997) at p 32. The
difference between them is explained in _Resulting Trusts_ (_ibid_) as
follows:

The facts which give rise to the presumption of resulting trust are (i) a
transfer of property to another, (ii) for which the recipient does not provide
the whole of the consideration. The facts which give rise to the resulting
trust itself are (i) a transfer of property to another, (ii) in circumstances
in which the provider does not intend to benefit the recipient.

Robert Chambers has quite appropriately highlighted two essential points:
first, that the lack of consideration required for the presumption is _not_ a
requirement for the resulting trust; and second, that the lack of intention to
benefit the recipient required for the resulting trust is precisely the fact
being inferred when the presumption is applied. It is thus apparent that a
resulting trust may arise independently of the presumption so long as it can
be shown that the transfer was not intended to benefit the recipient; and, in
a similar vein, a resulting trust may not _necessarily_ arise _even if_ there
was no consideration, if it can be shown that the transfer was _indeed_
intended to benefit the recipient.

36 The presumption of resulting trust is based on a traditional common-sense
presumption that, outside of certain relationships, an owner of property never
intends to make a gift, and, by extension, that a person who provides the
money required to purchase a property intends to obtain an equivalent
equitable interest in the property acquired. Equity, with its superbly
realistic grasp of human motivations, “assumes bargains, and not gifts” (_per_
Spence J (Supreme Court of Canada) in _Goodfriend v Goodfriend_ (1972) 22 DLR
(3d) 699 at 703 quoting in turn from an article by Prof Donovan Waters
entitled “The Doctrine of Resulting Trusts in Common Law Canada” (1970) 16
McGill LJ 187 at 199). In the normal course of events, persons who expend
large sums in the context of a purchase of land “do not harbour particularly
altruistic intentions, but really expect, regardless of the destination of the
legal title purchased, to derive a beneficial return from their investment in
the form of an aliquot share of the equity. [The] [r]esulting trust doctrine
ensures a default position which gives effect to this expectation”: see Kevin
Gray & Susan Francis Gray, _Elements of Land Law_ (Oxford University Press,
4th Ed, 2005) (“Gray & Gray”) at para 10.12. The presumption of resulting
trust is about the intentions of property owners and, as may be distilled by
the analysis in [35] above, it is rebuttable by evidence of a contrary
intention. Lord Upjohn commented in _Vandervell v Inland Revenue
Commissioners_ [1967] 2 AC 291 at 313:

In reality the so-called presumption of a resulting trust is no more than a
long stop to provide the answer when the relevant facts and circumstances fail
to yield a solution.

Indeed, it is also important to bear in mind the illuminating remarks made by
Lindley LJ on the purpose of trusts in _Standing v Bowring_ (1885) 31 Ch D 282
where he dissected the framework of the presumption of resulting trust. He
stated at 289:

Trusts are neither created nor implied by law to defeat the intentions of
donors or settlors; they are created or implied or are held to result in
favour of donors or settlors in order to carry out and give effect to their
true intentions, expressed or implied.

37 It is therefore clear, from this jurisprudential analysis, that the
presumption of resulting trust is an _inference_ or even an _estimate_ as to
what a party’s intention is likely to be, based on certain assumptions arising
from a set of given facts. It stems from a rationalisation of human behaviour
derived, in turn, from common experience and the societal climate.
Accordingly, the instances for the application of the presumption must not
remain stagnant; instead, they must necessarily change with time as behaviour,
lifestyle and attitudes change. Murphy J illuminatingly explained this in
_Calverley v Green_ (1984) 155 CLR 242 at 264 as follows:

Presumptions arise from common experience … If common experience is that when
one fact exists, another fact also exists, the law sensibly operates on the
basis that if the first is proved, the second is presumed. It is a process of
standardized inference. As standards of behaviour alter, so should
presumptions, otherwise the rationale for presumptions is lost, and instead of
assisting the evaluation of evidence, they may detract from it. There is no
justification for maintaining a presumption that if one fact is proved, then
another exists, if common experience is to the contrary.

Deane J had also noted, in the same case, at 270:

The weight to be given to a presumption of a resulting trust in the resolution
of what is essentially an issue of fact may vary in accordance with changing
community attitudes and with the contemporary strength or weakness of the
rationale of the rule embodying the presumption …

38 We agree. Just as all other equitable principles should be developed to
reflect contemporary societal values, so should the presumption of resulting
trust (and the presumption of advancement). In fact, this is all the more so
in the case of presumptions. The very rationale of presumptions is based on a
process of standardised inferences which are inexorably linked to contemporary
community attitudes, expectations, values and ethical norms. As such,
presumptions must remain dynamic in order to remain relevant and functional.
The question is whether, and if so how, the presumption of resulting trust
should be modified and developed to adapt to present-day circumstances. In
answering this question, one must also bear in mind that even within
communities, familial relationships are not grounded on identical bonds or
expectations; we do not live in a homogeneous society. Before we turn to
consider the appropriate application of the presumption of resulting trust in
the modern context, it may be helpful at this juncture to set out briefly its
historical origins.

**_Historical origins_**

39 Prior to the enactment of the Statute of Uses in 1536, feoffments
(historically, a grant of lands as a fee) to the use of the feoffer (one who
granted the feoffment) were often made for the purposes of devising land by
will and avoiding the feudal incidents that might become payable on its
descent to the heir. The joint ownership of several feoffees (ones to whom a
feoffment was granted) to uses, and replacement of those who died, would
ensure that the legal estate never passed by descent at all: see _Resulting
Trusts_ ([35] _supra_) at pp 16–17.

40 The use was described in Austin Wakeman Scott & William Franklin Fratcher,
_The Law of Trusts_ (Little, Brown and Company, 4th Ed, 1989) vol V at §405,
pp 9–10, as follows:

_During the fifteenth century the practice of conveying the legal title to
land with a reservation of the beneficial interest became so common that an
inference arose that when land was conveyed without consideration the
intention of the transferor was that the land should be held for his use._ The
courts accordingly held that a transferee who gave no consideration
presumptively held upon a resulting use for the transferor. This inference
could be rebutted by showing that the use was expressly declared to be in the
transferee or in a third person. [emphasis added]

The equitable presumption of resulting trust was developed on a strict analogy
as a response to the resulting use, a rule of the common law: see _Dyer v
Dyer_ (1788) 2 Cox 92 at 93; 30 ER 42 at 43. The social and legal landscape of
the 15th and 16th centuries as described in the above passage thus formed the
basis for the presumption of resulting trust. It cannot be doubted that
property practices in the present-day 21st century have radically and
irreversibly departed from that historical background. Hope JA wryly commented
in _Dullow v Dullow_ (1985) 3 NSWLR 531 (“ _Dullow_ ”) at 535:

It seems rather ridiculous that troubles in England at the end of the Middle
Ages should be the basis, in the late twentieth century, for making findings
of fact, for that is what the presumption essentially involves.

41 Given the very different circumstances that exist today in Singapore, there
is _a fortiori_ a pressing need for a re-evaluation of the application of the
presumption of resulting trust against the backdrop of modern society to be
undertaken.

**_Presumption of fact or law?_**

42 Before turning to discuss the appropriate manner of application of the
presumption of resulting trust in Singapore today, however, it is important
first to consider whether the presumption should be more appropriately
characterised as one of fact or law.

43 The law recognises, either as a matter of common sense or policy, that in
certain situations, specific assumptions or _presumptions_ need to be made. In
certain situations, these presumptions are conclusive, in which case they are
irrebuttable and must be applied by the court without qualification. In other
circumstances, the court is required to apply the presumption unless it is
disproved. The weakest form of presumption is where there is no legal
compulsion to apply it; it is left to the discretion of the court as to
whether it should operate in the circumstances of the case: see Jeffrey
Pinsler, _Evidence, Advocacy and the Litigation Process_ (LexisNexis, 2nd Ed,
2003) at p 251. These presumptions are respectively characterised as
irrebuttable presumptions of law, rebuttable presumptions of law and
presumptions of fact. The category within which the presumption of resulting
trust falls delineates the preliminary parameters for the court’s application
of that presumption – if it is a presumption of _law_ , the court _must_ apply
the presumption whenever certain specific circumstances are present from the
facts of a case; if it is a presumption of _fact_ , however, the court has the
_discretion_ whether or not to apply the presumption of resulting trust.

44 In Sudipto Sarkar & V R Manohar, _Sarkar’s_ _Law of Evidence_ (Wadhwa and
Company Nagpur, 16th Ed, 2007) (“ _Sarkar_ ”), the authors lucidly explain the
basis for presumptions of fact and law at vol 1, pp 101–102:

**_Presumptions of fact_** or _natural presumptions_ are inferences which are
naturally and logically drawn from the experience and observation of the
course of nature, the constitution of human mind, the springs of human action,
the usages and habits of society. …

…

Presumptions of law or _artificial presumptions_ are inferences or
propositions established by law, – the inferences, which the law peremptorily
requires to be made whenever the facts appear which it assumes as the basis of
that inference. The presumptions of law are in reality rules of law, and part
of the law itself and the court may draw the inference whenever the requisite
facts are developed in pleadings [_etc_]. _Presumptions of law are based, like
presumptions of fact on the uniformity of deduction which experience proves to
be justifiable; they differ in being invested by the law with the quality of a
rule, which directs that they**must** be drawn_; they are not permissive like
natural presumptions which may or may not be drawn …

[emphasis added, emphasis in original in bold italics]

45 As mentioned above at [37], the presumption of resulting trust stems from a
purported understanding of human nature derived, in turn, from common
experience and the societal climate. It appears to be a _natural_ presumption
in that it is an inference “naturally and logically drawn from the experience
and observation of the course of nature” (see [44] above). Indeed, Indian
treatises on the law of evidence have classified “ _benami_ transactions”
(purchases made in the names of others and commonplace in India, which bear a
“curious resemblance” to the transactions triggering the operation of the
presumption of resulting trust: see _Bilas Kunwar v Desraj Ranjit Singh_ AIR
1915 Privy Council 96) as falling under s 114 of the Indian Evidence Act 1872,
the equivalent of s 116 of our Evidence Act (Cap 97, 1997 Rev Ed), which
generally encompasses _presumptions of fact_ : see, for example, vol 2 of
_Sarkar_ at p 1853 and vol III of Sripada Venkata Joga Rao, _Sir John
Woodroffe & Syed Amir Ali’s Law of Evidence_ (LexisNexis Butterworths, 17th
Ed, 2002) (“ _Law of Evidence_ ”) at p 4700. It is our view, however, that
although the presumption of resulting trust was derived from an understanding
of human nature based on experience, much like how the presumption arising in
“ _benami_ transactions” was drawn from common experience in India, the former
presumption, _unlike_ the latter, has been elevated to become a _rule of law_.
It is a _principle of equity_ , which though also based on the “uniformity of
deduction which experience proves to be justifiable”, is additionally imbued
or “invested by the law with the quality of a rule” (see [44] above).

46 As such, we characterise the presumption of resulting trust as a rebuttable
_presumption of law_ which will arise whenever the circumstances set out in
the extract at [34] above are present. We note, however, that though the
presumption of resulting trust must be _applied_ in those circumstances, the
_strength_ of the presumption must vary according to the facts of the case and
the contemporary community attitudes and norms. In fact, given the necessary
nuances that this approach entails, one might even view the presumption of
resulting trust as a mixed presumption of law _and_ of fact.

**_Modern-day application_**

_Abolishing the presumption of resulting trust?_

47 The presumption of resulting trust, in its original unvarnished form, has
been subjected to strident criticism, especially in Australia. The operation
of the presumption is often regarded as archaic and anachronistic, and the
presumption appears to enshrine outdated values. Apart from Hope JA’s
disapproval of the presumption based on its historical origins in _Dullow_
(see [40] above), McHugh J in _Nelson v Nelson_ (1995) 184 CLR 538 (“ _Nelson_
”), a decision of the High Court of Australia, also expressed doubts as to the
utility and viability of the presumption as applied in its traditional form.
He stated at 602:

No doubt in earlier centuries, the practices and modes of thought of the
property owning classes made it more probable than not that, when a person
transferred property [without consideration], the transferor did not intend
the transferee to have the beneficial as well as the legal interest in the
property. But times change. _To my mind – and, I think, to the minds of most
people – it seems much more likely that, in the absence of an express
declaration or special circumstances, the transfer of property without
consideration was intended as a gift to the transferee. That being so, there
is a strong case for examining whether the presumption of a resulting trust
accords with the effect of contemporaneous practices and modes of thought_. …

A presumption is a useful aid to decision making only when it accurately
reflects the probability that a fact or state of affairs exists or has
occurred. … If the presumptions do not reflect common experience today, they
may defeat the expectations of those who are unaware of them.

[emphasis added]

48 Similarly in _Dullow_ , Hope JA adopted the view that a very different
presumption might have been devised today but for the ancient feudal system in
which the presumption of resulting trust had its roots. He opined at 535:

Without this background [the history of the resulting use and resulting
trust], one would have thought that there could have developed principles
which assumed that when land was transferred into the name of a person,
whether with or without consideration, and no matter where the consideration
came from, that person was presumed to hold both legal and beneficial
ownership. This could be disproved and it could be shown that the intention of
the person causing the land to be transferred was to have the beneficial
ownership himself.

49 In _Calverley v Green_ ([37] _supra_), Murphy J reassessed the law on
presumptions of resulting trust and concluded at 264 that the presumptions
were “inappropriate to our times, and are opposed to a rational evaluation of
property cases arising out of personal relationships”. He was of the opinion
that the presumption of resulting trust and, consequently, the presumption of
advancement, should both be discarded. In particular, he was mindful of the
Torrens system of titles in place in Australia and made the following
observations at 265:

In the absence of [the presumptions of resulting trust and advancement], the
legal title reflects the interests of the parties, unless there are
circumstances (not those false presumptions) which displace it in equity.
False presumptions which override the registered title are destructive of an
orderly Torrens title system and should not be tolerated. The Torrens system
permits the protection of interests by the use of caveats, so that the
registered title reflects the true position and prevents the Torrens system
becoming as complex as the old system.

50 These concerns have also recently found expression in an article by an
academic. Asst Prof Kelvin Low (“Low”) in his article, “The Presumption of
Advancement: A Renaissance?” (2007) 123 LQR 347 (“Low’s article”), had
questioned the rationale behind the presumption of resulting trust. He
suggests that courts must explain why equity was suspicious of gifts rather
than merely assert that that was the case, and concludes at 350 that “[a]
particularly strong case must surely be made to justify a presumption out of
step with reality and the expectations of the public”. In addition, he has
quite correctly highlighted the increasing diversity and decreasing
homogeneity of societies and expressed doubts about the suitability of any
blanket presumptions premised upon assumptions based on certain familial
relations. Finally, he postulates that there is now a clear case for the
abolition of the presumption of resulting trust. The logic of this is hard to
fault.

51 Low, nevertheless, recognises that despite its flaws, the presumption of
resulting trust is too firmly entrenched in the law for such a radical
development to take root immediately (Low’s article at 351). Deane J in
_Calverley v Green_ at 266 had expressed broadly similar sentiments and stated
that the presumptions of resulting trust and advancement were too well
entrenched as “land-marks” in the law of property to be simply discarded by
judicial decision. Notwithstanding their critical remarks on the presumptions
of resulting trust and advancement, both Hope JA in _Dullow_ and McHugh J in
_Nelson_ ([47] _supra_) also took the view that the presumptions cannot now be
discarded by judicial decision and any major overhaul of the presumptions is,
all said and done, a matter for the Legislature. We agree.

_A more moderate approach_

52 Instead of radically abolishing the presumption of resulting trust or
“downgrading” the presumption from a rebuttable presumption of law to a
presumption of fact which may be applied in a judge’s discretion (see Low’s
article at 351), we are of the view that a more moderate and nuanced approach
is sufficient, and indeed appropriate, to align the presumption of resulting
trust with modern expectations and practices. The preferred approach concerns
the _strength_ of the presumption which should vary when invoked in different
factual matrices. The presumption of resulting trust is certainly not, in
today’s legal landscape, an immutable rule to be applied blindly and rigidly
in the same manner to _all_ cases; it should be given varying weight depending
upon the particular context. The quality of the evidence required to rebut the
presumption in each case should, in turn, vary with the strength of the
presumption. This approach is well supported by authoritative decisions in
common law.

53 More than a century ago, in _Fowkes v Pascoe_ (1875) 10 Ch App 343, Mellish
LJ pressed for a flexible application of the presumption of resulting trust.
He stated at 352–353:

[T]he presumption must, beyond all question, be of very different weight in
different cases. In some cases it would be very strong indeed. If, for
instance, a man invested a sum of stock in the name of himself and his
solicitor, the inference would be very strong indeed that it was intended
solely for the purpose of a trust, and the Court would require very strong
evidence on the part of the solicitor to prove that it was intended as a gift;
and certainly his own evidence would not be sufficient. On the other hand, a
man may make an investment of stock in the name of himself and some person,
although not a child or wife, yet in such a position to him as to make it
extremely probable that the investment was intended as a gift. In such a case,
although the rule of law, if there was no evidence at all, would compel the
Court to say that the presumption of trust must prevail, even if the Court
might not believe that the fact was in accordance with the presumption, yet,
if there is evidence to rebut the presumption, then, in my opinion, the Court
must go into the actual facts.

This approach was followed very recently by Peter Prescott QC sitting as
Deputy Judge in _Vajpeyi v Yusaf_ [2003] EWHC 2788 (Ch). He determined at [71]
that the evidence necessary to rebut the presumption of resulting trust
depended on the strength of the presumption, and that:

[T]he strength of the presumption depends upon the facts and circumstances
which gave rise to it. _This is because the doctrine of resulting trusts is
supposed to be based on common sense_. [emphasis added]

54 Similarly, in Australia, Deane J took the view that the weight to be given
to a presumption of resulting trust was variable – this variation depended on
the contemporary strength or weakness of the rationale of the rule embodying
the presumption and on community attitudes: see the extract from _Calverley v
Green_ at [37] above. He added at 270:

_The generalization that a presumption of resulting trust “should not give way
to slight circumstances” can no longer properly be accepted as an unqualified
rule._ Indeed, in a case where a presumption of resulting trust or a
“presumption” of advancement applies in circumstances where the relationship
between the parties does not, as a matter of modern experience, provide any
firm rational basis for presuming either an intention to retain the beneficial
interest or an intention to confer it on the other party, the presumption may
be found to be of practical importance only in those cases where the evidence,
including evidence of the actual relationship between the parties, does not
enable the Court to make a positive finding of intention … [emphasis added]

55 Today, it cannot be gainsaid that the strength (or weight) of the
presumption of resulting trust should vary with the context in which it is
invoked, and thus the _application_ of the presumption of resulting trust must
be sufficiently nuanced to adequately address the myriad of modern matrices in
which the presumption might arise. This pragmatic approach affords the courts
considerable flexibility in shaping and applying the presumption of resulting
trust so as to dovetail with the present-day circumstances; in this way, the
presumption can be adjusted to meet the changing conditions of society, and
such a development is legitimate as being “by precedent out of principle” (see
[28] above). Courts should now be prepared to depart from the archaic rigid
applications of the presumption of resulting trust and examine each set of
facts which comes before them against the backdrop of contemporary practice
and attitudes. The application of the presumption in cases concerning certain
similar factual elements may, and should, however, be broadly uniform,
provided that contemporary community and social values have been appropriately
encapsulated; this will ensure the necessary consistency and certainty in the
law of resulting trusts. In adopting this approach, courts must remain alive
to the inextricable connection between the presumption of resulting trust and
the social climate of the day; the nature of a presumption as a process of
“standardized inference” (see [37] above) based on common experience and
legitimate expectations is of foremost importance in this exercise.

**Presumption of advancement**

56 The presumption of advancement is an antidote to the rigid injustice
periodically occasioned by the mechanical application of the presumption of
resulting trust: In limited circumstances where a person voluntarily transfers
property into the name of another, or contributes to its purchase, the law
presumes that a gift was intended and that the transferor or contributor did
not intend to retain any interest in the property concerned. In applying the
presumptions of resulting trust and advancement, the Canadian Supreme Court
has adopted an approach that suggests one presumption would prevail over the
other _right from the outset_ based on the facts of the case: see _Pecore v
Pecore_ (2007) 279 DLR (4th) 513 (“ _Pecore_ ”). This is exemplified, _inter
alia_ , by the emphatic assertions made by Rothstein J at [27] and [55] of
_Pecore_ respectively:

The presumption of resulting trust is the general rule for gratuitous
transfers. However, depending on the nature of the relationship between the
transferor and transferee, _the presumption of a resulting trust will not
arise and there will be a presumption of advancement instead_ …

…

Where a gratuitous transfer is being challenged _, the trial judge must begin
his or her inquiry by determining the proper presumption to apply_ and then
weigh all the evidence relating to the actual intention of the transferor to
determine whether the presumption has been rebutted.

[emphasis added]

57 We must, however, respectfully disagree with the Canadian approach. The
genesis of the presumption of advancement lay in _remedying_ the unjust
operation of the presumption of resulting trust in certain circumstances; its
functionality is limited to, and indeed dependent on, the prior existence of a
presumed resulting trust. The unrebutted presumption of advancement mandates
that the legal title of property reflects the beneficial interests of the
parties involved. As such, the application of the presumption of resulting
trust, which divorces equitable interests from legal interests, must initially
be established before the need for the presumption of advancement even arises.
We are of the view that a two-stage test remains helpful and, indeed,
necessary. The court must first determine if the presumption of resulting
trust arises on the facts; and it is _only_ if a resulting trust is presumed
that the presumption of advancement would apply to displace that initial
presumption. In addition, it should also be noted that the actual _effect_ of
the presumptions of resulting trust and advancement relates to the _burden of
proof_ in the particular case. As Abella J in _Pecore_ astutely noted at [81]:

If the presumption of advancement applies, an individual who transfers
property into another person’s name is presumed to have intended to make a
gift to that person. The burden of proving that the transfer was not intended
to be a gift, is on the challenger to the transfer. If the presumption of
resulting trust applies, the transferor is presumed to have intended to retain
the beneficial ownership. The burden of proving that a gift _was_ intended, is
on the recipient of the transfer. [emphasis in original]

Having set out the above preliminaries, we turn now to consider the
presumption of advancement proper.

58 The presumption of advancement typically arises as a consequence of a pre-
existing relationship between the parties to the transfer or acquisition,
where the transferor or contributor is regarded as morally obliged to provide
for the person benefiting: see Pearce & Stevens ([31] _supra_) at p 253. The
presumption was described by Lord Eldon in _Murless v Franklin_ (1818) 1 Swans
13 at 17; 36 ER 278 at 280 as follows:

The general rule that on a purchase by one man in the name of another, the
nominee is a trustee for the purchaser, is subject to exception where the
purchaser is under a species of natural obligation to provide for the nominee.

59 Just like the presumption of resulting trust, the presumption of
advancement is “no more than a long stop to provide the answer when the
relevant facts and circumstances fail to yield a solution” (see [36] above).
It should be treated as “an evidential instrument of last resort where there
is no direct evidence as to the intention of the parties rather than as an
oft-applied rule of thumb”: see _Teo Siew Har v Lee Kuan Yew_ [1999] 4 SLR 560
(“ _Teo Siew Har_ ”) at [29]. Indeed, in _Neo Tai Kim v Foe Stie Wah_ [1985] 1
MLJ 397 (“ _Neo Tai Kim_ ”), the Privy Council accepted that where the trial
judge had found as a fact that there was a common intention that the property
in question should be bought for the wife as the matrimonial home, the common
intention _by itself_ established the beneficial ownership and _precluded the
operation of any presumption_. It is therefore apparent that the presumption
of advancement will operate only where there is no direct evidence that may
reveal the intention of the parties; only then will there be any necessity to
_infer_ or _presume_ intention.

60 Relationships which attract the presumption of advancement have
traditionally included transfers from husband to wife, and from father to
child. These categories of relationships have, however, been established in a
markedly different social context from the present. It goes without saying
that the application of the presumption of advancement, just like the
presumption of resulting trust, should be assessed in accordance with
contemporary norms. Indeed, the two traditional categories of relationships
have each already been remoulded and refined in different jurisdictions as
social realities and practices have changed over time. Nevertheless, further
extension and extrapolation may be appropriate, and indeed required, to cater
to the myriad matrices that prevail in today’s society. As Deane J sagely
noted in _Calverley v Green_ ([37] _supra_) at 268, the categories of
relationships to which the presumption of advancement applies are not “finally
settled or closed”. He was of the view (_ibid_) that:

It is arguable that [the categories of relationships] should be adjusted to
reflect modern concepts of the equality in status and obligations of a wife
vis-à-vis a husband … and of a mother vis-à-vis a father … _Any adjustment of
those relationships must however, be made by reference to logical necessity
and analogy and not by reference to idiosyncratic notions of what is fair and
appropriate_. [emphasis added]

This passage has been adopted and endorsed by our local High Court in
_Damayanti Kantilal Doshi v Shobhana J Doshi_ [1998] 1 SLR 530 at [26]. We
agree. There can be no doubt that the approach of principled pragmatism should
also be adopted in the courts’ modern application of the presumption of
advancement.

61 That the presumption of advancement must be applied in tandem with the
contemporary societal climate is also exemplified by the outright rejection of
the presumption in India. It is well-settled law that there is no presumption
of advancement in Indian laws: see vol III of _Law of Evidence_ ([45] _supra_)
at p 3656 and vol 2 of _Sarkar_ ([44] _supra_) at p 1853. This is due to the
widespread and persistent practice of making “ _benami_ ” transfers (see [45]
above for a brief explanation of these transactions) for no obvious reason or
apparent purpose. This palpably illustrates that the application of the
presumption of advancement must be considered against the backdrop of the
particular community; there should not be a blind adherence or slavish
application of the presumption simply to dovetail with the English approach.
The rejection of the presumption of advancement in India reflects a
recognition that the logical and apt operation of the presumption in England
does not translate to an equally appropriate operation in India, which has a
vastly different culture and popular mindset. In the case of Singapore, the
differences between our local climate and the English system are not as stark
and the presumption of advancement still accords with the community’s
contemporary societal norms and expectations in particular situations.
Nevertheless, there will inevitably be certain inherent divergences in the
attitudes and norms of any two countries, especially where one is oriental and
the other, occidental; in fact, these divergences would also exist even
amongst different communities within a society. As such, it is vital that the
application of the presumption of advancement be nuanced in accordance with
the particular context.

**_Parent-child relationships_**

62 We turn, first, to consider briefly the parent-child relationships which
give rise to the presumption of advancement. Traditionally, there was a strong
presumption of advancement between a father and his child. In _In re Roberts,
deceased_ [1946] Ch 1, Evershed J held at 5:

It is well-established that a father making payments on behalf of a son prima
facie, and in the absence of contrary evidence, is to be taken to be making
and intending an advance in favour of the son and for his benefit.

This application of the presumption of advancement was subsequently
extrapolated to include the relationship between a child and a person standing
_in loco parentis_. Jessel MR explained the rationale for this extension of
the presumption in _Bennet v Bennet_ (1879) 10 Ch D 474 (“ _Bennet_ ”) at 477
as follows:

[A]s regards a child, a person not the father of the child may put himself in
the position of one _in loco parentis_ to the child, and so incur the
obligation to make a provision for the child.

63 Given that the presumption of advancement arises in the case of a child
_vis-à-vis_ his or her father, or a person standing _in loco parentis_ , the
courts’ long-standing rejection of the presumption in the case of a child
_vis-à-vis_ his or her _mother_ appears to be a curious anomaly especially
when viewed in the present social context. The reason for this differentiation
between a mother and a father or even a mother and a person standing _in_
_loco parentis_ was set out by Jessel MR in _Bennet_ at 478:

[I]n our law there is no moral legal obligation … no obligation according to
the rules of equity… on a mother to provide for her child: there is no such
obligation as a Court of Equity recognises as such.

Such reasoning embodies archaic patriarchal concepts of the family. In the
modern social context, mothers must almost invariably share the responsibility
to provide for their children: see Pearce & Stevens ([31] _supra_) at p 255;
see also s 68 of the Women’s Charter (Cap 353, 1997 Rev Ed) which provides
that it shall be the duty of every _parent_ to maintain or contribute to the
maintenance of his or _her_ children. Indeed, the logic behind this reasoning
had raised doubts even as early as in the late 19th century. In _Sayre v
Hughes_ (1868) LR 5 Eq 376, Sir John Stuart VC astutely observed at 381:

It has been argued that a mother is not a person bound to make an advancement
to her child, and that a widowed mother is not a person standing in such a
relation to her child as to raise a presumption that in a transaction of this
kind a benefit was intended for the child. _But the case of a stranger who
stands_ in loco parentis _seems not so strong as that of a mother._ In the
case of _Re De Visme_ it was said that a mother does not stand in such a
relationship to a child as to raise a presumption of benefit for the child.
The question in that case arose on a petition in lunacy, and it seems to have
been taken for granted that no presumption of benefit arises in the case of a
mother. _But maternal affection, as a motive of bounty, is, perhaps, the
strongest of all, although the duty is not so strong as in the case of a
father, inasmuch as it is the duty of a father to advance his child_.
[emphasis added]

64 Despite the obvious logical flaws in the rejection of the presumption of
advancement in the case of a mother and her child, the English courts appeared
to have continued in this approach for a long period. In the relatively recent
late 20th century case of _Sekhon v Alissa_ [1989] 2 FLR 94, Hoffmann J had
applied the presumption of _resulting trust_ , instead of advancement, when
dealing with a case where both a mother and her daughter had contributed to
the purchase of the property conveyed into the daughter’s sole name. The
mother was eventually held to have some interest in the property to the extent
of the amount of her contribution, as there was insufficient evidence to rebut
the presumption of resulting trust. This traditional distinction between a
mother and a father for the purposes of applying the presumption of
advancement has been quite correctly trenchantly criticised by academics as
being “hopelessly out of touch with the egalitarian nature of contemporary
society” (see Gray & Gray ([36] _supra_) at para 10.30). English courts have
attempted to get around the conventional gender bias of the presumption of
advancement by requiring very little evidence to prove a mother’s donative
intent to her child, for example, Jessel MR had noted in _Bennet_ that there
was “very little additional motive required to induce a mother to make a gift
to her child” (at 480). More recently, however, it may be distilled from some
cases a tentative inclination, on the part of the English courts, to depart
from the artificial and historical distinction between a paternal and a
maternal relationship. In _In re Cameron, decd_ [1999] Ch 386, Lindsay J
opined at [52] that in the light of the difference between Victorian and
modern attitudes to the ownership and ability to dispose of property, _both_
parents (instead of just the father) should nowadays be taken to be _in loco
parentis_ unless the contrary was proved. Although that case was concerned
with whether a gift was a “portion” made in order to establish a child in life
or make substantial provision for him, Lindsay J’s remarks probably reflect
the modern trend in English judicial attitudes towards the relationship
between a mother and her child, and herald a plausible avenue by which the
presumption of advancement should be developed so that it has application to a
mother-child relationship. Indeed, at least one academic has opined that
Lindsay J’s views should now also be taken as applicable to the presumption of
advancement generally: see Philip H Pettit, _Equity and the Law of Trusts_
(Butterworths, 9th Ed, 2001) at p 172.

65 In Australia, the courts appear less reticent in advocating the modern
application of the presumption of advancement equally in both father-child and
mother-child relationships. In _Dullow_ ([40] _supra_), Hope JA found it
unnecessary in the circumstances to consider what the correct principle was in
relation to any presumption of advancement when a mother placed property in
the name of a child. However, he did remark in _obiter_ at 541 that:

[A]s at present advised, I think that if the law is to be left constrained by
presumptions, the same presumption should apply to gifts to children by both
mother and father.

Similarly, in _Brown v Brown_ (1993) 31 NSWLR 582 at 591, Gleeson CJ was of
the view that, in modern times, the drawing of any rigid distinction between
parents “may be accepted to be inappropriate”. Kirby P, in the same case at
599, supported the principle that the presumption of advancement, if it is
still to be applied today, “must be applied equally to gifts by mothers … as
by fathers”.

66 Finally, in 1995, it was held by the High Court of Australia that a
presumption of advancement should indeed operate between a mother and her
child: see _Nelson_ ([47] _supra_). Although in that case the presumption of
advancement was found to be rebutted by the evidence of the mother’s intention
to hold the beneficial interest herself, that should not detract from the fact
that the Australian courts have definitively and conclusively departed from
the traditional limits on the application of the presumption of advancement.
In approving the Supreme Court of New South Wales’ extension of the
presumption of advancement, Dawson J opined at 576 that there was no longer
any justification for maintaining the distinction between a father and a
mother in the application of the presumption of advancement. McHugh J adopted
a similar stance on this issue and explained this at 601 in the following
terms:

While the presumption of advancement continues to apply to transfers of
property between father and child, consistency of doctrine requires that the
presumption should also apply to transfers of property by a mother to her
child. If the presumption of advancement arises, as Sir George Jessel thought,
from the obligation of a father to provide for his child, the mother as well
as the father now has a legal obligation to support their child. But
independently of any legal obligation of a mother, it would not accord with
the reality of society today for the law to presume that only a father has a
moral obligation to support or is in a position to advance the interests of a
child of the marriage.

67 It is, therefore, clear that there have been a number of recent
developments to the presumption of advancement, by an extrapolation of the
father-child relationship, which traditionally attracts the operation of the
presumption. Indeed, it has been emphatically acknowledged that “to treat the
established categories [of relationships giving rise to the presumption of
advancement] as frozen in time … would not be characteristic of the doctrines
of equity” (_per_ Gibbs CJ in _Calverley v Green_ ([37] _supra_) at 250). An
extension and/or modification of the traditional categories to accord with
modern views would, to our minds, allow for the flexibility and dynamism that
is especially necessary in the application of historical equitable doctrines
while maintaining a sufficient nexus to fundamental doctrine. Further, just as
how the presumption of resulting trust may vary in strength according to the
factual circumstances in each case, we are of the view that the presumption of
advancement may similarly vary.

68 One possible factor within the parent-child category which could affect the
weight of the presumption of advancement may be the number of children the
parent (or person standing _in loco parentis_) has; _ceteris paribus_ , the
greater the number of children one has, the less likely that a transfer of
property of substantial value to a single child without similar provision for
the other children would be intended as a pure gift to that child. Of course,
the presumption of advancement should still operate in such a case, but it is
likely that less weighty evidence would be required to rebut the presumption
of a gift as compared to a case where the recipient child was the only child
of the transferor parent. All the circumstances of the case must be
considered. For example, if a transfer were made by a parent to the only child
of majority age in a family of several children, the presumption of
advancement may have only slight relevance. At this point, it should briefly
be mentioned that, despite the majority view in _Pecore_ ([56] _supra_) that
the presumption of advancement in parent-child relationships should not apply
to independent adult children, we do not see any reason to confine the
application of the presumption in the same manner. Indeed, we are more
inclined to the view of Abella J in _Pecore_ , which regarded the presumption
of advancement as emerging no less from affection than from dependency and
thus would logically apply to all gratuitous transfers from parents to _any_
of their children, regardless of the age of the child or dependency of the
child on the parent (see [90]–[103] of _Pecore_). The present case is,
however, unconcerned with the parent-child relationship; thus, there is no
necessity for us to make any firm pronouncements in relation to this category
of relationships, or to dwell on this issue any further.

**_Spousal relationships_**

69 The spousal relationship between Yeo and the appellant lies at the heart of
the present appeal; as such, it is important to turn now to this category of
relationships which attracts the operation of the presumption of advancement.

70 As mentioned, the presumption of advancement typically arises between a
husband and his wife. The principle was stated by Malins VC in _In re Eykyn’s
Trusts_ (1877) 6 Ch D 115 at 118 as follows:

The law of this Court is perfectly settled that when a husband transfers money
or other property into the name of his wife only, then the presumption is,
that it is intended as a gift or advancement to the wife absolutely at once,
subject to such marital control as he may exercise. And if a husband invests
money, stocks, or otherwise, in the names of himself and his wife, then also
it is an advancement for the benefit of the wife absolutely if she survives
her husband …

The husband-wife relationship which attracts the presumption of advancement
has been subsequently extended to include a situation where the transferor or
contributor husband is _engaged_ to be married to the beneficiary wife and
they do not subsequently break their engagement to marry each other.

71 In _Moate v Moate_ [1948] 2 All ER 486 (“ _Moate_ ”), Jenkins J explained
the compelling logic of this extension at 487 as follows:

I can see no practical distinction … between a transfer by an intending
husband to an intending wife and a transfer as between a husband and a wife.
The reason for presuming advancement is stronger where the gift is made in
contemplation of the marriage before it is actually solemnised than it is
where the transaction is post-nuptial. It seems to me the presumption would
be, in the former case, that the intending husband is making a gift to the
lady in consideration of the marriage, a gift by way of wedding present which
he intends to take effect in her favour beneficially provided the marriage is
duly solemnised. I, therefore, hold that the presumption in this case is that
the husband intended this to be a provision by way of gift to his wife
provided the marriage was duly solemnised.

The High Court of Australia has similarly held in _Wirth v Wirth_ (1956) 98
CLR 228 (“ _Wirth_ ”) that a transfer of property by a prospective husband to
his intended wife made in contemplation of the marriage for which they had
contracted raises a presumption of advancement just as a similar transfer made
after the celebration of the marriage raises the same presumption. In coming
to this conclusion, Dixon CJ remarked at 238:

To say that a transfer of property to an intended wife made in contemplation
of the marriage raised a presumption of a resulting trust but a similar
transfer made immediately after the celebration of the marriage raised a
presumption of advancement involves almost a paradoxical distinction that does
not accord with reason and can find a justification only on the ground that
the doctrine depends in categories closed for historical reasons. That is not
characteristic of doctrines of equity.

72 It appears, therefore, that the courts are willing to modify and extend the
established categories of relationships to which the presumption of
advancement applies, to accommodate the contemporary social climate and the
particular circumstances in the cases which come before the court; a steadfast
and rigid adherence to the historical application of the presumption has been
rightly rejected. In fact, the Australian courts have also expressed at least
_some_ inclination to extend the application of the presumption of advancement
even to “de facto relationships” in the light of the progressive prevalence
and openness of such relationships in recent times.

73 The conventional position is that there is no presumption of advancement
between cohabiting couples (whether sexual or homosexual), nor between a man
and his mistress: see, for example, _Rider v Kidder_ (1805) 10 Ves 360; 32 ER
884, _Soar v Foster_ (1858) 4 K & J 152; 70 ER 64, _Allen v Snyder_ ([29]
_supra_) and _Diwell v Farnes_ [1959] 1 WLR 624. In _Calverley v Green_ ([37]
_supra_), however, although the majority rejected the application of the
presumption of advancement to a relationship “devoid of the legal
characteristic which warrants a special rule affecting the beneficial
ownership of property by the parties to a marriage” (_per_ Mason and Brennan
JJ at 260), Gibbs CJ adopted quite a different line of argument. He observed
at 250–251:

The question is whether the relationship which exists between two persons
living in a de facto relationship makes it more probable than not that a gift
was intended when property was purchased by one in the name of the other. The
answer that will be given to that question will not necessarily be the same as
that which would be given if the question were asked concerning a man and his
mistress who were not living in such a relationship. The relationship in
question is one which has proved itself to have an apparent permanence, and in
which the parties live together, and represent themselves to others, as man
and wife. … _Once one rejects the test applied in_ Soar v. Foster _as too
narrow, and rejects any notion of moral disapproval, such as is suggested in_
Rider v. Kidder _, as inappropriate to the resolution of disputes as to
property in the twentieth century, it seems natural to conclude that a man who
puts property in the name of a woman with whom he is living in a de facto
relationship does so because he intends her to have a beneficial interest, and
that a presumption of advancement is raised._ [emphasis added]

74 It is obvious that Gibbs CJ’s remarks were driven, at least in part, by his
pragmatism in acknowledging the changing conditions of society and a desire to
desist from the historical reasons for confining the presumption of
advancement to cases of _legal_ spouses. Though his remains the lone voice
advocating for such a change, academics have acknowledged that it is
_arguable_ that changing social attitudes to _de facto_ relationships,
especially where they are recognised legislatively, should be reflected by the
courts in the application of the presumption of advancement: see G E Dal Pont
& D R C Chalmers, _Equity and Trusts in Australia and New Zealand_ (LBC
Information Services, 2nd Ed, 2000) at p 591. However, given that legislative
recognition and public consensus about the status of _de facto_ relationships
have yet to emerge locally, any development along the lines envisaged by Gibbs
CJ may be, in our view, presently unwarranted. The point to be highlighted
here is simply that equitable principles such as the presumption of
advancement should constantly be re-examined and adjusted in the light of
contemporary reality and this approach has quite correctly and undoubtedly
been adopted by foreign courts, albeit in varying degrees.

75 In order to ensure that the presumption of advancement dovetails with
modern norms and expectations, courts have also increasingly regarded the
presumption to be of varying strength in spousal relationships characterised
by different dynamics. In _Pettitt v Pettitt_ [1970] AC 777 (“ _Pettitt_ ”),
Lord Reid, with his customary acuity, observed that the strength of the
presumption of advancement, when applied to spousal relationships, should
_generally_ be considered as having diminished significance. He stated at 793:

I do not know how this presumption first arose, but it would seem that the
judges who first gave effect to it must have thought either that husbands so
commonly intended to make gifts in the circumstances in which the presumption
arises that it was proper to assume this where there was no evidence, or that
wives’ economic dependence on their husbands made it necessary as a matter of
public policy to give them this advantage. I can see no other reasonable basis
for the presumption. These considerations have largely lost their force under
present conditions, and, unless the law has lost all flexibility so that the
courts can no longer adapt it to changing conditions, the strength of the
presumption must have been much diminished.

In the same case, Lord Upjohn acknowledged at 813 that the presumptions of
resulting trust and advancement “have been criticised as being out of touch
with the realities of today”, but he nevertheless remained optimistic that
“when properly understood and properly applied to the circumstances of today”,
the presumptions “remain as useful as ever in solving questions of title”.
Nevertheless, he appeared to have regarded the ready rebuttal of the
presumptions by “comparatively slight evidence” as the proper application of
these presumptions then (at 814).

76 Locally, the Court of Appeal recently considered the presumption of
advancement in some detail in _Low Gim Siah v Low Geok Khim_ [2007] 1 SLR 795
(“ _Low Gim Siah_ ”). Chan Sek Keong CJ, in delivering the judgment of the
court, accepted that the presumption of advancement was generally of varying
strength in different circumstances; he opined at [33] that:

[T]he amount of evidence required to rebut the presumption would depend on the
strength of the presumption, _ie_ , how readily the court would be prepared to
make the presumption.

Chan CJ further pronounced on the application of the presumption in certain
spousal relationships at [43]–[44] as follows:

In our view, it is correct to say that the cases where the presumption of
advancement was held to have lost its robustness or diminished in importance
were cases concerning joint contributions by married couples in acquiring the
matrimonial home or properties acquired using joint savings. They were not
concerned with the traditional and well-established categories of father-and-
child and husband-and-wife relationships where one party is under a moral or
equitable obligation to support the other party.

… The presumption of advancement has been applied in England in such
relationships for over two centuries and justified on the basis of a _moral or
equitable obligation_ on the part of one to care for the other. Such moral
obligations do not change even if social conditions change. Hence, we find it
difficult to accept an argument that in modern Singapore, fathers and husbands
have somehow changed their paternal or marital obligations so radically that
the presumption is no longer applicable or should not be applied. There is no
doubt that many married women in Singapore are financially independent of
their husbands. But there are also many of them who are not or who choose to
be housewives in order to look after their husbands, their children and their
homes. … In our view, in the case of such relationships, there is no reason to
treat the presumption of advancement as having lost its robustness or
diminished in its vigour, and there is no reason why it should not be applied
to resolve questions of title in the absence of any evidence indicating
otherwise.

[emphasis in original]

77 We maintain the view expressed in _Low Gim Siah_. The presumption of
advancement is still very relevant today in the established (both traditional
and extended) categories of relationships; it is the strength of the
presumption that should vary with the circumstances in accordance with modern
social conditions. Thus, on this point, we must respectfully depart from the
learned trial judge’s bare assertion that the Singapore courts had moved away
from the presumption of advancement and that the presumption was no longer
applicable in modern times unless there was evidence to support it (see [16]
above). In fact, we find that the strength of the presumption of advancement,
whether in cases concerning spouses or otherwise, should not even be
_generally_ diminished as appeared to be suggested in _Pettitt_. Instead, it
should only be where the present realities are such that the putative
intention inherent in the presumption of advancement is not readily inferable
from the circumstances of the case, that the presumption would be a weak one
easily rebuttable by any slight contrary evidence.

78 The overall aim of the presumption of advancement is to discern the
intention of the transferor. As Gibbs CJ remarked in _Calverley v Green_ ([37]
_supra_) at 250:

The presumption should be held to be raised _when the relationship between the
parties is such that it is more probable than not that a beneficial interest
was intended to be conferred_ , whether or not the purchaser owed the other a
legal or moral duty of support. [emphasis added]

The nuanced, fact-sensitive approach advocated in _Low Gim Siah_ is therefore
preferred; _all_ the circumstances of the case should be taken into account by
the court when assessing how strongly the presumption of advancement should be
applied in the particular case. The financial dependence of the recipient on
the transferor or contributor, mentioned in _Low Gim Siah_ , is but one factor
which may affect the strength of the presumption of advancement. In our
judgment, two key elements are crucial in determining the strength of the
presumption of advancement in any given case: _first_ , the _nature_ of the
relationship between the parties (for example, the obligation (legal, moral or
otherwise) that one party has towards another or the dependency between the
parties); and _second_ , the _state_ of the relationship (for example, whether
the relationship is a close and caring one or one of formal convenience). The
court should consider whether, in the entirety of the circumstances, it is
readily presumed that the transferor or contributor intended to make a gift to
the recipient and, if so, whether the evidence is sufficient to rebut the
presumption, given the appropriate strength of the presumption in that case.

_Relevance of the Women’s Charter_

79 Finally, it is appropriate to consider briefly the relevance of the Women’s
Charter in relation to the presumption of advancement as applied between
spouses.

80 Sections 51 and 52 of the Women’s Charter, taken with s 112 of the same
legislation, have resulted in a “deferred community of property” approach in
the determination of the property rights of spouses. The former two sections
have the effect of rendering the fact, that a woman is married, irrelevant to
her proprietary interests; her entitlement to proprietary interests depends on
the same rules as the entitlement of an unmarried woman or man. The latter
section, on the other hand, has empowered the courts with a broad discretion
to divide “matrimonial assets” between spouses during or after matrimonial
proceedings to terminate their marriage; it is based on the principle of
“community of property”, under which both spouses have a joint interest in
certain property, regardless of which spouse purchased or otherwise acquired
it: see Leong Wai Kum, _Principles of Family Law in Singapore_ (Butterworths
Asia, 1997) at pp 799–800.

81 Therefore, the “community of property” approach to the property rights of
spouses only operates where there are matrimonial proceedings terminating a
marriage. When the marriage subsists, property law, including the law of
resulting trusts, applies, _without modification_ , to determine the
respective proprietary rights of spouses. The application of the ordinary
rules of law and equity relating to real and personal property are discussed
by Anthony Dickey QC in _Family Law_ (LBC Information Services, 3rd Ed, 1997).
He noted at p 587 that “there are no special rules concerning the normal
interests of spouses in property” and continued:

It is true that a presumption of advancement – that is, of a gift – arises
upon the transfer of property to a wife either by or at the direction of her
husband where the wife is not a purchaser of the property. This presumption
supersedes the presumption of a resulting trust which otherwise operates upon
a transfer of property to a person who is not a purchaser of it. _However, the
presumption of advancement is not confined to spouses but generally speaking
extends to all relationships which have traditionally involved an obligation
by one party to provide for the other. Its rationale, like that of a resulting
trust, is the presumed intention of the parties in particular circumstances_.

It is also true that different legal significance can be attributed to acts
between spouses than would otherwise be attributed to similar acts between
strangers. _This, however, concerns simply a difference in the likely
intention of the parties or the reason for their actions. The substantive
rules of property law remain the same_.

[emphasis added]

We agree. The presumption of advancement is not, and should not be, affected
by considerations relating to the division of matrimonial property such as
that embodied in s 112 of the Women’s Charter. It is an inquiry as to the
intentions of parties which would be, from common experience, presumably
different when particular relationships, for instance, the spousal
relationship, exist between the parties.

82 Indeed, the “community of property” principle (on which s 112 of the
Women’s Charter is based) which places particular emphasis on fairness to the
homemaker spouse and the equality of spouses which, in turn, find expression
in the interests of each party to a marriage in their property holdings, comes
into play _only_ when there exists matrimonial proceedings resulting in a
terminated marriage. It is our view that even where a marriage is “terminated”
by the demise of one spouse, the “separation of property” principle, which
applies to spouses during the subsistence of their marriage, should continue
to apply and the parties’ respective property rights should continue to be
governed by the usual rules of property law, including the law of resulting
trusts, unmodified by considerations involving the division of matrimonial
assets. This is subject, of course, to the regulation of the succession regime
where applicable: for instance, s 7 of the Intestate Succession Act (Cap 146,
1985 Rev Ed) dictates that where a deceased dies intestate, his or her
surviving spouse will receive at least half of his or her estate; and s 3 of
the Inheritance (Family Provision) Act (Cap 138, 1985 Rev Ed) provides that
where a testator had failed to make reasonable provision for the maintenance
of his or her surviving spouse, the court may, upon application by or on
behalf of the surviving spouse, order that reasonable provision be made out of
the testator’s net estate for the maintenance of the surviving spouse. Thus,
to our minds, the need for a just determination of spousal property rights on
one spouse’s demise, given the view that marriage is an equal partnership, is
sufficiently addressed by the succession regime; there is no necessity, or
indeed any basis, to adjust or apply the presumption of advancement in line
with s 112 of the Women’s Charter.

**Joint tenancies**

83 We turn now to consider the presumption of resulting trust (and
correspondingly, the presumption of advancement) in relation to properties
held on joint tenancies. It is trite law that joint tenancies are generally
abhorred by equity and unless there is an express declaration or any other
intention shown to the contrary, or unless the parties have contributed to the
purchase money in equal shares, legal joint tenants of a property will be
presumed to hold that property as beneficial tenants in common of shares
proportionate to their contribution to the acquisition of that property: see
for example, _Pettitt_ ([75] _supra_); _Bernard v Josephs_ [1982] Ch 391; and
_Springette v Defoe_ [1992] 2 FLR 388. This proposition is explained in
_Halsbury’s Laws of Singapore_ vol 9(2) (LexisNexis, 2003) at para 110.026 as
follows:

In a specialised instance, the maxim that equality is equity finds expression
in the abhorrence of a joint tenancy or correspondingly, the preference for a
tenancy in common as a form of common ownership of property. The right of
survivorship which is an incident of a joint tenancy has the effect of
divesting a deceased joint tenant of his unsevered interest and giving the
survivor the entirety of the estate, producing a disproportionate effect. The
preference for a tenancy in common means that in equity, the court construing
the intentions of the parties leans towards holding that they are tenants in
common in proportion to their contributions to the purchase price. The parties
will only be held to be joint tenants when they purchase in equal shares and
no contrary intention is shown that they were to be otherwise than joint
tenants.

It is, therefore, clear that the presumption of resulting trust (and,
consequently, the presumption of advancement) features prominently as a means
by which equity intervenes in a legal joint tenancy. In a variety of
circumstances, legal _joint tenants_ are presumed to hold the property in
question on trust for themselves as _tenants in common_ in accordance with
their respective contributions to the purchase price of the said property.
This may be primarily explained by the contrast between the common law
presumption of joint tenancy and equity’s inclination towards a tenancy in
common.

84 There has traditionally been a common law presumption of joint tenancy
engendered, _inter alia_ , by the following reasons: (a) the enforcement of
feudal services by feudal lords was likely to be simpler and more effective
because the right of survivorship made it more likely that the land would vest
in one tenant from whom feudal dues could be exacted; (b) the investigation of
title by purchasers was easier because joint tenants held a single title
whereas each tenant in common had a separate title; and (c) if a joint tenant
died there remained only one title whereas if a tenant in common died, his
share might be left to a number of persons thereby proliferating the number of
titles to be searched before the land could be sold as a whole (see Adrian J
Bradbrook, Susan V MacCallum & Anthony P Moore, _Australian Real Property Law_
(LBC Information Services, 2nd Ed, 1997) at para 10.17).

85 Equity, in contrast to common law, has preferred a tenancy in common to a
joint tenancy as the medium of co-ownership. Tenancy in common represents
certainty and fairness in the property relations of co-owners; each tenant in
common holds a fixed beneficial interest immune from the caprice of
survivorship. Thus, whereas the law has leaned in favour of joint tenancy
largely for reasons of convenience, equity has always inclined towards tenancy
in common for reasons of fairness. Although, in some extremely general sense,
it is true that “equity follows the law” and, therefore, equity’s starting
assumption is that joint tenants of the legal estate likewise hold the
equitable estate as joint tenants, this assumption is readily displaced by any
of a number of contra-indications that, regardless of the legal joint tenancy,
equitable ownership was intended to take the form of a tenancy in common (see
Gray & Gray ([36] _supra_) at paras 11.55–11.57). These contra-indications
include cases of unequal contributions to purchase price and purchasers who
are commercial partners or business tenants.

86 Legislation supersedes the common law presumption of joint tenancy in many
jurisdictions and the manner of co-ownership of real property at law has
generally become statutorily regulated. In England, the provisions of the Law
of Property Act 1925 (c 20) (UK) (“the 1925 Act”) _extend_ the common law
presumption to its logical conclusion by providing that co-ownership may
_never_ take the form of a tenancy in common, and by ensuring that all co-
ownership in distinct shares is inevitably swept into equity. The mandatory
stipulation that co-owners must hold land as joint tenants is contained in s
34(2) of the 1925 Act, which states:

Where, after the commencement of this Act, land is expressed to be conveyed to
any person in undivided shares and those persons are of full age, the
conveyance _shall_ (notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Act)
operate as if the land had been expressed to be conveyed to the grantees, or,
if there are more than four grantees, to the four first named in the
conveyance, as _joint tenants_ upon the statutory trusts hereinafter mentioned
and so as to give effect to the rights of the persons who would have been
entitled to the shares had the conveyance operated to create those shares …
[emphasis added]

The cumulative effect of the 1925 Act has been “to facilitate the purchaser of
the legal estate, who no longer faces the risk of investigating a fragmented
title”, and his task is “further eased by the fact that the maximum number of
persons who may be joint tenants of one and the same legal estate in land is
now generally restricted to four” (see Gray & Gray at para 11.21). The rigours
of this statutory mandate are mitigated by the intervention of equity, which
allows for more than four equitable co-owners of land and readily presumes
beneficial tenancies in common in appropriate cases.

87 The mandatory stipulation found in the English property legislation is
absent locally. However, there appears to be a _statutory presumption_ , much
like the traditional presumption at common law, that co-owners hold land as
joint tenants, _unless the contrary is indicated_. The relevant provision in
the Land Titles Act (Cap 157, 2004 Rev Ed) (“LTA”) is s 53(1) and states as
follows:

_In every instrument affecting registered land, co-tenants claiming under the
instrument shall, unless they are described as tenants-in-common, hold the
land as joint tenants_ ; and if they are described as tenants-in-common, the
shares in the registered land to be held by them shall, subject to subsection
(2), be specified in the instrument. [emphasis added]

Hence, it appears that in Singapore, in so far as registered land is in issue,
co-owners are presumed to hold land as joint tenants; it is only where the co-
owners are described as tenants in common that this default position or
presumption is displaced. As such, just as equity inclines towards a tenancy
in common when faced with the common law presumption of joint tenancy, equity
may similarly intervene in the statutory presumption of joint tenancy in
Singapore to deem, as beneficial tenants in common, co-owners holding local
registered land as joint tenants at law.

88 This was not always the case in Singapore. Section 53(1) of the LTA was
introduced by the Land Titles Act (Act 27 of 1993). In the repealed Land
Titles Act (Cap 157, 1985 Rev Ed), the only provision which dealt with the
manner of holding in the co-ownership of property was s 48(1), which stated:

Instruments affecting registered land _shall_ disclose the full name, the
address and the occupation or conjugal status of each person claiming
thereunder, and, in the case of co-tenants, the manner in which they intend to
hold. [emphasis added]

The draftsman of Singapore’s Torrens registration scheme, John Baalman, had
commented on this provision in _The Singapore Torrens System_ (The Government
of the State of Singapore, 1961) at p 110. He regarded the requirement, that
co-tenants state the manner in which they intend to hold the land in question,
as _mandatory_ and indicated that the land registrar ought to refuse
registration of any instrument which failed to comply with this. He added
(_ibid_):

Any construction of a co-tenancy which rests on presumption – whether it be
the common law presumption of a joint tenancy, or the equitable presumption of
a tenancy in common – _or any statutory presumption which draws conclusions
from the character of the parties or the nature of their estates or interests_
, is confusing. Insistence on the parties expressly describing their interests
will avoid that confusion. [emphasis added]

89 Pursuant to s 48(1), as originally enacted, it appears, therefore, that the
equitable presumption of a tenancy in common might have been displaced and
rendered unnecessary, since the parties would have been mandated to consider
and decide on a manner of holding. There would have been no need for
presumptions of any sort, since the parties’ legal manner of holding would not
be a mere result of convenience and there would be no need to introduce, and
no room to accommodate, broad notions of general “fairness” as strived for by
equity. Presumptions are ultimately default judicial guidelines which are
called into play _only_ when parties’ intentions are uncertain; where parties’
intentions on the manner of holding are clearly reflected in a legal
instrument, as envisaged by the original s 48(1), these intentions ought to be
given effect to, both legally and beneficially.

90 However, the original s 48(1) has been amended and re-enacted as s 53(1) of
the LTA. Regrettably, this change has not been clarified either during the
parliamentary debates or in the reports of the Select Committee. Ironically, s
53(1) of the LTA presently contains a statutory presumption similar to that
abhorred by Baalman in his commentary – it presumes that co-owners would hold
land as joint tenants unless they describe themselves as tenants in common,
and appears thus to be a statutory presumption which draws conclusions from
the nature of the parties’ estates or interests, _ie_ , the co-ownership of
land. It would seem that Parliament has now settled on a default position
where equitable presumptions may still be required to effect justice between
the parties given that they may have been presumed to be joint tenants at law
without any informed or voluntary intention on their part to hold the land
they co-own in such a manner. Admittedly, a quick perusal of the current land
transfer form shows that transferees are required to complete the field
stipulating the manner of holding of the property to be transferred. One may
suggest that the Land Registry only accepts land transfer forms in which that
field is duly completed. However, such administrative forms and procedures
must be viewed against the backdrop of the governance of primary legislation
such as the LTA, and s 53(1) of the LTA certainly seems to envisage that
parties may omit to stipulate their manner of holding of land, and provides a
catch-all default position to cater to such situations.

91 In various Australian states, the land registrars have, in fact, adopted
the approach of insisting that all instruments presented for registration that
will confer an estate or interest on two or more persons set out clearly the
manner in which the persons are to hold the estate or interest (see Douglas J
Whalan, _The Torrens System in Australia_ (The Law Book Company Limited, 1982)
at p 102). Nevertheless, Whalan rightly acknowledges that the position where
registrarial vigilance breaks down must be considered. We find that this point
of view is also relevant locally: Even if the Land Registry may strive, in
practice, only to accept land transfer forms which expressly stipulate the
transferees’ choice of manner of holding of the property transferred, as in
the case of Australia, the _default statutory position_ where registarial
vigilance breaks down must still be considered. This is so, even though it may
be said that, _in most cases_ , parties do voluntarily intend to hold the land
in the manner of holding expressly stated on the certificate of title of the
property.

92 The statutory presumption of joint tenancy also requires one to consider
the corresponding application of the equitable tendency towards tenancies in
common as manifested in the presumption of resulting trust arising in
particular circumstances. Under s 53(1) of the LTA, there may exist situations
where co-owners hold land as legal joint tenants without fully appreciating or
voluntarily intending the consequences of such manner of holding; there is,
therefore, room for the intervention of equity to ensure fairness between the
parties. Indeed, although co-owners may be reflected as joint tenants in the
land register, and although they will be treated as joint tenants in so far as
third parties are concerned, this does not preclude the court from
investigating the beneficial ownership of the parties _inter se_ in order to
determine if they are to be treated as joint tenants or tenants in common as
between themselves (see _In re Foley (Deceased)_ [1955] NZLR 702 at 705).
Whalan persuasively contends in _The Torrens System in Australia_ at p 103:

Where it is probable that [the registered co-owners of land] had no idea that
the estate or interest was held by them as joint tenants or any knowledge of
the difference between such a tenancy and a tenancy in common, and there is no
direct evidence of an intention on their part to acquire and hold the estate
or interest as joint tenants, the court ought to find in favour of a tenancy
in common if there is any evidence to justify such a finding.

93 At this point, it is pertinent for us to emphasise that it is _only_ where
the registered co-owners of land had _not_ made a conscious and informed
choice to hold as joint tenants at law that equity kicks in to presume a
tenancy in common. In contrast, where co-owners had expressly specified their
intention to hold land in a legal joint tenancy, there would be no cause for
equity not to follow the law; thus, in such instances, legal joint tenants
should also be beneficial joint tenants unless it may be shown that the
expressly-stated choice should be vitiated for some reason. In this respect,
we note that the Law Reform Commission of Western Australia (“LRCWA”) had
astutely observed in its _Report on Joint Tenancy and Tenancy in Common_
(Project No 78, November 1994) at para 2.26:

Where the nature of the co-ownership is not specified it is most likely due to
an oversight or because the transferees are not clear in their minds as to the
exact nature of their co-ownership. Rejection of instruments which do not
specify the nature of the co-ownership will force the transferees (or, in the
case of a gift, the transferors) to think about the type of co-ownership they
desire.

The LRCWA had, therefore, suggested that s 60 of the Transfer of Land Act 1893
(WA) (which deems persons registered as joint proprietors of land to be joint
tenants) should be repealed and replaced by a new provision which requires
instruments of transfer to two or more persons submitted for registration _to
specify_ whether the co-owners are joint tenants or tenants in common; any
instrument which does not state the nature of the co-ownership must not be
registered.

94 If legislation were, in fact, amended to mandatorily require parties to
specify the manner of holding of land in the instrument of transfer, this
would ensure that all co-owners would be aware of their manner of holding in
registered land. Further, if the additional recommendation of the LRCWA – that
a simple explanation of the significance of the distinction should be
contained in the instrument of transfer – were implemented, co-owners could be
regarded as having knowingly intended to acquire and hold the estate or
interest in the manner of holding specified. This is especially so, given that
instruments of transfer are normally completed by a solicitor who should
explain to the relevant parties the legal distinction between the two types of
co-ownership so that they can make an informed choice of whichever type of co-
ownership they desire. Hence, we are of the view that _if_ legislation were as
that suggested by the LRCWA, there would be no need, generally, for any
intervention on the part of the courts or equity to presume a completely
different beneficial manner of holding. Interestingly, as we have pointed out
earlier (see [88] above), the progenitor of the present s 53(1) of the LTA
approximated such a position.

95 However, given the present s 53(1) of the LTA, there may still be cases
whereby the co-owners of land would have been stated as holding land as joint
tenants _as per the default position_. It is our view, therefore, that any
steps towards the wholesale renunciation of the equitable presumption, which
mitigates the rigours of a default legal joint tenancy, may presently be
premature. Nevertheless, valuable insights may be distilled from the above
analyses and recommendations of the LRCWA. In our judgment, if cogent evidence
is adduced to show that registered co-owners had in fact exercised their
informed and voluntary intention to hold land as legal joint tenants, and if
this evidence is accepted by the court, then the presumption of resulting
trust which may arise to impose an equitable tenancy in common should be
displaced and equity should, instead, as a matter of course, follow the law.
Such evidence could take the form of sworn testimony from the solicitor
attesting to the completion of the land transfer form, or even from one of the
co-owners concerned; each case must, ultimately, be decided on its facts.

96 Having established the role of equity in the context of legal joint
tenancies in Singapore generally, we turn now to consider the specific case of
joint tenancies between spouses.

**_The case of joint tenancies between spouses: Interplay between the
presumptions of resulting trust and advancement_**

97 The present appeal centres on properties held by Yeo and the appellant as
joint tenants at law; the respondents contend that the parties were in fact
beneficial tenants in common and that the appellant should be deemed to hold
the properties on trust for both herself and the Estate, upon the demise of
Yeo. Given the wider implications and ramifications arising from a decision on
property rights in a legal joint tenancy, especially in a joint tenancy
between spouses, it is important to consider and set out the modern approach
of the courts to these cases.

98 Where married couples are concerned, authorities suggest that courts are
inclined to take a broader-brush approach when faced with the presumption of
resulting trust; there appears to be a tendency towards inferring an intention
to share _equally_ , though in the Singapore context this is not the correct
approach: see _eg_ , _NK v NL_ [2007] 3 SLR 743 at [23]–[24] and [29]. In
_Rimmer v Rimmer_ [1953] 1 QB 63, Romer LJ discussed the principles applicable
to spouses in the presumption of resulting trust. These principles were
enumerated at 76 as follows:

[F]irst, that cases between husband and wife ought not to be governed by the
same strict considerations, both at law and in equity, as are commonly applied
to the ascertainment of the respective rights of strangers when each of them
contributes to the purchase price of property, and, secondly, that the old-
established doctrine that equity leans towards equality is peculiarly
applicable to disputes between husband and wife, where the facts, as a whole,
permit of its application.

Lord Upjohn in _Pettitt_ ([75] _supra_) also appraised the presumption of a
resulting trust in the matrimonial context, and espoused the view at 815 that:

[W]here both spouses contribute to the acquisition of a property … in the
absence of evidence [to the contrary] … they intended to be joint beneficial
owners and this is so whether the purchase be in the joint names or in the
name of one.

99 These observations by Lord Upjohn were subsequently considered by Mason and
Brennan JJ in the High Court of Australia (see _Calverley v Green_ ([37]
_supra_)). They suggested that an inference of the type postulated by Lord
Upjohn ought to qualify the basic presumption of resulting trust. They
thoughtfully added the following qualifying observations at 259–260:

_It may be conceded that Lord Upjohn’s inference reflects the notion that both
spouses may contribute to the purchase of assets during the marriage (as they
often do nowadays) and that they would wish those assets to be enjoyed
together during their joint lives and to be enjoyed by the survivor when they
are separated by death._ Such an inference is appropriate only as between
parties to a lifetime relationship … The exclusive union for life which is
undertaken by both spouses to a valid marriage, though defeasible and
oftentimes defeated, remains the foundation of the legal institution of
marriage … though it is no necessary element of the relationship of de facto
husband and wife. … It would be wrong to apply either the presumption of
advancement or Lord Upjohn’s inference to a relationship devoid of the legal
characteristic which warrants a special rule affecting the beneficial
ownership of property by the parties to a marriage. …

_Where the contributors to the purchase price are not husband and wife, the
taking of a conveyance in their joint names is less likely to support an
inference that they intend the right of survivorship to govern their
beneficial interests_.

[emphasis added]

100 Mason and Brennan JJ’s further refinement of Lord Upjohn’s inference in
_Pettitt_ was applied recently by the High Court of Australia in _The Trustees
of the Property of Cummins_ (_a bankrupt_) _v Cummins_ (2006) 224 ALR 280 (“
_Cummins_ ”). It was unanimously held that where a husband and wife purchased
property in unequal shares and took registered title in their joint names, and
where the property was treated as their family home, they would hold the
property as joint tenants in equity as well as at law. It was stated at
[71]–[72]:

The present case concerns the traditional matrimonial relationship. Here, the
following view expressed in the present edition of Professor Scott’s work
respecting beneficial ownership of the matrimonial home [_The Law of Trusts_
([40] _supra_) vol V at p 239] should be accepted:

It is often a purely accidental circumstance whether money of the husband or
of the wife is actually used to pay the purchase price to the vendor, whether
both are contributing by money or labor to the various expenses of the
household. It is often a matter of chance whether the family expenses are
incurred and discharged or services are rendered in the maintenance of the
home before or after the purchase.

To that may be added the statement in the same work [at pp 197–198]:

Where a husband and wife purchase a matrimonial home, each contributing to the
purchase price and title is taken in the name of one of them, it may be
inferred that it was intended that each of the spouses should have a one-half
interest in the property, regardless of the amounts contributed by them.
[Footnote omitted]

That reasoning applies with added force in the present case where the title
was taken in the joint names of the spouses. _There is no occasion for equity
to fasten upon the registered interest held by the joint tenants a trust
obligation representing differently proportionate interests as tenants in
common. The subsistence of the matrimonial relationship, as Mason and Brennan
JJ emphasised in_ Calverley v Green _, supports the choice of joint tenancy
with the prospect of survivorship_.

[emphasis added]

101 The weight of the authorities seems to favour a pragmatic approach to the
presumption of resulting trust in cases involving married spouses. The
strength of the presumption appears to be much weaker in cases where married
spouses who contribute jointly (whether in equal proportions or otherwise) to
the purchase of a property (in particular, their matrimonial homes) hold that
property as legal joint tenants. In such instances, there is a presumptive
inference that the parties intended to hold the property as joint tenants in
_equity_ as well. In our judgment, this position usually accords with reality;
indeed, the operation of the rule of survivorship is consistent with the
practical workings of an ordinary, caring matrimonial relationship. However,
instead of considering this inference at the stage of the presumption of
resulting trust, we are of the view that it is more appropriately accommodated
within the framework of the presumption of advancement which should, in any
event, be raised and applied in cases concerning spouses.

102 In fact, Mason and Brennan JJ had also proposed that Lord Upjohn’s
inference might be able to qualify the presumption of advancement in favour of
a wife. This was raised at 260 where they remarked:

[I]t can be said that the antiquity of the presumption of advancement does not
preclude the elevation of such an inference to the level of a presumption to
be applied where the absence of the spouses’ common intention leaves room for
its operation. The doctrines of equity are not ossified in history …

We agree with this approach. The presumption of advancement that already
arises between husband and wife may be developed and extended to additionally
apply in the situation where married spouses purchase property as legal joint
tenants; an intention may be inferred on the part of the contributing
spouse(s) for the operation of the rule of survivorship. In a typical caring
and amiable matrimonial relationship, it will be more probable than not that
the parties intended the absolute beneficial ownership of the property to be
conferred on the survivor. As is the case for the other applications of the
presumption of advancement, a fact-sensitive approach must be taken as well.
The _nature_ and _state_ of the relationship are similarly essential when
considering the application of the presumption of advancement where spouses
hold property as legal joint tenants. In addition, other factors such as the
nature of the purchase of the _property_ itself may affect the strength of the
presumption; where the property was purchased as a matrimonial home for the
parties and did indeed so serve, the stronger the presumption that both
spouses intended for the rule of survivorship to operate and for the
beneficial ownership of the property to devolve to the surviving spouse
absolutely.

103 Some authorities now suggest that the presumption of advancement is
displaced where property is purchased by spouses jointly contributing to the
purchase price. In _Equity and the Law of Trusts_ ([64] _supra_), the author
emphatically states, with respect to contributions by both spouses to the
purchase price of property, at p 179:

In this situation the role of the presumption of advancement is now
negligible. _Even if the property is conveyed into the name of the wife alone
the strength of the presumption has diminished virtually to vanishing point_.
[emphasis added]

This proposition appears to be based, at least partly, on Lord Upjohn’s
remarks in _Pettitt_ ([75] _supra_) at 815 where he stated:

But where _both spouses contribute to the acquisition of a property, then my
own view (of course in the absence of evidence) is that they intended to be
joint beneficial owners and this is so whether the purchase be in the joint
names or in the name of one_. This is the result of an application of the
presumption of resulting trust. Even if the property be put in the sole name
of the wife, I would not myself treat that as a circumstance of evidence
enabling the wife to claim an advancement to her, for it is against all
probabilities of the case unless the husband’s contribution is very small.
[emphasis added]

104 Three observations are in order. _First_ , it should be noted that the
first half of Lord Upjohn’s passage cited above was precisely the passage
relied upon by the High Court of Australia as “Lord Upjohn’s inference” which
_supports_ the notion that where both spouses contributed to the purchase of
property, “they would wish those assets to be enjoyed together during their
joint lives and to be enjoyed by the survivor when they are separated by
death” (see [99] above). Despite rejecting the application of the presumption
in these cases, Lord Upjohn was of the view that the two contributing spouses
would likely have intended to be “joint beneficial owners”; thus leading the
Australian judges to correctly interpret his comments as an inference that in
such situations, the parties intended their beneficial interests to be
governed by the rule of survivorship.

105 This leads us to the _second_ point: The displacement of the presumption
of advancement by Lord Upjohn in _Pettitt_ is based on the traditional
understanding and application of the presumption as one which operates to give
the entire beneficial interest of the property to the wife immediately. On our
extension of the presumption, the intention that is presumed is not an
intention to give absolutely with _immediate_ effect, but, rather, for the
rule of survivorship to operate to pass the absolute interest of the property
to the survivor of the two spouses. This interpretation is supported by the
fact that a resulting trust need not necessarily relate to the entire interest
in the property. The presumption of _resulting trust_ may be rebutted as to a
life interest, but may still operate in respect of the interest in remainder:
see, for example, _Napier v Public Trustee (Western Australia_) (1980) 32 ALR
153. Conversely, the intention may be that the contributing party should
receive the income from the purchased property during his life – to this
extent the resulting trust prevails, but the property should belong to the
benefiting party after his death, _ie_ , the resulting trust is rebutted as to
the remainder: see, for example, _Young v Sealey_ [1949] Ch 278. We are of the
view that the presumption of advancement could similarly operate with respect
to only _part_ of the interest in the property in question; it may be rebutted
as to the life interest of a property but prevail as to the remainder – one
such case would be where a property is held on joint tenancy and it is
inferred that there is an intention for the rule of survivorship to operate.

106 _Third_ , and also a related point, _Pettitt_ was a case concerned with a
matrimonial breakdown between living spouses where the _joint_ intentions of
the parties were relevant. Although it was said in _Teo Siew Har_ ([59]
_supra_) that the application of the presumption of advancement should depend
on the facts and circumstances of the case rather than on the nature of the
proceedings, matrimonial or otherwise (at [31]), the views articulated in
_Pettitt_ appeared to pertain quite specifically to circumstances where it is
the _life_ beneficial interest of the property that is at stake. Lord Diplock
in _Gissing v Gissing_ [1971] AC 886 (“ _Gissing_ ”) at 907 regarded _Pettitt_
as having this narrower embrace:

[B]ut as I understand the speeches in _Pettitt_ v. _Pettitt_ four of the
members of your Lordships’ House who were parties to that decision took the
view that even if the “presumption of advancement” as between husband and wife
still survived today, it could seldom have any decisive part to play in
disputes between _living spouses_ in which some evidence would be available in
addition to the mere fact that the husband had provided part of the purchase
price of property conveyed into the name of the wife. [emphasis added]

It is clear to us that the rejection of the presumption of advancement in the
circumstances envisaged in _Pettitt_ was with respect to cases where both
spouses are still living. In our judgment, not only would there be more
evidence as to the intention of the parties where the spouses are both living
(as contemplated by Lord Diplock in _Gissing_), the proprietary _interest_
that is in dispute is also different from that in a case where only one spouse
is surviving. As counsel for the appellant rightly highlighted during the
hearing before us, most of the leading cases on resulting trusts, imposed
between spouses holding property as joint tenants (such as _Pettitt_), are
cases dealing with matrimonial matters where both living spouses wished to go
behind the legal joint tenancy either to sever the shares of the property or
to obtain the entire interest of the property independent of the other party.
Indeed, we are unaware of any leading case which imposes a resulting trust on
the surviving spouse who _prima facie_ inherits absolutely by way of
survivorship the property previously held as joint tenants with his or her
late spouse. Therefore, to our minds, _Pettitt_ and other like authorities do
not, in any way, constrain our extension of the presumption of advancement to
all cases of joint tenancy between spouses, leading in turn to the absolute
devolution of the jointly-held property to the surviving tenant, unless this
is evidentially rebutted.

107 To summarise, both the presumption of resulting trust and the presumption
of advancement may feature whenever there is a legal joint tenancy in place
and there are unequal contributions to the purchase price of the jointly-owned
property. The presumption of resulting trust will operate in such a situation
since equity abhors joint tenancy as a form of common ownership. The
presumption of advancement, on the other hand, comes into play to displace the
presumption of resulting trust where there is a pre-existing relationship
between the parties which falls into one of the established categories of
relationships. In particular, where the joint tenants are spouses, the
presumption of advancement applies to presume an intention on the part of the
parties for the rule of survivorship to operate; the scope of the presumption
should be expanded to include (if it does not already so include) the
inference of an intention for the absolute beneficial ownership of the
property to be conferred on the surviving joint tenant. A holistic examination
of all the facts will, nevertheless, be necessary in assessing the application
of the presumption of advancement, as well as in determining the strength of
the presumption in any given case. As always, a pragmatic principled approach
must be adopted.

108 Finally, it bears reiteration that the above approach and principles apply
equally to other pre-existing relationships which attract the operation of the
presumption of advancement (such as parent-child relationships), as well as to
other property (besides real property) which may be held in joint tenancy. In
particular, in the case of bank accounts held _and operated_ jointly by
persons in the established categories of relationships, there will be a strong
inference that the rule of survivorship is intended to apply. This may be
reinforced, if there exist bank documents which prescribe and declare the
operation of survivorship in relation to the joint account; such documents
could constitute cogent evidence of the parties’ intention that the absolute
benefit of the account should devolve to the surviving joint account-holder.
Nevertheless, this needs to be assessed in relation to the factual matrix; see
_Low Gim Siah_ ([76] _supra_) at [51].

109 With the general law and approach as set out above in mind, we turn now to
deal with the present appeal.

**The present appeal**

**_Whether the presumption of resulting trust arises on the facts_**

110 Both the Properties were held by Yeo and the appellant in their joint
names as legal joint tenants. On the present facts, equity will follow the law
and the parties will be deemed to hold the Properties as joint tenants in
equity as well, _unless_ the parties’ contributions to the purchase price of
the Properties were _unequal_. Only then will Yeo and the appellant be
presumed to hold the Properties as beneficial tenants in common of shares
proportionate to their contributions to the acquisition of the Properties (see
[83] above). Since the respondents’ claim requires the court to go behind the
absolute legal title of the Properties which devolved to the appellant by way
of survivorship, it is necessary to establish that the presumption of
resulting trust in fact arises. Hence, we turn now to examine the respective
contributions of Yeo and the appellant to the purchase of the Properties.

111 It is the appellant’s case that the respondents’ position – that the
funding in respect of the Properties was provided entirely by Yeo – is
factually incorrect. She took issue with the trial judge’s computation of the
respective contributions of the parties towards the Properties and contended
that the Properties were jointly purchased and the liability was joint. The
respondents, on the other hand, argued that the larger proportion of the
purchase price of each of the Properties (if not the _entire_ purchase price)
was provided for by Yeo; hence, there should be a resulting trust imposed on
the Properties such that the appellant, as legal absolute owner of the
Properties, would hold the Properties on trust for herself and Yeo in
proportions corresponding to their respective contributions. As equity
followed the law in a joint tenancy where the parties contributed equally to
the purchase price of the property and where there were no indications of
contrary intention, it was, therefore, crucial to consider the respective
contributions of Yeo and the appellant in order to determine if the present
case was encompassed within the scope of operation of the presumption of
resulting trust.

_Time at which respective contributions of the parties should be determined_

112 A resulting trust crystallises at the time the property is acquired: see
_Curley v Parkes_ [2004] EWCA Civ 1515. The extent of the beneficial interests
of the respective parties where a resulting trust arises must be determined at
the time when the property was purchased and the trust created (_per_ Gibbs
CJ, _Calverley v Green_ ([37] _supra_) at 252); _ex hypothesi_ , the
respective contributions of the parties to the purchase price of the property,
which when unequal gives rise to a presumption of resulting trust, must
similarly be determined at the time of acquisition of the property in
question. This may not, however, be entirely uncontroversial – there are
authorities, which seem to suggest that _all_ contributions by the parties to
the acquisition of the property, up to the time of adjudication, may be
considered by the courts in determining the existence and the scope of a
resulting trust. For example, it was stated by Lord Denning MR in _Bernard v
Josephs_ ([83] _supra_) at 398:

As between husband and wife, when the house is in joint names and there is no
declaration of trust, the shares are usually to be ascertained by reference to
their respective contributions – just as when it is in the name of one or
other only. _The share of each depends on all the circumstances of the case,
taking into account their contributions at the time of acquisition of the
house_ : _and, in addition, their contributions in cash, or in kind, or in
services_ – _up to the time of separation_. [emphasis added]

113 However, _Bernard v Josephs_ appears not to have drawn a clear distinction
between resulting and constructive trusts. Indeed, there was no mention of
“resulting trusts” in Lord Denning’s judgment. The thrust of his decision was
to apportion a property between an engaged couple whose engagement had broken
down. The case was analogised to one of a matrimonial breakdown and the
judgment centred on doing justice to the parties by taking into consideration
_all_ their contributions to the acquisition of the property. The relevant
contributions taken into consideration by Lord Denning included contributions
in _kind_ and in _services_. This is more consistent with the concept of a
constructive trust. A court will impose a constructive trust on a party where
it would be inequitable to allow that party to deny to another party a
beneficial interest in the land acquired; this necessitates the consideration
of _all_ contributions by the parties, money or otherwise. A resulting trust,
on the other hand, is in theory strictly based on the parties’ respective
contributions to the _purchase price_ of the property, and each party’s
entitlement to the beneficial interest of the property is the _exact
mathematical equivalent_ of his or her contribution. The distinction between
the two types of implied trusts is apparent from _Midland Bank plc v Cooke_
[1995] 4 All ER 562 where Mrs Cooke was entitled to a 6.74% share of the
beneficial interest of a house by way of a presumed resulting trust but was
awarded a 50% share by the court by way of a constructive trust, taking into
account all her indirect contributions to the house. Lord Denning in _Bernard
v Josephs_ appeared to have amalgamated the two types of trusts and to have
focused simply on a fair apportionment of the property between the parties
upon the breakdown of their relationship. In our view, his consideration of
contributions up to the time of separation was more appropriate for the
imposition of a constructive trust; for the purposes of presuming a resulting
trust, the parties’ contributions that are to be considered should instead be
confined to those made at the time of the acquisition of the property.

_Nature of contributions which give rise to the presumption of resulting
trust_

114 Pearce & Stevens ([31] _supra_) state unequivocally at p 243 that:

Whilst “indirect” contributions may constitute sufficient detriment to call
for the imposition of a constructive trust if there was an express common
intention to share the ownership of the land, only “direct” contributions to
the purchase price will give rise to a presumption of resulting trust in
favour of the contributor.

The question then is: What amounts to a “direct” contribution to the purchase
price?

115 It has been held that the payment of mortgage instalments should _not_ be
regarded as a direct contribution to the purchase price of a property: see
_Calverley v Green_ ([37] _supra_). Mason and Brennan JJ explained at 257–258:

The payment of instalments under the mortgage was not a payment of the
purchase price but a payment towards securing the release of the charge which
the parties created over the property purchased.

A similar position was taken by the English Court of Appeal in _Curley v
Parkes_. Peter Gibson LJ stated at [14] of his judgment:

Because of the liability assumed by the mortgagor in a case where monies are
borrowed by the mortgagor to be used on the purchase, the mortgagor is treated
as having provided the proportion of the purchase price attributable to the
monies so borrowed. Subsequent payments of the mortgage instalments are not
part of the purchase price already paid to the vendor, but are sums paid for
discharging the mortgagor’s obligations under the mortgage ...

116 A distinction may, however, be drawn between contributions made to the
repayment of a mortgage on the basis of an agreement made when the mortgage is
taken out, and subsequent payments of mortgage instalments. In the former
case, the payment of mortgage instalments pursuant to the agreement between
the parties will be “direct” contributions to the purchase price and will give
rise to a resulting trust. This was the case in _Cowcher v Cowcher_ ([27]
_supra_) where Bagnall J held that a resulting trust was presumed in favour of
the wife who had made some of the repayments on a mortgage taken out by her
husband, pursuant to a prior agreement between them. The concept of a prior
agreement prevailing over any _prima facie_ “direct” contribution as a
relevant consideration for the presumption of resulting trust also manifests
itself in “bridging finance” cases. Wheeler J discussed these cases in _Bertei
v Feher_ [2000] WASCA 165 at [44]:

For example, where finance is raised, which is plainly intended to be
“bridging finance” it seems to me that it may be undesirably artificial to say
that it is the money raised under the mortgage for which, temporarily, both
parties may be liable, rather than what is intended to be the ultimate source
of funding, (for example, money from the sale of one party’s home) which
constitutes the payment of the purchase price. Similarly, for example, if a
relative of one of the parties provides the whole or some of the purchase
price as a short term measure until that party is able to obtain funds from,
for example, access to a fixed term investment, it would not, I think, be
correct to regard that relative as the person making the contribution to the
purchase price.

117 It is difficult to fault the logic of this. Therefore, the court will, and
should, give effect to any agreement between the parties at the time of
acquiring the property in question as to the ultimate source of funds for the
purchase of that property. However, in the absence of any such agreement, the
payment of mortgage instalments or other financial contributions _subsequent_
to the initial acquisition of the property will _not_ give rise to any
beneficial interest by way of a resulting trust.

118 Having established the principles to be applied in the determination of
the respective _relevant_ contributions of Yeo and the appellant in the
acquisition of the Properties, the pertinent issue is whether a presumption of
resulting trust should arise on the present facts.

_The Minton Rise property_

119 The purchase price of the Minton Rise property ($495,000) was paid fully
by a housing loan of $396,000 jointly obtained by Yeo and the appellant, as
well as $99,000 from an overdraft account in Yeo’s sole name. These are the
relevant sums for consideration in determining the respective direct
contributions of the parties for our purposes. Undue emphasis should not be
placed on the repayment of the mortgage instalments. Regardless of who was
responsible for subsequent repayments of the housing loan, Yeo and the
appellant should each be taken as having contributed half of the amount of the
housing loan towards the purchase price of the Minton Rise property since
_both_ of them have assumed liability for the loan _jointly_ : see _Curley v
Parkes_. To this extent, we must respectfully depart from the learned trial
judge’s analysis in which she took into account the payment of the monthly
mortgage instalments (see [14] above).

120 With respect to the $99,000 paid from Yeo’s overdraft account, the
appellant sought to argue that this sum was a joint contribution by both Yeo
and the appellant as the overdraft facility from which the sum was paid was
subsequently discharged by another loan jointly obtained from Standard
Chartered Bank by both Yeo and the appellant. We are of the view, however,
that the initial $99,000 drawn from Yeo’s overdraft account should _prima
facie_ be the direct contribution relevant in presuming a resulting trust; the
subsequent discharge of the facility by the joint loan is analogous to the
repayment of mortgage instalments – it is not part of the purchase price
already paid to the vendor, but merely goes towards discharging Yeo’s
obligations under his overdraft facility. The subsequent discharge of the
overdraft account by the joint loan will only be relevant as a direct
contribution to purchase price if there can be shown to be a _prior agreement_
between the parties _at the time of purchase_ of the Minton Rise property that
the use of moneys from Yeo’s overdraft account for the purchase price was
merely a form of temporary bridging finance and that it was intended that Yeo
and the appellant jointly take out a loan to discharge that overdraft
facility. No such prior agreement is apparent from the evidence adduced by the
parties. Admittedly, the joint loan that had purportedly discharged the
relevant overdraft facility had been taken out by the parties a mere two
months after the purchase of the Minton Rise property. However, the short
lapse of time _per se_ is insufficient to show the necessary prior agreement
between the parties that the ultimate source of funding of the $99,000 was
intended _from the outset, at the time of the acquisition of the property_ ,
to be from both parties jointly, instead of from Yeo alone.

121 Accordingly, as the appellant should be deemed to have contributed half
the housing loan, and Yeo should be deemed to have contributed the other half
of the housing loan _as well as_ the amount paid out from his overdraft
account, the respective contributions of the parties are _unequal_. The
presumption of resulting trust thus arises on the facts with respect to the
Minton Rise property.

_The Jalan Tari Payong property_

122 The purchase of the Jalan Tari Payong property ($1,100,000) was paid by a
housing loan of $770,000 jointly obtained by Yeo and the appellant; a short-
term loan of $80,000 obtained by way of a joint letter of undertaking by Yeo
and the appellant to repay the sum from the sale proceeds of 33 Fowlie Road;
as well as $250,000 from an overdraft facility belonging to both Yeo and the
appellant and secured on the original 33 Fowlie Road, and later, on 35 Fowlie
Road. These component sums are the relevant “direct contributions” to the
purchase price for the purpose of presuming a resulting trust; they will be
considered _ad seriatim_.

123 As in the case of the Minton Rise property, Yeo and the appellant should
each be deemed to have contributed half of the housing loan which they had
obtained in joint names towards the purchase price of the Jalan Tari Payong
property; and in the absence of prior agreement to the contrary, subsequent
mortgage repayments should not be a relevant consideration for the purposes of
a resulting trust. No evidence of any such prior agreement was adduced.

124 With respect to the short-term loan of $80,000, since Yeo and the
appellant _both_ assumed liability under the letter of undertaking to repay
that sum, _prima facie_ , they should both be considered to have _jointly_
contributed that sum towards the purchase price of the Jalan Tari Payong
property. However, from the letter of undertaking, it is clear that the
parties intended the repayment of the $80,000 to be from the sale proceeds of
33 Fowlie Road. As such, the loan of $80,000 advanced to both Yeo and the
appellant may be regarded as a form of “bridging finance” as envisaged by
Wheeler J in _Bertei v Feher_ ([116] _supra_), with the sale proceeds of 33
Fowlie Road (which belonged solely to Yeo) constituting the intended ultimate
source of funding for the $80,000. The letter of undertaking reflects the
common intention of Yeo and the appellant, and this agreement between them
should prevail for the purposes of determining the relevant direct
contributions to the purchase price. Yeo should thus be regarded as the sole
contributor of the $80,000 obtained from the short-term loan.

125 The remaining $250,000 was drawn from an overdraft facility belonging to
both Yeo and the appellant, and both parties should each be considered to have
contributed half that sum towards the purchase price of the Jalan Tari Payong
property since both have assumed equal liability for the loan. Admittedly, the
overdraft facility from which the $250,000 was drawn was secured on the
original 33 Fowlie Road and, later, on 35 Fowlie Road, both of which
undisputedly belonged solely to Yeo. However, contrary to the conclusion
arrived at by the learned trial judge (see [15] above), we are of the view
that the liability of a borrower under an overdraft facility is, in no way,
diminished by the existence and ownership of the security provided. It is
trite that failure to make repayment in accordance with the terms of a loan
agreement will entitle the lender to bring an action against the borrower for
the amount due. This action will be in pursuit of a claim _in personam_ and
may be brought irrespective of the existence of any security: see _Burgess on
Law of Loans and Borrowing_ (Struan Scott ed) (Sweet & Maxwell, Looseleaf Ed,
August 2005 release) at para 3.15, p 3017. The options of disregarding the
security and suing the borrower on the loan, or of realising the security and
suing for the balance if it proves insufficient, are open to the lender.
Therefore, since it is the liability also assumed by the borrower that
constitutes the reason for attributing the loan amount to the borrower when
determining contributions to the purchase price of the property, and since
that liability is not diminished by the existence of the additional collateral
security, the ownership of that security should usually be irrelevant in
considering the question of contribution to the purchase price of the property
for the purposes of the presumption of resulting trust.

126 Finally, it should be pointed out that contributions to the cost of
repairs or renovation of a property _may_ be relevant when computing a party’s
contribution to the purchase price of property. In Pearce & Stevens ([31]
_supra_), it was stated at p 246:

Where the property is repaired or renovated, and its value is thereby
increased, a person who contributes towards the cost of such repairs or
renovations will be entitled to an interest in the land by way of a resulting
trust proportionate to the extent to which the increase was attributable to
their contribution. Improvements made much later than the date of purchase may
give rise to a constructive trust.

Hence, where a property is redeveloped _closely after purchase_ and where its
value is increased by the redevelopment, contributions to the costs of
redevelopment can be relevant in determining the respective proportion of
contributions to the purchase price of the property for the purposes of a
presumption of resulting trust. In the present case, however, the evidence
supporting the appellant’s assertion at trial – that she had contributed her
own money to the redevelopment of the Jalan Tari Payong property – was
contradictory and rather unconvincing. It was undisputed that the appellant
had obtained a revised construction loan in her _sole_ name to complete the
redevelopment of the Jalan Tari Payong property after Yeo’s demise, but, save
for the amounts that were borrowed, no other evidence was adduced to elucidate
the actual proportions of the parties’ contributions. As such, we are of the
view that, in this case, the relevant contributions to consider for the
purposes of the presumption of resulting trust are the contributions towards
the purchase price of the property; the evidence adduced on the parties’
contributions towards the redevelopment costs of the Jalan Tari Payong
property is, without more, insufficient and inconclusive. Having said that, if
it were absolutely necessary for a just resolution of the matter, we may have
directed a fact specific inquiry into this issue as this was not properly
explored during the trial. Such an inquiry might well lead to the appropriate
legal framework giving recognition or credit to the appellant’s revision of
the construction loan in her sole name to complete the redevelopment of the
property.

127 Therefore, the appellant would be deemed to have contributed half of the
housing loan and half of the $250,000 obtained from the joint overdraft
facility with Yeo; and Yeo would be deemed to have contributed the other half
of the housing loan and the $250,000 obtained by overdraft _as well as_ the
$80,000 from the short-term loan which was subsequently repaid from the sale
proceeds of 33 Fowlie Road. As the contributions of Yeo and the appellant are
unequal, the presumption of resulting trust also arises with respect to the
Jalan Tari Payong property.

**_Application of the presumption of advancement_**

128 As the relationship between the parties concerned is a spousal one, the
presumption of advancement would apply to rebut or displace the presumption of
resulting trust. The respondents had attempted to argue that the presumption
of advancement should not apply with respect to the Minton Rise property as it
was purchased by Yeo and the appellant jointly eight months _before_ they were
married. However, the case of a fiancé-fiancée relationship is encompassed
within the extended application of the presumption of advancement contemplated
by the courts in both _Moate_ ([71] _supra_) and _Wirth_ ([71] _supra_) where
the transferor or contributor husband is _engaged_ to be married to the
beneficiary wife and they do not subsequently break their engagement to marry
each other: see discussion at [70]–[71] above. Indeed, it is also not
irrelevant that the Minton Rise property was in fact the matrimonial home. We
find, therefore, that the presumption of advancement should operate in
relation to _both_ the Minton Rise property and the Jalan Tari Payong
property. The issue is: How strong is the presumption of advancement on the
present facts? Does it rebut the initial presumption of a resulting trust?

_Relevance of the second will_

129 Yeo had named the appellant the sole beneficiary of _all_ his properties
upon his death in his second will. This will was executed in 1996, before the
purchase of the Properties. Unsurprisingly, the appellant and the respondents
take different positions with regard to the relevance of the second will in
determining the parties’ respective beneficial interests in the Properties.
The appellant had contended that the will was evidence of Yeo’s intention to
benefit the appellant upon his death and, thus, such evidence rebutted the
presumption of resulting trust and reinforced the presumption of advancement
at least in so far as the remainder interest in the Properties was concerned.
In contrast, the respondents’ case was that the will was made at a time when
the purchase of the Properties was not even within Yeo’s contemplation, and,
in the presumptions of resulting trust and advancement, it was the _specific_
intention of conferring the benefit of _particular_ properties on the
recipient that was relevant rather than a _general_ intention reflected in a
will made several years before the acquisition of the Properties.

130 In considering the relevance of the second will, it is important to
consider the rationale behind its deemed statutory revocation. After all, if
the second will had not been revoked by the subsequent marriage of Yeo to the
appellant (see [6] above), the appellant would, without more, have been the
absolute owner of _all_ of Yeo’s properties, including the Properties.

131 The second will was revoked pursuant to s 13(1) of the Wills Act (Cap 352,
1996 Rev Ed) (“Wills Act”) which states as follows:

Every will made by a man or woman shall be revoked by his or her marriage,
except a will made in exercise of a power of appointment, when the real or
personal estate thereby appointed would not in default of such appointment
pass to his or her heir, executor or administrator or the person entitled
under the Intestate Succession Act.

As such, on a strict application of the above provision, the appellant’s own
marriage to Yeo constituted the very trigger, by operation of law, for the
revocation of the second will, in which she was named the sole beneficiary.
Ironically, this result appears to defeat the very objective underpinning s
13(1) of the Wills Act.

132 There appears to be a dearth of local cases pronouncing on the rationale
of s 13(1) of the Wills Act. However, an examination of the authorities on the
English equivalent provision – s 18 of the English Wills Act 1837 (c 26) (“the
English Wills Act”) – confirms that the purpose of such legislation was to
protect the spouse of the testator in the marriage that occurs after the
execution of the will. The provision was originally devised to prevent
injustice to the wife and offspring, of any subsequent marriage, who would
otherwise inherit the testator’s estate by way of intestate succession.
Indeed, in I J Hardingham, M A Neave & H A J Ford, _The Law of Wills_ (The Law
Book Company Limited, 1977), the authors note the rationale of s 18 of the
English Wills Act to be axiomatic (at pp 103–104):

It has been observed that the purpose or rationale of the law as to revocation
of wills by marriage is to let in claims by wives and children, it being
reasonable to suppose that their claims will be properly protected and
adjusted by the law as to intestacy.

They add at p 104, citing F B Adams J in _Burton v McGregor_ [1953] NZLR 487
at 490:

To maintain a will made before marriage may result in injustice to children or
even to the wife herself, and there are, it is said, good reasons why it
should not be done unless a contrary intention is clearly expressed on the
face of the will.

133 In the present case, the appellant had anomalously lost her rights as the
sole beneficiary of Yeo’s second will by virtue of the very legislation that
was enacted to protect her and any children she might have had with Yeo during
their marriage. Instead, she is now reduced to claiming an interest in the
Estate under the intestate succession regime, together with Yeo’s children of
a previous marriage from whom he was estranged in his lifetime (see [5]
above). Further, as an indirect result, the absolute rights in properties that
had _prima facie_ devolved to the appellant by way of survivorship have also
become prone to challenge from the respondents; the respondents would not have
had the _locus standi_ to challenge those rights but for the fact that Yeo’s
second will had been, by a strange quirk of timing, statutorily invalidated.
These adverse consequences to the appellant are plainly contrary to the
manifest purport and intent of s 13(1) of the Wills Act.

134 As such, we are of the view that the existence of Yeo’s second will should
be given an appropriate amount of weight in determining his intention in
relation to the interests in the Properties upon his death. The revocation of
a will by a subsequent marriage takes place by operation of law, and it takes
effect without the testator ever having evidenced any actual intention to
revoke it: see for example, _Re Lim Kim Chye_ , deceased [1936] MLJ 60.
Therefore, Yeo’s unrevoked intention, _as reflected by his execution of the
second will_ , should be viewed as being relevant in our consideration since
the revocation of the will by virtue of s 13(1) of the Wills Act does not, in
any way, indicate any _de facto_ change of intention on Yeo’s part. The fact
that Yeo had intended for the appellant to benefit absolutely from _all_ his
assets after his demise buttresses the appellant’s contention that he had
intended for her to be the absolute owner of the Properties by way of
survivorship. To our minds, the existence of the second will, though legally
invalid and unenforceable, adds considerable strength to the presumption of
advancement in respect of the surviving interest in both jointly-held
properties.

_Legal advice on joint tenancy_

135 The appellant had emphasised that the Properties were held in joint
tenancy by Yeo and herself _after advice by their lawyers on the legal effect
of a joint tenancy_ ; it was clear that Yeo had in fact _intended_ for the
operation of the rule of survivorship in respect of these properties. We do
note, however, the respondents’ point that this assertion of legal advice was
unsupported by independent evidence. Nevertheless, in _Calverley v Green_
([37] _supra_), the High Court of Australia suggested that the fact that the
parties had agreed to hold a property on joint tenancy may _in itself_ be of
some relevance in considering the intention of the parties with respect to
their beneficial interests in that property. It was stated at 256:

In conjunction with other facts, the very fact that the plaintiff had become a
joint tenant at the defendant’s direction or, at least, with his consent may
be a fact of some importance in deciding whether the defendant intended her to
have a corresponding beneficial interest.

136 Further, in _Cummins_ ([100] _supra_), the High Court of Australia also
highlighted that it was unrealistic to suggest that the solicitor for the
purchasers of the property in question did not at any point advise his clients
on the significance of taking title as joint tenants rather than as tenants in
common: see [73] of the decision. Although it appeared that the court’s remark
in _Cummins_ was partly prompted by the fact that the conveyance in that case
was not uneventful, with the contract for the sale and purchase being settled
only after the issue of a notice to complete by the solicitors for the vendor,
we are of the view that, in the modern conveyancing context, it is nonetheless
more likely than not that parties represented legally in property transactions
would be advised on the consequences of those transactions, including the
consequences of joint tenancy where the property is to be co-owned in that
manner. Any omission to inform potential joint tenants of their legal
positions may even result in professional liability on the part of the lawyer.
We are prepared to assume, on this aspect of practice, that solicitors
generally carry out their responsibilities diligently.

137 The fact that Yeo and the appellant were legally represented in the
conveyancing of the Properties is not disputed; it is the appellant’s
assertion, that legal advice on the effect of joint tenancy was rendered, that
the respondents take issue with. As such, on the present facts, we are of the
view that legal representation results in a _prima facie_ inference of
_informed_ consent on the part of the parties to hold the Properties as joint
tenants at law. In line with the discussion at [94] and [95] above, it appears
that the parties in the present case had, in fact, voluntarily intended to
hold the Properties in such a manner and there is a strong case to be made for
equity following the law in this instance; the presumption of advancement with
respect to the surviving interest in both properties is, therefore, relatively
strong on the present facts. In our judgment, the juxtaposition of the factual
circumstances in the present case makes the inference, that Yeo had intended
for the appellant to benefit from the rule of survivorship which is an
intrinsic facet of joint tenancy, more probable than not.

_Financial independence of the appellant_

138 The trial judge had noted that Yeo did not work and that it was the
appellant, instead, who had worked and earned a living. The respondents, on
their part, had asserted that the appellant was financially independent and
did not expect Yeo to support her; she was “hardly the housewife for whom the
presumption of advancement would operate”. Indeed, it must be recognised that
the presumption of advancement is stronger and more readily inferable in cases
where the beneficiary is financially dependent on the transferor or
contributor. This was the position taken by the Court of Appeal in _Low Gim
Siah_ ([76] _supra_); Chan Sek Keong CJ, in delivering the judgment of the
court, had stated at [44]:

There is no doubt that many married women in Singapore are financially
independent of their husbands. But there are also many of them who are not or
who choose to be housewives in order to look after their husbands, their
children and their homes. Infant children will always be financially dependent
on their fathers and mothers. In our view, in the case of such relationships,
there is no reason to treat the presumption of advancement as having lost its
robustness or diminished in its vigour, and there is no reason why it should
not be applied to resolve questions of title in the absence of any evidence
indicating otherwise.

139 It must, however, be emphasised and reiterated that financial dependence
is but _one_ of the many factors relevant in determining the strength of the
presumption of advancement in any given case (see the discussion at [77]–[78]
above). This is a factor going towards the _nature_ of the relationship
between the parties. Other factors, including those relevant to the _state_ of
the parties’ relationship, are equally, if not more, important in the court’s
application of the presumption of advancement. Counsel for the respondents, Mr
Michael Khoo SC (“Mr Khoo”), had in fact candidly conceded at the hearing
before us that it was not _necessarily_ the case that the presumption of
advancement would not operate in favour of working wives; he rightly
acknowledged that each case must be taken on its own facts. Thus, while it is
relevant that the appellant was financially independent of Yeo and the nature
of the relationship between the parties was not one of financial dependence,
this is not a _determinative_ factor in applying the presumption of
advancement. The entirety of the factual matrix must be taken into account in
considering the strength of the presumption.

_State of the relationship between the parties_

140 Finally, we must turn to look at the _state_ of the relationship between
Yeo and the appellant. Generally, and logically, the more loving the
relationship between spouses (or indeed, between a parent and a child), the
more inferable is the intention on the part of the transferor or contributor
to confer a benefit on the recipient, and thus the stronger the presumption of
advancement.

141 From the evidence in the present case, it is clear that Yeo was well
disposed towards the appellant, right up to his untimely demise; their
relationship was a loving one. The parties’ architect, Mr Selvanayagam S
Nadarajah, gave evidence at trial that Yeo and the appellant were a devoted
couple. This testimony, it bears emphasis, was not challenged in the court
below. Mr Khoo had forthrightly acknowledged during the hearing that neither
of the respondents was in any position to dispute the close relationship of
Yeo and the appellant since there was no evidence to the contrary; he could
only observe that, as with all loving relationships, there might be stormy
periods. In our opinion, the _state_ of the relationship is not affected by
the various nuances, highs and lows that are part and parcel of _any_ human
relationship. It is the consistent and underlying relation between the parties
that is crucial. Thus, it is the fact that Yeo and the appellant had an
undeniably close and caring relationship, at the time of the acquisition of
the Properties, which is relevant apropos our determination of the strength of
the presumption of advancement.

**_Rebuttal of the presumption of advancement_**

142 On an examination of all the circumstances of the present case, it appears
to us that the cumulative facts are such as to give rise to a strong
presumption of advancement. Has sufficiently weighty evidence of a contrary
intention been adduced such that the presumption may be rebutted and a
resulting trust should be imposed? The respondents’ rebuttal of the
presumption of advancement should hence be considered.

_Analysis of the evidence adduced by the respondents_

143 The respondents have adduced evidence to support three assertions in order
to rebut the presumption of advancement: first, that the joint acquisition of
the Properties was pursuant to a convenient arrangement whereby Yeo provided
the Fowlie Road property as security for the credit facilities and, together
with the younger appellant, obtained a longer repayment period; second, that
the Jalan Tari Payong property was jointly acquired as an investment project
to be redeveloped and sold and was never intended as a gift to the appellant;
and third, that until his demise, Yeo had retained control of the Properties,
only allowing the appellant to take a more active role to build up her
experience.

144 With respect to the first assertion made by the respondents – that the
joint acquisition of the Properties was merely pursuant to a convenient
arrangement – the objective evidence does not suggest that convenience was the
_only_ reason for the parties’ acquisition of the Properties as joint tenants.
It may be the case that Yeo was older and a longer term of loan would have
been granted by the banks if the Properties were purchased in joint names; it
might even have been _one of the considerations_ that the parties had when
acquiring the Properties jointly. However, the respondents have not
persuasively shown that the parties did not intend to hold the Properties
beneficially as joint tenants _as well_. The evidence may reflect the
practical financial advantages in the parties holding the Properties as joint
tenants, but it does not serve to _rebut_ any inferred or presumed intention
on the part of Yeo to confer a benefit on the appellant – that of the
surviving interest in the Properties. Therefore, in our view, although the
presumption of advancement may be rebutted by establishing that the relevant
transfer or contribution was made for the purpose of convenience (for example,
in cases of jointly-held bank accounts: see _Marshal v Crutwell_ (1875) LR 20
Eq 328 and _Low Gim Siah_ ([76] _supra_) at [52]–[53]), this is plainly not
the case on the facts of the instant case.

145 The second and third points raised by the respondents appear to be based
on a narrow understanding of the presumption of advancement as encompassing
merely an outright gift to the person benefiting at the time of the transfer
or conveyance. As mentioned above at [105], the presumption of advancement may
operate in respect of _part_ of the interest in property as well as, for
instance, the remainder or surviving interest. The transferor or contributor
may have intended to give only a right of survivorship and no “present
beneficial interest at all” (see _Clelland v Clelland_ [1945] 3 DLR 664 at
666). Indeed, in _Commissioner of Stamp Duties v Byrnes_ [1911] AC 386, the
Privy Council took the view that the mere fact that any rents and profits
generated from the property concerned were returned to the purchaser or
transferor would _not_ conclusively rebut the presumption of advancement.
Accordingly, in the present case, even if the Jalan Tari Payong property was
to be an investment and the sale proceeds thereof were either to be used by
both Yeo and the appellant together or to be divided between them, and even if
Yeo had retained control of the Properties, this did not negate any inference
that Yeo had intended for the appellant to be the absolute owner of the
Properties _upon his demise_.

146 In our judgment, the evidence adduced by the respondents is clearly
insufficient to rebut the presumption of advancement in the present case. The
circumstances of the case weigh heavily in favour of inferring an intention on
the part of Yeo that the appellant should benefit from the operation of the
rule of survivorship in relation to both the Minton Rise property and the
Jalan Tari Payong property, and the scant evidence adduced by the respondents
falls short of adequately establishing a contrary intention. Therefore, the
presumption of advancement fastens and holds in the present case and there
should not be any resulting trust imposed on the Properties; the appellant’s
absolute ownership of both properties should be upheld.

**Conclusion**

147 The presumptions of resulting trust and advancement must be applied in
accordance with the modern context; a fact-sensitive approach is necessary and
courts should be both pragmatic and principled in dealing with issues where
these presumptions come into play. The presumptions are judicial devices for
allocating the burden of proof when property disputes arise. They continue to
be relevant and can still be sensibly applied. In circumstances where there is
scant evidence of the objective of a transaction, they can shield vulnerable
individuals. Where a legal joint tenancy is concerned, the initial inquiry of
the court should be whether a presumption of resulting trust arises in the
first place. It is only where the _prima facie_ circumstances of unequal
contributions to the purchase price of the property exist, and there is a lack
of any apparent contrary intention, that the presumption of resulting trust
may operate; otherwise the legal joint tenancy will reflect the beneficial
interests of the parties. Indeed, we should reiterate that where objective
evidence of the considered and voluntary intention of registered legal joint
tenants to hold land as such is adduced and accepted by the court, there is no
room to look beneath the express intentions of the parties as reflected in the
legal title; there is, consequently, no foundation for the application of the
presumption of resulting trust. _If_ it is established that the presumption of
resulting trust applies, it is then appropriate to turn to examine the
relationship between the parties. Where there is a subsisting relationship
which is one of equity’s darlings (for example, husband-wife, parent-child),
the presumption of advancement arises to _prima facie_ displace the
presumption of resulting trust. The next step is then to determine the
strength of the presumption of advancement based on all the facts of the case,
and to consider if that presumption can be rebutted by evidence of an
intention on the part of the transferor or contributor to permanently retain
an interest in the property.

148 On the facts of the present case, a strong, indeed one might even say
compelling, presumption of advancement arises and it may properly be inferred
from all the circumstances that Yeo had clearly intended to confer the benefit
of survivorship to the appellant in respect of the Properties. To our minds,
the respondents could not even begin to succeed in rebutting this presumption.
Accordingly, and for the above reasons, we allow the appeal and affirm the
appellant’s _absolute_ ownership of the Properties.

149 The appellant is entitled to the costs of proceedings below, as well as
the costs of this appeal, with the usual consequential orders.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 30 Nov 2007 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

