Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Public Prosecutor v Teo Cheow Kim  
[2007] SGHC 70

Case Number | : | CC 11/2007  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 17 May 2007  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Choo Han Teck J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Eugene Lee Yee Leng and Kenneth Chuah (Deputy Public Prosecutors) for the Prosecution; Ho Meng Hee (Ho Meng Hee & Co) and Chew Siang Tong (ST Chew & Partners) for the accused   
Parties | : |  Public Prosecutor — Teo Cheow Kim   
  
17 May 2007  |   
---|---  
  
Choo Han Teck J:

1 The accused was a 52-year-old man charged under s 5(1)(a) read with s 5(2)
of the Misuse of Drugs Act (Cap 185, 2001 Rev Ed) for trafficking in 30.37g of
diamorphine on 2 November 2006 along Race Course Road, Singapore. The facts
were straightforward. Officers of the Central Narcotics Bureau (“CNB”) kept
the accused under surveillance from 7pm of the day of his arrest. The officers
who watched him at the vicinity of Block 10 Selegie Road where he stayed
testified in detail about their observations on the accused. These officers
were SI Goh Teck Hock, SSgt Daniel Neo Thiam Leng, SSgt Wong Siew Weng, SSgt
Ridzuan bin Abdul Razak and Sgt Leow Yan Sin. These officers then moved to
Block 740 Bedok Reservoir Road to watch another person at a shop house at unit
#01-3167. A person known to the CNB as “Lim Ah Tee” was seen standing near the
back door of this unit at about 8.50pm. The accused was then seen meeting Lim
Ah Tee and the two men went into the shop house from the back door.

2 SI Goh Teck Hock testified that he saw the two men leaving the shop house a
while later and the accused was seen carrying a yellow plastic bag. He was
seen running across Bedok Reservoir Road to board a taxi bearing licence
number SHA 3131K. The taxi took the accused first to Kampong Java Road, and
then Hampshire Road where he alighted, still carrying the yellow plastic bag.
The accused walked across Race Course Road and entered the Banana Leaf Apollo
Restaurant. He was seen leaving the restaurant at about 9.30pm where he was
arrested by a team of CNB officers led by SI M Subramaniam. The yellow plastic
bag and a bunch of bananas carried by the accused were seized from the accused
upon his arrest.

3 The yellow plastic bag was handed by SI Subramaniam to SSgt Mohd Affendi bin
Ideris who took over custody of the bag. The accused and one Lim Hock Kim (who
was arrested also at the Banana Leaf Apollo Restaurant shortly after the
accused) were brought to the CNB Headquarters. Lim Hock Kim was not involved
in the present trial where the accused was the sole accused person. The yellow
plastic bag was opened by SSgt Mohd Affendi in the presence of the accused and
Lim Hock Kim. The yellow plastic bag was found to contain a white plastic bag
with the “NTUC Fairprice” logo, and in it were three bundles wrapped in
newspapers and in each bundle was a plastic packet each containing granular
substances. The granular substances were sent to the Health Sciences Authority
(“HSA”) and analysed and found to contain 13.09g, 9.36g and 7.92g of
diamorphine respectively. The drugs in question were seized from the accused
by SI Subramaniam and passed to SSgt Mohd Affendi, and then to ASP Lim Teck
Lim, Wendy Lim of HSA and then Tay Siew Leng the investigating officer. There
was no evidence or even indication of any break in the chain of custody of the
drugs.

4 The accused did not challenge the written statements made by him on 6 and 11
November 2006 and recorded by ASP Lim Teck Lim. The accused admitted that he
knew that he was carrying heroin in the yellow plastic bag. He also admitted
that he was paid to transport the heroin. He elected not to testify when his
defence was called. He also did not call any other witness to testify on his
behalf although he asked that one of the CNB interpreters to be summoned for
cross-examination. This was Wu Nan Yong who recorded the s 122(6) statement of
the accused. That statement was not admitted into evidence at all and Mr Ho,
counsel for the accused, was unable to say what Mr Wu was needed for. In the
circumstances, I saw no reason to have the interpreter summoned for cross-
examination.

5 In his closing submission, counsel for the accused suggested that the
prosecution had not proved its case beyond reasonable doubt. Two points were
made. First, that the accused had stated that he was collecting the heroin
from a motorcycle, but, counsel submitted, in a subsequent statement, that is,
the one made on 11 November 2006, the accused said he collected the heroin
from a bicycle instead. I was unable to see how this had created any doubt as
to the elements of the offence under which the accused was charged.

6 Secondly, counsel suggested that the drugs seized from the accused could
have been mixed-up with other drugs since the photographer Low Hiok testified
that he had taken photographs of the drugs seized from the accused together
with drugs seized from another accused. The prosecution evidence showed that
the two sets of drugs were distinctly marked and accounted for, and no
evidence whatsoever was adduced in any way to convert counsel’s speculation
into a reasonable doubt in my mind. Accordingly, I found that the prosecution
had made out its case against the accused beyond reasonable doubt. I,
therefore, convicted the accused and sentenced him to suffer death.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 17 May 2007 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

