Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## The "Sin Chuen No 112" (Union Bank of Taiwan and others, interveners)  
[2007] SGHC 11

Case Number | : | Adm in Rem 175/2005, RA 269/2006  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 08 January 2007  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Choo Han Teck J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Raymond Ong Sie Hou and Jasmine Chin (Rajah & Tann) for the plaintiff; Gan Seng Chee and Benjamin Seow Kian Hong (Ang & Partners) for the first intervener   
Parties | : | —  
  
Civil Procedure – Amendments – Statement of claim – Plaintiff applying to
amend amount claimed and contracts in support thereof in statement of claim –
Whether application should be dismissed for lack of bona fides  
  

8 January 2007 |  Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Choo Han Teck J:

1 This action involved a claim by the plaintiff, the master of the vessel “Sin
Chuen No 112”, against the owners of the vessel for his unpaid wages. The
owners have not taken part in the proceedings and may not even be found.
Resistance to the plaintiff’s claim came from the first interveners, the Union
Bank of Taiwan (“the Bank”), who were the mortgagees of the vessel, which had
since been sold by the sheriff for $847,251.69. After deducting the sheriff’s
expenses, a balance of $675,024.32 remained. The plaintiff’s claim was
initially for an aggregate sum of US$600,000, based on wages allegedly
outstanding from 1999. This sum comprised mainly of bonus payments which the
owners of the vessel had promised him.

2 The plaintiff filed his statement of claim on 31 October 2005. In it, he
pleaded his employment under a contract of employment dated 10 August 1999.
That contract was renewed in writing in December 2001 and again in December
2003. These three contracts (referred to collectively as “version 1”) were
attached to the plaintiff’s affidavit dated 4 October 2005. The Bank then
asked to inspect the contracts. Upon inspection, the Bank noted that the
inspected copies (“version 2”), which were purportedly the originals of the
version 1 contracts, were different from the version 1 contracts which had
been appended to the plaintiff’s affidavit of 4 October 2005.

3 On 2 December 2005, the plaintiff’s motion for judgment in default of
appearance was dismissed by Lai Siu Chiu J. The plaintiff then produced three
more copies of contracts (“version 3”) purporting to be the real original
copies of his employment contracts. By an Order of Court dated 27 July 2006,
the plaintiff’s statement of claim was amended. On 8 September 2006, the
plaintiff applied to again amend his statement of claim to substitute the
version 3 contracts with yet another purported version of his employment
contracts (“version 4”). This application was dismissed by the assistant
registrar. Unlike version 1 (which comprised of photocopies of _three_
contracts), versions 2, 3 and 4 consisted of only _two_ contracts each. By
reason of version 4, the plaintiff sought to reduce his claim against the
owners of the vessel to a sum of about US$240,000. The version 4 contracts
were unsigned. The plaintiff consequently appealed against the assistant
registrar’s refusal to let him amend his statement of claim. The notes of
evidence below showed that the assistant registrar dismissed the plaintiff’s
application on the ground that she did not think it to be a _bona fide_
application.

4 Counsel for the plaintiff, Mr Raymond Ong, submitted that the plaintiff had
produced the contracts as and when the owners of the vessel had given them to
him in response to his requests for these contracts during the course of this
action. Notably, the plaintiff had not explained why he did not appear to have
had a single copy of his own employment contract in his possession, or why he
had not claimed his long overdue salary (or, at least, the bonus element in
any event) for a period of more than six years. The question in this appeal
was therefore as follows: should the plaintiff be precluded from making
another amendment now? There have been many statements of principles from the
English and Singapore courts to the effect that at such a stage in the
proceedings, an amendment should be allowed if it would not cause injustice to
the other party. As the term “injustice to the other party” is a fairly loose
and general term, it requires elaboration for the sake of precision. Before
doing that, however, let me first set out a passage where that phrase has
previously been used. In _Cropper v Smith_ (1884) 26 Ch 700 (“ _Cropper_ ”),
Bowen LJ held (at 710):

Now, I think it is a well established principle that the object of Courts is
to decide the rights of the parties, and not to punish them for mistakes they
make in the conduct of their cases by deciding otherwise than in accordance
with their rights. Speaking for myself, and in conformity with what I have
heard laid down by the other division of the Court of Appeal and by myself as
a member of it, I know of no kind of error or mistake which, if not
fraudulent, or intended to overreach, the Court ought not to correct, _if it
can be done without injustice to the other party_.

[emphasis added]

The question as to when injustice might result was considered by Mohd Azmi FJ
in _Yamaha Motor Co Ltd v Yamaha (M) Sdn Bhd_ [1983]1 MLJ 213 to be a question
that involved three aspects, which I do not think were necessarily
comprehensive, but which were adequate for present purposes. The first
concerned the bona fides of the applicant or application, the second concerned
the issue of adequate compensation by way of costs, and the third was
concerned with the transformation of the character of the claim into something
different from the original one. In the present case, the plaintiff’s claim
was founded upon a purported breach of contract by reason of the owners of the
vessel’s failure to pay his wages. The proposed amendment was for the purpose
of allowing the plaintiff to plead his case in accordance with what he _now_
recognised as being the legitimate version of his employment contract, _ie_ ,
version 4. I am of the opinion that that amendment would not alter the nature
or character of the claim. If the amendment were allowed, the trial might have
to be delayed but that would not, on the affidavit evidence, have resulted in
any inconvenience or expense that could not be compensated with costs. In this
regard, counsel for the Bank raised the argument that the amendment might have
the prejudicial effect of denying them the right to rely on the defence of
limitation. Though that would normally be an issue that the court might
consider, in this case, the dates appeared not to be so different as to have
the result of precluding the Bank from pleading a limitation defence. Thus,
the only issue before me was whether the application lacked bona fides.

5 A lack of bona fides is ostensibly a _weaker_ version of the notion of
“fraudulent” conduct which Bowen LJ expounded upon in _Cropper_ ([4] _supra_).
In the present case, the Bank also complained that the plaintiff had refused
to produce the originals of the contractual documents which constituted
version 4, the insinuation being that the plaintiff might either be unable to
produce any, or was afraid that these documents, if produced, might be proved
to be forgeries. In the present case, the plaintiff’s problems run far deeper.
If as he said, the contracts were given to him by the owners of the vessel,
and any fraudulent forgery of the documentation was attributable solely to
that party, he had not sought leave to join the owners as a third party. It
was not a sufficient answer, in my view, to claim that the owners could not be
found. The plaintiff had entered judgment against the owners on the basis of
the version 1 contracts. Could- and more importantly, _should_ \- he be
allowed to enjoy a judgment so obtained and be allowed to claim for the same
subject matter (his salary and bonuses) under a different contract? I do not
think so. The plaintiff, having proceeded to have judgment entered thus
against the owners of the vessel, could no longer say that his claim was based
on another contract. It was therefore not merely an amendment that affected
only the interveners. The matter _as a whole_ , as opposed to the action
between the plaintiff and the Bank, is far too ripe to be reversed, certainly
not on the facts as the affidavit evidence currently stands. For these
reasons, the appeal is dismissed, with costs to be taxed if not agreed.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 08 Jan 2007 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

