Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Go Go Delicacy Pte Ltd v Carona Holdings Pte Ltd and Others  
[2007] SGHC 165

Case Number | : | Suit 173/2007, RA 162/2007  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 28 September 2007  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Lai Siu Chiu J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Alfred Dodwell (Alfred Dodwell) for the plaintiff; Adrian Tan and Tan Ijin (Drew & Napier LLC) for the defendants   
Parties | : |  Go Go Delicacy Pte Ltd — Carona Holdings Pte Ltd; Carona Fast Food Pte Ltd; Foodplex Trading Pte Ltd; Yap Teck Song; Lee Boon Hiok   
  
Arbitration – Stay of court proceedings – Whether parties required to file
defence after applying for stay of court proceedings – Whether filing of
defence before hearing of application for stay of court proceedings amounting
to "step in the proceedings" – Other options available not amounting to "step
in the proceedings"  
  
Civil Procedure – Stay of proceedings – Majority of parties not party to
agreement containing arbitration clause – Whether granting of stay of
proceedings and compelling of all parties to arbitrate disputes possible  
  
Civil Procedure – Stay of proceedings – Party to agreement serving 48-hour
notice requiring other parties to file defence after other parties applied for
stay of proceedings – Whether other parties required to file defence before
hearing of stay of proceedings application  
  

28 September 2007  |   
---|---  
  
Lai Siu Chiu J:

1 This was a Registrar’s Appeal that came up for hearing before me and which I
dismissed.

2 The plaintiff Go Go Delicacy Pte Ltd is a Singapore company that deals in
various food products including the retailing of meats and pre-packed
sausages. The first to third defendants Carona Holdings Pte Ltd, Carona Fast
Food Pte Ltd, and Foodplex Trading Pte Ltd are Singapore incorporated
companies. The first defendant owned a product known as GoGo Franks
(presumably a type of frankfurter) and a business plan incorporating
marketing, distribution, trade secret, source of supply etc for the product
(known as the “GoGo franks system”) while the fourth and fifth defendants Yap
Teck Song and Lee Boon Hiok (who are husband and wife respectively) were/are
directors of the first to third defendants.

3 The five defendants were sued by the plaintiff. Against the first defendant,
the claim was for breach of a franchise agreement made on or about 13 April
2006 (“the Franchise Agreement”) between the plaintiff and the first defendant
but (according to the plaintiff) backdated to 26 October 2005. The Franchise
Agreement granted the plaintiff an exclusive franchise for Singapore relating
to the selling/distribution of frankfurters under the GoGo franks system. The
action against the second defendant was for return of moneys paid under the
Franchise Agreement and for damages for breach of the same. The action against
the third defendant was for damages for spoilt or rotting food supplies sold
to the plaintiff pursuant to the Franchise Agreement. The claims against the
fourth and fifth defendants were for damages in respect of undue influence,
duress as well as misrepresentation.

4 The writ of summons with the statement of claim was filed on 20 March 2007
and served on the defendants on 27 March 2007. The defendants entered an
appearance on 2 April 2007.

5 By a letter dated 2 April 2007 to the plaintiff'’s solicitor, the
defendants’ solicitors pointed to an arbitration clause in the Franchise
Agreement and requested confirmation that the action would be stayed or struck
out.

6 The plaintiff’s solicitor replied to the defendants’ solicitors’ letter on 3
April 2007 stating _inter alia_

Whilst our client agrees that the matter should be referred to arbitration as
per clause 23.13, surely your client can also waive that requirement and agree
and/or consent to this matter proceeding by way of Writ action in the High
Court. If not, we will proceed to amend the statement of claim accordingly.

7 On the same day, the defendants’ solicitors wrote to the plaintiff’s
solicitor to say that as the plaintiff had agreed that the matter should be
referred to arbitration, the present action should be dismissed or stayed.

8 The plaintiff’s solicitor replied on 4 April 2007 expressing the hope that
the defendants would agree to the matter proceeding in court.

9 The defendants’ solicitors replied on 11 April 2007 to say that the
plaintiff’s solicitor’s letter of 4 April 2007 contradicted their earlier
letter dated 3 April 2007. The letter ended with a request for confirmation of
the plaintiff’s position on arbitration and a reminder that the deadline for
filing the Defence would expire on 18 April 2007.

10 There was no reply from the plaintiff’s solicitor. Consequently, the
defendants applied on 18 April 2007 in summons no. 1707 of 2007 (“the stay
application”) for a stay of these proceedings. The fifth defendant filed an
affidavit in support thereof.

11 On 20 April 2007, the plaintiff’s solicitor gave 48 hours’ notice (“the 48
hours notice”) to the defendants’ solicitors for the defence to be filed.

12 On 23 April 2007, the defendants’ solicitors replied to the 48 hours notice
pointing out that the defendants had made the stay application. The letter
concluded “In the circumstances, we do not think that it is appropriate for
your client to give a 48 hour notice to our clients”.

13 The plaintiff’s solicitor’s response was to file summons no.1806 of 2007
(“the judgment application”) on 25 April 2007 applying for judgment in default
of defence against the defendants. He arranged with the duty registrar for it
to be heard on the same day as the stay application.

14 Both applications came up for hearing before the assistant registrar (“the
AR”). On 26 June 2007, the AR dismissed the stay application and granted the
judgment application. In his detailed grounds of decision [2007] SGHC 97 the
AR essentially accepted the plaintiff’s argument that even though the
defendants had made the stay application, they ought to have applied for an
extension of time to file their defence later, after receiving the 48 hour
notice from the plaintiff’s solicitors (at [23]).

15 The defendants appealed against the AR’s decision in Registrar’s Appeal No.
162 of 2007 (“the Appeal”). I heard and dismissed the Appeal. The defendants
have now filed a notice of appeal (in Civil Appeal No. 90 of 2007) against my
decision.

The submissions

**_The defendants’ arguments_**

16 Counsel for the defendants referred to s 6 of the Arbitration Act (Cap 10
2002 Rev Ed) (“the Act”) which was the basis of the stay application; it
states:

Stay of legal proceedings

(1) Where any party to an arbitration agreement institutes any proceedings in
any court against any other party to the agreement in respect of any matter
which is the subject of the agreement, any party to the agreement may, at any
time after appearance and before delivering any pleading or taking any other
step in the proceedings, apply to that court to stay the proceedings so far as
the proceedings relate to that matter.

(2) The court to which an application has been made in accordance with
subsection (1) may, if the court is satisfied that ?

(a) there is no sufficient reason why the matter should not be referred in
accordance with the arbitration agreement; and

(b) the applicant was, at the time when the proceedings were commenced, and
still remains ready and willing to do all things necessary to the proper
conduct of the arbitration,

make an order, upon such terms as the court thinks fit, staying the
proceedings so far as the proceedings relate to that matter.

17 Quoting from the Court of Appeal’s decision in _Samsung Corp v Chinese
Chamber Realty Pte Ltd_ [2004] 1 SLR 382 (“ _Samsung Corp_ ”) _in extenso_ ,
counsel submitted that a defendant cannot be compelled to file its defence
while a stay application was pending.

18 Counsel submitted that if a defendant was to file its defence, it would
lose its right to a stay under s 6 of the Act, relying on _Chong Long Hak Kee
Construction Trading Co v IEC Global Pte Ltd_ [2003] 4 SLR 499 (“ _Chong Long
Hak Kee”_).

19 Indeed, counsel added, “taking a step” (under s 6(1) of the Act) would have
fatal consequences for a stay application, referring to the following extract
(at p 472) from Mustill & Boyd’s _The Law and Practice of Commercial
Arbitration in England_ (Butterworths, 2nd Ed, 1989):

The taking of a step nullifies the jurisdiction of the Court to grant a stay;
it is not simply a matter which is to be weighed when the Court exercises its
discretion.

20 For the meaning of “a step in the proceedings”, counsel referred to the
following extract from para 20.035 of _Halsbury’s Laws of Singapore_ vol 2
(Lexis Nexis, 2003 Reissue, 2003) (at p 40):

There is no definitive rule as to what amounts to a ‘step in the proceedings’.
It is generally accepted that any step which affirms the correctness of the
proceedings or demonstrates a willingness or intention to defend the substance
of the claim in court instead of arbitration may be construed as such. Clear
examples of such steps would be filing of a defence on the merits of the
claim; …

The above extract was cited with approval in _Chong Long Hak Kee_ (_supra_
[18]).

21 Reference was also made to the House of Lords decision in _Ford’s Hotel
Company Limited v Bartlett_ [1896] AC 1 as authority for the proposition that
applying for an extension of time to file a defence was a “step in the
proceedings”. The court was informed that the House of Lords’ interpretation
of a “step in the proceedings” was followed by the Federal Court of Malaysia
in _Sanwell Corp v Trans Resources Corp Sdn Bhd_ [2002] 2 MLJ 625.

22 Counsel then sought to distinguish the decision of Belinda Ang J in
_Australian Timber Products Pte Ltd v Koh Brothers Building & Civil
Engineering Contractor (Pte) Ltd_ [2005] 1 SLR 168 (“ _Australian Timber_ ”)
where she held that an application to extend time to serve a defence would not
constitute a “step in the proceedings” because such an application would be an
act that safeguarded the defendant’s position pending the determination of a
stay application. Counsel added that _Australian Timber_ was inconsistent with
and directly contradicted the decision in _Samsung Corp_ (_supra_ [17]).

**_The plaintiff’s arguments_**

23 Counsel for the plaintiff not unexpectedly relied heavily (if not totally)
on _Australian Timber_ and distinguished _Samsung Corp_. He pointed out that
only the first defendant was a party to the Franchise Agreement, not the other
four defendants. Consequently, there was no basis for the second to fifth
defendants not to have filed their defence collectively or individually by the
timeline of 18 April 2007 or by 22 April 2007 in response to the 48 hours
notice.

24 Counsel submitted that it was for the court to exercise its discretion
whether or not to grant a stay application. At the same time, the defendants
should not be allowed to flout the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R5, 2006 Rev Ed)
(“Rules of Court 2006”) merely because they had applied for a stay, citing the
following extract at [12] from _Samsung Corp_ :

We endorse the views of the judge that generally where the Rules of Court have
expressly provided what can or cannot be done in a certain circumstance, it is
not for the court to override the clear provision in exercise of its inherent
powers. No court should arrogate unto itself a power to act contrary to the
Rules.

Counsel added that what the defendants should have done but failed to do, was
to apply for an extension of time to file their defence pending the outcome of
the stay application.

25 I should point out that counsel’s complaint before me that the defendants
did not file any affidavit is incorrect. As indicated earlier (_supra_ [10])
the stay application was supported by an affidavit filed by the fifth
defendant. I would add that the plaintiff through its director Kheh Kim Chong
(who is a cousin of the fifth defendant) also filed an affidavit, to resist
the stay application, the nub of which contents was that the plaintiff’s
claims against the various defendants were separate and distinct, although
they all arose out of the Franchise Agreement.

**_The decision_**

26 One reason I dismissed the Appeal was the fact that a stay of these
proceedings was not practical as only the first defendant was a signatory to
the Franchise Agreement; therefore only one of the five defendants involved
was bound by the arbitration clause therein. A court cannot compel non-parties
to an agreement that contains an arbitration clause to arbitrate their dispute
merely because one defendant is a party to that agreement. This fact was
clearly considered by the AR when he dismissed the stay application (see [11]
of his grounds of decision).

27 The arbitration clause in the Franchise Agreement was to be found in cl
23.13. Its wording was quite standard and states:

23.13.1 Any dispute arising out of or in connection with this Agreement
including any questions regarding its existence, validity or termination shall
be referred to and finally resolved by arbitration in Singapore in accordance
with the rules of the Singapore Arbitration Centre for the time being in force
which rules are deemed to be incorporated by reference into this clause
23.13.1.

28 The fifth defendant’s affidavit filed in support of the stay application
(_supra_ [10]) was short on facts relevant to the court’s consideration
whether a stay should be granted. Instead, she deposed to irrelevant factors
(at para 7) that a main advantage of having the dispute referred to
arbitration was the element of confidentiality, as the first and second
defendants were prominent companies which had a good reputation with their
customers, suppliers and partners and had never been involved in litigation
previously.

29 The fifth defendant then accused the plaintiff of attempting to circumvent
the arbitration obligation by including frivolous claims against the second to
fifth defendants which were “utterly baseless”. My short comment to this
allegation is that if indeed the plaintiff’ claims against the defendants
(other than the first defendant) were frivolous, the second to fifth
defendants should _not_ have applied for a stay of proceedings (which had no
basis as they are non-parties to the Franchise Agreement) but should have
applied to strike out the plaintiff’s action against them under Order 18 rule
19 (1) of the Rules of Court 2006.

30 I turn now to the authorities cited by the parties in support of their
opposing positions, starting with _Samsung Corp_. In that case, the Court of
Appeal dealt with a situation where the appellant/defendant Samsung
Corporation (“Samsung”) had applied for a stay of proceedings after entering
an appearance to the respondent/plaintiff’s writ of summons, due to a similar
arbitration clause in the Singapore Institute of Architects conditions of
contract which governed the parties’ relationship.

31 The plaintiff then applied for summary judgment (with leave granted by an
assistant registrar as under the then Rules of Court 1997 (Cap 322, R 5, 1997
Rev Ed), the plaintiff could not apply for Order 14 judgment until after a
defence had been filed). The plaintiff’s application for summary judgment and
Samsung’s application for a stay were ordered to be heard together by an
assistant registrar. Samsung appealed to a judge in chambers who ordered
Samsung to file its defence with the caveat that this was not to be construed
as a step in the proceedings (this was termed “the compromise order” by the
Court of Appeal).

32 The Court of Appeal set aside the compromise order and allowed Samsung’s
appeal, holding that no Order 14 application should be brought before
Samsung’s stay application was disposed of.

33 In _Australian Timber_ , Belinda Ang J dealt with a situation similar to
this case. The defendant there was the main contractor who had appointed the
plaintiff as its subcontractor for construction of a building. The plaintiff
sued for its unpaid claim. The defendant applied for a stay of proceedings
under s 6 of the Act because of an arbitration clause in the contact that
governed the parties’ relationship. The defendant did not serve its defence
within the timeline, arguing that it was not required to do so because of the
pending stay application. The plaintiff applied and obtained judgment in
default of defence. The defendant succeeded in its application to set aside
the default judgment whereupon the plaintiff appealed to a judge in chambers
in the High Court.

34 In allowing the plaintiff’s appeal, Belinda Ang J held that a pending stay
application did not stop time from running for the service of the defence. The
onus was upon the defendant to see the duty registrar to bring forward the
hearing date of the stay application for immediate hearing as a matter of
urgency or, apply for an extension of time to serve the defence pursuant to
Order 3 rule 4 of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2004 Rev Ed). Ang J held
at [23] that an application to extend time to serve the defence would not
constitute a “step in the proceedings” within the meaning of s 6(1) of the
Act.

35 I noted that counsel for the defendants mistakenly thought there was only
Hobson’s choice available to his clients – (i) file a defence in compliance
with the 48 hours notice with the attendant risk that it would amount to
taking a “step in the proceedings” and therefore would be fatal to the stay
application; (ii) risk having judgment in default of defence being entered
against the defendants by not filing any defence.

36 Counsel was incorrect in his surmise. As I informed him, there was a third
alternative available to the defendants – the stay application should have
included an additional prayer for an order that the defendants not be
compelled to file any defence pending the stay application. There was even a
fourth alternative the defendants could/should have explored. They could have
applied to the duty registrar to bring forward the hearing date of the stay
application or applied to postpone the hearing date of the judgment
application to a date after the hearing of the stay application. Even if
counsel for the defendants disagreed with the decision in _Australian Timber_
(which he did)_,_ these two alternatives would not have done violence to the
spirit and effect of the appellate court’s decision in _Samsung Corp_ and
would not in my view amount to taking a “step in the proceedings”.

37 Although it was not totally on point, I shall also address _Yeoh Poh San v
Won Siok Wan_ [2002] 4 SLR 91 (“ _Yeoh Poh San_ ”) since the case was followed
in _Samsung Corp_ and referred to in _Australian Timber_.

38 In that case, the Malaysian plaintiffs sued the defendant, who was also a
Malaysian, in Singapore but effected service of the writ on the defendant in
Malaysia. The defendant entered an appearance to the writ and thereafter
applied for the proceedings to be stayed on the ground of _forum non
conveniens_. The stay application was dismissed by the assistant registrar
against which decision the defendant appealed to a judge in chambers (“the
first appeal”). The due date for filing of the defence expired before the date
of the hearing of the first appeal. The plaintiffs applied for judgment in
default of defence while the defendant applied for an extension of time to
file her defence or, for a stay until final determination of the first appeal.
The defendant was granted an extension of time of 14 days by the deputy
registrar to file her defence on the undertaking of the plaintiffs’ solicitors
not to treat the filing of the defence as a step taken by the defendant in the
proceedings, in view of the then pending first appeal.

39 The defendant filed a separate appeal to a judge in chambers (“the second
appeal”) against the deputy registrar’s order, seeking an extension of time to
file her defence until she had exhausted all avenues of appeal. In allowing
the second appeal, Woo Bih Li JC (as he then was), relying on _The Jarguh
Sawit_ [1998] 1 SLR 648, held that where a plaintiff was aware that a
defendant had filed an appeal against the refusal to order a stay, he should
not insist on the filing of a defence pending the hearing of the appeal. To
insist on the filing of a defence was wrong because it would defeat the very
purpose of filing an appeal against the refusal to order a stay. This
principle applied to an application for a stay on any grounds and was not
confined to a challenge based on an absence of jurisdiction.

40 Chao Hick Tin JA who delivered the judgment in _Samsung Corp_ in following
Woo JC’s decision in _Yeoh Poh San_ had this to say at [7]:

It seems to us that as a matter of logic, it makes absolute sense that when
the question of stay is put in issue that should first be determined before
any further step is taken by either party in the action. In the context of an
arbitration clause, it is all the more so as under s 6(1) of the Arbitration
Act (Cap 10), it is expressly provided that the party who wants a stay of the
court proceedings should apply “after appearance and before delivering any
pleading or taking any other step in the proceedings”. Once the stay question
is finally determined, then everything else will follow from that.

I fully endorse the above comment.

41 As I had said earlier, had the defendants adopted either of the two
alternatives I suggested in [36], they would not be in their present
predicament. Either one of the two alternatives would not have been
inconsistent with the reasoning in _Samsung Corp_ or _Yeoh Poh San_ or
_Australian Timber_. I agreed with the AR that the defendants should have been
more proactive than merely relying on the stay application as their reason for
not complying with the 48 hours notice.

42 Although I dismissed the Appeal, the defendants were not left without any
remedy. As was pointed out by the court below, they could have applied to set
aside the default judgment.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 28 Sep 2007 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

