Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Mohammad Zam bin Abdul Rashid v Public Prosecutor  
[2007] SGCA 11

Case Number | : | Cr App 7/2006, Cr M 38/2006  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 23 February 2007  
Tribunal/Court | : | Court of Appeal  
Coram | : |  Choo Han Teck J; Kan Ting Chiu J; Woo Bih Li J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Andy Yeo Kian Wee, Lim Dao Kai and Jesslyn Chia (Allen & Gledhill) for the appellant; Janet Wang (Deputy Public Prosecutor) for the respondent   
Parties | : |  Mohammad Zam bin Abdul Rashid — Public Prosecutor   
  
Criminal Procedure and Sentencing – Appeal – Adducing fresh evidence –
Applicable principles for allowing fresh evidence at appeal where appellant
pleading guilty to offence and appeal relating to sentence only – Section 257
Criminal Procedure Code (Cap 68, 1985 Rev Ed), s 55(1) Supreme Court of
Judicature Act (Cap 322, 1999 Rev Ed)  
  
Criminal Procedure and Sentencing – Sentencing – Mentally disordered offenders
– Appellant pleading guilty to offence of culpable homicide not amounting to
murder – Whether sentence of life imprisonment unreasonable where evidence of
familial support to address appellant's need for long-term medical treatment
unconvincing  
  

23 February 2007 |   
---|---  
  
Choo Han Teck J (delivering the grounds of decision of the court):

1 The appellant killed his wife on 2 December 2005. On 17 July 2006, he
pleaded guilty to a charge of culpable homicide not amounting to murder under
s 304(_a_) of the Penal Code (Cap 224, 1985 Rev Ed) and was sentenced by the
High Court to life imprisonment. He appealed against that sentence. He also
made an application for further evidence to be adduced and considered for the
purpose of the appeal. The reason for this application arose from the mental
condition of the appellant and the judge’s grounds of decision (see [2006]
SGHC 168) in respect of the sentence imposed. We shall first set out the
circumstances of the offence and the mitigation speech made on the appellant’s
behalf. The statement of facts (which had included the statement that the
appellant was estranged from his siblings) had been read to the appellant and
he had accepted it without objection.

2 The appellant is 45 years old and has a twin brother, Ramziz, who has been
prominent in the application for further evidence to be adduced. The appellant
was a caretaker in a condominium and had been married to his wife for eight
years. They have no children. In addition to Ramziz, the appellant has five
other siblings. About 1.00am on 2 December 2005, the appellant battered his
wife so severely that in spite of medical attention in hospital, the wife
succumbed to the injuries she suffered, mainly to her face and head, and died
on 4 December 2005.

3 A consultant forensic psychiatrist with the Institute of Mental Health, Dr
Stephen Phang, examined the appellant after he had been arrested by the
police, and found the appellant to be suffering from a psychiatric disorder
known as “Frontal Lobe Syndrome”. A person with this condition is known to be
emotionally labile and unable to control his impulses. It was for this reason
that Dr Phang formed the opinion that the appellant had lost his impulse
control when he killed his wife. At that time, he was also intoxicated with
alcohol which most likely aggravated his medical condition, and had lost his
temper, leading him eventually to shout at her and batter her. The court below
noted that Dr Phang was also of the opinion that the appellant was a potential
danger to those around him, and that he required “long-term psychiatric
follow-up and care, including the possibility of treatment with medication
such as a mood stabiliser”.

4 A second psychiatric opinion was taken from Dr Lim Yun Chin, a consultant
psychiatrist at the Raffles Hospital, on the application of defence counsel.
Dr Lim is also a consultant psychiatrist with the Singapore Prison Service’s
medical board. He was of the opinion that the syndrome developed insidiously,
and the appellant was also unaware that alcohol would aggravate his loss of
impulse control. He was of the view that although the appellant’s condition
was irreversible, it could be controlled with drugs, regular psychiatric
assessment, counselling, and psycho-educational programmes. The court below
noted the mitigation put forward on the appellant’s behalf, and the
undertaking by the appellant that he would abstain from alcohol. The court
then referred (at [30] of the grounds of decision) to the three conditions
commonly relied upon by the courts in support of a sentence of life
imprisonment. The conditions are, first, “[t]he offence or offences are in
themselves grave enough to require a very long sentence”; second, if “[i]t
appears from the nature of the offences or from the accused’s history that he
is a person of unstable character likely to commit such offences in the
future”, and third, if “the offences are committed, the consequences to others
may be specially injurious, as in the case of sexual offences or crimes of
violence”: see also _Purwanti Parji v PP_ [2005] 2 SLR 220. The court noted
that the second condition was the most relevant and contentious in the
appellant’s case. It was of the view that although the general deterrence of a
long sentence was less relevant in a case where the offender was suffering
from a mental disorder at the time of the offence, the courts would have to
take into account the protection of the public against such an offender. In
his grounds of decision, the learned judge below commented on the
irreversibility of the appellant’s psychiatric condition and the unlikelihood
of having family support upon his release, unlike the case of the accused in
_PP v Chee Cheong Hin_ [2006] 2 SLR 707, where the three sisters of the
accused deposed that they would help in the rehabilitation and future medical
care of the accused.

5 Mr Andy Yeo, counsel for the appellant, submitted before us that it was due
to an inadvertence that the court below was led to believe that there would be
no family support for the appellant when he was released from prison. He thus
sought leave to adduce evidence from the appellant’s twin brother, Ramziz, his
eldest brother, Aris, and another brother, Anwar. Counsel submitted that
Ramziz was a health-care attendant at the Institute of Mental Health and would
have no difficulty looking after the appellant. Counsel submitted that more
importantly, Ramziz denied that he had told the investigating officer that the
family could not and would not help. Thus, counsel argued that the sentence of
life imprisonment was handed down by the judge in the erroneous belief that
there would be no familial support after the appellant was released from
prison. The two other brothers, Aris and Anwar, deposed affidavits to say that
they would help financially and contribute towards paying for the appellant’s
medication.

6 Counsel for the prosecution referred to the principles expressed by Lord
Denning in _Ladd v Marshall_ [1954] 1 WLR 1489, and submitted that those
principles had been adopted by the court in _Juma’at bin Samad v PP_ [1993] 3
SLR 338 (“ _Juma’at bin Samad_ ”). The learned prosecutor argued that none of
the three conditions in _Ladd v Marshall_ had been satisfied. The conditions
are, first, the non-availability of the evidence in the proceedings below;
second, the evidence would have had an important influence at the trial below;
and third, the evidence must be credible, though not necessarily
incontrovertible. Mr Yeo argued to the contrary, that the conditions in _Ladd
v Marshall_ had been met, and further, that we should allow the evidence under
s 55(1) of the Supreme Court of Judicature Act (Cap 322, 1999 Rev Ed) (“SCJA”)
which provides as follows:

In dealing with any appeal, the Court of Appeal may, if it thinks additional
evidence is necessary, either take such evidence itself or direct it to be
taken by the trial court.

The court in _Juma’at bin Samad_ referred to s 257 of the Criminal Procedure
Code (Cap 68, 1985 Rev Ed) (“CPC”) which provides in similar terms as s 55(1)
and held at 347, [34] that:

The core principle in s 257 of the CPC, after all, is that additional evidence
may be taken if it is necessary, which must mean necessary in the interests of
justice. That said, it must be emphasized in no uncertain terms that such a
situation will arise only in the most extraordinary circumstances.

Section 257 provides as follows:

In dealing with any appeal under this Chapter the High Court, if it thinks
additional evidence is necessary, may either take such evidence itself or
direct it to be taken by a District Court or Magistrate’s Court.

The court in _Juma’at bin Samad_ also referred (at 347, [35]) to the provision
in s 257 as a “narrow exception” and to English cases such as _R v Gatt_
[1963] Crim LR 426, and _R v Parks_ [1961] 1 WLR 1484 that took the view that
the power to adduce evidence which was available at trial would be exercised
if the court felt that there might otherwise be a miscarriage of justice if
leave to adduce such evidence were refused. The rule in s 55(1) of the SCJA
and s 257 of the CPC permitting the appellate court to grant leave to adduce
further evidence to avoid a miscarriage of justice is to be balanced by the
public interest in the finality of trial and ensuring that trials are not
reopened each time evidence that should have been admitted at first instance
was not admitted. Hence, the courts in cases such as _Juma’at bin Samad_ and
_R v_ _Parks_ took a narrow view of the provisions in question and regarded
them as applicable only in “extraordinary circumstances”. We would, however,
emphasise that what is paramount under s 55(1) of the SCJA and s 257 of the
CPC is the question of the relevancy, more specifically, materiality, as well
as the credibility, of the further evidence to be adduced.

7 The present application did not arise from a trial but from proceedings in
which the appellant had indicated that he would not claim trial but plead
guilty to the charge against him. There was no evidence other than that which
had been admitted by way of the statement of facts. Ultimately, the crucial
issue in the proceedings below related only to sentence, which, generally, is
a matter of the judge’s discretion. Although _Ladd v Marshall_ had been used
as a reference, we are mindful that it was a civil case. In criminal cases,
where the standard of proving guilt is higher, s 55(1) and s 257 of the
respective Acts would be the more direct starting points of reference. The
three conditions of _Ladd v Marshall_ may be useful points for consideration
even in a criminal case (after all, they are valid and reasonable
considerations) so long as the court, in considering them, remains mindful of
the higher burden of proving guilt in a criminal case. In a case such as the
present, where the only issue is that of sentence, the question of the burden
of proof does not have the same significance. That is because, traditionally,
counsel has much latitude in what he may say by way of mitigation. In the
unusual event in which a particular fact might be crucial and the court thinks
that that fact is relevant, it may require it to be proved. It is not apparent
or conclusive that the judge below would have required evidence to be taken
had the appellant stated in mitigation that his siblings would look after him,
even if the Prosecution had challenged that statement.

8 In any event, all the material facts had been disclosed to the Defence in
this case. The statement of facts had been given, read and admitted. The
Defence knew that the mitigating factor was the lack of impulse control by
reason of the appellant’s mental condition. It was aware of the prognosis and
the long-term medical treatment that would be required. It was thus incumbent
on the Defence to satisfy the court that if a term of life imprisonment was to
be avoided, there would be family or other support of a reliable nature that
would address the need for the appellant’s long-term medical treatment. The
affidavits produced by the appellant’s counsel after sentence had been passed,
were, in our unanimous view, inadequate. It was not only that those matters
could have been brought out during the mitigation, but the subsequent
affidavits did not seem to us to have sufficiently addressed the point that
the appellant required close supervision. Aris and Anwar pledged financial
support. Ramziz deposed that as a health-care attendant by profession, he
could look after the appellant. Aris stated that he was willing to let the
appellant stay with his family. The affidavits filed did not convince us that
the evidence to be adduced was not previously available or that they were
credible. First, the suggestion of unified support from the siblings was
contrary to the statement of facts that was admitted by the appellant. Counsel
submitted that the Defence was unable to contact the siblings but it seemed
strange to us that the appellant and his siblings, who were subsequently said
to be close, were not in contact with one another. There was also no evidence
that, apart from Ramziz, the other siblings had visited the appellant in
remand. All this went towards the question of the credibility of the further
evidence to be adduced.

9 In the absence of familial support and in the light of the other factors
considered by the court below, like the seriousness of the offence and the
manner in which it was committed, the sentence of life imprisonment was not
inappropriate. For the reasons above, we disallowed the application for
further evidence to be adduced, and also dismissed the appeal proper.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 23 Feb 2007 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

