Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## TC v TD  
[2007] SGHC 130

Case Number | : | DA 7/2007  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 15 August 2007  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Choo Han Teck J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  The appellant in person; The respondent in person   
Parties | : |  TC — TD   
  
[EDITORIAL NOTE: The details of this judgment have been changed to comply with
the Children and Young Persons Act and/or the Women's Charter]

15 August 2007 |  Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Choo Han Teck J:

1 The appellant (“the Husband”) and the respondent (“the Wife”) were married
on 4 January 1979. Divorce proceedings are ongoing and the parties are
presently separated. There are three children to the marriage. The eldest
daughter, MA, is 21 years old this year and is studying in Australia. The two
sons are ages 18 and 14 respectively and are currently residing with the Wife
in Singapore.

2 In MSS 382 of 2006, the Wife applied for an interim order of maintenance
under s 69 of the Women’s Charter (Cap 353, 1997 Rev Ed) (“the Act”). On 26
May 2006, the District Court ordered the Husband to pay the Wife a monthly
maintenance of $6,650.00. Of this amount, $4,650.00 was apportioned as
maintenance for the Wife and the remaining $2,000.00 as maintenance for the
two sons. The District Court also ordered, _inter alia,_ the Husband to
continue paying for MA’s university tuition fees and rental accommodation and
provide MA with a supplementary credit card to cover her living expenses in
Australia. The Order made by the District Court in MSS 382 of 2006 will
hereafter be referred to as “the Maintenance Order”.

3 On 20 October 2006, the Husband filed MSS 5931 of 2006 to vary the
Maintenance Order on two grounds. He sought a downward variation of the
monthly maintenance sum payable from $6,650.00 to $5,000.00. He also applied
to set a monetary limit for the supplementary credit card he provides to MA
for her living expenses in Australia. The District Judge dismissed the
Husband’s application and his grounds of decision can be found at _TC v TD_
[2007] SGDC 117 (“GD”). The Husband appealed against the decision of the
District Judge.

4 The Husband’s application was made on the ground that his salary had
decreased and there was therefore a material change of circumstances. This is
based on s 118 of the Act, which provides:

**Power of court to vary orders for maintenance**

**118.** The court may at any time vary or rescind any subsisting order for
maintenance, whether secured or unsecured, on the application of the person in
whose favour or of the person against whom the order was made, or, in respect
of secured maintenance, of the legal personal representatives of the latter,
where it is satisfied that the order was based on any misrepresentation or
mistake of fact or _where there has been any material change in the
circumstances_.

[emphasis added]

5 The sequence of events leading to the Husband suffering a decrease in salary
is as follows. At the time the Maintenance Order was made, the Husband was
employed by XXX (S) Pte Ltd (“XXX”) and earned a monthly salary of $11,165.00.
XXX was a joint venture between the Husband and one B, a Taiwanese national.

6 The Husband claimed that because the Wife started rumours that XXX was
trading in counterfeit goods, XXX suffered losses between January and June
2006 and as a result, the Husband’s employment was terminated and he ceased to
work for XXX on 30 June 2006. On the very next day, _viz.,_ 1 July 2006, the
Husband found a new job with YYY Pte Ltd (“YYY”). He was employed as a General
Manager and earned a monthly gross salary of $9,685.00. His monthly nett
salary was $8,875.00. The director of YYY was one W, who was the Husband’s
former employee in XXX. It appeared that, until then, YYY was a dormant
company owned by W. After XXX became defunct, B approached W to “revive” YYY
to handle XXX’s Taiwan sales in the region. W thus became the executive
director of YYY, and hired the Husband to assist him in running the business.
The office premises of YYY are those previously occupied by XXX. The Husband’s
letter of employment dated 30 June 2006 was signed by W. It provided _inter
alia_ that YYY would “reimburse [the Husband] on all business related
expenses”. There was a further letter dated 28 November 2006 (“Letter of 28
November 2006”), signed by W, confirming that the Husband “received no further
subsidy or allowance from the company”.

7 During cross-examination by the Wife, the Husband admitted that he had
received a bonus of $12,846.50 on both 28 December 2006 and 29 January 2007.
The District Judge found that this was "heavily inconsistent" with the Letter
of 28 November 2006 in which W had certified that the Husband “received no
further subsidy or allowance from the company”. The District Judge thus found
that the Husband had not been entirely truthful or forthcoming, and doubted
his credibility (see [13] to [15] of GD). As the District Judge was not
satisfied that there had been a material change of circumstances, he dismissed
the Husband’s application.

8 It should be noted that the District Judge also drew an adverse inference
against the Husband because he had not made full and frank disclosure. The
District Judge noted that the Husband had not stated in his affidavit that he
was entitled to bonus or reimbursements which he appeared to be able to incur
without any limit being set either as to their extent or quantum (see [26] of
GD).

**Downward variation of maintenance for the Wife**

9 The Husband’s application to vary maintenance for the Wife will first be
considered. The main issue was whether, pursuant to s 118 of the Act (set out
at [4] above), there had been any material change in the circumstances that
justified a downward variation of maintenance. The Husband’s expenditure from
July 2006 to February 2007, as gleaned from his credit card statements, did
not correspond with his position that he had suffered a material change in
circumstances. It was apparent from these statements that the Husband could
still afford a relatively lavish lifestyle. For instance, in September 2006,
the Husband had spent approximately $6,700.00 on branded goods in Dubai. The
Husband explained that these were duty free items that he had purchased on
behalf of a friend (who had since repaid him) but the District Judge was not
persuaded by this explanation. Indeed, there was no documentary evidence that
supported the Husband’s version of fact. Also, on October 2007, the Husband
purchased a luxury item from MontBlanc for $3,452.61 and on January 2007, the
Husband purchased a camera for $3,460.00 for his hobby. It is also clear from
the credit card statements that the Husband often dined in restaurants.

10 The Husband explained that YYY would reimburse him for all business related
expenses. In support, he produced the Letter of 28 November 2006 (see [6]
above). The Husband also tendered a letter dated 9 March 2007 (“Letter of 9
March 2007”) that stipulated the procedure that had to be followed before
reimbursement was granted. This letter was signed by W and the District Judge
placed little reliance on the letter as he found it to be “self-serving” ([18]
of GD). The District Judge also found that the complainant was “given
considerable leeway to incur large sums of expenses” and had a “veritable free
hand” to supplement his salary by making reimbursement claims ([19] of GD).

11 In my view, the District Judge was justified in finding that there had not
been a material change in circumstances. First, the Husband’s bank statements
show that the reimbursements received by the Husband for his expenses were
sizeable sums. For example, in August 2006 and September 2006, the Husband
received reimbursements of approximately $7,000.00 and $10,049.44
respectively. The District Judge’s finding that the complainant was earning
more than he declared was therefore not unfounded. The circumstances under
which YYY was revived into operation also suggested that the Husband was not a
mere employee as he wished the court to believe. The products marketed by YYY
were the same as those marketed by XXX, where the Husband had once been an
equal joint partner. YYY took over the premises used by XXX and, like XXX,
received its supplies from B. It appeared that YYY was merely running XXX’s
previous business and that the Husband exercised considerable control over the
business. Second, the Husband acknowledged that he received bonuses that would
supplement his income. Indeed, the bonuses he received in December 2006 and
January 2007 were of considerable sums. He was thus not as adversely affected
by the decrease of salary as he wished the court to believe. Finally, as
stated above, the Husband’s lifestyle after his alleged decrease in salary did
not support his argument that he had indeed suffered a material change in
circumstances. The Husband’s appeal on this issue was therefore dismissed.

**Setting a limit for MA’s supplementary credit card**

12 Under paragraph 2 of the Maintenance Order, the Husband is required to
provide a supplementary credit card to cover MA’s living expenses in
Australia. In the present proceedings, the Husband applied for a limit to be
set on MA’s credit card and the District Judge held that a limit of A$2,000.00
should be set.

13 On appeal, the Husband argued that the limit to be set should be reduced to
A$1,000.00. He claimed that he had already remitted various sums of money to
MA’s bank account in Australia which were intended to cover her school fees
and living expenses. In January 2006, a sum of US$26,344.30 (approximately
A$35,000.00) was remitted and on January 2007, a further sum of A$8,000.00 was
remitted. According to him, the understanding was that MA would only use the
supplementary credit card for emergency purposes. He claimed, however, that
since the matrimonial proceedings had commenced, the Wife had been urging MA
to spend freely on the credit card. In my view, the Husband’s position was not
borne out by the Maintenance Order, which stipulated that the supplementary
card was to cover MA’s “living expenses including her transport”. The
Maintenance Order thus did not restrict MA’s use of the credit card to
emergency purposes only. Importantly, as discussed above, the Husband had not
satisfactorily proven a material change of circumstances that would justify a
further variation of the Maintenance Order. Notably, there was no evidence
before me as to whether MA had already spent all the monies remitted in
January 2006 and January 2007. In the absence of evidence that MA still had
access to such monies, there was even less reason to reduce the A$2,000.00
limit set by the District Judge. The Husband’s appeal on this issue was
therefore dismissed.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 15 Aug 2007 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

