Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Lau Yu Man v Wellmix Organics (International) Pte Ltd  
[2007] SGHC 223

Case Number | : | CWU 110/2006, S 2865/2007  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 28 December 2007  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Lee Seiu Kin J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Edwin Lee, Wong Tjen Wee and Daniel Xu (Rajah & Tann) for the plaintiff; Philip Jeyaretnam SC, Elizabeth Yeo and Zhulkarnain Bin Abdul Rahim (Rodyk & Davidson) for the defendant   
Parties | : |  Lau Yu Man — Wellmix Organics (International) Pte Ltd   
  
Companies  
  

28 December 2007 |   
---|---  
  
Lee Seiu Kin J:

1 This is a continuation of a long running saga between the plaintiff (“Lau”)
and, nominally, the defendant company. In actual fact, the plaintiff’s quarrel
is with the persons calling the shots in the company, the general manager Wong
Yiat Hong Raymond (“Wong”) and the majority shareholder, Lai Shit Har (“Lai”)
who is Wong’s mother.

2 I had outlined the background to this matter in my decision in _Lau Yu Man v
Wellmix Organics (International) Pte Ltd_ [2007] SGHC 96 dated 20 June 2007
and refer to my narration of the facts there. In the three concluding
paragraphs at [10], [11] and [12], I had stated as follows:

10 After hearing the submissions of counsel, I was satisfied that the main
object, and therefore the substratum of the Company, was to distribute
fertiliser from the Wellmix Group. It is clear from the affidavits that a
dispute arose between Lau and Wong as to whether the distributorship agreement
covered Malaysia and this had caused a breakdown of their relationship. This
has resulted in the first suit (Suit No 600041/2000) being brought by the
Company against CUDL for supply of defective goods and breach of contract by
attempting to award the Malaysian distributorship to another company, which
the parties refer to as MATTRA. There was a proposed compromise in that
action, with CUDL paying $20,000 to the Company, and Lau withdrawing as
director and transferring his shares. But the Company did not go through with
this proposed compromise, although for some reason it discontinued that
action. Suit No 642/2001 was filed on 26 May 2001. This was a claim against
Lau himself, for breach of duties as director, in particular by getting MATTRA
to deal directly with the Wellmix Group instead of through the Company. The
Company claims substantial damages in its claim against Lau in that action.
However it is hampered by a lack of resources as Lau was the main financier
and, combined with the long interlocutory battles that have dragged the case
over five years, the Company has reached breaking point in terms of its
ability to continue the suit.

11 The other side of the coin is that the Company had transacted no business
after December 2000. Clearly it has suspended business since 2001. The Company
was being kept alive to sustain the action against Lau. Although Lai and Wong
claim that the Company was active in that it received mail etc, it is clear
that there is no intention to conduct business. Its only asset is the claim
against Lau. Under these circumstances, the condition for ordering winding up
under s 254(1)(c) has been met, i.e. the Company has suspended business for a
whole year – in fact it has been more than five years as at the date of filing
of this Originating Summons. However s 254(1) provides that the court “may”
order winding up; the court has the discretion not to do so where appropriate.
The issue before me is how I should exercise this discretion. The Company is
in disarray. It is not operated as a company. But ordering its winding up will
suppress a claim by an impecunious plaintiff (the Company in Suit No
642/2001). The parties have not submitted to me on the strength of the
Company’s claim against Lau. I therefore made my decision on the basis that
there is a claim and there is a defence. In order to assuage my concerns as to
whether winding up would suppress a meritorious claim, counsel for Lau gave
the undertaking on behalf of Lau that he would seek from the Liquidator only
costs going forward if the Liquidator decides to proceed with Suit No
642/2001. On the other hand, I was mindful that with a winding up an extra
layer of costs would be added to the process: that of the Liquidator. This
would in effect diminish the chance of the Company pursuing its claim against
Lau, even if it is a good one.

12 This is a difficult case. On the one hand there is the interest of Lau as
contributor. On the other hand there is the interest of Lai, as main
shareholder of a company whose only asset is the claim. Counsel for the
Company suggested that I could set a deadline for the Company to make good all
defaults in compliance with the Companies Act and Regulations. This would
substantially take care of Lau’s interest in the winding up. Taking into
account all the circumstances of the case, I was of the view that the
appropriate order to make at this stage was what counsel for the Company had
suggested, i.e. imposing a condition on the Company to file audited accounts
within four months, to rectify all previous breaches and comply with the
requirements of the Act. I accordingly ordered the application to be adjourned
with liberty to Lau to apply for a winding up order after 5 June 2007, if the
Company failed to rectify those breaches or failed to comply with the Act by
that date, with costs reserved.

3 The above order was made on 5 February 2007, in effect giving the company
four months to rectify matters. Five months later, on 4 July 2007, the company
filed Summons No 2865 of 2007 praying for the following orders:

1 That an extension of time of 4 months be granted to the Defendants to file
audited accounts of the Company to rectify all the Company’s previous breaches
and comply with the requirements of the Companies Act (Cap.50);

2 That the winding up application be adjourned for a further 4 months with
liberty for the Plaintiff to apply for a winding [up] order if the Company
fails to rectify those breaches or fails to comply with the Companies Act.

4 From the affidavit filed by Wong in support of this application, it would
appear that even five months after I had exercised my discretion in his
favour, he had not managed to rectify matters. Wong said that he had tried his
best to ensure compliance with the court order but encountered a lot of
difficulties. The documents required for the purposes of the auditing process
were extensive and numerous. Almost two months were spent gathering and
verifying such documents, which were contained in more than 80 arch lever
files. Throughout this period he only had the assistance of a part-timer as
this was all he could afford. Around March 2007 the original auditor of the
company, Robert Tan & Company told him that it was facing a shortage of
manpower and would not be able to complete the audit within the deadline.
However Wong exhibited a letter of resignation from the auditor dated 12 June
2007. It is surprising that the auditor took some three months to write this
letter. It is also surprising that Robert Tan & Company resigned as auditor a
week after the deadline of 5 June 2007.

5 Be that as it may, I move on to what Wong said he did about the situation.
He said that between March and June 2007 he tried to get another auditor. One
such firm he approached was Baker Tilly TFWLCL (“Baker”). However the period
was also the peak period for most auditing firms because of tax and audit
deadlines in June and July. Wong said that Baker declined at the outset
because they were not confident that they could complete the audit by 5 June
2007. Wong also added that because “the Company was financially constrained, I
had to spend a considerable amount of time to look for firms that offered an
affordable price”.

6 After a long search, Wong managed to instruct, with great persuasion, the
firm of Wong Sook Yee & Company. He exhibited a letter from that firm dated 29
June 2007 explaining the difficulties involved and why an extension of time
was needed. The letter stated that they would require up to the end of
September 2007 to complete the audit.

7 I was not satisfied that Wong had diligently gone about complying with the
indulgence that I had granted to him on 5 February 2007. Further he had
admitted in his affidavit that he had some difficulty with funds to comply
with the order. It had not entirely escaped my notice that the application for
extension of time was filed only on 4 July 2007, one month after the 4 June
2007 deadline. I should point out that on 5 February 2007 when the issue
before me was whether I should exercise my discretion in favour of the
company, it was counsel for the company who proposed a four-month period for
the company to rectify matters. I did not reduce it at all. As I have stated
in the concluding paragraph of my grounds of decision of 20 June 2007, this
has been a difficult case and a finely balanced matter. On 5 February 2007 it
seemed to me that it would tilt in the company’s favour if I gave it four
months to comply. In the circumstances that obtained on 16 July 2007,
particularly in view of the fact that Wong had been given his chance and not
only was he unable to seize it, I was not convinced that he made much effort
to do so. In the circumstances I was of the view that the best course of
action would be to order the winding up of the company rather than delay it
any further. Accordingly I refused the company’s application in the summons. I
subsequently adjourned the hearing to open court and ordered the company to be
wound up under s 254(1)(c) of the Companies Act (Cap 50, 2006 Rev Ed).

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 28 Dec 2007 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

