Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## NK v NL  
[2007] SGCA 35

Case Number | : | CA 86/2006  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 19 July 2007  
Tribunal/Court | : | Court of Appeal  
Coram | : |  Andrew Ang J; Chan Sek Keong CJ; Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Yap Whye Tzu Luna (Luna Yap & Co) and Lee Mong Jen (M J Lee & Associates) for the appellant; Deborah Barker SC, Anparasan s/o Kamachi (KhattarWong) and Sarbrinder Singh (Kertar & Co) for the respondent   
Parties | : |  NK — NL   
  
Family Law – Custody – Care and control – Welfare of child as paramount
consideration  
  
Family Law – Maintenance – Wife – Need to achieve financial preservation so
far as practicable and reasonable – Sections 114(1), 114(2) Women's Charter
(Cap 353, 1997 Rev Ed)  
  
Family Law – Matrimonial assets – Division – Methodology for division – Basic
principles – Role of direct contributions – Role of indirect contributions –
Duty of full and frank disclosure – Sections 112(1), 112(2), 112(10) Women's
Charter (Cap 353, 1997 Rev Ed)  
  

[EDITORIAL NOTE: The details of this judgment have been changed to comply with
the Children and Young Persons Act and/or the Women's Charter]

19 July 2007 |  Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA (delivering the judgment of the court):

**Introduction**

1 This is an appeal by the wife against the orders made by the trial judge
(“the Judge”) in respect of division of matrimonial assets, maintenance and
custody of the children (see _NK v NL_ [2006] SGHC 204) (“the GD”)).

**Background**

2 The parties were married on 10 July 1982, when the wife and husband were 19
and 23 years old, respectively. There are four children to the marriage, two
of whom, A and B, are under the age of majority. The marriage was dissolved on
3 May 2005 when a decree _nisi_ was granted on an amended petition and cross-
petition.

3 At the time of the marriage, the husband was a director of his family’s fish
import and export business, TFA, in which the wife claimed to have helped
since 1984. She was paid a token salary of $300. In 1985, the wife started a
florist business with her sister-in-law in order to supplement the family’s
income which suffered as a result of deterioration of the family business. In
1986, at the husband’s behest, the wife registered a sole proprietorship, EAF,
to which the husband was added as a partner in the early 1990s. This business
is still subsisting, although dormant. In 1994, the husband incorporated
another company, TFI, and became the managing director. The wife was made a
director of TFI on 1 January 1997 and was given 10% of the shareholdings in
the company while the husband held the rest. Prior to the wife resigning from
her job in November 2004, she was working as an administrative officer in TFI,
for which she was paid a salary of $2,800. TFI is the sole proprietor of
another business, SAN, which is alleged to have no value.

4 In 1993, the parties purchased a property (“the matrimonial home”) in their
joint names at the price of $1.31m. At the time of the hearing of the
ancillary matters (see [7] below), the matrimonial home was valued at $1.2m to
$1.3m. The matrimonial home was financed partly by ploughing in profits made
from the sale of two earlier properties the parties owned: a Housing and
Development Board flat at Pasir Ris (“the first property”) and a terrace house
at Elias Road (“the second property”). There is no documentary evidence
regarding the quantum of profits made from the sale of the said two
properties, although the wife contended that the total profits amounted to
$400,000 ($100,000 from the first property and $300,000 from the second
property). In addition, the husband contributed $440,332.55 (about 33.6% of
the purchase price) from his Central Provident Fund (“CPF”) savings, whilst
the wife contributed $94,200 (about 7.19% of the purchase price) from her CPF
savings. The remainder of the purchase price was financed with a loan from the
Standard Chartered Bank, which has since been fully paid off by the husband.

5 The husband had numerous bank accounts with amounts totalling $1,016,128.61
at the time of the decree _nisi_ , and CPF savings of $57,590.19, $39,940.00
and $56,606.55 in his ordinary, Medisave and special accounts, respectively.
The wife had cash in five bank accounts totalling $22,500.80 and CPF savings
of $49,354.41, $60,500.00 and $24,067.55 in her ordinary, Medisave and special
accounts, respectively. There was much dispute over the quantum of the
husband’s personal cash assets available for distribution. In this regard, the
wife tendered bank statements as of 2004, which revealed that the husband’s
cash and time deposits with banks (in local and foreign currencies) totalled
$5,065,299.29.

6 In addition, the husband has two life insurance policies for the benefit of
his estate and family, two Mercedes Benz motor cars, and three club
memberships (at Warren Country Club, Chinese Swimming Club and Raffles Town
Club, respectively).

**The trial judge’s order**

7 At the ancillary hearing on 20 July 2006, the Judge made the following
orders:

(a) the wife was to execute a transfer of her interest in the matrimonial home
in favour of the husband, who was to pay the wife a sum of $300,000
representing her share of the matrimonial property;

(b) the transfer of the matrimonial property was to be effected within 30 days
from the date of the order of court;

(c) the husband was to transfer to the wife the title to a Mercedes Benz
vehicle and pay off the outstanding hire purchase instalments;

(d) the husband was to pay the wife a sum of $515,000 in ten equal monthly
instalments of $51,500 with effect from 1 October 2006 being the wife’s share
of the other matrimonial assets;

(e) the husband and wife were to have joint custody of the two youngest
children of the marriage, _viz_ , A (aged 17) and B (aged 14) while the
husband was to have care and control of B until she completed her “O” level
examinations;

(f) the husband was to continue paying for the education and living expenses
of A until she completed her tertiary education in the US, and B so long as
she studied and completed her education in Singapore;

(g) the wife was to have reasonable access to B as long as she resided in
Singapore;

(h) the husband was to pay a monthly maintenance sum of $3,600 to the wife to
be credited directly into the wife’s bank account; and

(i) the wife was to be paid $50,000 of the husband’s CPF savings in his
ordinary account when the husband attained 55 years of age pending which there
would be a charge on the husband’s CPF account for the amount.

8 The wife was dissatisfied and appealed against all the orders made by the
Judge. The parties’ arguments cover a wide spectrum of issues relating to the
division of matrimonial assets, the maintenance of a former wife, as well as
custody, care and control of the children. In the interests of clarity, each
of these issues will be discussed separately.

**Issues on appeal**

9 The main focus in the present appeal related to the division of matrimonial
assets as follows:

(a) whether the Judge erred by failing to take into account the profits from
the sale proceeds of previous properties;

(b) whether the Judge erred in failing to include TFI and its related
companies in the pool of matrimonial assets;

(c) whether the Judge erred in quantifying the cash assets available for
distribution; and

(d) whether there should be a charge for the sum of $50,000 on the husband’s
CPF accounts.

10 The remaining issues can be framed as follows:

(a) whether the Judge’s maintenance order of $3,600 was inadequate; and

(b) whether the Judge erred in awarding care and control of B to the husband
until she completed her “O” level examinations, with reasonable access to the
wife as long as the wife resided in Singapore.

**Our decision**

**_Introduction_**

11 We note that the proceedings below were chequered by a host of bitter
allegations made by the parties against one another. Accusations of infidelity
and irresponsibility were rampant as each tried to vilify the other while
downplaying their personal indiscretions. In any event, as rightly noted by
the Judge, the alleged adulterous behaviour of both parties, even if true, was
irrelevant to the determination of the ancillaries.

12 In the light of our current “no fault” basis of divorce law, it would serve
no purpose to dwell on the question of who did what, save where there might be
a direct impact on the legal issues proper (such as a particular party’s
capacity to contribute towards the matrimonial assets or to care for his or
her children). Instead, the primary objective of the law is to facilitate this
transitional period of emotional upheaval for all parties concerned, not least
the children. The salutary objectives sought to be achieved by the ancillary
orders of division of matrimonial assets, maintenance of a former wife and
custody of the children remain paramount in guiding our review of the Judge’s
ancillary orders.

**_Division of matrimonial assets_**

_Methodology for division_

(1) Introduction

13 Before proceeding to consider the specific issues arising in the present
appeal, several clarifications relating to the appropriate methodology for the
division of matrimonial assets would be pertinent.

14 By way of preliminary observation, it would be helpful to briefly highlight
the legislative history of our current provisions, in order to obtain a
glimpse into the rationale underlying the current statutory language and
perhaps an insight into the current practices of our courts.

15 To begin with, the Women’s Charter (Cap 353, 1997 Rev Ed) (the “Act”),
enacted in 1961, was (as the terminology suggests) designed to protect the
rights and interests of women in Singapore. Over the years, the Act has
evolved to protect various social interests, such as the welfare of children
and the institution of marriage, and to regulate the legal effects of a
dissolution of marriage. Recent amendments further extend protection to the
family, define the equal status and obligations of the husband and wife, and
give the court greater powers to deal with incidents of family violence.

16 The objective of the current provision for the division of matrimonial
assets appears to be to strengthen its predecessor provision, to widen the
court’s powers and to give it the flexibility to effect a more just and
equitable division after taking into consideration all the circumstances of
the case: see generally _Report of the Select Committee on the Women’s Charter
(Amendment) Bill_ _[Bill No 5/96]_ (Parl 3 of 1996, presented to Parliament on
15 August 1996). Indeed, the current enactment was described by the Minister
of Community Development (see _Singapore Parliamentary Debates, Official
Report_ (2 May 1996) vol 66 at col 91) thus:

[T]he new provisions will in fact benefit rather than put women at a
disadvantage. The proposed provisions will not put a woman, who is a full-time
home-maker or a working and contributing party, in a worse off position. It
will not. In fact, a working and contributing woman will be better off under
the proposed amendments, as the courts can now also take into consideration
her home-making efforts, regardless of the extent of her contribution to the
assets. This would provide for a fairer distribution of assets than the
current provisions.

17 A comparative analysis of the past and present provisions does indeed
reflect the enlarged and clarified circumstances which the court should take
into consideration. There was, at that time, a latent fear that the then
prevailing broad discretionary powers of s 112 of the Act would result in
discrepancies in the division of matrimonial assets by the courts (see
_Singapore Parliamentary Debates, Official Report_ (2 May 1996) vol 66 at col
73). A decade later, how do the current practices of our courts gel with the
basic principles underlying the provision?

(2) Basic principles

18 The starting point for any division of matrimonial assets is s 112(1) of
the Act which provides that:

The court shall have power, when granting or subsequent to the grant of a
judgment of divorce, judicial separation or nullity of marriage, to order the
division between the parties of _any matrimonial asset_ or the sale of any
such asset and the division between the parties of the proceeds of the sale of
any such asset in such proportions as the court thinks _just and equitable_.
[emphasis added]

19 The broad conferment of judicial discretion is necessarily limited by s
112(10) of the Act, which _defines_ a matrimonial asset as:

...

(_a_) any asset acquired before the marriage by one party or both parties to
the marriage —

(i) ordinarily used or enjoyed by both parties or one or more of their
children while the parties are residing together for shelter or transportation
or for household, education, recreational, social or aesthetic purposes; or

(ii) which has been substantially improved during the marriage by the other
party or by both parties to the marriage; and

(_b_) any other asset of any nature acquired during the marriage by one party
or both parties to the marriage,

but does not include any asset (not being a matrimonial home) that has been
acquired by one party at any time by gift or inheritance and that has not been
substantially improved during the marriage by the other party or by both
parties to the marriage.

20 Section 112(2) of the Act enumerates a list of factors to be considered to
assist the court in deciding whether to exercise its powers under s 112(1),
and, if so, in what manner. These considerations are not exhaustive and are
subject to the overriding impetus of what is _just and equitable_ in all the
circumstances of the case. The division of matrimonial assets under the Act is
founded on the prevailing ideology of marriage as an equal co-operative
partnership of efforts. The contributions of both spouses are equally
recognised whether he or she concentrates on the economics or homemaking role,
as both roles must be performed equally well if the marriage is to flourish.
When the marriage breaks up, these contributions are translated into economic
assets in the distribution according to s 112(2) of the Act. However, by this
time, as noted by MPH Rubin J in the Singapore High Court decision of _Nam Wen
Jet Bernadette v Tham Khai Meng_ [1996] 3 SLR 442 (“ _Nam Wen Jet Bernadette_
”) at 455, [46], citing Lord Upjohn in the House of Lords decision of
_National Provincial Bank Ltd v Ainsworth_ [1965] AC 1175 at 1236, “the
spouses’ financial affairs [will] have become so inextricably tangled that an
equitable knife must be used to sever the ‘Gordian knot’”.

21 Against this legislative backdrop, several observations relating to the
current practice of the courts in dividing matrimonial assets are pertinent.
The discretionary power conferred by s 112 of the Act admittedly allows the
court much needed room to exercise the power fairly in the multifarious
concatenation of facts that can present themselves. Nonetheless, some
principled guidance is necessary for the courts to manoeuvre the strait
between the Scylla of immutable rules and the Charybdis of unfettered
discretion.

(3) Role of direct contributions

22 The first issue relates to the proper role of _direct_ contributions in the
matrix of the division of matrimonial assets.

23 The traditional approach is to consider direct contributions as a _prima
facie_ starting point before making adjustments to reflect the non-financial
contribution of the parties (see, for example, _Tan Bee Giok v Loh Kum Yong_
[1997] 1 SLR 153 (“ _Tan Bee Giok_ ”) at [47]). This prevalent approach of the
courts held sway under the former s 106 of the Women’s Charter (Cap 353, 1985
Rev Ed) where the underlying spirit of s 106(2) was to lean towards equality
subject to the considerations mentioned therein. This appears to be the
approach adopted by the Judge in the present case. Some commentators have
since contended that the traditional approach should apply with equal force
under the new s 112 of the Act, which removes the reference to equality (see,
for example, Naina Parwani, “Division of Property”, _The Singapore Law
Gazette_ (April 2000) at pp 16–18).

24 With respect, we are unable to agree. The traditional approach was
considered in the Singapore High Court decision of _Soh Chan Soon v Tan Choon
Yock_ [1998] SGHC 204 by Warren L H Khoo J, who interpreted direct financial
contributions as only one factor amidst the multifarious factors for
consideration (at [6]–[7] and [9]), as follows:

As I said, the learned district judge went meticulously into the arithmetics
of how much money each party contributed towards the acquisition of the flat,
and came to the percentages she did. In doing this, [her] [H]onour no doubt
followed the approach in some reported cases (including some from the High
Court). Without intending any criticism, however, I would only say that in the
vast majority of the run-of-the-[m]ill cases that come before the courts, for
the purpose of arriving at a just and fair division of the matrimonial assets,
it is _not particularly helpful to try to ascertain, sometimes in the face of
conflicting evidence, the exact amount of money that each party has put in
directly for the acquisition of the family home_.

In the usual situation of a couple with limited means striving to raise a
family and building up a home, each party will in the normal course make his
or her contribution in monetary or non-monetary terms. If both are working and
earning an income, the wife, for example, may pay for the daily household
expenses and the children’s needs while the husband may pay the down payment
for a flat and the monthly repayments of the mortgage. It cannot in justice be
said that the wife does not indirectly contribute to the equity in the flat.
In a relationship ruled by the heart rather than the head, she would not keep
accounts of what she has expended for the family. When it comes to dividing
the family assets in the unfortunate event of a divorce, it _would not be
right to start from the basis that the party who is shown by documentary
evidence to have made direct monetary contribution to the equity of the family
home should be treated as having made a greater contribution than the other
party_.

…

_There is a touch of artificiality in such cases to use as the starting point
in a division of the matrimonial assets the amount of money each party has
contributed directly towards the acquisition of the home_. This ignores the
indirect contributions, monetary and otherwise, most of which are incapable of
any meaningful ascertainment either because no record was kept or because the
nature of the contribution is irreducible into monetary terms.

[emphasis added]

25 These observations were cited with approval in the Singapore High Court
decision of _Louis Pius Gilbert v Louis Anne Lise_ [2000] 1 SLR 274 by Goh
Joon Seng J and considered in the (also) Singapore High Court decision of _Yow
Mee Lan v Chen Kai Buan_ [2000] 4 SLR 466 by Judith Prakash J, who emphasised
(at [32]) that a party’s financial contributions to the acquisition of any
particular matrimonial asset could not be primarily determinative of how it
was divided, and that the court was free to give as much weight or more to
other non-financial factors. Prakash J further held (at [43]) that:

[M]arriage is not a business where, generally, parties receive an economic
reward commensurate with their economic input. It is a union in which the
husband and wife work together for their common good and the good of their
children. Each of them uses (or should use) his or her abilities and efforts
for the welfare of the family and contributes whatever he or she is able to.
The partners often have unequal abilities whether as parents or as income
earners but, as between them, this disparity of roles and talent should not
result in unequal rewards where the contributions are made consistently and
over a long period of time.

26 Prakash J’s approach was unequivocally endorsed by this court in _Lim Choon
Lai v Chew Kim Heng_ [2001] 3 SLR 225, where L P Thean JA, who delivered the
judgment of the court, stated as follows (at [14]):

In our respectful view, the approach adopted by Judith Prakash J in _Yow Mee
Lan v Chen Kai Buan_ [2000] 4 SLR 466 is correct. In determining a ‘just and
equitable’ division of matrimonial assets under s 112(1) of the Women’s
Charter, the court must, as directed by s 112(2), have regard to all the
relevant circumstances of the case at hand, and in particular the matters
enumerated in that subsection, in so far as they are applicable, and on that
basis determine what a ‘just and equitable’, division should be. The matters
enumerated there comprise both financial and non-financial contributions made
by the parties. _Where financial contributions are concerned, the court must,
of course, take into account the sums contributed by each party_ ; these are
the matters specifically mentioned in paras (a) and (b) of s 112(2). However,
_this does not mean that the court should engage in a meticulous investigation
and take an account of every minute sum each party has paid or incurred in the
acquisition of the matrimonial assets and/or discharge of any obligation for
the benefit of any member of the family, and then make exact calculations of
each party’s contributions_. The court must necessarily take a broader view
than that. As for the non-financial contributions, they also play an important
role, and depending on the circumstances of the case, they can be just as
important. At the end of the day, taking into account both the financial and
non-financial contributions, the court would adopt a broad-brush approach to
the issue and make a determination on the basis of what the court considers as
a ‘just and equitable’ division. [emphasis added]

27 These clarifications unequivocally reiterate the duty of the court to
remain cognisant of the limitations of using the parties’ direct financial
contributions as a starting point. This is eminently sensible as direct
financial contributions alone are far from determinative of the _actual_
contributions to the economic partnership as a whole. Three points of guidance
can be added. First, the abolition of the s 106 distinction between joint and
sole acquisition of assets paves the way for the court to put financial and
non-financial contributions on an equal footing. Where before, a spouse’s
financial contribution by paying for the property was dominant in determining
the proportions of division, it is now only one among many factors for
consideration (and see Leong Wai Kum, “The Just and Equitable Division of
Gains Between Equal Former Partners in Marriage” [2000] Sing JLS 208 at 209).
It is therefore the duty of the court to recognise the reality of family
dynamics and to give due weight to all indirect contributions of the other
party which are by their nature not reducible to monetary terms. This is, in
fact, a point which we will elaborate upon below (at [34]).

28 Secondly, it is essential that courts resist the temptation to lapse into a
minute scrutiny of the conduct and efforts of both spouses, which may be
objectionable in disadvantaging the spouse whose efforts are difficult to
evaluate in financial terms. Section 112 of the Act was enacted in response to
the concept of marriage as an equal partnership of efforts, such that it would
be counterproductive to try and particularise each party’s respective
contribution to wealth creation (although this does _not_ , as we have
recently emphasised in _Lock Yeng Fun v Chua Hock Chye_ [2007] SGCA 33 (“
_Lock Yeng Fun_ ”) signify equality as a starting-point or norm in the
division of matrimonial assets). In the absence of documentary evidence,
courts must indeed make a “rough and ready approximation” (see _Hoong Khai
Soon v Cheng Kwee Eng_ [1993] 3 SLR 34 (“ _Hoong Khai Soon_ ”) at 40, [17])
and avoid falling back on the view that favours financial contribution to the
acquisition of property. To borrow the words of Rubin J in _Nam Wen Jet
Bernadette_ ([20] _supra_) at 455, [45], “it would not profit either party to
embark on an exercise with a view to determine with mathematical precision the
amount of their respective contributions”. And, in a similar vein, L P Thean
JA, in a decision of this court in _Ng Hwee Keng v Chia Soon Hin William_
[1995] 2 SLR 231, observed (at 241, [28]) that division is “not a pure
exercise in arithmetic that would yield some degree of exactitude and
certainty”. This court also recently observed, in _Lock Yeng Fun_ thus (at
[33]–[35]):

It is axiomatic that the division of matrimonial property under s 112 of the
Act is not – and, by its very nature, cannot be – a precise mathematical
exercise. As was recently pointed out in the Singapore High Court decision of
_Chen Siew Hwee v Low Kee Guan_ [2006] 4 SLR 605 at [66]:

It is now widely acknowledged that the court’s discretion is to be exercised
in broad strokes rather than by way of an unrealistic mathematical approach
(see _Halsbury’s Laws of Singapore_ [vol 11 (LexisNexis, 2006 Reissue, 2006)]
at paras 130.757 and 130.759, citing the Singapore High Court decision of _Koo
Shirley v Mok Kong Chua Kenneth_ [1989] SLR 342 and the Singapore Court of
Appeal decision of _Yeong Swan Ann v Lim Fei Yen_ [1999] 1 SLR 651). The focus
is also on achieving a fair and reasonable division (see _Halsbury’s Laws of
Singapore_ at paras 130.760 and 130.761). All this is undoubtedly not only
consistent with the existing case law but is also both logical and
commonsensical. But there is no substitute for a careful consideration of all
the relevant facts and factors in the case at hand.

Even more recently, V K Rajah J (as he then was) observed, in a similar vein,
in the Singapore High Court decision of _NI v NJ_ [2007] 1 SLR 75, as follows
(at [18]):

The division of matrimonial assets is a subject to be approached with a
certain latitude; it calls for the application of sound discretion rather than
a purely rigid or mathematical formulae. All relevant circumstances should be
assessed objectively and holistically. Generally speaking, however, when a
marriage ends a wife is entitled to an equitable share of the assets she has
helped to acquire directly or indirectly.

Reference may also be made to the observations of this court in _Lim Choon
Lai_ _v Chew Kim Heng_ [2001] 3 SLR 225 …

29 Finally, it is paramount that courts do not focus merely on a direct and
indirect contributions dichotomy in arriving at a just and equitable division
of matrimonial assets. The various factors enumerated by s 112(2) of the Act,
which are no less important, must be duly assessed and considered as a whole.
At the end of the day, no one factor should be determinative as the court’s
mandate is to come to a _just and equitable division_ of the matrimonial
assets having regard to _all the circumstances of the case_. At this juncture,
it would be appropriate to append several observations regarding “indirect
contributions”, an apparently self-explanatory term which unfortunately belies
the nuanced and diverse methods of determining a just and equitable division
of matrimonial assets.

(4) Role of indirect contributions

(A) INTRODUCTION AND APPROACHES

30 The second issue relates to the attribution of indirect contributions to
the division of the matrimonial assets. A survey of the case law reveals two
distinct methodologies.

31 The first methodology consists of four distinct phases: _viz_
identification, assessment, division and apportionment (“the global assessment
methodology”). According to this approach, the court’s duty is to (a) identify
and pool all the matrimonial assets pursuant to s 112(10) of the Act; (b)
assess the net value of the pool of assets; (c) determine a just and equitable
division in the light of all the circumstances of the case; and (d) decide on
the most convenient way to achieve these proportions of division, _ie_ ,how
the order of division should be satisfied from the assets (see Leong Wai Kum,
_Principles of Family Law in Singapore_ (Butterworths Asia, 1997) at p 895).
Pursuant to this approach, the percentage for indirect contributions is
applied without distinction to _all_ matrimonial assets (see, for example,
_Ryan v Berger_ [2001] 1 SLR 419 at [24]; and _Tham Lai Hoong v Fong Weng Sun
Peter Vincent_ [2002] 4 SLR 464 (“ _Tham Lai Hoong_ ”) at [12]).

32 The second methodology, on the other hand, involves an assimilation of all
four of the above steps into a broad judicial discretion which, in the first
instance, separately considers and divides _classes_ of matrimonial assets
(“the classification methodology”). Pursuant to this method, the court
apportions classes of matrimonial assets separately, for example, the
matrimonial home, cash in bank accounts, shares, and businesses, _etc_. Any
direct financial contributions and indirect contributions are considered in
relation to _each_ class of assets, rather than by way of a global assessment
(see, for example, _NI v NJ_ [2007] 1 SLR 75).

33 There is much to be said for either method, both of which are consistent
with the legislative framework provided by s 112 of the Act, which does not
specify how the court should sequence the decisions involved in an application
for the division of matrimonial assets. Nonetheless, the adoption of either
methodology must be underscored by a principled approach. In this regard, four
inter-related issues bear clarification. Before proceeding to consider these
issues, it should be noted that the decision in this appeal itself illustrates
the _dynamic_ _interaction_ between these two methodologies and (more
importantly) the fact that neither methodology is superior to the other. In
the final analysis, the facts and circumstances of the case at hand are of
primary importance. Further, regardless of the methodology adopted, the
paramount aim is to ensure that the matrimonial assets concerned are divided
in a _just and equitable_ manner (as aptly laid down in s 112(1) of the Act
itself). The court should apply the methodology that leads to this result. For
this reason, this court will, in the present appeal, adopt what is in effect
“the classification methodology”, as we are of the opinion that “the global
assessment methodology” will not achieve the Legislature’s aim of justice and
equity. This will require us to consider the matrimonial home and the
remaining matrimonial assets separately, not least because of the special
circumstances that arose (in particular, the adverse inference drawn against
the husband regarding the quantum of cash assets available for distribution).

(B) THE NEED TO GIVE FULL CREDIT AND VALUE TO INDIRECT CONTRIBUTIONS

34 A related point, which is of special importance where one spouse (often the
wife) has devoted his or her entire time to the family over a lengthy period
of time, is to ensure that indirect contributions are _not undervalued_. We
have dealt with this particular issue recently and reiterate the proposition
laid down in that case, as follows (see _Lock Yeng Fun_ ([28] _supra_ at
[39]):

In this regard, we also endorse the following views expressed by Debbie Ong
Siew Ling & Valerie Thean, “Family Law”, (2005) 6 SAL Ann Rev 259 at para
13.31:

It could be contended that in most cases where one party experiences great
financial success, the other often bears a heavy burden in respect of the
children and home; in some cases this entails the sacrifice of any potential
for career development. Non-financial contributions are impossible to measure,
and success on that front, intangible and difficult to define. It is hoped
that this would not stand in the way of courts according due regard to the
fact that the financial aspect is but one facet of the many demands that
husband and wife must have weathered if a family has had many years together.

Our examination of the case law shows that the courts might not have given
sufficient recognition to the value of factors like homemaking, parenting and
husbandry when attributing to them a financial value in the division of
matrimonial assets. This ought _not_ to be the case. It is true that, by their
very nature, such kinds of contributions to the marriage are, as pointed out
in the quotation above, difficult to measure because they are, intrinsically,
incapable of being measured in precise financial terms (we assume that this is
what the authors meant when they said that such contributions were impossible
to measure). Difficulty in measuring the financial value of such contributions
has never been – and ought never to be – an obstacle to giving the spouse
concerned his or her just and equitable share of the matrimonial assets that
is commensurate with his or her contributions, taking into account (of course)
the other relevant contributions and factors.

[emphasis in original]

(C) PERMISSIBLE VARIANCE IN ATTRIBUTION

35 To begin with, it must be emphasised that, pursuant to “the classification
methodology”, only the direct contributions may vary. The element of indirect
contributions in the context of homemaking and child caring must necessarily
remain constant in relation to each class of asset. On this note, it would
seem that this (classification) approach would be appropriate where there are
multiple classes of assets, and where the parties have made different
contributions. Without prejudicing the broad discretion conferred by the Act,
it would appear in this instance that it might be more principled and
conducive to a fair and equitable division to consider the assets in classes,
taking into account the differing financial contributions, rather than as a
vast conglomerate of assets. In the vast majority of other cases, however,
_either_ approach would likely achieve the same result.

36 Regardless of which approach is adopted, a holistic assessment of all the
circumstances of the case must be undertaken. It would be contrary to the
letter and spirit of the legislative scheme to embark on a mathematical
calculation in a fruitless attempt to ascertain and attribute the “correct”
percentage to each party’s actual contribution. As already mentioned (at [28]
above), division of matrimonial assets is not a mechanistic accounting
procedure reflected in the form of an arid and bloodless balance sheet. The
final decision (again as emphasised above at [29] and [33]) must remain
governed by the “just and equitable” formula.

(D) HUSBAND’S INDIRECT CONTRIBUTIONS

37 As a point of principle, we note that there has been hardly any discussion
concerning the husband’s indirect contributions towards homemaking and child
caring. While it may be that in the vast majority of cases the indirect
contributions of the sole breadwinner pale in comparison to those of the
homemaker wife, this should not simply be assumed to be the case. Particularly
in our modern societal context, where both parties work to support the family
– an inevitable result of the current equal education opportunities – we see
no reason why the husband’s indirect contributions to the welfare of the
family should not be considered in the process of division. The objective of s
112 of the Act is to remedy any economic prejudice caused by the performance
of different roles in the family, not to asymmetrically enrich the wife on the
basis of the stereotypical role that women are perceived to play. Each case
must therefore be dealt with on its unique facts. Where each spouse has
discharged his or her homemaking role equally (although this would be rare),
this must be taken into account in achieving a just apportionment. There is,
in fact, also case law authority for such an approach (see the Singapore High
Court decision of _Chan Yeong Keay v Yeo Mei Ling_ [1994] 2 SLR 541).

(E) EXCLUSION OF PARTICULAR MATRIMONIAL ASSETS

38 The fourth sub-issue relates to the practice of dividing only a portion of
the matrimonial assets and leaving the others to be retained by the parties.
Such a practice was considered in _Tham Lai Hoong_ ([31] _supra_ at [12]) by
Lee Seiu Kin JC (as he then was), as follows:

What the district judge did was to order distribution of the matrimonial home
only, leaving the other assets of the parties to be retained by them. While I
do not say that it is not possible to make an order in this manner, it seems
to me that this approach makes it more difficult for the court to arrive at
the correct order. In my view the better way to approach the task would be
first of all to set out and add up the values, or estimated values, of all the
matrimonial assets. Then the court should proceed to compute the direct
contributions made by each party. These are, after all, numerical computations
which are relatively easy to ascertain. With these numbers out of the way, the
court can then proceed with what is really the most difficult part of the
exercise, _ie_ the determination of a just and equitable division in the light
of all the circumstances of the case, including the matters listed in s
112(2). Having decided on the division, it then becomes a simple matter again
to decide who should keep what asset and what others should be sold. To
exclude some assets from this consideration could contribute to a
misapprehension in the mind of the judge as to the extent of the matrimonial
assets as well as extent of each party’s contribution thereto.

39 We agree with the above observations. The division of matrimonial assets is
not an exact science, but neither is it an indefinable art. The exclusion of
particular matrimonial assets from the overall computation in favour of
dividing certain assets may possibly be rationalised as convenient and less
obtrusive, but may create an impression of arbitrariness and ostensibly
prejudice the fair and equitable division. However, it must be clarified that
not all exclusions of particular matrimonial assets are objectionable.

40 In the recent case of _Ong Boon Huat Samuel v Chan Mei Lan Kristine_ [2007]
2 SLR 729, this court (at [26]) cited _Wong Kam Fong Anne v Ang Ann Liang_
[1993] 2 SLR 192 and held that it was not mandatory for the court to exercise
its powers of division under s 112 of the Act and that the court might decline
to do so when a valid reason was given, such as a prior settlement in relation
to the division of the parties’ respective assets. At this juncture, it should
also be clarified that the permissive wording of s 112 should not be viewed as
a charter to withhold the power of division from particular matrimonial assets
at will. Any attempt to persuade the court to do so must be strictly
scrutinised and not be permitted to detract from the court’s mandate to
achieve a just and equitable division in the light of all the circumstances of
the case.

(F) CONCLUSION

41 It is important to emphasise once again that, ultimately, the division of
matrimonial assets is not simply a numbers game. The social policy underscored
by the division of matrimonial assets, the joint product of a marital
partnership, is just as important as the final award. The language of a power
to “divide” says to the whole society that the law acknowledges the equally
important contributions of the homemaker to the partnership of marriage and
its acquisition of wealth. It would be unfortunate if the process of division
perpetuated an impression of simply “dividing the spoils” of the economically
more advantaged party. The entire process must involve a mutual respect for
spousal contributions, whether in the economic or homemaking spheres, as both
roles are equally fundamental to the well-being of the marital partnership.

_The issues in this appeal_

(1) Introduction

42 The crux of the appellant wife’s case in relation to the division of
matrimonial assets is that the total matrimonial assets available for division
have not been properly identified and have, instead, been quantified to her
prejudice. These contentions can be divided into the following categories: (a)
the failure to take into account profits from sale proceeds of previous
properties; (b) the failure to include TFI and its related companies as
matrimonial assets; (c) the failure to properly quantify the cash assets
available for division; and (d) the charge on the CPF moneys. We will deal
with each of these issues _seriatim_.

(2) Failure to take into account profits from sales proceeds of previous
properties

43 Having heard the submissions of both parties, we are, with respect, of the
view that the Judge failed to adequately consider the profits from the sale of
the first property and the second property (see [4] above) which were
subsequently ploughed back into the purchase of the matrimonial home.

44 In _Tan Bee Giok_ ([23] _supra_),this court made reference to the cases of
_Koo Shirley v Mok Kong Chua Kenneth_ [1989] SLR 342 and _Hoong Khai Soon_
([28] _supra_) in deciding that where a property was held by the husband and
wife as joint tenants, the proceeds of sale would belong to both. More
specifically, the court observed in _Tan Bee Giok_ (at [36]) as follows:

When [the property] was sold and the sum of $684,812.68 was realized, this sum
belonged to the husband and wife. The property was held by the husband and
wife as joint tenants. If the presumption of advancement applies she would be
entitled to a half share of the proceeds. On the other hand, if the
presumption does not apply, this property being acquired during the marriage
by the sole effort of the husband, she would still be entitled to a
substantial share thereof by virtue of her contribution made to the welfare of
the family by looking after the home and caring for the family.

45 On the facts, the $400,000 profit was realised from the sale of the
previous matrimonial homes which were held as joint tenancies. This is
undoubtedly a factor to be taken into account in determining a fair and
equitable division of the matrimonial home. It is important to note, at this
juncture, that at no point did the respondent husband seek to argue that there
had been no such profit; neither did he seriously controvert the figure of
$400,000 put forward by the wife.

46 Counsel for the respondent, Ms Deborah Barker SC, argued that since the
initial $100,000 profit from the first property was ploughed into the purchase
of the second property which yielded a $300,000 profit, the addition of both
figures in computing the total profit from the sale proceeds would result in
double counting. With respect, we are unable to agree.

47 First, double counting would only result if we had attributed to the wife a
half share of the _net sale proceeds_ of both properties, but not if we were
only attributing the _profit_ therefrom. Secondly, and more importantly, the
argument reflects a misconception of the process of division of matrimonial
assets, which does not simply entail a _mathematical_ process of returning to
the parties their respective direct financial contributions plus a percentage
of indirect contributions, a procedure which the Judge, with respect, appeared
to follow in the present case.

48 We find, therefore, that the Judge’s award of 23% of the matrimonial home
to the wife, comprising approximately 8% direct financial contribution and 15%
indirect financial contribution (at [56] of the GD), did not adequately take
account of the profits to which the wife was entitled. Having regard to all
the circumstances of the case, not least her indirect contributions towards
the welfare of the family as well as the reinvested profits, we are of the
view that the wife should be awarded 40% of the matrimonial home.

(3) Failure to include TFI and its related companies as matrimonial assets

49 Turning to the next issue at hand, the wife contended that the total
matrimonial assets had not been correctly and properly identified and, in
particular, that the pool of matrimonial assets should include TFI and its
related companies. In this regard, the Judge (at [52] of the GD) made no
division of the family businesses (which were not valued) on the basis that
the wife had already been adequately compensated by way of her salaries as an
employee of TFI. The Judge referred to s 112(10)(_a_)(ii) of the Act and
opined that the wife was not instrumental in the success of TFI and had not
contributed towards the growth of the husband’s businesses over and above her
duties as an employee. Finally, the Judge reiterated the negative value of TFI
and the alleged dormancy or inactivity of its related companies. Two
clarifications are in order.

50 The first relates to the definition of matrimonial assets. In this regard,
s 112(10)(_a_)(ii) of the Act provides for the division of matrimonial assets
acquired _before_ the marriage which have been substantially improved during
the marriage by the other party or by both parties to the marriage. In
contrast, TFI and its related companies were incorporated and built up
_during_ the marriage, which subsisted for 24 years. The more relevant
provision would therefore be s 112(10)(_b_) of the Act (reproduced above at
[19]), which provides that a matrimonial asset is “any asset of any nature
acquired during the marriage by one party or both parties to the marriage”.
The concept of substantial improvement only applies to the classification of
assets acquired _before_ the marriage (pursuant to s 112(10)(_a_)(ii)) and not
_during_ the marriage. TFI and its related companies, being acquired during
the marriage, are undoubtedly matrimonial assets liable for division. We note,
further, that there is no reason why we should exercise our discretion to
exclude them from the pool of matrimonial assets.

51 The second issue relates to the alleged dormancy or negative values of the
companies. In this regard, the following observations by this court in _Tan
Bee Giok_ ([23] _supra_ at [51]) are instructive:

We agree with the learned judge that these companies as going concerns have
some values. They are revenue producing out of which the husband draws his
regular director’s fees. The husband’s companies must be worth something,
although the overall accounts presented before the court reflected a negative
value. The difficulty here is the determination of the true values of these
companies as going concerns.

(See also, in a similar vein, the observations at first instance by G P Selvam
J in _Tan Bee Giok v Loh Kum Yong_ [1996] 2 SLR 188 at [33].)

52 We agree. Notwithstanding the husband’s submission that TFI has been
operating at a loss since 2002 and that he derives no income from the other
allegedly dormant companies, it must not be overlooked that asset value,
profit margin and income flow are related but distinct and mutually exclusive
accounting concepts. We note that TFI owns substantial physical assets,
including a factory unit at Eunos Technolink worth $813,000 and land at Pasir
Ris leased for $40,000. Given that the husband is a majority shareholder of
TFI and its related companies, we agree with counsel for the wife that they
should be valued for the purposes of division of matrimonial assets.

53 It would be inimical to the _raison d’être_ of the division of matrimonial
assets if the corporate veil was allowed to shroud the husband’s assets in the
present case. It should be clarified that the court is not “treating TFI and
the [husband] as one” as is alleged, but simply uncovering all the matrimonial
assets available so as to achieve a just and equitable division.

54 In the light of the foregoing reasons, we order that the companies
concerned should be valued by a valuer to be appointed by agreement between
the parties. However, if the parties do not agree, they will each submit the
names of up to two valuers to this court within three weeks of the date of
this judgment. The court will then select a valuer, from the names submitted
by the parties, whose valuation of the said companies shall, for the purposes
of the present appeal, be final. If the valuation is positive, it shall be
added to the pool of matrimonial assets to be divided in the proportion set
out below (at [72]). We note, in passing, that an order for valuation is not
only commonsensical in appropriate circumstances, but is also not without
precedent (see, for example, this court’s decision in _Hoong Khai Soon_ ([28]
_supra_) at 40, [19]).

**_Quantifying the husband’s cash assets available for distribution_**

_Introduction_

55 The next issue relates to the wife’s contentions that the husband had
dissipated a sum of $2.7m within a year which was unaccounted for. The Judge
rejected the evidence of cash assets in May 2004 tendered by the wife and
accepted the husband’s bank statements of June 2005 which reflected a much
lower quantum of $1,016,128.61. The Judge considered that the husband was
responsible for funding the overseas tertiary education of the three eldest
children and that the wife had led a lavish lifestyle during the marriage and
was of the view (at [66] of the GD) that “it did not lie in the wife’s mouth
to complain that the husband’s savings had been depleted (not dissipated)”.

56 With respect, we disagree. The discrepancies were substantial and cannot be
attributable to family expenses alone for the simple reason that the shortfall
occurred between May 2004 and June 2005, during which period there was no
significant change in the family’s lifestyle. The husband’s unsatisfactory
explanation for the substantial diminution of his assets failed to discharge
the duty of full and frank disclosure which underpins s 112 of the Act.

_Duty of full and frank disclosure_

57  This duty was described by M Karthigesu J (as he then was) in _Wee Ah Lian
v Teo Siak Weng_ [1992] 1 SLR 688 as follows (at 698–699, [43]):

[T]he position in law is that full and frank disclosure is important and in
its absence the court is entitled to draw inferences adverse to the husband as
to his capacity or faculties and to treat him as a man in a position to
command a very substantial income.

58 We find instructive the analogous case of _Koh Kim Lan Angela v Choong Kian
Haw_ [1994] 1 SLR 22 (“ _Koh Kim Lan Angela_ ”), in which the wife had
difficulty proving the assets that had been acquired by the husband during
marriage, as he ran his family business with his father and she had no access
to the financial information of the family business. In addition, the husband
had not been forthcoming in his disclosure and was observed to be “less than
candid” (at 30, [31]). M Karthigesu JA, delivering the judgment of this court,
reminded the parties that in view of the husband’s failure to make full and
frank disclosure, the court was entitled to draw adverse inferences against
the husband and proceeded to order a division of the assets valued at the only
figure he chose to disclose.

59 As an alternative, the court may, pursuant to the adverse inference, go on
to determine the value of the undeclared assets. If need be, the court may
infer a value from the available information. As clarified by Kan Ting Chiu J
in _Tay Sin Tor v Tan Chay Eng_ [2000] 2 SLR 225 (“ _Tay Sin Tor_ ”) (at
[18]):

An adverse inference was drawn against the husband that he had not disclosed
all his assets. The District Judge should not stop after drawing the inference
and should have gone on to determine the value of the undeclared assets. This
cannot be done with precision because it springs from a lack of information,
but nevertheless a value should be inferred from the information available,
and it is for the party which is dissatisfied with it to show that it is
unreasonable. This has to be done so that a value for the undisclosed assets
can be included in the division. As matters stand, it is not known how much
unaccounted assets the husband was deemed to have, and how that influenced the
eventual division.

60 On the facts of the present case, the husband was clearly a man of
substantial means. It defies belief that all the moneys were expended on the
family or on the children’s education. We find that there is more to the
husband’s disclosed assets than meets the eye, and accordingly draw an adverse
inference against him.

61 Although the observations by Kan J in _Tay Sin Tor_ (quoted at [59] above)
are sound and ought to be followed whenever possible, everything depends, in
the final analysis, upon the precise facts concerned. In particular, it would
not be appropriate for the court to engage in unnecessary speculation with
respect to the specific values of undeclared assets. Further, as we have also
noted, Kan J’s approach is but one of at least two alternatives.

62 Although we have drawn an adverse inference against the husband in the
present case in so far as the discrepancy in his declared assets is concerned,
we note that the amount concerned is large (approximately $2.7m) and (more
importantly) we have been given no explanation as to what has happened to this
particular amount. In the circumstances, it might be more just and equitable
(not to mention, practical) to order a higher proportion of the _known_ assets
to be given to the wife. This would also give effect (albeit in a more general
fashion) to the adverse inference which this court has drawn against the
husband. This was the approach of Woo Bih Li J in _BF v BG_ [2006] SGHC 197,
which we endorsed in _BG v BF_ [2007] SGCA 32 (at [67]).

63 The issue nevertheless arises as to whether or not the approach adopted in
the preceding paragraph will encourage errant spouses to conceal more of their
assets.

64 In the first instance, it is important to emphasise that the decision in
the present appeal ought to be confined to its facts. Indeed, as we have
already pointed out, the facts of each case are likely, in the nature of
things, to be different in any event. In the circumstances, much would depend
on the precise facts before the court. No blanket rule, therefore, can – or
ought to be – laid down. Where, for example, it is clear that a spouse has
spirited away considerable assets and has left precious little behind in the
pool of matrimonial assets (or there is at least a reasonable suspicion that
this is the case), we should think that the court concerned will not only draw
an adverse inference against such a spouse, but will also order the spouse to
give a full and frank disclosure of all his or her assets, with non-compliance
constituting a contempt of court. In this context, the arguments of the other
party should also assist the court in arriving at a decision. Indeed, in such
an egregious case, it would, _ex hypothesi_ , be an exercise in futility to
order the bulk (or even all) of the existing matrimonial assets to be
distributed to the other spouse without more. As we have mentioned, further
information will clearly be required.

65 On a more _general_ level, we are of the view that a change in the relevant
procedural rules in order to assist the court in a situation where there is a
reasonable (and, _a fortiori_ , strong) suspicion that a particular spouse is
not giving full and frank disclosure of his or her assets might well be
warranted in the near future. For example, the court could be given the power
and authority to order a forensic examination of a particular spouse’s assets.
Again, a conscious failure to assist or an attempt to impede such an
examination would constitute a contempt of court which would, in turn, entail
the appropriate sanctions being imposed on that particular spouse.

_Application to the facts of this case_

66 Having regard to all the circumstances of the case, and our finding that
the husband has not been totally forthcoming in the disclosure of his assets,
we come to the conclusion that the following assets ought to be included in
the pool of matrimonial assets available for distribution by the court.
However, before proceeding to list these assets, we should point out that we
accept all the figures provided by the wife, with one exception – the
husband’s personal cash assets. As we have drawn an adverse inference against
the husband in so far as this last-mentioned item is concerned, we will take
that into account by increasing the overall proportion of the matrimonial
assets awarded to the wife.

67 The respective figures are tabulated below, as follows:

The matrimonial home |  $1,300,000.00  
---|---  
The husband’s personal cash assets |  $1,016,128.61  
The wife’s personal cash assets |  $22,500.00  
The husband’s CPF moneys as at 19 August 2005 |  $145,136.74  
The wife’s CPF moneys as at 9 July 2005 |  $103,921.95  
Mercedes car owned and used by the husband |  $125,000.00  
Mercedes car owned by the husband and used by the wife |  $110,000.00  
Warren Country Club and Chinese Swimming Club |  $30,000.00  
**Total known values of all disclosed assets other than the matrimonial home** |  **  
$1,552,687.30**  
  
_Fair and equitable division_

68 At this juncture, we have to translate the contribution made by the wife to
a sum that fairly represents her share in these assets, bearing in mind the
adverse inference we have drawn against the husband. As previously reiterated,
we must have regard to all the circumstances of the case and adopt a broad-
brush approach to arrive at a just and equitable division between the parties.

69 On the facts, it was apparent that the parties had treated their union as
both a domestic as well as a business partnership until the relationship
deteriorated. The wife had spent more than 20 years variously assisting in the
multiple businesses owned by the husband, while at the same time managing the
household and bringing up the children during the formative years of their
lives. Although she later had domestic help to assist her, her contributions
to the welfare of the family were, in our opinion, considerable. Marriage is a
social and economic partnership. The matrimonial assets were undoubtedly
accumulated during the marriage with the support of the wife, who was
simultaneously a director, shareholder and employee of TFI.

70 We further note that the bulk of the family expenses during the subsistence
of the marriage, including miscellaneous expenses such as travel by the family
and credit card bills, were paid for by TFI. These payments were approved by
the husband as the wife had little or no control over the company finances. It
is evident that the husband, for tax purposes or otherwise, utilised TFI as a
corporate platform to sustain his and the family’s personal lifestyle. In
addition, we took due account of the husband’s lucrative directorship in TFI,
which paid him a salary approximately five times that of the wife.

71 While we are convinced that the husband has not been completely forthcoming
in the disclosure of his cash assets, we remain fully cognisant of the
following factors which potentially mitigate the rigours of the adverse
inference to be drawn against the husband. First, it cannot be seriously
disputed that the family enjoyed a certain standard of living which may have
partially accounted for or contributed to the depletion of assets. Second, we
bear in mind the husband’s continuing obligation to pay for the children’s
education, as well as the fact that B will be under his care and control.
Third, as previously noted (at [62] above), the precise amount of _dissipated_
assets (alleged by the wife to be $2.7m) is far from clear.

72 Having considered all the circumstances of the case, we are of the view
that it is just and equitable that the wife be awarded 60% of the total
disclosed matrimonial assets (other than the matrimonial home) which would
amount to $931,612.38, together with 60% of the total value of the companies
(if a positive value (overall) results from the valuation ordered at [54]
above).

_Consequential orders_

73 On appeal, the wife contended that the Judge’s order for her to transfer
her title, rights and interest in the matrimonial home to the husband within
30 days upon the payment of $300,000.00 would cause undue hardship as she had
not been able to purchase a suitable home for herself following the divorce.

74 Taking into account the fact that we have now ordered 40% of the
matrimonial home to be awarded to the wife, as well as all the relevant
circumstances, we order that the wife transfer her title, rights and interest
in the matrimonial home to the husband within six months upon the payment of
$520,000 by the husband to her.

75 We also order, in the light of the husband’s conduct in the present case,
that the wife’s share (of 60%) of the husband’s CPF moneys is to be paid out
of the husband’s personal cash assets, thus avoiding the need for a charge on
the husband’s CPF account.

**_Other ancillary orders_**

76 We see no reason to disturb the other findings of the Judge relating to
maintenance and custody of the children.

_Maintenance_

77 On the facts, we are satisfied that the Judge had given due regard to all
the circumstances of the case (including those set out in s 114(1) of the Act)
in line with the mandate provided by s 114(2) of the Act, which directs the
court to “endeavour so to place the parties, so far as it is practicable and,
having regard to their conduct, just to do so, in the financial position in
which they would have been if the marriage had not broken down and each had
properly discharged his or her financial obligations and responsibilities
towards the other”.

78 There was therefore no reason to disturb the Judge’s maintenance order of
$3,600, which achieved “financial preservation so far as practicable and
reasonable in the circumstances” (_Quek Lee Tiam v Ho Kim Swee_ [1995] SGHC
23), and was in actuality a generous amount in comparison with a host of other
cases (see, for example, _Koh Kim Lan Angela_ ([58] _supra_); _Hoong Khai
Soon_ ([28] _supra_); _Tan Bee Giok_ ([23] _supra_); and _Lim Kok Sian Brandon
v Ong Ai Geok_ [2005] 2 SLR 437) where in this case the wife received a
substantial share of matrimonial assets and was awarded a much lower sum of
maintenance. In addition, either party could seek a variation or discharge of
the order upon any material change in circumstances.

_Custody, care and control_

79 In relation to the children, counsel for the wife contended that her rights
and duties as a joint custodian of the child on a major issue such as
education had been taken away by the order that the husband pay the education
and living expenses of B.

80 We found such an argument legally insupportable, although possibly
reflective of the harsh realities of separate parenting. The joint custody
order of A and B (who are, it will be recalled, the two youngest children)
envisions mutual co-operation between the parents relating to the upbringing
of the children. Whilst it may admittedly be difficult to legally enforce such
co-operation, this is as far as the law can go in allocating the rights and
responsibilities of estranged parents to a marriage. It would be counter-
productive to allow any acrimony between parties, which is typical in marital
breakdowns, to detract from the long-term future interests of the child.

81 There was no compelling reason to disturb the orders of joint custody, care
and control, and access made by the Judge, who rightly considered the welfare
of the child as paramount. The award of care and control of B to the husband
was justifiable as it ensured a measure of stability and continuity for the
youngest child of the marriage and facilitated her transition during her
formative years to the next educational phase.

**Conclusion**

82 We accordingly allow the appeal in part in so far as the division of
matrimonial assets is concerned, and make the following orders:

(a) that the wife be awarded 40% of the matrimonial home and 60% of the other
matrimonial assets (which amounts to $931,612.38), as well as 60% of the total
value of the companies (if a positive value (overall) results from the
valuation ordered at [54] above);

(b) that the wife transfer her title, rights and interest in the matrimonial
home to the husband within six months upon the payment of $520,000 by the
husband to her;

(c) that TFI and its related companies be valued in the manner set out at [54]
above (with liberty to apply);

(d) that the wife’s share (of 60%) of the husband’s CPF moneys is to be paid
out of the husband’s personal cash assets; and

(e) that the wife be awarded 75% of her costs both here and below.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 19 Jul 2007 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

