Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Kiew Ah Cheng David v Public Prosecutor  
[2007] SGCA 2

Case Number | : | CCA 6/2006  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 17 January 2007  
Tribunal/Court | : | Court of Appeal  
Coram | : |  Choo Han Teck J; Kan Ting Chiu J; Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Peter Ezekiel (Phoeng & Co) for the appellant; Nor'ashikin Samdin and Vincent Leow (Deputy Public Prosecutors) for the respondent   
Parties | : |  Kiew Ah Cheng David — Public Prosecutor   
  
Courts and Jurisdiction – Jurisdiction – Appellate – Whether Court of Appeal
having jurisdiction to hear appeal against High Court's dismissal of criminal
motion for extension of time to file notice and petition of appeal from
magistrate's court  
  

17 January 2007 |   
---|---  
  
Choo Han Teck J (delivering the grounds of decision of the court):

1 The appellant was convicted after trial in a Magistrate’s Court on 13 June
2006 for an offence of driving a motor vehicle without due consideration to
other road users, an offence under s 65 of the Road Traffic Act (Cap 276, 2004
Rev Ed). He was sentenced on the same day to a fine of $900 and disqualified
from driving for a period of three months. On 22 June 2006, the appellant
filed a notice of appeal against sentence only. The magistrate gave the
grounds of his decision in writing together with the notes of evidence on 1
August 2006. Section 247(4) of the Criminal Procedure Code (Cap 68, 1985 Rev
Ed) (“CPC”) provides that a person who has filed a notice of appeal has to
lodge a petition of appeal within ten days after the grounds of decision have
been served on him. It was not disputed that the appellant ought to have filed
a petition of appeal by 11 August 2006. He did not do so. Section 247(7) of
the CPC provides that the appeal, notice of which was given by way of the
notice of appeal, is deemed withdrawn. On 17 August 2006, the appellant
applied by way of a criminal motion to the High Court (Criminal Motion No 22
of 2006) seeking an extension of time to file his notice of appeal against
conviction (his initial notice was in respect of an appeal against sentence
only), and an extension of time to file his petition of appeal against
conviction.

2 Criminal Motion No 22 of 2006 was heard on 1 September 2006. The learned
judge noted that the affidavit and supplementary affidavit filed on behalf of
the appellant did not explain what merits the appellant believed he had in the
appeal against conviction. Counsel for the appellant then asked for leave to
file an affidavit on the merits of the appellant’s appeal. The judge refused
leave and dismissed the application for an extension of time. Although no
written grounds were given, the notes of evidence sufficiently indicated the
reasoning of the judge when he dismissed the application:

I’m sympathetic to your plight Mr Ezekiel [counsel for the appellant] … but,
as you know, at the end of the day, I think we have rules, we have procedures
and there is the question of exercise of discretion which can’t be whimsical,
there are certain established authorities that guide the judge’s discretion in
matters of this sort. I’m afraid that in the circumstances, I have no
alternative but to dismiss your motion.

The appellant thus appealed to this court against the decision of the learned
judge in the Criminal Motion No 22 of 2006 proceedings, praying that the
decision “be set aside and that such order may be made thereon as justice may
require”.

3 The critical issue before us on appeal concerned the question of the
jurisdiction of this court to hear an appeal of this nature. The powers of an
appellate court are granted by statute. It derives no power save for those
that are conferred on it by legislation. This basic principle had been
reiterated on numerous occasions by this court: see _Wong Hong Toy v PP_
[1984-1985] SLR 298 at 304, [16]; _Microsoft Corporation v SM Summit Holdings_
[2000] 2 SLR 137 at [17]; and _Lim Choon Chye v PP_ [1994] 3 SLR 135 at 139,
[13]. It is necessary to begin by examining the provision by which the
appellant brought his case before the High Court. The appellant stated in his
motion in Criminal Motion No 22 of 2006 that the application was brought under
s 250 of the CPC. Section 250 provides as follows:

The High Court may, on the application of any person desirous of appealing who
is debarred from so doing upon the ground of his not having observed some
formality or some requirement of this Code, permit an appeal upon such terms
and with such directions to the District Judge or to the Magistrate and to the
parties as the Court considers desirable in order that substantial justice may
be done in the matter.

The appellate criminal jurisdiction of this court is set out in s 29A of the
Supreme Court of Judicature Act (Cap 322, 1999 Rev Ed) which provides in sub-s
(2) that:

The criminal jurisdiction of the Court of Appeal shall consist of appeals
against any decision made by the High Court in the exercise of its original
criminal jurisdiction, subject nevertheless to the provisions of this Act or
any other written law regulating the terms and conditions upon which such
appeals may be brought.

The distinction between an original and an appellate jurisdiction is not one
that normally requires extensive elaboration. A court exercises original
jurisdiction in all proceedings at first instance. A court exercises an
appellate jurisdiction when it conducts proceedings arising from any decision
of a court in the exercise of its original jurisdiction. It is only in the
narrowest sense that the proceedings before the judge in Criminal Motion No 22
of 2006 can be regarded as proceedings by a judge exercising his original
jurisdiction. That is plausible only because the application for an extension
of time was a prayer first made before that court. It had not been adjudicated
upon or made in any other court. Original jurisdiction is a legal term and the
word “original” here does not refer only to a matter that originated from that
court and had not arisen before any previous one.

4 Had the appellant lodged his appeal within the time provided by the CPC, his
case would have been heard on its merits by the High Court and determined on
its merits. Were it not for s 250 of the CPC, the appellant’s notice of appeal
would have been deemed withdrawn, and that too would have been the end of the
matter. Section 250 is a provision that provides an opportunity to an
appellant to recover from a technical knockout. It does so by requiring the
appellant to persuade the High Court why it would be fair and just to permit
him to continue the fight. The fight that was in issue in the present case was
the charge under s 65 of the Road Traffic Act under which the appellant was
convicted and wished to appeal. The proceedings of the court below in Criminal
Motion No 22 of 2006 were, therefore, connected to the proceedings of the
Magistrate’s Court. In _Wong Hong Toy v PP_ [1994] 2 SLR 396 (“ _Wong Hong Toy
(No 2)_ ”) at 404–105, [31], Wee Chong Jin CJ held that the application before
the High Court in that case was “so intertwined with the appeal that it cannot
be logical to say that while the determination of the appeal is an exercise of
its _appellate_ criminal jurisdiction, the determination of the application is
an exercise of the High Court’s _original_ jurisdiction” [emphasis in
original]. We are mindful that in that case, the appellants appealed to the
High Court against the conviction and sentence handed down by a District Court
judge. The appellants applied by criminal motion to the High Court for leave
to appeal to the Court of Appeal on a point of law of public interest. The
High Court refused to grant leave, and it was that application for leave that
Wee CJ was referring to as being “intertwined with the appeal”, which, in
turn, was in respect of the conviction and sentence.

5 Although the High Court in _Wong Hong Toy (No 2)_ had actually heard the
appeal on its merits, and, in that sense, lay a stronger claim to be hearing
the subsequent application for leave to this court as part of its appellate
jurisdiction, we do not think that a distinction ought to be made in the
present case where the appeal was not heard. The reason for that was, of
course, the appellant’s failure to comply with procedure; and not just any
procedure, but the procedure for appeal to the High Court. The High Court was
therefore asked to give leave to the appellant so that he might continue with
an otherwise defunct appeal. We regard these circumstances as no different
from those in _Wong Hong Toy (No 2)_. The application before the judge in
Criminal Motion No 22 of 2006 was, to use Wee CJ’s words, “intertwined with
the appeal” and, as such, the judge in dismissing the appellant’s application
in Criminal Motion No 22 of 2006 was exercising an appellate jurisdiction.
Consequently, that decision cannot be reviewed by this court on appeal.

6 By reason of the matters above, it was not necessary for this court to deal
with the merits of the appeal against the judge’s refusal to grant an
extension of time to the appellant to file the requisite papers for appeal. We
had, however, considered the implications of the judge’s refusal, having noted
that the appellant had not set out the reasons why he thought his appeal had
merits, to grant leave to the appellant to file a further affidavit setting
out the merits of his appeal. In order to do “substantial justice in the
matter”, the court hearing an application under s 250 of the CPC must, of
course, first be apprised of the relevant facts. The judge would thus not be
in that position unless he is _au fait_ with the facts. And if he had noted
that the facts were not made known to him, leave might be granted to the
appellant to rectify that omission. The judge would not have been faulted had
he done so. But, it does not follow that his refusal to grant leave for a
further affidavit was wrong. It was within his powers to refuse leave in this
case. The appellant had come to court to rectify an omission, and it might be
too much to ask of the judge below to first grant him leave to rectify an
omission upon an omission. But, as we have stated, this issue is an academic
one. No one can claim to be exempt from procedure on account only of a claim
that the “justice” of his case justified the snub; least of all one who has
not explained why the merits of the case would have been in his favour.

7 For the reasons above, the appeal was dismissed.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 17 Jan 2007 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

