Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## SBS Transit Ltd v Stafford Rosemary Anne Jane (administratrix of the estate
of Anthony John Stafford, deceased)  
[2007] SGCA 7

Case Number | : | CA 67/2006  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 30 January 2007  
Tribunal/Court | : | Court of Appeal  
Coram | : |  Chan Sek Keong CJ; Lee Seiu Kin J; Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Anthony Wee (United Legal Alliance LLC) for the appellant; Lynette Chew Mei Lin and Sharmini Selvaratnam (Harry Elias Partnership) for the respondent   
Parties | : |  SBS Transit Ltd — Stafford Rosemary Anne Jane (administratrix of the estate of Anthony John Stafford, deceased)   
  
Tort – Negligence – Contributory negligence – Motorcyclist and bus colliding
in intersection – Motorcyclist killed in collision – Whether motorcyclist
contributorily negligent by proceeding straight across intersection even
though traffic light green in his favour – Whether motorcyclist's blood
alcohol concentration of 68mg/100ml rendering him unfit to ride at time of
accident  
  

30 January 2007 |  _Judgment reserved._  
---|---  
  
Lee Seiu Kin J (delivering the judgment of the court):

**Introduction**

1 This is an appeal by SBS Transit Ltd (“SBS” or “the Appellant”) against the
decision of Kan Ting Chiu J (“the trial judge”) delivered on 11 May 2006 in
Suit No 430 of 2004 (“Suit 430”): see _Stafford Rosemary Anne Jane v Goo Tong
Sing_ [2006] 3 SLR 277. Suit 430 was an action for damages under: (a) s 20 of
the Civil Law Act (Cap 43, 1999 Rev Ed) (“CLA”) for the benefit of the
dependants of Mr Anthony John Stafford (“the Deceased”); and (b) s 21 of the
CLA in respect of damages for bereavement for the benefit of the Deceased’s
wife, Rosemary Anne Jane Stafford. Rosemary Anne Jane Stafford is also the
administratrix of the Deceased’s estate and in that capacity, she was the
plaintiff in Suit 430 and the respondent in the present appeal.

2 Suit 430 arose from a road traffic accident involving the Deceased, who was
riding his motorcycle, and a double-decker SBS bus at the intersection of
Clementi Road and Commonwealth Avenue West (“the Intersection”). The Deceased
died on the spot from injuries suffered in the accident. The plaintiff brought
the action against the bus driver as the first defendant, and his employer,
the Appellant, as the second defendant. The bus driver subsequently pleaded
guilty to a charge under s 304A of the Penal Code (Cap 224, 1985 Rev Ed) for
causing the death of the Deceased by a negligent act not amounting to
homicide, namely, by failing to give way to the Deceased’s motorcycle.
However, he died (from a cause unrelated to the accident) before the hearing
of the action. Suit 430 thus proceeded solely against the second defendant,
the Appellant in this appeal.

3 The issue in Suit 430 was one of negligence on the part of the bus driver
and/or contributory negligence on the part of the Deceased. The trial judge
found for the plaintiff (the respondent in the present appeal) and held the
bus driver wholly responsible for the accident.

4 In this appeal, the Appellant relies on a single issue, _ie_ , whether the
Deceased was contributorily negligent. The Appellant contends that the
Deceased ought to have exercised greater care in proceeding across the
Intersection as he ought reasonably to have apprehended the danger involved in
the circumstances of that unfortunate evening.

**The facts**

5 The accident took place on the night of 12 January 2002 at about 8.09pm The
Deceased was riding his Harley Davidson motorcycle along Clementi Road heading
towards the Intersection in the direction of Upper Bukit Timah Road. The SBS
bus had come from the opposite direction along Clementi Road, and was making a
right turn into Commonwealth Avenue West towards Boon Lay. The collision
occurred inside the Intersection while the Deceased was proceeding across it
and the bus was making a right turn.

6 Clementi Road and Commonwealth Avenue West intersect at almost right angles.
Entering the Intersection, there were four lanes on Clementi Road in the
direction of Ayer Rajah Expressway (the direction the bus was taking). The
traffic layout and signalisation sequence have since been changed, but at the
time, the right-most lane (_ie_ lane 1) was exclusively for vehicles turning
right. The lane next to it (_ie_ lane 2) was for vehicles turning right or
going straight. There were right-turn pockets marked for those two lanes.
Lanes 3 and 4 were for vehicles going straight.

7 In the opposite direction and heading towards Upper Bukit Timah Road, which
was the direction the Deceased was heading, there were also four lanes. Lane
1, the right-most lane, was for vehicles turning right and lane 2 was for
vehicles turning right or going straight. Lanes 3 and 4 were for vehicles
going straight. There were no turning pockets for any of the right-turn lanes.
In both directions, about 30m or so before the Intersection, lane 4 also led
to a slip road for vehicles turning left into Commonwealth Avenue West.

8 The traffic signalisation sequence at the Intersection which was in
operation at the material time in relation to vehicles approaching from
Clementi Road was as follows. There was a green light for traffic proceeding
straight along Clementi Road in either direction, followed by an amber light
preceding the red light. When the light turned red, the green right-turn arrow
would light for traffic to turn right in both directions. Since there was no
red right-turn arrow light prohibiting a right turn during the green phase,
this meant that vehicles along Clementi Road in either direction could turn
right at the Intersection if it was safe to do so. There is no dispute that
traffic proceeding straight along Clementi Road had the right of way during
the green phase.

9 At the time of the accident, the traffic flow was moderate, the weather was
fine, the road surface was dry, the Intersection was well-lit and visibility
was clear. The Deceased died from the multiple injuries suffered in the
accident and was found to have had a blood alcohol concentration (“BAC”) of
68mg/100ml at the time of the accident.

**The evidence**

10 Low Chong Eng (“Low”) witnessed the accident and he gave evidence at the
trial below. Low’s evidence was accepted by the trial judge, who found him to
be a careful witness whose evidence could be relied upon.

11 Low’s evidence was as follows:

(a) Both Low and the bus driver were travelling along Clementi Road in the
direction of Ayer Rajah Expressway. They had both stopped at the Intersection
with the intention to turn right into Commonwealth Avenue West in the
direction of Boon Lay. Low’s car was at lane 2 and the bus at lane 1, to Low’s
immediate right.

(b) When the traffic lights turned green, both vehicles moved into their
respective right-turn pockets to await clearance of oncoming traffic before
turning right into Commonwealth Avenue West.

(c) At one point, Low noticed the bus inching forward out of its right-turn
pocket. He described it as moving at a constant speed “slightly faster than
walking pace”. Low was about to follow suit, but when he looked at the traffic
light, he saw that it was still at the green phase. At that instant, he saw a
motorcycle approaching the Intersection from the opposite direction.

(d) When Low first observed the motorcycle, the bus had reached the middle of
the Intersection. The motorcycle was approaching from lane 4, _ie_ , the left-
most lane. Low noticed that the bus continued inching forward although the
light for traffic going straight was still green and the green right-turn
arrow light had not come on. In Low’s words, the bus then “hesitated, it
slowed down, then it decided to complete the right turn”. The motorcyclist
entered the Intersection at a constant speed, without slowing down, and the
collision occurred.

12 The sketch plan prepared by the traffic police showed the bus at a position
2m from the edge of the yellow-box intersection, that is to say it had blocked
all but 2m of the left-most lane of Clementi Road on which the Deceased was
travelling. However, this merely showed the final position of the bus _after_
the accident; this might not have been the position of the bus at the moment
of collision.

13 There were glass and other fragments on the road at the front right corner
of the bus, but there were no skid marks, scratch marks or brake marks at the
scene of the accident. The police investigation officer confirmed that a
person travelling in the direction taken by the deceased would have seen the
Intersection clearly from a distance of 150m, and that there was a slight
downward slope along that stretch of the road. This was corroborated by Low
who said that he could see about 100m ahead.

14 As regards the alcohol in the Deceased’s body, evidence regarding its
possible effect(s) on the Deceased at the time of the accident was furnished
to the court by two expert witnesses – Dr Lim Yun Chin (“Dr Lim”) for the
Appellant and Prof Edmund Lee (“Prof Lee”) for the respondent.

15 Dr Lim was of the view that _some_ impairment of judgment would be present
even at BACs of less than 50mg/100ml, and hence, with a BAC of 68mg/100ml, the
Deceased would have suffered a significant impairment of his driving ability
at the time of the accident.

16 Prof Lee’s position was that any individual with a BAC of 68mg/100ml would
have a significant degree of impairment of co-ordination and motor skills, but
the precise level of impairment for any particular individual remained fairly
speculative.

17 The Deceased’s colleague and friend of more than 20 years, Mr Michael
Andrew Negus (“Negus”), was the last person to see the Deceased prior to the
accident. He gave evidence that the Deceased had consumed two glasses of beer
at a bar from about 7.15pm to 8.00pm Negus said that when the Deceased left
the bar at 8.00pm, some ten minutes before the accident, he did not appear
flushed, drunk or intoxicated.

**The decision below**

18 At the trial, the Appellant contended that the Deceased had entered the
Intersection against red traffic lights. The bus driver had stated in his
police report that the Deceased had ridden into the Intersection after the
traffic light had turned red and the green right-turn arrow light had come on.
In contrast, in his affidavit of evidence-in-chief, the bus driver had said
that the red light had come on, but he was not sure if the green right-turn
arrow light had come on yet when he saw the motorcycle. The bus driver had
died before the trial and was therefore not cross-examined. The trial judge
accepted Low’s evidence that the bus driver made the right turn while the
traffic lights were green in the Deceased’s favour and before the green right-
turn arrow came on.

19 As to the manner in which the Deceased was riding his motorcycle, except
for the account given by the bus driver, there was no direct evidence showing
that he was doing it in a reckless or negligent manner. In his affidavit of
evidence-in-chief, the bus driver said that the motorcycle was travelling at a
fast speed. However, he made no mention of speed in his police report. Low
gave evidence that he did not notice the Deceased slowing down as he entered
the Intersection, but he was not asked whether the Deceased was travelling at
a fast speed. Although experts were called to give evidence of the speed at
which the Deceased’s motorcycle was travelling, their evidence was
inconclusive and both parties did not rely on such evidence.

20 The trial judge stressed that the duty of a reasonable road user to act on
the basis that there might be negligence and incompetence on the part of
others ought not to be overstated. Citing the case of _Ong Bee Nah v Won Siew
Wan_ [2005] 2 SLR 455, the trial judge stated that in the absence of clear and
compelling circumstances to the contrary, there was no legal duty on a driver
to slow down automatically each time he or she approached a junction with no
stop sign or if the lights were in his or her favour where traffic lights were
present. The trial judge went on to hold that the Deceased was entitled to
assume that the bus which had stopped in the turning pocket would not move
again while the lights remained green in his favour.

21 A major contention of the Appellant at the trial was that the Deceased was
unfit to ride the motorcycle because of the alcohol he had consumed and
therefore he had contributed to the accident. However, the trial judge found
that the evidence furnished by the expert witnesses did not establish that a
BAC of 68mg/100ml would affect _all_ persons such that they would not be able
to ride properly. Additionally, he found that Dr Lim’s evidence merely
established that there would be _some_ impairment of judgment, but did not
demonstrate that it would be such impairment as to render a person unfit to
drive or ride. The trial judge held that while a BAC of 68mg/100ml _could_
have affected some people’s ability to drive, there was no evidence that the
alcohol had affected the Deceased such that he was unfit to ride and,
consequently, had contributed to the accident. There was also no evidence that
the Deceased was not riding properly when the accident took place.

22 The trial judge held that the bus driver was wholly to blame for the
accident and that the Appellant had failed to make out any case of negligence
and/or contributory negligence against the respondent.

**Arguments raised in the appeal**

**_The Appellant’s case_**

23 On appeal, the Appellant did not dispute that the bus driver had made the
right turn while the traffic lights were green in the Deceased’s favour and
before the green right-turn arrow came on. However, counsel for the Appellant,
Mr Wee, argued that in the circumstances that the Deceased was in, he should
have had a reasonable apprehension that the bus driver was about to do
something unusual. The failure of the Deceased to react to the situation
appropriately showed that he had not exercised due care when he proceeded
across the Intersection and he was thereby contributorily negligent.

24 Mr Wee stressed that the double-decker bus was a “behemoth” of a vehicle
and it was not stationary at the material time. The Deceased ought to have
slowed down as he proceeded through the Intersection as the bus had already
blocked off more than half the junction. As an aside, it was also Mr Wee’s
submission that the trial judge was wrong to have held that the bus had
_stopped_ in the turning pocket, since Low’s evidence was that the bus was
constantly moving at a speed slightly faster than walking pace. Thus, the
trial judge should not have deduced that it was reasonable for the Deceased to
assume that the bus was going to give way to him.

25 Mr Wee asserted that the Deceased’s course of action could only be
explained by the effect of alcohol on him, which Mr Wee claimed must have
affected the Deceased’s judgment on the road. Mr Wee quoted from Prof Lee’s
evidence regarding the concept of “Dutch courage”, which describes the false
bravado of a person who has consumed alcohol, and submitted that it was this
“false bravado” that had caused the Deceased to take the risk of proceeding
straight on along the Intersection despite the danger ahead of him.

26 It was further argued by Mr Wee that the trial judge should not have
disregarded the experts’ evidence in favour of Negus’ unsubstantiated and
“unscientific” evidence. Mr Wee cited the case of _Saeng-Un Udom v PP_ [2001]
3 SLR 1 at [25] to [27] in support of his proposition that the issue of the
effect of alcohol on the Deceased was outside the learning of the court, and
since both the experts’ evidence was not in conflict generally, the trial
judge was not entitled to substitute the experts’ opinion with his own opinion
on the matter.

27 Mr Wee submitted that the burden of proof required by the trial judge was
impossible to satisfy since there was no way of proving the specific degree of
impairment which the Deceased was suffering from at the time of the accident
as a result of the alcohol intake, even if he were still alive. As such, on a
balance of probability, the experts’ evidence that any individual with a BAC
above 68mg/100ml would suffer significant neurological impairment should be
taken as sufficient evidence of the Deceased’s unfitness to ride. There was no
reason to assume that the Deceased would fall outside the sample population.

**_The respondent’s case_**

28 In reply, counsel for the respondent, Ms Chew, submitted that the trial
judge did not decide on the basis that the bus had _stopped_ at the turning
pocket. She quoted the following passage from the decision of the trial judge
(see _Stafford Rosemary Anne Jane v Goo Tong Sing_ ([1] _supra_) at [28]):

Low’s evidence was that the bus had stopped in the turning pocket, but _when
it moved further into the intersection_ when the lights were still in favour
of the deceased, the accident happened. [emphasis added]

29 Ms Chew argued that there was no reasonable apprehension of danger from the
perspective of the Deceased since, from Low’s evidence, what was indisputable
was that the bus did indeed _hesitate and slow down_ before executing the turn
at the Intersection. That would be sufficient to give the Deceased the
impression that the bus was going to give way to him and that it was safe for
him to proceed across the Intersection without stopping.

30 Furthermore, it was impossible for the Deceased, upon approaching the
Intersection where the bus was, to react to the bus driver’s sudden decision
to complete the right turn. Ms Chew brought to the court’s attention the fact
that the front portion of the motorcycle did not suffer any damage, while the
main damage was to the middle-right side of the motorcycle. The damage to the
motorcycle showed that the Deceased had initially managed to clear the path of
the bus before the front-right part of the bus collided into the middle-right
side of the motorcycle. Hence, Ms Chew submitted that the collision was the
result of a sudden movement of the bus which could not have been anticipated
by the Deceased, and consequently, the Deceased could not be held to have
contributed to the cause of the accident or the extent of his injury.

**Our decision**

**_The circumstances surrounding the accident_**

31 This case had the benefit of an independent eyewitness, _ie_ Low, who was
able to describe the crucial events just before the collision. His evidence
conclusively establishes that the Deceased had the right of way. The burden of
proof therefore rests on the Appellant to show that the circumstances were
such as would render the Deceased partly at fault for the accident.

32 Before considering the evidence as to what those circumstances were, we
would like to expand on the following paragraph in the trial judge’s decision:

27 When one travels on the roads, one cannot assume perfect road manners from
the other road users. The reasonable road user must act on the basis that
there may be negligence and incompetence on the part of others, and he has to
make allowance for them. However, this duty cannot be overstated; he is not
required to regard other road users as threats to him against whom he must
protect himself, and he must be allowed to go about with a degree of calm and
confidence necessary for the orderly movement of traffic. With reference to a
person in the position of the deceased, I only need to quote and concur with
the statement that:

[T]here is – in the absence of clear and compelling circumstances to the
contrary – _no_ legal duty on a driver to slow down _automatically_ each time
he or she approaches a junction if there is no stop sign or (as is the case
here) the lights are in his or her favour at a junction where traffic lights
are present. [emphasis in original]

_per_ Andrew Phang Boon Leong JC (as he then was) in _Ong Bee Nah v Wong_
[_sic_] _Siew Wan_ [2005] 2 SLR 455 at [95].

33 We fully agree with the learned judge that the law requires the motorist to
act on the basis that there may be negligence and incompetence on the part of
other road users and to make allowance for them, but without having to
contemplate possibilities that are remote. As Lord Macmillan had observed in
_Fardon v Harcourt-Rivington_ [1932] All ER Rep 81 at 84:

[T]he user of the road is not bound to guard against every conceivable
eventuality, but only against such eventualities as a reasonable man ought to
foresee as being within the ordinary range of human experience.

34 The crux of the issue is what a reasonable person would apprehend in a
particular set of circumstances. At one extreme is a driver of a car on an
open road in dry weather and perfect visibility. He may drive at whatever
speed his car can permit him safely to attain – subject to the legal speed
limit – if he does not see any vehicle, person or animal that may obstruct his
path. However, once there is other traffic on the road, or there are
pedestrians or animals at the roadside, or there are obstructions to his view,
he must contemplate the possibility that any of these may impinge upon his
path and must adjust his speed accordingly to one at which he can effectively
stop or otherwise avoid a collision. If the road is wet, then he must slow
down even further because his braking distance is increased. If visibility is
low, then he must proceed at a speed at which he can stop the car the moment
an obstruction comes into view. If there are children walking alongside the
road, he must contemplate the higher possibility of a child suddenly dashing
across his path as compared to adult pedestrians. All these are essentially
matters of common sense. Further, the driver must be aware at all times that
his motor vehicle is, by reason of its mass and speed, a potentially dangerous
weapon. The law requires that he handles it with good sense and common
decency.

35 It is from this perspective that the analysis must proceed as to whether
the Deceased had negligently ridden his motorcycle into the Intersection. The
first factor that we consider is his speed. Unfortunately, there is not much
evidence in this regard. Although each party called its own expert witness on
this issue, counsel agreed not to rely on their evidence due to shortcomings
in the opinions rendered. Low, the sole eyewitness, was not questioned as to
whether the Deceased was travelling at a fast speed. All he was asked was
whether the Deceased slowed down as he approached the Intersection, to which
he answered in the negative. There was, therefore, no evidence of the speed at
which the Deceased was travelling.

36 We next consider what the Deceased was faced with as he approached the
Intersection. The traffic light was green in his favour. He could see the bus
moving at a speed “slightly faster than walking pace” as he neared the
Intersection, travelling on the left-most lane. The learned trial judge had
stated in his decision at [29] that:

The deceased had proceeded into the intersection along the left-most lane. _He
was entitled to assume that the bus which had stopped in the turning pocket
will not move on again while the lights remained green in his favour._ The
photographs and sketch plan showed that the bus had cut into his path, and
save for the uncorroborated and untested accounts given by the bus driver,
there was no indication that he was riding at an excessive speed, or riding
without due care, or had failed to do anything to avoid the collision. Unless
it can be inferred from the fact that a collision had taken place in such
circumstances that the deceased was somehow negligent, and there is no basis
for that in law or on the facts, there was no evidence of negligence on the
part of the deceased. [emphasis added]

37 With respect, we do not agree that any motorist or motorcyclist in the
position of the Deceased was entitled to assume that the bus would not move on
while the lights remained green in his favour. To so hold would mean that the
Deceased could proceed at a speed that did not take into account a mistake or
error of judgment on the part of the bus driver, either in failing to observe
that a motorcycle was approaching the Intersection or in adjudging it possible
for the bus to make the turn before the motorcycle reached it. Such an
assumption is certainly a wholly unsafe one to make. An intersection is that
part of the road where a vehicle may cut across the path of other vehicles.
When a motorist approaching an intersection sees a vehicle poised to make a
turn across his path, the first thing that he must prepare for is the
possibility that the other driver will make the turn before he clears the
intersection. He must watch out for any indication that the driver might do
so. Above all, he must drive his vehicle at a speed that enables him to react
appropriately should this occur. The last thing that he should assume is that
the vehicle will definitely wait for him to pass merely because he has the
right of way according to road traffic rules. One must bear in mind that these
rules are enacted for reasons of safety and to facilitate the smooth flow of
traffic. Road users are entitled to assume that such rules will generally be
followed, and indeed any person who fails to comply with any of these rules
and breaches the law as a result may find himself charged with an offence and
punished accordingly. But this assumption must be tempered with the
realisation that, as in any activity, human failings and weaknesses always
exist. These range from matters beyond the control of the individual to honest
errors of judgment to intentional breaches of the law. An example of the first
category is vehicle failure, such as brake or engine failure. Examples of
honest errors of judgment are mistakes as to the law (_eg_ , whether a U-turn
is permitted) or mistakes as to physical factors (_eg_ , the speed of oncoming
traffic). The other extreme, intentional breaches of the law, would include
speeding, illegal U-turns and running a red light. In between these extremes
are instances such as inattention, or being distracted by the radio or a
passenger or a mobile phone. The law requires every motorist to be aware of
such realities and adjust the manner in which he uses his vehicle on the road
to take these into account. It is a tragic fact that too many serious
accidents have occurred under such circumstances, particularly in cases where
the vehicle proceeding straight is a motorcycle (due no doubt to the fact that
they are smaller and therefore it is more difficult to see them or judge their
speed).

38 Therefore, if the Deceased had ridden into the Intersection at a speed that
did not countenance the possibility that the bus would make the turn before he
could clear the Intersection, we would have no hesitation in holding that the
Deceased was contributorily negligent. As we had noted earlier (at [35]
above), there is no evidence of the speed at which the Deceased approached the
Intersection. However, there is physical evidence of the point of impact. From
the evidence at the trial, the damage to the motorcycle was not to the front
wheel or bumper. Damage there would have indicated that the bus had cut across
its path and that the Deceased had failed to stop in time. Instead, damage to
the motorcycle was primarily in the middle and on the right – the right side
of the fuel tank showed a big dent. Damage to the bus was at the front-right
edge from the bumper to the level of the headlamp, with the headlamp itself
undamaged. This indicated that the right corner of the bus had rammed into the
mid-section of the motorcycle.

39 When this physical evidence is superimposed over the evidence of Low, the
sole eyewitness, the following picture emerges. As the Deceased rode into the
Intersection, the bus suddenly moved forward (Low testified that the bus
driver “hesitated, … slowed down, then … decided to complete the right turn”:
see [11] above) and hit the side of the motorcycle before it could clear the
path of the bus. There are two possibilities as to the frame of mind of the
Deceased as he entered the Intersection: (a) he had assumed the bus would not
move before he passed it, or (b) he had not made that assumption. There is no
evidence as to how fast the motorcycle was going at that moment, but
certainly, if the Deceased had proceeded at a greater speed, he would have
escaped injury. This would suggest that he was not travelling fast rather than
the other way round, which in turn indicates that he had not assumed that the
bus would not move forward before he cleared the Intersection. In any event,
the burden was on the Appellant to prove that the speed at which the Deceased
entered the Intersection was too fast in the circumstances and this burden was
not discharged. In our view, the fact that the bus had, as it made the turn,
collided with the mid-section of the motorcycle shows that in all likelihood,
the bus driver had misjudged the rate at which the motorcycle could get out of
his path when he stepped on the accelerator to “complete the right turn”.

40 We therefore agree with the trial judge that there was no evidence that the
Deceased was riding his motorcycle in a negligent manner.

**_Deceased’s blood alcohol level_**

41 Mr Wee argued that the trial judge should not have rejected the experts’
evidence and concluded that the Deceased’s ability to ride was not impaired by
alcohol. It is first of all necessary to determine what exactly was the
experts’ evidence and the extent to which their opinions were in agreement.
The Appellant’s expert, Dr Lim, was of the view that the Deceased would have
suffered significant impairment on account of his BAC of 68mg/100ml. He cited
a study by Dr Danny Lo Siaw Teck and Dr Rasiah Gunasegaram reported in their
paper entitled “Alcohol: facts you should know before your first drink”
Scientific Review 1991; 3(2) at 1–3 published by the Institute of Science and
Forensic Medicine where the authors stated at 3:

It must be emphasized that different people may be affected differently at the
same blood alcohol level. As far as drinking and driving is concerned, two
separate studies conducted on experienced drivers seem to suggest that there
was no ‘safe’ blood alcohol level because even at very low levels (below 50 mg
per cent), some impairment of judgment was noted.

42 However, the respondent’s expert, Prof Lee, was of the view that the
response of different individuals varied considerably. While he would say that
a BAC of 68mg/100ml would have a significant degree of impairment of co-
ordination and motor skills in any individual, he pointed out that it was not
possible to state the precise level of impairment which such a BAC had on the
Deceased. The trial judge noted at [32] of his judgment that this followed
from the first sentence of the quotation above (at [41] _supra_) from the
paper of Dr Lo and Dr Gunasegaram. The trial judge pointed out that the
Legislature, in making it an offence under s 67 of the Road Traffic Act (Cap
267, 1997 Rev Ed) to drive with a BAC in excess of 80mg/100ml, would have
given careful consideration to the issue of the permissible blood alcohol
concentration for motorists. The trial judge did not accept the Appellant’s
contention that the experts’ evidence had proved that a BAC of 68mg/100ml by
itself would render any person, and therefore the Deceased, unfit to drive or
ride a motorcycle. We agree with his analysis of the experts’ evidence.

43 The trial judge went on to consider the evidence of the Deceased’s long-
time friend, Negus, that the former had two glasses of beer and was a person
who could hold his liquor. He noted that the Appellant had not challenged this
aspect of the evidence. The trial judge concluded at [40] of his judgment:

What is the evidence on the deceased’s fitness to ride his motorcycle? There
is evidence that the blood alcohol concentration in his blood was at a level
that could have affected some people’s ability to drive, but there is no
evidence that the alcohol had affected him so that he was unfit to ride, and
no evidence that he was not riding properly when the accident took place.

44 We find the approach of the trial judge to be sound. The manner in which
the Deceased had ridden his motorcycle is a question of fact to be determined
from the entirety of the evidence, of which the experts’ evidence is just one
aspect. The burden of proof rests on the Appellant to show that the Deceased
had been contributorily negligent. In view of the evidence on the manner in
which the collision occurred as discussed above, we are in agreement with the
conclusion of the trial judge.

45 We accordingly dismiss the appeal with costs.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 30 Jan 2007 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

