Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## WBG Network (S) Pte Ltd v Sunny Daisy Ltd  
[2007] SGCA 1

Case Number | : | CA 43/2006  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 12 January 2007  
Tribunal/Court | : | Court of Appeal  
Coram | : |  Belinda Ang Saw Ean J; Choo Han Teck J; Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Gabriel Peter and Ismail bin Atan (Gabriel Law Corporation) for the appellant; L Kuppanchetti Nadimuthu and Christopher Buay Kee Seng (Alban Tay Mahtani & de Silva) for the respondent   
Parties | : |  WBG Network (S) Pte Ltd — Sunny Daisy Ltd   
  
Evidence – Principles – Admission of additional evidence in proceedings other
than trial – Whether conditions laid down in Ladd v Marshall applicable to
Registrar's Appeals vis-a-vis summary judgment proceedings  
  

12 January 2007 |   
---|---  
  
Choo Han Teck J (delivering the grounds of decision of the court):

1 The appellant, having taken delivery of goods purchased from the respondent,
a Taiwan company, failed to make full payment. The respondent sued for payment
in the sum of US$1,057,164.03 being the amount outstanding. The appellant
filed a defence and counterclaim and denied liability on three grounds. First,
that the contract had been between the appellant and a company called
Internation Chlorella Co, Ltd (“Internation”) and that the respondent had only
acted as Internation’s agent through one Prof Wang Shun Te (“Prof Wang”) who
was also the president of the respondent company; secondly, that the amount
claimed was excessive if certain credit notes issued by the respondent were
taken into account; and thirdly, that the goods were not of merchantable
quality. The respondent applied for summary judgment against the appellant. At
first instance, the assistant registrar granted the appellant unconditional
leave to defend. The respondent appealed. Judith Prakash J allowed the appeal
and granted judgment in the sum of US$611,764.03, being the amount claimed by
the respondent in its application for summary judgment. The amount claimed by
the respondent in its application for summary judgment was considerably lower
than that of the sum initially claimed as the respondent had taken into
account the appellant’s second defence of the possibility of a set-off by
reason of the credit notes. The learned judge, however, stayed execution of
the summary judgment pending the outcome of the appellant’s counterclaim for
damages. The appellant appealed to this court against the order for summary
judgment in the sum of US$611,764.03.

2 It was apparent to us that the second defence was utterly without merit
since the respondent had not included the sum that the appellant claimed to be
subject to a set-off (by reason of the credit notes issued) in its application
for summary judgment. Similarly, the appellant’s third ground of defence,
namely that the goods were not of merchantable quality, was bound to fail
since it was not a defence in so far as the respondent was claiming payment of
the purchase price for goods of which delivery had already been taken. A buyer
is not obliged to accept delivery of non-merchantable goods, but if he does
so, his claim would be limited to damages only. There seemed to be no dispute
that the goods in question were delivered to the appellant between May 2003
and September 2004. Instead of rejecting them, the appellant had sold them on
to its customers. As provided under s 35(1)(_b_) of the Sale of Goods Act (Cap
393, 1999 Rev Ed), a buyer is deemed to have accepted the goods if he does an
act (in this case, the selling of the goods to its own customers) in relation
to those goods which is inconsistent with the rights of ownership belonging to
the seller (in this case, the respondent). Hence, on the facts, the court
below was right to hold that the appellant had accepted delivery of the goods.

3 The appellant was thus left with the claim that the respondent was not the
seller, and, therefore, had no right to sue, in order to succeed in
establishing a triable issue. That was thus the main thrust of the appellant’s
case before us. Counsel for the appellant, Mr Gabriel Peter, submitted that it
was evident from an email dated 27 August 2004 from Professor Wang to the
appellant, that the money owed by the appellant to the respondent was, in
fact, money owing to Internation. The salient parts of that email read as
follows:

We don’t want _WBG to owe Internation Chlorella_ more and more outstanding. Do
not just think with your own point of view. Think about us, our company, we
have been trying hard to help your company, WBG., but now … Think about us
with our standpoint! [emphasis added]

We are of the opinion that this passage did not convey what the appellant
claimed it to mean. The meaning that the appellant wished the court to accept
from this passage (_ie_ that the debt must have been owed to Internation) was,
in our view, so exegetically derived that any other equally exotic meaning
could have been asserted in its place. In any event, if the appellant claimed
that the respondent had only acted as an agent for Internation, then we would
expect to see clear words to that effect. Furthermore, even if we were willing
to accept, for the sake of argument, that the respondent was an agent for
Internation, the appellant faced another difficulty. Not only was there no
evidence that the respondent was _not_ empowered to sue for non-payment, but
the appellant appeared to have accepted that the respondent was entitled to
bill, and, implicitly, in the absence of anything to the contrary, to sue on
the bill on behalf of Internation. This was apparent from the affidavit of the
president of the appellant, one Mr Lim Lip Khoon (“Mr Lim”), dated 11 November
2005, in which he noted, at para 16, as follows:

[A]ll Purchase Orders would be sent by the [appellant] to the [respondent] as
agent for Internation, and that the [respondent] as agents for Internation
would bill the [appellant].

The adoption of such a stance, in our view, precluded the appellant from now
claiming that the respondent had no right to sue. Hence, we agree with the
learned judge in the court below that the undisputed documentary evidence in
connection with the sale and purchase of the goods in question showed that the
respondent was the creditor.

4 The final issue before us concerned the refusal by the learned judge below
to allow the appellant’s application to admit further evidence at the
proceedings before her. That evidence consisted of a letter dated 18 January
2005 with three attachments, namely, a document entitled “Formal & Serious
Warning Issued to WBG Network (Singapore) Pte Ltd Owing Exceeds One Million
USD ($1,000,000)”, a document entitled, “Notice to Cease Usage of Registered
Trade Name ‘Crytomonadales’”, and a document entitled, “Full Recourse
Promissory Note” (“the pro-note”) (collectively, “the letter”). The letter had
purportedly been sent by an overseas lawyer to the appellant’s previous
solicitors in Singapore on the instructions of Prof Wang. The letter was not
produced in the form of an affidavit and instead, was merely handed to the
learned judge below by counsel for the appellant at the hearing.

5 We are of the opinion that, based on the improper manner the evidence was
adduced, the court would have been entitled to reject the documents. Documents
do not amount to evidence unless they have been properly adduced and admitted
into evidence by the court. Accordingly, the person adducing the evidence must
do so on oath or affirmation as well as be subject to cross-examination, if
necessary, so as to ascertain the relevance or authenticity of the evidence
that is sought to be admitted. The question of weight is a secondary issue in
that it does not arise until the evidence has been admitted. In this
connection, we note the dual objection of counsel for the respondent in the
court below, namely, that the respondent had not been the writer or initiator
of the letter and that he (_ie_ counsel for the respondent) had no opportunity
to obtain instructions to make any further comment on it.

6 Subsequently, counsel for the appellant requested leave to make further
arguments on the ground that the letter was crucial in that it showed that the
proper plaintiff ought to be either Prof Wang or Internation. In the same
affidavit, Mr Lim also deposed, at para 29, that “the [respondent],
Internation, and Prof Wang are in essence and fact one and the same entity and
that as such, they must be treated as being so.” In relation to that argument,
counsel for the appellant urged the court to take a less stringent approach
towards requests for the admission of further evidence in proceedings other
than the trial. The point made was that the conditions laid down in _Ladd v
Marshall_ [1954] 1 WLR 1489 (“ _Ladd v Marshall_ ”) in regard to the admission
of further evidence should not apply to Registrar’s Appeals _vis-à-vis_ O 14
proceedings under the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2006 Rev Ed).

7 One of the conditions in _Ladd v Marshall_ was that an appeal court would
not allow evidence to be admitted for the appeal after trial if that evidence
could have been obtained with reasonable diligence by that party at trial.
This seemed to apply to the appellant’s case. Indeed, on the facts, it seemed
clear, as counsel for the respondent had pointed out, that the appellant was
in possession of the letter at all material times and decided to produce it
only at the appeal before Prakash J. The learned judge observed that the
appellant did not refer to the decision of this court in _Lassiter Ann Masters
v To Keng Lam_ [2004] 2 SLR 392 (“ _Lassiter_ ”) in which this court was of
the view that the _Ladd v Marshall_ conditions applied to proceedings in
Registrar’s Appeals in situations in which the matter had been subject to a
preceding judicial inquiry that was conducted akin to the trial, for example,
in cases involving an assessment of damages, or, as in _Lassiter_ itself,
where the proceedings were lengthy and oral evidence was required: see
_Lassiter_ at [20]. Nonetheless, in _Lassiter_ , this court formed the view
that in some situations, further evidence might be permitted and that the
discretion is left to the judge hearing the appeal from the registrar’s
decision.

8 It is necessary to briefly revisit this court’s decision in _Lassiter_.
There, the question of the applicability of the _Ladd v Marshall_ conditions
was relevant because, strictly speaking, _Ladd v Marshall_ applied to appeals
from the High Court to the Court of Appeal, and not to appeals from the
Registrar to a judge in chambers. The question was particularly pertinent
since in _Lian Soon Construction Pte Ltd v Guan Qian Realty Pte Ltd_ [1999] 2
SLR 233 (“ _Lian Soon Construction_ ”), this court appeared to reject the
strict applicability of _Ladd v Marshall_ , suggesting, at [38], that in an
appeal to the judge in chambers, the judge would be “free to allow the
admission of fresh evidence _in the absence of contrary reasons_.” That
approach was based on the premise that as the judge in chambers exercises
_confirmatory_ , as opposed to _appellate_ , jurisdiction, the High Court must
have a wider discretion than the Court of Appeal since it was hearing the
matter _de novo_.

9 The concern in _Lassiter_ however, was that the liberal use of such wide
discretion to admit fresh evidence would defeat the very rationale underlying
the delegation of matters to the Registrar. As Chao Hick Tin JA, who delivered
the decision of this court in _Lassiter_ , reasoned (at [20]):

[T]he very _raison d’etre_ of having an assessment of damages being carried
out by the Registrar, instead of before the court, is to save the time of the
judge. This object would be lost, or substantially diminished, if the
applicable principle is that either party is freely entitled to adduce new
evidence at the hearing before the judge or that the judge should, as a rule,
exercise his discretion liberally to admit such fresh evidence, including the
_viva voce_ examination of witnesses. This approach would mean that everything
could be re-opened or further clarified. We do not see how such a rule could
serve the interest of justice. It would only protract the assessment process
and could lead to abuse. It is our opinion that the parties should, as a rule,
present their entire evidence at the assessment.

10 On that reasoning, this court (in _Lassiter_) decided that the second and
third conditions of the _Ladd v Marshall_ conditions should apply to the facts
of that case. As Chao JA (at [24]–[25]) observed:

24 … The first condition under _Ladd v Marshall_ is a very stringent one – it
must be shown that the new evidence could not have been obtained with
reasonable diligence at the trial. Any sort of judgmental error would not be
sufficient to meet this condition. However, for the reasons given in the
previous paragraph, the imposition of the same stringent requirement on an
appeal from an assessment by the Registrar to the judge would not be
appropriate. The judge should be given a wider discretion in the matter. But
this is not to say that the discretion ought to be exercised liberally.
Sufficiently strong reasons must be shown why the new evidence was not adduced
at the assessment before the Registrar.

25 The next question to ask is whether the second and third conditions in
_Ladd v Marshall_ , namely, that the evidence must be such that, if given, it
would probably have an important influence on the result of the case and that
it must be apparently credible though it need not be incontrovertible, are in
any way relevant. To our mind, these two conditions are eminently reasonable
ones. If the new evidence sought to be admitted cannot satisfy the two
conditions, what would be the point of admitting the evidence? It would be
meaningless to do so.

11 We emphasise that the opinion rendered in _Lassiter_ should be seen in its
context: this court’s opinion there in regard to the application of the second
and third conditions in _Ladd v Marshall_ was in respect of an appeal from an
assessment of damages (from an action in tort) that was lengthy and in which
oral evidence was necessary. It should not, in our view, be construed as any
form of unqualified endorsement of any rule that the second and third
conditions of _Ladd v Marshall_ must necessarily apply in all circumstances,
whether they be appeals from an assessment of damages before the Registrar or
in respect of interlocutory applications. This was precisely why, in
_Lassiter_ , at [19], the court implicitly adopted the distinction drawn in
_Ang Leng Hock v Leo Ee Ah_ [2004] 2 SLR 361 (at [15]):

…between the adduction of further evidence before the judge in chambers on an
appeal from the registrar against a decision on an interlocutory application
like an O 14 application, and one that is against a final decision, albeit by
a registrar, which has been taken after a full trial on the merits in that
discovery has taken place, documents and affidavits of evidence-in-chief have
been filed, _viva voce_ evidence has been given and the parties have had the
opportunity of cross-examining each other’s witnesses. In the first case, the
original evidence would have been only documentary. Any prejudice that might
have arisen from allowing further documentary evidence by way of affidavit
could have been dealt with easily by giving the other party a right of reply.
The second situation is very different. In that case, both parties would have
(or should have) prepared for the hearing before the registrar in the same
manner as for a trial in the High Court and would have engaged in the
discovery exercise and in the cross-examination of witnesses. To allow further
evidence to be freely adduced before the judge on appeal could easily lead to
abuse of process.

12 Similarly, the adoption of that distinction led this court in _Lassiter_ to
hold that _Lian Soon Construction_ did not apply to the facts there. As Chao
JA explained, at [18], “ _Lian Soon Construction_ did not concern an appeal
from an assessment of damages by the Registrar to the judge in chambers and
thus the case is not strictly determinative of the present issue.” That
_Lassiter_ only intended to limit the _strict_ applicability of the second and
third conditions of _Ladd v Marshall_ to proceedings with characteristics of a
trial was further explained at [26], where this court noted that it did not
see “any reason why [the second and third conditions of _Ladd v Marshall_]
should not also apply to other similar proceedings conducted by the Registrar,
such as the taking of accounts or the making of inquiries”. Conspicuously, no
mention of its applicability to appeals from interlocutory proceedings or,
indeed, to summary judgment proceedings, was made.

13 _Lassiter_ thus recognised a distinction between the standard to be applied
in appeals where there had been the characteristics of a full trial or where
oral evidence had been recorded (for example, in proceedings of inquiries or,
as in _Lassiter_ , in an assessment of damages) and those that were
interlocutory in nature. As a result, one might not unreasonably conclude that
there is a distinction between the standard to be applied for the adducing of
fresh evidence in cases which are similar on the facts with _Lassiter_ (for
example, in assessments of damages or inquiries)_,_ in which the second and
third conditions of _Ladd v Marshall_ should strictly apply and those which
are similar to _Lian Soon Construction_ (for example, interlocutory matters),
in which the court would be allowed to exercise its discretion more liberally.
The existence of a wider discretion in the latter situation however, does not
mean that _Ladd v Marshall cannot_ apply in such circumstances. Instead, the
existence of such wider discretion would mean that it would be left to the
court hearing any particular matter to decide whether the facts justified the
application of _Ladd v Marshall_ (and if so, to what extent).

14 A party wishing to adduce further evidence before the judge in chambers in
cases where the hearing at first instance did not possess the characteristics
of a trial might still have to persuade the judge hearing the matter that he
had overcome all three requirements of _Ladd v Marshall_ if he were to
entertain any hope of admitting the further evidence because the judge was
_entitled_ , though not _obliged_ , to employ the conditions of _Ladd v
Marshall_ to help her decide whether or not to exercise her discretion to
admit or reject the further evidence. In such a case, if the appellant could
not persuade the judge that the conditions, if applied, would result in his
favour, then it would be unlikely that the judge would allow his application
to adduce the fresh evidence.

15 Reverting to the facts before this court, as the matter arose from a
summary judgment application, the judge below was, strictly speaking, not
_obliged_ to apply the second and third conditions of _Ladd v Marshall_.
Nonetheless, we are of the opinion that she was, nonetheless, entitled to
apply the second and third conditions in _Ladd v Marshall_ as part of her
decision process concerning the application to adduce further evidence. As was
observed in _Lassiter_ , at [25] (reproduced at [10] above), given that the
second and third conditions of _Ladd v Marshall_ are not magical
pronouncements capable of application only in the most unique of circumstances
but simple and sensible directions which should be applied in most situations,
we do not see how the appellant could reasonably mount any argument suggesting
that neither condition was applicable on the facts. In fact, though this
should not be considered determinative of the test to be applied in future
cases since each case is dependent upon its own facts, we would go even
further and say that the judge would not have been wrong had she rejected the
further evidence on the ground that the letter in question had been in the
appellant’s possession all the time and that its absence from the evidence
hitherto had not been satisfactorily explained. Accordingly, though the judge
below did not consider it, we are of the view that it would have been
reasonable for her not to have admitted the letter for failure to satisfy the
first condition in _Ladd v Marshall_.

16 Instead, by applying the second condition in _Ladd v Marshall_ , the
learned judge reviewed the letter and concluded that nothing there supported
the appellant’s case. Indeed, quite to the contrary, she noted that one of the
documents, _ie_ the pro-note, actually appeared to support the respondent’s
case, for it indicated that the legal entity to whom the debt was owed was the
respondent. As such, she was of the opinion that the letter would not have an
important influence on the result of the case. We agree with her view
entirely. In the result, it was apparent to us that there was no merit
whatsoever in allowing the letter to be admitted into evidence.

17 Accordingly, for the above reasons, the appeal was dismissed with costs.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 12 Jan 2007 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

