Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Anwar Siraj and Another v Teo Hee Lai Building Construction Pte Ltd  
[2007] SGHC 29

Case Number | : | Suit 348/2006, RA 241/2006  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 28 February 2007  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Andrew Ang J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  G Raman (G R Law Corporation) for the plaintiffs; S Thulasidas (Ling Das & Partners) for the defendant   
Parties | : |  Anwar Siraj; Khoo Cheng Neo Norma — Teo Hee Lai Building Construction Pte Ltd   
  
Arbitration – Stay of court proceedings – Whether court should grant stay of
proceedings in favour of arbitration – Whether subsequent dispute may not be
referred to arbitration on ground that arbitrator functus officio – Whether
arbitrator concluding arbitration proceedings and publishing award on earlier
disputes considered functus officio for purpose of hearing subsequent dispute  
  
Contract – Contractual terms – Express terms – Dispute between owners of
residential property and main contractor working on property over payments
owing to main contractor and interim certificates issued by architect in
connection therewith – Whether architect having power at any time to issue
further interim certificate correcting any error in earlier interim
certificate  
  

28 February 2007 |   
---|---  
  
Andrew Ang J:

1 This was an appeal from a decision of the assistant registrar ordering that
the action brought by the plaintiffs in Suit No 348 of 2006 be stayed and
referred to arbitration and that the plaintiffs pay the defendant costs in the
sum of $2,500. I upheld the decision of the assistant registrar and the
plaintiffs decided to take the matter further on appeal.

Background

2 The plaintiffs are a husband and wife, the owners of the residential
property at No 2 Siglap View, Singapore 455810, comprised in Lot 425-292,
Mukim 26 (hereinafter referred to as “the Property”). The defendant is a
building and construction company incorporated in Singapore with its
registered office at 314A Joo Chiat Road, Singapore 427565.

3 By a letter of award dated 29 December 1999 issued by the project architect
Mr Tan Hock Beng, the defendant was appointed by the plaintiffs as the main
contractor for the erection of a two-storey detached dwelling house with an
attic, basement and swimming pool on the Property (such development thereon
being hereinafter referred to as “the Project”).

4 The contract between the parties (“the Contract”) incorporated the Articles
and Conditions of Building Contract in the Singapore Institute of Architects
Lump Sum Contract (6th Ed, August 1999) (hereinafter referred to as the “SIA
Contract”) and, accordingly, Conditions in the SIA Contract are hereinafter
referred to by their number as clauses of the Contract.

5 Disputes and differences arose between the parties on various issues
including alleged delay, claims of alleged defects and quantum of payments due
to the defendant.

6 In regard to the dispute over the payments due to the defendant, Interim
Certificate No 11 issued by the architect on 12 January 2001 valued the work
done by the defendant at $726,000 but Interim Certificate No 12 issued on 6
February 2001 reduced the sum to $712,294. According to the defendant, this
was done without the issuance of a revision certificate setting out the nature
of the revision and providing a detailed breakdown.

7 The disputes and differences between the parties resulted in the defendant
issuing letters to the plaintiffs on 25 July 2001, 6 August 2001 and 16 August
2001 giving notice of their intention to refer the matters to arbitration.

8 On 12 January 2001, Mr John Ting Kang Chung (“Mr Ting”) was appointed the
arbitrator by the President of the Singapore Institute of Architects.

9 Alleging incompetence and bias on the part of the arbitrator, the plaintiffs
applied to the High Court in Originating Motion No 26 of 2002 for his removal
and for the parties’ dispute to be heard by the High Court instead. Tay Yong
Kwang J dismissed the application. The plaintiffs’ appeal to the Court of
Appeal was also dismissed. The plaintiffs were therefore obliged to continue
with the arbitration.

10 The arbitrator required each of the parties to pay a sum of $25,000 as
further deposit to secure his fees and expenses. The defendant paid but the
plaintiffs did not. On the application of the defendant, the arbitrator, by
his directions of 21 November 2003, decided that he would not hear the claims
or counterclaim of the plaintiffs as long as his direction to them to pay the
$25,000 deposit went unheeded. It is pertinent to note that the plaintiffs
failed to appear before the arbitrator for the hearing of the defendant’s
application despite twice having been given the opportunity to do so.

11 The arbitrator then proceeded with the arbitration in the absence of the
plaintiffs who had insisted that a number of matters had to be set right
before they would appear.

12 Although under the Singapore Institute of Architects Arbitration Rules, the
arbitrator is to make his award in writing within 60 days after close of the
hearing, in this case it was not until 15 April 2005 that the arbitrator wrote
to inform the parties that the award was ready for collection upon payment of
his fees and expenses amounting to $199,178.40. Neither party collected the
award. At least in the case of the defendant, it appeared that the award was
not collected because of the quantum of the arbitrator’s fees.

13 On 20 January 2006, the architect for the Project issued his 13th Interim
Certificate reducing the value of the defendant’s work substantially below
what the architect had previously certified. On the basis of that Certificate,
an amount of $348,000 would be payable to the plaintiffs, this being the
amount by which the plaintiffs would have overpaid the defendant given the
reduction in the value of the defendant’s work.

14 The plaintiffs brought the action herein for recovery of the said sum of
$348,000. This resulted in the defendant successfully applying to the
assistant registrar in Summons No 2800 of 2006 for a stay of proceedings in
favour of arbitration. The assistant registrar’s decision led to the instant
appeal which I heard and dismissed.

15 The plaintiffs’ submissions may be summarised thus:

(a) Having concluded the arbitration and published the award, the arbitrator
is _functus officio_. There is no arbitrator to whom any reference may be made
on the present claim by the plaintiffs. The plaintiffs are therefore justified
in bringing this claim to the court.

(b) Under cl 31(4) of the Contract, the architect has power at any time,
whether before or after completion, to issue a further Interim Certificate
correcting any error in an earlier Interim Certificate (but not any Delay,
Further Delay, or any other Certificate other than an Interim Certificate) or
dealing with any matter of which he was not aware, or which should have been
dealt with, at the time of the earlier Interim Certificate, or revising any
decision or opinion on which the Interim Certificate was based. Clause
37(3)(i) of the Contract further provides as follows:

The power of the Architect to issue a further certificate under clause 31(4)
of the Conditions shall continue until his Final Certificate notwithstanding
the prior commencement of proceedings by way of arbitration or in the Courts,
to which further certificate full effect shall be given by the Courts or an
arbitrator until final award or judgment.

(c) Clause 37(11) specifically provides that none of the provisions of cl 37
shall be construed so as to limit or prevent either party from requesting the
court to exercise its discretion to refuse a stay of proceedings in any case
where a third party (in this case, the architect) is also involved directly or
indirectly in a dispute with or between the parties to the contract.

(d) Section 12(2) of the Arbitration Act (Cap 10, 1985 Rev Ed) provides:

Where an agreement between any parties provides that disputes which may arise
in the future between them shall be referred to arbitration and a dispute
which so arises involves the question whether any such party has been guilty
of fraud, the court shall, so far as may be necessary to enable that question
to be determined by the court, have power to order that the agreement shall
cease to have effect and power to give leave to revoke the authority of any
arbitrator or umpire appointed by or by virtue of the agreement.

In view of the defendant accusing the architect of having issued Interim
Certificate No 13 fraudulently, s 12(2) comes into play.

(e) Where the evidence is so clear-cut that the defendant does not have any
valid defence, the court will not allow a stay.

(f) The defendant has not shown that it remains ready and willing to
arbitrate.

16 On its part, the defendant submitted as follows:

(a) The architect’s issue of Interim Certificate No 13, almost five years
after Interim Certificates No 11 and No 12, was in breach of cl 31(1) (read
with the Appendix thereto) which requires Interim Certificates to be issued
monthly. It was also issued some 4½ years after the appointment of the
arbitrator. As such, Interim Certificate No 13 was null and void. Besides,
Interim Certificate No 13 ignored the manner and form in which such
certificate was to be issued.

(b) Interim Certificate No 13 was also issued under improper pressure or
interference by the plaintiffs. (The defendant’s other allegation that the
architect had issued Interim Certificate No 13 fraudulently in collusion with
the plaintiffs was withdrawn by the defendant at the hearing before me.)

(c) Clause 37(1) sets out the parties’ agreement to refer disputes between
them to arbitration. The dispute over Interim Certificate No 13 clearly falls
within cl 37(1) and the plaintiffs’ action in Suit No 348 of 2006 is a
wrongful attempt to bypass cl 37(1) and should be stayed.

(d) The arbitration before the arbitrator has not been concluded. The
arbitrator is not _functus officio_.

17 I shall deal with the questions in the following order:

(a) Whether the dispute between the parties over Interim Certificate No 13
falls within cl 37(1).

(b) Whether the plaintiffs’ claim based on Interim Certificate No 13 is
indisputable so that the court has the jurisdiction to decide the claim
despite the parties’ agreement in cl 37(1) for disputes to be referred to
arbitration. In this connection, I shall consider whether the defendant’s
contention that the Interim Certificate No 13 was null and void for any of the
reasons given _prima facie_ discloses a _bona fide_ defence.

(c) Whether cl 37(7) permits a party to apply to court for an order for
repayment of sums allowed or overpaid instead of referring the dispute to
arbitration as provided in cl 37(1).

(d) Whether the arbitrator is _functus officio_ and, if so, whether for that
reason the plaintiffs are entitled to bring their action in court.

(e) Whether the arbitration agreement should cease to have effect by reason of
the defendant’s allegation of fraud against the architect.

(f) Whether the court should refuse a stay of proceedings on the plaintiffs’
contention that cl 37(11) applies.

(g) Whether the defendant was ready and willing to arbitrate.

(a) Whether the dispute falls within cl 37(1)

18 Clause 37(1) sets out the parties’ agreement to refer disputes between them
to arbitration in the following terms:

Any dispute between the Employer and the Contractor as to any matter arising
under or out of or in connection with this Contract or under or out of or in
connection with the carrying out of the Works and whether in contract or tort,
or as to any direction or instruction or certificate of the Architect … or as
to the contents of or granting or refusal of or reasons for any such
direction, instruction or certificate shall be referred to the arbitration and
final decision of a person to be agreed by the parties or, failing agreement
within 28 days of either party giving written notice requiring arbitration to
the other, a person to be appointed on the written request of either party by
or on behalf of the President or Vice-President for the time being of the
S.I.A. or, failing such appointment within 28 days of receipt of such written
request, together with such information or particulars of the dispute as may
be requested in writing by the President or Vice-President for the time being
of the S.I.A., such persons as may be appointed by the Courts.

The arbitration proceedings shall be conducted in accordance with the
Arbitration Rules of the S.I.A. for the time being in force which Rules are
deemed to be incorporated by reference to this clause.

There is no gainsaying that the dispute between the parties over Interim
Certificate No 13 falls squarely within cl 37(1). Nor have the plaintiffs
suggested that the terms of cl 37(1) are not wide enough to cover the dispute
(their contention rather being that _notwithstanding cl 37(1)_ there ought to
be a stay).

(b) Whether the plaintiffs’ claim is indisputable so that the court has
jurisdiction to decide the claim despite the arbitration agreement in cl 37(1)

19 The plaintiffs contended that where the evidence is so clear-cut that the
defendant does not have any valid defence at all, the court will not allow a
stay. For support, they drew on the dictum of GP Selvam JC (as he then was) in
_Uni-Navigation Pte Ltd v Wei Loong Shipping Pte Ltd_ [1993] 1 SLR 876 at 879,
where he said:

It therefore follows that where the claim is undisputed or indisputable the
court and not the arbitrators have the jurisdiction to decide upon the claim
even though the arbitration agreement stipulates for disputes to be referred
to arbitration.

20 I do not find this statement to be in any way controversial. Nevertheless,
for completeness and with a view to elucidation as to the context in which the
learned judicial commissioner made the remark, I note the paragraph
immediately following the dictum cited above which reads as follows:

The common form arbitration agreement provides for disputes to be decided by
arbitrators. In such a case the court should, save in obvious cases, adopt a
holistic and commonsense approach to see if there is a dispute. The
justification for this approach is that it is important to hold a party to his
agreement and avoid double and split hearing of matters. The reasoning in
support of this view is found in _Commercial Arbitration_ by MJ Mustill and SC
Boyd (2nd Ed) at p 123:

Whatever might be the position as regards a defence which is manifestly put
forward in bad faith, there are strong logical arguments for the view that a
bona fide if unsubstantial defence ought to be ruled upon by the arbitrator,
not the court. This is so especially where there is a non-domestic arbitration
agreement, containing a valid agreement to exclude the power of appeal on
questions of law. Here the parties are entitled by contract and statute to
insist that their rights are decided by the arbitrator and nobody else. This
entitlement plainly extends to cases where the defence is unsound in fact or
law. A dispute which, it can be seen in retrospect, the plaintiff was always
going to win is none the less a dispute. The practice whereby the court pre-
empts the sole jurisdiction of the arbitrator can therefore be justified only
if it is legitimate to treat a dispute arising from a bad defence as ceasing
to be a dispute at all when the defence is very bad indeed.

If the defendant, therefore, makes out a prima facie case of disputes the
courts should not embark on an examination of the validity of the dispute as
though it were an application for summary judgment.

21 In the case before me, there is a dispute as to whether the architect could
properly issue Interim Certificate No 13 correcting Interim Certificates No 11
and No 12, given that 4½ years had passed since the appointment of the
arbitrator and nearly 5 years had passed since the issue of the earlier two
certificates. The defendant contended that once a dispute had been referred to
arbitration, it was not open to the architect to issue further certificates.
On that basis, it followed that the Interim Certificate No 13 was not binding
and could be reviewed and revised by the arbitrator. Three cases were cited in
support of the defendant’s proposition.

22 In the first of them, _JA Milestone & Sons, Ltd (in liquidation) v Yates
Castle Brewery, Ltd_ [1938] 2 All ER 439 (“ _Milestone v Yates_ ”), the facts
(adopting the headnotes) were as follow:

The plaintiffs contracted to build a hotel for the defendants, the contract
being in the standard form recommended by the Royal Institute of British
Architects (1909 edition). When the greater part of the work had been
completed and paid for, the plaintiffs went into liquidation. The balance of
the contract price outstanding at that time was £1,234 14 _s_ 6 _d_. As to
£643 0 _s_ 9 _d_., part of that balance, the defendants contended that they
were entitled by the terms of the contract to pay it direct to various
subcontractors; who had been nominated by the defendants’ architect. The
architect had issued a certificate in favour of the contractors, including
sums due to subcontractors, [but] later, in some cases on the day on which the
writ in this action was issued, and in others at a later date, gave
certificates in respect of the same matters in favour of the subcontractors.
No contractual obligation to the subcontractors was placed, but reliance was
placed upon a clause in the contract which said that such sums should be paid
to the subcontractor by the contractor or by the employer as the architect
should direct.

Singleton J held, _inter alia_ , that a dispute had arisen between the
parties, and, that on the decision of the Court of Appeal in _Lloyd Brothers v
Milward_ (1895), 2 Hudson’s BC (4th ed) 262, it was not open to the architect
to give further certificates in favour of the subcontractors. In the editorial
note to the case report, it was observed:

Where there is a power to issue certificates in favour of the contractors or
of the subcontractors, it is a question of some importance whether the
architect, having once issued a certificate, is then _functus officio_ , or
whether he can issue a further certificate, which would, of course, be in
favour of the other type of contractor. What is decided here is that he cannot
issue a further certificate after a dispute has arisen between the various
parties, because it is then for an arbitrator or the court to say what are the
rights of the parties in the circumstances then existing.

23 The second authority cited by the defendant was _Lloyd Brothers v Milward_
([22] _supra_). A brief digest of the case appears in _Hudson’s Building and
Engineering Contracts_ , vol 1, (Sweet & Maxwell, 11th Ed, 1995) at 772 as
follows:

Clause 20 of a form of contract provided that the certificate of the architect
_or_ an award of the referee appointed under the contract showing the final
balance due to the contractor _should be conclusive evidence_ of due
completion of the works and the contractor’s entitlement to receive payment of
the final balance. Clause 22 provided that disputes between the owner or the
architect on his behalf and the contractor, (described in wide terms including
disputes arising from the withholding by the architect of any certificate to
which the contractor might be entitled) should be referred to a referee, whose
award should be the equivalent of a certificate of the architect. Disputes
arose between the owners and the contractor as to whether the works had been
duly completed, and as to authorisation of and charges for certain extras. The
architect subsequently issued his final certificate, upon which the builder
brought an action to recover the sum certified. _Held_ , by the Court of
Appeal, that on the true construction of the two clauses the contract
contemplated the issue of certificates by the architect only before disputes
had arisen, and by the referee thereafter. Once a dispute arose, the
architect’s jurisdiction to certify disappeared and the award of the referee
must be substituted for it. Since, however, the builder had not obtained an
award of the referee his action must fail: _Lloyd Bros. v. Milward_ (1895).

24 The final case cited as a relevant authority was _Loke Hong Kee (S) Pte Ltd
v United Overseas Land Ltd_ [1979] 1 MLJ 108. The decision was cited for only
one holding, _viz_ , following _Lloyd Brothers v Milward_ ([22] _supra_), that
once a dispute had arisen and been referred to arbitration, it was not open to
the architect to give further certificates.[note: 1]

25 It is surprising that counsel for the defendant cited the foregoing cases
without regard to the fact that each of them dealt with the construction of a
contract quite different from the one between the parties to these
proceedings.

26 In _Milestone v Yates_ ([22] _supra_), the contract was in the standard
form recommended by the Royal Institute of British Architects (1909 edition).
In _Lloyd Brothers v Milward_ ([22] _supra_), the agreement was based on the
old form agreed to between the London Builder’s Association and the Royal
Institute of British Architects. _Loke Hong Kee_ ([24] _supra_) dealt with the
then current standard form of the Singapore Institute of Architects (prior to
its revision in 1980) and a supplemental agreement made between the parties.

27 None of the contracts in these cases had anything similar to cl 37(3)(i) of
the Contract. Clause 37(3) together with proviso (i) are set out below:

Such arbitrator shall not in making his final award be bound by any
certificate, refusal of certificate, ruling or decision of the Architect under
any of the terms of this Contract, but may disregard the same and substitute
his own decision on the basis of the evidence before and facts found by him in
accordance with the true meaning and terms of the Contract, provided that:

(i) The power of the Architect to issue a further certificate under clause
31(4) of the Conditions shall continue until his Final Certificate
notwithstanding the prior commencement of proceedings by way of arbitration or
in the Courts, to which further certificate full effect shall be given by the
Courts or an arbitrator until final award or judgment.

I therefore do not find any of the three cases to be of any assistance to the
defendant.

28 Likewise, I find _Steel Industries Pte Ltd v Deenn Engineering Pte Ltd_
[2003] 3 SLR 377 (“the _Steel Industries_ case”) cited by the defendant to be
of no help to the defendant’s case. This was cited by the defendant in support
of its contention that the architect had no power under the Contract to issue
a certificate for payment once arbitration proceedings had begun as so to do
would usurp the function of the arbitrator.

29 In that case, the defendants (the main contractors in a redevelopment
project) nominated the plaintiffs as sub-contractors. Under the sub-contract,
the plaintiffs agreed that they were entitled to seek payment from the
defendants only for the sum certified by the architect provided the defendants
themselves had been paid or were deemed to have been paid by the employers in
the project. The plaintiffs subsequently applied for summary judgment against
the defendants for payment under a certain Interim Certificate No 19 issued by
the architect. The architect had also issued a certificate of payment
(“Certificate of Payment”) certifying that the defendants were deemed to have
been paid by the employers in respect of the plaintiffs’ works. The defendants
sought a stay of proceedings pending a referral of the matter to arbitration.
The assistant registrar ordered a stay of proceedings and dismissed the
application for summary judgment.

30 The plaintiffs appealed, arguing that the parties had agreed that interim
certificates for payment issued by the architect were to be binding between
the parties until final judgment or award in any dispute. The defendants, on
the other hand, contended that the plaintiffs could not sue on Interim
Certificate No 19 as the Certificate of Payment had subsequently been
withdrawn by the architect. They further argued that even if the Certificate
of Payment had not been withdrawn, it was made _ultra vires_ since it usurped
the function of the arbitrator in the proceedings then ongoing between the
employers and the defendants. The particular holding we are concerned with is
found in para 33 of the judgment ([28] _supra_) of Judith Prakash J where the
learned judge said:

Thirdly, there was the question of whether the architect had the power to
issue a certificate of payment once arbitration proceedings between the
employers and the defendants had commenced. The defendants submitted that he
did not because cl 37(3)(i) of the Main Contract provided that once
arbitration proceedings had commenced, the architect may only issue revision
interim certificates under cl 31(4). By implication, this means that no other
certificates may be issued after that point. This is logical because the issue
of such a certificate [_ie_ , a Certificate of Payment] would mean that the
architect had determined that, notwithstanding the arbitration was ongoing and
included an issue as to the liability of the plaintiffs for the delay in
completion, the plaintiffs were not responsible at all for the delay in
completion and had not contributed to the employers’ claim for liquidated
damages. That could not be right as the jurisdiction to decide the point had
been conferred on the arbitrator before the architect took it upon himself to
look into the same point.

31 It is clear that what the learned judge was saying was that cl 37(3)(i)
permitted revision interim certificates under cl 31(4) to continue to be
issued notwithstanding commencement of arbitration proceedings but not a
Certificate of Payment. The decision certainly does not support the
defendant’s contention in the present case that the architect had no power
under the Contract to issue an interim certificate for payment once
arbitration proceedings had begun.

32 The position therefore appears to me to be as follows:

(a) The architect has power to issue a further Interim Certificate at any time
whether before or after completion, correcting any error in an earlier Interim
Certificate but not certain other certificates more particularly described in
cl 31(4).

(b) This power to issue a further Interim Certificate under cl 31(4) continues
until the architect’s final certificate notwithstanding the prior commencement
of proceedings by way of arbitration or in the courts: cl 37(3)(i).

(c) Temporary finality is to be given such certificate until final award or
judgment: cl 37(3)(i).

(d) Apart from allowing temporary finality to a further Interim Certificate,
the arbitrator in making his final award is not bound by such certificate but
may disregard the same and substitute his own decision on the basis of the
evidence before and facts found by him and in accordance with the true meaning
and terms of the Contract: cl 37(3).

33 Returning to the defendant’s objections to Interim Certificate No 13, the
mere fact that it was issued after arbitration had commenced is
unobjectionable in view of cl 37(3)(i) although the long delay of some 4½
years after appointment of the arbitrator and almost 5 years after Interim
Certificates No 11 and No 12 gives cause for disquiet in the absence of any
reasonable explanation. Likewise, the defendant’s contention that Interim
Certificate No 13 was in breach of cl 31(1) (read with the Appendix thereto)
is misconceived. Interim Certificate No 13 was a revision certificate issued
under cl 31(4) purportedly correcting an error in Interim Certificates No 11
and No 12. Accordingly, it did not need to be issued until the occasion arose
for correction. Such a certificate is unlike the normal Interim Certificate
issued monthly under cl 31(1) as the construction progresses. The wording in
cl 31(4) itself makes clear that the certificate could be issued “at any time
whether before or after completion, correcting any error in an earlier Interim
Certificate”.

34 The defendant’s next contention was that Interim Certificate No 13 was
issued under improper pressure or interference by the plaintiffs. If it was,
it could not be conferred temporary finality under cl 31(11). This contention
would appear more plausible than the ones referred to in the previous
paragraph. Firstly, there was the long delay earlier referred to without any
reasonable explanation. Secondly, Interim Certificate No 13 simply reduced the
architect’s assessment of the value of work from $726,000 in Interim
Certificate No 11 (reduced to $712,294.68 in Interim Certificate No 12) to a
mere $364,294.68 without any explanation therein as to the nature and quantum
of the revisions made. Correspondingly, whereas Interim Certificate No 12
purported to certify an overpayment of $26,705.32, this sum escalated to
$348,000 in Interim Certificate No 13. As pointed out by the defendant, this
in effect meant that the plaintiffs would only have to pay a little over
$320,000 for a building having a contract value of $1.2m.

35 It is not explained why the architect did not use the SIA model revision
certificate which would have required the architect to set out the nature and
effect of his decision requiring the revision as well as the nature of the
revision and the calculation. It is also significant that the defendant’s
letters of 13 February 2006 and 3 May 2006 calling on the architect to explain
and justify Interim Certificate No 13 went unanswered altogether.

36 In these circumstances, it is not easy to dismiss out of hand as being in
bad faith the defendant’s allegation that Interim Certificate No 13 was issued
by the architect under improper pressure or interference by the plaintiffs.
Nor do I have to make a finding on the merits that there was indeed improper
pressure or interference by the plaintiffs. It suffices for me to say that
_prima facie_ there is a _bona fide_ dispute whether there was improper
pressure or interference.

37 Another dispute arising from the facts is whether Interim Certificate No 13
was null and void for ignoring the manner and form in which such certificate
was to be issued. In this regard, it would be instructive to refer to
_Tropicon Contractors Pte Ltd v Lojan Properties Pte Ltd_ [1989] SLR 610 (“the
_Tropicon_ case”), the facts of which as set out below (following the
headnotes to the report) bear some resemblance to our present case:

The plaintiffs were building contractors and the defendants were building
owners. They entered into a contract whereby the plaintiffs undertook the
construction of a condominium development (the project). This contract (the
contract) which was in writing, adopted the standard form of the Singapore
Institute of Architects. Under the contract, the date of completion was 14 May
1984. (All future references to clauses are to clauses in the contract.) The
contract was not completed by the completion date and the plaintiffs applied
to the architects in charge of the project (the architects) for an extension
of time, but this request was rejected. During the whole period, the
architects had issued interim certificates to certify the work done (the
certificates) which authorized the plaintiffs to be paid within 21 day of the
receipt of the certificates by the defendants. Payment under 12 of the
certificates had not been made. Following unsuccessful attempts to resolve the
defendants’ refusal to pay the certified payments, the plaintiffs instituted
the present proceedings for the sum of $1,785,294.32 and interest thereon.
After the writ had been served on the defendants, they took out an application
for a stay of all further proceedings on the ground that the parties had
agreed to refer the matter to arbitration. The plaintiffs had at the same time
applied for summary judgment. These two applications were heard by a senior
assistant registrar who dismissed the plaintiffs’ application and allowed the
defendants’ application. The plaintiffs appealed against this decision. Before
the senior assistant registrar had heard the applications, the architects had
‘cancelled’ the original interim certificates issued and purported to issue
revised interim certificates which reduced the amounts payable to the
plaintiffs by amounts equal to liquidated damages in respect of late
completion of the contract by the plaintiffs. Also, a new interim certificate
no 29 was issued. … On [the plaintiffs’] appeal, the defendants argued that
the revised interim certificates were valid and that the defendants were
entitled to the defences of set-off and counterclaim in respect of sums owed
as liquidated damages for late completed, … [_inter alia_].

LP Thean J (as he then was) observed that most of the revised interim
certificates were issued more than two years after the original certificates
and that the basis for the revision or connection was not apparent on the face
of the revised interim certificates (even though they were set out in the
architect’s subsequent letter). He further noted that despite the plain
requirement of cl 31(2), in none of them were the valuation dates given, _ie_
, the dates up to which the revaluations of all the works carried out under
the contract were made.

38 Going on to interim certificate No 29, he again observed that it was not
issued in compliance with cll 31(1) and (2) of the conditions of contract for
the reasons, _inter alia_ , that –

(a) it was issued long after the works were done; and

(b) it did not show any date at which the valuation of the works carried out
under the contract was made.

The learned judge then concluded that all the revised interim certificates and
the interim certificate No 29 were invalid. Upon appeal by _Lojan Properties_
, the Court of Appeal upheld Thean J’s decision although they allowed part of
the appeal on grounds not relevant to the matter before me.

39 Similarly, in the _Steel Industries_ case ([28] _supra_), Prakash J held a
revision interim certificate to be invalid for non-compliance with the
requirements set out in cl 31(4), agreeing with the respondent who had
submitted that in order for an interim certificate to qualify as a revision
certificate under cl 31(4) it had to:

(a) identify the previous certification which it sought to correct;

(b) state the reasons for the correction; and

(c) set out the details of what was being corrected.

40 Unlike Thean J in the _Tropicon_ case ([36] _supra_) and Prakash J in the
_Steel Industries_ case, each of whom was hearing an appeal, both against the
assistant registrar’s grant of a stay of proceedings as well as the assistant
registrar’s dismissal of the application for summary judgment, we are here
concerned only with an appeal on an application for a stay of
proceedings.[note: 2]

41 I therefore do not have to decide on the merits whether Interim Certificate
No 13 is invalid. It suffices for me to say that Interim Certificate No 13
appears to suffer from the same defects mentioned above which were noted by
Thean J in the _Tropicon_ case and by Prakash J in the _Steel Industries_
case.

42 Therefore, _prima facie_ , there are substantial disputes between the
parties in regard to Interim Certificate No 13. Beyond that, it is
inappropriate for me in an appeal on a stay application to embark on an
examination of the merits of the parties’ respective positions as though it
were an application for summary judgment.

43 I therefore rule that the plaintiffs’ claim under Interim Certificate No 13
cannot be said to be undisputed or indisputable.

(c) Whether cl 37(7) permits a party to apply to court for an order for
repayment of sums overpaid bypassing arbitration provided for under cl 37(1)

44 In my view, cl 37(7) cannot be read as allowing a party the option of suing
in court or referring a dispute to arbitration. It merely states what power
the arbitrator or the courts (if they are seised of the dispute) have.
Contrast the language in cl 37(7) with that in cl 37(11) where it is clearly
stated that none of the provisions of cl 37 shall be construed so as to limit
or prevent either party from requesting the courts to exercise their
discretion to refuse a stay of proceedings in the circumstances therein
described. To read cl 37(7) in the manner suggested by the plaintiffs would be
to disregard cl 37(1) without clear sanction.

(d) Whether the arbitrator is _functus officio_ and, if so, whether for that
reason the plaintiffs are entitled to bring their action in court

45 In law, once the arbitrator has published his award, the arbitration
proceedings are concluded. An award is made and published when the arbitrator
gives notice to the parties that the award is ready for collection and not
when they have notice of the actual contents of the award: _Hong Huat
Development Co (Pte) Ltd v Hiap Hong & Co Pte Ltd_ [2000] 2 SLR 609.
Thereafter the arbitrator is _functus officio_. As the plaintiffs pointed out,
the arbitrator stated as much in his letter of 28 April 2006 to the parties.

46 Although, owing to the plaintiffs’ refusal to deposit $25,000 with the
arbitrator to secure his fees and expenses the plaintiffs’ counterclaim had
not been heard, the arbitrator could not be said to be suspended or
incomplete. It is quite clear to me that the plaintiffs did not intend to have
their counterclaim heard by the arbitrator. However, whilst I would agree with
the plaintiffs that the arbitrator for the earlier disputes is _functus
officio_ , it does not follow that the present dispute between the parties
should bypass arbitration altogether. The agreed procedure in cl 37(1) for
referring the dispute to arbitration should be followed with regard to this
dispute. As the learned assistant registrar quite rightly pointed out, a new
arbitrator can be appointed and fresh arbitration proceedings commenced.

(e) Whether the arbitration agreement should cease to have effect by reason of
the defendant’s allegation of fraud against the architect

47 Given that the arbitrator Mr Ting is _functus officio_ , any arbitration
proceedings commenced in regard to Interim Certificate No 13 (being
proceedings commenced after 1 March 2002) would be governed by the Arbitration
Act (Cap 10, 2002 Rev Ed) (“the new Act”) rather than its predecessor in the
1985 Rev Ed (“the old Act”): see s 65(1) of the new Act.

48 The new Act does not have a provision corresponding to s 12(2) in the old
Act which is as follows:

Where an agreement between any parties provides that disputes which may arise
in the future between them shall be referred to arbitration and a dispute
which so arises involves the question whether any such party has been guilty
of fraud, the court shall, so far as may be necessary to enable that question
to be determined by the court, have power to order that the agreement shall
cease to have effect and power to give leave to revoke the authority of any
arbitrator or umpire appointed by or by virtue of the agreement. [emphasis
added]

The power previously given to the court to order that the arbitration
agreement shall cease to have effect, where there are allegations of fraud
against one of the parties to the agreement, has been omitted from the new Act
so that there is no limitation on the arbitrator deciding an issue of fraud.
Accordingly, there is no longer any justification for a court to refuse a stay
of proceedings brought in breach of an arbitration agreement even if an
allegation of fraud was raised by the party applying for the stay. The
plaintiffs’ attempt to invoke s 12(2) of the old Act is therefore
misconceived.

49 Moreover, even if the old Act were to apply, the plaintiffs’ attempt to
bypass arbitration would still fail because, in order to come within the
statutory provision, the allegation of fraud must be against a party to the
agreement. An allegation of fraud against the architect (even if it was not
withdrawn) would not qualify.

(f) Whether the court should refuse a stay of proceedings on the plaintiffs’
contention that cl 37(11) applies

50 Clause 37(11) provides as follows:

None of the provisions of this condition shall be construed so as to limit or
prevent either party from requesting the Courts to exercise their discretion
to revoke the appointment of any arbitrator or refuse a stay of proceedings in
any case where third parties (including in particular a sub-contractor or
supplier or the Architect or Quantity Surveyor or a Consultant) are also
involved directly or indirectly in a dispute with or between the parties in
this Contract.

As may be observed, the provisions of cl 37(11) relevant to this case merely
permit either party to request the court to exercise its discretion to refuse
a stay of proceedings where third parties are involved directly or indirectly
in a dispute with or between the parties to the agreement.

51 Where, as in this case, the parties are in dispute over the architect’s
Interim Certificate, it might be said that the architect is “involved” in the
dispute. Indeed (following the language in cl 37(1)), each time that there is
a dispute between an employer and a contractor as to “any direction or
instruction or certificate of the architect or as to the contents of or
granting or refusal of or reasons for any such direction, instruction or
certificate”, the architect could be said to be involved in the dispute
irrespective of whether he has a dispute with either of them.

52 Clause 37(11) merely gives liberty to the parties to apply to the court to
exercise its discretion to refuse a stay. In the present case, I see no reason
to exercise my discretion to set aside the assistant registrar’s order staying
proceedings in favour of arbitration. If the court were to allow the
arbitration agreement to be bypassed each time this happens, cl 37(1) will be
as good as “writ on water”.

(g) Whether the defendant was ready and willing to arbitrate

53 In reply to the plaintiffs’ allegation that the defendant was not able and
willing to go to arbitration, the defendant explained that they had not
referred the dispute to arbitration because in the defendant’s mind, an
arbitrator having earlier been appointed, there was no need for a further
application for appointment of an arbitrator. This was consistent with the
defendant’s submission (albeit erroneous) that the arbitration had not been
completed.

54 That the defendant was willing to go to arbitration can be seen in its
solicitor’s letter dated 13 June 2006 wherein they conveyed the defendant’s
view that the dispute had to be resolved by arbitration.

55 I am satisfied that the defendant was willing and able to go to
arbitration.

Conclusion

56 For all the foregoing reasons, I dismissed the appeal with costs fixed at
$4,500.

  

* * *

[note: 1]Several other holdings of the High Court were reversed by the Court
of Appeal which reversal was upheld by the Privy Council.

[note: 2]Since the amendment of O 14, r 1 of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R5,
2006 Rev Ed) allowing an application for summary judgment to be made only
after a defence has been filed, it has not been possible for such application
to be heard together with a stay application. It was held by the Court of
Appeal in _Samsung Corp v Chinese Chamber Realty Pte Ltd_ [2004] 1 SLR 382
that the intention behind the amendment must have been that no O 14
application should be made while a stay application was pending.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 28 Feb 2007 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

