Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Dextra Asia Co Ltd and Another v Mariwu Industrial Co (S) Pte Ltd  
[2007] SGHC 51

Case Number | : | Suit 641/2004  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 12 April 2007  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Tan Lee Meng J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Daniel Lim and Cindy Quek (Shook Lin & Bok) for the plaintiffs; Wong Siew Hong and Kalaiselvi Singaram (Infinitus Law Corporation) for the defendant   
Parties | : |  Dextra Asia Co Ltd; Dextra Manufacturing Co Ltd — Mariwu Industrial Co (S) Pte Ltd   
  
Patents and Inventions – Novelty – Alleged infringement of patent for
manufacturing process consisting of combination of unknown elements – Whether
process not new or novel due to prior use, prior disclosure to other parties
and prior art  
  

12 April 2007 |  Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Tan Lee Meng J:

1 In _Dextra Asia Co Ltd and Anor v Mariwu Industrial Co (S) Pte Ltd_ [2006] 2
SLR 154 (the “first judgment”), I held that the plaintiffs, Dextra Asia Co Ltd
and Dextra Manufacturing Co Ltd (collectively referred to as “Dextra”), the
owners of rights in Asia to “Bartec”, a patented invention used in reinforcing
concrete in the construction of buildings, were entitled to damages from the
defendant, Mariwu Industrial Co (S) Pte Ltd (“Mariwu”), for infringement of
the said patent.

2 Mariwu appealed against my decision. It had contended that the patent was
not novel because there had been prior use of the patent in France and Hong
Kong before its priority date. However, Dextra denied that there had been any
use of the Bartec invention in France before the priority date and while the
Bartec invention had been used in Hong Kong, the use was confidential and did
not affect the novelty of the patent. Before the appeal was heard, Mariwu
successfully applied to the Court of Appeal for the admission of further
evidence, which concerned events in 1994. The Court remitted the case to the
trial judge to hear the further evidence.

3 For a better perspective of the further evidence, it ought to be noted that
in 1994, Dextra had not yet acquired the rights in Asia to the Bartec patent
and it was then a licensee of the patent, paying royalties at the rate of 5%
to Establissements A Mure (“Mure”), which had acquired the ownership of the
Bartec patent from its original owner, Techniport SA. In that year, Dextra
collaborated with its fellow licensee, CCL Systems Limited (“CCL”), whose
former officers gave evidence in support of Mariwu, for the purpose of
pressurizing Mure not to sell the Bartec patent to Erico, a common competitor
of theirs, and to reduce the royalties payable by them for the Bartec patent
from 5% to a lower figure.

4 The further evidence comprised the following documents:

(a) a copy of letter from French Asiatic Services & Techniques Co Ltd (“FAST”)
to Mure dated 23 November 1994 (in French with English translation);

(b) A copy of a fax dated 23 December 1994 from CCL to FAST;

(c) A copy of a letter dated 23 December 1994 from CCL to Mure;

(d) A copy of a letter dated 12 December 1994 from FAST to CCL;

(e) A copy of a fax dated 13 December 1994 from CCL to one Mr Pithon with a
draft letter;

(f) A copy of a letter dated 14 December 1994 from FAST to Mure (in French
with English translation);

(g) A copy of a letter dated 14 December 1994 from CCL to Mure;

(h) A copy of a fax dated 23 December 1994 from FAST to CCL; and

(i) A copy of an internal CCL memorandum with notes of a meeting dated 3
November 1994.

5 The further evidence concerned Dextra’s correspondence in late 1994 with CCL
and Mure as well as Mure’s alleged admission on the invalidity of the Bartec
patent at a meeting on 3 November 1994 in Lyon (“the Lyon meeting”), which was
attended by representatives of Mure, Dextra and CCL.

6 The Court of Appeal was of the view that the new evidence ought to be
considered because it revealed that Dr J M Pithon, Dextra’s main witness at
the trial, had questioned the validity of the Bartec patent in 1994 and had
asserted that the patent had been commercialised in France and Hong Kong
before the priority date. As he had asserted at the trial that he knew of no
facts which would invalidate the patent, the new evidence put the state of his
knowledge in issue.

7 At the hearing of the further evidence, only two witnesses, Dr Pithon and Mr
Robert J Copping, a director of CCL from 1991 to 1998, testified.

**_Dr Pithon’s assertion to Mure that the process had been commercialised_**

8 Much attention was focused at the hearing of the further evidence on a
letter dated 23 November 2004 that Dr Pithon wrote to Mure, in which the
former stated as follows:

[W]e have consulted our advisors and taken note. This has enabled us to
conclude that:

a) The process _has been commercialized in Hong Kong and France_ before the
deposit of the patent, and is therefore potentially nullified.

[emphasis added]

9 Dr Pithon certainly had a lot to answer for the position adopted in his
letter of 23 November 2004 but it is pertinent to note that the Court of
Appeal had in para 31 of its judgment stated as follows:

However, we ought to say … what Dr Pithon said in relation to the potential
invalidity of the patent was not, in the context of the letter, an admission
by him that the patent was potentially invalid because of prior use. It was
not for him as an officer of Dextra to admit anything of that nature since
Dextra did not own the patent at that time. It was an assertion made with a
view to getting a better deal from Mure. Whether or not what he had said was
the truth or whether it was merely a bluff, as he has now claimed in this
application, is for the trial judge to determine after hearing the evidence on
this issue.

10 Dr Pithon denied that that he had any real evidence of the invalidity of
the Bartec patent and asserted that his claim in his letter of 23 November
2004 that the said patent had been commercialised in Hong Kong and France was
an “exaggerated bluff” to pressurise Mure to reduce the royalty payment under
his licence agreement, which was then 5%.

11 Dextra was not the only party claiming to have tried to bluff Mure. CCL’s
Mr Copping, who was directly involved in the 1994 negotiations with Mure,
admitted that CCL had no evidence of the invalidity of the Bartec patent. CCL
was thus bluffing in order to pressurise Mure into reducing the royalties
payable for the use of the patent when it asserted during the said
negotiations that the Bartec patent was invalid. Mr Copping admitted that in
1994, CCL’s strategy was to threaten Mure that the Bartec patent was invalid
and then make a “peace offer” to pay royalties at 2.5% and that if this was
not accepted, it would terminate the agreement. If Mure sued, CCL would
respond with an offer of a settlement. CCL considered this strategy workable
because Mure could only sue for the loss of royalties plus legal costs and its
lawyer had advised that if CCL capitulated immediately after receipt of a
writ, Mure could claim only the minimal costs associated with filing the writ.
The relevant part of the cross-examination of Mr Copping is as follows:

Q: Now, this seems to outline CCL’s strategy, … stop paying royalty, terminate
the licence, but if Mure sues, back down. Do you agree that there is a little
gamesmanship here….

A: Gamesmanship?

Q: Yes, being proposed here, it’s a bit of poker, a bit of bluff. Take the
high ground but if you are challenged, back down.

A: That is correct.

12 As Dextra and CCL had joined hands in 1994 to fight off an attempt by a
common business rival to purchase the Bartec patent from Mure and to
pressurise Mure into reducing the royalties for the Bartec payment, Dextra
would more likely than not have shown CCL some evidence of the invalidity of
the Bartec patent if such evidence was indeed in its hands. However, Mr
Copping testified that Dextra gave CCL no particulars about the alleged prior
use in Hong Kong and in France. As for who came up with this strategy, Dr
Pithon said as follows:

Q: Who came up with the idea to try to attack the patent? Was it yourself or
someone else?

A: It was not really me or CCL, it was exploring what option of lever or
threat do we have… [T]his option came into the picture, and after evaluating
what other option we have, we saw there was nothing really serious to make a
lever and we say, “Okay, let’s try that option”.

13 In the face of Mure’s uncompromising stance, Dextra capitulated and
continued to pay royalties to Mure at the existing rate of 5% up to the end of
the licence agreement. It may be said that if Dextra had been so confident of
the invalidity of the Bartec patent, it would not have surrendered so easily
to Mure and continued to pay Mure a handsome 5% royalties for the unexpired
period of the licence agreement.

14 After listening to and observing both Dr Pithon and Mr Copping, I was of
the view that both Dextra and CCL were using the alleged invalidity of the
Bartec patent as a bargaining tool against Mure and that Dr Pithon had no real
evidence of the invalidity of the Bartec patent when he wrote the letter of 23
November 2004 to Mure.

**_Whether Mure admitted at the Lyon meeting that the patent was invalid_**

15 Another key argument of Mariwu with respect to the further evidence was
that it revealed that Mure had admitted at the Lyon meeting, at which CCL was
represented by Mr Copping, that the Bartec patent was invalid. However, at the
hearing, this assertion was not borne out and was in fact not corroborated by
Mr Copping.

16 Mariwu referred to a newly discovered “summary” of the Lyon meeting by
CCL’s Mr J R Brett, now deceased, which was circulated to the Board of CCL,
and was as follows:

In the opening discussions CCL and Dextra asked the following questions of
Mure.

\- Is it true that Bartec was in the public domain before the patent was
applied for?

\- Why did Mure not tell CCL and Dextra?

\- Does Mure accept that this would render the Patent invalid? …

Contemporaneous notes on these questions and the answers given by patent was
applied for

\- _Mure agreed that the product was in the public domain before the patent
was applied for._

_\- Mure first knew of this shortly after acquiring Techniport._

_\- Mure had not told CCL and Dextra because they thought it was evident._

_\- Mure accept that if the information was made public the patent would be
rendered invalid._

[emphasis added]

17 Mariwu’s counsel, Mr Wong Siew Hoong, thus asserted as follows in paras 53
and 54 of his written submissions:

53\. The first and indeed one of the most important aspects of the fresh
evidence is that it documents [an] admission against interest by the
proprietor. This admission was made by Mure and was documented by Brett in his
notes on the meeting in Lyon on 3 November 1994.

54\. The minutes are not hearsay as the Plaintiffs have submitted. They were
made by Brett, who is now deceased. _However, Robert Copping was present at
that meeting and could confirm to its accuracy_. De La Tour was also at that
meeting and could confirm to its accuracy. The Plaintiffs chose not to call De
La Tour and left it to Pithon to challenge that document, which he is not in
any position to do.

[emphasis added]

18 In para 11 of his affidavit of evidence-in-chief (“AEIC”), Mr Copping
appeared to support Mariwu’s case for while referring to the Lyon meeting, he
stated as follows:

[I]t was _admitted by Mure that the Patent was probably invalid_ due to the
priority date of the Patent being well after the Products initial use in
France and Hong Kong. It was agreed by the three parties that as they were the
only ones who knew this fact that they were all better off not revealing the
fact and continuing to work under its protection. It was therefore agreed to
continue paying royalty … and Mure would maintain the Patents in existence.

19 As Mr Copping was the only witness who attended the meeting at Lyon, his
evidence of the proceedings at that meeting was valuable, and especially so
since Dextra’s Mr De La Tour, who also attended the said meeting was not
called as a witness. However, contrary to what he had stated in his AEIC, Mr
Copping’s testimony at the hearing painted quite a different picture of the
Lyon meeting from that stated in his AEIC when he was cross-examined. Apart
from accepting that Mr Brett’s summary of the Lyon meeting was only a
_secondary_ report of the meeting, Mr Copping conceded that _all_ _three_
sentences in paragraph 11 of his AEIC quoted above were erroneous.

20 For a start, Mr Copping retracted the thrust of the first of the three said
sentences in para 11 of his AEIC when he confirmed during cross-examination
that Mure had _not_ admitted that the Bartec patent was probably invalid but
had only agreed that the Bartec patent might be vulnerable. The relevant part
of the proceedings is as follows:

Q: Now the [next bullet point in Mr Brett’s summary]: “Mure accept that if the
information was made public the patent would be rendered invalid.” Do you
agree that Mure was expressing a reservation of judgment whether the patent
was invalid or not?

A: I believe they probably were making a reservation because until it was
tested, it would not be proven.

21 There is a world of difference between an admission by Mure of the
invalidity of its patent and a reservation of judgment by Mure on the issue of
its validity.

22 Mr Copping next accepted that the second sentence in that part of para 11
of his AEIC quoted above was also erroneous. The relevant part of the cross-
examination is as follows:

Q: Now, I want to look at the sentence …“It was agreed by the three parties
that as they were … the only ones who knew of this fact that they were all
better off not revealing the fact and continuing to work under its
protection”. Now, Mr Copping … [w]ould you also agree that this statement is
also in error?

A: Yes, I would agree with that….

23 As for the last sentence in para 11 of Mr Copping’s AEIC, which is that all
the parties agreed that the royalty rate would be 2% and Mure would maintain
the patent, it was not disputed that at the Lyon meeting, Mure insisted on
maintaining the status quo on royalty payments that Mr Copping had described
as “high and abusive”. As such, Mr Copping had to concede that he agreed with
Dr Pithon that his last sentence in para 11 of his AEIC was wrong. How Mr
Copping could make such a glaring error was rather worrying.

24 Apart from the serious errors in para 11 of Mr Copping’s AEIC, Mr Copping
agreed that Mure gave nothing away notwithstanding the pressure put on it by
Dextra and CCL concerning the potential invalidity of the Bartec patent.

Q: Now do you see that in this report of the summary, that whatever proposals
were posed to Mure, they were rejected?

A: Correct.

25 Although Mariwu contended that Mure did not deny CCL’s allegations, some of
Mure’s replies to CCL’s letters were not disclosed. More importantly, when CCL
unilaterally terminated their licence, Mure sued it for infringement. As
Dextra’s counsel, Mr Daniel Lim, submitted, this is not the behaviour of a
party who admits to the invalidity of its patent. Dr Pithon explained as
follows:

Mure didn’t give away on that and they maintained the licence agreement with
full royalty … until [1997], _so basically, we failed in our negotiation,
which proved very well that we did not have any evidence, anything strong_. We
didn’t bring any lawyer to that meeting. _It was pure commercial, trying,
certainly not very good try_ but ... it was a try which failed … _because …
there was no supporting evidence at all…._

In their written statements [Mure] always … defended their position and they …
kept their royalty at 5% and we could not manage to reduce it, _so if our
position was so strong as you say, probably we would have won. We lost because
we did not have anything in hand._

[emphasis added]

26 In view of the aforesaid, it is evident that the assertion that Mure had
admitted that the Bartec patent was invalid was not proven.

**_Failure to call Mr Alain Bernard_**

27 Mariwu asserted that an adverse inference should be drawn from the fact
that Dextra did not call Mr Alain Bernard, the inventor of the process that
was patented. Admittedly, Dextra had the task of explaining why Dr Pithon had
told Mure that the Bartec process had been commercialised in France and Hong
Kong but it does not follow that he is required to call either Mr Bernard or
Mure to testify. On the subject of Mr Bernard, Mariwu also asserted that he
had told CCL’s officers that the Bartec patent was invalid and that he was
unable to attest to this because he was working for Mure. This is pure
hearsay. In regard to hearsay evidence, it is worth recalling that in _Soon
Peck Wah v Woon Che Chye,_ [1998] 1 SLR 234, Yong Pung How CJ said at [27]:

The rationale for the hearsay principle is that the witness cannot verify the
truth of the facts of which he has no personal knowledge. As the person who
does not have personal knowledge of the facts is not in court, the accuracy of
his perception and his veracity cannot be assessed and tested in cross-
examination. Such evidence is unreliable and should hence be excluded from
consideration.

28 Mariwu’s contention that what Mr Bernard allegedly said to CCL’s officers
about the invalidity of the Bartec patent is an exception to the hearsay rule
cannot be countenanced. No authorities were cited to support this
extraordinary contention and section 18(3)(b) of the Evidence Act (Cap 97,
1990 Ed), which provides that statements made by “persons from whom the
parties to the suit have derived their interest in the subject matter of the
suit, are admissions if made during the continuance of the interest of the
persons making the statements”, is inapplicable, if only because whatever
statements may have been made by Mr Bernard to CCL, they were made either
before the priority date of the Bartec patent or after his company had sold
the patent to Mure. As such, the alleged statements, if made by Mr Bernard,
were not made during the continuance of the interest of the person making the
statement.

Conclusion

29 It cannot be overlooked that during the 1994 negotiations, neither Dextra
nor CCL were refusing to pay royalties to Mure. All they wanted was a
reduction of royalties. Possibly, no one was then really sure of the outcome
if a challenge was mounted against the patent. Dextra’s counsel, Mr Lim,
pointed out to Mr Copping that even Simpson Curtis, CCL’s lawyers, had advised
CCL that while it was of the view that CCL could rescind the license
agreement, it was “not certain” whether the Bartec patent was invalid and had
added that it was slightly disappointed that the legal opinion is “not more
positive” than it was. When Mr Lim then asked Mr Copping that there was thus
room to debate whether or not the Bartec patent was indeed invalid, the latter
readily agreed and added that “CCL could not find the actual evidence,
otherwise it would have been a clear cut case”.

30 Whatever suspicions one may have about the validity of the Bartec patent, a
court can only make a decision on its validity on the basis of the evidence
available before it. While the further evidence was initially unfavourable to
Dextra, it was clear after it was evaluated that it did not tilt the balance
in favour of Mariwu’s case or corroborate the boast in the Bartec brochure
that the Bartec process has been used in France before the priority date. This
is especially so in view of the many admissions by CCL’s witnesses of the lack
of evidence of prior use of the Bartec patent, which have been referred to in
the first judgment. It is worth repeating that Mariwu’s managing director, Mr
Tan Tiong Hwa, had made the following important concession regarding claims 4
and 5 of the Bartec patent at the trial during cross-examination:

Q: [T]here is no evidence that claims 4 and 5 were practiced either in Hong
Kong or in France in whatever circumstances. Even if we accept your best case
on prior use, claims 4 and 5 are valid and infringed …. Do you accept that?

A: Accept.

31 Apart from Mr Tan’s concession, it is also worth repeating that CCL’s
former director, Mr Michael Appleton, had confirmed at the trial that the
proof loading machines required for the mechanical compression referred to in
claims 4 and 5 of the Bartec patent were developed with CCL’s assistance after
the priority date. Mr Copping sought to distance himself from Mr Appleton’s
view but it must be borne in mind that he had also confirmed that while it is
essential that the events in 1987 and 1988, which had been considered in the
first judgment, are relevant, he was in no position to contradict any of the
evidence given by CCL’s Mr Brian Rhodes, Mr Appleton or Mr Melvyn Precious at
the earlier hearing.

32 For reasons stated, I saw no reason for altering the conclusion in the
first judgment that it was not established that the Bartec patent is invalid
because of prior use, either in France or in Hong Kong.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 12 Apr 2007 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

