Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Murakami Takako v Wiryadi Louise Maria and Others  
[2007] SGHC 6

Case Number | : | Suit 291/2005, SUM 2966/2006  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 12 January 2007  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Andrew Ang J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Devinder K Rai and Subramanian Pillai (Acies Law Corporation) for the plaintiff; Wilfred Choo (W Choo & Co) and Andre Yeap Poh Leong SC, Adrian Wong Soon Peng and Dominic Chan (Rajah & Tann) for the defendants   
Parties | : |  Murakami Takako — Wiryadi Louise Maria; Ryuji Murakami; Bahari Sjamsjur; Ryuzo Murakami   
  
Civil Procedure – Pleadings – Amendment – Defendants applying to court to
amend defence by including counterclaims and adding fourth defendant to
proceedings – Whether court should allow application – Whether amendments
would cause injustice to plaintiff – Whether defendants' proposed
counterclaims time barred  
  
Conflict of Laws – Foreign judgments – Enforcement – Whether Singapore Court
may enforce judgment in rem by Indonesian Supreme Court if subject matter of
proceedings not situated in Indonesia when judgment given  
  
Conflict of Laws – Foreign judgments – Recognition – Whether declaratory
judgment by Indonesian court entitled to recognition wand giving rise to res
judicata or issue estoppel  
  
Conflict of Laws – Jurisdiction – Forum non conveniens – Defendants applying
to court to amend defence by including counterclaim – Whether Singapore most
appropriate forum to deal with counterclaim  
  

12 January 2007 |   
---|---  
  
Andrew Ang J:

1 The plaintiff, Takako Murakami, is the eldest daughter of Takashi Murakami
Suroso, also known as Takashi Murakami (“the deceased”), and is the executrix
of the deceased’s estate pursuant to the deceased’s last will dated 16 July
1993. The first defendant was the deceased’s wife whom he married in 1968
shortly after the death of the plaintiff’s mother (Yu Yun Hwa) with whom the
first defendant were good friends. The deceased had two children, namely, the
plaintiff and her brother, Takao Murakami, both of whom he formally adopted
after the demise of Yu Yun Hwa.

2 From his marriage to the first defendant, the deceased also had two sons,
one of whom was the second defendant, Ryuji Murakami, and the other being
Ryuzo Murakami. The third defendant, Bahari Sjamsjur, was the brother-in-law
of the first defendant.

3 The first defendant and the deceased commenced divorce proceedings in
Indonesia in 1992. After the divorce between the deceased and the first
defendant was formalised in 1994, the deceased commenced further proceedings
in 1995 for the division of joint assets in the Indonesian courts (“the
Property Proceedings”) but he died in 1996 after which the plaintiff, as sole
executrix of the estate of the deceased, continued with the action. By way of
Judgment No 203 (“Judgment 203”), the Indonesian Supreme Court declared,
_inter alia_ ([20] of the re-amended statement of claim):

(a) that the will made by the deceased was valid and that the plaintiff has
been properly appointed as executrix of the deceased’s estate;

(b) that the doctrine of common property applied to the property acquired by
the first defendant and the deceased during their marriage (_ie_ , that both
the deceased and the first defendant were entitled to an equal share in these
properties) and that among other properties, the Faber Drive, Ardmore Park and
Taman Serasi properties in Singapore formed part of the common property;

(c) that, among other deposits and bank accounts, the following bank deposits
in Singapore are the common property of both the first defendant and the
deceased:

(i) deposit confirmation from Daiwa Bank Ltd dated 30 December 1988; and

(ii) debit/credit advice from Banque Nationale de Paris dated 4 April 1994;
and

(d) that the first defendant was to surrender to the plaintiff as executrix of
the deceased’s estate, half of all the common properties mentioned in the
Judgment including the abovementioned bank accounts, the Faber Drive, Ardmore
Park and Taman Serasi properties.

4 The present dispute between the parties involves the assets in Singapore
forming part of the estate of the deceased. The plaintiff’s claim was in
relation to:

(a) five immovable properties situated in Singapore (including such proceeds
of sale in so far as any of the said properties have been sold);

(b) rental income on any one or all of the said five immovable properties;

(c) moneys in various bank accounts;

(d) items of jewellery;

(e) a deposit held by the Singapore Economic Development Board; and

(f) any other asset(s) belonging to the estate of the deceased.

5 The plaintiff’s claim against the first defendant was founded principally on
Judgment 203. The plaintiff also claimed damages in conspiracy against the
first and second defendants (in relation to the Ardmore Park property) and the
first and third defendants (in relation to the Taman Serasi property) on the
basis that the second and third defendants had knowingly assisted the first
defendant to commit breaches of trust by allowing the first defendant to
transfer the properties to them. In so far as there are Singapore properties
and assets not specifically covered by Judgment 203, the plaintiff avers that
the Supreme Court of the Republic of Indonesia would have made an order in
terms similar to Judgment 203 in respect of such Singapore properties and
assets, had they been properly brought to the attention and notice of the
Supreme Court. The plaintiff’s alternative claim against the second and third
defendants is for a return of half of the legal interest in the properties (or
an equivalent amount thereof in monetary value) pursuant to Judgment 203.

6 Before proceeding any further, it would be necessary to trace the
development of the entire proceedings. Suit No 291 of 2005 was initially
scheduled for a ten-day trial before me commencing on 26 June 2006. On that
day, I heard an application by counsel for the plaintiff in Summons No 2737 of
2006 for certain parts of the affidavit and opinion of the defendants’ expert
on Indonesian law to be expunged. This was on the ground that those parts
related to Indonesian law which had not been pleaded. Rather than allow the
application, I stood it down for the defendants to seek leave to file a
rejoinder out of time and/or to amend the defence as appropriate. The matter
was adjourned to the next day for the defendants to submit their application.

7 On 27 June 2006, Mr Jimmy Yim of Drew & Napier LLC attended the hearing,
having been briefed by the defendants to appear as counsel. He indicated that
his firm had previously advised the plaintiff in regard to certain work and
that he was happy to leave it to the plaintiff to decide whether or not to
object. The next day, on 28 June 2006, Mr Andre Yeap of Rajah & Tann appeared
before me on behalf of the defendants, Mr Jimmy Yim having failed to secure
the plaintiff’s consent to his representing the defendants. Mr Yeap requested
an adjournment for him to consider appropriate amendments to the pleadings.

8 I directed that the defendants’ application be filed and served on 3 July
2006 so that the plaintiff could consider consequential amendments (if any) to
her pleadings and that the matter be heard on 4 July 2006, whereafter the
trial could immediately proceed. The defendants not only sought to make
amendments to the defence but also sought to add Ryuzo Murakami as the fourth
defendant to these proceedings by way of Summons No 2966 of 2006. In the
proposed amendments, the defendants also sought to mount counterclaims against
the plaintiff. The proposed amendments included:

(a) a counterclaim against the plaintiff for, _inter alia_ , an account of the
assets of the estate of the deceased; and/or

(b) consequential orders that such assets be delivered to the second and/or
proposed fourth defendants in accordance with their respective entitlements to
the estate.

This applied especially to properties that the defendants contended had been
declared as joint property under Judgment 203, and which the defendants
alleged the plaintiff had not accounted for or delivered to the second and/or
proposed fourth defendants in accordance with the Indonesian decisions which,
they maintained, recognised the second and/or proposed fourth defendants’
entitlement to the deceased’s estate.

9 On 13 September 2006, I allowed the defendants’ application by way of
Summons No 2966 of 2006 to amend their defence and to add Ryuzo Murakami as
the fourth defendant. Being dissatisfied with my decision, the plaintiff
appealed by way of Civil Appeal No 111 of 2006 against my decision. I now set
out the reasons for my decision.

The decision

10 It is trite law that pleadings can be amended at any stage of an action
[Order 20 r 5 of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R5, 2006 Rev Ed) (“the Rules”)]
and it is in the discretion of the court hearing the application to allow or
dismiss it. The general principle is that all amendments as would permit the
true issues in dispute between the parties to be raised or disposed of would
be allowed provided that this can be done without injustice to the other
party. As Choo Han Teck J in _The Wishing Star Ltd v Jurong Town Corp_ [2006]
SGHC 82 observed, whether amendments to the pleadings should be allowed is
always determined by the question, “Would it be fair to allow the amendment?”
Or, in other words, how might it result in an unfair trial to the applicant
seeking the amendments if the application was refused?

11 The plaintiff objected to the addition of the counterclaim on the basis
that it was a breach of an order of court made by the learned Senior Assistant
Registrar Kwek Mean Luck (“SAR Kwek”) on 19 December 2005 (“Order of Court”).
The _original_ defence contained a counterclaim by the first and second
defendants and they had applied for leave to amend the defence by deleting
certain paragraphs of the defence and withdrawing their counterclaim.

12 The first defendant’s original counterclaim was based on Judgment 203 of
the Indonesian Supreme Court which granted the first defendant a half share of
the joint marital assets. On this basis, the first defendant claimed a half
share of the time deposits in Daiwa Bank (Tokyo) and Daiwa Bank (New York).
The first defendant also claimed a half share of the contents of a safe
deposit box with PT Daiwa Perdania Bank which was allegedly valued at
US$900,000.

13 The second defendant based his claim to the deceased’s estate on Indonesian
Judgment No 2696 (“Judgment 2696”) where the court had apparently declared the
second defendant and his brother as heirs and beneficiaries to the deceased’s
estate. Based upon Judgment 2696, the second defendant claimed (for himself
and the proposed fourth defendant) a two-eighths share of the time deposits
with Daiwa Bank (Tokyo), Daiwa Bank (New York) and the US$900,000 in the safe
deposit box at PT Daiwa Perdania Bank.

14 The defendants’ application to withdraw their counterclaim was allowed by
SAR Kwek who imposed a condition that “the defendants are not to bring in
Singapore in these or subsequent proceedings any action for the same, or
substantially the same causes of action as those made in the counterclaim”.
The plaintiff argued that in the light of the condition imposed by SAR Kwek,
the defendants were in breach of the order of the court made and were in
contempt of court since the defendants’ present application to add the
counterclaim was clearly based on Judgment 203 (in respect of the first
defendant) and on Judgment 2696 (in respect of the second defendant). In
addition, the plaintiff argued that to allow the defendants to add the fourth
defendant at this stage of the proceedings would be to allow the defendants to
circumvent the order of court made by SAR Kwek and was an abuse of process.

15 This argument can be easily disposed of. It seems clear to me that in
ordering the defendants not to bring in the present or subsequent proceedings,
the same “causes of action” as those made in the counterclaim, SAR Kwek
intended that the defendants be precluded from bringing a claim in respect of
the time deposits with Daiwa Bank (Tokyo), Daiwa Bank (New York) and the
contents of safe deposit box with PT Daiwa Perdania Bank; he did not intend to
preclude the first and second Defendants from bringing other claims based on
Judgment 203 or Judgment 2696.

16 The second argument made by the plaintiff in opposing the defendants’
application was that the first defendant’s claim for a half share of the joint
marital assets was time barred. The plaintiff argued that the first
defendant’s proposed counterclaim for a half share of the joint marital assets
arose from Judgment 203 (delivered on 23 February 2000) and was a simple
action on a debt. As such, it was subject to the limitation period of six
years under s 6 of the Limitation Act (Cap 163, 1996 Rev Ed).

17 I agree with the submission made by counsel for the defendants however,
that Judgment 203 is a judgment _in rem_ and is not affected by the 6-year
time bar since it was a pronouncement that certain assets were the joint
property of the first defendant and the deceased under Indonesian law. A
“judgment in rem” is defined in Halsbury’s Laws of England, vol 8(1)
(Butterworths, 4th Ed Reissue, 1996) at para 1019 as:

[T]he judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction when it determines the
status of a person or thing, or the disposition of a thing, as distinct from
the particular interest that a party to the litigation has in it. Thus the
judgment in rem vests in a person the possession of or property in a thing or
decrees the sale of a thing in satisfaction of a claim against the thing
itself, or is a judgment as to the status of a person.

18 I had indicated at the hearing that even if I was wrong in holding that
Judgment 203 was a judgment _in rem_ and therefore not time-barred, I would
exercise my discretion under O 20 r 5(1) of the Rules to allow the defendants’
application to add the counterclaim. However, I am now satisfied that I am
bound by the Court of Appeal’s decision in _Lim Yong Swan v Lim Jee Tee_
[1993] 1 SLR 500 which held, _inter alia_ , that the discretionary power under
O 20 r 5(1) was subject to r 5(5) which requires that the new cause of action
sought to be introduced must arise out of the same facts, or substantially the
same facts, as a cause of action in respect of which relief has already been
claimed in the action by the party seeking leave to amend.

19 But for the first and second defendants’ withdrawal of their counterclaim
before SAR Kwek, the requirement of r 5(5) would have been met. The amendment
not being unjust to the plaintiff who, after all, was similarly relying on
Judgment 203, this would have been an appropriate case for judicial discretion
to be exercised in favour of the defendants. Fortunately for the defendants,
in view of my holding that Judgment 203 was a judgment _in rem_ , the point is
of no great moment here.

20 The plaintiff’s next argument was that even if the defendants were not
time-barred from bringing a counterclaim based on Judgment 203, the first
defendant’s proposed counterclaim was still unsustainable and the defendants’
application to amend the defence should be dismissed because a Singapore court
will not enforce a foreign judgment _in rem_ if the subject matter of the
proceedings, whether movable or immovable property, was not situated in that
foreign country when that judgment was given. In support of this argument, the
plaintiff cited Dicey, Morris and Collins on _The Conflict of Laws_ , vol 1
(Sweet & Maxwell, 14th Ed, 2006) (“ _Dicey & Morris_”) which states as follows
at para 14R-099:

Rule 40 – (1) A court of a foreign country has jurisdiction to give a judgment
_in rem_ capable of enforcement or recognition in England if the subject-
matter of the proceedings wherein the judgment was given was immovable or
movable property which was at the time of the proceedings situate in that
country.

(2) A court of a foreign country has no jurisdiction to adjudicate upon the
title to, or the right to possession of, any immovable situate outside that
country.

21 The plaintiff argued that r 40 of _Dicey & Morris_ provides implicit
support for the view that a foreign court lacks jurisdiction to deal with
movable property situated outside its country. Rule 40(1) is couched in
positive terms, and states that a foreign court has jurisdiction to give a
judgment _in rem_ in respect of both movable and immovable property, where
these are located in the foreign country at the time of the proceedings. The
plaintiff reasoned that the corollary is that a foreign court therefore does
not have jurisdiction to give a judgment _in rem_ in respect of property
(whether movable or immovable), where these are located outside the foreign
country at the time of the proceedings.

22 The plaintiff contended that pursuant to r 40 of _Dicey & Morris_, a
Singapore court should not enforce Judgment 203 in Singapore with respect to
the first defendant’s proposed counterclaim for a half share of the moneys in
the Daiwa Bank Trust Account in New York and the sale proceeds of the
apartment situated in Tokyo, Japan, since these assets were not situated in
Indonesia at the relevant time.

23 The plaintiff further contended that, by virtue of the Mocambique
rule[note: 1], a Singapore court will not enforce Judgment 203 with regard to
the Tokyo apartment. The first defendant’s proposed counterclaim was therefore
unsustainable and her application to amend the defence ought to be dismissed.

24 I will first comment on the plaintiff’s objection to the enforcement of
Judgment 203 in relation to the apartment situated in Tokyo, Japan, as this
can be easily disposed of. It must be noted that the first defendant’s
proposed counterclaim was for the _sale proceeds_ of the apartment and was not
in relation to title to the said apartment. Accordingly, the Mocambique rule
does not apply.

25 I return to the question whether a foreign court has jurisdiction to
adjudicate upon the title to movable property situated outside the country. I
do not accept the plaintiff’s contention that the corollary to r 40(1) is that
a foreign court does not have jurisdiction to give a judgment _in rem_ in
respect of _both_ movable and immovable property located outside the foreign
country. If that were so, r 40(2) would have expressly included movable
property instead of being limited to immovable property.

26 The reason why r 40(2) stops short of including movable property is
provided in _Dicey & Morris_ itself at para 14-106 as follows:

English courts recognise that the courts of a foreign country have
jurisdiction to determine the succession to all movables wherever situate of a
testator or intestate dying domiciled in such country. For this reason clause
(2) of Rule 40 is limited to immovables.

Rule 138 in _Dicey & Morris_ (vol 2) is even more to the point. It states as
follows:

The courts of a foreign country have jurisdiction to determine the succession
to all movables wherever situated of a testator or intestate dying domiciled
in such country.

Such determination will be followed in England.

This is illustrated in _Doglioni v Crispin_ (1866) LR 1 HL 301. In that case T
died domiciled in Portugal leaving an illegitimate son, A. The Portuguese
court gave judgment that A was entitled to T’s movables. T left movables in
England. The judgment of the Portuguese court was held to be conclusive that A
was entitled to T’s movables in England.

27 As was stated in _Re Trufort_ [1887] 36 Ch D 600, 611:

[A]lthough the parties claiming to be entitled to the estate of a deceased
person may not be bound to resort to the tribunals of the country in which the
deceased was domiciled, and although the Courts of this country may be called
upon to administer the estate of a deceased person domiciled abroad, and in
such case may be bound to ascertain as best they can who, according to the law
of the domicil, are entitled to that estate, yet where the title has been
adjudicated upon by the Courts of the domicil, such adjudication is binding
upon, and must be followed by, the Courts of this country.

The position in Singapore is the same. It is surprising that neither counsel
referred to this rule.

28 Where the movable assets of the deceased’s estate are concerned, it is
clear that the governing law would be Indonesian law, the law of the
deceased’s domicile. This being so, it is untenable for the plaintiff to say
that a Singapore court will not enforce Judgment 203, a decision of the
Indonesian Supreme Court applying Indonesian law, with respect to the first
defendant’s proposed counterclaim for a half share to the Daiwa Bank Trust
Account in New York and the sale proceeds of the apartment situated in Tokyo,
Japan, simply because these assets were not situated in Indonesia. The
plaintiff’s objections based on r 40 therefore fail.

29 The plaintiff also argued that a parallel to r 40 of _Dicey & Morris_ can
be found in ss 5(1)(a)(ii) read together with 5(2)(b) of the Reciprocal
Enforcement of Foreign Judgments Act (Cap 265, 2001 Rev Ed) (“REFJA”). Section
5(1)(a)(ii) of the REFJA provides that the registration of a foreign judgment
will be set aside in Singapore if “the courts of the country of the original
court had no jurisdiction in the circumstances of the case”. Section 5(2)(b)
of the REFJA further provides that, for the purposes of s 5, a foreign court
is deemed to have jurisdiction if “in the case of a judgment given in an
action of which the subject-matter was immovable property or in an action _in
rem_ of which the subject-matter was movable property, if the property in
question was at the time of the proceedings in the original court situate in
the country of that court”.

30 Since Indonesia is not a country recognised for enforcement purposes under
the REFJA, the plaintiff argues that to allow the enforcement of Judgment 203
with respect to the Daiwa Bank Trust Account in New York and the sale proceeds
of the apartment in Tokyo, Japan, would be to accord Judgment 203 a wider
recognition at common law than what it would have enjoyed if it was a
registrable judgment under the REFJA. Hence, Judgment 203 should not be
enforced in Singapore as it would cause a disparity between the common law and
the statutory position.

31 The plaintiff’s argument is premised on a misreading of the REFJA
provisions. At best, ss 5(1)(a)(ii) and 5(2)(b) merely provide a parallel to
rule 40(1). Reference may also be made to s 5(3)(a) which states that a
foreign court would lack jurisdiction if the subject-matter of the proceedings
were immovable property outside the country of the original court, which
appears to be the equivalent of r 40(2) of _Dicey & Morris_. For the same
reason that I rejected the plaintiff’s argument with regard to r 40, I am
unable to agree with the plaintiff’s submission that the provisions in the
REFJA stand for the unqualified proposition that a foreign court does not have
jurisdiction to give a judgment _in rem_ in respect of movable property
located outside the foreign country at the time of the proceedings.

32 The plaintiff also argued that New York was the most appropriate forum in
which the first defendant’s proposed counterclaim in respect of the Daiwa Bank
Trust Account should be adjudicated. In response, the defendants contended
that _forum non conveniens_ is not a relevant consideration in the context of
an amendment application. Pleadings are never struck out even if proceedings
have been commenced in an inappropriate forum; they are merely stayed. In
addition, the test as to whether pleadings can be amended should be simply
whether the amendment is plainly or obviously unsustainable. In any event, the
defendants contend that it is well established that a stay of the proceedings
will only be granted on the ground of _forum non conveniens_ where the court
is satisfied that another forum is the appropriate forum for the trial of the
action.

33 I am of the view that it is necessary for a court to determine whether it
is the appropriate forum even when pleadings are amended to mount a new claim.
In determining whether to grant leave of court for service out of jurisdiction
under Order 11 of the Rules, it is necessary for the court to determine
whether there is some other forum which would be a more appropriate forum to
adjudicate on the claim. The test should apply whether the court is
considering whether to allow a party to mount a new claim by amending the
pleadings or to grant leave for service out of jurisdiction; the party seeking
to make a new claim by way of amending his pleadings would have had to
surmount the _forum non conveniens_ argument if he had commenced the action by
way of service out of jurisdiction.

34 However, apart from a bare assertion, the plaintiff has not adduced any
evidence to show that the New York court would be a more appropriate forum
than the Singapore court to deal with the first defendant’s proposed
counterclaim. I am therefore not persuaded by the plaintiff’s argument that
New York is a more appropriate forum to determine the first defendant’s
proposed counterclaim in respect of the Daiwa Bank Trust Account.

35  Another objection raised by the plaintiff to the proposed amendments to
the defence was that the second and proposed fourth defendants’ counterclaim
was based on Judgment 2696, which being the subject of a judicial review of
the Indonesian Supreme Court, was not final and conclusive.

36 The test of finality is the treatment of the judgment by the foreign court
as a _res judicata_. A foreign judgment which is liable to be abrogated or
varied by the court which pronounced it is not a final judgment: _Nouvion v
Freeman_ (1889) 15 AC 1, 13; _In re Macartney_ [1921] 1 Ch 522, 531, 532. This
is to be contrasted with a foreign judgment in respect of which an appeal is
pending. At common law:

[i]n order to its receiving effect here, a foreign decree need not be final in
the sense that it cannot be made the subject of appeal to a higher Court; but
it must be final and unalterable in the Court which pronounced it; and if
appealable the English Court will only enforce it, subject to conditions which
will save the interests of those who have the right of appeal: _Nouvion v
Freeman_ (at p 13).

In the light of the fact that Judgment 2696 can be rescinded, varied or
altered by the Indonesian Supreme Court, I was of the view that Judgment 2696
could not be regarded as final and conclusive.

37 The defendants, however, argue that their proposed counterclaim was
premised not only on Judgment 2696, but also on Judgment 1265 of the
Indonesian Supreme Court (“Judgment 1265”). By way of Judgment 1265 which is
final and binding, the second and proposed fourth defendants were declared as
heirs of the deceased. I should add, however, that Judgment 1265 did not rule
on or declare the second and proposed fourth defendants’ actual share in the
deceased’s estate.

38 The defendants also contended that their entitlement as heirs to the
deceased’s estate was recognised by the Australian court in _Murakami v
Murakami_ [2005] NSWSC 953 (“ _Murakami_ ”). In _Murakami_ , the question
before the Supreme Court of New South Wales was whether an ex parte order
appointing the plaintiff as the administrator _ad litem_ of the deceased’s
estate should be revoked in light of the non-disclosure or misstatements by
the plaintiff in her affidavit in support of the grant of probate or letters
of administration _ad litem_ which gave the impression that there were no
other persons, other than the plaintiff and her brother, Takao Murakami, who
were interested in the deceased’s estate. I agree with the plaintiff that the
issue before Windeyer J in  _Murakami_ was whether there was non-disclosure in
the ex parte application for grant of letters of administration _ad litem_ and
it was clear that Windeyer J was not determining whether the second and
proposed fourth defendants were heirs to the deceased’s estate.

39 It is necessary to examine Judgment 1265 more closely. In Judgment 1265,
the Indonesian Supreme Court dismissed the second and proposed fourth
defendants’ application for a declaration that the deceased’s will was
invalid. However, the Indonesian Supreme Court also affirmed the lower courts’
declaration that the second and proposed fourth defendants were to be
considered as heirs to the deceased’s estate. The plaintiff argued that
Judgment 1265 could not be enforced since it was a mere declaratory judgment
and did not rule on the second and proposed fourth defendants’ entitlement to
the deceased’s estate. In support of this contention, the plaintiff cited
_Dicey & Morris_ at para 14-003 where the authors write as follows:

In the first place, the person in whose favour such a [foreign] judgment is
pronounced may seek to have that judgment executed or otherwise carried out as
against the person against whom it is given. The claimant is then seeking to
_enforce_ the judgment. The case is not different when the plaintiff in the
original or foreign proceedings, being subsequently made a defendant in
English proceedings in the same or related matter, sets up the foreign
judgment by way of counterclaim or other cross-proceedings of a positive sort.
Not every type of judgment is capable of enforcement in this way. A judgment
dismissing a claim or counterclaim is obviously not capable of enforcement,
unless it orders the unsuccessful party to pay costs, as it frequently does;
nor is a declaratory judgment, e.g. one declaring the status of a person or
the title to a thing; nor is a decree of divorce.

40 It is true that a declaratory judgment cannot be given effect to by the
usual mode of enforcement since it is not a money judgment. However, this is
not to say that a declaratory judgment would not be recognised or relied on.
As _Dicey & Morris_ writes at para 14-101, “foreign judgments _in rem_ are
freely recognised in England but rarely call for enforcement”. Rule 35(2) in
_Dicey & Morris_ states:

A foreign judgment given by the court of a foreign country with jurisdiction
to give that judgment … and which is final and conclusive on the merits, is
entitled to recognition at common law and may be relied on in proceedings in
England.

Accordingly, a foreign judgment entitled to recognition may give rise to a
_res judicata_ or to an issue estoppel.

41 Thus, in _Doglioni v Crispin_ ([26] _supra_), the respondent, who was the
illegitimate son of the deceased, applied for a grant of administration in the
English Probate Court. The appellant, who was the sister of the deceased,
contested the grant. The House of Lords held that a previous declaration made
by the courts of Portugal as to the respondent’s entitlement to the
inheritance of the deceased (domiciled in Portugal) as well as his status as
natural son (albeit illegitimate) bound the English courts as well as the
appellant (who participated in the proceedings in Portugal). This decision was
cited with approval in _Re Trufort_ ([27] _supra_) where the court held that
where the title to the estate of a deceased person has been adjudicated upon
by the courts of the country in which the deceased person was domiciled, the
English courts would be bound by such decision and would follow it.

42 For all of the foregoing reasons, I allowed the amendments proposed by Mr
Andre Yeap on behalf of the defendants.

* * *

[note: 1] Named after the leading case _British South Africa Company v
Companhia De Mocambique_ [1893] AC 602 which held that the courts of the
country where the immovable property is situate have exclusive jurisdiction.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 12 Jan 2007 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

