Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Robertson Quay Investment Pte Ltd v Steen Consultants Pte Ltd and Others  
[2007] SGHC 30

Case Number | : | Suit 324/2005, RA 353/2006, 372/2006  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 05 March 2007  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Choo Han Teck J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Chua Sui Tong (Wong Partnership) for the plaintiff; John Morris (Drew & Napier LLC) for the defendant   
Parties | : |  Robertson Quay Investment Pte Ltd — Steen Consultants Pte Ltd; Goh Joon Yap; Shahbaz Ahmad   
  
5 March 2007 |  Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Choo Han Teck J:

1 The plaintiff in this action was the owner and developer of the building
known as “The Gallery Hotel” (“the hotel”). The first defendant was the
company that provided the civil and engineering services in the construction
of the hotel. The second defendant was the person employed by the first
defendant, known as “the official checker”. The plaintiff subsequently
discontinued the action against the second defendant. The third defendant was
the engineer responsible for the drawings in respect of the structural
drawings for the project. The drawings were done in 1996 but was found by the
second defendant to be underdesigned, and thus were corrected and then
submitted to the building authorities in 1997. Unfortunately, the building
contractor was given the uncorrected 1996 version of the drawings and that
resulted in some structural columns being under built and rectification was
thus necessary. The remedial work resulted in a delay of 101 days, from 1
September 1999 to 10 December 1999 (“the period of delay”).

2 The plaintiff sued the defendants in this action in July 2005. The first and
third defendants admitted liability and interlocutory judgment was entered
against them with damages to be assessed. Damages for the costs of the
remedial work had already been paid. The defendants were, however,
dissatisfied with the following items of assessment by the assistant registrar
–

i. Management fees and remuneration for executive directors of the plaintiff -
$49,612.77

ii. Consultant charges - $19,935.48

iii. Management staff salaries - $88,141.37

iv. Interest on loans from shareholders and other related parties -
$279,363.82

v. Interest on bank loans and overdraft facilities - $215,859.84

vi. Loss of rental income for adjoining units - $46,516.13

3 Interest was also awarded at the rate of 6% from the date of the writ to the
date of payment. The plaintiff cross-appealed on the loss of rental income
claimed at $276,882, which claim was dismissed by the assistant registrar. Mr
Chua, counsel for the plaintiff, informed the court at the hearing of the
appeals that the plaintiff would proceed with its cross-appeal only in the
event that the defendants succeeded in its appeal.

4 The two main items of the defendants’ appeal are related, namely, items (iv)
and (v) and so I shall consider them last. Mr Morris, counsel for the
defendants, informed me at the hearing of these appeals that item (ii) had
been resolved. I shall first consider item (i) of the defendants’ appeal
concerning the amount of $49,612.77 awarded for the loss in terms of
management fees and remuneration for the executive directors of the plaintiff.
These were the fees paid to a company called “Assobuild Realty Pte Ltd” and
the plaintiff’s executive directors. The plaintiff had agreed to pay this
company and its executive directors to supervise and manage the construction
of the project. So far as the evidence showed, there was no challenge to this
or the evidence of the plaintiff’s managing director Mr Ngo Soo Hiong that the
_pro rata_ payment for the additional 101 days was excessive. Mr John
submitted that the plaintiff had not proved its loss on this item. His main
contention was that the plaintiff did not provide the detailed account of the
fees payable. This was strictly a matter of fact upon which the assistant
registrar below had found on the testimony of the witnesses. I see no clear
error that warranted any interference with the findings below. The appeal on
this item is accordingly dismissed.

5 As item (ii) was no longer in issue, I next consider item (iii) which was
salary paid to management staff, which came to a total of $88,141.37. Mr John
argued that this would be payment for the salary of the managing operator’s
staff and not that of the plaintiff. Mr Chua submitted that the evidence
relating to this item was adduced through Mr Ngo and was not challenged.
Paragraphs 36 to 38 of Mr Ngo’s affidavit of evidence-in-chief deposed that
commencement of the third party’s (Gallery Hotel) management contract was
delayed by the remedial work, and in the meantime the essential key staff that
were employed had to be paid, and it was the plaintiff who paid them. Mr John
referred to two short questions he posed to the witness in cross-examination.
The questions established, vaguely, that the management staff were not the
plaintiff’s employees, a fact not disputed in any event, and that these staff
members were not identified in the affidavit. It may be that those staff need
not have been employed until after the remedial work was completed, but that
was not established. On the whole, I think that the plaintiff’s evidence was
sufficient. That seemed to be the assistant registrar’s conclusion too. I did
not think that it was an unreasonable conclusion. Consequently, I am not
prepared to disturb the finding by the assistant registrar below and the
defendants’ appeal on item (iii) is thus dismissed.

6 Item (vi) was a claim for the loss of rental income from September to
December 1999, the period of delay, amounting to $46,516.13. Mr John argued
that the evidence of loss was inadequately proved. Mr Chua submitted that the
plaintiff’s evidence of the prospective tenant’s (Tan Nguang Heng) letter of
23 July 1999 was produced and that was sufficient to establish that there was
a loss of that income when the completion of the building was delayed. Counsel
submitted that the letter was only a letter of intent and not a lease. I agree
with Mr Chua that the letter required the plaintiff to send a reply in
acceptance, and once sent, there would have been a binding agreement. Mr Chua
submitted that the plaintiff was unable to accept the terms because the
building could not be let out from October as envisaged because of the
impending delay. Thus, the question was whether this loss was sufficiently
proved. As it stood, Mr Ngo had deposed that the plaintiff was unable to
accept the tenant’s offer and thus did not send the letter of acceptance. I do
not think that the plaintiff therefore had to prove that the prospective
tenant had changed its mind. That would be a matter for the defendants to
show. The evidential burden fell on it. Accordingly, the defendants’ appeal on
this item is also dismissed.

7 I now consider items (iv) and (v) of the appeal. These two items were claims
for loss by reason of interest payments that the plaintiff had to make on
shareholder loans and bank loans respectively. Ostensibly calculated to cover
the period of delay, these payments were a little more complicated, but once
the concept was properly explained the issue was not as troublesome as it
might have been argued below. Essentially, the plaintiff had borrowed money
from the two sources to finance the construction of the hotel. The cost of
financing, as Mr John submitted, was something that had been planned from the
beginning and was thus unrelated to the damage caused by the defendants. It
was analogous, he submitted, to a plaintiff car owner making a claim from a
tortfeasor for the payment of hire purchase on account of damage to the car by
the tortfeasor. Such a claim was unsustainable because the cost of the hire
purchase had to be paid by the plaintiff in any event. Mr Chua, however,
argued that the situation here was different because the financing costs had
to be “capitalised, and had to form part of the construction costs”. While
this might be an accounting procedure, it would mean that it was a factor that
had to be taken into account should the plaintiff sell the building
subsequently, hence, theoretically, actualising a lower capital gain.

8 At this point, it should be noted that the accounting procedure was not in
issue, nor were the calculations of the capitalised sums. The question was
whether capitalising the interest payments in this manner entitled the
plaintiff to claim it as a loss within the meaning of loss contemplated in
_Hadley v Baxendale_ [1854] 9 Ex 341. I accept that the analogy of the hire
purchase payment is an attractive illustration. The problem with analogies is
that they are often not the same as the thing or situation they are being
compared with. But, in this case, it is clear that the capitalisation of
interest, through an accounting procedure, does not change its nature from
interest to capital. To succeed, the plaintiff had to show actual loss because
I think that the loss contemplated in _Hadley v Baxendale_ could only be an
actual loss (which might include imminent loss) and not a notional loss. Since
a loss of profit in the event that the hotel was sold in the future would be a
future loss, clear evidence would be required to prove such loss. Since that
was not possible, there was no loss on this head to be recovered.

9 Conventionally, if a property owner does not wish to sell his property, he
would hope to profit by letting out his property. The capitalised interest
payments would thus have been expected to be recovered through rentals
received, but that is a question of fact, depending on whether the property
was indeed let out. If it was, the compensation would be the lost rental.
Hence, the real question was whether the plaintiff had proven that it was
reasonably foreseeable that the hotel would be rented out (as opposed to
operating the hotel itself, or selling it). The assistant registrar dismissed
the plaintiff’s claim for loss of rental (hence the cross-appeal) on the
ground that this alleged loss did not flow directly from the defendants’
breach and that the plaintiff failed to prove that it was within the
reasonable contemplation of the parties at the time of the contract that the
hotel would be rented out. The evidence found by the assistant registrar was
that the plaintiff’s initial intention was to sell the hotel, and until a
buyer was found, it would operate the hotel itself. This intention was known
by the defendants. I accept these findings from the court below. Consequently,
the defendants’ appeal on items (iv) and (v) succeeds, and the plaintiff’s
cross-appeal fails and is dismissed. The orders below relating to items (iv)
and (v) are varied accordingly.

10 Finally, in respect of the award of interest at 6 %, interest was awarded
by the assistant registrar from the date of the writ to the date of payment.
The writ was issued on 10 May 2005, but it was not served until 19 September
2005 by reason of amendments having to be made to it. I am of the view that
the defendants, who were not responsible for the delay in service of the writ,
would thus be ordered to pay the interests only from 19 September 2005.

11 I shall hear arguments on costs of these appeals at a later date if parties
are unable to agree on costs.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 05 Mar 2007 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

