Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Yeo Guan Chye Terence and Another v Lau Siew Kim  
[2007] SGHC 7

Case Number | : | Suit 855/2005  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 12 January 2007  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Lai Siu Chiu J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Lim Chor Pee (Chor Pee & Partners) for the plaintiffs; Chew Swee Leng (as counsel) and Sng Kheng Huat (Sng & Company) for the defendant   
Parties | : |  Yeo Guan Chye Terence; Theodore Yeo Guan Huat @ Yeo Guan Huat — Lau Siew Kim   
  
Land – Interest in land – Property held by parties as joint tenants – Whether
parties joint tenants at law or tenants in common in equity – Whether
existence of resulting trust overriding right of survivorship in joint tenancy  
  
Trusts – Resulting trusts – Presumed resulting trusts – Whether presumed
resulting trust displaced by presumption of advancement – Application of
presumption of advancement in Singapore  
  

12 January 2007 |  _Judgment reserved_.  
---|---  
  
Lai Siu Chiu J

Introduction

1 This case involved a bitter family dispute. The two plaintiffs, Terence Yeo
Guan Chye (“the first plaintiff”)[note: 1] and Theodore Yeo Guan Huat @ Yeo
Guan Huat (“the second plaintiff”)[note: 2] (collectively referred to as “the
plaintiffs”), sued Lau Siew Kim (“the defendant”),[note: 3] who was their
stepmother and the third wife/widow of their late father, Tommy Yeo Hock Seng
(“the deceased”), claiming that certain properties she held jointly with the
deceased, were held on trust for the deceased’s estate on the basis that the
deceased provided the purchase monies.

2 The plaintiffs were the sons of the deceased from his first marriage to one
Iris Chong Yen Ying (“Iris Chong”), whom the deceased divorced in 1987. The
first plaintiff is the younger of the two siblings. The divorce was
acrimonious and Iris Chong obtained custody of the plaintiffs who were then
aged 13 and 17 years respectively. It was the defendant’s case that the
deceased was estranged from the plaintiffs after the first marriage ended in
divorce and therefore, he could not have intended to have his properties held
on trust for them. In the alternative, even if there was a resulting trust,
the defendant contended that the presumption of advancement in her favour
displaced any presumption of a resulting trust.

Facts

3 The deceased died on 23 November 2004. He had made a will dated 28 January
1992 (“the first will”) in which he named the first plaintiff as his sole
beneficiary. Subsequently, the deceased made another will dated 20 May 1996
(“the second will”) to replace the first will. In the second will, he
appointed the defendant as the sole executor and named her the sole
beneficiary. On 5 July 2005, pursuant to an application by the plaintiffs in
Suit No 32 of 2005, the second will was invalidated by the High Court, by
reason of the subsequent marriage between the deceased and the defendant on 18
December 2000. Accordingly, the deceased died intestate. The defendant has not
to-date applied for Letters of Administration to the estate of the deceased.

4 At the time of his demise, the deceased held the following four properties:

(a) 35 Fowlie Road, Singapore (“the Fowlie Road property”), which was
registered solely in the deceased’s name;

(b) 149 Hougang Street 11 #10-136, Minton Rise, Singapore (“Minton Rise”),
which was registered in the joint names of the deceased and the defendant on
11 October 2000;

(c) 18 Jalan Tari Payong, Singapore (“18 Jalan Tari Payong”), which was
registered in the joint names of the deceased and the defendant; and

(d) 18A Jalan Tari Payong, Singapore (“18A Jalan Tari Payong”), which was
registered in the joint names of the deceased and the defendant.

5 As the Fowlie Road property was solely in the deceased’s name and 18A Jalan
Tari Payong has been sold and its sale proceeds used to discharge bank loans,
the two properties are a non-issue. Hence the properties in contention are
Minton Rise and 18 Jalan Tari Payong (collectively referred to hereinafter as
“the properties”).

6 Before I deal with the issues proper, it would be helpful to set out the
financial sources used to acquire the properties. Minton Rise was bought for
$495,000, using a loan of $396,000 from Standard Chartered Bank (“Standard
Chartered”) [see 2AB-69] and withdrawals from the defendant’s Central
Provident Fund (“CPF”) savings. The Minton Rise property was the couple’s
matrimonial home until the demise of the deceased. The defendant still resides
there. According to the defendant, she is servicing the monthly mortgage
instalments of $2,100 on the Standard Chartered loan, partly through her CPF
contributions and partly by cash; she also pays the monthly conservancy
charges.

7 As regards 18 Jalan Tari Payong, the deceased purchased it in March 2004 as
joint tenants with the defendant for $1.1m. The deceased and the defendant
took a loan of $770,000 from United Overseas Bank (“UOB”) repayable over 17
years, to part-finance the purchase.

The Issues

8 The question I had to determine was whether the defendant or the deceased’s
estate was entitled to Minton Rise and 18 Jalan Tari Payong. Before delving
into the issues in substance, it would be apposite at this juncture to refer
to two interlocutory appeals that arose in the main action.

9 On the first day of trial (20 September 2006), in Summons No 4284 of 2006
(“SUM 4284/2006”), the plaintiffs applied to amend the Statement of Claim
(“SOC”) to identify the correct locations of the properties in dispute. The
defendant did not have any objections and I granted leave to the plaintiffs to
so amend the SOC.

10 On the last day of trial (25 September 2006), in Summons No 4407 of 2006
(“SUM 4407/2006”), after all the evidence had been adduced and the defendant
was about to close her case (save that I ordered her to produce bank documents
to support her claim on 22 September 2006 that she had her own lines of credit
from banks), the plaintiffs applied to further amend the SOC, essentially to
make a concession on one property, _viz._ that half of Minton Rise belonged to
the defendant. I allowed the plaintiffs’ second application in part against
which decision the defendant appealed in Civil Appeal No. 113 of 2006 and for
which I have delivered my grounds of decision (see _Terence Yeo Guan Chye &
anor v Lau Siew Kim_ [2006] SGHC 227).

11 As a result of my decision in SUM 4407/2006, the plaintiffs re-filed an
Amended (No 2) Statement of Claim on 27 September 2006 (“Amended (No 2) SOC”).
Consequently, para 28 of the SOC dated 25 September 2006 filed with SUM
4407/2006 was deleted and paragraphs 30(1) and (2) were added and re-numbered
para 29(1) and (2); the paragraphs state:

29.

…

And the plaintiffs claim:-

(1) A declaration that the property (now registered in the sole name of the
defendant) and known as 149 Hougang Street 11, #10-136, Minton Rise, Singapore
(“Minton Rise property”) is held by the defendant in trust for the estate of
Yeo Hock Seng, deceased;

(2) In the alternative, a declaration that the property (now registered in the
sole name of the defendant) and known as No 18 Jalan Tari Payong, Singapore
(“the Tari Payong property”) is held in trust by the defendant as to half
share thereof for the estate of Yeo Hock Seng, deceased.

12 With regard to the additional prayers prayed for in the Amended (No 2) SOC
(relating to the application for Letters of Administration as well as the
appointment of administrators for the deceased’s estate), I was of the view
that they were premature as they were dependent on the outcome of this suit.
Those prayers should be dealt with after judgment by way of a fresh
application, if necessary. Hence, they were not granted.

13 I shall now refer to the submissions presented by the parties before I make
my findings.

The Plaintiffs’ Submissions

**_Minton Rise_**

14 The plaintiffs proceeded by way of a resulting trust on the basis that it
was the deceased who had provided the purchase monies for the properties –
hence, the properties should result back to the deceased’s estate. The 10%
down payment of Minton Rise (which was equivalent to about $90,000) was paid
by the deceased. The remaining $390,000 came from the housing loan of Standard
Chartered.[note: 4]

15 The plaintiffs argued that the presumed intention of the parties to set up
a resulting trust over the properties was substantiated by the fact that the
properties were owned in joint names. When cross-examined on why the deceased
did not buy Minton Rise in her name only, the defendant replied that
“[h]usband and wife always share everything together. Why buy in my
name?”[note: 5] Further, the defendant accepted that the deceased put Minton
Rise “in joint names because both of you are co-owners” and “if there is a
divorce, he could claim half of it”.[note: 6]

16 Next, the plaintiffs argued that there was no presumption of advancement in
the defendant’s favour such that the properties were intended as gifts by the
deceased to the defendant. The plaintiffs claimed that the deceased was not
generous to the defendant and therefore, he could not have given Minton Rise
to her. In the course of cross-examination, however, the defendant _disagreed_
that the fact the deceased “never paid out any of his own money to give [her]
whilst [she was] in England” was “a sign of a very mean person, not generous
at all” because the deceased was “living on OD [overdraft]” and the defendant
believed that she was “the only person in this world [the deceased] should
have been generous to”.[note: 7]

17 To further rebut any presumption of advancement, the plaintiffs argued that
the properties and bank loans were registered in joint names because the
deceased used the defendant’s name for the purpose of extending the length of
the loan and not because he wanted to transfer the entire interest of the
properties to her eventually.

18 In cross-examination, the second plaintiff asserted that the deceased made
use of the defendant so that he could borrow money for a longer period of time
because the defendant was younger than him (by 14 years) and had a regular
job. However, the second plaintiff conceded he did not “speak to the bank
officer of Standard Chartered”.[note: 8] The assertion was therefore pure
conjecture on the part of the second plaintiff.

19 The second plaintiff agreed that “[the deceased] and the defendant have
committed themselves to service the UOB housing loan” and “upon the death of
[his] father, the defendant would have been responsible for the repayment of
all these loans taken out in their joint names”. He maintained that “the
defendant was merely a nominee borrower of [his] father” and “used by [his]
father”.[note: 9] In re-examination, the second plaintiff was of the view that
if the defendant was unable to pay as a co-borrower, the banks would sell the
property. The sale proceeds would be enough to cover all the loans and there
would still be a balance left after paying all the loans.[note: 10]

20 The defendant agreed that it was normal bank practice that “[i]f a man has
a regular job, he applies for a bank loan at the age of 55, the bank would
give him only 10 years’ loan”. Although the defendant could not comment on
whether the deceased would not be able to obtain a housing loan “[i]f he
bought Minton Rise by himself without any income tax return”, she accepted
that “with [her] joining the deceased, both of [them] got a housing loan for
25 years”.[note: 11]

21 In addition, if the deceased “did not die and he decided to divorce his
third wife for whatever reason”, Donald Yeo Hock Chwee (“Donald”),[note: 12]
the deceased’s older brother (who is a retired lawyer), said that the deceased
would “have claimed back his share of Minton Rise and Tari Payong” and not
have given them away. Donald stated that the deceased “confided in [him] that
he intended to leave his sons some of his properties even as late as
1999.”[note: 13] In this regard, Donald agreed that the deceased “loved Guan
Chye (the first plaintiff) and he made a will in his favour in 1992.”[note:
14]

22 Further, Donald’s affidavit dated 7 August 2006 at [25] reads:

Tommy was very shrewd always only thinking of himself at the expense of
others. If he were a generous person, he would have simply bought Minton Rise
property in the defendant’s name as he was so many years older than her. Tommy
had always the intention of retaining Fowlie Road as he had said Fowlie Road
was derived from Thrift Drive, which he claimed was a gift of love to him by
our late mother.

23 In his affidavit at [23], Donald averred that “Tommy was using the
defendant to obtain financial assistance from her and to obtain a higher
mortgage for his property at Fowlie Road to further his avaricious intention
to gain profit for himself”. Donald added at [26] that “Tommy was using the
defendant to obtain a higher mortgage for his ventures as he was unemployed
and of middle age”. In the course of cross-examination, Donald denied that he
was making “false allegations to help [his] nephews to grab a share of the
properties which they are not entitled to”.[note: 15]

**_18 Jalan Tari Payong_**

24 For this property, the plaintiffs argued that similarly, the deceased paid
for the purchase monies. The defendant stated that the property at Jalan Tari
Payong “was purchased for $1.1 million and the housing loan was $770,000. The
down payment would have been about $330,000”. This down payment came from “the
Fowlie Road mortgage” which “belongs to Tommy Yeo solely at that time”. It was
significant that the defendant conceded that “[i]f Fowlie Road never existed,
[she] would not have got an OD” because Fowlie Road acted “as security” for
the credit facility.[note: 16]

25 It was the plaintiffs’ case that the presumption of advancement had been
rebutted. In cross-examination, the defendant stated that in her opinion, if
the deceased was still alive and divorced her, he would have given her 18
Jalan Tari Payong. However, she subsequently conceded that the deceased was
“the sort of person who would claim back his properties of an ex-wife”.[note:
17] Moreover, the evidence showed that the deceased “has had two divorces in
the past” and “he was not generous to his ex-wives in the divorce”.[note: 18]
Indeed, there was correspondence presented in court written by the deceased
that evidenced his bitterness in having to transfer his Housing and
Development Board flat at Block 202, Marsiling Drive #06-134 to his second
wife Ng Ah Mui, as part of the ancillary proceedings when he divorced her in
or about 1996.

The Defendant’s Submissions

26 First, the defendant submitted that the deceased was estranged from the
plaintiffs after the first marriage ended in divorce and therefore, could not
have intended to hold properties on trust for them.

27 In her closing submissions dated 10 November 2006 at [15], the defendant
contended that “there is clear evidence [referring to the second will] that
the deceased intended the defendant to have everything should he die before
her. The defendant asserted that the deceased cared for no one else except
her. He was totally estranged from the plaintiffs for more than 12 years
before his death in November 2004. He made a [second] will on 20 May 1996 to
give everything to the defendant upon his death”.

28 During his cross-examination, the second plaintiff admitted that he did not
have any contact with the deceased at all from 1994 until 2004, when the
deceased passed away.[note: 19] The second plaintiff saw the deceased “for
[his] last time since when [he] was 17.”[note: 20] In fact, the second
plaintiff’s relationship with the deceased was strained. He stated that his
“attitude towards [his] father was one of hate” and he admitted “saying to the
defendant sometime in November 2004 that [he] will kill [his] father if [he]
saw him in the streets”.[note: 21]

29 However, the second plaintiff disagreed that he did not put up any obituary
“because [he] still hated [his] father” and that “[he] attended [his] father’s
wake and ma[d]e a nuisance of [himself] to embarrass [his] father and the
defendant.”[note: 22] When put to him in cross-examination if “[he] and [his]
brother had filed this unmeritorious claim as a shameful attempt to grab a
share of the estate of a man whom [he] hated”,[note: 23] the second plaintiff
disagreed.

30 In a similar fashion, it was submitted that the first plaintiff was not
close to the deceased, albeit closer than the second plaintiff was to the
deceased. The first plaintiff “last saw [the deceased] when he was 15 years
old”.[note: 24] The first plaintiff’s “last conversation with [the deceased]
was in 1992” and “[he] lost contact with [his] father for 12 years after
that”.[note: 25] However, the first plaintiff disagreed that he “harboured a
lot of hatred towards [his] father” and that “[he] and [his] brother fought
this unmeritorious claim as a shameless attempt to grab a share of the estate
of a man whom [he] hated.”[note: 26]

31 Second, the defendant’s position was that the presumption of advancement
displaced any presumption of a resulting trust. The defendant claimed that the
only property disputed in this case was Minton Rise and “in Tari Payong
registered in [her] name now belong to [her] absolutely.” It was the
defendant’s contention that as the deceased bought [Minton Rise and Fowlie
Road] in joint tenancies, there and then, on the date of the purchase, he
intended to give it to [her] as a gift already when he was still alive” and
“it’s also due to [her] husband’s love for [her]”.[note: 27]

32 Third, the defendant argued that the right of survivorship in a joint
tenancy entitled her to claim the entire legal interest of the properties.

**_Minton Rise_**

33 The defendant claimed that she was currently paying Minton Rise’s monthly
mortgage instalments of $2,100 to Standard Chartered, partly through her CPF
contributions and partly by cash. In addition, she paid the monthly
conservancy charges of Minton Rise. However, the defendant produced no
evidence in court to support her claim that she contributed towards the
purchase price of Minton Rise; I will revert to this issue later.

34 It was not disputed that Minton Rise was the matrimonial home. The deceased
and the defendant were its joint tenants. Upon the death of the deceased, the
right of survivorship operated to make the defendant the sole legal and
beneficial owner of Minton Rise. “When [the defendant] and the deceased bought
the property, they were advised by their solicitors of the legal consequence
of holding the property as joint tenants”: see defendant’s closing submissions
dated 10 November 2006 at [16].

35 With regard to Minton Rise, the defendant stated that the lawyers explained
to her and Tommy about holding the property in joint names. The lawyer said
that “[j]oint tenancy in this property, if one of you were to go earlier, the
survivorship will take over” and “if something happened to you first, the
property will go to Tommy”. “Tommy agreed to this”.[note: 28]

36 The defendant argued that as the Standard Chartered facility letter was
issued before December 2000 (when the defendant found a job as an accountant
after her marriage to the deceased), it could not be the case that the
deceased “had to use the defendant as a co-borrower to obtain loans of 20
years or more because she was considerably younger and had a regular
job”.[note: 29]

37 The defendant’s counsel referred the court to a facility letter from UOB to
the deceased and the defendant dated 12 June 2002, where a line of credit was
given to the deceased and the defendant for $2.218 million, comprising
$798,000.00 for the housing loan to redevelop Fowlie Road: see 2AB-346. The
UOB term loan dated 12 June 2002 had a 21 year repayment period, which term
was shorter than the Standard Chartered loan dated 6 June 2000 for 25 years.
The second plaintiff disagreed that UOB’s “letter of offer also goes against
[his] evidence that the defendant was used by [his] father as a co-borrower
because of her age and because she was 40.”[note: 30]

**_18 Jalan Tari Payong_**

38 The defendant submitted that she put in her own money into the construction
of 18 Jalan Tari Payong and was therefore entitled to an interest in it. The
plaintiffs’ solicitor countered that nowhere in her affidavit did the
defendant state that she “contribute[d her] own money to the development of
Fowlie Road and Jalan Tari Payong”. The defendant responded that she had “a
lot of thing to put, so it might slip out of my mind.”[note: 31] However, the
defendant did not “have supporting documents to support [her] claim [she]
spent $250,000 of [her] own money” because “she had “so much to do.”[note: 32]

39 It was noted earlier in [24] that the down-payment for 18 Jalan Tari Payong
originated from the Fowlie Road mortgage. In this regard, the defendant
submitted that she contributed some money in the construction of the Fowlie
Road property. However, the defendant’s testimony in cross-examination and in
re-examination was contradictory. During cross-examination the defendant
confirmed that she used “about less than a few thousand” of her “personal
money to pay the contractors”.[note: 33] However, in re-examination, the
defendant said that she used $250,000 from her “personal account to pay for
the construction of the Fowlie Road property”.[note: 34] The defendant stated
that she has “a lot of lines of credit of [her] own”. It was for that reason
that I ordered her to produce her bank statements.

40 In response, the defendant produced documents pertaining to her credit card
lines of credit for 2005 and 2006 (exhibits D1 and D2) as well as lines of
credit for 2005 and 2006 (exhibits D3 and D4). The defendant acknowledged that
she used “credit cards to pay for meals, holiday, shopping; [she didn’t] pay
contractors.”[note: 35] Subsequently, the defendant revealed that the
construction cost for the development of Fowlie Road “was financed by a bank
loan”. She admitted that she “made a mistake” earlier when she said that she
“put in $250,000 towards the construction cost.”[note: 36] She stated that
“all this $250,000 is to pay to service the bank’s loans”, “not to pay
contractors”.[note: 37]

41 Additionally, the defendant stated in the course of re-examination that she
used her “credit card facility to pay for expenses connected to Fowlie Road
construction” “to buy some fixtures and fitting for the house” such as “oven
cooker-hood and some lighting.” She also used her credit card to “balance
transfer by the bank to current account because credit card… just like a loan
transfer, then at a lower interest.”[note: 38]

42 The defendant gave testimony that she “still had $30,000 savings, even
after juggling here and there and paying back credit lines”. I then ordered
the defendant to produce her income tax returns for years 2002 to 2006 in an
attempt to verify her evidence on her sound financial standing.[note: 39]

43 Selvanayagam Nadarajah (“Nadarajah”),[note: 40] the architect in charge of
the redevelopment of Fowlie Road, testified that the defendant “conceived the
project”. Also, the signboard that was placed outside 18 Jalan Tari Payong and
18A Jalan Tari Payong while they were being developed listed out the
defendant’s name “[b]ecause the application to URA and all the [government]
departments was only her name.”[note: 41] In re-examination, Nadarajah agreed
that the meetings for the Tari Payong project “carried out without Tommy
Yeo.”[note: 42]

44 The defendant disagreed that for “Fowlie Road, Jalan Tari Payong, [the
deceased] was the brains behind it because as an accountant, he knows about
business, banking facilities” and instead said that the deceased “gave [her]
all to manage.”[note: 43] Further, she stated that it was she who came up with
the idea to “buy old properties, redevelop, sell for a profit”,[note: 44] not
the deceased.

The Decision

45 The defendant’s closing submissions at [11] asserted that “there is no room
for the presumption of resulting trust in favour of the deceased’s estate to
apply because the defendant was equally responsible for the loans needed to
purchase the property”.

46 I am of the view that both on the law and on the facts, the defendant’s
defence fails. The defendant was an unconvincing witness who was both
unreliable and evasive. Granted that the deceased paid for the initial monies
to acquire the properties, but regard must also be given to other competing
factors, which I will now deal with _in seriatim_.

**_The law on resulting trusts_**

47 In _Liew Choy Hung v Fork Kian Seng_ [2000] 1 MLJ 635, the High Court of
Malaysia opined:

The principle of law that I invoke in this case, and for this I quote Dillon
LJ in **_Springette v Defoe_**[1992] 2 FLR 388 at p 391:

... is the age old principle that if two (or more) persons purchase property
in their _joint names_ and there has been _no declaration of trusts_ on which
they are to hold the property, they will, as a matter of law in the _absence
of evidence to the contrary_ , hold the property on a _resulting trust_ for
the persons who provided the _purchase money_ in the _proportions_ in which
they provided it: see **_Dyer v Dyer_** [1788] 2 Cox Eq Cas 92 and the speech
of Lord Upjohn in __ **_Pettitt v Pettit_**** _t_** __ [1970] AC 777 at p 814.

…

According to Megarry J (see **_Re Vandervell_** ’** _s Trusts (No 2)_**
**_,_** **_White v Vandervell Trustees Ltd_**[1974] Ch 269 at p 287 et seq)
there are _two categories of resulting trusts_ , namely, the purchase of
property in the name of another and the voluntary transfer of property into
the name of another, which have been classified as ‘ _presumed resulting
trusts’_. This is because these two types of resulting trusts depend on the
_presumed intention of the grantor_ that the property is to be _held by the
grantee on trust for the grantor_ , so that the beneficial interest returns
(results) to the grantor. The other class of resulting trust is classified as
an ‘ _automaticresulting trust_’ because it does not depend on any presumed
intention of the settlor. An automatic resulting trust exists where property
has been conveyed to another on _express trust_ , but the beneficial interest
returns (results) to the transferor because the beneficial destination of the
property is undermined. This may happen when there is an entire or partial
_failure of the objects of the trusts_. The part of the trust undisposed of
will then result (return) automatically to the settlor.

…

_Presumed resulting trusts_ are _rebuttable_ by evidence of an _alternative
intention_. In the case of a voluntary transfer into the name of another, it
can be rebutted by evidence of an intention to make a _gift_ of the property
to the transferee. Where property is conveyed to the transferor’s _wife or
child_ , the intention to make a gift of it to them is presumed. This
presumption of an intention to make it a gift where property is conveyed from
husband to wife or from father to child is known as the _presumption of
advancement_. Or, in the case of a purchase in the name of another or in joint
names, it is rebuttable by evidence of an intention that the money for the
purchase of the property is to be provided by way of gift, loan, or rent. The
presumption of such a  resulting trust (that is, where the parties hold each
other’s shares in the property as trustees for one another proportionate to
their contributions to the purchase price) can also be displaced by evidence
of the parties’ common intention to share the property on a wholly different
basis for apportioning the parties’ shares, notwithstanding the inequality of
their contributions to the purchase price (see _Springette v Defoe_).”

[emphasis added]

48 The Singapore Court of Appeal observed in _Cheong Yoke Kuen and Others v
Cheong Kwok Kiong_ [1999] 2 SLR 476:

11 We now come to the essence of this appeal. The appellants claim that the
mother was the owner of the flat and upon her death it forms part of her
estate to which they are each entitled in equal shares together with the
respondent pursuant to the rules of distribution under the Intestate
Succession Act (Cap 146). The respondent, however, claims that he is the
beneficial owner of the flat by operation of a resulting trust, because he had
paid the purchase price for the flat as well as its outgoings. When he
transferred his entire interest in the flat to the mother in 1986, no
consideration was paid to him by the mother, and he did not intend to make a
gift of that flat to her. Thus, the beneficial ownership of the flat remained
with him by operation of a resulting trust.

12 The position in equity as to the ownership of a property by a person who
has contributed any money towards purchase thereof is well settled. Where a
person has _paid the purchase price of a property_ (“the purchaser”) and the
property is conveyed or transferred to him _jointly_ with others, or to one or
more persons other than the purchaser, a _resulting trust_ arises in favour of
the purchaser, and he is the beneficial owner of the property: _Dyer v Dyer_
(1788) 2 Cox Eq Cas 92. If there are more than one purchaser and they _paid
the purchase money in unequal shares_ , the beneficial interest acquired by
each of them will be in _proportion_ __[note: 45]__ to their respective
contributions. Such a  resulting trust is based on the _presumed intention_ of
the parties and such presumption is rebuttable by evidence of an intention on
the part of the purchaser to make a gift or by the presumption of advancement
which arises when a voluntary conveyance or transfer is made to a person to
whom the purchaser stands in loco parentis.

13 Hence, in the instant case, if the flat were not an HDB property, the
position would be abundantly clear. Whatever _purchase money_ that had been
paid for the flat had been _paid solely_ by the respondent. Thus, at the time
when the flat was purchased and _registered in the joint names_ of the mother
and the respondent, a _resulting trust_ of the property arose in favour of the
respondent as he had provided the entire purchase money, and he was the
beneficial owner of the flat. There was _no evidence that by taking the
property jointly_ with the mother, the respondent _intended to make a gift_ of
half or any share of the flat to the mother. Also, there was in such a case
_no presumption of advancement_ arising in favour of the mother to displace
the presumption of resulting trust. At the time when the respondent
transferred his entire interest in the flat to the mother, the resulting trust
continued to operate in his favour and the beneficial ownership of the flat
continued to vest in him despite the transfer of legal ownership to the
mother. Hence, if the flat were not an HDB property, the beneficial ownership
in the flat would remain with the respondent by operation of a resulting
trust.

[emphasis added]

_Decision_

Minton Rise

49 The defendant claimed that she paid for the property using withdrawals from
her CPF account and monthly instalments in the form of cash as well her CPF
contributions. However, she did not produce one iota of evidence to support
this assertion. I therefore had grave doubts on whether let alone the extent,
the defendant actually contributed to the properties as she was unable to
prove that she had money in her savings to contribute towards the maintenance
of the properties.

50 My finding can be supported by the defendant’s income and expenses for 2005
and 2006. From exhibit D3, it can be seen that the defendant’s lines of credit
with various banks for November – December 2005 totalled to $37,407.00. Her
credit cards line of credit for November – December 2005 according to exhibit
D1 amounted to a sum of $30,700. Her expenditure for November – December 2005
added up to approximately $16,000.

51 As for July – August 2006, the defendant’s lines of credit with various
banks in exhibit D4 amounted to $37,407.00. In exhibit D2, her credit cards
line of credit for July – August 2006 amounted to $30,700. Her expenses for
November – December 2005 were estimated to be $14,600 (see exhibit D2).

52 The earnings of the defendant were as follows (see exhibit D5):

Year of Assessment |  Annual Income |  Monthly Income  
---|---|---  
2001 |  $27,978 |  $2,331.50  
2002 |  $41,600 |  $3,466.67  
2003 |  $44,000 |  $3,666.67  
2004 |  $41,190 |  $3,432.50  
  
53 It appeared that the defendant was spending beyond her means. Her monthly
expenditure greatly exceeded her monthly income. Given the defendant’s monthly
salary, it was clear that she did not have very much savings to contribute to
the construction of the properties. In fact, after examining the defendant’s
income tax returns from 2001 to 2004, I concluded that she did not have any
savings at all.

54 In their pleadings, the plaintiffs had prayed for a declaration that Minton
_Rise_ was held by the defendant on trust for the deceased’s estate (see also
their closing submissions dated 4 December 2006 at [16]). In essence, the
plaintiffs sought an absolute title of Minton Rise to result back to the
deceased’s estate. However, the defendant could not be deprived of any
interest in the properties. She was after all, the joint borrower of the
Standard Chartered loan for Minton Rise. While the deceased was alive, Minton
Rise was the matrimonial home of the deceased and the defendant and she
continues to reside there.

55 In my view, there was a resulting trust over Minton Rise in the proportions
of the financial contributions of the deceased and the defendant. To
reiterate, Minton Rise was bought for $495,000. The tenure of the loan was 25
years. The deceased passed away on 23 November 2004. The repayment scheme was
as follows (see 2AB-69):

Repayment |  First year: S$1,982.47  
---|---  
|  Second year: S$2,193.61  
|  Subsequent years: S$2,299.80  
  
56 The Standard Chartered housing loan, inclusive of interest rates, totalled
($1,982.47 x 12) + ($2,193.61 x 12) + ($2,299.80 x 12 x 23) = $684,857.76.
Therefore, the sum of money used to purchase Minton Rise was ($495,000 -
$396,000) + $684,857.76 = _$783,857.76_. I noted that the loan period
commenced on 6 June 2000. The tenure of the loan was 25 years. The deceased
passed away on 23 November 2004.

57 Assuming the defendant was currently paying the monthly mortgage
instalments of Minton Rise, the breakdowns of the purchase price borne by the
deceased and the defendant were as follows:

What the deceased was  
responsible for |  Percentage of the total  
price of $783,857.76  
borne by deceased |  |  What the defendant was  
responsible for |  Percentage of the total  
price of $783,857.76  
borne by the defendant  
---|---|---|---|---  
$90,000 |  11.48% |  |  - |  -  
- |  - |  |  $495,000 - $396,000 -  
$90,000 = $9,000 from the defendant’s CPF  
savings |  1.15%  
($1,982.47 x 12) +  
($2,193.61 x 12) +  
($2,299.80 x 24) =  
$105,308.16 [for four years from 2000  
to 2004] |  13.43% (assuming  
6.715% each) |  |  ($1,982.47 x 12) +  
($2,193.61 x 12) +  
($2,299.80 x 24) =  
$105,308.16 [for four years from 2000  
to 2004] |  13.43% (assuming  
6.715% each)  
- |  - |  |  $2,299.80 x 2 =  
$4,599.60 [for two years from 2004  
to 2006] |  0.59%  
$2,299.80 x 12 x 19 =  
$524,354.40 [for the remaining 19  
years] |  66.89% (assuming  
33.445% each) |  |  $2,299.80 x 12 x 19 =  
$524,354.40 [for the remaining 19  
years] |  66.89% (assuming  
33.445% each)  
- |  - |  |  Monthly conservancy  
charges |  6.46%  
**Total** |  **51.64** % |  |  **Total** |  **48.36%**  
  
58 Even if the deceased added the defendant’s name in the bank loans for the
purposes of obtaining a larger loan figure and a longer repayment period, this
did not negate the fact that she was a joint borrower of the loan. Upon the
deceased’s death, the defendant would be solely responsible for the repayment
of the loan. Bearing in mind that a large bulk of the housing loan had yet to
be repaid, rough and ready justice dictated that it was ideal to apportion 50%
to the deceased’s estate, to be held on trust by the defendant for the estate,
and 50% to the defendant.

18 Jalan Tari Payong

59 The plaintiffs had asked for a declaration that 18 Jalan Tari Payong was
held by the defendant on trust for the deceased’s estate. Alternatively, they
prayed for a declaration that 18 Jalan Tari Payong was held on trust by the
defendant as to half share for the deceased’s estate: see the Amended (No. 2)
SOC and the plaintiffs’ submissions dated 4 December 2006 at [16].

60 The defendant asserted that the $250,000 to pay for the extra construction
costs that she was claiming against Fowlie Road originated from her “salary,
[her] line of credit, and [her] overdraft ….[from] the UOB bank”. She “used
the Tari Payong money to pay for the Fowlie loan”. Eventually, she conceded
that she did not have her own money, i.e. $250,000.[note: 46] I was not
convinced that the defendant used her own money to pay $250,000 to put into
the redevelopment of Tari Payong. As shown in paras [50] and [51] above, the
evidence did not support her positive assertion.

61 To recapitulate, 18 Jalan Tari Payong was bought for $1.1m. Nowhere in the
evidence was it stated who paid for the monthly instalments of the housing
loan from UOB. As it was a joint loan, I would have to assume that the payment
of monthly instalments were in equal proportions. The breakdowns of the price
borne by the deceased and the defendant were as follows:

What the deceased was  
responsible for |  Percentage of the total  
price of $1.1m borne by  
deceased |  |  What the defendant was  
responsible for |  Percentage of the total  
price of $1.1m borne by  
the defendant  
---|---|---|---|---  
10% down payment =  
$330,000 from the Fowlie  
Road mortgage which  
belonged solely to the  
deceased at the material  
time |  30% |  |  - |  -  
Joint loan of $770,000  
from UOB |  70% (assuming 35%  
each) |  |  Joint loan of $770,000  
from UOB |  70% (assuming 35%  
each)  
**Total** |  **65%** |  |  **Total** |  **35%**  
  
62 As reinforced by case law, I am of the opinion that the property ought to
be held on a resulting trust for the persons who provided the purchase money
in the proportions in which they contributed. Accordingly, I apportion 65% of
18 Jalan Tari Payong to the deceased’s estate, which would be held on trust by
the defendant for the estate, and 35% to the defendant.

**_The presumption of advancement_**

63 In the plaintiffs’ Opening Statement at [7], it was stated “Tommy Yeo would
not have intended to give the two new houses to the defendant as a gift. If he
had that intention, the property would have been purchased only in the name of
the defendant”.

64 The defendant submitted on the other hand that “the presumption of
advancement applied to Minton Rise”: see the defendant’s submissions at [12].
The defendant’s Opening Statement (at [10]) stated:

(a) Furthermore, the evidence negates any presumption of resulting trust in
favour of the estate of the deceased.

(b) The purchase price of each property was paid from the respective housing
loans obtained by both of them;

(c) The deceased said many times that when he dies, everything would go to the
defendant;

(d) The deceased made a will on 20 May 1996 in favour of the defendant; and

(e) The properties were held in their joint names.

65 I reject the defendant’s argument – I find that the presumption of a
resulting trust was not displaced in this case by the presumption of
advancement. I would add that Singapore courts have moved away from the
presumption of advancement, on the basis that the presumption of advancement
is no longer applicable in modern times unless there is evidence to support
the same.

66 “Thus the current judicial approach towards the presumption of advancement
is to treat it as an evidential instrument of last resort where there is no
direct evidence as to the intention of the parties rather than as an oft-
applied rule of thumb”: _Teo Siew Har v Lee Kuan Yew_ [1999] 4 SLR 560 at
[29].

67 I had opined in _Lai Min Tet v Lai Min Kin_ [2004] 1 SLR 499 at [46]:

… It should also be borne in mind that _Tinker v Tinker_ is a 1970 case. Since
then, the presumption of advancement has increasingly been applied as a
principle of last resort. _Tinker v Tinker_ was decided by the Court of Appeal
in December 1969. It was preceded by the House of Lords decision in _Pettitt v
Pettitt_ [1970] AC 777 where their Lordships (Lord Reid, Lord Hodson and Lord
Diplock) opined that there is no longer any reasonable basis for the
presumption of advancement and the considerations which gave rise to it, to
apply in modern times.

68 Further, the Court of Appeal in _Lee Hiok Tng (in her personal capacity) v
Lee Hiok Tng and another (executors and trustees for the estate of Lee Wee
Nam, deceased) and Others_ [2001] 3 SLR 41 observed thatthe presumption of
advancement in the context of husband and wife was readily rebutted by
comparatively slight evidence. It was stated at [36]:

… This presumption is essentially an evidential rule, based on relationship
(_eg_ husband and wife, father and son), to rebut the opposing presumption of
a resulting trust where a transfer of property is made by one person to
another without consideration. In _Teo Siew Har v Lee Kuan Yew_ [1999] 4 SLR
560, this court, after considering _Pettitt v Pettitt_ [1970] AC 777; [1969] 2
All ER 385, observed that, in the context of husband and wife, the application
of this presumption has diminished in recent years in line with changing
social norms. It also noted that the current approach is to treat the
presumption “as an evidential instrument of last resort where there is no
direct evidence as to the intention of the parties rather than as an oft-
applied rule of the thumb”.

69 As encapsulated succinctly in the headnote of _Neo Tai Kim v Foo Stie Wah_
[1980-1981] SLR 215:

If the parties were husband and wife and the husband was the provider of the
funds for the purchase of the property and put it in the name of his wife, a
resulting trust in favour of the husband did not arise as the doctrine of the
presumption of advancement came into play on behalf of the wife to negative to
resulting trust in favour of the husband. The doctrine of presumption of
advancement was a rebuttable presumption and could be rebutted if the husband
could show that, at the time of the transaction there was, as between them, a
common intention that it was to be otherwise. Common intention might be proved
by the acts and declarations of the parties before or at or immediately after
the time of purchase, constituting part of the same transaction but subsequent
declarations were admissible as evidence only against the party who made them
and not in his favour.

70 I note that in _Low Gim Siah & others v Low Geok Khim & Another_ [2006]
SGCA 45 (_Low Gim Siah’s_ case), Chan Sek Keong CJ reaffirmed the
applicability and relevance in Singapore of the presumption of advancement for
_in loco parentis_ relationships. This recent pronouncement from the Court of
Appeal has no impact on my findings for several reasons. First, even in _Low
Gim Siah’s_ case, Chan CJ cautioned (at [33]) that _the presumption is not
absolute and may be rebutted by evidence_. Second, he noted that recent court
decisions in England and Singapore have held that because of changed social
conditions, the presumption of advancement may be rebutted by very little
evidence.

71 The presumption of advancement between husband and wife would not apply to
our facts as it was a reverse situation here – the deceased husband did not
work and it was the defendant who worked and who was apparently the bread
winner. Consequently, our case is unlike that of the appellant wife in _Teo
Siew Har v Lee Kuan Yew_ (supra [66]) who was a full-time home-maker and had
no financial means of her own.

72 I am therefore of the view that there was no evidence indicating any
intention on the part of the deceased to present Minton Rise or 18 Jalan Tari
Payong as outright gifts to the defendant. The presumption of a resulting
trust was not rebutted by the presumption of advancement. Accordingly, the
defendant’s argument on a presumption of advancement fails.

**_The right of survivorship_**

73 It is well established that in a joint tenancy, there is a right of
survivorship when one of the co-tenants die. In the present case, it was
axiomatic that the right of survivorship dictated that the entire property in
a joint tenancy belongs to the defendant. However, this will result in the
deceased’s estate being left with nothing. This seems to be unfair and unjust.
Case law states that equity intervenes to ensure that although the deceased
and the defendant remain joint tenants _at law_ , they are actually tenants in
common _in equity_ , according to the proportion of their respective financial
contributions. Accordingly, I hold that the existence of a resulting trust
overrides the right of survivorship in the joint tenancies of both Minton Rise
and 18 Jalan Tari Payong.

74 Judith Prakash J rightly opined in _Neo Boh Tan vs Ng Kim Whatt_
(Originating Summons No 74 of 2000, unreported [2000] SGHC 31) (at [11]):

As joint tenants of the flat, the plaintiff and defendant have at law an
identical interest in the whole of the flat. The position is, however,
different in equity because of the way in which they paid for the flat. The
governing principle is that where two or more persons buy a property together
but _pay for it in unequal shares_ , then _even if they register themselves as
joint owners_ of the property, the _law will presume_ that the _express joint
tenancy has been severed in equity into an implied tenancy in common in
unequal shares proportioned to the amount of the purchase price contributed by
each co-owner_. As Professor Tan Sook Yee puts it in _Principles of Singapore
Land Law_ (at pp 91 to 92):

‘Equity leans in favour of tenancies in common in given situations because of
the inherent unfairness of the right of survivorship that obtains where there
is a joint tenancy. For example, where A and B have contributed to the
purchase price of property in unequal shares or have lent money on mortgage,
or are business partners but the conveyance contains no words of severance, at
law there would be a joint tenancy. If they are also _joint tenants in equity_
, on the _death of one of the joint tenants_ , the surviving joint tenant will
succeed to the ‘share’ of the deceased joint tenant by the _right of
survivorship_ , so that _the estate of the deceased joint tenant will get
nothing_. In the circumstances, this result is _manifestly unfair_ and _equity
will recognise that while A and B are joint tenants at law, they are also
tenants in common in equity and each should be entitled to a share
proportionate to his contribution_. _The net result is that A and B are joint
tenants in law, holding in trust for themselves as tenants in common in shares
proportionate to their contributions_.’

Professor Tan goes on to state in a footnote that _this is a resulting trust_
and can be rebutted by evidence to the contrary.

[emphasis added]

Conclusion

75 For the foregoing reasons, on a balance of probabilities, I am satisfied
that the plaintiffs have discharged their burden of proof. I therefore grant
them judgment as follows:

(a) For Minton Rise, 50% results back to the deceased’s estate and 50% belongs
to the defendant; and

(b) For 18 Jalan Tari Payong, 65% results back to the deceased’s estate and
35% belongs to the defendant.

The defendant is required to execute instruments of Transfer for both the
properties in favour of the estate’s interest within 30 days of today’s date,
failing which the Registrar is hereby empowered under s 14(1) of the Supreme
Court of Judicature Act (Cap 322, 1999 Rev Ed) to do so on her behalf. I
further give the plaintiffs liberty to apply. The plaintiffs shall have their
costs on a standard basis.

* * *

[note: 1]PW2.

[note: 2]PW1.

[note: 3]DW1.

[note: 4]NE at p 163 on 21 September 2006.

[note: 5]NE at p 163 on 21 September 2006.

[note: 6]NE at p 165 on 21 September 2006.

[note: 7]NE at pp 174-175 on 21 September 2006.

[note: 8]NE at pp 32-34 on 20 September 2006.

[note: 9]NE at p 38 on 20 September 2006.

[note: 10]NE at p 51 on 20 September 2006.

[note: 11]NE at pp 179-180 on 21 September 2006.

[note: 12]PW3.

[note: 13]NE at p 78 on 20 September 2006; also see Donald’s affidavit at
[15].

[note: 14]NE at p 148 on 21 September 2006.

[note: 15]NE at p 104 on 20 September 2006.

[note: 16]NE at pp 186-187 on 21 September 2006.

[note: 17]NE at pp 160-161 on 21 September 2006.

[note: 18]NE at p 162 on 21 September 2006.

[note: 19]NE at p 17 on 20 September 2006.

[note: 20]NE at p 14 on 20 September 2006.

[note: 21]NE at p 24 on 20 September 2006.

[note: 22]NE at p 41 on 20 September 2006.

[note: 23]NE at p 44 on 20 September 2006.

[note: 24]NE at p 56 on 20 September 2006.

[note: 25]NE at p 61 on 20 September 2006.

[note: 26]NE at pp 70-71 on 20 September 2006.

[note: 27]NE at p 120 on 21 September 2006.

[note: 28]NE at p 203 on 21 September 2006.

[note: 29]NE at pp 32-34 on 20 September 2006.

[note: 30]NE at p 37 on 20 September 2006.

[note: 31]NE at p 223 on 22 September 2006.

[note: 32]NE at p 224 on 22 September 2006.

[note: 33]NE at p 201 on 21 September 2006.

[note: 34]NE at p 204 on 21 September 2006.

[note: 35]NE at p 227 on 22 September 2006.

[note: 36]NE at pp 230-231 on 22 September 2006.

[note: 37]NE at pp 232-233 on 22 September 2006.

[note: 38]NE at p 251 on 22 September 2006.

[note: 39]NE at pp 246-247 on 22 September 2006.

[note: 40]DW3.

[note: 41]NE at pp 255 and 257 on 22 September 2006.

[note: 42]NE at p 258 on 22 September 2006.

[note: 43]NE at p 153 on 21 September 2006.

[note: 44]NE at p 154 on 21 September 2006.

[note: 45]Also see _Sitiawah Bee bte Kader v Rosiyah bte Abdullah_ [2000] 1
SLR 612.

[note: 46]NE at pp 289-292 on 25 September 2006.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 12 Jan 2007 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

