Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Public Prosecutor v Mohammed Liton Mohammed Syeed Mallik  
[2007] SGHC 47

Case Number | : | CC 23/2006  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 03 April 2007  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Choo Han Teck J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Christopher Ong Siu Jiu and Crystal Ong (Deputy Public Prosecutors) for the Prosecution; Udeh Kumar s/o Sethuraju (S K Kumar & Associates) for the accused   
Parties | : |  Public Prosecutor — Mohammed Liton Mohammed Syeed Mallik   
  
3 April 2007 |  Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Choo Han Teck J:

1 Pursuant to the direction of the Court of Appeal made on 9 February 2007,
the statement recorded from the accused on Christmas Day of 2005, known as
P73, was admitted into evidence and, consequently, the evidence of the case
should be reviewed together with it. The statement made some vague references
to a second incident of rape and a second incident of sodomy. The accused was
charged with two charges of rape and two charges of sodomy, but I convicted
him of only one charge each of rape and sodomy and acquitted him of the other
two because I doubted the evidence of the complainant on those two charges.
P73 did not persuade me that the complainant’s evidence had been bolstered to
merit a change of view.

2 The references in P73 to the second rape and sodomy incidents were very
brief and stated in the following terms: “I rested for a while before I
approached her again. I asked her to open her leg and she just listen to me. I
then inserted my penis into her vagina again and started moving. I keep moving
but I cannot ejaculate, so I took put my penis and tried to put it inside her
anus again. My penis did not go into her anus because she moved her body
away.” The complainant had testified that at the end of the afternoon, she did
have one instance of consensual sexual intercourse with the accused. I am not
fully convinced that this reference in P73 was a reference to a second
incident of rape. Reading the statement as a whole, and having regard to the
accused person’s explanation, I am not convinced that this second vaginal
intercourse was the second and not the third. It is important to remember that
as far as the accused was concerned, there was never a “third”. The second one
was the consensual intercourse, and his description in P73 was consistent with
the complainant’s evidence at trial of what she described as the “third”, the
consensual, act. I am also not certain that the narration of the acts had been
recorded in a precise chronological order. When the accused was asked (in
question no.22 in P73): “On the second time while you were moving your penis
inside Tuti’s vagina, did you ask her “why water cannot come out”? The accused
person’s reply was, “When I asked her she said that maybe I am too tired and I
am perspiring, she even suggest to me to rest a while.” This kind of
conversation made sense only in the context of this case, and it seemed to
indicate that there was no second rape. There was also the problem of
communication between the accused and the interpreter, who was not a native
Bengali speaker, in the recording of that statement. In my assessment of this
accused, I am minded to give him the benefit of the doubt that his version was
true. I will not place it any higher than that to avoid any misunderstanding
as to the conduct of either the interpreter or the recording officer. They are
not on trial.

3 The reference to the second sodomy incident described in the statement
quoted above was only an attempt and not a completed act. In view of the
discrepancy between the act of an attempt and the completed act that the
complainant testified at trial, I do not think it safe to convict the accused
on the second charge of sodomy. The learned DPP submitted that the statement
would at least indicate an attempted sodomy. There was, however, no
application by the learned DPP to amend the charge, and although the court has
the power to amend the charge on its own accord, or convict the accused on the
basis that the evidence disclosed an offence other than the one which the
accused was charged, it would not normally do so unless the evidence had been
proved beyond reasonable doubt. I do not think that the second sodomy charge
should be amended because the evidence indicating an attempt was not
sufficient in the circumstances of this case. P73 also mentioned that the
accused had cut the complainant with a knife, but in that statement the
accused also stated that he did not know how that came about and thought it
might have been accidental when the complainant and he were struggling and
fighting earlier on. The accused also testified that he had protested his
innocence but was told by the interpreter to take the cue from the
investigating officer. The accused had also tried to speak a few times in
English but was told to speak only through the interpreter. As previously
mentioned, there is no need to impute any sinister motive or conduct on the
part of either the interpreter or the investigating officer since they were
themselves following the procedure of recording a statement. But noting this
is not a basis for concluding that the accused must therefore be lying. I
cannot reach that conclusion on the evidence of this case.

4 The DPP submitted that the statement in P73 must be given its “full weight”.
I assumed that that was to urge me to accept the statement as compelling
truth. I had already found that the facts of this case were unusual and
complex. What was absolutely clear was that what transpired between the
accused and the complainant arose from a lovers’ quarrel. In those
circumstances, allegations of criminal offences, especially sexual offences
without consent, must be evaluated together with the evidence of the past
history of consensual sex between them, the history of their relationship, and
how much of their testimonies could be accepted safely. Unlike civil cases,
where the court may choose between two competing stories and accept the one on
a balance of probabilities, that is to say, accepting that version because it
seemed more plausible than the other, in a criminal case, there is an
important norm to be taken into account at all times – that where there is a
reasonable doubt, that doubt must be resolved in favour of the accused. It is
inherent with the requirement that the prosecution proves its case beyond
reasonable doubt. What this means is that unlike a civil case, the court’s
verdict might not merely be determined on the basis that as between the two
competing stories, which version was the more plausible one. In a criminal
case, the court may find that the complainant’s story to be more probable than
that of the accused person’s version, and yet, be convinced that there is a
reasonable possibility that the accused person’s story could be true. If that
were the case, the court’s duty is to acquit. Unlike a civil case, the court
need not make a decision by concentrating on which of the two versions was
more probable. In the criminal trial the court must remind itself to break
from any habitual inclination to contemplate the question of the burden of
proof on the basis of a civil case, and instead, ask itself whether there was
a reasonable possibility that the accused person’s version was true. There are
many ways of understanding and applying this precept. One example is this. If
a guilty verdict can only be made by drawing an inference that the accused was
not telling the truth, and there was nothing other than the court’s impression
of the accused as a witness, then the court should convict if it disbelieves
the accused. Giving the accused the benefit of the doubt in such a case meant
simply that the judge believed that the accused might be telling the truth,
even though, if compelled to make a choice only between “probable” and
“improbable”, he might have to say it was improbable. In some such situations,
the judge might have no better guide than his intuition, which is not a
perfect gauge; but sometimes, that is all there is available to save an
innocent man from conviction.

5 At the conclusion of the trial, I was not convinced of the complainant’s
evidence in respect of the first, second, third, fifth, and eighth charges and
acquitted the accused of those charges. Having now considered P73 and the
testimonies of the investigating officer, the interpreter, and the accused in
respect of that statement, and reviewing the evidence, both oral and
documentary, I am not persuaded that P73 made any difference to my findings
and orders, and find no reason to alter them in any way. The verdict and
orders made at the end of the trial on 27 October 2006 shall therefore remain.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 03 Apr 2007 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

