Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Management Corporation Strata Title Plan No 2297 v Seasons Park Ltd  
[2007] SGHC 28

Case Number | : | OS 2063/2006  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 27 February 2007  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Choo Han Teck J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Leo Cheng Suan (Infinitus Law Corporation) for the plaintiff; Christopher Chuah and Lee Hwai Bin (Wong Partnership) for the defendant   
Parties | : |  Management Corporation Strata Title Plan No 2297 — Seasons Park Ltd   
  
27 February 2007 |   
---|---  
  
Choo Han Teck J:

1 This originating summons arose from the resolution of Suit 827 of 2003 in
which the plaintiff sued the defendant in contract as well as in tort. The
parties in that action proceeded on a point of law in two issues as
preliminary issues. They concerned the question of the _locus standi_ of the
plaintiff to sue in contract, and the availability of the independent third
party’s defence to the defendant. The preliminary issues were decided largely
in favour of the defendant. The plaintiff’s appeal to the Court of Appeal was
dismissed and the matter was to revert to trial judge on the remaining issues.
Costs of the appeal were ordered against the plaintiff. Those costs were
subsequently taxed and paid.

2 In the interim, the plaintiff negotiated a settlement with the defendant on
the rest of the action. No further step was taken in respect of the action and
a year later, the defendant applied for a declaration that the action was
deemed to have been discontinued pursuant to O 21 r 2(6) of the Rules of
Court, and asked for costs against the plaintiff in respect of the action (as
opposed to the costs of the appeal). It transpired that the plaintiff brought
this originating summons for a declaration that Suit 827 of 2003 had been
settled on a “drop hands” basis. Hence, there was no question of costs to be
ordered or taxed. The parties agreed that no oral evidence was required to
determine the sole issue of this originating summons, that is, did the parties
settle on that basis? The defendant’s case was that there was no agreement on
the costs of the main action in Suit 827 of 2003 and that the defendant had
not accepted the plaintiff’s offer to discontinue the action on a “drop hand”
basis.

3 The relevant documents were to be found in the exchange of correspondence
between the plaintiff’s and defendant’s respective solicitors. The first
letter was from the plaintiff’s solicitors dated 13 June 2005. It read:

We are instructed that our clients are prepared to discontinue the action
against your clients on a “drop hand basis” with each party bearing their own
legal costs.

The defendant’s solicitors replied on 16 June 2005 to say

Our clients are prepared to consent to your client’s discontinuance of the
action upon your clients’ payment of our clients’ costs for the hearing of the
preliminary issues and the Appeal as ordered by the Court. The bill of costs
will be submitted to the Court for taxation shortly.

…

Please confirm whether your clients agree to discontinue their action on this
basis.

At this point it is clear that the defendant’s reply complied that it was only
seeking costs for the hearing of the preliminary issues and the appeal. It
specifically asked if the plaintiff would agree to discontinue the action “on
this basis”. The reference to “this” must be to the payment of costs “of the
preliminary issues and the appeal” as stated in the letter.

4 The plaintiff’s solicitors then wrote on 4 July 2005 to ask what would be a
fair and reasonable sum “for costs relating to the Preliminary Issue and the
Court of Appeal hearing, in lieu of taxation”. Not having received a reply to
this letter of 4 July, the plaintiff’s solicitors wrote on 3 August 2005 to
say -

We refer to your letter of 16 June 2005. We are instructed that our clients
are agreeable to discontinue the matter on a “drop hand basis”.

I think that what the writer meant was that his clients “agree to” as opposed
to “are agreeable”. The context made this meaning plain although a more
precise choice of words would have been expected from a solicitor.

5 The defendant’s solicitors then wrote, on 10 August 2005, in reply, not to
this letter, but to the previous letter of 4 July, to say:

Our clients have instructed us to propose costs of S$250,000 … plus
disbursements as a fair and reasonable sum for the hearing of the preliminary
issues at first instance and the Appeal, in lieu of taxation for your clients’
consideration. Upon satisfaction of our clients’ costs, our clients will
consent to your clients’ discontinuation of the suit.

It seemed clear that the parties had reached a concluded settlement at this
stage on terms of the defendant’s solicitor’s letter of 16 June 2005. What
remained negotiable in spite of the agreement was the actual amount of costs
payable in respect of the preliminary issues and the appeal.

6 If that was not clear enough, the next letter from the plaintiff’s
solicitors made it so. In that letter of 22 August 2005, the plaintiff’s
solicitors wrote -

We refer to your letter dated 10 August 2005 in which you confirmed your
clients’ agreement to our clients discontinuing the action with each party to
[bear] their own costs.

The only outstanding issue is the costs and disbursements for the hearing of
the preliminary issues and the appeal. Based on precedents, we are of the view
that your proposed costs of $250,000.00 is excessive and we are instructed to
counter-propose costs of $85,000.00 plus reasonable disbursements. Please let
us have your list of disbursements as soon as possible.

The defendant’s solicitors’ reply confirmed this. In their letter of 29 August
2005 referring directly to the letters of 10 and 22 August 2005, the
defendant’s solicitors wrote -

1\. We refer to our letter of 10 August 2005, and your letter of 22 August
2005.

2\. Our clients are unable to agree to your counter-proposed costs at
S$85,000.00 for the hearing of the preliminary issues at first instance and
the appeal. Your clients are no doubt aware that the matter was originally
fixed for a full-blown hearing, with extensive get-up, and work were expended
for this matter, including the filing of numerous affidavits filed for the
same (total 18 affidavits of evidence in chief filed on behalf of the
Defendants, and 11 affidavits filed on behalf of the Plaintiffs). The matter
also tested novel points of law, not previously decided in Singapore.

3\. As a gesture of goodwill and in the interest of settling the issue of
costs amicably, our clients are willing to consider costs at $220,000.00 plus
disbursements (set out in paragraph 4 below). In the event that your clients
are not agreeable to the revised proposal, we have our clients’ instructions
to proceed with taxation.

4\. On the disbursements for both the hearing of the preliminary issue and the
appeal, we have tabulated the amount at S$24,010.05 (see breakdown attached
for your reference).

There can be no dispute that the parties were negotiating the amount of costs
of the preliminary issues and the costs of the appeal only. The question of
the costs of the main action did not arise because the correspondence
consistently showed that the costs of the main action were never in issue. If
the defendant claimed that it was, then it was incumbent upon the plaintiff or
his solicitors to say so.

7 The plaintiff’s solicitors wrote again on 2 September 2005 to ask what would
be the lowest sum “on the proposed costs for the Preliminary Issues and Appeal
in lieu of taxation”. The defendant’s solicitors wrote on 23 September to say
-

1\. We refer to our letter dated 29 August 2005 in respect of the above
matter, and the various correspondences exchanged between parties in respect
of proposed costs in lieu of taxation for the hearing of the Preliminary
Issues and the Appeal.

2\. Kindly let us hear from you on the proposed costs and disbursements by
**_Tuesday, 27 September 2005_** , failing which we shall proceed with
taxation of the same.

3\. Further, as parties have agreed to discontinue the above suit on condition
that your [clients] bear our [clients’] costs in the proceedings (agreed or
otherwise, taxed), kindly let us have the draft Notice of Discontinuance for
our consent.

In response the plaintiff’s solicitors sent a draft of the Notice of
Discontinuance on 6 October 2005 to the defendant’s solicitors for approval in
accordance with the etiquette of practice. The defendant’s solicitors amended
the draft with the following words added – “with costs to the defendants to be
agreed or taxed”. There can be no question that the words referred only to the
costs of the preliminary issues and the costs of the appeal. In my view, the
exchange of letters showed that the defendant had accepted the plaintiff’s
proposal to discontinue the action only on the payment of costs of the
preliminary issues and the appeal. There was no reference whatsoever to the
costs of the main action.

8 I, therefore, allowed the plaintiff’s prayers in this originating summons.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 27 Feb 2007 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

