Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Spandeck Engineering (S) Pte Ltd v Defence Science & Technology Agency  
[2007] SGCA 37

Case Number | : | CA 3/2007  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 08 August 2007  
Tribunal/Court | : | Court of Appeal  
Coram | : |  Chan Sek Keong CJ; Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA; V K Rajah JA   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Mohan R Pillay (MPillay) and Gopinath Pillai (Tan Peng Chin LLC) for the appellant; Tai Chean Ming, Chong Kuan Keong and Tan Joo Seng (Chong Chia & Lim LLC) for the respondent   
Parties | : |  Spandeck Engineering (S) Pte Ltd — Defence Science & Technology Agency   
  
Tort – Negligence – Damages – Pure economic loss – Whether pure economic loss
recoverable in Singapore – Whether different test applying in relation to pure
economic loss to determine duty of care – Single test to apply notwithstanding
damage claimed as pure economic loss  
  
Tort – Negligence – Duty of care – Applicable test to determine existence of
duty of care – Relationship between two-stage test and incremental approach –
Application of two-stage test comprising first proximity and second policy
considerations with threshold consideration of factual foreseeability –
Incremental approach as methodological aid in applying specific criterion of
two-stage test  
  
Tort – Negligence – Duty of care – Applicable test to determine existence of
duty of care – Whether type of damage claimed should result in different test
– Application of single (two-stage) test irrespective of type of damage
claimed  
  
Tort – Negligence – Duty of care – Whether there was proximity between
contractor and certifier given that contractor could submit disputes for
arbitration – Whether there was proximity between contractor and certifier
given no direct contractual relationship between contractor and certifier –
Whether policy considerations negating finding of duty of care  
  

8 August 2007 |   
---|---  
  
Chan Sek Keong CJ (delivering the grounds of decision of the court):

**Introduction**

1 This was an appeal against the decision of the trial judge, who dismissed
the claim of Spandeck Engineering (S) Pte Ltd (“the appellant”) in the tort of
negligence against the Defence Science & Technology Agency (“the respondent”).
Her judgment is reported in _Spandeck Engineering (S) Pte Ltd v Defence
Science & Technology Agency_ [2007] 1 SLR 720 (“the Judgment”). At the end of
the hearing, we unanimously dismissed the appeal. We now give our reasons.

2 Apart from the substantive rights and liabilities of the parties, which must
surely form the primary focus of any judicial decision, this case was also
about an intensely practical problem in the law of negligence: How does one
ascertain whether a duty of care exists in law between one person and another
where there is no pre-existing contractual or legal relationship between them?
The common law is rudderless and surprisingly fraught with difficulties and
uncertainties in relation to this deceptively simple and yet important
question. The courts in Singapore are no less spared from this problem which
we will now address. We turn first to the facts of the present case.

**Background facts**

**_Award of the contract for the project_**

3 The appellant’s claim stemmed from a dispute relating to the building
project known as “The Proposed Redevelopment of Medical Camp in Nee Soon Camp
Lot 212 PT MK 13 at Transit Road – Project LE(D) 1068 C08 MINDEF/DSTA” (“the
Project”). As its name suggests, the Project was to redevelop a medical
facility at Nee Soon Army Camp for the Ministry of Defence (“Mindef”). The
Government of Singapore (“the Employer”) put the Project out for tender to
which the appellant submitted a “base tender” and an “alternative tender”. In
relation to this “alternative tender”, which was submitted on 15 March
1999,[note: 1] the appellant offered an alternative pre-cast/structural
design. This alternative design consisted of a change in the original cast-in-
situ design to the pre-cast structure design which would result in cost
savings of about $200,000 and a shortening of the construction time by two
months.[note: 2] The Employer accepted the alternative design and awarded the
appellant a contract dated 24 June 1999 (“the Contract”) at a lump sum price
of $31.78m to execute and complete the Project. The agreed commencement date
of the Contract was 15 June 1999 and the completion date was 14 January 2001.

**_Salient terms of the Contract_**

4 The Contract incorporated the terms of the Public Sector Standard Conditions
of Contract (“PSSCOC”), by which an appointed superintending officer (“SO”)
was responsible for the administration and supervision of the Project,
including certifying interim payments in respect of the appellant’s work for
the Project. In particular, the Contract provided in cl 2.8(1) that:

The Superintending Officer, the Superintending Officer’s Representative or any
assistant appointed … shall at no time be under any obligation or duty to the
Contractor [_ie_ , the appellant] either on behalf of the Employer or his own
account to exercise or not to exercise any of his powers under the Contract,
nor shall any failure to do so on his own part in any way prejudice the rights
of the Employer against the Contractor or render the Employer liable to the
Contractor.

5 In relation to the settlement of disputes relating to the Project, cl 34 was
the governing clause. Its provisions, in so far as they are material, are set
out below:

34.1 Reference to the Superintending Officer

(1) If a dispute or difference of whatsoever kind shall arise between the
Employer or the Superintending Officer or the Superintending Officer’s
Representative and the Contractor in connection with or arising out of the
Contract or the execution of the Works … including any dispute or difference
as to any … certificate or valuation of the Superintending Officer or the
Superintending Officer’s Representative, it shall in the first place be
referred by either party in writing to the Superintending Officer for his
decision. …

…

34.2 Reference to Arbitration

(1) If either the Employer or Contractor is dissatisfied with the decision of
the Superintending Officer made pursuant to Clause 34.1 hereof, … then the
Employer or the Contractor may … give notice to the other party with a copy
for information to the Superintending Officer of his intention to refer the
decision or the dispute or difference that had not been decided to an
arbitrator. …

However, the amount of damages for which the Employer might be liable to the
appellant was qualified by cl 32.8 of the Contract, which provided as follows:

32.8 Delay in Certification

Under no circumstances shall the Employer be liable to pay to the Contractor
[_ie_ , the appellant] any damages, whether by way of interest or otherwise,
for _any failure or delay by the Superintending Officer in certifying any
payment due or payable_ to the Contractor.

[emphasis added]

**_Appointment of the SO and consultants_**

6 On 7 July 1999, Mindef advised the appellant by letter that Quek Kheng Song
(“QKS”) and Huang Siong Hui were appointed the SO and SO’s representative
respectively, with Peh Chew Seng as the alternate SO’s representative in the
absence of the SO’s representative. At that time, QKS was employed by the
Employer as an officer in the Land & Estate Organisation in Mindef. In
addition, various individuals and entities were also appointed as consultants
to provide professional services for the Project (“the Consultants”). Among
the Consultants appointed was KPK Quantity Surveyors (1995) Pte Ltd (“KPK”),
which was appointed the quantity surveyor for the Project. In addition, RDC
Architects Pte Ltd (“RDC”) was appointed the architect for the Project.

7 Subsequent to that, the respondent was constituted under the Defence Science
and Technology Agency Act (Cap 75A, 2001 Rev Ed) in March 2000 and it was
around that time that the respondent assumed the role of the SO. QKS was no
longer the SO for the Project by this time but continued to represent the
respondent at the Project after his employment was transferred from the
Employer to the respondent.

**_Summary of tender and cost breakdown_**

8 The tender documents for the Project required the appellant to submit a
summary of tender (“SOT”) as well as a cost breakdown (“CBD”). The SOT and CBD
were documents prepared by KPK listing out all the items of work required for
the Project being tendered. It required the contractors who were tendering for
the Project to price this itemised list as a cost breakdown of the lump sum
contract tender price, in the form of the CBD. The SOT was a summary of the
detailed cost itemisation set out in the CBD.

_Original SOT and CBD_

9 As alluded to earlier (at [3] above), as part of its bid, the appellant had
offered an alternative tender in addition to the base tender. The SOT and CBD
which the appellant had submitted with its tenders were based on the base
tender and did not reflect the breakdown under the alternative tender. This
meant that the original SOT and CBD did not accurately reflect the scope and
actual value of the works to be carried out by the appellant under the
alternative tender.

_SOT and CBD incorporated into the Contract_

10 As such, on the basis of the Employer accepting the appellant’s alternative
tender, KPK requested the appellant to submit a revised SOT and CBD to reflect
the change of the design. Pursuant to this request, the appellant submitted a
revised SOT and CBD dated 24 May 1999,[note: 3] which it alleged was
incorporated into the Contract _without_ any further revision. On the other
hand, the respondent contended that there _were_ further revisions to the SOT
and CBD dated 24 May 1999 and that the final SOT and CBD were finalised by KPK
with the appellant and incorporated into the Contract in or about October
1999.

11 In the Judgment at [9], the trial judge resolved this issue in favour of
the respondent, where she said:

After the Employer had accepted the plaintiff’s alternative proposal, KPK
requested the plaintiff to submit a revised SOT to reflect the change in
design. The plaintiff submitted the first revision to KPK on 24 May 1999.
_After further revisions by the plaintiff, the revised SOT and cost breakdown
(“CBD”) for the contract price were finalised by KPK with the plaintiff and
incorporated into the Contract documents in October 1999_. [emphasis added]

We agreed with the trial judge’s finding. It was clear to us that the SOT
bound into the Contract documents[note: 4] was not the same as the appellant’s
revised SOT dated 24 May 1999. That the SOT bound into the Contract was not a
version _prior_ to the SOT dated 24 May 1999 was supported by the fact that
the total cost and contract period were based on the alternative tender. Given
that the revised SOT dated 24 May 1999 was the _first_ SOT based on the
alternative tender, it must follow that any _other_ SOT based on the
alternative tender must have come _after_ the SOT dated 24 May 1999.
Accordingly, contrary to the appellant’s contention, the SOT dated 24 May 1999
was indeed revised before it was incorporated into the Contract. This will
henceforth be referred to as “the Contract SOT” while the CBD incorporated
into the Contract will be known as “the Contract CBD”.

**_Exercise to revise the Contract SOT and the Contract CBD_**

12 The appellant contended that, in the course of submitting its progress
claims, it discovered that numerous items related to the alternative tender
were omitted from the Contract SOT and the Contract CBD and this in turn
allegedly led to the under-certification of the progress payments to the
appellant. This had occurred even though the Contract SOT and the Contract CBD
were bound into the Contract documents after revisions by the appellant
itself. These alleged deficiencies in the Contract SOT and the Contract CBD
were highlighted by the appellant by a letter dated 29 September 2000, in
which it also submitted a revised SOT and CBD to KPK and requested KPK to
review and approve them for use in the future assessment of the appellant’s
progress claims.[note: 5]

13 The request was initially rejected by the Consultants by their letter of 11
October 2000,[note: 6] who regarded it as a departure from the terms of the
Contract. However, by this time, the respondent and the Consultants had
received many unsolicited letters from sub-contractors and suppliers of the
appellant complaining that they had been underpaid by the appellant. They also
requested the Employer to arrange for direct payment to be made to them for
work done.[note: 7] Eventually, in view of these developments, a meeting was
held on 16 November 2000 between the representatives of the appellant and
respondent. At this meeting, the appellant’s managing director, Dr Chi Chao-
Ton Tony (“Dr Chi”), repeated the request for the Contract SOT and the
Contract CBD to be revised so as to alleviate the appellant’s cash-flow
problems.[note: 8]

14 The respondent, on behalf of the Employer, expressed its willingness to
consider the appellant’s request to adjust the Contract SOT and the Contract
CBD subject to the following conditions:

(a) KPK would evaluate the new SOT and CBD proposed by the appellant to try to
ensure that adequate money was allocated for the uncompleted works; and

(b) the appellant was to submit a performance bond, equivalent to the amount
of money proposed to be reallocated from the uncompleted works, to safeguard
the Employer’s interest.

At the meeting, the appellant agreed to the conditions stated above and KPK
was tasked to evaluate the appellant’s proposed revision of the Contract SOT
and the Contract CBD and to subsequently submit its recommendations to the
respondent.

15 KPK completed its assessment on or about 22 January 2001 and a copy of the
proposed revised SOT and CBD (“KPK-revised SOT and CBD”) was sent by KPK to
the appellant by a letter dated 1 February 2001. By way of a letter dated 20
February 2001,[note: 9] the appellant agreed to adopt the KPK-revised SOT and
CBD. Subsequently, by way of a letter dated 6 April 2001,[note: 10] RDC
reminded the appellant of the discussion that had taken place at the meeting
in November 2000 and requested it to propose the amount of bond money for the
Employer’s consideration.

**_Abandonment of exercise to revise the Contract SOT and the Contract CBD_**

16 Later, at a meeting held on 10 April 2001 between the representatives of
the appellant and the respondent, RDC said that if the KPK-revised SOT and CBD
were implemented, an extra amount of $200,000 would have to be paid upfront to
the appellant in the forthcoming progress payment. This represented a risk to
the Employer and that was why a performance bond was necessary before the KPK-
revised SOT and CBD could be implemented. As recorded in the minutes of the
meeting,[note: 11] Dr Chi then informed the respondent and its representatives
that the appellant had decided not to proceed with the implementation of the
KPK-revised SOT and CBD because there was “insufficient incentive” to do so.
As such, and at the appellant’s request, the exercise to revise the Contract
SOT and the Contract CBD was abandoned.

**_Novation of the Contract_**

17 During a meeting on 24 May 2001 and by way of a letter dated 25 May 2001,
the appellant informed the respondent that it was considering the possibility
of novating the Contract to another contractor. The Contract was eventually
novated to Neo Corporation Pte Ltd (“NeoCorp”). The novation agreement between
the appellant, the Employer and NeoCorp was signed on 16 July 2001.

18 At the time of the novation, the appellant had only completed about half of
the Contract work. In the ordinary course of events, the appellant would have
been paid the full lump sum at the end of the Project and would also have been
entitled to submit to the Consultants for certification any claim for works
not certified. If disputes arose, the appellant was entitled to submit these
disputes for resolution in accordance with the arbitration clause (_ie_ , cl
34 of the Contract). However, the appellant lost this right when it novated
the Contract to NeoCorp in July 2001. This was the reason why the appellant
had decided to pursue a claim against the respondent in tort to recover its
alleged losses.

**Appellant’s claim and trial judge’s findings**

19 The appellant claimed against the respondent for negligence on the basis
that the respondent owed it a duty of care to apply professional skill and
judgment in certifying, in a fair and unbiased manner, payment for work
carried out by the appellant to avoid causing it any loss due to
undervaluation and under-certification of works. The appellant claimed that
the respondent breached this duty by negligently undervaluing and under-
certifying the appellant’s works, leading to the following losses:

(a) $2,234,704.24, being the difference between the amount claimed by the
appellant for works done on site, and the certified amount in progress payment
No 23;

(b) $290,102.25, being underpayment of variation orders;

(c) $629,994.59, being loss of profit from the balance of works;

(d) $124,827.02, being loss of management fees from mechanical and electrical
variation orders; and

(e) $530,324.08, being loss of interest.

20 In the event, the trial judge dismissed the appellant’s claim. The trial
judge found that the respondent did not owe a duty of care to the appellant to
avoid causing the latter to suffer pure economic loss through its (the
respondent’s) negligent conduct: the Judgment at [92]. Notwithstanding this
finding, the trial judge went on to consider the other “main issues that arose
from the evidence adduced at the trial” and held that _even if_ a duty of care
had been owed, the evidence was “against the [appellant]” and “clearly
disproved the breach of any such duty by the [respondent] to the [appellant]”:
the Judgment at [92], [93] and [190].

**Issues on appeal**

21 It is trite law that, in order to succeed in a claim under the tort of
negligence, a claimant has to establish that (a) the defendant owes the
claimant a duty of care; (b) the defendant has breached that duty of care by
acting (or omitting to act) below the standard of care required of it; (c) the
defendant’s breach has caused the claimant damage; (d) the claimant’s losses
arising from the defendant’s breach are not too remote; and (e) such losses
can be adequately proved and quantified: see, for example, _Clerk & Lindsell
on Torts_ (Sweet & Maxwell, 19th Ed, 2006) at para 8-04.

22 Accordingly, the first issue which we had to consider was whether there was
a duty of care owed by the respondent to the appellant in the manner we have
outlined earlier. As we found against the appellant on this threshold issue,
we did not have to consider the other issues of breach, causation and
remoteness.

**Trial judge’s decision in relation to the duty of care**

23 In considering the duty of care issue, the trial judge applied both the
two-stage test in _Anns v Merton London Borough Council_ [1978] AC 728 (“
_Anns_ ”) and the three-part test in _Caparo Industries Plc v Dickman_ [1990]
2 AC 605 (“ _Caparo_ ”) and reached the same result that there was no duty of
care, an implicit judicial recognition of the state of confusion which
belabours the local law in respect to the _applicable_ test to be used to
determine the existence of a duty of care for cases involving claims for pure
economic loss (“cases of pure economic loss”) or, indeed, cases involving
claims of personal injuries and physical damage (collectively “cases of
physical damage”).

24 In coming to her decision, the trial judge placed considerable emphasis on
the following factors: (a) there was no assumption of direct responsibility by
the respondent to the appellant for the economic loss claimed; (b) there was
no direct contractual relationship between the appellant as the main
contractor and the respondent as the SO; (c) the appellant had recourse under
the Contract to claim additional payments for variation works from the
Employer; and (d) the property in question was an army camp, not a residential
development: see the Judgment at [54].

25 Before we deal with the substantive arguments in relation to the duty of
care, it is first necessary for us to determine the _applicable test_ for
ascertaining the existence of a duty of care.

**Applicable test for duty of care**

**_The parties’ arguments_**

26 Before us, the appellant submitted that the proper test to ascertain the
existence of a duty of care for cases of pure economic loss should be a
combination of the common elements from both the two-stage test in _Anns_ and
the three-part test in _Caparo_ , citing the views contained in Andrew Phang,
Saw Cheng Lim & Gary Chan, “Of Precedent, Theory and Practice – The Case for a
Return to _Anns_ ” [2006] Sing JLS 1. Adopting this approach, the appellant
submitted that the following issues arose for our consideration in relation to
the existence of a duty of care in this case: (a) whether, in the
circumstances of this case, there existed a relationship of sufficient
proximity so as to give rise to a duty of care on the part of the respondent
in respect of a pure economic loss; and (b) if so, whether there was any
policy consideration that should nonetheless limit or negate the duty
established under the first stage. However, the appellant also submitted that
before these two issues could even be considered, the court should determine a
preliminary issue first, _viz_ , whether the damage suffered by the appellant
was foreseeable by the respondent. We shall come back to this submission after
we have addressed the current tests in the developed common law jurisdictions
on the duty of care.

27 The current state of the law in Singapore on liability in negligence for
pure economic loss, and indeed for physical damage, is not entirely
satisfactory. Liability for pure economic loss (which is the subject matter of
the appeal before us) is an issue of great complexity and one that imposes on
the courts a great responsibility as this is an area of law where the
determination of liability has been and will continue to be, unless the
Legislature intervenes, the exclusive domain of the Judiciary. Judicial
adjudication of claims for pure economic loss calls for caution and
judiciousness in not extending the limits of liability for negligent acts to
avoid any unforeseen economic cost to the public in the court’s desire to do
justice to the claimant in the particular case. It is _par excellence_ a
policy decision for the court to make. To begin with, although the English
courts have thought fit not to allow recovery of pure economic loss, the
Singapore courts have taken a different path and have allowed recovery of such
losses in a few decisions. Whether these decisions have laid down a general
principle, that pure economic loss can be recovered in all cases of
negligence, is a matter we wish to re-examine because of its implications for
the redistribution of wealth in the economy. Furthermore, it is important that
we revisit this issue as the Singapore courts have also applied a different
test to determine the existence of a duty of care when the type of damages
claimed is pure economic loss, and when it is for loss associated with
physical damage, even though the foundation of the two different tests is
derived from a common source, _viz_ , the well-known English decisions in
_Anns_ and _Caparo._

**_Preliminary observations_**

28 A few preliminary observations are apposite at this juncture. The common
law is built on interconnected layers of principles, universal and particular,
each dependent on and interacting with the other, held together by the
overarching goal of fairness and justice. To understand this is to comprehend
the common law’s eternal search for rational and universal principles in the
law. Thus, in the area of negligence, the principles relating to the
imposition of a duty of care must be rational and coherent and be reliably and
consistently determined. With the universal in the form of general principles,
the law will be a coherent body of rules, and not consist of singular
instances of judicial decisions unrelated to each other. However, to have the
universal without the particular is to lose sight of the need for practical
solutions for the myriad of disputes that come before the courts. These
general principles provide the focus to which the particular (_viz_ , the
facts of decided cases _and_ the present case) must then be analysed so that
the courts may, within this aggregation of the universal and the particular,
reach a result that is fair and just. As Cooke P put it in _South Pacific
Manufacturing Co Ltd v New Zealand Security Consultants & Investigations Ltd_
[1992] 2 NZLR 282 at 294:

A broad two-stage approach or _any other approach is only a framework, a more
or less methodical way of tackling a problem._ However it is formulated should
not matter in the end. Ultimately the exercise can only be a balancing one and
the important object is that all relevant factors be weighed. There is no
escape from the truth that, whatever formula be used, the outcome in a grey
area case has to be determined by judicial judgment. _Formulae can help_ _to
organise thinking but they cannot provide answers_. [emphasis added]

Ultimately, the resolution of a claim in negligence should be based on general
principles that have universal application to every factual situation which
gives rise to a legal dispute either on liability or damages.

29 In the tort of negligence, careless conduct cannot, by itself, be used as a
basis for tortious liability. It is only carelessness within the context of
_breach of a duty to take care_ _vis-à-vis_ another person that there is
liability in negligence, and hence the necessity to determine the
circumstances in which the duty of care arises. In other words, even if duty
sets the boundaries of liability (as Prof Tan Keng Feng put it in “The Three-
Part Test: Yet Another Test of Duty in Negligence” (1989) 31 Mal L Rev 223 at
225), it also sets the limits on duty where liability is seen to be
indeterminate. The two concepts of duty and liability are of course related
but at the same time each affects the operation of the other. The difficulty
is in balancing the goal of a fair and just result for the parties and the
imposition of indeterminate liability on an indeterminate class of
tortfeasors. That is the primary responsibility of the courts in developing
the tort of negligence. How to do so without compromising on the usefulness of
the tort of negligence as a tool for the redistribution of economic wealth
fairly between tortfeasors and their victims is essentially the crucial issue
for the courts. Unlike contract, where the rights and liabilities of the
parties are primarily agreed or fixed between themselves, tortious liability
occurs _independently_ of the parties’ intentions and is hence liable to
manifest itself in, potentially, an infinite number of situations, given that
carelessness is a human frailty. This was what Cardozo CJ was afraid of in
_Ultramares Corp v Touche, Niven & Co_ 255 NY 170 (1931) at 179, _ie_ , the
imposition of “liability in an indeterminate amount for an indeterminate time
to an indeterminate class”. Lord Buckmaster also alluded to this concern when
he said in _Donoghue v Stevenson_ [1932] AC 562 at 577, “If one step, why not
fifty?”

30 The answer to this lies in legal control mechanisms for which the courts
are primarily responsible. Lord Atkin, who may be regarded as the founder of
the modern law of negligence, referred to this heavy responsibility in
_Donoghue v Stevenson_ (at 583–584):

[I]n the branch of the law which deals with civil wrongs, dependent in England
at any rate entirely upon the application by judges of general principles also
formulated by judges, it is of particular importance to guard against the
danger of _stating propositions of law in wider terms than is necessary_ ,
lest essential factors be omitted in the wider survey and the inherent
adaptability of English law be unduly restricted. [emphasis added]

Indeed, the various tests which have been applied by the courts following
_Donoghue v Stevenson_ are but a manifestation of one or more of the legal
control mechanisms formulated by the courts within the general principles. It
is essential, at the outset, to note that although there are now many such
mechanisms, they all serve the _singular purpose_ of limiting liability,
albeit in different ways. To put it another way, these legal control
mechanisms ultimately seek to limit liability by resorting to the use of
different conceptual tests, such as reasonable foreseeability, proximity or
public policy.

**_The different tests in England_**

_The neighbour principle and its development_

31 Although there were some cases prior to 1932 which purported to articulate
some kind of general principle to determine the existence of a duty of care
(see, for example, _Heaven v Pender_ (1883) 11 QBD 503 at 509, _per_ Brett
MR), the search for a universal basis for duty is generally regarded to have
begun with the House of Lords decision of _Donoghue v Stevenson._ In that
case, Lord Atkin famously said (at 580):

The rule that you are to love your neighbour becomes in law, you must not
injure your neighbour; and the lawyer’s question, Who is my neighbour?
receives a restricted reply. You must take reasonable care to avoid acts or
omissions which you can reasonably foresee would be likely to injure your
neighbour. Who, then, in law, is my neighbour? The answer seems to be –
persons who are so closely and directly affected by my act that I ought
reasonably to have them in contemplation as being so affected when I am
directing my mind to the acts or omissions which are called in question.

This statement was then generally understood to mean that liability was
founded on the test of pure foreseeability alone: see _Hay or Bourhill v
Young_ [1943] AC 92 at 107, where Lord Wright accepted Lord Atkin’s statement
as establishing the “general concept of reasonable foresight as the criterion
of negligence”.

32 However, it soon became apparent that a test based on foreseeability alone
could be too wide and too pliable as a basis of liability in some situations.
In order to limit or exclude what was deemed as unwarranted recovery, the
courts frequently resorted to deciding artificially that certain claimants
were “unforeseeable”: see Prof Tan ([29] _supra_) at 225. This led Lord
Denning to consider foreseeability and the existence of a duty as simply a
question of public policy. In _Spartan Steel & Alloys Ltd v Martin & Co
(Contractors) Ltd_ [1973] QB 27, Lord Denning MR said (at 36):

Whenever the courts draw a line to make out the bounds of duty, they do it as
_matter of policy_ so as to limit the responsibility of the defendant.
[emphasis added].

Similarly, in _Dorset Yacht Co Ltd v Home Office_ [1969] 2 QB 412, Lord
Denning MR said (at 426):

[Duty] is, I think, at bottom a matter of public policy which we, as judges,
must resolve. This talk of “duty” or “no duty” is simply a way of limiting the
range of liability for negligence.

_The two-stage test in_ Anns

33 The pendulum which swung between foreseeability and policy as the
determinant of duty showed signs of resting in _Arenson v Casson Beckman
Rutley & Co_ [1977] AC 405, in which Lord Simon of Glaisdale appeared to
endorse the idea that where Lord Atkin’s neighbour principle was seen as
fixing the defendant with responsibility for the claimant’s damage, liability
should follow, save where there was some good reason why it should not, and
identified “public policy” as the qualifying factor (at 419). That pendulum
finally became stationary in favour of an approach which meshed foreseeability
with public policy in _Anns_ ([23] _supra_), where Lord Wilberforce
influentially said (at 751–752):

[I]n order to establish that a duty of care arises in a particular situation,
_it is not necessary to bring the facts of that situation within those of
previous situations in which a duty of care has been held to exist_. Rather
the question has to be approached in two stages. First one has to ask whether,
as between the alleged wrongdoer and the person who has suffered damage there
is a sufficient relationship of proximity or neighbourhood such that, in the
reasonable contemplation of the former, carelessness on his part may be likely
to cause damage to the latter – in which case a prima facie duty of care
arises. Secondly, if the first question is answered affirmatively, it is
necessary to consider whether there are any considerations which ought to
negative, or to reduce or limit the scope of the duty or the class of persons
to whom it is owed or the damages to which breach of it may give rise …
[emphasis added]

34 __ It is well known that there is some controversy regarding the meaning of
the first stage of the test: Did it relate only to the _factual_ issue of
reasonable foreseeability _or_ did it introduce the _legal_ conception of
proximity (see further Phang, Saw & Chan ([26] _supra_) at 40–41)? We will
revisit this problem later (see [74] below). For the moment, it suffices to
note that this pronouncement in _Anns_ is not only significant for the
elucidation of a two-stage test to determine duty, it also introduced the
concept of a truly “universal” test in that it could be applied without
reference to previous decisions where the duty might or might not have been
seen to have existed. This attracted considerable criticisms from many other
judges who thought that the much sought-after universal basis for duty is
unattainable and even undesirable, and that an incremental approach based on
previous decisions on a case by case basis was less subjective and therefore
preferable.

35 In our view, these criticisms have arisen because of the perceived divorce
of the particular from the universal (see [28] above). Whether or not Lord
Wilberforce intended for his test to apply in a vacuum, distanced from all
considerations of prior decisions, is not exactly clear, since the essence of
the common law (which Lord Wilberforce must have known) is by its very nature
incremental. A fair reading of the sentence (see [33] above) beginning with
“in order to establish … it is not necessary to bring the facts within those
of previous situations” does not preclude an incremental approach as the
expression “the facts” does necessarily connote _all_ the facts, and is
capable of implying that it is only necessary to bring _only some of the
facts_. However, as the formula was perceived as such, it led to the concern
of a potentially uncontrollable expansion of liability.

_The two-stage test in_ Anns _doubted and overruled_

36 This concern led to a check of the advance of the two-stage test in _Anns_
as doctrine. In _Governors of the Peabody Donation Fund v Sir Lindsay
Parkinson & Co Ltd_ [1985] AC 210, after quoting Lord Wilberforce’s test, Lord
Keith of Kinkel made the criticism (at 240) that:

There has been a tendency in some recent cases to treat these passages as
being themselves of a definitive character. This is a temptation which should
be resisted.

Similarly, the Australian High Court gave reasons in _Sutherland Shire Council
v Heyman_ (1985) 60 ALR 1 (“ _Sutherland_ ”) for declining to follow the
direction in which _Anns_ appeared to be taking the law in England. Brennan J
stated (at 43–44) that it was preferable that:

[T]he law should develop novel categories of negligence incrementally and by
analogy with established categories, rather than by a massive extension of a
prima facie duty of care restrained only by indefinable “considerations which
ought to negative, or to reduce or limit the scope of the duty or the class of
person to whom it is owed”.

37 Following this, Lord Brandon of Oakbrook remarked in _Leigh and Sillavan
Ltd v Aliakmon Shipping Co Ltd_ [1986] AC 785 at 815 that the propositions
laid down by Lord Wilberforce in _Anns_ “[do] not provide, and cannot … have
been intended by Lord Wilberforce to provide, a universally applicable test of
the existence and scope of a duty of care in the law of negligence”. The Privy
Council in _Yuen Kun Yeu v Attorney-General of Hong Kong_ [1988] AC 175 (“
_Yuen Kun Yeu_ ”) further expressed the opinion that whether or not a duty of
care in negligence existed would depend primarily upon foreseeability of
damage, together with the existence of a close and direct relationship or
proximity between the parties, and that, occasionally, it would be necessary
to go on to consider whether public policy required that liability should not
attach. Lord Keith of Kinkel observed in _Yuen Kun Yeu_ (at 191) that the two-
stage test in _Anns_ “has been elevated to a degree of importance greater than
it merits, and greater perhaps than its author intended”.

38 The two-stage test in _Anns_ was finally overruled by the House of Lords in
_Murphy v Brentwood District Council_ [1991] 1 AC 398 (“ _Murphy_ ”). In
unanimously holding that the defendant council owed no duty of care to the
claimant (a subsequent home owner) in respect of pure economic loss, Lord
Keith of Kinkel observed thus (at 471):

In my opinion it is clear that _Anns_ did not proceed upon any basis of
established principle, but introduced a new species of liability governed by a
principle indeterminate in character but having the potentiality of covering a
wide range of situations, involving chattels as well as real property, in
which it had never hitherto been thought that the law of negligence had any
proper place.

He continued (at 471–472):

In my opinion there can be no doubt that _Anns_ has for long been widely
regarded as an unsatisfactory decision. In relation to the scope of the duty
owed by a local authority it proceeded upon what must, with due respect to its
source, be regarded as a somewhat superficial examination of principle and
there has been extreme difficulty, highlighted most recently by the speeches
in [_D & F Estates Ltd v Church Commissioners for England_ [1989] AC 177], in
ascertaining upon exactly what basis of principle it did proceed. I think it
must now be recognised that it did not proceed on any basis of principle at
all, but constituted a remarkable example of judicial legislation. It has
engendered a vast spate of litigation, and each of the cases in the field
which have reached this House has been distinguished. Others have been
distinguished in the Court of Appeal. The result has been to keep the effect
of the decision within reasonable bounds, but that has been achieved only by
applying strictly the words of Lord Wilberforce and by refusing to accept the
logical implications of the decision itself. These logical implications show
that the case properly considered has potentiality for collision with long-
established principles regarding liability in the tort of negligence for
economic loss. There can be no doubt that to depart from the decision would
re-establish a degree of certainty in this field of law which it has done a
remarkable amount to upset.

_The three-part test in_ Caparo

39 With the fall of the two-stage test in _Anns_ , another approach to
determine the existence of a duty of care emerged. In _Smith v Eric S Bush_
[1990] 1 AC 831, Lord Griffiths, in dealing with the question of when the law
deems a person who has given advice to have assumed responsibility to the
recipient who has acted on it and suffered damage, replied (at 865):

I would answer – only if it is foreseeable that if the advice is negligent the
recipient is likely to suffer damage, that there is a sufficiently proximate
relationship between the parties and that it is just and reasonable to impose
the liability.

This trend towards a three-part test was summarised by Lord Bridge of Harwich
in _Caparo_ ([23] _supra_) thus (at 617–618):

What emerges is that, in addition to the foreseeability of damage, necessary
ingredients in any situation giving rise to a duty of care are that there
should exist between the party owing the duty and the party to whom it is owed
a relationship characterised by the law as one of “proximity” or
“neighbourhood” and that the situation should be one in which the court
considers it fair, just and reasonable that the law should impose a duty of a
given scope upon the one party for the benefit of the other.

40 The three-part test in _Caparo_ is, by no means, unambiguous in its
application; indeed, the very judges who had formulated it expressed their
belief that it was unlikely to be a workable test. Lord Bridge himself
cautioned (at 618) that:

[T]he concepts of proximity and fairness embodied in these additional
ingredients are not susceptible of any such precise definition as would be
necessary to give them utility as practical tests, but amount in effect to
little more than convenient labels to attach to the features of different
specific situations which, on a detailed examination of all the circumstances,
the law recognises pragmatically as giving rise to a duty of care of a given
scope.

Similarly, Lord Roskill gave a warning (at 628) that:

Phrases such as “foreseeability,” “proximity,” “neighbourhood,” ”just and
reasonable,” “fairness,” … will be found used from time to time in the
different cases. But … such phrases are not precise definitions. At best they
are but labels or phrases descriptive of the very different factual situations
which can exist in particular cases and which must be carefully examined in
each case before it can be pragmatically determined whether a duty of care
exists and, if so, what is the scope and extent of that duty.

In other words, some overlapping or merging of the three criteria will occur
according to the particular circumstances: see also Steyn LJ’s comments in
_Elguzouli-Daf v Commission of Police of the Metropolis_ [1995] QB 335 at 349.
In a similar vein, in _Marc Rich & Co AG v Bishop Rock Marine Co Ltd_ [1994] 1
WLR 1071, Balcombe LJ said (at 1088) that he doubted whether the words “fair,
just and reasonable” imposed a test additional to that of “proximity”. He went
on to state that “these are criteria to be adopted in considering whether the
necessary degree of proximity exists”.

_The incremental approach_

41 Additionally, it ought to be noted that the House of Lords in _Caparo_ also
endorsed the _incremental_ approach advocated by Brennan J in the Australian
High Court decision of _Sutherland_ ([36] _supra_). Lord Bridge observed (at
618) that:

Whilst recognising, of course, the importance of the underlying general
principles common to the whole field of negligence, I think the law has now
moved in the direction of attaching greater significance to the more
traditional categorisation of distinct and recognisable situations as guides
to the existence, the scope and the limits of the varied duties of care which
the law imposes.

42 Although the English courts have accepted incrementalism as a useful guide,
Prof Keith Stanton has noted in “Incremental Approaches to the Duty of Care”
(in _Torts in the Nineties_ (Nicholas J Mullany ed) (LBC Information Services,
1997) at p 44), that no consistent pattern emerges to indicate what the courts
understand by this term. Prof Stanton is of the view (at p 39) that, at a
general level, “incrementalism may be regarded as restoring a traditional
method of adjudication to the tort of negligence” in that it remains
intertwined with a formula-based approach, and that the general principle
should henceforth be applied in a more cautious manner. On the other hand, at
a more detailed level, incrementalism can be taken to mean the development of
“pockets of duty of care”, modified and developed by the slow incremental
accretion of case law, in lieu of a general principle which provides the basis
of analysis. Indeed, the three-part test in _Caparo_ stands in apparent
distinction from the incremental approach which was, somewhat curiously,
advocated in the same case.

43 If incrementalism is intended to return the development of liability in
negligence to the basis that discrete sets of rules should govern different
factual scenarios, the central problem, as Prof Stanton noted at p 48, is that
it requires a return to an approach which has been systematically destroyed
since _Donoghue v Stevenson_ , as generations of lawyers have since been
trained to believe that the tort of negligence is based on a common general
principle. In this respect, we agree with Lord Bingham of Cornhill in _Customs
and Excise Commissioners v Barclays Bank plc_ [2007] 1 AC 181 (“ _Customs and
Excise Commissioners_ ”), where he observed (at [7]) that the “incremental
test is of little value as a test in itself, and is only helpful when used in
combination with a test or principle which identifies the legally significant
features of a situation”. In our view, incrementalism is not a distinct and
alternative method which results in a plethora of discrete sets of rules (as
opposed to a set of general (and universal) principles). Instead, it is an
analogical process to _apply_ specific facts to the general principle.
According to this approach, a court should, when applying the specific step of
the general principle, utilise the incremental methodology to decide first
whether that specific step (or criterion) can be satisfied _with reference to
decided cases_. This will provide an essential check to any unwarranted
expansion of liability for negligent acts. However, as we will further observe
(at [72] below), where there are no decided cases, recourse to general
principles is not only valid but also desirable. Such an approach, an
interaction of the universal with the particular (see [28] above), would, in
our view, aid in the development of a rational and purposive concept of
negligence which can achieve fairness and justice in each case.

_Other tests_

44 The cases referred to above may be regarded as the main current in the
search for a test for the existence of a duty of care in novel situations. But
there have been other side-currents, particularly in relation to liability for
psychiatric harm and negligent misstatements causing pure economic loss. A
line of authority from _Hedley Byrne & Co Ltd v Heller & Partners Ltd_ [1964]
AC 465 (“ _Hedley Byrne_ ”) has grounded liability for the latter on an
_assumption of responsibility_ towards the recipient of the statement in
question and _reliance_ by him on its accuracy.

45 As for acts or omissions causing pure economic loss, English law currently
prevents recovery for such claims. In _Murphy_ ([38] _supra_), the House of
Lords adopted what is known as the “exclusionary rule” in relation to cases
involving pure economic loss flowing from careless acts or omissions. Lord
Oliver of Aylmerton said (at 487) that if the infliction of loss by the
defendant on the claimant was to be categorised as wrongful, it was necessary
to find some factor beyond the mere occurrence of the loss and the fact that
its occurrence could be foreseen. What was necessary was evidently a
relationship of proximity so close that it was “akin to contract” (_per_ Lord
Bridge of Harwich in _Murphy_ at 481) to introduce the element of reliance
such that the scope of the duty of care owed by the defendant to the claimant
was wide enough to embrace pure economic loss. Lord Oliver further noted that
the _categorisation_ of damage as economic served at least the useful purpose
of indicating that something more was required. However, it has long been
recognised that the effect of _Murphy_ is simply that English law will deny
the existence of a duty of care to any individual suffering pure economic loss
caused by careless acts or omissions where there is neither personal injury
nor property damage: see _Charlesworth & Percy on Negligence_ (Sweet &
Maxwell, 11th Ed, 2006) at para 2-134. The reason for this appears to be a
fear of indeterminate liability owing to the fluid nature of pure economic
losses which are not strictly restricted by the physical interaction of the
parties involved (see further [66] below).

_Current position in England_

46 The search for clarity and certainty in a single formula has proved to be
elusive even some 60 years after the first articulation of the “neighbour”
principle in _Donoghue v Stevenson_. Lord Oliver of Aylmerton lamented in
_Caparo_ ([23] _supra_ at 633) thus:

… I think that it has to be recognised that to search for any single formula
which will serve as a general test of liability is to pursue a will-o’-the
wisp. The fact is that once one discards, as it is now clear that one must,
the concept of foreseeability of harm as the single exclusive test – even a
prima facie test – of the existence of the duty of care, the attempt to state
some general principle which will determine liability in an infinite variety
of circumstances serves not to clarify the law but merely to bedevil its
development in a way which corresponds with practicality and common sense.

47 In _Customs and Excise Commissioners v Barclays Bank plc_ [2005] 1 WLR
2082, Longmore LJ identified (at [23]) _three_ separate and independent tests
in England to find a duty of care:

The modern law of negligence derives primarily from four decisions of the
House of Lords: _Caparo Industries plc v Dickman_ [1990] 2 AC 605; _Henderson
v Merrett Syndicates Ltd_ [1995] 2 AC 145; _White v Jones_ [1995] 2 AC 207 and
_Phelps v Hillingdon London Borough Council_ [2001] 2 AC 619. _Caparo_ laid
down the threefold test of foreseeability, proximity and fairness and
emphasised the desirability of incremental development: see in particular Lord
Bridge of Harwich, at pp 617–618. _Henderson_ and _White_ both emphasised the
concept of assumption of responsibility in cases where the negligent
performance of services had caused economic loss. In the light of these
authorities this court has held (see _Bank of Credit and Commerce
International (Overseas) Ltd v Price Waterhouse_ [1998] BCC 617) that an
appropriate course for ascertaining whether there is a duty of care, at least
in an economic loss case, is to look at any new set of facts by using each of
the three approaches in turn, _viz_ , the threefold test, the voluntary
assumption of responsibility test and the incremental test – “if the facts are
properly analysed and the policy considerations are correctly evaluated the
several approaches will yield the same result”: per Sir Brian Neill, at p 634.

48 The judicial response of Longmore LJ that has led to the establishment of
no less than _three_ separate tests for duty, in our view, puts paid to the
search for a _general_ principle applicable to all situations where tortious
liability may arise. Damage arising from different situations (_viz_ , pure
economic loss or physical damage) is seen to require the application of
different tests, and even within the rubric of physical damage, there is some
confusion as regards which of the three tests is applicable to determine a
duty of care.

49 On appeal in _Customs and Excise Commissioners_ ([43] _supra_), the House
of Lords did not express a definitive view on whether or not the three “tests”
mentioned by Longmore LJ were substantive tests in their own right and were
all to be applied in any given case. Indeed, the general position adopted by
the House itself is, with respect, none too clear (see also Steven Gee, “The
Remedies Carried by a Freezing Injunction” (2006) 122 LQR 535, especially at
536). Thus, as Andrew Phang Boon Leong J (as he then was) observed in _Sunny
Metal & Engineering Pte Ltd v Ng Khim Ming Eric_ [2007] 1 SLR 853 (“ _Sunny
Metal_ ”) at [79], the position in England, even at the present, continues to
be in a “state of flux and confusion”. This situation does not make it easier
for the Singapore courts, but it does present them with an opportunity to
revisit the subject and to try to fashion a general test that is principled
and logical and capable of practical application to all cases where damage is
caused by a negligent act. In this connection, it should be borne in mind that
all such problems that come before the courts are evaluated and assessed on a
retrospective and not a prospective basis; the damage has arisen and the only
question is whether there is liability for it. This condition should, in most
situations, give the courts an advantage in being able to see whether, on the
facts of the case, the application of the test is likely to lead to an
unmanageable expansion of liability for negligent acts or omissions that may
be detrimental to the national welfare.

**_The different tests in Singapore_**

50 We turn now to examine the current position in Singapore. The decisions
have, as with the case in England, applied different tests to different types
of damages claimed. For convenience, we will deal first with cases of pure
economic loss and then cases of physical damage.

_“Two-stage process” for cases of pure economic loss_

51 As we have stated earlier, the courts in Singapore have in certain cases
declined to apply the “exclusionary rule” adopted by the House of Lords in
_Murphy_ ([38] _supra_) and have held that pure economic loss is recoverable
in tort: see _RSP Architects Planners & Engineers v Ocean Front Pte Ltd_
[1996] 1 SLR 113 (“ _Ocean Front_ ”) which concerned the faulty construction
of common property in a condominium. The rationale for this departure from the
English position was explained in the subsequent case of _RSP Architects
Planners & Engineers v MCST Plan No 1075_ [1999] 2 SLR 449 (“ _Eastern Lagoon_
”), where this court stated (at [43]) that there were cogent policy reasons to
allow for claims of pure economic loss in relation to immovable property since
land was scarce in Singapore and the financial outlay in such properties
represented a significant investment in a person’s lifetime.

52 In _Ocean Front_ , the management corporation (“MC”) of Bayshore Park
Condominium took out a writ against the developer of that condominium for
damages arising out of the faulty construction of common property. This court
applied the two-stage test in _Anns_ ([23] _supra_) and relied on _Junior
Books Ltd v Veitchi Co Ltd_ [1983] 1 AC 520 (“ _Junior Books_ ”) and found the
developer liable in negligence for economic loss caused to the MC with whom
the developer had no contractual relationship. The approach which this court
took was that it first considered whether there was (on the facts of the case)
sufficient proximity between the parties, which would give rise to a duty of
care. L P Thean JA, who delivered the judgment of the court, observed (at 139,
[69]):

But the approach of the court has been to examine a particular circumstance to
determine whether there exists that degree of proximity between the plaintiff
and the defendant as would give rise to a duty of care by the latter to the
former with respect to the damage sustained by the former. _Such proximity is
the ‘determinant’ of the duty of care and also the scope of such duty_.
[emphasis added]

53 This court found that there was a duty of care from the combination of
several factors evidencing proximity:

(a) the developer developed the condominium (which included the common
property as part of it) and undertook that the condominium would be
constructed in a good and workmanlike manner;

(b) after completion of the condominium, the developer remained the legal
owner of the common property and was responsible for its maintenance and
upkeep;

(c) the developer incorporated the MC to hold and to maintain the common
property; and

(d) the developer was obviously aware that if the common property was
defective as a result of defective workmanship, any damage to it would have to
be made good by the MC.

The relationship between the developer and the MC was as close as could be
short of actual privity of contract.

54 Having found that there was proximity on these bases, this court then
proceeded “to consider whether there is any policy consideration in negativing
such [a] duty of care” (at 142, [75]). It found no policy reason negativing
the duty of care primarily because the ambit of liability was determinate.
Indeed, in our view, for the very reasons given by the court in deciding that
there was proximity in that case, the policy considerations would be in favour
of imposing liability on the developer.

55 _Ocean Front_ was followed by _Eastern Lagoon_ ([51] _supra_), in which
this court revisited its holdings in _Ocean Front_. This court expressly
rejected the “two-stage test” in _Anns_ but adopted what was _substantively_ a
similar test. L P Thean JA, who delivered the judgment of the court, observed
thus (at [18]):

It seems to us that what is objectionable in that passage [containing Lord
Wilberforce’s test in _Anns_] is firstly his Lordship’s sweeping proposition
of a single general rule or principle which can be applied in every situation
to determine whether a duty of care arises and secondly the fact that the test
propounded by his Lordship in the first stage was based on foreseeability of
damage alone.

And later, at [29]–[30]:

It is abundantly clear that in _Ocean Front_ this court did not follow the
broad proposition laid down by Lord Wilberforce in _Anns_. True, the court
reached its conclusion by a two-stage process. In principle, there is no
objection to such approach. It depends on what is involved and considered in
each stage. The court certainly did not apply the first test in _Anns_. The
court’s finding that there was sufficient degree of proximity giving rise to a
duty on the part of the developers to avoid the loss sustained by the
management corporation was not premised on foreseeability of damage alone, but
on the consideration of other relevant facts. Nor did the court accept Lord
Wilberforce’s proposition that in any given situation a single general rule or
principle can be applied to determine whether a duty of care arises.

It does not follow from the mere fact that the court in the course of their
determination examined the facts by the two-stage process that the court in
effect followed _Anns_.

[emphasis added]

56 As to what this “two-stage process” entailed, Thean JA continued at [31]:

Stripped of the verbiage, the crux of such approach [_ie_ , the “two-stage
process”] is no more than this: the court first examines and considers the
facts and factors to determine whether there is sufficient degree of proximity
in the relationship between the party who has sustained the loss and the party
who is said to have caused the loss which would give rise to a duty of care on
the part of the latter to avoid the kind of loss sustained by the former. …
Next, having found such degree of proximity, the court next considers whether
there is any material factor or policy which precludes such duty from arising.

57 That the “two-stage process” was only applicable to cases of pure economic
loss was confirmed in _The Sunrise Crane_ [2004] 4 SLR 715. In that case, the
majority (at [31]–[37]) referred to _Man B &W Diesel S E Asia Pte Ltd v_ _PT
Bumi International Tankers_ [2004] 2 SLR 300 (“ _Man B &W Diesel_”) and _Ocean
Front_ and held that the approach used in those cases (_ie_ , the “two-stage
process”) was _limited_ _to pure economic loss situations_ and thus was not
applicable to _The Sunrise Crane_ , which concerned physical damage. The
majority therefore applied the three-part test in _Caparo_ ([23] _supra_) to
the case at hand. However, the dissenting judge in _The Sunrise Crane_ took
the view that a _uniform_ approach should be applied to all cases of
negligence, with the salient features of each case being determinative of the
existence and scope of duty.

58 The result of the majority’s pronouncement in _The Sunrise Crane_ , as Dr
Kumaralingam Amirthalingam notes in “ _The Sunrise Crane_ – Shedding New Light
or Casting Old Shadows on Duty of Care?” [2004] Sing JLS 551 at 555, is that
in Singapore, the “two-stage process” in _Ocean Front_ is to be applied in
cases of pure economic loss, while the three-part test in _Caparo_ is to be
applied in all other situations (_ie_ , cases of physical damage).

59 Subsequently, in _United Project Consultants Pte Ltd v Leong Kwok Onn_
[2005] 4 SLR 214 (“ _United Project Consultants_ ”) at [27], this court held
that, in determining whether to impose a duty of care in cases of pure
economic loss (which was the case in _United Project Consultants_), the courts
have “consistently adopted a more _restrictive_ approach” [emphasis added] and
applied the “two-stage process” in _Ocean Front_. After endorsing Thean JA’s
statement of the “two-stage process” in _Eastern Lagoon_ (see [56] above),
this court went on to state (at [35]) that:

In essence, before liability may be imposed upon a defendant for pure economic
loss, a court must be satisfied that all the circumstances of the case give
rise to a relationship whereby the defendant owes a duty to the plaintiff to
avoid the particular loss suffered by the plaintiff. In doing so, the court
must likewise be satisfied that there are no policy reasons why such a duty
ought not to be imposed.

However, it then expressly went on to clarify (at [36]) that the “restatement
of the principle in [_Eastern Lagoon_] _should not be construed as reverting
to the two-stage test in_ Anns” [emphasis added].

60 At first glance, the “two-stage process” is substantively similar to the
two-stage test in _Anns_ ; indeed, it even involves the same elements as
stated by Lord Wilberforce in _Anns_ : see also _Man B &W Diesel_ at [29]. On
another view, however, the “two-stage process” is a “hybrid or composite test”
in that it is not wholly “universal” in nature, since the court in _Ocean
Front_ pointed out that the facts of that case were similar to _Junior Books_
([52] _supra_) and _Bryan v Maloney_ (1995) 69 ALJR 375, ostensibly using both
these cases as precedents from which to advance the imposition of a duty of
care in that case, a process not dissimilar to the incremental approach
alluded to in _Caparo_ : see Debbie Ong Siew Ling, “The Test of Duty for
Defects in Property Causing Pure Economic Loss” [1999] Sing JLS 667 at
670–671.

61 In our view, if one were to construe Lord Wilberforce’s words in _Anns_
_literally_ (see [33] above), such that there was no longer a need to draw
analogies with decided cases, it would be true that the “two-step process”
does constitute a “hybrid or composite” test. However, as we stated earlier
(see [43] above), the common law methodology is essentially incremental in
nature, drawing its conclusions from _precedents_ , and this necessarily
presupposes that _even within the confines of a general principle_ , there
remains the scope for the application of an analogising or incremental
approach, and the two must not be viewed as being mutually exclusive. As such,
it may be better to view this court’s characterisation in that case of the
“two-stage process” as being wholly unrelated to Lord Wilberforce’s two-stage
test in _Anns_ and as a reflection of the reluctance of the local courts at
that time to follow an English authority which had been discredited. It would
therefore have been better had this court in _Eastern Lagoon_ simply
acknowledged that it was, in substance and effect, applying the two-stage test
in _Anns_.

_Three-part test for cases of physical damage_

62 We turn now to the decisions applying the three-part test in _Caparo_. As
we mentioned earlier, for cases _not_ involving pure economic loss, it is the
three-part test in _Caparo_ which has also been endorsed in the Singapore
context: see, for example, _Ikumene Singapore Pte Ltd v Leong Chee Leng_
[1993] 3 SLR 24 (“ _Ikumene_ ”); _Standard Chartered Bank v Coopers & Lybrand_
[1993] 3 SLR 712; _Pang Koi Fa v Lim Djoe Phing_ [1993] 3 SLR 317; _Mohd bin
Sapri v Soil-Build (Pte) Ltd_ [1996] 2 SLR 505; _D v Kong Sim Guan_ [2003] 3
SLR 146; _TV Media Pte Ltd v De Cruz Andrea Heidi_ [2004] 3 SLR 543 (“ _TV
Media Pte Ltd_ ”); and _The Sunrise Crane_ ([57] _supra_).

63 It is clear that the courts take the view that the three-part test in
_Caparo_ involves an incremental approach. In _Ikumene_ , this court
reiterated (at 29, [18]) what Brennan J said in the Australian High Court in
_Sutherland_ ([36] _supra_) at 43–44 (see [36] above). However, for reasons we
have mentioned earlier, our courts have not made clear the relationship
between the three-part test in _Caparo_ and the incremental approach. We
repeat our view that the application of a general principle does not exclude
an incremental approach; the latter is a method by which the general principle
is to be applied. The universal and the particular interact to produce a
result that is fair and just.

**_Overview of the problems_**

64 The search for the applicable test is not restricted to preferring one test
over the other; a related question is whether there should be different tests
to determine the existence of a duty of care for cases of pure economic loss
and cases of physical damage. Why should there be two different tests, and
what difference does it make, since the final result the courts wish to
achieve is the same, _viz_ , that which is fair and just between the parties
without imposing an unacceptable economic cost to the public. We now consider
whether a different or modified approach should apply to determine the
existence of a duty of care in cases of pure economic loss.

**_A different approach to determine duty of care in cases of pure economic
loss?_**

_Rationale for different approach_

65 As stated earlier (see [45] above), pure economic loss arising from acts or
omissions is not recoverable in England, although losses arising from
negligent misstatements are recoverable, provided that there exists a special
relationship between the parties concerned. In Singapore, while pure economic
loss is recoverable, the courts have advocated a more restricted approach in
its recovery, to the extent of purporting to apply a different test (_ie_ ,
the “two-stage process” in _Ocean Front_) to supposedly reflect this different
treatment of such losses.

66 A possible explanation for the courts’ adoption of a more restrictive
approach could be the express reference made by this court in _The Sunrise
Crane_ to a passage from _Clerk and Lindsell on Torts_ (Sweet & Maxwell, 18th
Ed, 2000) which sets out a rationale for the difference between pure economic
loss and losses associated with physical damage. This passage is as follows
(at para 7-85):

Three features distinguish economic loss claims from most physical damage
claims. First, whilst the links between negligence and physical damage depend
largely on the laws of nature and necessarily limit the type of relationship
giving rise to a claim, those between negligence and pure economic loss are
primarily human in creation and can form a complex web through which economic
losses can ripple out from the one negligent act. Secondly, because the
economic relationships are frequently created rather than imposed, the
participants in the web have a greater opportunity to use contracts to
determine the level of risk to be taken and the degree of protection from loss
required. … Thirdly, as Hobhouse L.J. has observed, “in a competitive economic
society the conduct of one person is always liable to have economic
consequences for another and, in principle, economic activity does not have to
have regard to the interests of others and is justifiable by the actor having
regard to his own interests alone”. Furthermore, as McHugh J. has noted, “pure
economic losses frequently result in mere transfers of wealth. The plaintiff’s
loss is the defendant’s or a third party’s gain”, whereas “harm to a person or
property ordinarily involves a new loss to social wealth.” These features have
led the courts to take a more restrictive approach to the imposition of a duty
of care in relation to economic loss than in relation to physical damage.

_Is a different approach justified?_

67 In relation to the reasons traditionally given as justification for a
different approach, Robby Bernstein points out in _Economic Loss_ (Sweet &
Maxwell, 2nd Ed, 1998) (at p 21) that it is important to note that it is not
anything inherent in the _type of the damage_ itself that necessitates a
different approach:

Rather, it is the _circumstances_ in which the economic loss has arisen which
sound an alarm that something more is required to warrant the imposition of a
duty of care on the defendant for the plaintiff’s loss than the mere fact that
it was reasonably foreseeable that the defendant’s negligent act or omission
would cause that loss to the plaintiff. [emphasis added]

In the case of _Leigh and Sillivan Ltd v Aliakmon Shipping Co Ltd_ [1985] QB
350, Oliver LJ (as he then was) recognised this point when he said (at 375):

The premise appears to be that the reason why, in the older authorities, the
plaintiff failed to recover damages was that the damage which he suffered was
“economic” … Speaking for myself, _I have not felt able to accept that
premise_ , for as I read those cases it was _not_ the “economic” quality of
the damage which prevented recovery _but the reason why that damage had
occurred_. [emphasis added]

Similarly, he, as Lord Oliver in _Murphy_ ([38] _supra_), reiterated this
point (at 485):

[I]t is far from clear from these decisions [_ie_ , the various economic loss
cases which he had just referred to] that the reason for the plaintiff’s
failure was simply that the only loss sustained was “economic.” Rather they
seem to have been based either upon the remoteness of the damage as a matter
of direct causation or, more probably, upon the “floodgates” argument of the
impossibility of containing liability within any acceptable bounds if the law
were to permit such claims to succeed.

68 Unfortunately, as Bernstein notes in _Economic Loss_ (at p 21), the House
of Lords in _Murphy_ failed to realise that if the concerns articulated above
do not in fact exist, then there is _no need_ for the law to adopt an unduly
restrictive approach towards the imposition of duties of care for _all_ cases
involving pure economic loss. To do so based _only_ on the type of damages
sustained (_ie_ , economic loss as opposed to physical damage) would be to
misunderstand the foundational principle upon which the restrictive principle
towards cases of pure economic loss was conceptualised in the first place.
There will be cases of pure economic loss in which the concern of
indeterminate liability does not arise. Each case must be looked at on its own
facts. Indeed, in the Australian High Court decision of _Sutherland_ ([36]
_supra_), Mason J (as he then was) said (at 32):

The proposition that, in general, damages are not recoverable for economic
loss unless it is consequential upon injury to the plaintiff’s personal
property is _by no means absolute or inflexible_ ; it is a reflection of the
law’s concern about endless indeterminate liability. In the absence of any
such concern in a particular class of case, _there is no necessity to give
effect to the proposition_. [emphasis added]

As Mason CJ, he reiterated this point in _Bryan v Maloney_ ([60] _supra_).
Mason CJ, when delivering the majority judgment (at 380), said:

[T]he policy considerations underlying the reluctance of the courts to
recognise a relationship of proximity and a consequent duty of care in cases
of mere economic loss are inapplicable to a relationship of the kind which
existed between [the parties in this case] … [T]here is no basis for thinking
that recognition of a relationship of proximity between builder and first
owner with respect to that particular kind of economic loss would give rise to
the type of liability “in an indeterminate amount for an indeterminate time to
an indeterminate class” which the courts are reluctant to recognise.

69 __ We respectfully agree that there is no justification for a _general_
exclusionary rule against recovery of all economic losses and indeed, this is
already the position the Singapore courts have taken, following _Ocean Front_.
In this connection, we would also note that the Singapore cases which have
allowed claims for pure economic losses have all been related to the economic
value of the land. Indeed, for the condominium cases, as we have considered
above at [51], the common property was intended to be for the enjoyment of the
condominium owners and, by purchasing the condominium units, each owner was
also effectively purchasing a share of the common property, as contemplated by
the statutory regime on strata titles. For this reason, the MC may be regarded
as the alter ego of the owners of the condominium units. Without the
artificial but necessary interposition of the MC, there would have been a
direct contractual relationship between the developers and the condominium
owners. This very close relationship between the developers and the MC
alleviates any fear of indeterminate liability owing to the nature of pure
economic losses. Although the Singapore decisions on pure economic loss have
been largely restricted to such situations, we are of the view that there is
no reason not to extend liability for pure economic loss to other situations,
provided that the issues of indeterminate liability and policy can be
adequately dealt with. In this connection, the incremental approach would
provide a necessary safeguard against the unintended consequence of
indeterminate liability as well as discourage arbitrariness in determining
liability.

70 However, the question then is whether we should continue to adopt a
different _test_ for cases of pure economic loss, as distinguished from cases
of physical damage. In our opinion, quite apart from the doctrinal untidiness
of having two applicable tests, depending on the _nature_ of the damage (_ie_
, the “two-stage process” in _Ocean Front_ for cases of pure economic loss and
the three-stage test in _Caparo_ for cases of physical damage), this approach
does not, in fact, address the concerns which prompted the more restrictive
approach for _some,_ but not all, cases of pure economic loss.

71 As such, in our view, a _single_ test is preferable in order to determine
the imposition of a duty of care in all claims arising out of negligence,
_irrespective_ of the _type_ of the damages claimed, and this should include
claims for pure economic loss, whether they arise from negligent misstatements
or acts/omissions. In cases of _physical_ damage, there is usually no
difficulty with regard to a control mechanism to prevent indeterminate
liability. However, the adoption of a single test would serve to constrain
liability _even in_ those extremely rare cases where _physical_ damage _might
possibly_ result in indeterminate liability. It may well be that there are
policy considerations in restricting recovery for pure economic loss in
_certain_ situations, but this in itself does not make it necessary for a
wholly different approach in the form of a separate test altogether.

72 Ultimately, a single test to determine the existence of a duty of care for
all claims of negligence would do well to eliminate the perception that there
are, at once, two or more tests which are equally applicable. While it may be
that all these tests could yield the same result, their serial applicability
diminishes the desirability of having a general principle that can provide a
coherent, consistent and reliable way of determining or recognising a duty of
care. We now turn our attention to considering what the _single_ applicable
test may be.

**_The applicable test in Singapore_**

73 In our view, a coherent and workable test can be fashioned out of the basic
two-stage test premised on proximity and policy considerations, if its
application is preceded by a preliminary requirement of _factual_
foreseeability. We would add that this test is to be applied _incrementally_ ,
in the sense that when applying the test in each stage, it would be desirable
to refer to decided cases in analogous situations to see how the courts have
reached their conclusions in terms of proximity and/or policy. As is obvious,
the existence of analogous precedents, which determines the current limits of
liability, would make it easier for the later court to determine whether or
not to extend its limits. However, the absence of a factual precedent, which
implies the presence of a novel situation, should not preclude the court from
extending liability where it is just and fair to do so, taking into account
the relevant policy consideration against indeterminate liability against a
tortfeasor. We would admit at this juncture that this is basically a
restatement of the two-stage test in _Anns_ , tempered by the preliminary
requirement of factual foreseeability. Indeed, we should point out that this
is the test applied in substance by many jurisdictions in the Commonwealth:
see, for example, the Canadian case of _Cooper v Hobart_ (2001) 206 DLR (4th)
193; the New Zealand case of _Rolls-Royce New Zealand Ltd v Carter Holt Harvey
Ltd_ [2005] 1 NZLR 324; and the general summary provided in Phang, Saw & Chan
([26] _supra_) at 9–28.

74 We now set out in detail the various elements in the approach outlined
above. We will also illustrate how this approach is to be applied practically
when we apply it to the facts of the present case.

_Factual foreseeability_

75 As we mentioned earlier (see [34] above), there is some controversy in
relation to the interpretation of the first stage of Lord Wilberforce’s test
in _Anns_ , _ie_ , whether it refers to mere factual foreseeability or legal
foreseeability or proximity. In our view, factual foreseeability is too wide a
criterion to be effective as a legal control mechanism if all that it means is
that the defendant ought to have known that the claimant would suffer damage
from his (the defendant’s) carelessness. If this is the approach to be
adopted, it would be fulfilled in almost all cases, because the two parties
are likely to be in some degree of physical relationship in the relevant case.
As Phang J said in _Sunny Metal_ ([49] _supra_) at [55]:

The first part of the “three-part test” (relating to “foreseeability”) is, in
effect, a reference to the _factual_ conception of reasonable foreseeability
or proximity. It is, in other words, what I have earlier termed … as
“reasonable foreseeability”. Although this consideration has been incorporated
as an element within the “three-part test” itself, its incorporation is, with
respect, _unnecessary_. As I have already pointed out above … the requirement
of reasonable foreseeability from a _factual_ perspective will _almost always
be satisfied_ , simply because of its very nature and the very wide nature of
the “net” it necessarily casts. There is therefore _no practical need_ to
include such a _factual_ element within a _legal_ formulation such as exists
with regard to the existence (or otherwise) of _a duty of care_. … This is not
to state that this last-mentioned (_factual_) element is to be discarded. As I
have already mentioned, it will _almost always_ be satisfied. [emphasis in
original]

76 However, that is not to say that it is not a necessary element in any claim
in negligence, just that it is a threshold question which the court must be
satisfied is fulfilled, failing which the claim does not even take off.
Indeed, as the Privy Council said in _Yuen Kun Yeu_ ([37] _supra_) at 191–192:

Further, the expression of the first stage of the test [in _Anns_] carries
with it a risk of misinterpretation. As Gibbs C.J. pointed out in _Council of
the Shire of Sutherland v Heyman_ , 59 __ A.L.J.R. 564, 570, there are two
possible views of what Lord Wilberforce meant. The first view, favoured in a
number of cases mentioned by Gibbs C.J., is that he meant to test the
sufficiency of proximity simply by the reasonable contemplation of likely
harm. The second view, favoured by Gibbs C.J. himself, is that Lord
Wilberforce meant the expression “proximity or neighbourhood” to be a
composite one, importing the whole concept of necessary relationship between
plaintiff and defendant described by Lord Atkin in _Donoghue v. Stevenson_
[1932] A.C. 562, 580 _._ In their Lordships’ opinion the second view is the
correct one. As Lord Wilberforce himself observed in _McLoughlin v. O’Brian_
[1983] 1 A.C. 410, 420, it is clear that foreseeability does not of itself,
and automatically, lead to a duty of care. There are many other statements to
the same effect. The truth is that the trilogy of cases referred to by Lord
Wilberforce in _Anns v. Merton London Borough Council_ [1978] A.C. 728, 751,
each demonstrate particular sets of circumstances, differing in character,
which were adjudged to have the effect of bringing into being a relationship
apt to give rise to a duty of care. Foreseeability of harm is a necessary
ingredient of such a relationship, but it is not the only one. Otherwise there
would be liability in negligence on the part of one who sees another about to
walk over a cliff with his head in the air, and forbears to shout a warning.

_Proximity_

77 The _first_ stage of the test to be applied to determine the existence of a
duty of care is that of proximity, _ie_ , that there must be sufficient
_legal_ proximity between the claimant and defendant for a duty of care to
arise. The focus here is necessarily on the closeness of the relationship
between the parties themselves, as alluded to by Bingham LJ in the Court of
Appeal stage of _Caparo Industries Plc v Dickman_ [1989] QB 653, where he said
(at 679) that while “[t]he content of the requirement of proximity, whatever
language is used, is not … capable of precise definition” and “[t]he approach
will vary according to the particular facts of the case, … the focus of the
inquiry is on the _closeness and directness of the relationship between the
parties_ ” [emphasis added]. Indeed, in _Hedley Bryne_ ([44] _supra_) itself,
the House of Lords used language which pointed to the relationship between the
parties as being determinative of duty.

78 Although Lord Keith in _Yuen Kun Yeu_ referred (at 194) to the concept of
“close and direct relations”, he did not clarify what the concept means.
However, in the Australian High Court decision of _Sutherland_ ([36] _supra_),
Deane J has observed thus (at 55–56):

The requirement of proximity is directed to _the relationship between the
parties_ in so far as it is relevant to the allegedly negligent act or
omission of the defendant and the loss or injury sustained by the plaintiff.
It involves _the notion of nearness or closeness and embraces physical_
proximity (in the sense of space and time) between the person or property of
the plaintiff and the person or property of the defendant, _circumstantial_
proximity such as an overriding relationship of employer and employee or of a
professional man and his client and what may (_perhaps loosely_) be referred
to as _causal_ proximity in the sense of the closeness or directness of the
causal connection or relationship between the particular act or course of
conduct and the loss or injury sustained. It may reflect _an assumption by one
party of a responsibility_ to take care to avoid or prevent injury, loss or
damage to the person or property of another or _reliance_ by one party upon
such care being taken by the other in circumstances where the other party knew
or ought to have known of that reliance. _Both the identity and the relative
importance of the factors which are determinative of an issue of proximity are
likely to vary in different categories of case._ That does _not mean_ that
there is scope for decision by reference to idiosyncratic notions of justice
or morality or that it is a proper approach to treat the requirement of
proximity as _a question of fact to be resolved merely by reference to the
relationship between the plaintiff and the defendant in the particular
circumstances._ The requirement of a relationship of proximity _serves as a
touchstone and control of the categories of case in which the common law will
adjudge that a duty of care is owed._ Given the general circumstances of a
case in a new or developing area of the law of negligence, the question what
(if any) combination or combinations of factors will satisfy the requirement
of proximity is a _question of law to be resolved by the processes of legal
reasoning, induction and deduction. On the other hand, the identification of
the content of that requirement in such an area should not be either
ostensibly or actually divorced from notions of what is “fair and reasonable”
… or from the considerations of public policy which underlie and enlighten the
existence and content of the requirement._ [emphasis added]

79 We respectfully agree with this analysis which merely unpacks “proximity or
neighbourhood” as a composite idea, importing the whole concept of the
necessary relationship between the claimant and the defendant described by
Lord Atkin in _Donoghue v Stevenson_ (at 580). However, in this regard, we
also acknowledge that there are numerous judicial pronouncements on the
difficulty (and indeed, redundancy) in defining “proximity”. Some of these
examples have already been cited above and it suffices only to reproduce Lord
Oliver of Aylmerton’s speech in _Alcock v Chief Constable of South Yorkshire
Police_ [1992] 1 AC 310, where he said (at 411):

[I]n the end, it has to be accepted that the concept of “proximity” is an
artificial one which depends more upon the court’s perception of what is the
reasonable area for the imposition of liability than upon any logical process
of analogical deduction.

80 Notwithstanding these judicial views, we agree with Phang, Saw & Chan ([26]
_supra_ at 42) that these observations are “puzzling, to say the least”. If
indeed the “proximity” concept is merely a label or an artificial exercise in
judicial creativity, then one must ask why the concept is still resorted to or
utilised in the various tests. Its very presence suggests that it has some
substantive content that is capable of being expressed in terms of legal
principles. Rather than denouncing it as a mere “label”, the courts should
strive to infuse some meaning into it, if only so that lawyers who advise
litigants and even law teachers can make some sense of the judicial
formulations.

81 In our view, Deane J’s analysis in _Sutherland_ , that proximity includes
physical, circumstantial as well as causal proximity, does provide substance
to the concept since it includes the twin criteria of voluntary assumption of
responsibility and reliance, where the facts support them, as essential
factors in meeting the test of proximity. Where A voluntarily assumes
responsibility for his acts or omissions towards B, and B relies on it, it is
only fair and just that the law should hold A liable for negligence in causing
economic loss or physical damage to B: see Phang, Saw & Chan at 47, where the
authors wrote:

_[B]oth_ perspectives are, at bottom, _two different (yet inextricably
connected) sides of the same coin and ought therefore to be viewed in an
integrated and holistic fashion_. [emphasis in original]

82 We only need to add, further, that in determining proximity as expounded by
Deane J in _Sutherland_ , the court should apply these concepts first by
analogising the facts of the case for decision with those of decided cases, if
such exist, but should not be constrained from limiting liability in a
deserving case only because it involves a novel fact situation.

_Policy considerations_

83 Assuming a positive answer to the preliminary question of factual
foreseeability and the first stage of the legal proximity test, a _prima
facie_ duty of care arises. Policy considerations should then be applied to
the factual matrix to determine whether or not to negate this duty. Among the
relevant policy considerations would be, for example, the presence of a
contractual matrix which has clearly defined the rights and liabilities of the
parties and the relative bargaining positions of the parties.

84 We also recognise that the obvious objection to utilising policy as the
overarching determinant of liability is its potential to result in arbitrary
decisions. Although it is generally recognised that public policy is an unruly
horse (_per_ Burrough J in _Richardson v Mellish_ (1824) 2 Bing 229 at 252;
130 ER 294 at 303), it cannot be _completely_ ignored. The danger is _not_
with judges deciding cases based on policy considerations but rather with
judges deciding cases based _solely_ on them. We agree with Prof Tan ([29]
_supra_ at 228) that “[t]he truth lies somewhere in between pure principle-
based decisions and policy-based decisions” and that “[i]t is obviously
impossible to decide cases _in vacuo_ , exclusive of the interests and the
context of the community for which the decisions are made”. In our view, it is
inescapable that some measure of public policy must be considered but it must
not be the sole determinant.

85 We would also caution that when applying policy considerations to negate
the imposition of a duty of care, the courts must be careful to differentiate
such considerations from the requirement of proximity in the first stage of
the test we have articulated. The courts must, as far as possible, avoid
giving the impression that there remain “unexpressed motives” behind their
finding for or against a duty. The courts must also not have litigants
believe, as J A Smillie put it in “The Foundation of the Duty of Care in
Negligence” (1989) 15 Monash U L Rev 302 at 302, that “none of [the tests
articulated by the courts] is truly explanatory of judges’ reasoning or
provides a helpful framework for analysis of the duty question”. If there is
truly a _pertinent and relevant_ policy consideration involving value
judgments which reflect differential weighing and balancing of competing moral
claims and broad social welfare goals, we feel that it would be better if the
courts were to articulate these concerns under the requirement of policy
considerations, rather than subsume these concerns within the proximity
requirement, which may then lead to an overall distortion of the legal test to
determine the existence of a duty of care. In this respect, we agree with
Nicholas J Mullany when he notes in “Proximity, Policy and Procrastination”
(1992) 9 Aust Bar Rev 80 at 83 that:

Judges should openly express the true premises of their decisions and, if
recovery is considered to be undeserved, in the light of greater moral,
social, economic, administrative or philosophical public perceptions, then
these reasons and not others inherently uncertain in nature, should be
expressed as the true foundation for denial of recovery.

86 With these general propositions in mind, we turn now to the facts of the
present case.

**Duty of care in the present case**

**_Foreseeability of damage_**

_The parties’ arguments_

87 Adopting the test which we have set out, the _threshold issue_ was the
foreseeability of damage to the appellant. In this respect, it contended that
the respondent’s responsibility under the PSSCOC, as the SO, included
certification responsibilities under cl 32. Given that payment to the
appellant under the PSSCOC structure was entirely dependent on the issuance of
payment certificates certified by the respondent, the appellant submitted that
it must have been foreseeable to the respondent that any negligence in its
certification would deprive the appellant of moneys he would otherwise have
been entitled to.

88 In response, the respondent contended that the appellant had not even
crossed the low threshold of reasonable foreseeability as it was not even able
to show that the damage allegedly suffered by it could have been foreseeable.
In particular, it was argued that the appellant was in effect saying that the
alleged under-certification led to its financial difficulties and these
difficulties led to the need for it to novate the Contract. If it had not
novated the Contract, it might still have been able to recover the amounts
under-certified. In other words, the appellant had relied on the correctness
of the interim certificates issued by the respondent in deciding to enter into
the novation agreement. However, the respondent contended that it could not
have reasonably foreseen that the appellant would rely on the said
certificates for the novation given that the appellant had since 29 September
2000 been challenging the correctness of the respondent’s certifications.

_Our decision_

89 We rejected the respondent’s submission that this factual requirement was
not satisfied because the respondent could not have foreseen (essentially) the
_kind of losses_ suffered by the appellant. This is because the test envisaged
by the respondent (_ie_ , foreseeability of the _kind_ of losses) is properly
the test for the remoteness of damages in tort, and is not the test for
factual foreseeability in relation to the duty of care: see _Ho Soo Fong v
Standard Chartered Bank_ [2007] 2 SLR 181. As such, the factual requirement of
foreseeability was satisfied in this case because, as the appellant rightly
pointed out, it must have been foreseeable to the respondent that any
negligence in its certification would directly deprive the contractor of
moneys he would otherwise have been entitled to, and that if it had been paid
the correct amounts, it might not have got into financial difficulties.

**_Proximity_**

_The parties’ arguments_

90 The issue of proximity obviously formed the main focus of contention
between the parties, dominant as its role is in the determination of the
existence of a duty of care (see [77] above). We therefore consider it useful
to provide a closer analysis of the parties’ arguments.

(1) The appellant’s arguments

91 The appellant submitted that it, as the contractor in the Project, had to
rely on the professional judgment of the respondent, as the certifier, in
agreeing to enter into a PSSCOC form of contract, under which it was held out
to the contractor that payment for work done in the correct amount would
depend entirely on the respondent, as an independent certifier, discharging
its duties professionally, _ie_ , fairly and impartially. Specifically, the
appellant pointed out that the respondent must have known that any certificate
it issued for payment would determine the amount payable to the appellant
under cl 32 of the Contract. It was therefore unrealistic for the respondent
to deny knowledge of the obvious reliance that would be placed on its
certificate since it was not open for the appellant under the PSSCOC framework
to obtain payment for work done by it in any other way.

92 Further, the appellant referred to cl 2.8 of the Contract as providing some
specific indications of the respondent’s assumption of responsibility towards
the contractor. As we mentioned earlier (at [4] above), this clause states
that the SO or any of its representatives “shall at no time be under any
obligation or duty to the Contractor either on behalf of the Employer or his
own account to exercise or not to exercise any of his powers under the
Contract”. The appellant contended that, properly construed, this clause meant
that it would only apply if the respondent did nothing, but not if he did
something, and that once he decided to exercise his power under the Contract
it must follow that he had assumed responsibility to the appellant to do it
properly and professionally.

93 Finally, the appellant pointed out that cl 32.8 of the Contract made it
clear that the appellant had no remedy _vis-à-vis_ the Employer for “any
damages, whether by way of interest or otherwise, for any failure or delay by
the [SO] in certifying any payment due or payable to the Contractor”. Since cl
32.8 had severely limited any recourse by the appellant to the Employer for
damages arising from any failure or delay by the respondent in certifying any
payment due or payable to the contractor, it was argued that the decision of
the English Court of Appeal in _Pacific Associates Inc v Baxter_ [1990] 1 QB
993 (“ _Pacific Associates_ ”), which denied a duty of care in similar
circumstances, was distinguishable as in that case there was no such
restriction of the contractor’s right of recourse to the employer.

(2) The respondent’s arguments

94 The respondent argued that the case was on all fours with _Pacific
Associates_ if the court took into account the existence of the appellant’s
right to arbitration under cl 34 (see [5] above). It submitted that cl 34 gave
extensive rights to the appellant to submit disputes for arbitration including
submitting a claim against the Employer for any under-certification by the
respondent. As such, the respondent contended that, on the facts of the case,
it could not be said that the SO had assumed any responsibility for the
appellant for the consequences of any under-certification or that the
appellant had relied solely on the respondent’s certification to recover what
was due to it for work done.

95 In relation to the appellant’s interpretation of cl 2.8, the respondent
submitted that it was wholly misconceived and that it actually meant the
opposite. It was argued that cl 2.8 referred not only to the absence of a duty
to exercise the SO’s powers, but also of a duty not to exercise them, which
meant that the SO could exercise them, if he wished, which he had done.
Finally, as regards cl 32.8, the respondent submitted that while cl 32.8
precluded the appellant from claiming against the Employer damages for the
failure or delay of the respondent in certification, the appellant had the
right to claim the amounts under-certified and interest thereon by commencing
arbitration proceedings against the Employer. This was clear from a perusal of
cll 32 and 34.

96 Ultimately, the respondent submitted that, given the carefully drafted and
detailed provisions governing the rights and liabilities of the Employer and
the appellant which took into account the role of the respondent, it would be
wrong for the court to impose a duty of care on it _vis-à-vis_ the appellant.
If the appellant had wanted the respondent to assume some liability to it in
discharging the respondent’s duties to the Employer, it could have proposed a
direct contractual arrangement with the respondent or introduce the respondent
as a further party to the Contract but it chose not to do so. Alternatively,
the appellant could have decided not to tender for the work since it knew or
must have known about the contractual structure before it even submitted its
bid.

_Our decision_

97 Adopting an incremental approach with respect to the requirement of
proximity, we found the salient facts in _Pacific Associates_ to be materially
the same as those in the present case. The claimant in _Pacific Associates_
was a contractor engaged in dredging work under the supervision of the
defendant engineer who was retained by the employer. The claimant’s contract
with the employer contained clauses providing that the engineer would not be
personally liable for acts under the contract and providing for the
arbitration of disputes between the contractor and the employer. The
contractor claimed that the geological information in the tender document
issued by the engineer had under-estimated the amount of hard materials to be
dredged and that the engineer had acted negligently in rejecting the
contractor’s claims for extra payment for removal of unforeseen hard
materials. The contractor recovered some of its alleged losses from the
employer following an arbitration settlement and then sought to recover the
balance through a negligence action against the employer.

98 The Court of Appeal held (at 1032) that it would not be reasonable to
impose a _Hedley Byrne_ ([44] _supra_) duty on the engineer because it “would
cut across and be inconsistent with the structure of relationships created by
the contracts, into which the parties had entered”.

(1) Reasonable reliance and assumption of responsibility

99 The court in _Pacific Associates_ also held that the engineer did not owe a
duty of care to a contractor who had suffered economic loss as a result of his
decisions as the contractor was safeguarded by the terms of its contract with
the employer. Purchas LJ considered that the courts should be slow to
superimpose an added duty of care in excess of the rights the contractor was
content to acquire against the owner in those cases where the parties came
under a contractual framework which provided for compensation in the event of
the failure of one of the parties involved. On the question of _reliance_ ,
Purchas LJ held that if the contractor required extra-contractual protection
for the defaults of the engineer, it was open to the contractor to stipulate
for it when contracting. By accepting the invitation to tender the contractor
must be taken to accept the role to be played by the engineer as defined in
the contract. As such, the court could not accept that the engineer had held
himself out as accepting a duty of care outside the contractual framework, or
that the contractor had relied on such an assumption of responsibility.
Purchas LJ, however, noted that the position might have been different if the
arbitration clause had not been included in that contract.

100 Ralph Gibson LJ gave a similar analysis. In his judgment, he noted that
there was no _express or implied assumption of responsibility_ , emphasising
that there was no approach or request by the contractor inviting the provision
of a service or advice or information directly to the engineer. The engineer’s
relationship with the contractor arose from the engineer’s contract of
employment with the owner. It was to the owner that the engineer owed his
contractual duty to use proper care. Since the contract provided for
correction by arbitration, the engineer was not employed to exercise due care
in the interest of the contractor, so he could not be regarded as assuming
responsibility to the contractor. The duty to act fairly and impartially was
owed only to the employer. Essentially, Ralph Gibson LJ denied the general
duty on the grounds of both foreseeability (which he evidently regarded as a
legal, as opposed to factual, requirement) and proximity, in view of the
absence of voluntary assumption of responsibility.

101 On the other hand, Russell LJ, while reaching the same result, regarded
the _policy_ test as pivotal in the appeal. He thought that the engineer, in
preparing tenders and contract documents, held himself out as an expert on
whom the contractor was entitled to rely. However, on the policy test, he held
that the contractor had freely entered into the contract and knew that a claim
against the engineer must be ex-contractual. The contractor had its rights
adequately protected by the contract with the owner and, had it thought the
protection inadequate, it was at liberty to insist on a tri-partite contract.
The parties having sought to regulate their relationships by contract, the law
should be very cautious before grafting onto the contractual relationship what
might be terms of a parasitic duty unnecessary for the parties’ protection. In
Russell LJ’s view, while the requirement of foreseeability and proximity might
be satisfied, it was not just and reasonable that there should be imposed on
the engineer a duty which the contractor chose not to make a contractual one
because, _inter alia_ , the arbitration clause provided an adequate remedy in
the event of under-certification.

102 The core of the judgments, as Ian Duncan Wallace noted in “Charter for the
Construction Professional?” (1990) 6 Const LJ 207 at para 13, lies in the view
that, merely by virtue of the professional entering into a contract of
employment under which he is to perform the various duties required by his
client’s contract with a contractor, and by so acting, it cannot be inferred
as a fact that the professional (an engineer in _Pacific Associates_) has
voluntarily assumed responsibility to the contractor for a careful discharge
of his duties. As Ralph Gibson LJ’s judgment shows, only in circumstances in
which the contractor makes some positive approach to the engineer for some
service, advice, _etc_ , followed by some positive statement or action on the
part of the engineer on which it would be reasonable for the contractor to
rely without further checking, may a voluntary assumption of responsibility be
inferable.

(2) Other jurisdictions following Pacific Associates

103 _Pacific Associates_ has been followed in the Australian case of _John
Holland Construction and Engineering Pty Ltd v Majorca Projects Pty Ltd_
(2000) 16 Const LJ 114 (“ _John Holland_ ”). Byrne J thought that the lowest
common denominator in _Pacific Associates_ , which prevented the court from
finding a duty, was the arbitration clause. Regarding the duties of a
certifier generally, Byrne J had the following to say (at 125–126):

To my mind it is reasonably foreseeable that the decisions of a certifying
architect might cause loss to a contractor in a conventional building project
if made negligently. Whatever that loss might be will depend upon the nature
of the decision in question; it is in any event pure economic loss. This
foreseeability is not removed by a right to review the decision by
arbitration. Insofar as an entitlement to payment is concerned, a contractor
who is successful upon arbitration must necessarily incur the cost of that
arbitration and may suffer a deferment of payment, perhaps without a right to
interest pending payment ... Nor am I troubled by either of the examples of
policy consideration referred to in _Bryan v. Moloney_ [_sic_] (1995) 182
C.L.R. at 618–9 ... The Builder in this case is clearly an identifiable member
of the limited class of two persons who must have been in the contemplation of
the Architect as being directly affected by its decisions. It is not an
affront to the standards expected of a professional person that he or she
should exercise the onerous responsibilities of certifier with due care and
without partiality or unfairness. I suspect that the community, and
particularly those concerned in the building industry, would expect no less.

The solution to the present problem must be found in the answer to the
questions whether, in the contractual framework in which the parties to this
project operated, it is established that the Builder relied on or depended
upon the careful and impartial performance by the Architect of its certifying
functions as here alleged and whether the Architect, for its part, assumed
legal responsibility to the Contractor so to perform them.

104 Byrne J went on to find (at 126), on the basis of the contractual
background, that it was “not appropriate ... to seek to engraft upon the
contractual background a tortious obligation”. However, Byrne J could see no
policy reasons for not imposing a duty in appropriate circumstances and
accordingly accepted that in principle a certifier had a duty to make
“decisions which are professional, careful and even-handed, not in the
interests of any one party” (at 126). Further, Byrne J expressed the view that
the right to review an architect’s decision by arbitration did not remove the
foreseeability of economic loss being caused by a certifier’s negligence. Seen
in this light, the reasoning in _John Holland_ appears to be tilted towards
the _policy_ aspect of the reasoning in _Pacific Associates_ , as opposed to
subsuming the ability of the contractor to seek recourse in arbitration under
the rubric of “proximity”.

105 _Pacific Associates_ has also been followed in the Hong Kong decision of
_Leon Engineering & Construction Co Ltd v Ka Duk Investment Co Ltd_ (1989) 47
BLR 139, where the court refused to impose a duty on the professional on the
ground that there was an adequate machinery under the contract for the
contractor to pursue grievances, including those relating to under-
certification, against the employer. At the close of the judgment, Bokhary J
said (at 151):

The principle which I extract from … _Pacific Associates ..._ is one which I
would state in these terms: Where, first, there is adequate machinery under
the contract between the employer and a contractor to enforce the contractor’s
rights thereunder and, secondly, there is no good reason at tender stage to
suppose that such rights and machinery would not together provide the
contractor with an adequate remedy, then, in general, a certifying architect
or engineer does not owe to the contractor a duty in tort coterminous with the
obligation in contract owed to the contractor by the employer.

106 Elsewhere, the effect of _Pacific Associates_ has been distinguished,
primarily on the basis that what the professional says or does before a
contract is entered into is entirely different from what he does when he makes
an interim certification of payment. However, it has never been expressly
overruled and the legal principles which it stands for (as discussed above)
remain good law, as far as we are aware, in all Commonwealth jurisdictions.

107 The Canadian Supreme Court in _Edgeworth Constructions Ltd v ND Lea &
Associates Ltd_ (1993) 107 DLR (4th) 169 has held that there might be
situations where a negligent statement by the professional in _preparing the
tender documents_ would lead to liability under _Hedley Byrne_ ([44] _supra_)
but, in the absence of such a statement to the contractor, it seemed unlikely
that a court would find a duty of care based on the mere conduct of the
professional. Similarly, in _J Jarvis and Sons Ltd v Castle Wharf Developments
Ltd_ [2001] EWCA Civ 19, the English Court of Appeal distinguished _Pacific
Associates_ and held that the professional agent of an employer could be
liable to a contractor for negligent misstatements made by that agent to the
contractor with the aim of inducing the contractor to tender, provided that
the contractor placed reliance on those statements. The question of whether a
duty of care had arisen was dependent on the given facts and, in particular,
on what had been said to the contractor.

(3) Application to the present case

108 Applying the findings in _Pacific Associates_ in relation to proximity to
the present case, we were of the opinion that the requirement of proximity was
not satisfied. The trial judge at [79] of the Judgment stated that there was
no assumption of direct responsibility by the respondent to the appellant, but
did not explain _why_ this was so. In view of the presence of the arbitration
clause in the Contract, _ie_ , cl 34 (see [5] above) in the present case, it
was not possible for this court to depart from the reasoning in _Pacific
Associates_ and hold that the respondent had a duty of care to the appellant
to certify the payments for work done correctly. For this reason, we held that
there was no legal proximity for a duty of care to arise.

109 With respect to the arguments based on cl 32.8, we were of the view that
although the appellant had no remedy _vis-à-vis_ the Employer for “any
damages, whether by way of interest or otherwise, for any failure or delay by
the [SO] in certifying any payment due or payable to the Contractor”, thereby
precluding the appellant from claiming damages against the Employer for
failure or for delay of the respondent in certification, the appellant was
always free to claim the amounts _under-certified_ and interest thereon by
arbitration proceedings against the Employer. This was clear from a perusal of
cll 32 and 34. In addition, cl 22 specifically allowed the contractor to claim
“Loss and Expense” against the Employer under many stated grounds. Hence,
_Pacific Associates_ was not distinguishable because of cl 32.8.

110 In relation to the effect of cl 2.8, we accepted the respondent’s argument
as set out in [95] above.

**_Policy considerations_**

111 In reaching our decision, we had also considered the parties’ arguments on
whether if there had been proximity, there would have been any policy
considerations that would have persuaded us to deny any remedy to the
appellant.

_The parties’ arguments_

112 In this regard, the appellant first submitted that given the recognised
and accepted position of the certifier having to be independent and impartial
to both the employer and the contractor, it was logical that a duty of care be
imposed on the certifier to ensure that he would discharge his duties
professionally to all parties who might be affected by his certification. This
would also help to improve the overall standards in the industry. To this
submission, the respondent argued that it was merely speculative.

113 Secondly, the appellant stated that the trial judge’s concern about
opening the floodgates must be considered in its appropriate context. In
particular, while there might be additional claims made (such as from sub-
contractors), it was within the power of the courts to control the risk by
recognising the appellant’s claim and denying the other claims. In this case,
the respondent’s duties, certification and otherwise, were aimed at the party
in direct contract with the Employer, _ie_ , the main contractor, and there
was no risk of indeterminate liability. The respondent’s argument, in
response, was that it would not be just or reasonable to impose a duty of care
on the SO in view of the contractual framework to which the appellant had
agreed.

_Our decision_

114 On the facts of the present case, the same reasons above articulated by
Russell LJ in _Pacific Associates_ can also be characterised as policy
considerations under the second stage of the test in _Anns_. For the reasons
considered above, _viz_ , a duty of care should not be superimposed on a
contractual framework, we considered that there were cogent policy reasons
why, assuming that proximity was found, a duty of care should nonetheless
_not_ be imposed on the respondent.

**Conclusion**

115 To recapitulate: A _single_ test to determine the existence of a duty of
care should be applied regardless of the nature of the damage caused (_ie_ ,
pure economic loss or physical damage). It could be that a more restricted
approach is preferable for cases of pure economic loss but this is to be done
within the confines of a single test. This test is a two-stage test,
comprising of, first, proximity and, second, policy considerations. These two
stages are to be approached with reference to the facts of decided cases
although the absence of such cases is not an absolute bar against a finding of
duty. There is, of course, the threshold issue of factual foreseeability but
since this is likely to be fulfilled in most cases, we do not see the need to
include this as part of the _legal_ test for a duty of care.

116 In the circumstances, applying the two-stage test, we found that there was
no duty of care as the appellant had contended for. As a result, we did not
have to consider the additional issues of breach, causation and remoteness
which had been canvassed before us. The appeal was dismissed with costs and
with the usual consequential orders.

  

* * *

[note: 1] _Record of Appeal_ , Vol III Part B at 658.

[note: 2] _Record of Appeal_ , Vol III Part H at 2166.

[note: 3] _Record of Appeal_ , Vol III Part B at 660.

[note: 4] _Record of Appeal_ , Vol III Part A at 358.

[note: 5] _Record of Appeal_ , Vol V Part N at 8338.

[note: 6] _Record of Appeal_ , Vol V Part N at 8342.

[note: 7] _Record of Appeal_ , Vol III Part I at 2328 to 2335.

[note: 8] _Record of Appeal_ , Vol V Part N at 8418 to 8421.

[note: 9]_Record of Appeal_ , Vol V Part Q at 9307.

[note: 10]_Record of Appeal_ , Vol V Part R at 9478.

[note: 11]_Record of Appeal_ , Vol V Part R at 9494 to 9496.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 08 Aug 2007 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

