Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Ho Pak Kim Realty Co Pte Ltd v Revitech Pte Ltd  
[2007] SGHC 194

Case Number | : | Suit 36/2006  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 13 November 2007  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Lai Siu Chiu J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Christopher Chong Chi Chuin & Kelvin Teo Wei Xian (Legal Solutions LLC) for the plaintiff; Tito Shane Isaac & Justin Chan Yew Loong (Tito Isaac & Co) for the defendant   
Parties | : |  Ho Pak Kim Realty Co Pte Ltd — Revitech Pte Ltd   
  
Contract – Contractual terms – Finding of fact – Whether certain documents
were part of the contract  
  

13 November 2007 |  Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Lai Siu Chiu J:

1 This was a claim relating to a building contract for the construction of a
block of apartments (22 units) with basement car park and a swimming pool at
No 89 Kovan Road, Singapore (‘the project”). The project was to be constructed
by Ho Pak Kim Realty Co Pte Ltd (“the plaintiff”) for the owner Revitech Pte
Ltd (“the defendant”). The plaintiff was represented by its director Ho Soo
Fong or Benson Ho (“Ho”) while the defendant was represented by its director
Abhishek Murthy (“Murthy”).

The facts

2 The plaintiff was appointed the main contractor while the architect of the
project was Nguyen Trung Chon (‘Nguyen”) from ACME Architects (“ACME”). The
quantity surveyor appointed for the project was Donald Payne (“Payne”), a
director from BKP Associates Pte Ltd (“BKP”), the mechanical and engineering
consultants were HY M&E Consultancy Services Pte Ltd (“HYME”) while the
structural engineers were PEC Consultant (‘PEC”). BKP apparently resigned from
the project on 31 May 2005 (according to Payne) because the firm was not paid
its additional fees.

3 According to the defendant, the building contract comprised of: (i) two
volumes (I and II) of tender documents (“the contract documents”), (ii) the
Conditions of Contract, (iii) the Supplementary Conditions of Contract, (iv)
Preambles to work sections as well as (v) the defendant’s letter of award
dated 21 November 2002 (see AB196) (“the letter of award”). Save for the
letter of award, the contract documents were duly signed on or about 20
November 2003. The contract documents were based primarily on the standard
contract of the Singapore Institute of Architects Articles and Conditions of
Building Contract for Lump Sum (4th Ed, March 1990), commonly known as the SIA
contract. It was the plaintiff’s case that the letter of award was the only
document that governed the contractual relationship between the parties until
20 November 2003 (which the plaintiff said was the date of the formal contract
between the parties). The plaintiff alleged that the contract documents were
neither seen nor signed by Ho and that they did not form part of the contract
between the parties. (In its closing submissions however (at [17]), the
plaintiff seemed to shift its position – it argued that only volume II did not
apply). The plaintiff further alleged that the contract documents were only
for the purpose of assisting the defendant to obtain release of funds borrowed
from Hong Leong Finance Limited (“Hong Leong”).

4 Under para 2.0 of the letter of award, the contract sum was $4,257,500.00
(“the contract sum”) and the contract period under para 4.0 thereof was to be
15 months from the date of commencement. The commencement date would be 14
days from the letter of award or when the Permit to Commence Work was obtained
from the relevant authorities whichever was the later, after which liquidated
damages would be imposed for late completion for each day that the works
remained uncompleted.

5 As the plaintiff obtained the Permit to Commence Work on 12 December 2002
and did not commence work earlier, the completion period for the project would
expire 15 months later on 11 March 2004.

6 By a supplemental agreement made between the parties and dated 2 December
2003 (“the Supplemental Agreement”), it was agreed that the completion date
would be extended to 28 August 2004. The defendant further agreed to waive
liquidated damages for the period of delay (12 March 2004 to 28 August 2004).

7 It was the defendant’s case that from the start of the project, the
plaintiff’s works encountered delays. Further, although the plaintiff was
required under the contract documents to submit a Master programme (for the
construction schedule) to ACME for approval seven days before commencement of
the works, this was not done. A preliminary Master programme that the
plaintiff submitted at the first site meeting on 16 December 2002 was not in
order, as the critical dates for testing, commissioning, inspection and
handing-over of mechanical and electrical (“M&E”) works were omitted. As such,
ACME directed the plaintiff to revise and resubmit the Master programme.

8 The revised Master programme that the plaintiff submitted at the second site
meeting on 16 January 2003 was again not in compliance with ACME’s
requirements.

9 However, even without a proper Master programme, ACME could tell from site
visits that the plaintiff’s works were behind schedule and did not correlate
with the revised Master programme. Consequently, on 4 March 2003, ACME issued
an Architect’s Direction to the plaintiff requiring the plaintiff to submit a
‘catch-up’ programme for the delayed works.

10 The plaintiff finally commenced work in late March 2003. However, despite
various requests and directions from ACME, the plaintiff showed no improvement
in its progress. Indeed, the defendant alleged that Ho even showed reluctance
to attend site meetings or to take the defendant’s telephone calls, prompting
ACME to issue a warning letter on 13 March 2003 that such conduct was
unacceptable.

11 However, despite Ho’s personal assurances to Murthy that the plaintiff
would finish the project on time and in compliance with the contract
documents, the plaintiff’s progress of works worsened. The defendant’s litany
of complaints against the plaintiff included the following:

(a) failure to comply with the directions from the consultants (including
ACME);

(b) delay in submission of documents; and

(c) mismanagement of the site.

The defendant alleged that the plaintiff’s disregard for instructions and
directions given by the defendant’s consultants caused the collapse in April
2003 of a boundary wall that separated the project from the adjacent site, due
to its excavation works being done in an improper manner. Although ACME issued
a second Architect’s Direction to the plaintiff on 15 May 2003 to rectify the
affected portions of the boundary wall, it took the plaintiff more than two
months to complete the works.

12 In relation to site management, the defendant cited the inadequate work
force of the plaintiff, delays in the delivery of materials on site and a lack
of qualified staff to administer and oversee the plaintiff’s works. In
addition, the defendant complained of the plaintiff’s refusal to furnish a
performance bond, its refusal to accept a nominated sub-contractor for M&E
works (in particular for the lifts) and the plaintiff’s lack of diligence in
executing the works.

13 On 3 June 2003, Nguyen, on behalf of ACME, wrote to the defendant
expressing his concern with the lack of progress at site and with Ho’s conduct
(for which five complaints were listed). ACME’s letter recommended that the
defendant seek legal advice on the probable action to be taken. The letter
concluded with a request for a proper contract to be in place, without which,
ACME would be unable to administer the project properly.

14 According to the defendant, since the first site meeting on 16 December
2002, the plaintiff had been instructed to submit its performance bond.
Although the plaintiff agreed to do so together with the insurance policy, it
failed to provide the document even six months later. The plaintiff’s omission
to provide a performance bond was one of the reasons why the Supplemental
Agreement was executed.

15 Because of the plaintiff’s persistent refusal to carry out the instructions
and/or directions of ACME, Nguyen issued the first of two termination
certificates to the plaintiff on 27 June 2003 (“the first termination
certificate”) pursuant to cl 32(4) of the Conditions of Contract. The first
termination certificate cited two grounds:

(a) failure to submit a sufficiently detailed make-up of prices pursuant to cl
5 of the contract; and

(b) failure to proceed with the work diligently and with due expedition.

16 Although the defendant accepted that ACME had good reasons to terminate the
plaintiff’s services, Murthy was also concerned that it would be more costly
to find a replacement main contractor. The defendant also knew that the
plaintiff was not financially sound as the plaintiff had a Subordinate Courts
judgment entered against it. The judgment creditor had attempted to garnish
payments due from the defendant to the plaintiff after it failed to garnish
the plaintiff’s bank accounts.

17 Ho, however, allayed the defendant’s fears with the assurance that he would
resolve matters with the plaintiff’s judgment creditor. Murthy took Ho at his
word as the defendant was concerned that terminating the plaintiff’s services
would cause further delay to the project not to mention the issue of
recovering liquidated damages from the plaintiff for the delay already
incurred. The defendant subsequently discovered that the plaintiff refused to
pay the judgment creditor’s claim.

18 The defendant alleged that it entered into the Supplemental Agreement at
Ho’s behest as the latter wanted changes to the contract documents. These
included:

(a) an extension of time until 28 August 2004 for completion;

(b) removal of the lift installation from the plaintiff’s scope of works;

(c) downgrading of some materials and items;

(d) removal of the requirement of a performance bond in exchange for which the
defendant could withhold $494,000.00 in payment from the plaintiff until
issuance of the Temporary Occupation Permit (“the TOP”); and

(e) all works certified beyond $1,064,375.00 would be paid less GST. The
remainder of the works as certified would be paid from a construction loan
from Hong Leong.

19 It was only at the site meeting on 7 January 2004 that the plaintiff
submitted a proper Master programme to ACME. Nguyen’s reaction was to write to
the plaintiff on 12 January 2004 to say that the plaintiff’s timelines for
completion of certain works were impossible to achieve, in particular that for
structural works to be completed by June 2004. Nguyen requested that the
plaintiff submit a revised Master programme with a view to completing the
project by 15 August 2004. In addition, at subsequent site meetings held
between February 2004 and March 2004, ACME highlighted the impossibility of
achieving the timelines set by the plaintiff in the Master programme. However,
ACME never received a revised Master programme from the plaintiff.

20 The plaintiff failed to complete the project by 28 August 2004. Ho then
requested first Murthy, and later, Murthy’s father Dr CK Murthy (“Dr Murthy”)
for another extension of time, representing to them that the plaintiff would
complete the project by 15 November 2004. Father and son reluctantly agreed,
imposing the condition that the plaintiff would bear all interest charges
incurred by the defendant resulting from the further delay. Ultimately, the
interest charges incurred by the defendant were never paid by the plaintiff.

21 Despite the further extension of time granted by the defendant, the
plaintiff’s work did not improve nor was it expedited. ACME issued a delay
certificate on 16 November 2004. The plaintiff eventually completed the
project in 2005. The plaintiff contended that it completed the project on 18
March 2005 while the defendant (through ACME) contended that completion was
much later - on 18 August 2005, that being the date of issue of the TOP. ACME
issued its completion certificate on 26 December 2005.

22 Murthy claimed the defendant encountered problems when the project was
handed over by the plaintiff. At the time of the handover (at which Murthy
alleged the plaintiff caused chaos) the plaintiff had not yet rectified the
many defects in the project. Because of Ho’s poor interaction and attitude
towards the purchasers of the units, some unit-owners refused to have anything
to do with Ho whilst other purchasers decided to do their own repair and
rectification works. Ho also took away the main door keys of the units with
the result that the defendant’s marketing agent (Orange Tee) was unable to
show unsold units to prospective purchasers. The defendant changed the locks
to all the main doors in order to gain entry and allow viewings by prospective
purchasers. It was only after the change of locks that Ho returned the keys on
25 July 2006, by which time the keys were useless.

23 Ho on his part complained that the plaintiff was not paid on its progress
claims in full. He alleged that ACME certified 25 interim certificates in the
value of $4,109,267.00 when the plaintiff submitted 28 progress payment claims
for $4,580,334.50. The plaintiff was only paid $3,337,636.03 (even taking into
account the 5% retention sum for every progress payment). Payment was in
“dribs and drabs” and was late (see Ho’s affidavit of evidence-in-chief
(“AEIC”) at para 29). The last interim certificate issued by ACME to the
plaintiff was dated 31 May 2005 for works completed as of 24 March 2005. Based
on certificate no. 25 (and less back charges), the defendant owed the
plaintiff $628,887.99. Ho alleged that ACME failed to certify payment on the
plaintiff’s progress claims no. 26, 27 and 28 dated 28 April 2005, 28 May 2005
and 28 June 2005 respectively.

24 The plaintiff also claimed for additional works comprising of 12 items of a
total value of $320,604.50, asserting that they were outside the scope of the
plaintiff’s works and done on ACME’s instructions.

25 Ho further alleged that at the defendant’s behest, he had signed a letter
dated 2 March 2004 to Hong Leong to say the plaintiff had been paid
$1,023,317.31 when the defendant had only received $670,000.00. Consequently,
the plaintiff sent a separate letter to the defendant also dated 2 March 2004
to reflect the true payment position.

26 On 1 February 2006. ACME issued a (second) termination certificate to the
plaintiff. Thereafter, the defendant regained control of the site, without
which it could not address the concerns of the unit owners properly given the
plaintiff’s (Ho’s) interference.

The pleadings

27 The plaintiff filed the present writ of summons with statement of claim on
24 January 2006. By the time of the trial, its claim had undergone two
amendments – the plaintiff’s liquidated claim for the balance of the certified
sums was increased from $566,167.62 to $771,630.00 while its claim for
undervaluation by ACME had been revised from $471,067.50 to $239,337.50. The
plaintiff’s total liquidated claim was $1,010,967.50.

28 I should point out that the hearing before me in May 2007 was the second
tranche (in counsel’s words) of this claim. The first tranche was heard on 9
October 2006 before Sundaresh Menon JC. Trial of the first tranche was
scheduled to last until 20 October 2006. In the course of giving his evidence
at the first tranche, Ho did a _volte face_. Whereas the plaintiff had
previously acknowledged that it was bound by the contract documents, Ho
claimed on 11 October 2006 that volume I of the contract documents did not
apply to the plaintiff.

29 During Ho’s cross-examination on 17 October 2006, counsel for the plaintiff
confirmed volume I still applied. However, in the course of that day, Ho
changed his mind as well as the plaintiff’s case. After a hearing in chambers,
Menon JC directed the plaintiff to re-amend its statement of claim. Trial was
then adjourned to allow the plaintiff to amend its pleadings and costs thrown
away were awarded to the defendant.

30 The plaintiff’s revised case before me was based on a contract which was
partly oral and partly in writing. The plaintiff alleged that the written part
of the contract was the plaintiff’s quotation for the sum of $4,257,500.00
that was accepted by the defendant (and included in Appendix A) together with
the drawings in Appendix B. The quotation was set out in the plaintiff’s
progress claim no. 1 dated 28 March 2003. The oral terms of the contract were
that:

(a) the plaintiff need not provide site supervision such as a site engineer;

(b) the plaintiff need not attend site meetings and instead, the defendant
would provide a representative who would attend site meetings and update the
plaintiff on what transpired in the meetings;

(c) the plaintiff need only provide a brief construction programme based upon
which the defendant would provide a detailed construction programme;

(d) the plaintiff need not provide ground instrumentation;

(e) the defendant (not the plaintiff) would provide calculations for temporary
works and make the necessary submissions;

(f) timber flooring would be constructed of Burmese teak instead of Brazilian
teak;

(g) roof and basement waterproofing would be constructed with the use of
waterproofing concrete (and additives);

(h) the aluminium windows would have 6mm thick glasses;

(i) no plastering was required for basement walls; and

(j) the plaintiff need only carry out M&E works necessary to obtain the TOP
for the project.

31 The plaintiff further alleged that the defendant was estopped from
demanding six items in the letter of award _viz_ ,

(a) a performance bond under para 6.1,

(b) a detailed work programme under para 6.3,

(c) site supervision under para 6.4,

(d) monitoring devices under para 8.0,

(e) attendance at site meetings under para 13.00; and

(f) weekly progress reports under para 14.00.

After it received the letter of award, the plaintiff alleged Ho objected to
Murthy on the above terms and Murthy had orally assured and represented to Ho
that the plaintiff need not provide the above items and would inform ACME
accordingly. (The plaintiff referred to this episode as the first
representation). In reliance on the first representation which the plaintiff
alleged was made fraudulently, Ho had signed the letter of award on the
plaintiff’s behalf.

32 The plaintiff alleged that it agreed with the defendant on or about 19
September 2003, to some changes in the breakdown of prices in the plaintiff’s
quotation and this was recorded in Appendix C.

33 On or about 20 November 2003, Ho executed certain pages which were compiled
by BKP to form part of the contract documents. These included page 6 of the
Form of Tender, page D of the Articles of Contract, page 7 of the
Supplementary conditions and page 1 of the Final Summary. At the end of
October or early November 2003, Murthy allegedly approached Ho to execute a
set of documents based on the tender documents BKP had prepared. Murthy
allegedly represented to Ho that the defendant’s financiers (Hong Leong) would
not release funds from the construction loan the defendant had secured unless
the plaintiff executed the contract documents based on the tender documents.

34 Relying on Murthy’s representation (which the plaintiff referred to as the
“second representation”) that the contract documents were for “bank purposes”,
Ho executed the same. It was further alleged that when Ho signed the contract
documents (at Payne’s office), he was not provided with the full set of
documentation that was eventually compiled into volume I of the contract
documents. In particular, Ho claimed he did not receive the Specifications and
the Schedule of Works. Consequently, the plaintiff’s statement of claim
pleaded, volume I did not apply to the contract between the parties. The
plaintiff alleged that the second representation was also made fraudulently by
Murthy.

35 The plaintiff alleged that the defendant’s termination of the plaintiff’s
employment on 2 February 2006 was wrongful, for which it claimed damages. The
plaintiff had a separate claim for damages based on misrepresentation.

36 Not unexpectedly, the defendant denied the plaintiff’s allegations. The
defendant asserted that Murthy had at all material times informed Ho that the
terms of the contract as contained in the contract documents would be binding
on the parties and Ho had represented that the plaintiff would abide by the
terms and conditions thereof.

37 The defendant admitted that ACME issued 25 interim certificates but
asserted that the defendant had overpaid the plaintiff $316,450.36. The
defendant referred to the Supplemental Agreement which stated that the sum of
$494,375.00 could be withheld from the plaintiff until the TOP was obtained.
Consequently, as the TOP had not yet been issued at the material time, the sum
of $494,375.00 should be deducted from ACME’s certification of $3,903,803.65.
Further, a sum of $142,742.98 was paid directly to suppliers on the
plaintiff’s behalf and the sum should be charged back to and deducted from the
plaintiff’s payments. The defendant was also forced to pay the plaintiff
another $50,000.00 on 22 October 2005, without which the plaintiff would not
cooperate with the defendant to carry out further works on site.

38 According to interim certificate no. 25 issued by ACME, the plaintiff’s
works had been delayed by 197 days as of 31 May 2005. Pursuant to Appendix (i)
of the contract, liquidated damages were payable at $1,500.00 per day; this
amounting to $295,500.00 for 197 days.

39 Pursuant to cl 24(1) of the Conditions of Contract, ACME issued a delay
certificate on 16 November 2004. There was another delay of 79 days (up to 1
February 2005) when ACME issued a termination certificate, for which
liquidated damages amounted to $118,500.00. Liquidated damages for 276 days
(197+79 days) totalled $414,000.00.

40 The defendant asserted that its calculations showed that it only owed the
plaintiff a balance of $1,607,251.99 against which it claimed a set-off for
liquidated damages, the overpayments and backcharges ([37] _supra_); and
damages under the termination certificate.

41 It was the defendant’s contention in its submissions that the plaintiff’s
change in position through Ho (described by counsel for the defendant as a
third bite of the cherry) was indicative of dishonesty and lack of merit in
the plaintiff’s claim. The defendant speculated that the change was made
because Ho knew the plaintiff’s case was doomed.

The evidence

**_The plaintiff’s case_**

42 Four witnesses including Ho testified for the plaintiff. Ho was in the
witness stand first, to continue his testimony from 17 October 2006, when the
first tranche of the trial was adjourned. The plaintiff’s witness in the first
tranche was Samuel Kuan, the structural engineer for the project from PEC.

43 I should add that the trial before me may not be the final tranche.
Depending on my ruling, there may well be a third tranche of this suit when
the claim and/or counterclaim, as the case may be, proceeds for assessment by
the Registrar.

44 Ho’s written testimony dwelt at length on how the plaintiff came to tender
for, and be awarded, the project at the contract sum. In light of the
plaintiff’s pleaded allegation that the contract documents did not apply to
the contract between the parties, it will be necessary to look at Ho’s
evidence in some detail.

45 In his AEIC, Ho deposed that he was acquainted with Murthy as Murthy was
from CKM Consultants, a firm of structural engineers who worked with Ho on a
previous construction project developed by another company, of which Ho was a
director. Ho claimed that Murthy approached him to inquire about the cost of
developing a piece of land at Kovan Road of about 20,000 square feet with a
built-up area of approximately 40,000 square feet. Ho gave a rough estimate of
about $3.6m as his (Ho’s) cost for a project of ordinary design in the Hougang
area. Ho claimed he declined when Murthy inquired whether Ho wanted to be the
main contractor. Ho was told by Murthy that the defendant had paid $6.1m as
the land cost. Ho commented that with the development charge of $1m together
with construction costs of $4m, the defendant could take a loss on the project
as pricing in the Kovan area was around $500.00 -$600.00 per square foot at
the material time.

46 Ho said Murthy requested his help to find a contractor and also to give a
quotation so that Murthy could use it as a basis for comparison with those of
other contractors. Ho agreed and was provided with some drawings and a form to
complete. Ho gave a quotation in the sum of $4.1m. When asked subsequently by
Murthy, Ho said his quotation did not include GST. At Murthy’s request, Ho
completed a more detailed form and added GST to his quotation so that the
figure increased to the contract sum.

47 Subsequently when Murthy inquired, Ho said he arrived at the figure of
$4,257,500.00 based on the drawings Murthy had provided. Murthy again
requested Ho to provide another quotation based on a thick volume of tender
documents and a set of drawings. Initially, Ho refused saying he was not
interested in tendering. Ho relented after repeated requests from Murthy and
said he had told Murthy, in the course of flipping through the tender
documents, that the cost would be more than $4.1m. Ho took the tender
documents home, filled in the forms within the tender documents and a price of
$5.2m (“the second quotation”). He returned the tender documents to Murthy a
few days later without making a copy for himself. Ho, however, kept the
drawings.

48 Subsequently, Murthy inquired of Ho why the second quotation was much
higher than Ho’s previous quotations. Ho replied that it was because the costs
would increase if construction was to be carried out in accordance with the
many requirements and specifications set out in the tender documents. The
contractor would also have to incur higher staff costs.

49 Later, Murthy inquired of Ho whether the plaintiff could be the main
contractor as tenders submitted to the defendant by other contractors all
exceeded $5m. Ho again declined, pointing out that based on the tender
documents, the pricing would be more than $5m and the only way to save on cost
would be to do away with the requirements and specifications in the tender
documents.

50 After Murthy’s repeated requests, Ho finally agreed that the plaintiff
would be the contractor for the project but on the basis that (and I quote
from Ho’s AEIC at para 23) “the works be based only on the drawings and my
quotation for a development is of a standard of a usual development in the
Hougang area.” Ho claimed he also said (to which Murthy agreed) that in terms
of materials, the plaintiff would not provide what was in the specifications
but reasonable alternatives – as examples, Burmese teak would be used for
bedroom flooring in place of Brazilian teak and for waterproofing he would use
additive concrete instead of ordinary waterproofing membrane system.

51 At the request of Murthy (who said the second quotation was not detailed
enough) Ho claimed he provided a more detailed quotation, which was also
revised downwards to $4,257,500.00. Ho contended that the letter of award was
the only document that governed the parties’ contractual relationship until 20
November 2003, when volume I of the contract documents was signed.

52 As Ho’s AEIC echoed the plaintiff’s statement of claim (see [30] to [35]
_supra_), I shall not revisit his version of the facts which in any event was
disputed by the defendant.

53 Ho devoted the greater part of his AEIC to the plaintiff’s claims for
underpayment, under-certification and additional works. Nothing was said to
rebut the defendant’s many allegations on the plaintiff’s poor workmanship,
omissions and delays in carrying out the works. Neither did he refute Murthy’s
AEIC wherein Murthy addressed each and every item comprised in the first and
second representation. Further, apart from a brief reference (at para 41 of
his AEIC) that the parties signed the document on 2 December 2003 and
exhibiting a copy thereof, Ho made no reference whatsoever to the Supplemental
Agreement in his AEIC. In cross-examination however, Ho admitted (at N/E 291)
that the Supplemental Agreement was binding on the plaintiff. In its Further
and Better Particulars on the Reply and Defence to Counterclaim filed on 16
October 2006, the plaintiff alleged that Yeh Leong Moi (“Sharon”) of HYME had
represented to Ho a few days after 18 December 2002, that the contract
documents were for payment purposes.

54 The plaintiff subsequently called Payne to corroborate Ho’s evidence. Payne
was the BKP representative who had prepared the tender documents and provided
the same to shortlisted contractors (who did not include the plaintiff). Payne
left Singapore for England in December 2003. In his AEIC, Payne deposed that
the tender documents did not include the M&E documents (which included volume
II and specifications). Payne testified that when tenders closed for the
project, the tenders received ranged from the high side of $5m to $9m.

55 It was at a meeting with Murthy to discuss the steep tender prices that
Payne was told that the plaintiff had quoted around $4m to $5m for the
project. Payne was surprised (because the plaintiff did not tender for the
project) and (together with Nguyen) expressed his concern (because the
plaintiff’s pricing was low for what was required in the tender documentation)
to Murthy. Against Payne’s and Nguyen’s advice however, the defendant insisted
on appointing the plaintiff as the contractor, without going through the
motion of conducting tender interviews with the plaintiff as Nguyen had done
with other low tenderers.

56 Payne subsequently prepared the letter of award which he drafted on the
basis that the successful contractor had undergone the tender process. He
confirmed that for about a year, the only contractual document signed by the
plaintiff was the letter of award. Payne opined that in the course of the
project, it became clear to him that the plaintiff and the defendant had a
personal arrangement on what was required of the plaintiff for the project. As
he was not privy to the terms of the personal arrangement, it became
impossible for Payne to administer the project. He raised the matter with
Murthy and Nguyen but the issue was never resolved.

57 It was only after his many reminders to the defendant to get the plaintiff
to sign a formal contract based on the tender documents that Murthy finally
told him in October/November 2003 that the plaintiff had agreed to do so. On
20 November 2003, Ho called at Payne’s office and signed what became volume I
of the contract documents (not yet bound then). Payne deposed that he did not
show all the documents in volume I to Ho; in particular, the specifications
and M&E documentation. Subsequently, after he had bound up volume I, Payne
passed copies thereof to Nguyen for distribution. He was not aware who
received the copies.

58 Not surprisingly, counsel for the defendant attacked Payne’s testimony
pointing out that Payne’s AEIC made no reference whatsoever to the
Supplemental Agreement notwithstanding the fact that Payne had drafted the
document. Payne’s answer during cross-examination (at N/E 413) that the
omission was “an oversight” on his part was not accepted by the defendant in
its closing submissions even though Payne acknowledged that the plaintiff was
bound by the Supplemental Agreement. Payne was described by the defendant as
an unreliable witness as:

(i) there had been a significant time lapse since he left Singapore;

(ii) he spent the least amount of time on the project amongst the consultants;
and

(iii) he was not familiar with the voluminous documentation before the court.

When he left Singapore in late December 2003, the project (according to
Payne’s own evidence at N/E 486), was only at the stage of structural and some
basic M&E works.

59 Although Sharon (PW4) was the plaintiff’s witness, she denied (at N/E 527)
that she had told Ho that volumes I and II were meant for payment purposes
only. On the contrary, she had told Ho that the two volumes were the contract
documents, for which reason she had queried Ho in December 2002, when he did
not fill in the unit prices but only the summary of tender in the contract
documents. She added that she lent Ho her copy of the electrical contract and
although he assured her at the first site meeting on 16 December 2002 (see AB
202) that he would return to HYME the M&E tender documents by 18 December
2002, he never did. Sharon was emphatic that Ho had never said to her that
volume II of the contract documents did not apply (at N/E 535).

**_The defendant’s case_**

60 Murthy was the key witness for the defendant. Others who testified for the
defendant were Nguyen, Dr Murthy and Sharon’s colleague Neo Bee Keaw
(“Pauline”).

61 Murthy’s AEIC addressed at length how the project came to be awarded to the
plaintiff as well as the first ([31] _supra_) and second representations ([34]
_supra_) he allegedly made to Ho. Murthy’s attention was drawn to the
defendant’s two letters (which he signed) to the plaintiff, both dated 19
September 2003 (at AB 450/453), where he accepted the plaintiff’s breakdown of
work description and set out the defendant’s mode of payment as follows:

(a) full payment up to $500,000.00 of work certified;

(b) the next $525,000.00 of work certified when TOP was obtained;

(c) remainder of the work certified from Hong Leong’s financing.

The following was also stated:

While the ... breakdown will be included in the contract documents, the mode
of payment, which is a private arrangement between us, shall not be mentioned
in the contract documents.

62 When cross-examined on the “private arrangement” (at N/E 585-586) referred
to above, Murthy denied that the change in the mode of payment was due to the
defendant’s financial inability to pay the plaintiff progressively. Murthy
explained that Payne felt it was too difficult to incorporate the above mode
of payment into volume I of the contract documents and suggested that it be a
separate matter altogether. Murthy disagreed that the “private arrangement”
meant that he did not want Hong Leong to know that the plaintiff had not been
paid in full by the defendant.

63 The defendant’s other witnesses were consistent in their testimony that the
plaintiff/Ho at all material times acted on the basis that volumes I and II
governed the project.

64 In his AEIC, Nguyen said that his view that the plaintiff’s quality of work
was below industry standards was indeed proven true because the plaintiff’s
poor workmanship and lack of co-ordination became apparent in the course of
Nguyen’s administration of the project. Nguyen’s AEIC contained a litany of
complaints about the plaintiff’s failure to comply with the building contract
in general and on Ho’s conduct in particular.

65 Bearing in mind that one item in the first representation ([30 ] _supra_ at
(b)) was that the plaintiff need not attend site meetings, it was surprising
that Ho did not object whenever Nguyen wrote to record the plaintiff’s absence
from site meetings. An instance would be ACME’s letter to the plaintiff dated
13 March 2003 (at AB 232) where Nguyen wrote:

Furthermore, you have failed to report to two site meetings and literally have
not been contactable. We stress that this behaviour/conduct is less than
professional and is unacceptable. We require you to urgently contact us or Mr
S Selvakumar to arrange for an urgent meeting to resolve this matter amicably.

If the plaintiff need not attend site meetings, why did Ho attend any site
meetings at all? Indeed, he was absent from only two site meetings, _viz_ ,
nos. 4 and 11.

66 In the same vein, if the plaintiff (as Ho contended) needed to only
waterproof the roof and basement by using waterproofing concrete, it was
strange that the plaintiff/Ho did not object to ACME’s fax dated 30 January
2004 (AB 668) headed “Waterproofing to the Basement” where Nguyen’s sister
Bonnie Nguyen wrote: “This is to confirm that you will submit to us the
waterproofing system used for the Basement….”

67 At this juncture I need to digress by referring again to Ho’s testimony. In
the course of cross-examination (at N/E 301), counsel (as well as the court)
inquired why Ho had never once written to the defendant and/or the consultants
to state on record that the “private arrangement” (according to Ho’s version)
meant that the plaintiff could delete from the contract the ten items ([30]
_supra_) and six items from the letter of award ([31] _supra_), (which also
comprised the first and second representations respectively made to him by
Murthy). Ho’s wholly unconvincing answer was that he was a bit stupid. That
cannot be true, as, when the plaintiff received a lesser amount of payment
from the defendant than what was stated in Ho’s letter dated 2 March 2004 to
Hong Leong ([25] _supra_), Ho immediately wrote to the defendant on the same
day to put the record straight.

68 Nguyen took issue with the plaintiff’s allegations of under-certification
of the plaintiff’s claims by ACME. He referred to the numerous letters ACME
had exchanged with the plaintiff on the subject, wherein he had pointed out
that ACME’s certification was in accordance with the contract.

69 I should add that similar to the testimony of the defendant’s other
witnesses, Nguyen’s evidence was not discredited in cross-examination and his
veracity was not cast into doubt.

The findings

70 The only issue I have to determine is whether volumes I and II formed part
of the building contract between the parties. If they did, there will be no
necessity for me to consider the plaintiff’s claims regardless of whether they
are based on misrepresentation (fraudulent or otherwise) or in estoppel; they
would fail _in limine_. What is noteworthy about Ho’s AEIC is the fact that he
made no reference whatsoever to nor did he address, any of the allegations
comprised in the first and second misrepresentations and which formed the
_gravamen_ of the plaintiff’s action. Consequently, as the plaintiff did not
pursue its claim in fraud but only proceeded on estoppel, I need not deal with
the former at all. As an aside, I note that in the defendant’s closing
submissions, the opposite was argued – that the plaintiff did not pursue its
claim in estoppel but only in fraud.

71 If the plaintiff’s claim is dismissed, only the counterclaim of the
defendant will go for assessment should I find in the latter’s favour.

72 In its closing submissions, the plaintiff accepted that the Supplemental
Agreement formed part of the contract between the parties. If that was the
plaintiff’s latest position, it contradicted the stand adopted by Ho in the
witness box and in his written testimony; that volume I did not apply. I found
it difficult to ascertain the plaintiff’s case at any point of time as its
stand (through Ho) kept shifting. Ho’s position before me was that volume I of
the contract documents did not apply. However earlier (at the first tranche of
the hearing and when the defendant applied for a stay of proceedings because
of an arbitration clause in volume I of the contract documents), his view was
that volume I did apply while in its closing submissions (paras 12 and 44),
the plaintiff said volume I applied only in part.

73 Logically, there cannot be a Supplemental Agreement unless there is a
principal agreement in the first place. It is noteworthy that in the preamble
to the Supplemental Agreement, Recital A states:

The client [the defendant] and HPKR [the plaintiff] have on 20 November 2003
entered into a contract (“the main contract”) for the construction, completion
and maintenance of the proposed five-storey apartment (22 units) with a
basement car park and swimming pool on lot 144-47, MK22 at 89 Kovan Road,
Singapore.

74 Interestingly enough Payne did not corroborate the plaintiff’s allegation
that the contract documents were for payment purposes only. Payne had written
on BKP’s behalf to ACME on 18 May 2004 (at AB 5166) in response to the
plaintiff’s complaint dated 12 May 2004 on alleged under-certification by BKP
as follows:

HPKR [the plaintiff] allude to the fact that this contract was prepared for
“bank purposes” whatever that is supposed to imply. As we were instrumental
and intimately involved in preparing this contract, we can categorically state
that as far as we were concerned, this was not the intent of such a document.

75 It was also Payne’s evidence (at N/E 387) that he was aware that M&E
contracts were part of volume II of the contract documents. The fact that the
plaintiff’s case was undermined by the testimony of its own witness speak
volumes of the veracity of the plaintiff’s claim of misrepresentation.

76 It was not disputed that volume I of the contract documents was signed by
Ho and it was part of the tender documents that he had seen. Consequently,
under the parol evidence rule (encapsulated in s 94 of the Evidence Act (Cap
97, 1997 Rev Ed), the plaintiff cannot introduce oral terms which contradicted
the terms of volume I to state that the ten items therein were omitted from
its scope of works. I had earlier (see [67] above) commented on the absence of
any correspondence from the plaintiff to the defendant or its consultants to
record that such omissions were agreed between the parties.

77 As for volume II of the contract documents, it comprised of four separate
contracts for the M&E works for the project. The defendant’s closing
submissions referred to a number of facts which contradicted Ho’s claim that
the only M&E works the plaintiff was required to carry out were those that
were necessary to obtain the TOP for the project. These were:

(a) volume I of the contract documents made specific reference to volume II;

(b) the contracts in volume II were handed to Ho some time in October 2002
(according to Murthy’s AEICat paras 35-39);

(c) volume II formed part of the tender documents handed to the plaintiff
(according to the AEIC of Pauline at para 14);

(d) the plaintiff priced the air-conditioning works at $185,000.00 in the
Final Summary (at AB 4607);

(e) the swimming pool prices totalling $21,800.00 were inserted into volume I
of the contract (at AB 4601) and it was built by the plaintiff albeit with
omissions;

(f) the plaintiff signed (which Ho did not dispute) the Electrical Works and
the Plumbing and Sanitary contracts on 18 December 2002;

(g) Ho had also signed the remaining two contracts, _viz_ , the swimming pool
and air-conditioning, mechanical and ventilation (“ACMV”) contracts, the
copies of which he took from HYME and failed to return to HYME, despite
promising to do so;

(h) the sprinkler/fire protection systems were a variation item which the
plaintiff built and was paid;

(i) the lifts were meant to be installed by Otis Elevator Pte Ltd as a
nominated subcontractor of the plaintiff but were eventually installed by the
former in a direct contract with the defendant (see Pauline’s AEIC at para
11(e)); and

(j) the plaintiff carried out all items of M&E works as specified (albeit
there were omissions) and was paid accordingly.

78 If indeed Ho’s contention was true, _viz_ , that volume II of the contract
documents was only meant for payment purposes, why did the plaintiff carry out
any M&E works at all? More significantly, the plaintiff was paid for ACMV
works and construction of the swimming pool. According to Pauline, the ACMV
contract was a tender document.

79 In her AEIC, Pauline deposed that the first time the plaintiff raised its
assertion that it would only carry out M&E works necessary to obtain the TOP
was in Ho’s letter dated 27 October 2005 (see AB 1923-1925), well after the
project was completed, which would be 18 March 2005 according to the plaintiff
and 18 August 2005 according to the defendant. In an earlier letter from the
plaintiff dated 18 July 2005 (at AB 1692) to HYME, Ho had written that the
plaintiff’s responsibility for the project was only within the building and
the plaintiff had done wiring for external works (which formed part of volume
II works) for “goodwill”.

80 As the defendant pointed out in its submissions, the plaintiff could not
have performed any M&E works without referring to the M&E contracts all of
which were in volume II of the contract documents. Above all, if indeed the
M&E works were to be excluded from the plaintiff’s scope of works, why did Ho
price each and every item of the same in his summary of tender for the project
and why did he carry out any of the works at all? It was absurd of the
plaintiff to contend (as it did in its letter dated 18 July 2005) ([79]
_supra_), that it carried out the works as a goodwill gesture. No right-minded
contractor would do any major works, particularly M&E works, for altruistic
reasons just as no sane contractor would take on a construction project unless
he really wanted to do it.

81 My observation also puts paid to Ho’s constant refrain (in his AEIC) that
the plaintiff was not keen to be the main contractor for the project but only
took on the assignment reluctantly because Murthy requested his assistance
repeatedly. It seems to me more likely than not that the plaintiff, contrary
to Ho’s protestations, was very keen to secure the project, the result being
that Ho’s pricing in the summary of tender for the project was the lowest as
compared to other contractors who had tendered. Having either not made any
profit or worse, lost money on the project, the plaintiff/Ho attempted to
rewrite the contact Ho had signed with the defendant by claiming that volume
II of the contract documents did not apply and volume I only applied in part
or not at all (according to Ho’s evidence at various stages).

82 As with the plaintiff’s claim that ten items were omitted from volume I of
the contract, the evidence adduced at the trial (from Sharon and Pauline) not
only did not support, but was totally inconsistent with, the plaintiff’s case
that volume II was meant for payment purposes only.

83 To recapitulate the salient points of the evidence adduced in court, Ho was
proved to have attended all but two site meetings, the plaintiff carried out
(and was paid for) M&E works, the company provided construction programmes
(although not to ACME’s satisfaction), the plaintiff had to, (and did),
provide a waterproofing system for the roof and basement and it had to (and
did) adhere to specifications set out in the tender/contract documents.
Lastly, the plaintiff was obliged to (but did not) provide the performance
bond despite Ho’s repeated promises to furnish the same, as reflected in
minutes of site meetings.

84 If at all estoppel could be pleaded, it can only be raised by the
defendant, because Ho’s conduct and the plaintiff’s correspondence (before 27
October 2005) led Murthy and the defendant’s consultants to believe that both
volumes of the contract documents governed the building contract.

85 I conclude with my observation that Ho was a totally unreliable witness as
compared to the witnesses for the defendant. It was almost impossible to get
straight answers from him during cross-examination.

Conclusion

86 Accordingly, I dismiss the plaintiff’s claim with costs to the defendant.
As the plaintiff produced no evidence to refute the many allegations that were
the basis of the counterclaim, I award the defendant interlocutory judgment
with costs on the counterclaim. Damages (including liquidated damages) on the
counterclaim shall be assessed by the Registrar, and the costs of such
assessment, together with interest on any sum assessed, shall be reserved to
the Registrar. Any shortfall in or overpayments by the defendant to the
plaintiff, based on the certificates issued to-date by ACME (which the
defendant did not dispute), will be taken into account in the damages due to
the defendant when assessed.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 13 Nov 2007 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

