Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Re Reliance National Asia Re Pte Ltd  
[2007] SGHC 206

Case Number | : | OS 986/2006, SUM 3905/2007  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 30 November 2007  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Judith Prakash J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Palaniappan S (Straits Law Practice LLC) for The Oriental Insurance Co Ltd; Ashok Kumar and Margaret Ling (Allen & Gledhill LLP) for Reliance National Asia Re Pte Ltd   
Parties | : | —  
  
Companies – Schemes of arrangement – Nature – Whether scheme operating as
order of court or as statutory contract – Application by creditor for
extension of time to file proof of debt under approved scheme – Whether court
having jurisdiction to extend time – Section 210 Companies Act (Cap 50, 2006
Rev Ed)  
  

30 November 2007 |   
---|---  
  
Judith Prakash J

1 The Oriental Insurance Co Ltd (“Oriental”) is a state owned insurance
company incorporated in India. It is a creditor of Reliance National Asia Re
Pte Ltd (“Reliance”), a company incorporated in Singapore. Oriental’s claim,
as a creditor, was for a sum of US$19,031,656. In these proceedings, Oriental
applied for a three week extension of time to submit its Proof of Debt
pursuant to the Scheme of Compromise and Arrangement entered into between
Reliance and its creditors.

2 The sole issue to be decided was whether the court has the jurisdiction to
extend the time period for a creditor to file its proof of debt _after_ the
court has granted its approval for a scheme of arrangement under s 210 of the
Companies Act (Cap 50, 2006 Rev Ed) (“the Act”). At the conclusion of the
hearing, I decided that the answer to the question posed was in the negative
and, accordingly, dismissed the application. I now give my reasons for doing
so.

Facts

3 Reliance was incorporated in July 1996 and was in the business of
undertaking general reinsurance. From 2000, however, it had financial
difficulties and, as a result, it was no longer feasible for Reliance to
continue business. After 2000, existing contracts were not renewed for
subsequent years and Reliance ceased writing business altogether. Its
management decided that the best option for Reliance would be to enter into a
voluntary run-off. This was put in place in April 2001. During the process of
run-off, reconciliations were performed for outstanding balances and this led
to the collection of outstanding premiums and settlement of claims.

4 Nevertheless, because the costs of run-off constituted a significant
expenditure and the run-off was not expected to be completed for many years,
Reliance decided that the most efficient and effective method of making full
payment to its creditors in the shortest time would be to put into effect a
solvent scheme of arrangement under s 210 of the Act (the “Scheme”). The
Scheme would have the effect of concluding the run-off of Reliance’s business
earlier than would be the case if it were to continue until all claims had
materialised and had been agreed and paid in the normal course.

5 On 18 November 2005, Reliance sent a letter to all its creditors (“the
Scheme Creditors”), including Oriental, informing them about the Scheme. This
letter was sent to Oriental’s general address at A-25/27, Asaf Ali Road, New
Delhi 110002, India (“general address”).

6 On 19 May 2006, Reliance applied to the High Court for permission to convene
the creditors’ meeting as required under s 210 of the Act.

7 By an Order of Court dated 2 June 2006, a meeting of the Scheme Creditors
was ordered to be convened for the purposes of considering whether the Scheme
should be approved (“the Court Meeting”). On 16 June 2006, Reliance sent the
Notice of Meeting (“the Notice”), the Explanatory Statement of the Scheme, and
the Scheme to Oriental at its general address. The Proxy Form, Voting Form and
specimen Proof of Debt form were also bound together with the documents. It
was not disputed that Oriental received these documents.

8 The Notice stated that the High Court had directed there to be a meeting of
the Scheme Creditors on 26 September 2006. Paragraph 2.1.1 of the Explanatory
Statement defines a Scheme Creditor as “a person who is or claims to be a
creditor of the Company”. It was accepted that Oriental is a Scheme Creditor
under the Scheme.

9 The binding effect of a scheme of arrangement that was sanctioned by the
court was explained at page 4 of the Explanatory Statement as follows:

Under the Act, the Scheme will become binding and effective when it is
approved by the necessary majority of the Scheme Creditors at the Court
Meeting convened by the court, sanctioned by the Court and an office copy of
the Approval Order is lodged with the Registrar of Companies in Singapore.

Importantly, paragraph 2.2.1 of the Explanatory Statement sets out when and
how payments under the Scheme were to be effected:

**2.2.1 Payment under the Scheme**

(a) The Company shall pay or procure to be paid to each Scheme Creditor, _who
has delivered a Proof of Debt to the Scheme Manager at the Specified Address
on or before 14_  _May 2007_ , an amount in the Reference Currency equal to
their Approved Scheme Claim. Payment to the Scheme Creditors in respect of
their Approved Scheme Claims shall only be made by the Company after all
Scheme Claims have been determined by the Scheme Manager and all Disputed
Claims have been adjudicated by the Independent Adjudicator…

_(b) In the event that any Scheme Creditors fails to submit a Proof of Debt to
the Scheme Manager at the Specified Address by the Claims Cut-Off date, that
Scheme Creditor shall not be entitled to any payment of his Scheme Claim with
effect from the Claims Cut-Off Date, and:_

_(i) the Company shall be completely, and absolutely released and discharged
from all claims, obligations and liabilities_ (whether actual, contingent or
otherwise) _and indebtedness_ (whether as principal debtor or surety) of the
_Company to that Scheme Creditor_ whatsoever and howsoever raising out of or
in connection with any and all agreements, transactions, dealings and matters
effected or entered into or occurring at any time prior to the Court Meeting
Date (including but not limited to the Scheme Claims of such Scheme Creditor);

(ii) that Scheme Creditor shall, if called upon so to do, execute and deliver
to the Company such forms of release and discharge thereof on such terms as
the Company may reasonably require; and

(iii) that Scheme Creditor shall forthwith, and in any event at the request of
the Company discontinue and terminate, without any order as to costs, any and
all legal proceedings commenced by it against the Company in any jurisdiction
for or in this connection.

[emphasis added]

Thus, in order to receive payment under the Scheme, all Scheme Creditors had
to file their Proofs of Debt on or before the Claims Cut-off date, _ie_ 14 May
2007.

10 Paragraph 3.3.2 of the Explanatory Statement also explained the effect of
lodging a Proof of Debt form after the Claims Cut-Off date:

**3.3.2 Lodgement After Claims Cut-Off Date**

Any Proofs of Debt received by the Scheme Manager after the Claims Cut-Off
Date _shall not be admitted by the Scheme Manager_ for the purpose of the
Scheme.

If any Scheme Creditor fails to submit their Proof of Debt by the Claims Cut-
Off Date, that Scheme Creditor’s Scheme Claim _shall be valued at zero_.

[emphasis added]

Similarly, clause 3.2 of the Scheme provides:

**3.2** The value of all Scheme Claims of any Scheme Creditor who fails to
submit a Proof of Debt on or before the Claims Cut-Off Date _shall be deemed
to be zero_. For the avoidance of doubt, and as an independent stipulation, in
such a situation, the relevant Scheme Creditor shall be bound by the terms of
the Scheme.

11 On 15 September 2006, Oriental sent the completed Voting Form and Proxy
Form to Reliance, and requested Reliance to attend the Court Meeting on
Oriental’s behalf. Oriental voted in favour of the Scheme and appointed the
Chairman of the Court Meeting as its proxy.

12 On 26 September 2006, the Court Meeting was held. A majority in number and
a majority of three fourths in value of the Scheme Creditors, voting in person
or by proxy, voted in favour of the Scheme. Reliance applied to the High Court
on17 October 2006 for the Scheme to be sanctioned.

13 On 18 October 2006, Reliance sent a letter to Oriental at its general
address and addressed the letter to Mr S L Mohan (“Mr Mohan”), who was known
to Reliance as a senior executive of Oriental. The letter notified Oriental
that Reliance had applied to the High Court for the Scheme to be sanctioned. A
copy of the Notice of Hearing, which stated that the matter was to be heard on
7 November 2006 at 10.00 a.m., was enclosed with the letter.

14 On 7 November 2006, the High Court sanctioned the Scheme. On 14 November
2006, Reliance wrote to Oriental and informed Oriental of the same. The letter
was sent to Oriental’s general address and was addressed to Mr Mohan. The
letter then continued:

Accordingly, the Scheme is now effective and applies to all Scheme Creditors
regardless of whether and how they voted at the Court Meeting. Steps will now
be taken to implement the terms of the Scheme.

You should note that, under the terms of the Scheme, all Scheme Creditors will
have to file their Proofs of Debt to the Scheme Managers, namely Whittington
Asia Pacific Pte Ltd at the Specified Address (i.e. 1 George Street, #16-03
One George Street, Singapore 049145) by the Claims Cut-Off Date, ie. by **14**
**May 2007**. A copy of the Proof of Debt form is enclosed for your necessary
action.

[emphasis in original]

A Proof of Debt Form was enclosed with the letter. Under the heading
“INSTRUCTIONS FOR COMPLETION OF THE PROOF OF DEBT FORM”, it was stated as
follows:

**The deadline for submitting completed Proof of Debt Forms is the Claims Cut-
Off Date, being 12.00 midnight Singapore time on _14_** ** _May 2007_ the
Claims Cut-Off Date. Returned Proof of Debt Forms must reach the Scheme
Manager on or before this date. If a Scheme Creditor does not complete and
return a Proof of Debt Form to the Scheme Manager by the Claims Cut-Off Date,
that Scheme Creditor’s Scheme Claims shall be deemed to be zero**.

[all emphasis in original]

15 Oriental alleged that it did not receive both the letters of 18 October
2006 and 14 November 2006. Its position was that the letters: (a) had not been
sent to the address provided in the Voting Form and Proxy Form; and (b) were
addressed to Mr Mohan, who had retired from the Company in February 2005.
Oriental also pointed out that as it had a very large work force of some
16,000 employees and 1,000 offices all over India, letters that were not
addressed to the correct individuals might go missing.

16 After November 2006, Reliance sent six e-mail reminders to Oriental to
remind the latter to submit its Proof of Debt before 14 May 2007. The first
three reminders were sent to Oriental Insurance at the address
“oic@oriental.nic.in” on 11 January 2007, 13 February 2007 and 13 March 2007.
The Proof of Debt form was attached to the e-mails. Reliance had apparently
obtained this e-mail address from the Insurance Directory of Asia 2004/2005.
Oriental’s position was that it had not received these e-mails as the e-mail
address “oic@oriental.nic.in” had been terminated as early as 1 April 2005.

17 The later three reminders were sent to Mr M K Jindal, who had been
identified in the Voting Form sent by Oriental as the “General Manager
(Technical)” of Oriental. These reminders were sent on 11 April 2007, 2 May
2007 and 10 May 2007 to the e-mail address “mkjindal@orientalinsurance.co.in”,
which had been inserted by Oriental in the Voting Form. Once again, the Proof
of Debt form was attached to the e-mails. Oriental alleged that Mr Jindal also
did not receive these e-mails.

18 Reliance alleged that they had also tried to contact Oriental on 11 May
2007 twice, via the fax number which they had obtained from Oriental’s fax
dated 15 September 2006. Both attempts were unsuccessful.

19 According to Oriental, it first came to know about its failure to file its
Proof of Debt form in time when it was informed of the same by the Indian
Insurance Regulatory Authority (which had in turn been notified by the
Monetary Authority of Singapore). On being apprised of this, Oriental sent a
letter on 16 July 2007 to the Scheme Manager and requested further information
on the procedure relating to the submission of monetary claims. The Scheme
Manager replied that as Oriental had failed to submit its Proof of Debt by the
Claims Cut-Off date, its claim of US$19,031,656 was deemed to have zero value.

20 Oriental thus applied, on 4 September 2007, under O 3 r 4 of the Rules of
Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2006 Rev Ed) seeking a three-week extension of time to
file its Proof of Debt under the Scheme.

Statutory provisions and mechanism

21 Section 210 of the Act, which governs compromises and schemes of
arrangements, is _in pari materia_ with s 425 of the UK Companies Act 1985 (c.
6) and s 411 of the Australian Corporations Act 2001 (Cth). The mechanisms
stipulated in these provisions for effecting schemes of arrangement are
similar and useful guidance may be sought from the Australian and English case
authorities.

22 While the issue that arose in these proceedings was a relatively narrow and
defined one, it had to be analysed, in my view, within the entire framework of
principles and procedures that govern compromises and schemes of arrangements.
There are three stages by which a scheme of arrangement becomes binding on the
company and its members and/or creditors:

**Stage 1** — an application must be made to court under s 210(1) of the Act
for an order that one or more meetings of members and/or creditors be
summoned;

**Stage 2** — the scheme proposals must be put before these meeting(s) and
approved by the requisite majority of each class; and

**Stage 3** — if (and only if) the proposals are so approved at the meeting(s)
may the court, in its discretion, sanction the scheme.

Each of these stages serves a distinct purpose. At the first stage, the court
directs how the meeting or meetings are to be summoned. The court is concerned
to ensure that those who are to be affected by the proposed arrangement have
the opportunity of being present, in person or by proxy, at the meeting(s).
The second stage confirms that the proposals are acceptable to at least a
majority in number. Finally, at the third stage, the court is concerned to
ensure that: (a) the statutory provisions have been complied with; (b) the
class was fairly represented by those who attended the meeting and the
statutory majority were acting _bona fide_ and were not coercing the minority
in order to promote interests adverse to those of the class whom they purport
to represent; and (c) the arrangement is such as a man of business would have
reasonably approved: _Re Hawk Insurance Co Ltd_ [2002] BCC 300 at [12] and _Re
Anglo-Continental Supply Co Ltd_ [1922] 2 Ch 723.

23 Safeguards have thus been drawn up at every stage to ensure that _before_
the scheme is sanctioned, members or creditors are fully informed and have
ample opportunity to raise objections, either at the meeting(s) or before the
court. In particular, s 211(1) of the Act requires that every notice summoning
a meeting should be accompanied with a statement explaining the effect of the
compromise or arrangement and stating any material interests of the directors.
The mechanism is designed in a manner to ensure that all objections to the
proposals will be aired _before_ the court makes the final decision as to
whether to sanction the scheme. This is to ensure that certainty and finality
will be preserved once the court has sanctioned the scheme.

24 In line with such design, the courts have expressed reluctance to allow
creditors to raise objections _after_ the court has sanctioned the scheme. In
_Chew Eu Hock Construction Co Pte Ltd v Central Provident Fund Board_ [2003]
SGHC 199, a scheme of arrangement was proposed and the plaintiff, by an order
of court, convened a meeting. The defendant was duly informed of the meeting
but did not attend it. After the scheme was sanctioned and became effective,
the defendant raised objections to the scheme. The High Court noted at [26]
that the defendant had registered its objections “far too late…well after the
order sanctioning the scheme had been obtained and lodged with the Registry of
Companies” and that “to accept the defendants’ objections at such a late stage
would be unfair, unreasonable and prejudicial” to the parties involved in the
scheme. The court held at [27] and [29] that the defendant should have
objected to the scheme of arrangement _before_ the court had sanctioned it and
to hold otherwise would mean that, despite the court’s approval, there could
never be any _certainty_ to the validity of the scheme. This would result in
great inconvenience to companies, creditors, shareholders and the community.
In a similar vein, Lord Hoffmann in _Kempe v Ambassador Insurance_ [1998] 1
WLR 271 (“ _Kempe_ ”), observed (at 276), “if creditors felt that in providing
fixed time limits the scheme was creating traps into which the unwary might
fall, the time to raise this question was when the scheme was under
consideration or by way of objection when the court was asked to give its
sanction”.

25 Thus, _after_ the scheme is sanctioned, the court should necessarily be
slow to hear further objections, or to make any amendments to the scheme, that
could and should have been raised at an earlier stage. The overarching
principle here is one of clarity, certainty and finality, without which a
scheme of arrangement cannot be efficaciously implemented. On the facts of the
present application, it should be highlighted that paragraph 3.1.2 of the
Explanatory Statement expressly alerts Scheme Creditors that they may raise
their objections at the meeting and at the court hearing for sanction. It
provides:

**3.1.2 Right of Scheme Creditors**

An opportunity will be given at the Court Meeting for Scheme Creditors to
raise any questions and to voice any objections they may have in relation to
the Scheme. Provided that the Scheme is approved by the Scheme Creditors at
the Court Meeting, Scheme Creditors are also entitled to attend the hearings
of the Company’s application to the Court to sanction the Scheme…

26 Having been informed of its rights (and there was no dispute that Oriental
received the Explanatory Statement), and having voted in favour of the Scheme,
I considered that it was too late, at this stage, for Oriental to raise
objections to the form of, or consequences of non-compliance with the time
lines provided for in, the Scheme.

Nature of the court sanctioned scheme

27 There is some controversy as to whether a scheme of arrangement derives its
efficacy from an order of court, or from the statute, and thus whether it
operates as a statutory contract based on a number of ingredients. This is
important because where a scheme operates as an order of court, the court can
extend time under O 3 r 4 of the Rules of Court, whereas such discretion is
not available where the scheme operates as a statutory contract.

28 In _Kempe_ ([24] _supra_)_,_ the Privy Council explained that a scheme did
not operate merely as an agreement between the parties affected but had the
binding force of statute once an application to court had been made and the
consent of the relevant parties and the sanction of the court had been
obtained — it was the statute which gave binding force to the scheme when
there had been a combination of the three acts. The scheme in _Kempe_ imposed
a 21-day time limit for the filing of applications to reverse or vary any
rejection by the liquidators of creditors’ claims. The creditors approved the
scheme and it was sanctioned by the court. The applicant’s notice of claim was
rejected by the liquidators but the former did not challenge the latter’s
decision within the 21-day time limit. It then sought a court order that the
time limit be enlarged pursuant to _inter alia_ the inherent jurisdiction of
the court. The Bermuda Court of Appeal extended the time for making the
application but this was reversed on appeal to the Privy Council. Lord
Hoffman, who delivered the judgment of the court, explained the nature and
effect of a scheme. As his observations are particularly relevant to the
present case, they will be quoted at length. Lord Hoffman observed at p 276:

It is true that the sanction of the court is necessary for the scheme to
become binding and that it takes effect when the order expressing that
sanction is delivered to the registrar. _But this is not enough to enable one
to say that the court (rather than the liquidators who proposed the scheme or
the creditors who agreed to it) has by its order made the scheme._ It is
rather like saying that because royal assent is required for an Act of
Parliament, a statute is an expression of the royal will. Under section 99 [of
the Bermuda Act, which corresponds to s 425 of the UK Act] it is for the
liquidators to propose the scheme, for the creditors by the necessary majority
to agree to it and for the court to sanction it. _It is the statute which
gives binding force to the scheme when there has been a combination of these
three acts_ , just as the rules of the constitution give validity to acts duly
passed by the Queen in Parliament: see _In re Garner’s Motors Ltd_ [1937] Ch.
594, 589–599 and _Devi v People’s Bank of Northern India Ltd_ [1938] 4 All
E.R. 377, 343.

It is of course true that the sanction of the court is by no means a
formality. Furthermore, in giving its sanction, the court has an inherent
jurisdiction to correct any obvious mistakes in the documents which sets out
the scheme. But it cannot alter the substance of the scheme and impose upon
the creditors an arrangement to which they did not agree. The question of
whether the time limits in the scheme are fixed or flexible is in their
Lordships’ opinion one of substance. Mr. Crystal accepts that if there is
jurisdiction to enlarge the period for filing an appeal against the rejection
of a claim, there must also have been jurisdiction to extend the final filing
deadline for filing the original claims. _But their Lordships think that this
would have been a material alteration, detracting from the certainty and
expedition which were the chief objects of the scheme. If creditors felt that
in providing fixed time limits the scheme was creating traps into which the
unwary might fall, the time to raise this question was when the scheme was
under consideration or by way of objection when the court was asked to give
its sanction._

[emphasis added]

29 The statutory provisions do not confer powers, and their only effect at any
time is to make up for, by recourse to the procedure prescribed, the absence
of the individual agreement by every member of the class to be bound which
would otherwise be necessary to give the scheme validity: _In Re_  _Guardian
Assurance Co_ [1917] Ch 431 at 441.

30 Similar sentiments were echoed by the Court of Appeal in _Daewoo Singapore
Pte Ltd v CEL Tractors Pte Ltd_ [2001] 4 SLR 35. Yong Pung How CJ, delivering
the judgment of the court, observed as follows at [24]:

The binding effect of the scheme is given by the court order approving the
scheme… the section is intended to provide a machinery (1) for overcoming the
impossibility or impracticability of obtaining the individual consent of every
member of the class intended to be bound thereby, and (2) for preventing, in
appropriate circumstances, a minority of class members frustrating a
beneficial scheme.

A scheme that has been sanctioned by the court thus operates as a “statutory
contract imposed by law”: _Wangsini Sdn Bhd v Grand United Holdings Bhd_
[1998] 5 MLJ 345; _Re_  _Garner’s Motors Ltd_ [1937] Ch 594 at 598. (_Kempe_
has been followed in Hong Kong in _Re_  _Universal Dockyard Ltd_ [2003] HKCU
407 at [20]).

31 The Australian courts have, however, adopted a different view. In _Caratti
v Hillman_ [1974] WAR 92 (“ _Caratti_ ”), the Supreme Court of Western
Australia held that a sanctioned scheme operated as an order of court and thus
the Rules of Court were available to permit the court to extend the period for
lodgement of claims by creditors. _Caratti_ was followed by the Supreme Court
of New South Wales in _Ray Brooks Pty Ltd v New South Wales Grains Board (No_
_2)_ [2002] NSWSC 1175. The court in the latter case, however, appeared to
follow _Caratti_ over _Kempe_ not as a matter of principle, but of precedent
(at [90]).

32 In my view, the English position is more persuasive than the Australian one
and I therefore adopted it in this case. At the very core of every sanctioned
scheme lies a statutory contract of compromise that fully informed creditors
have agreed to. The statutory provision exists primarily to overcome the
impossibility of obtaining the individual consent of each and every member.
Theoretically speaking, it is not impossible for such a scheme to be effective
even _without_ the court’s sanction if the company and _all_ its creditors
agree to the proposal, _ie,_ there are no dissentients. The scheme then
operates purely by way of contract. Of course, in reality, this is rarely
achievable (especially in big companies), but the point is that the sanction
of the court adds no magic to the scheme, other than to bind dissentient
members to a scheme which the court accepts as fair and reasonable. As will be
elaborated on later, where the statutory requirements have been satisfied, the
discretion of the court in deciding whether to sanction the scheme is limited.
In this sense, one can view the source of efficacy of the scheme as the
statutory provisions, and not, strictly speaking, the court order sanctioning
the scheme. This is, of course, not to detract from the fact that the court
retains an inherent jurisdiction to correct any obvious errors in the scheme,
which will now be addressed.

Ambit of court’s discretion in sanctioning scheme

33 I will now consider the ambit of the court’s discretion in sanctioning a
Scheme. In my view, these principles are relevant as they form part of the
framework in which the issue should be analysed.

34 It has been emphasised on numerous occasions that the court is not a mere
rubber stamp and that the sanction of the court is not a formality: _Re_  _The
British Aviation Insurance Co Ltd_ [2005] EWHC 1621 (Ch) at [69]; _Kempe_
([24] _supra_) at [69]. Thus, where the court is not satisfied as to the
matters set out at [22] above, it is not required to sanction the scheme. In
such circumstances, an Australian or Singapore court may, by way of s 411(6)
of the Corporations Act and s 210(4) of the Companies Act respectively, grant
its approval “subject to such alterations or conditions as it thinks just”.

35 Generally speaking, however, in relation to the fairness and reasonableness
of the scheme, the courts have reiterated that they have a limited supervisory
role and are reluctant to substitute their own commercial judgment for that of
the members and/or creditors. Thus, in _Re_  _English Scottish and Australian
Chartered Bank_ [1893] 3 Ch 385, Lindley LJ made the following oft-quoted
observation at 406:

[T]he Court does not simply register the resolution come to by the creditors
or the shareholders, as the case may be. If the creditors are acting on
sufficient information and with time to consider what they are about, and are
acting honestly, they are, I apprehend, _much better judges of what is to
their commercial advantage than the Court can be_. I do not say it is
conclusive, because there might be some blot in a scheme which had passed that
had been unobserved and which was pointed out later.

_While, therefore, I protest that we are not to register their decisions_ ,
but to see that they have been properly convened and have been properly
consulted, and have considered the matter from a proper point of view, that
is, with a view to the interests of the class to which they belong and are
empowered to bind, _the Court ought to be slow to differ from them. It should
do so without hesitation if there is anything wrong; but it ought not to do
so, in my judgment, unless something is brought to the attention of the Court
to shew that there has been some material oversight or miscarriage._

[emphasis added]

36 Thus, save in the circumstances where the class had not been properly
constituted, or the meeting had not considered the matter with a view to the
interests of the class which it was empowered to bind, or the chairman did not
conduct the meeting substantially in accordance with the procedure laid down
by the court, the court should be slow to differ from the outcome of the
meeting. I am of the opinion that this cautious approach of the courts is in
line with the view that at the core of the scheme is a commercial arrangement
the terms of which have been agreed to between the company and a majority of
the creditors, albeit one that has to be sanctioned by the court for binding
effect. The jurisdiction of the court in sanctioning a scheme is succinctly
summarised by Chadwick LJ in _Re_  _Hawk Insurance Co Ltd_ [2001] EWCA Civ 241
at [52]:

… I am conscious that the jurisdiction conferred on the court is limited to
sanctioning the scheme that has been approved by the creditors. _The court
should be cautious before rewriting a scheme to accord with its own notions of
proper draftmanship. If the change is merely cosmetic, it is unnecessary; if
it is more than cosmetic, then the scheme as sanctioned is not the scheme that
has been approved by the meeting of creditors._

[emphasis added]

In my view, this supports the position adopted in _Kempe_ , _viz,_ that a
scheme derives its force _via_ a statutory contract. The fact remains that the
court is most reluctant to interfere with the commercial plans of the
creditors and will generally sanction a scheme that it accepts as procedurally
fair and substantially reasonable.

Can a sanctioned scheme be amended?

37 While the applicant in the present case did not seek to amend the scheme,
in my view, the principles governing this issue are important as they form
another part of the framework in which the issue should be analysed.

38 Once a scheme of arrangement has been sanctioned and registered, it may
only be amended in _very limited circumstances_. This is effected through the
exercise of the court’s inherent jurisdiction. Thus, a court sanctioned scheme
may be set aside where consent to it has been obtained by fraud (_Fletcher v
Royal Automobile Club Ltd_ [2000] 1 BCLC 331), or where there are any “obvious
mistakes” in the document (_Kempe,_ [24] _supra_ at p 276). The general
principle, however, is that the court cannot alter the _substance_ of the
scheme and impose upon creditors arrangements to which they did not agree
(_Kempe_ at p 276). It has been held that an amendment to time limits set out
in a scheme constitutes a “material alternation” (_Kempe_ at p 276) and an
“amendment of substance” (_Re_  _Forklift Sales (SA) Pte Ltd_ 3 SASR 21 at 24
(“ _Re_  _Forklift_ ”)).

39 In this context, it is also relevant to point out that there where an
original scheme has been approved by the court and has not yet been carried
through to completion, it may later be amended by _another scheme_ approved by
the court: _Re_  _Elliott’s MF Services Pty Ltd_ [1965] VR 756 (“ _Re_
_Elliott’s”)_. This means that the three step procedure set out in s 210 of
the Act will have to be followed again — the court cannot amend an approved
scheme without an amending scheme: _BTS Bearing Pty Ltd v Transmission
Supplies Pty Ltd_ (1983) 8 ACLR 287. This principle has also been recognised
by the Privy Council in _Devi v People’s Bank of Northern India_ [1938] 4 All
ER 337, which was a case where an original scheme having been sanctioned by
the court (and not fully implemented), an amended scheme was later sanctioned
by the court and was held by the Privy Council to be binding and not capable
of being varied or departed from by the mere acquiescence of the shareholders
and creditors. In _Re_  _Forklift_ ([38] _supra_), after the original scheme
had been sanctioned by the court, the scheme manager convened a meeting,
proposing amendments to the scheme, including _inter alia_ a proposal that
altered the date at which tax losses were to be ascertained. These proposals
were approved and resolutions were passed. When an application was made to the
court to amend the original scheme, the court held that it had _no
jurisdiction_ to do so – the whole procedure under the Australian equivalent
of our s 210 had to be gone through again before the court would consider the
amendment, and this had not been done on the facts.

40 In my view, this proposition is in tandem with the principle that the court
has no jurisdiction to alter the substance of the scheme and impose upon
creditors an arrangement to which they had not agreed. The s 210 procedure
would need to be adhered to rigorously in any application for amendment to
schemes of arrangement and the safeguards therein would ensure that terms to
which the majority of the creditors do not agree will not be imposed on them –
the original scheme is amended by the creditors, _not_ by the court. Even
then, the court is naturally reluctant to reopen creditor’s rights and
obligations: _Re_  _Elliott’s_ ([39] _supra_ at 757). This strengthens the
view that a scheme of arrangement should be viewed as a statutory contract the
terms of which have been agreed to by the parties rather than imposed on them
by an order of court. Where the amendments sought are material or substantial,
the court has no jurisdiction to grant such amendments and thereby impose on
creditors something which they had not considered or agreed to.

Application to the facts

41 The basis on which Oriental sought an extension of time was O 3 r 4 of the
Rules of Court. As I accepted the English position enunciated in _Kempe_ ([24]
_supra_), and this was not a case of fraud or obvious mistake, I found that
there was no jurisdiction to grant such an extension of time.

42 While it is recognised that there may be cases where the court may consider
that there would be a miscarriage of justice if such an extension of time was
not granted, even if there were jurisdiction to give an extension on that
basis, in my view, the facts of this case did not merit the court’s
indulgence. First, Reliance had alerted and reminded Oriental on numerous
occasions about the Claims Cut-Off date and that Oriental was required to file
its Proof of Debt before that date. It was also made very clear to Oriental
that Proofs of Debt filed after that date would not be considered and those
claims would be extinguished. I find Oriental’s arguments that they did not
receive the Proof of Debt forms unconvincing as the forms were sent to them no
less than six times. The letter of 14 November 2006, attaching the form, was
sent to Oriental’s general address, which was the address which earlier
correspondence was sent to and received. The email address
“mkjindal@orientalinsurance.co.in”, where some of the emails were sent, was
provided in the voting form submitted by Oriental on 15 September 2006. In my
view, Reliance had done as much as it could to notify Oriental of the
necessity to file its Proof of Debt before the Claims Cut-Off date.

43 Second, Oriental was not a dissenting creditor who was bound to the scheme
against its will, but had instead voted in favour of the scheme, albeit by way
of proxy. It did not lie in its mouth to subsequently complain that there was
insufficient time provided for creditors to lodge their Proofs of Debt. The
timelines for the Scheme were clearly set out in the documentation that it was
furnished with even before the Scheme was approved.

44 Third, contrary to Oriental’s arguments that Reliance would suffer minimal
prejudice if the present application was allowed, I was of the view that there
would be serious repercussions if this application was allowed, not only for
Reliance, but also for future schemes of arrangement. The most weighty
consequence is that the certainty, efficacy and finality of schemes such as
the present would be severely compromised. If, on the facts of the present
case, an application to extend time had been granted, the threshold for future
creditors to seek an extension of time would be very low. There will then be
no certainty and finality in a scheme such as the present because every time a
creditor obtained an extension of time, all the claims will have to be re-
adjudicated. Much delay, which would be prejudicial to the scheme, will also
ensue. This will be further complicated if, for example, interim dividends
have already been paid out under the scheme, such as in _Kempe_ ([24]
_supra_). In fact, counsel for Reliance informed the court at the hearing
that, were this application to be allowed, the entire scheme might have to be
abandoned. This was in light of the very nature and object of the Scheme,
_viz,_ to adjudicate and settle all claims more expeditiously than would be
the case if Reliance continued to be in run-off. In complex commercial
arrangements such as the present where parties are legally advised and are
fully informed, I am of the view that, the court should lean towards certainty
as this is the course that is fairest and of most benefit to scheme creditors
taken as a whole.

45 Before concluding, I should add that Oriental tendered an additional case
after the hearing. This was the Australian case of _Re_  _AGL Gas Networks_ 37
ACSR 441 (“ _Re_  _AGL_ ”). I was not bound to consider this case as it was
not raised during the hearing. Nevertheless, I would state that this case
would not have affected my judgment in any event, since I had already taken a
different view from the Australian courts on the jurisdiction issue.
Additionally, _Re_  _AGL_ is distinguishable on its facts as the court there
was considering a rather different fact situation. In that case, a deadline
set by scheme provisions governing the post-approval implementation phrase was
missed by a few minutes and there was no mechanism, short of seeking relief
from the court, for the extremely technical and inconsequential non-compliance
with the terms of the scheme to be rectified. The court noted that the
amendment was in no way prejudicial to the members and in fact, serious
adverse consequences would result if the amendment was _not_ allowed. The
facts of the present case are quite different because the extension of time
sought here was not merely a technical alteration but an alteration of
substance, and importantly, the Scheme Creditors would suffer prejudice and
delay if the extension of time had been allowed.

46 The application was therefore dismissed with costs.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 30 Nov 2007 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

