Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Lal Hiranand v Kamla Lal Hiranand  
[2007] SGCA 5

Case Number | : | CA 3/2006  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 29 January 2007  
Tribunal/Court | : | Court of Appeal  
Coram | : |  Chan Sek Keong CJ; Kan Ting Chiu J; Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Kenneth Tan SC (Kenneth Tan Partnership), Siva Murugaiyan and Parveen Kaur Nagpal (Madhavan Partnership) for the appellant; Michael Hwang SC (Michael Hwang), Roslina bte Baba and Constance Tay (Ramdas & Wong) for the respondent   
Parties | : |  Lal Hiranand — Kamla Lal Hiranand   
  
Contract – Contractual terms – Rules of construction – Interpretation of
clause in deed – Whether parties' testimony as to intention in entering into
deed may be taken as form or substance of parties' undertakings in deed –
Applicable principles  
  
Contract – Remedies – Specific performance – Whether specific performance of
certain clauses in deed should be ordered where meaning of such clauses
uncertain – Whether court may remedy uncertainty to give effect to clauses  
  

29 January 2007 |  _Judgment reserved._  
---|---  
  
Kan Ting Chiu J (delivering the judgment of the court):

**Background**

1 The parties before us have been engaged in litigation for several years over
the wills and estate of the appellant’s father. They eventually entered into a
deed of settlement to resolve their differences. Ironically the deed became
another area of contention between them. Issues were raised, firstly, whether
the settlement is conditional on the authenticity of a will, and secondly,
whether some of the terms of settlement are too uncertain to be enforced, and
these are the issues we have to deal with in this appeal.

2 The appellant Lal Hiranand, and the respondent, Kamla Lal Hiranand were
husband and wife. They were married in 1969, but a decree _nisi_ dissolving
the marriage was granted in 2002. There are three children of the marriage,
two sons Shaon and Ravine, and a daughter Priya. The two elder children are in
their thirties, and the youngest, Ravine is in his late twenties.

3 The appellant’s father was Manghanmal Hiranand Ramchandani alias Mangahanmal
Hiranand (“MHR”), who passed away in August 1994. MHR made a will dated 24
April 1986 (“the 1986 will”) in which he named his wife (_ie_ , the
appellant’s mother) and the appellant as beneficiaries. Under the will, the
respondent and her three children were not to receive anything.

4 The division of MHR’s substantial estate gave rise to a series of legal
proceedings between and involving the appellant and the respondent. These
first came about because the respondent claimed that MHR had revoked the 1986
will and replaced it with another will dated 22 November 1988 (“the 1988 will”
or “the will”), but the appellant disputed its authenticity. Under the 1988
will, the appellant and the respondent were to get 25% of the estate, and her
three children were to get 15% each, with the remaining 5% to go to the
managers of MHR’s businesses.

5 In addition to these two wills, there is another significant document in
these proceedings. This is a deed dated 28 May 1999 (“the deed”) entered into
between the appellant and the respondent, which provided that:

Whereas:-

(a) The [respondent] is the lawful wife of the [appellant]. They have three
children, namely: Shaon Hiranand (“Shaon”), Ravine Lal Hiranand (“Ravine”) and
Priya Lal Hiranand (“Priya”).

(b) An appeal is pending in an action in the High Court of the Republic of
Singapore in Suit No. 349 of 1999 touching on the estate of Manghanmal
Hiranand Ramchandani @ Manghanmal Hiranand, deceased, wherein the [respondent]
is the Plaintiff and one Harilela Padma Hari @ Padma Hari Harilela (“PHH”),
one Hari Naroomal Harilela (“HNH”) and the [appellant] are the Defendants AND
wherein the [respondent] claims as one of the beneficiaries in accordance,
inter alia, under a document intitled “The Last Will of Manghanmal Hiranand
Ramchandani” (the deceased) dated 22 November 1988 (“the 1988 Will”).

(c) The [respondent] and the [appellant] have agreed that the terms of this
Deed shall constitute the full and final settlement of all matters arising out
of the said action as between them AND of all their present differences.

Now this deed witnesseth and it is hereby agreed as follows:

1\. The [appellant] shall instruct as soon as practicable all his solicitors
acting on his behalf not to proceed with divorce proceedings against the
[respondent] and shall discharge them from further acting in respect thereof.
The parties hereto shall proceed hereafter to effect a reconciliation.

2\. The [appellant] undertakes to settle all matters in dispute with the
[respondent] (and their said children) out of Court and in particular all
disputes in relation to the estate of his late father, the said deceased. In
this regard, the [appellant] undertakes to implement and faithfully carry out
all the wishes of the deceased as manifested and executed by the deceased in
the 1988 Will both in substance and according to the spirit of the 1988 Will
notwithstanding that the 1988 Will may in any way be defective or
unenforceable in law.

3\. The [appellant] shall remit US $1,000,000.00 each to the bank accounts of
Shaon, Ravine and Priya before the 10th  day of August 1999.

4\. The [appellant] shall remit US $2,000,000.00 to the [respondent]’s bank
account before the 10th  day of August 1999.

5\. The [appellant] shall remit US $700,000.00 into the bank account of Mrs.
Sundri Watumull (the mother of the [respondent]) towards the reimbursement to
her of all costs and expenses incurred within ten days from this date.

6\. The [appellant] shall procure the appointment of Shaon as the Managing
Director of all Hiranand family companies as soon as possible. The Hiranand
family companies are listed in Schedule 1 to this Deed.

7\. The [appellant] shall transfer and divest proportionate shares in the
family business to Shaon in accordance with the laws of the country in which
each of the Hiranand family companies are situate to enable him to become
Managing Director as per Articles of Association of the companies.

8\. The [appellant] shall procure as soon as is practicable the discharge
and/or the removal of PHH and HNH as the trustees and executors of the
document described in the above action as:

(1) The 1986 Will and codicil;

(2) The document described as the 1983 Will; and

(3) The discharge and/or removal of PHH and one Ram G Hiranand as trustees and
executors of the 1988 Will,

and shall appoint in their place such person(s) to be approved in writing by
the [respondent].

Provided that the [appellant] need not so discharge or remove the said persons
in respect of any or all of the 1986 Will and Codicil, 1983 Will and 1988 Will
if so agreed to in writing by the [respondent].

9\. The [appellant] undertakes to and shall as soon as is practicable:

(a) inform PHH and HNH to return to him with immediate effect:

(1) all shares and interest belonging to him in the Hiranand family companies;
and

(2) All monies held by them belonging to him in any and all banks or financial
institutions;

(b) give notice to PHH and HNH revoking with immediate effect all powers of
attorney given to him/her or them to act on his behalf and give notice in
writing of the same to all affected parties.

10\. The [appellant] undertakes to and hereby revokes all previous wills and
codicils made by him and shall take steps to execute a fresh will, according
to law, leaving his entire estate to the [respondent], Shaon, Ravine and Priya
in such proportions as he deems fit.

11\. For the removal of doubts, the parties hereto agree that nothing in this
Deed shall be construed as an admission by the [respondent] for whatever
purpose of proceedings that:-

(a) the 1986 Will and codicil was executed by the deceased;

(b) the 1988 Will is legally defective or unenforceable; and

(c) the 1983 Will has not been revoked and remains valid and enforceable.

**The proceedings**

6 As stated, there was a series of proceedings in Singapore and in Hong Kong,
which should be mentioned:

(a) _Kamla Lal Hiranand v Harilela Padma Hari –_ Suit No 349 of 1999 and on
appeal, CA No 4 of 2000

> These are proceedings in Singapore reported at [2000] 2 SLR 479 and [2000] 3
> SLR 696.
>
> The main issue in these proceedings was whether the 1988 will was valid for
> the purpose of creating or evidencing a trust in the assets of the estate of
> MHR. It was common ground that the will was not properly executed because it
> was not properly witnessed, and was not a valid will.
>
> The matter first came before an assistant registrar, who ruled in the
> negative. The matter then went on appeal before Tay Yong Kwang JC (as he
> then was), who upheld the decision of the assistant registrar. Ultimately,
> the matter went before the Court of Appeal, which upheld Tay JC’s decision.

(b) _Kamla Lal Hiranand v Lal Hiranand_ – OS No 1893 of 1999

> This was an application in Singapore by the respondent for a declaration
> that the appellant was bound by the trusts set out in the 1988 will.
>
> The application was dismissed by the assistant registrar, and went on appeal
> before Tay Yong Kwang JC (as he then was). However, the appeal was not fully
> argued out, as the parties informed the judge that they had come to an
> agreement. Consequently, a consent order was entered that:

1\. This Court Doth Declare that in respect of the estate of Manghanmal
Hiranand Ramchandani @ Manghanamal Hiranand, deceased, the Defendant is bound
by the trusts as set out in the document intituled the “Last Will of
Manghanmal Hiranand Ramchandani” subscribed to by the said Manghanmal Hiranand
Ramchandani @ Manghanmal Hiranand, deceased, on the 22nd day of November 1988;

And it is ordered that:

2\. The Defendant do all and such acts as is necessary to carry out the said
trusts;

3\. There be liberty to apply in respect of other reliefs not sought for in
this Originating Summons arising from the Deed dated 28th May 1999 made
between the Plaintiff and the Defendant;

4\. There be liberty to apply;

5\. Costs be fixed at $2,000.00 to be paid by the Defendant to the Plaintiff.

> and the appeal was dismissed.
>
> After the consent order was recorded, the respondent applied for an order
> that the appellant submit an account of the trust property under the 1988
> will. This application was dismissed by Choo Han Teck J on grounds, _inter
> alia_ , that the originating summons was spent, and that proceedings
> relating to the deed should be commenced separately by way of a writ.

(c) _Shaon Lal Hiranand v Dr Hari Naroomal Harilela –_ HCAP 15/2000

> These are probate proceedings in Hong Kong similar in effect to Suit No 349
> of 1999 instituted by the three children. The action was struck out by Yam
> J, who found that there was overwhelming evidence that the 1988 Will was not
> genuine.

(d) Suit No 541 of 2004

> This is the present action, which came up on appeal before this court.
>
> In this action, the appellant sought an order that the deed be set aside on
> the ground of duress and/or undue influence while the respondent counter-
> claimed for the specific performance of the deed.

**The trial judge’s decision ([2006] SGHC 98)**

7 The trial judge found on the facts that:

(a) the appellant had not signed the deed under duress or undue influence
([101] of the grounds of decision);

(b) the 1988 Will was a forged document;

and on the law that:

(c) the 1999 deed was enforceable as a contract ([100(a)]);

(d) even if the 1988 Will was a forgery, the respondent was entitled to
enforce the deed [(100(b)]); and

(e) clauses 6 and 7 of the deed were severable from the rest of the deed and
were not unenforceable because of uncertainty in their terms ([100(d)]).

8 The trial judge made and explained his findings at [118] of his grounds of
decision:

I hold that the 1988 will was in all likelihood a forged document. However, it
has not been proved that the forgery was perpetrated by or with the assistance
or knowledge of the [respondent] or the children … The validity of the 1999
deed was not inextricably linked to the validity of the 1988 will. The
plaintiff’s testimony was that he did not believe in the authenticity of the
1988 will when he executed the 1999 deed, which was intended by the parties to
resolve all the outstanding disputes within the family. One of the outstanding
disputes then concerned the issue whether the 1988 will was genuine or not.
The parties chose to overcome this dispute by providing in the 1999 deed that
the plaintiff undertook “to implement and faithfully carry out all the wishes
of [MHR] as manifested and executed by the deceased in the 1988 will both in
substance and according to the spirit of the 1988 will notwithstanding that
the 1988 will may in any way be defective or unenforceable in law”. When the
1999 deed was made, the issue whether the 1988 will was genuine or not was
completely erased. It was no longer necessary for the parties to debate the
issue. They would proceed on the basis that the 1988 will contained MHR’s
wishes whatever view the law may take of its authenticity or efficacy. The
words “as manifested and executed by the deceased” were descriptive rather
than prescriptive. In other words, it was not a pre-condition of the 1999 deed
that the 1988 will must be proved to have been executed by MHR _._ Further,
there were obligations in the 1999 deed which were totally unrelated to the
1988 will, such as the cash payments and Shaon’s participation in the family
companies.

and he dismissed the appellant’s claim and allowed the respondent’s
counterclaim.

9 The appellant appealed on the following grounds:

(a) No effect should be given to cl 2 of the deed as it expressly requires
that the appellant give effect to the provisions of the 1988 document on the
basis that it was a genuine will of the appellant’s late father.

(b) No effect should be given to cll 6, 7 and 9(a)(2) of the deed as they are
too uncertain.[note: 1]

**The appeal**

**_The Cases filed_**

10 There are some preliminary comments on the Appellant’s Case and the
Respondent’s Case filed.

11 In para 28(b) of the Appellant’s Case, it was submitted:

In any event, the Respondent should not be allowed to claim in contract under
the Deed as she had in previous proceedings against the Appellant in the
Singapore Courts proceeded on the basis that her claim under the 1988 document
was in trust.

12 This was not pleaded in the appellant’s defence to the respondent’s
counterclaim. This was also not raised in the appellant’s submissions before
the trial judge and was not dealt with by him. In these circumstances, the
appellant cannot include this issue in the appeal.

13 In any event, counsel did not present any basis for the proposition. On the
faces of the two documents, the respondent’s entitlements under the deed was
greater than her entitlement under the will and entitlements accrued at
different times and from different persons. Consequently, they can support two
distinct causes of action and the respondent should be allowed to pursue each
of them.

14 The appellant in his appeal before this court did not pursue the allegation
of duress and undue influence, and accepted that cll 6 and 7 of the deed were
severable from the rest of the deed.

15 The respondent, on her part, did not seek a review on the finding that the
1988 will was forged. Instead, she took the unjustified position in para 53 of
the Respondent’s Case that:

It is the Respondent’s contention that whether or not these other documents
had been forged is not relevant to the present appeal, in particular, where
the issue of forgery of those documents was not an issue to be decided by the
Court below.

although her counsel made some attempts during the arguments to suggest that
the will was not a forgery.

16 Under the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2006 Rev Ed), a respondent in an
appeal before the Court of Appeal who wishes to argue that the trial judge’s
decision should be affirmed on grounds other than those relied upon by the
trial judge must state that in his Case. This requirement is in O 57 r 9A(5)
which reads:

A respondent who, not having appealed from the decision of the Court below,
desires to contend on the appeal that the decision of that Court should be
varied in the event of an appeal being allowed in whole or in part, or that
the decision of that Court should be affirmed on grounds other than those
relied upon by that Court, must state so in his Case, specifying the grounds
of that contention.

17 If the respondent wanted this court to affirm the trial judge’s decision on
the basis that, despite his finding to the contrary, the will was a genuine
document, that must be stated in the Respondent’s Case together with the
supporting grounds. There was no such statement or grounds in the Respondent’s
Case.

18 Even if the respondent had incorporated the contention in the Respondent’s
Case, there was clear evidence before the trial judge that pointed
irresistibly to the will not being a genuine will. The most compelling
evidence was that:

(a) the will was typed on paper stating “Law Ofices (_sic_) Berris Seton and
Bishton” of Los Angeles, California which had changed its name to “Berris &
Seton” in 1983;

(b) the word “Offices” was wrongly spelt “Ofices” on the paper;

(c) the will bore the chop of “Berris Seton & Bishton, Notary Public”,
although under the Laws of California, only a natural person can be a notary
public, and the chop was not accompanied by the signature or name of any
person; and

(d) MHR was not in California on 28 November 1988, the date the will was
purported to have been executed.

19 Counsel for the respondent argued that there was no evidence that MHR’s
signature was forged. This was not helpful to the respondent’s cause because:

(a) the onus was on her to prove the signature of MHR since she was relying on
it;

(b) she had not produced the original will although she was relying on it; and

(c) even if it is assumed that the signature was genuine (and there is no
basis for this assumption), taking into account the defects highlighted in the
foregoing paragraph, the respondent still has to show that the document as a
whole manifested the wishes of MHR.

**Our decision**

**_The issue of the will’s authenticity_**

20 The trial judge found that the words “as manifested and executed by the
deceased” did not mean that the parties had entered into the deed on the
premise that MHR executed the will.

21 The trial judge placed emphasis on the appellant’s evidence that he did not
believe in the validity of the will when he executed the deed, and the trial
judge concluded that the deed had extinguished or erased the whole issue of
the will’s authenticity. If that was the parties’ intention, it was not stated
in the deed. The will’s authenticity (or otherwise) was not mentioned. Clause
2 only referred to the possibility that the will may be “defective or
unenforceable in law”.

22 Clause 11 referred to three wills in the name of MHR. The clause stated
that the respondent did not admit the following:

(a) the 1986 Will and codicil was executed by the deceased;

(b) the 1988 Will is legally defective or unenforceable; and

(c) the 1983 Will has not been revoked and remains valid and enforceable.

It is clear that when the parties executed the deed, they had directed their
minds to the different wills attributed to MHR, and the specific issues
arising in relation to each of them. There was nothing in the deed to show
that the issue of the authenticity of the will was brought up before the deed
was executed and the respondent did not say in her affidavit of evidence-in-
chief or her evidence in court that the parties had agreed that the dispute
over the authenticity of the will was settled or disposed of under the deed.

23 If the parties had agreed to put aside the issue of the authenticity of the
will, why was that not expressly stated in the deed? It was a fairly detailed
document. It was intended by both parties to be a document that was to play a
crucial part in the resolution of the disputes between them and it was drafted
by the respondent’s solicitor.[note: 2] Why was mention made only to
defectiveness and unenforceability, and not to authenticity?

24 Clause 2 must be read in accordance to the principles by which contractual
documents are to be construed, and these principles were set out by Lord
Hoffmann when he delivered the leading judgment of the House of Lords in
_Investors Compensation Scheme Ltd v West Bromwich Building Society_ [1998] 1
WLR 896 at 912–913:

(1) Interpretation is the ascertainment of the meaning which the document
would convey to a reasonable person having all the background knowledge which
would reasonably have been available to the parties in the situation in which
they were at the time of the contract.

(2) The background … includes absolutely anything which would have affected
the way in which the language of the document would have been understood by a
reasonable man.

(3) The law excludes from the admissible background the previous negotiations
of the parties and their declarations of subjective intent. They are
admissible only in an action for rectification. …

(4) The meaning which a document (or any other utterance) would convey to a
reasonable man is not the same thing as the meaning of its words. The meaning
of words is a matter of dictionaries and grammars; the meaning of the document
is what the parties using those words against the relevant background would
reasonably have been understood to mean. The background may not merely enable
the reasonable man to choose between the possible meanings of words which are
ambiguous but even (as occasionally happens in ordinary life) to conclude that
the parties must, for whatever reason, have used the wrong words or syntax: …

(5) The “rule” that words should be given their “natural and ordinary meaning”
reflects the common sense proposition that we do not easily accept that people
have made linguistic mistakes, particularly in formal documents. On the other
hand, if one would nevertheless conclude from the background that something
must have gone wrong with the language, the law does not require judges to
attribute to the parties an intention which they plainly could not have had. …

25 The principles were affirmed by the House of Lords in _Bank of Credit and
Commerce International SA v Ali_ [2002] 1 AC 251. Lord Bingham of Cornhill in
delivering the leading judgment, stated at [8]:

In construing … [a] contractual provision, the object of the court is to give
effect to what the contracting parties intended. To ascertain the intention of
the parties the court reads the terms of the contract as a whole, giving the
words used their natural and ordinary meaning in the context of the agreement,
the parties’ relationship and all the relevant facts surrounding the
transaction so far as known to the parties. To ascertain the parties’
intentions the court does not of course inquire into the parties’ subjective
states of mind but makes an objective judgment based on the materials already
identified. The general principles summarised by Lord Hoffmann in _Investors
Compensation Scheme Ltd v West Bromwich Building Society_ [1998] 1 WLR 896,
912–913 apply in a case such as this.

26 The trial judge however, did not appear to have applied them when he
construed the deed. He relied on the appellant’s testimony that he did not
believe in the authenticity of the will when he signed the deed and then came
to the conclusion at [118] that as the deed was “intended by the parties to
resolve all the outstanding disputes within the family. One of the outstanding
disputes then concerned the issue whether the 1988 will was genuine or not.”

27 With respect, that conclusion is not justified. The statement of the
parties’ intention to resolve all the outstanding disputes between them should
be taken as the reason for, and not as the form or substance of the
appellant’s undertakings. The appellant’s obligations were limited to and
governed by the terms of the undertakings. The undertaking to implement and
carry out MHR’s wishes as manifested and executed by MHR in the will was
conditional on there being a will, executed by MHR, in which he manifested his
wishes.

28 With the finding that the will was forged, we hold that cl 2 of the deed
did not come into operation, and we set aside the order for its performance.

**Uncertainty – “Hiranand family companies” and “the family business”**

29 The appellant had argued that specific performance should not be ordered
with respect to cll 6, 7 and 9 because those clauses were uncertain when they
referred to “Hiranand family companies” and “the family business”.

30 “Hiranand family companies” which appear in cll 6, 7 and 9(a)(1) of the
deed was not defined. In cl 6 the “Hiranand family companies” were to be
listed in a schedule to the deed, but there was no such schedule. The term
“family business” appearing in cl 7 was also not defined, but from a reading
of cl 7 as a whole, the later part of cl 7 referred back to the “Hiranand
family companies”.

31 The trial judge dealt with this issue at [120] of the grounds of decision:

The final issue concerned the alleged uncertainty of cll 6 and 7 of the 1999
deed. This allegation was not raised in the pleadings or in evidence. The
defendant therefore had no opportunity to adduce evidence as to whether the
parties knew what the terms meant. In any event, the plaintiff obviously knew
what they meant as he had signed the 1999 deed with a view to furnishing the
list of such companies but failed to do so. When he wrote to [the respondent’s
solicitor] in November 1999, he referred to the 1999 deed and to the shares in
the Hiranand companies in various parts of the world that would be transferred
to Shaon. There was certainly no indication, six months after the execution of
the 1999 deed, that there was uncertainty about the scope of the phrases in
issue.

32 On the face of the deed, the term “Hiranand family companies” is not
defined. The companies were intended to be named in the schedule to the deed,
but there was no schedule.

33 What is the relation between the term “Hiranand family companies” and the
companies that were intended to be named? There are two possibilities. The
first is that the term controls the companies to be named, so that any company
will be named if it is a Hiranand family company. This cannot be the function
because “Hiranand family companies” does not set out identifying
characteristics of the intended companies. It does not identify the persons
who constitute the Hiranand family and the necessary connection between a
company and the Hiranand family to make it a Hiranand family company.

34 “Hiranand family companies” could also be used as a collective term for the
companies that the parties agree to be named in the schedule. When it is used
for this purpose, there is no requirement for identifying characteristics of
the Hiranand family companies to be specified, because any company named is
_ipso facto_ a Hiranand family company. We find that the term in the deed
served the second function.

35 Whether it served the first or the second function, the term, on the face
of the deed, is uncertain. A meaning may nevertheless be given to a term that
is on its face uncertain. Lewison’s _The Interpretation of Contracts_ (Sweet &
Maxwell, 3rd Ed, 2004) (“ _Lewison_ ”) states at para 8.09:

A contract, or a provision in a contract, may be uncertain if it is
unintelligible; if it is meaningless; if the court is unable to select between
a variety of meanings fairly attributable to it, and the circumstances are not
such that one or other party to the contract may elect between meanings; where
the court is unable to discern the concept which the parties had in mind; or
where the terms of the contract require further agreement between the parties
in order to implement them.

36 The learned author cited Megarry J in _Brown v Gould_ [1972] Ch 53 at
61–62:

A provision may be void for uncertainty because it is devoid of any meaning. …
The other main head is where there is a variety of meanings which can fairly
be put on the provision, and it is impossible to say which of them was
intended. Mere ambiguities may sometimes be resolved by the application of
legal presumptions, and so on; but where the language used is equally
consistent with a wide range of different meanings, it may be impossible to
discern the concept which the provision was intended to enshrine. If a case is
to be brought under this head, the attack will usually start with the
demonstration of a diversity of meanings which are consistent with the
language used; and if this is not done, the attack will usually fail.

37 But _Lewison_ goes on to state at para 8.11:

Where parties have entered into what they believe to be a binding agreement
the court is most reluctant to hold that their agreement is void for
uncertainty, and will only do so as a last resort.

citing _Greater London Council v Connolly_ [1970] 2 QB 100, where Lord Denning
MR said at 108:

The courts are always loath to hold a condition bad for uncertainty. They will
give it a reasonable meaning whenever possible.

and Lord Pearson said at 110:

[T]he courts are always loath to hold a clause invalid for uncertainty if a
reasonable meaning can be given to it, and it seems to me easy to give a
reasonable meaning to this condition.

38 To this end, courts would act in proper cases to remedy uncertainties.
_Lewison_ referred to the judgments of Lord Denning MR in _The Tropwind_
[1982] 1 Lloyd’s Rep 232:

We have on a few occasions rejected a sentence as meaningless, as in _Nicolene
v Simmonds_. But this is only when it is impossible to make sense of it.
Rather than find it meaningless, we should strive to find out what was really
intended – by amending the punctuation, or by supplying words and so forth.

and of Megarry J in _Brown v Gould_ ([36] _supra_ , at 57–58):

No doubt there may be cases in which the draftsman’s ineptitude will succeed
in defeating the court’s efforts to find a meaning for the provision in
question; but only if the court is driven to it will it be held that a
provision is void for uncertainty.

39 But there are situations that are beyond remedy. _Lewison_ cites _Nicolene
Ld v Simmonds_ [1953] 1 QB 543, relating to an acceptance of an order where
“the usual terms of acceptance” were to apply, _Murray v Dunn_ [1907] AC 283
where there was a building restriction against “any building of an unseemly
description”, and _Re Lloyd’s Trust Instruments_ (24 June 1970) (unreported)
which involved a trust for “my old friends”.

40 In the present case, the “Hiranand family companies” was a collective term
for the companies to be agreed on. The trial judge in [120] of the grounds of
decision referred to a letter of 22 November 1999 which the appellant wrote to
the respondent’s solicitors and noted that the appellant had not raised the
issue of uncertainty and held that against him. The letter states:

I refer the deed of May 1999 under the conditions of the deed I have settled
partly with my family:

AA) US$600,000 – as part settlement against the total amount of US$5 million.

BB) _Shares of USA companies_.

Shares allotted to Shaon Hiranand.

Balance of US$4.4 million by 24th  November 1999.

Balance of shares for allotment to Shaon Hiranand _companies in Hong Kong,
Dubai, Singapore and Japan_.

Other conditions as per the deed will be settled prior to 30th  November 1999.

[emphasis added]

41 This letter indicated that the appellant contemplated that some companies
in the USA, Hong Kong, Dubai, Singapore and Japan should fall within the
agreed companies, but it did not give any indication of the basis or concept
by which he would identify the companies.

42 In any event, even if the appellant had believed there was certainty, and
even if the respondent had also believed there was certainty, that would not
dispose of the matter. If an artist agrees to sell “my best painting” to a
collector, the artist may be clear in his mind that he is selling painting A,
whereas the collector may instead be sure that he is buying painting B. In
such a situation, their beliefs do not give certainty to that uncertain term.
A provision is certain if it is certain, and not because the parties believe
it to be certain.

43 It was not the respondent’s case that although there was no schedule to the
deed, the parties had agreed on the companies to be named, or had agreed on
the concept by which they were to be identified. She attempted to define
“Hiranand family companies” in the draft judgment prepared after the trial
judge had delivered his grounds of decision. In the draft, the “Hiranand
family companies” were described as:

… private companies wherever incorporated, registered or situate, which [MHR]
and/or the Plaintiff beneficially _owns or owned_ , including but not limited
to the following companies and/or any subsidiary, holding company, related
corporation (as defined in the Singapore Companies Act, Cap 50 of the Statutes
of the Republic of Singapore) and/or associated company of each of [a list of
27 named companies]. [emphasis added]

44 The appellant objected to the description, and the trial judge rejected it
and consequently the judgment retained the words “Hiranand family companies”,
but without reference to the schedule. It can be seen from the draft that the
respondent herself did not have a clear concept of the companies to be
included. The draft does not explain whether “owns or owned” referred to
majority or minority ownership, or how the appellant’s obligations are to
apply to companies _owned_ by MHR or the appellant.

45 Clauses 6, 7 and 9 are so uncertain that no order can be made that they are
to be performed. Such an order, if made, would create immediate difficulties
to the appellant who needs to know what he has to do to comply.

46 If it is found that the undertakings should be performed, then the court
must clarify the uncertainties so that there is certainty and content to the
appellant’s obligations. As the trial judge had not provided any guidance on
how the undertakings were to be performed, his orders cannot stand in their
present form.

47 As we have found that “Hiranand family companies” was used as a collective
term for the companies to be agreed on and not as the criteria for the
identification of the companies, we are unable to cure the uncertainty, and we
set aside the orders that the undertakings be performed.

**Conclusion**

48 The appeal is allowed, with costs here and below. The deposit for costs
paid by the appellant is to be refunded to him.

  

* * *

[note: 1] Paragraph 28 of the Appellant’s Case.

[note: 2] Notes of Evidence, 5 August 2005 page 131.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 29 Jan 2007 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

