Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Law Society of Singapore v Tan Guat Neo Phyllis  
[2007] SGHC 207

Case Number | : | OS 2386/2006, SUM 121/2007  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 04 December 2007  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Andrew Ang J; Chan Sek Keong CJ; Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  K Muralidharan Pillai, Soong Wei Jie Julian and Jerome Arul Robert (Rajah & Tann) for the applicant; Davinder Singh SC and Darius Bragassam (Drew & Napier LLC) for the respondent   
Parties | : |  Law Society of Singapore — Tan Guat Neo Phyllis   
  
Constitutional Law – Attorney-general – Prosecutorial discretion – Abuse and
unconstitutional exercise of prosecutorial discretion – Whether prosecutorial
discretion subject to judicial review  
  
Constitutional Law – Attorney-general – Prosecutorial discretion – Abuse of
process – Whether prosecution founded on entrapment an abuse of process
warranting stay of proceedings  
  
Evidence – Admissibility of evidence – Evidence obtained by means of private
entrapment – Whether such evidence inadmissible – Whether court having
discretion to reject evidence considering terms of Evidence Act (Cap 97, 1997
Rev Ed) – Section 2(2) Evidence Act (Cap 97, 1997 Rev Ed)  
  
Evidence – Admissibility of evidence – Exception in SM Summit Holdings Ltd v
PP – Exception in SM Summit Holdings Ltd v PP reconsidered  
  
Legal Profession – Disciplinary procedures – Disciplinary Committee's findings
of fact – When Court of Three Judges will interfere with such findings of fact  
  
Legal Profession – Disciplinary procedures – Whether evidence inadmissible
because it was illegally or improperly obtained – Whether motive of law firm
instigating sting operation relevant  
  
Legal Profession – Show cause action – Lawyer attempting to procure
conveyancing work by offering monetary reward to individuals referring such
work to her – Lawyer pleaded guilty to charges for grossly improper conduct in
discharge of her professional duty brought against her by Law Society of
Singapore – Appropriate punishment in light of certain mitigating
circumstances – Sections 83(2)(e), 83(2)(h) Legal Profession Act (Cap 161,
2001 Rev Ed)  
  
Statutory Interpretation – Statutes – Evidence Act (Cap 97, 1997 Rev Ed) –
Classification as a facilitative statute – Purposive interpretation of
Evidence Act (Cap 97, 1997 Rev Ed) – When does an interpretation give effect
to legislative intent – Section 23 Evidence Act (Cap 97, 1997 Rev Ed)  
  

4 December 2007 |  Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Chan Sek Keong CJ (delivering the judgment of the court):

Introduction

1 This is an application by the Law Society of Singapore (“the Law Society”)
pursuant to s 94(1) read with s 98 of the Legal Profession Act (Cap 161, 2001
Rev Ed) (“the Act”) for Tan Guat Neo Phyllis (“the respondent”) to show cause
as to why she should not be dealt with under s 83(2)(_e_) or s 83(2)(_h_) of
the Act. By way of background, it should be stated that this is the first
disciplinary case that has been referred to this court arising from a series
of well-executed sting operations designed to obtain evidence of touting by
certain law firms suspected of procuring conveyancing work from real estate
agents by giving them referral fees. There was also an appeal based on similar
facts to the Court of Appeal against the High Court’s refusal to grant leave
for judicial review of the disciplinary committee’s decision to admit evidence
obtained via one such sting operation in disciplinary proceedings (_viz_ ,
_Wong Keng Leong Rayney v Law Society of Singapore_ [2007] SGCA 42 (“ _Rayney
Wong CA_ ”)).

Background

**_The charges_**

2 The respondent in the present case is an advocate and solicitor of about 27
years’ standing. She was incriminated in one of the sting operations mentioned
above, following which the Law Society preferred against her one charge of
professional misconduct under s 83(2)(_e_) and an alternative charge under s
83(2)(_h_) of the Act. The charges (as amended) were as follows:

> > > > > > > _Amended Charge_

You, Tan Guat Neo, Phyllis … are charged that you, on or about ~~_12_~~ _15_
March 2004, whilst practising as an Advocate & Solicitor … with Messrs Fong
Partners & Associate … did attempt to procure the employment of yourself as an
advocate and solicitor in respect of the conveyancing for the sale of No. 33
Lengkok Mariam, Singapore 509135 [(“the Property”)] … through the instruction
of one Lee Pei Chuan Jenny … having promised remuneration for obtaining such
employment, to wit, a $200/- gift voucher from Takashimaya, and you have
thereby acted in contravention of Section 83(2)(e) of the Legal Profession Act
(Cap 161).

> > > > > > _Amended Alternative Charge_

You, Tan Guat Neo, Phyllis … are charged that you, on or about ~~12~~ _15_
March 2004, whilst practising as an Advocate & Solicitor … are guilty of such
misconduct unbefitting an advocate and solicitor as an officer of the Supreme
Court or as a member of an honourable profession, to wit, you did attempt to
procure the employment of yourself as an advocate and solicitor in respect of
the conveyancing for the sale of [the Property] … through the instruction of
one Lee Pei Chuan Jenny … having promised remuneration for obtaining such
employment, to wit, a $200/- gift voucher from Takashimaya, and you have
thereby acted in contravention of Section 83(2)(h) of the Legal Profession Act
(Cap 161).

**_The facts_**

3 The facts of the case are straightforward. Sometime in February 2004, a
number of solicitors from various law firms (“the instructing solicitors”)
hired a private investigation firm, namely, Dong Security & Investigation
Agency (“Dong Security”), to try to obtain evidence that the respondent’s firm
had been engaging in touting for conveyancing work. Dong Security engaged one
Jenny Lee Pei Chuan (“Jenny”), a part-time private investigator and part-time
real estate agent, to run the operation. Jenny proceeded with her task by
telephoning the respondent on 15 March 2004 and represented herself as a real
estate agent from Linkvest Network Properties (“Linkvest”) who might want to
engage the respondent to act for her client in the purchase of a property.
Jenny recorded this conversation on her audio recorder (“the audio recording”)
without the knowledge of the respondent. The parties met later that very same
afternoon, whereupon Jenny gave the respondent the name of the purchaser and
the address of the property. However, the purchaser was fictitious as Jenny
had made up the transaction. Again, unknown to the respondent, Jenny also made
a video recording of this meeting (“the video recording”).

4 Four days later (_ie_ , on 19 March 2004), Jenny met up with the respondent
again to inform her that the transaction had been aborted. She paid the
respondent $350 for work done and was given a receipt for the payment. Jenny
likewise brought her video recorder along to record the meeting, but
eventually failed to do so as the cable connecting the video recorder to the
pinhole camera had somehow become dislodged. The video had nothing more than
20 minutes of blank footage (“the failed video recording”).

5 After this meeting, Jenny made a complaint against the respondent to the Law
Society in connection with her (the respondent’s) offer to pay a referral fee
for procuring conveyancing work.

The disciplinary committee hearing and findings

**_The Law Society’s case_**

_Contents of the audio recording and the video recording_

6 At the hearing before the disciplinary committee (“the DC”) appointed by the
Law Society, the Law Society produced both the audio recording and the video
recording as part of the evidence against the respondent. The salient parts of
the transcript of the audio recording read as follows (“J” is Jenny and “R” is
the respondent):

[J]: Ah, my, my, my buyer actually, they have a particular lawyer to use, but
then somebody told me about you, right? Referred me to you, so I just want to
check before I give you the case, ah, refer the case to you. Ah, is there any
benefits or incentive for we agents or not?

[R]: _We just give some vouchers_.

[J]: What vouchers, ahh? What kind of voucher?

[R]: _Takashimaya vouchers, Takashimaya shopping vouchers_.

[J]: Oh, shopping, shopping vouchers, ahh, shopping, shopping voucher, okay,
ah, the one, there’s, there’s, um, a rule, um, um, like say a particular
amount, a fixed amount of thing?

[R]: Oh no, it depends, it will sometimes be two hundred dollars.

…

[J]: Oh, I see, okay, then this voucher thing, the moment I close the case,
you give me? Or I have to wait?

[R]: Can I give it to you (INDISTINCT) there are both of you, right. Therefore
it is easier, yah.

[J]: (INDISTINCT) once it is close[d], you just give after?

[R]: _After, can_.

[J]: Okay, so, err …

[R]: _You want Robinson, Takashimaya?_

[J]: _Er, Takashimaya, Takashimaya would be a bigger ways_ [_sic_]_, right?_

[R]: Pardon?

[J]: A bigger ways [_sic_] to shop right now. Right?

[R]: Yeah correct.

[J]: Yeah. So Taka, lah, anything, lah. It’s okay.

[R]: So you just, ah, _fax_ it and then tell me what kind of voucher, yeah,
I’ll know.

[emphasis added]

7 The relevant portion of the transcript of the video recording disclosed the
following exchange between Jenny and the respondent:

[J]: _That’s the e-mail, Okay, just now over the phone you told me about it.
The …_

[R]:_Voucher …_

[J]: Ar.

[R]: _claim .... by … Jenny … Okay can. Takashimaya._

[J]: Erm … that will be … ?

[R]: We don’t have it now.

[J]:_I know but how much?_

[R]:_200._

[J]: Okay when will that? When will I get the … ?

[R]: HDB [Housing Development Board].

[J]: Oh in HDB?

[R]: _Ya, HDB. We don’t give it here. All HDB. Can?_

[J]: Can[.]

[emphasis added]

_The attendance note_

8 In addition to these recordings, the Law Society also produced as evidence a
contemporaneous attendance note of the meeting (“the attendance note”) made by
the respondent which she had earlier disclosed to the inquiry committee when
it was inquiring into Jenny’s complaint. Of particular significance in this
context is the notation made by the respondent in the note as follows:
“Voucher claim by Jenny Lee – Takashimaya $200”.

**_The respondent’s case_**

9 The respondent’s pleaded defence to the disciplinary charges against her
was, initially, a bare denial that she had made any offer or gift to Jenny to
procure conveyancing work from her. However, at the commencement of the
proceedings before the DC, the respondent relied on the alternative defence
that she had _already_ obtained the said conveyancing work before any
purported attempt to make any such offer or gift.

10 In closing her defence, the respondent made the following additional
submissions to the DC:

(a) the evidence obtained from the audio recording and the video recording
ought to be excluded as it operated unfairly against her;

(b) even if the evidence was not excluded, it was not safe to rely on the
video recording _in vacuo_ (without the relevant context); and

(c) if the DC had any reasonable doubt as to the reliability of the audio
recording and the video recording, then the failed video recording alone did
not contain sufficient evidence to prove the charges.

11 These submissions were advanced on the basis that the contents of the audio
recording had been tampered with and surreptitiously edited in such a way as
to give the impression that the respondent had discussed the giving of
referral fees or vouchers. It was suggested that this was done by splicing
certain statements from the video recording into the audio recording in order
to convey the impression that there had been mention of such matters.

12 To support this allegation, the respondent highlighted that Dong Security
had not been able to produce the digital recorder used to record the audio
recording, and also that one Harry Chua (“Harry”), Dong Security’s operations
manager, had given a contradictory account of why he could not produce that
digital recorder. In his affidavit of evidence-in-chief, Harry said that the
digital recorder had been smashed into pieces in the course of subsequent
field work, whereas, in an earlier letter dated 4 July 2005 from the Law
Society’s solicitors to the respondent’s solicitors, it was stated that the
digital recorder had been discarded as it had malfunctioned. The respondent
further pointed out that although Harry also claimed in his affidavit of
evidence-in-chief that the notebook computer used to store the audio recording
had “crashed”, no evidence was produced to show that the notebook computer had
been sent for repairs. The respondent’s argument was that these alleged
incidents were not unfortunate coincidences as suggested by Dong Security and
the Law Society, but were, instead, part of an orchestrated plan to prevent
the tampering of the audio recording from being detected.

13 The respondent also referred to a particular exchange in the audio
recording (see [6] above, in the final line of the extract), during which the
respondent was purported to have requested that Jenny “fax _it_ ” [emphasis
added] to her. It was not disputed by either side that the word “ _it_ ” was a
reference to the option to purchase (“the Option”). As the transcript did not
make any prior reference to the Option, it was contended that the reference to
“ _it_ ” was contextually inconsistent and hinted at the audio recording
having been edited so as to render it useful for the purposes of lodging a
disciplinary complaint with the Law Society. In short, it was alleged that
Dong Security had fabricated the audio recording and, therefore, the recording
was unreliable.

14 In relation to the video recording, the respondent also questioned its
authenticity. She claimed that she had not said the words “claim … by … Jenny”
(see [7] above, as italicised). Instead, she contended that, when asked about
the voucher claim, she had merely said the word “ok” in order to deflect the
query.

15 In this connection, the respondent also referred to the attendance note and
argued that she had written the words “Voucher claim by Jenny Lee –
Takashimaya $200” (see [8] above) with the sole intention of humouring Jenny.
In her closing submissions before the DC, she highlighted the point that if
the attendance note were inculpatory in nature, it would not have accorded
with logic for her to have voluntarily disclosed it to the inquiry committee.

16 In relation to the failed video recording, it was common ground that the
meeting on 19 March 2004 lasted for about an hour and that the recording
consisted of only 20 minutes of blank footage. Arising from this, the
respondent argued that even if the DC accepted the Law Society’s version that
the cable connecting the video recorder to the pinhole camera had been
dislodged, it would not explain why there had been only 20 minutes of blank
footage as the video recorder would have been in recording mode for the full
hour. It was argued that the entire recording had been edited to make it seem
as if it had failed so as to remove the exonerating evidence, namely, the
respondent’s express explanation to Jenny at the meeting of 19 March 2004 that
she did not offer referral fees.

**_The DC’s findings of fact and law_**

17 The DC rejected the respondent’s allegation of tampering after hearing the
audio recording and the video recording and considering the expert evidence
called by both parties. The DC found that the audio recording and the video
recording, including the failed video recording, had not been tampered with.

18 In relation to the law, the Law Society argued that entrapment evidence was
admissible, subject to the exception laid down in _SM Summit Holdings Ltd v
PP_ [1997] 3 SLR 922 (“ _Summit_ ”), where the High Court held that if the
illegal act on the part of the _agent provocateur_ had brought about the
commission of the offence, the evidence so obtained in relation to the
commission of the offence should be excluded (“the _Summit_ exception”).
Counsel for the respondent argued, relying on _Cheng Swee Tiang v PP_ [1964]
MLJ 291 (“ _Cheng Swee Tiang_ ”) as well as the _Summit_ exception, that the
evidence obtained by Jenny in the present case should be excluded as it
operated unfairly against the respondent. The DC held that the evidence
against the respondent was admissible as Jenny had not committed any offence
in procuring it. The DC applied the law as stated by V K Rajah J (as he then
was) in _Wong Keng Leong Rayney v Law Society of Singapore_ [2006] 4 SLR 934
(“ _Rayney Wong HC_ ”) that the court in such a case would not generally have
any discretion to exclude illegally obtained evidence _._ The DC accordingly
held that the Law Society had made out both the main and the alternative
charges against the respondent.

19 Consequent upon the findings of the DC, the Law Society applied to this
court pursuant to s 94(1) read with s 98 of the Act for the respondent to show
cause as to why she should not be disciplined in accordance with the Act.

Issues of fact and law before the court

20 In their written and oral submissions, both counsel for the Law Society and
for the respondent raised a large number of issues of fact and law for
determination by this court. First, the respondent questioned the correctness
of the DC’s following findings of fact:

(a) that the audio recording and the video recording were authentic;

(b) that the respondent promised to give a shopping voucher to Jenny in an
attempt to procure conveyancing work from her; and

(c) that the attendance note contained a record of the respondent’s decision
to give Jenny a shopping voucher for the above referral.

Next, the issues of law canvassed for our decision were:

(i) whether, if the evidence obtained by Jenny was entrapment evidence or
illegally obtained evidence, this court had the discretion to exclude such
evidence or to stay the disciplinary proceedings on the ground of abuse of the
disciplinary process; and

(ii) whether the motive of the instructing solicitors in entrapping the
respondent was relevant to determining whether the sting operation was an
abuse of the disciplinary process, and, if so, whether the respondent had been
prejudiced in her defence by the DC denying her the opportunity to cross-
examine the instructing solicitors on their motive.

21 We propose to address, first, the arguments of the parties on the DC’s
findings of fact before turning to the law. This will also require us to
determine whether the manner in which Jenny procured the evidence against the
respondent amounted to entrapment and/or whether the evidence was illegally
obtained.

**_Were the DC’s findings of fact correct?_**

22 In her written submissions, the respondent set out all the arguments as to
why she considered as erroneous the DC’s findings of fact as set out at [20]
above, _ie_ : (a) that the audio recording and the video recording were
authentic; (b) that she had agreed to give shopping vouchers to Jenny at their
meeting on 15 March 2004; and (c) that the attendance note, which was
contemporaneous in nature, was a confirmation of this promise. In response,
the Law Society, in its written submissions, gave its response to show why the
DC’s findings of fact should be upheld. In our view, the DC’s findings of fact
are entirely supportable by the evidence, and we now proceed to explain why
this is so.

_Authenticity of the audio recording and the video recording_

23 In finding that the audio recording and the video recording were authentic,
the DC had the benefit of listening to the expert witnesses called by both
parties. After evaluating the evidence of the Law Society’s expert witness, Mr
Peter Garde, and the evidence of the respondent’s expert witnesses, Mr James
Griffin and Dr Tan Tiong Hock, the DC concluded that Mr Garde’s evidence that
the audio recording had not been tampered with was more convincing, taking
into account his expertise and experience in the forensic examination of audio
recordings. With respect to the complaint concerning the missing notebook
computer and the digital recorder, the DC accepted Harry’s explanation of why
he could not produce these items at the proceedings.

24 With respect to the video recording, the respondent did not suggest that it
had been tampered with in her closing submissions before the DC. Instead, she
contended that it was unsafe to rely on it independently of the failed video
recording. In this regard, the DC accepted the evidence of the Law Society’s
expert, Mr Bruce Koenig, that the video recording was authentic. Mr Koenig had
considerable expertise and experience in the forensic examination of audio and
video recordings, having conducted examinations of well over 16,000 separate
audio and video recordings. In contrast, the DC noted that the respondent’s
experts, Mr Griffin and Dr Tan, had no field experience in this area of work
at all.

_Agreement to give shopping vouchers and the attendance note_

25 On these two topics, the respondent’s contention was that she had not
intended to reward Jenny for referral work and had merely been trying to
humour Jenny when, in response to the latter’s inquiry about the referral fee,
she had replied (see [7] above), “claim … by … Jenny … Okay can. Takashimaya”.
The respondent claimed that there was a pre-existing arrangement between her
firm and Linkvest whereby if any of Linkvest’s agents asked for a referral
fee, the respondent would respond by humouring the agent. The DC rejected this
evidence and accepted the Law Society’s argument that the respondent’s version
of her own conduct (_ie_ , that she had uttered the incriminating words with
no intention of incriminating herself) was contrary to what she had written in
the attendance note. It was also pointed out by the DC that if the respondent
had no intention to reward Jenny for referral work, she would have been able
to explain why she had asked Jenny to choose between a Takashimaya voucher and
a Robinsons voucher. As it turned out, she could not so explain.

26 In our view, it is abundantly clear from the transcripts that the
respondent was not humouring Jenny. The respondent’s alternative defence, _ie_
, that she had already obtained the conveyancing work before she made the
alleged offer or gift to Jenny, does not help the respondent. The charge
against her was not for corruption, but for unprofessional conduct in agreeing
to share her professional fees with an unqualified person.

_Our decision on the DC’s findings of fact_

27 For the above reasons, we affirm the DC’s findings of fact that the
respondent did offer a referral fee to Jenny in the form of shopping vouchers,
and that she did so with a view to procuring conveyancing work from Jenny. In
this connection, we would also reiterate that the practice of this court in
relation to findings of fact made by the DC is the same as the practice of an
appellate court in relation to findings of fact made by a lower court, _ie_ ,
this court will not lightly disturb such findings unless the findings are
clearly wrong or against the weight of the evidence: see _Law Society of
Singapore v Lim Cheong Peng_ [2006] 4 SLR 360 at [13].

**_Arguments of parties on legal issues_**

28 We turn now to the legal arguments on Jenny’s conduct. We examine, first,
the respondent’s argument based on the Prevention of Corruption Act (Cap 241,
1993 Rev Ed) (“PCA”).

_The PCA_

29 The respondent’s submission in this respect was that Jenny, by offering to
refer conveyancing work to the respondent for a referral fee, was herself
guilty of the offence under s 29 of the PCA of abetting the respondent to
commit a PCA offence even though the respondent had not agreed to give the
referral fee. The conduct of Jenny was therefore illegal.

30 The steps in the respondent’s reasoning were as follows. First, under s
5(_b_) of the PCA, it is an offence for:

[a]ny person … [to] by himself … corruptly give, promise or offer to any
person … any gratification as an inducement to or reward for … any person
doing or forbearing to do anything in respect of any matter or transaction
whatsoever, actual or proposed …

Secondly, _if_ the respondent had offered (which she contended she had not) a
referral fee to Jenny, she would have committed an offence under s 5 of the
PCA. Thirdly, the fact that the respondent had not committed the s 5 offence
was immaterial to Jenny’s liability for abetment because under s 29 of the PCA
read with s 107 of the Penal Code (Cap 224, 1985 Rev Ed), it was not necessary
for the substantive offence to be committed before the abetment charge was
made out (see Explanation 2 to s 108 of the Penal Code).

31 In our view, this is an ingenious argument, but we find it difficult to
understand why it is one which is worth making at all. All it means is that if
we were to find that Jenny did instigate the respondent to offer her a
referral fee _and that the respondent did agree or offer_ to pay such fee,
_the respondent herself would have committed an offence under s 5 of the PCA_.
Following from this, the respondent would have admitted indirectly that she
was guilty of corruption, but with no assurance of the exclusion of any of the
evidence incriminating her from or the staying of the DC proceedings. This
would then _also_ lead to the consequent finding of her guilt in respect of
the disciplinary offences for which she has been charged. We might add that a
similar argument was advanced by the solicitor concerned in the case of _Law
Society of Singapore v Bay Puay Joo Lilian_ [2007] SGHC 208 (“ _Lilian Bay_
”), and it would be useful to refer to the holdings of this court in that case
in response to the argument in the present case.

32 In _Lilian Bay_ , where the same argument was made against Jenny (the same
Jenny as in this case), this court held that the argument failed for two
reasons: (a) Jenny did not have any corrupt intent in doing what she did; and
(b) the solicitor in _Lilian Bay_ was not being asked to do a favour for
Jenny, but would instead be doing herself a favour if she accepted the
conveyancing work offered to her. Since the conduct of Jenny in that case was
similar to her conduct in the present case, we can do no better than to
restate this court’s analysis of Jenny’s actions in that case. There, this
court said (at [35]):

In our view, the evidence shows that Jenny’s stratagem was to spin a credible
story to the respondent and give her the opportunity to react in the way that
Jenny’s client anticipated the respondent would do, _ie_ , agree to pay a
referral fee, as that was what the [respondent’s] firm was suspected to have
engaged in. Jenny’s objective was to procure the evidence to expose the
unprofessional activities of a group of solicitors. Jenny’s _modus operandi_ ,
although it involved an element of persistency in persuading her targets to
agree to pay referral fees, cannot be said to be corrupt under the law. The
nature of bribery or corruption involves the inducement of a public official
or a private party to do a favour in exchange for a bribe or gratification.
These two elements, _viz_ , the giving of a bribe for a favour, are essential
to the offence of bribery or corruption. In the present case, as in the cases
in the same series, Jenny was not seeking a favour from the respondent for
which she would pay a bribe. She was, in fact, purporting to do a favour to
the respondent by agreeing to bring conveyancing work to her in return for
payment of a referral fee. It may then be thought that Jenny was trying to
bribe the respondent with conveyancing work in order to receive a bribe (the
referral fee). This could be what counsel for the respondent had in mind when
he made the argument set out at [30] above [which was substantively the same
as the argument set out at [30] of this judgment]. But, even then, in our
view, Jenny’s offer was not a bribe or a corrupt act for two reasons. First,
there was no corrupt intent on her part as her only objective was to expose
the professional misconduct of the respondent. If the scheme had been
implemented, she would have paid the respondent a fee for work done, from
which she would receive a referral fee (as in the case of _Rayney Wong CA_ …).
She would be out of pocket in receiving back only a portion of her own money.
Second, the respondent’s ordinary practice was conveyancing; she was not being
asked to do Jenny or any of her clients a favour by undertaking her normal
business. The respondent would be doing a favour for herself, and not Jenny,
in undertaking the conveyancing work offered to her. That leaves the question
of Jenny seeking a payment. In our view, there was no corruption in Jenny
seeking a reward for doing a favour to the respondent provided the favour was
not at the expense of her (Jenny’s) client. What is wrong, professionally, is
for the respondent to agree to pay a referral fee to Jenny. In our view, the
argument that Jenny had committed an offence under the PCA has no merit.

33 In our view, the above analysis applies equally to the actions of Jenny
_vis-à-vis_ the respondent in the present case, and we accordingly reject the
respondent’s argument on this basis. Jenny’s conduct could not be said to be
illegal on the basis that it was an offence under s 29 of the PCA.

_Other bases of illegality alleged by the respondent_

34 As the respondent also argued that Jenny’s conduct was illegal on several
_other_ bases, it would conduce towards clarity to examine these allegations
of illegality as well.

(1) Conspiracy to do an illegal act

35 First, the respondent argued that the instructing solicitors had conspired
to weed out their competitors, in her counsel’s words, “in order to feed their
appetite for more clients” and had employed Dong Security and Jenny to carry
out their plan to cause the respondent injury or damage (with respect to her
conveyancing practice). Acting in concert, the instructing solicitors had
conspired to abet an offence under s 5 of the PCA, which amounted to a
criminal conspiracy to do an illegal act (as defined in s 120A of the Penal
Code) independent of the offence under s 29 of the PCA. On this argument, it
was the instructing solicitors who, through Jenny, had committed an offence
under both s 29 of the PCA and s 120A of the Penal Code.

36 With respect to this argument, we are unable to find, on the evidence, that
there was a criminal conspiracy among the instructing solicitors, together
with Dong Security and Jenny, to injure the respondent in the way of her
practice. The transcripts of the audio recording and the first meeting on 15
March 2004 show that Jenny did not offer to introduce conveyancing
transactions to the respondent in exchange for referral fees. What she did was
to ask the respondent whether there was anything in it for her to bring
conveyancing work to the respondent. Jenny did not make any offer. Instead,
she merely laid the ground for the respondent to make the offer, which the
respondent went on to do. The respondent would have known that it was wrong of
her professionally to offer the referral fee, and yet, she did so. All she had
to do was to say “no”. The respondent injured herself on her own volition. The
transcript of the audio recording (see [6] above) shows that when Jenny
inquired about “incentive[s]”, the respondent’s immediate reply was: “We just
give some vouchers.” In our view, the respondent protested too much, too late.
The objective evidence amply shows that the respondent was in the practice of
offering incentives in return for conveyancing business.

(2) Conspiracy to use illegal means

37 Next, the respondent argued that the instructing solicitors had used
illegal means to obtain evidence against her in order to secure her conviction
for disciplinary offences under the Act. These illegal means took the form of
a false (so the respondent claimed) statutory declaration made by Jenny which
was crafted to lead the reader to conclude that the respondent had breached s
83(2)(_d_) of the Act. It was accordingly urged that the DC should have
rejected this part of the complaint. It was also argued that Jenny had used
other illegal means that constituted the tort of deceit by: (a) making several
false representations which she intended the respondent to rely on, and which
the respondent did rely on, thereby incurring damage; (b) meeting the
respondent; (c) making photocopies of documents; and (d) making telephone
calls to one Lim Keng Chiang, the real estate agent marketing the property.

38 With respect to the allegation that Jenny had made a false statutory
declaration, the answer to it, really, is that the respondent should have made
a complaint to the police as that is a serious Penal Code offence. In our
view, the argument is, in any event, misplaced as any illegality in relation
to the statutory declaration had nothing to do with the procurement of the
evidence during the telephone conversation and the meeting on 15 March 2004,
both of which were recorded. The question which the DC had to decide was
whether the audio recording and the video recording, if authentic, and the
transcripts thereof, if accurate, would show that the respondent had offered a
referral fee to Jenny. In our view, the evidence shows beyond any reasonable
doubt that the respondent had given a positive response to the opportunity
presented by Jenny to offer referral fees even without knowing who Jenny was.
The meetings between them only confirmed too well the respondent’s willingness
to pay referral fees for conveyancing work.

39 With respect to the argument based on the alleged false representations,
the Court of Appeal considered and rejected a similar argument in _Rayney Wong
CA_ ([1] _supra_). The false representations alleged by the respondent lay
essentially in Jenny making up a fictitious conveyancing transaction to tempt
the respondent. It was held by the Court of Appeal in _Rayney Wong CA_ that
Jenny’s pretence did not induce Rayney Wong (the solicitor charged) to agree
to pay a referral fee. Similarly, in the present case, Jenny’s pretence did
not induce the respondent to offer the referral fee. The respondent would have
done exactly the same thing if the fictitious transaction had been genuine:
see _Rayney Wong CA_ at [31] and [35].

(3) Conduct of Jenny unsanctionable?

40 It was also urged upon us by the respondent that Jenny’s conduct was
unsanctionable. This argument was based on a statement in _Summit_ ([18]
_supra_), where the High Court drew a distinction between a public prosecution
and a private prosecution in the context of entrapment and illegally obtained
evidence. At [57] of _Summit_ , the court said:

There is no public interest in the members of the public undertaking such
conduct [_ie_ , conduct that is an offence under the law]. _In such cases, the
focus should then be on whether this is the sort of conduct which the courts
would sanction_. The mode of obtaining such evidence cannot possibly be
justified. Summit CD [one of the companies alleged to have committed copyright
infringement and against whom search warrants were issued] was suspected of
software piracy and what the private investigator did was to procure Summit CD
to infringe the copyright and trade marks, and then to use this to obtain the
warrants. There was no evidence that, if this self-help remedy was not done,
there was no other way to find out whether the offences were committed.
[emphasis added]

41 Specifically in respect of this passage, counsel for the respondent made
two arguments. The first, which turned on the meaning of the word “sanction”,
was that the court had properly drawn a distinction between entrapment by a
state agent and entrapment by a private agent. In the latter scenario, the
test was whether the agent’s conduct was such that a court would not sanction
it, and whether this conduct preceded and was designed to bring about the
commission of the offence. In other words, in the case of a state agent, the
preceding act had to be unlawful, but, in the case of a private agent, it need
not be so long as it was of a nature which the court would not sanction.
Applying this distinction to the present case, the argument was that even if
Jenny’s act was not illegal, it was unsanctionable as it was deceptive,
infected with the malicious motive of the instructing solicitors, and so on.
Ultimately, the respondent argued that this court should not sanction the
conduct of Jenny because the intentions of the instructing solicitors, who
were trying to eliminate competition from other conveyancing firms for their
own personal greed, were dishonourable. The instructing solicitors also
selected their targets without a pre-existing basis or reasonable grounds for
believing that the targets were ethically unfit or in the practice of offering
incentives. They were, in essence, “virtue-testing” at large.

42 In our view, this first argument is not supported by the context in which
the word “sanction” appears in [57] of _Summit_ (reproduced at [40] above].
What the High Court held to be unsanctionable in the context of that passage
was “[t]he mode of obtaining such evidence [which] cannot possibly be
justified”. The mode referred to was the manner in which the private
investigator in that case (“JC”) executed his plan, which the court found was
particularly malignant and a threat to the rule of law. It was on the basis of
that finding that the court said that JC’s evidence should have been rejected.
What the High Court could not sanction was JC’s specific conduct and not some
other undefined conduct. To read [57] of _Summit_ as laying down a general and
vague test of unsanctionability would be inconsistent with the court’s
decision (at [54]–[56]) to reject the balancing test applied in _Bunning v
Cross_ (1978) 141 CLR 54 on the ground that it would lead to arbitrariness.

43 The second argument advanced by the respondent hinged on the statement that
“[t]here is no public interest in the members of the public undertaking such
conduct” (likewise set out at [40] above). The argument was that there was no
reason for private individuals to assume the role of policemen as there was
merit in strictly demarcating the latter’s functions. It was further submitted
that Singapore was not at a stage of its political, social or cultural history
where it considered that private individuals had a duty to expose the flaws of
others. Accordingly, as a matter of law and policy, it was urged upon us that
_Summit_ was correct in supposedly making a distinction between state
entrapment and private entrapment, as private investigators and vigilantes
should be subject to greater scrutiny than law enforcement officers. The
reason given was that the police in Singapore were highly respected not only
for their professionalism and integrity, but also for their accountability.
The courts, therefore, had no reason to interpose themselves as an additional
check-and-balance to monitor the police’s conduct, save where the rule of law
was undermined. The same, however, could not be said for private investigators
and vigilantes. For these reasons, the distinction drawn in _Summit_ was
relevant and appropriate for local conditions.

44 We are unable to accept this second argument. A paraphrase of the statement
in _Summit_ relied upon by the respondent (see [43] above) will show why. It
would then say: “There is no public interest in the members of the public
committing crime in order to expose crime.” But, equally, there is also no
public interest in law enforcement officers committing crime in order to
expose crime. Put in this way, we are back to square one in seeking a solution
to the conflict of interests adverted to by Lord Steyn in _Regina v Latif_
[1996] 1 WLR 104 (“ _Latif_ ”) at 112 (which we will discuss in greater detail
below). In fact, the cases of _Regina v Sang_ [1980] AC 402 (“ _Sang_ ”),
_Ridgeway v The Queen_ (1995) 184 CLR 19 (“ _Ridgeway_ ”) and _Regina v
Looseley_ [2001] 1 WLR 2060 (“ _Looseley_ ”) all accept that in combating
serious crimes, the public interest in arresting and punishing those guilty of
serious crimes should be balanced against the public interest in ensuring that
the administration of justice is not brought into disrepute by the courts
overlooking egregious illegal conduct on the part of law enforcement officers.

45 Indeed, if, as the respondent has contended, the statement in _Summit_ (set
out at [40] above) was intended to mean that there is no public interest in
members of the public enforcing the law, then it would be inconsistent with
the facts of the case itself (which are discussed below at [105]–[106]). In
_Summit_ , it could not be said that the complainant, Business Software
Alliance (“BSA”), did not have a public interest in trying to entrap Summit
Manufacture Pte Ltd (“Summit CD”). BSA was seeking, as it had the right to do,
to protect its principals’ intellectual property rights, the infringement of
which was both a tort and an offence under the Copyright Act (Cap 63, 1988 Rev
Ed). Indeed, at [107] of its judgment, the High Court said that:

No one would wish that any of those who engage in software piracy and
manufacturing of counterfeit CDs should go free. They should be found out and
brought to justice. But it is fundamental in our law that the means which are
adopted to this end must be lawful means.

46 As we have mentioned above, the application of a test based merely on what
the court would or would not sanction would contradict the High Court’s
concern in _Summit_ , as reflected in its rejection of the _Bunning v Cross_
balancing test on the ground that it was unprincipled and would lead to
arbitrariness. However, this is not to say that we share this concern if the
balancing test is applied. We do not. Courts are used to evaluating competing
interests all the time. But, as far as counsel’s argument as set out at [43]
above is concerned, it is contrary to the whole tenor of the court’s reasoning
in _Summit_.

47 Finally, we should add that the statement in _Summit_ (set out at [40]
above) is capable of giving the impression that the High Court meant to say
that although illegal conduct would not be acceptable if undertaken by a
private party, it would be acceptable if undertaken by law enforcement
officers. That would not be correct as the law applies equally to all, and, in
our view, that was not what the statement meant. In _Rayney Wong HC_ ([18]
_supra_), Rajah J did not think that the statement was intended to have this
meaning. He held that there was no distinction in principle between state-
directed entrapment and private entrapment (see [67]–[68] of _Rayney Wong
HC_). We agree. As we shall see in our discussion later on entrapment, and as
Lord Nicholls of Birkenhead said in _Looseley_ at [25]:

Ultimately the overall consideration is always whether the conduct of the
police or other law enforcement agency was so seriously improper as to bring
the administration of justice into disrepute.

The same consideration would apply to illegal conduct on the part of a private
_agent provocateur_.

48 For the above reasons, we find, on the facts, that the respondent’s
arguments on illegal and improper conduct on the part of Jenny have no merit.
In our view, Jenny had not acted illegally or improperly, and the evidence
which she obtained was rightly admitted by the DC, even on the _assumption_
that the law on entrapment and illegally obtained evidence was in the
respondent’s favour.

**_Motive and identities of the instructing solicitors_**

_The parties’ arguments_

49 We consider, finally, the respondent’s argument that the DC was wrong in
law in not ordering the disclosure of the identities of the instructing
solicitors so that their motive could be examined. In connection with and as
part of her arguments on Jenny’s conduct, the respondent argued that the DC
was wrong to prevent her from exposing the motive of the instructing
solicitors, and that this had prevented her from subpoenaing them “to get to
the bottom of the matter” (see para 31 of the respondent’s skeletal arguments
filed on 15 March 2007). The DC therefore erred in denying the respondent the
opportunity to raise a crucial defence (_ie_ , the instructing solicitors’
predominant purpose to injure her).

50 However, the Law Society contended that the motive of the instructing
solicitors was irrelevant to the disciplinary charges against the respondent,
which were brought about by her own conduct in offering referral fees to
Jenny. Reference was made to the following authorities (and the propositions
for which they stand): _MCST Plan No_  _2285 v Sum Lye Heng_ [2004] 2 SLR 408
(where it was held that the prosecuting party’s motive was irrelevant if there
was a basis for an action) and _Law Society of Singapore v Lau See-Jin
Jeffrey_ [1999] 2 SLR 215 (where the disciplinary committee ignored the fact
that the complainant had “an axe to grind”: see the grounds of decision of the
court at [34]).

_Motive irrelevant in disciplinary proceedings_

51 We do not agree with the respondent’s submission on the issue of motive,
especially in relation to disciplinary proceedings, because it would, first,
not be possible for the respondent to show the instructing solicitors’ true
motive. Even if this could be done, such motive would be irrelevant in the
disciplinary proceedings against the respondent and would not represent an
abuse of the disciplinary process. This was what the Court of Appeal found in
_Rayney Wong CA_ ([1] _supra_) (at [50]–[54]). In that case, the Court of
Appeal, after reviewing the English authorities which stood for the
proposition that using the criminal process for a purpose for which it was not
intended was an abuse of process, made two findings. First, the Court of
Appeal held (at [47]) that since the instructing solicitor in that case could
have had at least three motives in exposing the appellant’s unprofessional
conduct – _viz_ : (a) to increase his own business; (b) to create a level
playing field for all conveyancing lawyers; and (c) to uphold the ethical and
professional standards of the Bar – it would be practically impossible for the
appellant to prove that the first motive was the instructing solicitor’s sole
or predominant motive. This was so even though it was the intention of the
appellant to cross-examine the instructing solicitor, as it would not be
possible, in practical terms, to prove that the instructing solicitor was
invoking the disciplinary process for the sole or predominant purpose of
increasing his conveyancing practice. Secondly, the Court of Appeal held (at
[50]–[54]) that, in any case, the doctrine of abuse of process did not apply
to disciplinary proceedings, which had policy objectives that were different
from those of criminal proceedings. (We note, however, that the Court of
Appeal in _Rayney Wong CA_ did not make any finding on whether the doctrine of
abuse of process would apply in Singapore to public prosecutions, an issue
which we shall address later in this judgment.) Returning to the present case,
for reasons similar to those in _Rayney Wong CA_ , we conclude that the
respondent’s arguments on motive have no substance.

52 Our conclusions above that Jenny’s conduct in obtaining the evidence of the
respondent’s professional misconduct did not amount to entrapment and that
Jenny had not committed any illegal act in so doing are sufficient for us to
dispose of this case and to find that the Law Society has made out the
disciplinary charges against the respondent. It is therefore, strictly
speaking, unnecessary for us to consider what the law is in relation to the
admissibility of Jenny’s evidence if it had amounted to entrapment or
illegally obtained evidence. However, in view of: (a) the issue of the
admissibility of entrapment or illegally obtained evidence in criminal
proceedings not having been fully considered by a Singapore court; (b) the
decision in _Looseley_ ; and (c) the parties having canvassed full arguments
on this issue before us, we consider it desirable and appropriate that we
state what we consider to be the law in Singapore for the guidance of the
courts in future cases.

Law on entrapment and illegally obtained evidence

**_Distinction between entrapment and illegally obtained evidence_**

53 By way of introduction, we need to point out that in _Rayney Wong CA_ , the
Court of Appeal explained the essential difference between entrapment evidence
and illegally obtained evidence: see _Rayney Wong CA_ at [27]. Basically,
entrapment as envisaged by the House of Lords in _Looseley_ involves unlawful
conduct by the state or its agents in instigating, cajoling or pressuring the
defendant into committing an offence which he would not otherwise have done.
This abuse of power results in an abuse of the court’s process if the evidence
is then used to prosecute the defendant for the offence which he was
instigated to commit. This is distinguished from merely providing the
defendant with an opportunity to commit the offence. Illegally obtained
evidence shares the element of unlawfulness, but the element of instigation is
absent, and it does not always, unlike entrapment evidence, provide evidence
of the _actus reus_ of the offence.

54 However, notwithstanding the distinction, we have in this judgment decided
not to deal with illegally obtained evidence as a separate and distinct
category from entrapment evidence. The reason is that, given the conclusions
which we have reached with respect to the law on entrapment evidence in
Singapore, it would not be necessary to draw any distinction between the two
types of evidence in terms of their admissibility in public prosecutions.

**_The parties’ arguments_**

55 We first set out below the respective arguments canvassed by the Law
Society and the respondent in their oral and written submissions in respect of
entrapment evidence.

_The Law Society’s arguments_

56 The Law Society’s arguments may be summarised as follows:

(a) The law governing the use of evidence obtained by entrapment (whether
private or state-sponsored) in criminal proceedings has no application to
disciplinary proceedings, which have, as their object, wholly different aims
from those in civil or criminal proceedings: see _Re Saluja_ (2006) 92 BMLR
153 and _Hasan v General Medical Council_ [2003] UKPC 5.

(b) But, if it is applicable, then:

(i) the Court of Appeal in _How Poh Sun v PP_ [1991] SLR 220 (“ _How Poh Sun_
”), in fully adopting _Sang_ ([44] _supra_), has severely emasculated the
judicial discretion to exclude evidence, which discretion was recognised by
the High Court (consisting of three judges) in _Cheng Swee Tiang_ ([18]
_supra_); and

(ii) the Court of Appeal has in three decisions, _viz_ , _How Poh Sun_ , _Goh
Lai Wak v PP_ [1994] 1 SLR 748 (“ _Goh Lai Wak_ ”) and _PP v Rozman bin Jusoh_
[1995] 3 SLR 317 (“ _Rozman_ ”), applied the law as stated in _Sang_.

(c) _Summit_ ([18] _supra_) has no effect on the admissibility of entrapment
evidence as:

(i) it deals with the retention of evidence illegally obtained through an
invalid search warrant, and not the admissibility of such evidence at trial;
and

(ii) the Court of Appeal, in _Amran bin Eusuff v PP_ [2002] SGCA 20 (“ _Amran
bin Eusuff_ ”), has affirmed the position taken in _How Poh Sun_ and has
further clarified that _Summit_ did not change the law as stated in _Sang_.

(d) Assuming that _Summit_ did create a further exception to the admissibility
of entrapment evidence (by way of the _Summit_ exception (see [18] above)),
the exception is not applicable to the facts of the present case as the
exception only arises if the illegal conduct itself constitutes an essential
ingredient of the charged offence (see [52] of the judgment in _Summit_).

(e) The development of the law in England on entrapment evidence since _Sang_
has no direct relevance in Singapore for this development stemmed largely from
the enactment of s 78 of the Police and Criminal Evidence Act 1984 (c 60) (UK)
(“the 1984 Act”) and the Human Rights Act 1998 (c 42) (UK).

(f) In relation to the doctrine of abuse of process:

(i) this court has jurisdiction to grant a stay of disciplinary proceedings,
but it must be exercised only in exceptional circumstances (see _Re Saluja_);

(ii) _Looseley_ and _R v Mack_ [1988] 2 SCR 903 (“ _Mack_ ”), in which a stay
of proceedings was approved as an appropriate response to abuse of process in
entrapment cases, are not applicable to public prosecutions in Singapore;

(iii) in _Ong Chin Keat Jeffrey v PP_ [2004] 4 SLR 483, the High Court held
that _Looseley_ reflected the position in English law, whilst _Sang_ (as
conceded by counsel in that case, but to which the court did not demur)
reflected the local position; and

(iv) the High Court in _Rayney Wong HC_ ([18] _supra_) declined to adopt
_Looseley_ as part of Singapore law.

_The respondent’s arguments_

57 The respondent’s arguments may be summarised as follows:

(a) This court has the power to exclude entrapment evidence in its discretion:
see _Cheng Swee Tiang_ and _Summit._

(b) Although the Evidence Act (Cap 97, 1997 Rev Ed) (“EA”) is silent on
whether the court has the power to exclude entrapment evidence, it is a
facilitative statute which allows the application of common law rules of
evidence to fill any lacuna in the legislation.

(c) _How Poh Sun_ does not prevent this court from applying _Summit_ to
exclude Jenny’s evidence. In any case, _How Poh Sun_ was concerned with a
state _agent provocateur_ , whereas the present case is concerned with a
private agent, where “the focus should … be on whether this is the sort of
conduct which the courts would sanction”, and not merely whether the agent’s
conduct was illegal: see _Summit_ at [57].

(d) Where a private agent’s conduct is illegal, the evidence obtained by such
conduct should _a fortiori_ be excluded: see _Rayney Wong HC_ at [69].

(e) Where illegal or unsanctionable conduct is shown, as is the case with
respect to Jenny’s conduct in the present proceedings (it should, however, be
noted that in the analysis above, we did not find this to be the case), the
evidence would be excluded and there is no need to embark on a balancing
process which is both unworkable and prone to manipulation: see _Summit_ at
[54]–[55].

**_Preliminary observations_**

58 We will now consider all these questions. However, by way of preface, we
wish to state that in formulating the principles of law in relation to the
legal issues raised in this case, we must give primacy to the objectives and
values of our criminal justice system. The principles which we lay down must
conform to the fabric of our law, including our constitutional structure.
Whilst we pay great respect to the decisions of the appellate courts in
Australia, Canada and England on these issues, we must also bear in mind that
the legal and social environments in these jurisdictions are not the same, and
that the courts in each jurisdiction must take into account the values and
objectives of the criminal justice system which they wish to promote. The
common law is infused with common or universal values which are applicable in
all common law jurisdictions, but, in the field of criminal law, national
values on law and order may differ not only in type, but also in intensity of
adherence.

**_Admissibility of entrapment evidence in prosecutions and disciplinary
proceedings_**

59 First, we accept the Law Society’s arguments on this issue, _ie_ , that the
law governing entrapment evidence (whether private or state-sponsored
entrapment) in criminal proceedings has no application to disciplinary
proceedings. The Court of Appeal in _Rayney Wong CA_ also reached the same
conclusion on the ground that primacy must be given to the legal profession’s
ethical and professional code of conduct over any illegal or improper conduct
of a member of that profession in procuring evidence to uphold the values of
that code. The appropriate remedy in such cases is neither to exclude the
evidence nor to stay the proceedings. The proper approach, where appropriate,
is to subject the procurer to the same standards of conduct under the
disciplinary code and also the law.

**_Nature of entrapment and general principles_**

60 Notwithstanding our conclusion in the preceding paragraph, we consider it
useful to provide some guidance on the law governing entrapment evidence in
criminal proceedings. We first consider the nature of entrapment and some
applicable general principles.

_What is entrapment?_

61 In _R v Sloane_ (1990) 49 A Crim R 270 at 272–273, Gleeson CJ (then of New
South Wales) characterised the nature of entrapment as follows:

[W]hatever its precise effect may be, the concept of entrapment involves as a
necessary element the idea that an accused person has been induced to commit a
crime which he or she otherwise would not have committed or would have been
unlikely to commit …

Although this is a neat encapsulation of the concept of entrapment, its
application to the particular facts of a case is problematic because the word
“induced” is imprecise and the circumstances in which the defendant may be
said to have been “unlikely” to commit the offence but for the inducement are
also uncertain. In _Ridgeway_ ([44] _supra_), Gaudron J similarly provided a
concise description of what she regarded as entrapment in these words (at
76–77):

It may be convenient to refer to cases involving offences committed as a
result of the illegal acts of law enforcement agents as “entrapment”, but the
critical consideration, in my view, is whether the offence results from the
criminal acts of law enforcement agents or those acting on their behalf.

In our respectful view, the word “results” is also too imprecise. Not every
act of inducement amounts to entrapment, but a general guide as to when
inducement constitutes entrapment would be the answer to the question (to
paraphrase Lord Hoffmann’s words in _Looseley_ at [55]): Would the defendant
have committed the offence if the _agent provocateur_ had behaved like an
ordinary member of the public?

62 In _Nottingham City Council v Amin_ [2000] 1 WLR 1071 (“ _Nottingham_ ”),
Lord Bingham of Cornhill CJ attempted to elaborate on what constitutes
entrapment in these words (at 1076–1077):

On the one hand it has been recognised as deeply offensive to ordinary notions
of fairness if a defendant were to be convicted and punished for committing a
crime which he only committed because he had been _incited_ , _instigated_ ,
_persuaded_ , _pressurised or wheedled into committing_ it by a law
enforcement officer. On the other hand, it has been recognised that law
enforcement agencies have a general duty to the public to enforce the law and
it has been regarded as unobjectionable if a law enforcement officer gives a
defendant an opportunity to break the law, of which the defendant freely takes
advantage, in circumstances where it appears that the defendant would have
behaved in the same way if the opportunity had been offered by anyone else.
[emphasis added]

63 However, in _Looseley_ , Lord Nicholls observed (at [2]), in relation to
the acts described by Lord Bingham CJ in _Nottingham_ , as follows (with which
all the other law lords agreed):

The difficulty lies in identifying conduct which is caught by such imprecise
words as “lure” or “incite” or “entice” or “instigate”. If police officers
acted only as detectives and passive observers, there would be little problem
in identifying the boundary between permissible and impermissible police
conduct. But that would not be a satisfactory place for the boundary line.
Detection and prosecution of consensual crimes committed in private would be
extremely difficult. Trafficking in drugs is one instance. With such crimes
there is usually no victim to report the matter to the police. And sometimes
victims or witnesses are unwilling to give evidence.

Lord Nicholls then considered the question of when the defendant may be said
to have been given the opportunity to commit the offence, as opposed to being
incited to commit it. He said at [23]–[25]:

[A] useful guide is to consider whether the police did no more than present
the defendant with an unexceptional opportunity to commit a crime. I emphasise
the word “unexceptional”. The yardstick for the purpose of this test is, in
general, whether the police conduct preceding the commission of the offence
was no more than might have been expected from others in the circumstances.
Police conduct of this nature is not to be regarded as inciting or instigating
crime, or luring a person into committing a crime. The police did no more than
others could be expected to do. The police did not create crime artificially.
McHugh J had this approach in mind in _Ridgeway v The Queen_ 184 CLR 19, 92,
when he said:

“The state can justify the use of entrapment techniques to induce the
commission of an offence only when the inducement is consistent with the
ordinary temptations and stratagems that are likely to be encountered in the
course of criminal activity. That may mean that some degree of deception,
importunity and even threats on the part of the authorities may be acceptable.
But once the state goes beyond the ordinary, it is likely to increase the
incidence of crime by artificial means.”

This is by no means the only factor to be taken into account when assessing
the propriety of police conduct. The investigatory technique of providing an
opportunity to commit a crime touches upon other sensitive areas. Of its
nature this technique is intrusive, to a greater or lesser degree, depending
on the facts. It should not be applied in a random fashion, and used for
wholesale “virtue-testing”, without good reason. The greater the degree of
intrusiveness, the closer will the court scrutinise the reason for using it.
On this, proportionality has a role to play.

_Ultimately the overall consideration is always whether the conduct of the
police or other law enforcement agency was so seriously improper as to bring
the administration of justice into disrepute._ Lord Steyn’s formulation of a
prosecution which would affront the public conscience is substantially to the
same effect: see _R v Latif_ [1996] 1 WLR 104, 112. So is Lord Bingham of
Cornhill CJ’s reference to conviction and punishment which would be deeply
offensive to ordinary notions of fairness: see [_Nottingham_ at 1076]. In
applying these formulations the court has regard to all the circumstances of
the case.

[emphasis added]

Lord Nicholls then proceeded to categorise the relevant “circumstances of the
case” into the following categories: (a) the nature of the offence; (b) the
reason for the particular police operation; (c) the nature and extent of
police participation in the crime; and (d) the defendant’s criminal record.

64 Lord Hoffmann, in his speech in _Looseley_ , said (at [48]):

The theme which runs through all discussions of the subject is that the state
should not instigate the commission of criminal offences in order to punish
them. But what counts for this purpose as instigation? An examination of the
authorities demonstrates … that one cannot isolate any single factor or devise
any formula that will always produce the correct answer. One can certainly
identify a cluster of relevant factors but in the end their relative weight
and importance depends upon the particular facts of the case.

He likewise provided a list of the factors which he considered to be relevant
in determining whether the conduct of undercover officers had caused the
defendant to commit the offence, as opposed to giving him the opportunity to
do so, such as (a) causing and providing an opportunity for the commission of
the offence; (b) reasonable suspicion of crime and proper supervision of crime
detection activities; (c) the nature of the offence; (d) the defendant’s
predisposition to commit the offence; and (e) active and passive conduct on
the part of law enforcement officers. Having considered the possible
definitions of entrapment, it would be helpful at this point to explain
certain general principles in relation to entrapment.

_Not every instance of unlawful police conduct is an abuse of power_

65 First, and it is important to bear this in mind, the English courts do not
consider every unlawful act committed by a law enforcement officer in the
course of obtaining evidence of the commission of an offence by the defendant
as an abuse of power. It is just one factor that is brought into the balance.
In relation to Lord Bingham CJ’s observations in _Nottingham_ (as set out at
[62] above), Lord Hoffmann had this to say in _Looseley_ (at [70]):

Likewise it seems to me that, when Lord Bingham CJ in _Nottingham_ _City
Council v Amin_ [2000] 1 WLR 1071, 1076–1077 said that the accused should not
be “incited, instigated, persuaded, pressurised or wheedled” into committing
the offence, he was not intending each of those verbs to be given a
disjunctive and technical meaning. He was intending to evoke a more general
concept of conduct which causes the defendant to commit the offence as opposed
to giving him an opportunity to do so. No doubt a test purchaser who asks
someone to sell him a drug is counselling and procuring, perhaps inciting, the
commission of an offence. Furthermore, he has no statutory defence to a
prosecution. _But the fact that his actions are technically unlawful is not
regarded in English law as a ground for treating them as an abuse of power_
... [emphasis added]

In _Looseley_ , Lord Hutton expressed the same idea in his speech as follows
(at [102]):

In considering the distinction (broadly stated) between a person being lured
by a police officer into committing an offence so that it will be right to
stay a prosecution and a person freely taking advantage of an opportunity to
commit an offence presented to him by the officer, it is necessary to have in
mind that a drugs dealer will not voluntarily offer drugs to a stranger,
unless the stranger first makes an approach to him, and the stranger may need
to persist in his request for drugs before they are supplied. _Therefore, in
my opinion, a request for drugs, even if it be persistent, need not be
regarded as luring the drugs dealer into committing a crime with the
consequence that a prosecution against him should be stayed_. If a prosecution
were not permitted in such circumstances the combating of the illegal sale of
drugs would be severely impeded, and I do not consider that the integrity of
the criminal justice system would be impaired by permitting a prosecution to
take place. In my opinion a prosecution should not be stayed where a police
officer has used an inducement which (in the words of McHugh J in _Ridgeway v
The Queen_ 184 CLR 19, 92) “is consistent with the ordinary temptations and
stratagems that are likely to be encountered in the course of criminal
activity”. [emphasis added]

It can be seen from this passage that Lord Hutton would not regard even a
persistent request for drugs as amounting to entrapment.

66 In _Ridgeway_ , McHugh J expressed a similar view when he suggested that
the prosecution of an offence brought about by the unlawful conduct by law
enforcement officials going beyond giving the defendant an opportunity to
commit the offence did not necessarily bring the administration of justice
into disrepute. Such prosecution would, therefore, not amount to an abuse of
process. He said (at 90–91):

The rationale of the jurisdiction to stay such prosecutions [_ie_ ,
prosecutions based on evidence of an offence which was induced by or the
result of law enforcement officers’ misconduct] is that the administration of
justice is brought into disrepute when the courts allow their procedures to be
used to prosecute crimes that have been artificially created by law
enforcement authorities. Consistently with that rationale, I do not think that
a prosecution should be stayed merely because the law enforcement authorities,
while having a reasonable suspicion or acting in the course of a bona fide
investigation, have done more than provide an opportunity for the commission
of the offence. In such a case, the predisposition of the accused to commit
the crime in question must be relevant. While the conduct of the authorities
is clearly of great importance, its effect on the accused’s inclination to
commit criminal offences is of equal importance. The supervision of police
conduct is not by itself a function of the courts of justice. Such conduct
becomes the concern of the courts only when it impinges upon the
administration of justice. _And I do not think that the administration of
justice is always brought into disrepute when the accused is induced to commit
a crime by conduct that goes beyond the provision of an opportunity to commit
the crime. Thus, I do not think that the administration of justice is
necessarily brought into disrepute by the prosecution of a wary drug dealer
who has been importuned or deceived into selling drugs to an undercover
agent_. [emphasis added]

67 The observations which we have quoted above show that judges in England and
some judges in Australia are fully apprised of the need to allow the police
leeway in combating serious crime and to avoid characterising every unlawful
act in law enforcement as entrapment, thereby transmuting it into an abuse of
power. McHugh J drew the line at the point where illegal police action
impinged on the administration of justice (see [66] above]. When and in what
circumstances the line is crossed is considered below in the section on
competing public interests and policies. It may be noted that in _Looseley_
itself, the House of Lords held that the conduct of the police in relation to
the accused, Looseley, did not constitute entrapment because they had done no
more than give Looseley (who was described at [113] as “steeped in the drug
culture”) an opportunity to sell the drugs to the undercover police officer.
In contrast, with respect to the other case referred by the Attorney General
to the law lords in _Looseley_ , it was held that the accused had been
instigated by the police to supply heroin to them by inducements (_viz_ ,
supplying him with cheap cigarettes so that he would do “a favour for a
favour”: see Lord Hutton in _Looseley_ at [116]).

68 Thus, as will be seen, whether unlawful conduct by state agents in the
pursuit of criminals is an abuse of power is ultimately a question of
determining which competing interest serves the public welfare more, _ie_ ,
convicting and punishing the guilty on the one hand, or protecting the
integrity of the judicial process (by not allowing such conduct by state
agents to bring the administration of justice into disrepute) on the other. It
is, in truth, a balancing of relative interests and values, and, therefore,
_dicta_ in some cases that “the ends cannot justify the means” or that
“ignoble means cannot justify noble ends” should be read in this light. But,
it is also clear from the speeches in _Looseley_ that once the court considers
unlawful police conduct as having crossed the line into the sphere of
impropriety and unacceptability constituting “an affront to the conscience of
the public” (_per_ Lord Hoffmann in _Looseley_ at [41], quoting from Lord
Steyn’s judgment in _Latif_ ([44] _supra_) at 112), it is entrapment and an
abuse of process requiring the resulting prosecution to be stayed.

_Entrapment not a defence_

69 Secondly, it is an established principle that, at common law, a person who
commits an offence cannot plead inducement as a defence. The rationale of this
principle was explained in _Sang_ ([44] _supra_), where Lord Diplock said (at
432):

Many crimes are committed by one person at the instigation of others. From
earliest times at common law those who counsel and procure the commission of
the offence by the person by whom the actus reus itself is done have been
guilty themselves of an offence, and since the abolition by the Criminal Law
Act 1967 of the distinction between felonies and misdemeanours, can be tried,
indicted and punished as principal offenders. The fact that the counsellor and
procurer is a policeman or a police informer, although it may be of relevance
in mitigation of penalty for the offence, cannot affect the guilt of the
principal offender; both the physical element (actus reus) and the mental
element (mens rea) of the offence with which he is charged are present in his
case.

... [T]his being the substantive law upon the matter, the suggestion that it
can be evaded by the procedural device of preventing the prosecution from
adducing evidence of the commission of the offence does not bear examination.

Lord Salmon put the point more concisely when he said at 443 _:_

A man who intends to commit a crime and actually commits it is guilty of the
offence whether or not he has been persuaded or induced to commit it, no
matter by whom.

This principle applies equally to law enforcement officers who break the law
in the course of their duties to uncover criminal activities. They do so at
their own risk as it is a fundamental principle of our legal system that an
offender cannot plead the defence of superior orders.

70 The principle that entrapment is not a substantive defence has been
accepted throughout common law jurisdictions, except in the US, where the US
Supreme Court has read an implied intention in criminal statutes to that
effect. The Australian High Court accepted the principle in _Bunning v Cross_
([42] _supra_) and _Ridgeway._ The Supreme Court of Canada accepted it in
_Mack_ ([56] _supra_)_._ In Singapore, the Court of Appeal accepted it in _How
Poh Sun_ ([56] _supra_)_._ The House of Lords in _Looseley_ affirmed it to be
the law in England, but, for reasons which are elaborated in the speeches of
the law lords, it decided to outflank this principle by invoking the recently
developed jurisdiction of the courts to stay proceedings which constitute an
abuse of process: see below at [81]. We will examine the reasons why the House
of Lords in _Looseley_ declined to follow _Sang_ and held that the prosecution
of an accused on the basis of entrapment evidence would amount to an abuse of
process in England, after we consider the policy considerations for and
against the use of entrapment or illegally obtained evidence to convict an
accused of the charged offence.

**_Use of entrapment evidence – competing interests_**

71 As we have seen, entrapment involves an _agent provocateur_ instigating or
luring the defendant to commit an offence which he might otherwise not have
committed. In instigating the offence, the instigator would also have
committed the offence of abetment, unless the latter offence has been
statutorily abrogated. If the instigation is done by a state agent, it gives
rise to a conflict between two public interests or “two competing requirements
of public policy” (_per_ Stephen and Aickin JJ in _Bunning v Cross_ at 74). On
the one hand, it is in the public interest that a wrongdoer should be
convicted and punished; on the other hand, the court should not be seen to
lend its approval to unlawful conduct by the State in obtaining evidence for
the purpose of prosecuting citizens for breaking the law. Entrapment,
therefore, creates a dilemma for the courts, which has been described by Lord
Steyn in _Latif_ (at 112) as follows:

If the court always refuses to stay such proceedings, the perception will be
that the court condones criminal conduct and malpractice by law enforcement
agencies. That would undermine public confidence in the criminal justice
system and bring it into disrepute. On the other hand, if the court were
always to stay proceedings in such cases, it would incur the reproach that it
is failing to protect the public from serious crime.

See also the extract from Lord Bingham CJ’s judgment in _Nottingham_ ([62]
_supra_) at 1076–1077, which we have set out at [62] above.

72 Similarly, in the article “Re-drawing the Boundaries of Entrapment” (2002)
Crim L Rev 161 (which Rajah J quoted in _Rayney Wong HC_ ([18] _supra_) at
[52]), Prof Andrew Ashworth set the issue in the context of human rights and
the rule of law. He wrote (at 163):

Its essence [_ie_ , the essence of the “judicial integrity” rationale] is that
it would compromise the integrity of the courts if they were to act on the
fruits of manifestly unacceptable practices by law enforcement officers; or,
to put it another way, that criminal justice would lose its moral authority if
courts did not insist that those who enforce the law should also obey the law.
It is therefore, at root, a principle of consistency – that it would be
inconsistent for the courts, as guardians of human rights and the rule of law,
to act on evidence obtained by methods which violate human rights and/or the
rule of law.

_Comparison of English and Australian approaches_

73 How have the English and the Australian courts attempted to resolve the
competing interests stated above? In England, Lord Steyn in _Latif_ , after
stating the dilemma of the courts (as quoted above at [71]), said (at
112–113):

The weaknesses of both extreme positions leave only one principled solution.
The court has a discretion: it has to perform a balancing exercise. … [T]he
judge must weigh in the balance the public interest in ensuring that those
that are charged with grave crimes should be tried and the competing public
interest in not conveying the impression that the court will adopt the
approach that the end justifies any means.

Similarly, in _Looseley_ , Lord Hutton said (at [100]–[101]):

[T]he approach taken by the English cases is that it is necessary to balance
the competing requirements that those who commit crimes should be convicted
and punished and that _there should not be an abuse of process_ which would
constitute an affront to the public conscience. In carrying out this balancing
exercise it will be necessary for the court _in each individual case_ to take
into account a number of factors. …

In balancing the relevant factors the English courts have placed particular
emphasis on the need to consider whether a person has been persuaded or
pressurised by a law enforcement officer into committing a crime which he
would not otherwise have committed, or whether the officer did not go beyond
giving the person an opportunity to break the law, when he would have behaved
in the same way if some other person had offered him the opportunity to commit
a similar crime, and when he freely took advantage of the opportunity
presented to him by the officer.

[emphasis added]

74 In Australia, the High Court (by a majority of five to two) applied
_Bunning v Cross_ in _Ridgeway_ and held that the law recognised a discretion
to exclude, on public policy grounds, evidence of an offence or an element of
an offence in circumstances where the commission of that offence had been
brought about by unlawful conduct on the part of law enforcement officers.
However, the discretion was exercisable only after a balancing exercise to
determine two competing interests, _viz_ , the need to convict and punish the
guilty on the one hand, and the importance of not giving curial approval or
encouragement to the unlawful conduct of those whose task it was to enforce
the law on the other hand. This public policy discretion was well stated by
McHugh J in _Ridgeway_ (in his dissenting judgment) as follows (at 82–83):

A trial judge has a discretion to exclude evidence obtained by unlawful or
improper means irrespective of whether the admission of the evidence would be
unfair to the accused. The discretion to exclude such evidence is grounded in
public policy. The trial judge must weigh two aspects of the public interest.
First, the judge must weigh the admission of the evidence against the public
interest in convicting those who break the law in question. Second, the judge
must weigh the admission of the evidence against the public interest in
ensuring that public confidence in the justice system is not undermined by the
perception that the courts of law condone or encourage unlawful or improper
conduct on the part of those who have the duty to enforce the law. Ultimately,
the judge must determine whether the public interest will be advanced or
impaired by admitting the evidence. Any unfairness to the accused in admitting
such evidence is a factor which is relevant to the exercise of the discretion,
but it is only a factor which might tilt the balance in a close case.
Ordinarily, questions concerning unfairness to the accused in admitting
evidence are dealt with under the general discretion of a judge in a criminal
trial to exclude evidence whose probative value is outweighed by its prejudice
to the accused’s defence.

75 It may be observed from the passages quoted above that _Looseley_ and
_Ridgeway_ have adopted slightly different approaches in determining which
competing interest should prevail in a particular case. In _Looseley_ , their
Lordships were more concerned about identifying the kind of unlawful police
conduct that would be considered as amounting to entrapment – _ie_ , going
beyond giving an opportunity to the defendant to commit the offence – taking
into account various factors, including the nature of the offence and the
predisposition of the defendant. The law lords took the view that police
conduct which was held to have crossed the line of acceptability amounted to
entrapment, and that using entrapment evidence to prosecute the defendant was
an affront to the conscience of the public (which would bring the
administration of justice into disrepute) and, thus, an abuse of process. In
Australia, on the other hand, the High Court in _Ridgeway_ (by a majority) was
concerned with identifying the kind of unlawful conduct (including entrapment)
that would justify the court in excluding the evidence under the _Bunning v
Cross_ discretion. In contrast, the minority (Gaudron and McHugh JJ) held that
the policy ground for excluding evidence recognised in _Bunning v Cross_ was
not applicable to state entrapment as the policy considerations were
different. In state entrapment, the administration of justice was brought into
disrepute. It was the function of the State to protect its citizens from
crime, and thus, it was contrary to the function of the State to engage in
conduct that increased the incidence of crime in the community. On this basis,
Gaudron and McHugh JJ held that state entrapment was an abuse of process. It
would conduce towards clarity if we examine these approaches in greater
detail.

_English approach_

(1) Prosecution founded on state entrapment is an abuse of process – rationale

76 We turn first to the English approach. Under _Sang,_ the general principle
is that all relevant evidence – including entrapment evidence – is admissible
unless its prejudicial effect outweighs its probative value. This includes
entrapment evidence. The courts are not concerned with how the evidence is
obtained as it is not for the courts to discipline the police. In _Sang_ ,
Lord Diplock emphatically rejected (at 432) any suggestion that the principle
that entrapment was not a defence could be “evaded by the procedural device of
preventing the prosecution from adducing evidence of the commission of the
offence”. After examining the history of the criminal trial in England, Lord
Diplock stated (at 436) that Lord Goddard’s statement in _Kuruma, son of Kaniu
v The Queen_ [1955] AC 197 (“ _Kuruma_ ”) at 204 (_viz_ , that “in a criminal
case the judge always has a discretion to disallow evidence if the strict
rules of admissibility would operate unfairly against an accused”) had been
misunderstood:

That statement was not … ever intended to acknowledge the existence of any
wider discretion than to exclude (1) admissible evidence which would probably
have a prejudicial influence upon the minds of the jury that would be out of
proportion to its true evidential value; and (2) evidence tantamount to a
self-incriminatory admission which was obtained from the defendant, _after the
offence had been committed_ , by means which would justify a judge in
excluding an actual confession which had the like self-incriminating effect.
[emphasis added]

Leaving aside the issue of self-incriminatory statements, Lord Diplock
clarified at 436 that:

[T]he function of the judge at a criminal trial as respects the admission of
evidence is to ensure that the accused has a fair trial according to law. It
is no part of a judge’s function to exercise disciplinary powers over the
police or prosecution as respects the way in which evidence to be used at the
trial is obtained by them. If it was obtained illegally there will be a remedy
in civil law; if it was obtained legally but in breach of the rules of conduct
for the police, this is a matter for the appropriate disciplinary authority to
deal with. What the judge at the trial is concerned with is not how the
evidence sought to be adduced by the prosecution has been obtained, but with
how it is used by the prosecution at the trial.

Lord Diplock continued (at 436–437):

A fair trial according to law involves [_sic_] … that the case against the
accused should be proved … beyond all reasonable doubt upon evidence that is
admissible in law; … that there should be excluded from the [trial]
information about the accused which is likely to … [be] prejudicial to the
accused … out of proportion to the true probative value of admissible evidence
conveying that information. If these conditions are fulfilled … the
requirement that the accused should have a fair trial according to law is, in
my view, satisfied; for the fairness of a trial according to law is not all
one-sided; it requires that those who are undoubtedly guilty should be
convicted as well as that those about whose guilt there is any reasonable
doubt should be acquitted. However much the judge may dislike the way in which
a particular piece of evidence was obtained before proceedings were commenced,
if it is admissible evidence probative of the accused’s guilt it is no part of
his judicial function to exclude it for this reason.

77 In concluding his judgment, Lord Diplock stated the law as follows at 437
(in giving his answer to the question referred to the House of Lords for
consideration (“the certified question”)):

(1) A trial judge in a criminal trial has always a discretion to refuse to
admit evidence if in his opinion its prejudicial effect outweighs its
probative value. (2) Save with regard to admissions and confessions and
generally with regard to evidence obtained from the accused after commission
of the offence, he has no discretion to refuse to admit relevant admissible
evidence on the ground that it was obtained by improper or unfair means. The
court is not concerned with how [such evidence] was obtained. It is no ground
for the exercise of discretion to exclude … evidence … obtained as the result
of the activities of an agent provocateur.

78 Viscount Dilhorne, in his judgment in _Sang_ , agreed that as regards
illegally or improperly obtained evidence, it could not be said that such
evidence, in addition to its probative value, had so prejudicial an effect as
to render the trial unfair to the accused if it was admitted. His Lordship
went on to state (at 441):

In _Kuruma_ v. _The Queen_ [1955] A.C. 197 evidence was not held to be
inadmissible because it was illegally obtained. Evidence so obtained must
surely be regarded as unfairly obtained. Evidence may be obtained unfairly
though not illegally but it is not the manner in which it has been obtained
but its use at the trial if accompanied by prejudicial effects outweighing its
probative value and so rendering the trial unfair to the accused which will
justify the exercise of judicial discretion to exclude it.

79 Lord Scarman made this point very clearly in his judgment in _Sang_ when he
said at 454–455:

Authority, therefore, strongly suggests that the discretion is based upon, and
is co-extensive with, the judge’s duty to ensure that the accused has a fair
trial according to law. The two faces of the law reveal the nature and limits
of this duty. The accused is to be tried according to law. The law, not the
judge’s discretion, determines what is admissible evidence. … It is the law
that, subject to certain recognised exceptions, evidence which is relevant is
admissible. … The judge may not use his discretion to prevent a prosecution
being brought merely because he disapproves of the way in which legally
admissible evidence has been obtained. …

… The role of the judge is confined to the forensic process. He controls
neither the police nor the prosecuting authority. He neither initiates nor
stifles a prosecution. _Save in the very rare situation, which is not this
case, of an abuse of the process of the court (against which every court is in
duty bound to protect itself), the judge is concerned only with the conduct of
the trial_. … The judge’s control of the criminal process begins and ends with
trial, though his influence may extend beyond its beginning and conclusion. It
follows that the prosecution has rights, which the judge may not override. The
right to prosecute and the right to lead admissible evidence in support of its
case are not subject to judicial control. Of course when the prosecutor
reaches court, he becomes subject to the directions as to the conduct of the
trial by the judge, whose duty it then is to see that the accused has a fair
trial according to law.

What does “fair” mean in this context? It relates to the process of trial. No
man is to be compelled to incriminate himself; nemo tenetur se ipsum prodere.
No man is to be convicted save upon the probative effect of legally admissible
evidence. No admission or confession is to be received in evidence unless
voluntary. If legally admissible evidence be tendered which endangers these
principles … the judge may exercise his discretion to exclude it, thus
ensuring that the accused has the benefit of principles which exist in the law
to secure him a fair trial; but he has no power to exclude admissible evidence
of the commission of a crime, unless in his judgment these principles are
endangered.

[emphasis added]

80 Before we leave _Sang_ , we should also refer to Lord Salmon’s views on the
defence of entrapment. He said, at 443:

I would now refer to what is, I believe, and hope, the unusual case, in which
a dishonest policeman, anxious to improve his detection record, tries very
hard with the help of an agent provocateur to induce a young man with no
criminal tendencies to commit a serious crime; and ultimately the young man
reluctantly succumbs to the inducement. _In such a case, the judge has no
discretion to exclude the evidence which proves that the young man has
committed the offence_. He may, however, according to the circumstances of the
case, impose a mild punishment upon him or even give him an absolute or
conditional discharge … The policeman and the informer who had acted together
in inciting him to commit the crime should however both be prosecuted and
suitably punished. This would be a far safer and more effective way of
preventing such inducements to commit crimes from being made, than a rule that
no evidence should be allowed to prove that the crime in fact had been
committed. [emphasis added]

It is clear from this passage that Lord Salmon was also of the view that the
notion of fairness, which would allow the judge to exclude prejudicial
evidence, did not extend to the exclusion of illegally obtained evidence that
was probative of the accused’s guilt.

81 However, in _Looseley_ , the House of Lords considered entrapment by state
agencies as an abuse of executive power and the use of such evidence to
prosecute the defendant as an abuse of process. Their Lordships were concerned
that if abuse of executive power in such situations were condoned by the
courts, it would bring the administration of justice into disrepute. The
courts, it was held, could not leave it to the Executive to discipline the
police should the latter abuse its power in the detection of crime. Lord
Nicholls endorsed (at [13] of _Looseley_) Lord Devlin’s statement in _Connelly
v Director of Public Prosecutions_ [1964] AC 1254 at 1354 as follows:

Are the courts to rely on the Executive to protect their process from abuse?
Have they not themselves an inescapable duty to secure fair treatment for
those who come or are brought before them? To questions of this sort there is
only one possible answer. The courts cannot contemplate for a moment the
transference to the Executive of the responsibility for seeing that the
process of law is not abused.

Hence, their Lordships unanimously departed from the approach in _Sang_ and
held that the court had the jurisdiction to stay any criminal proceedings
which amounted to an abuse of process. Their Lordships justified their
decision on the basis of four developments in the field of English criminal
law over the 20-year period since the decision in _Sang_ , namely:

(a) the enactment of s 78 of the 1984 Act (see [56] above), which reversed
_Sang_ by giving the court a power to exclude evidence on which the
Prosecution proposed to rely if, having regard to all the circumstances, the
court considered that the admission of such evidence would have so adverse an
effect on the fairness of the proceedings that the court ought not to admit
the evidence;

(b) the decisions in _Regina v Horseferry Road Magistrates’ Court, ex parte
Bennett_ [1994] 1 AC 42 and _Latif_ ([44] _supra_), where the House of Lords
held that the court had jurisdiction to stay criminal proceedings where there
had been a serious abuse of process;

(c) the enactment of the Human Rights Act 1998 (see [56] above), which made it
unlawful for the court, as a public authority, to act in a way which was
incompatible with a right protected by the European Convention for the
Protection of Human Rights and Fundamental Freedoms (4 November 1950), Eur TS
No 5 (entered into force 3 September 1953) (“the ECHR”); and

(d) the decision of the European Court of Human Rights in _Teixeira de Castro
v Portugal_ (1998) 28 EHRR 101, which held that the use of entrapment evidence
could render a trial unfair, thereby violating the right to a fair trial under
Art 6 of the ECHR.

(2) Stay of proceedings for abuse of process – rationale

82 In _Looseley_ , Lord Nicholls said at [16]:

Thus, although entrapment is not a substantive defence, English law has now
developed remedies in respect of entrapment: the court may stay the relevant
criminal proceedings, and the court may exclude evidence pursuant to section
78 [of the 1984 Act]. In these respects _R v Sang_ … has been overtaken. Of
these two remedies the grant of a stay, rather than the exclusion of evidence
at the trial, should normally be regarded as the appropriate response in a
case of entrapment. Exclusion of evidence from the trial will often have the
same result in practice as an order staying the proceedings. Without, for
instance, the evidence of the undercover police officers the prosecution will
often be unable to proceed. But this is not necessarily so. There may be real
evidence, or evidence of other witnesses. Exclusion of all the prosecution
evidence would, of course, dispose of any anomaly in this regard. But a
direction to this effect would really be a stay of the proceedings under
another name. Quite apart from these practical considerations, as a matter of
principle a stay of the proceedings, or of the relevant charges, is the more
appropriate form of remedy. _A prosecution founded on entrapment would be an
abuse of the court’s process. The court will not permit the prosecutorial arm
of the state to behave in this way_. [emphasis added]

83 It would seem from this passage that Lord Nicholls was prepared to stay
criminal proceedings where the law enforcement officers were guilty of
entrapment, even if the Prosecution had other independent untainted evidence
upon which to convict the defendant. If this is correct, Lord Nicholls was
prepared to give primacy to the Judiciary’s role in guarding against abuse of
executive power over its role in convicting the guilty. The above passage also
appears to negate his assertion (at [17]) that when ordering a stay and
refusing to let a prosecution continue, the court was not seeking to exercise
disciplinary powers over the police (although he did also admit in that same
paragraph that staying a prosecution might have this effect).

_Australian approach_

(1) Prosecution founded on state entrapment not an abuse of process –
rationale

84 In contrast, the Australian High Court in _Ridgeway_ ([44] _supra_) held
(by a majority of five to two) that a prosecution founded on entrapment
evidence was _not_ an abuse of process. (_Ridgeway_ was referred to in
_Looseley_ , but the House of Lords preferred the minority judges’ stance that
such a prosecution would be an abuse of process.) The majority in _Ridgeway_
reasoned that it was inappropriate to stay criminal proceedings based on
entrapment as an abuse of process, because using the court process to
prosecute a defendant who was guilty of a criminal offence could not be an
abuse of process. Mason CJ and Deane and Dawson JJ, in their majority joint
judgment (“the joint judgment”), said (at 40–41):

_Once it is concluded that our law knows no substantive defence of entrapment,
it seems to us to follow that the otherwise regular institution of proceedings
against a person who is guilty of a criminal offence for the genuine purpose
of obtaining conviction and punishment is not an abuse of process by reason
merely of the circumstance that the commission of the offence was procured by
illegal conduct on the part of the police or any other person._ To the
contrary, to institute and maintain proceedings in a competent criminal court
for that purpose is to use the process of that court for the very purpose for
which it was established. If the commission of the crime was procured by
illegal conduct on the part of another person, one would prima facie expect
that criminal proceedings would also be instituted against that person. If
that other person is a police or other government officer, a failure to
institute such criminal proceedings might be a relevant consideration
favouring the exercise of the discretion to exclude evidence of the illegally
procured crime or of an element thereof. Such a failure would not, however, of
itself convert the use of a criminal court’s process for the trial and
conviction of the person who committed the charged offence into an abuse of
that process.

Nonetheless, the appropriate ultimate relief in a case where the commission of
the charged offence has been procured by illegal police conduct may well be a
permanent stay of further proceedings. Ordinarily, the question whether
evidence of an offence or of an element of an offence should be excluded
pursuant to the discretion to exclude evidence on entrapment grounds should be
raised and determined in the course of a preliminary hearing. If, on such a
hearing, a ruling is made that evidence of the charged offence or of an
element of it should be so excluded, it will be apparent that it would be an
abuse of process for the Crown to proceed with the trial. The reason why that
is so is not that the commission of the charged offence was procured by
illegal conduct on the part of the police. It is that the proceedings will
necessarily fail with the consequence that a continuance of them would be
oppressive and vexatious. It is true that there is an appearance of
artificiality in the distinction between an exclusion of all evidence and a
stay of proceedings. There is, however, a significant distinction in principle
between staying criminal proceedings on the ground that the proceedings in
themselves constitute an abuse of process and staying further steps in the
proceedings on the ground that, due to the effect of evidentiary rulings made
in them, they must fail.

[emphasis added]

85 Brennan J, in a separate judgment, also held that the concept of abuse of
process had no application to a prosecution founded on entrapment evidence. He
said, at 46 of _Ridgeway_ :

The process of a court which has jurisdiction to try an offender for an
offence is not abused by the exercise of that jurisdiction for that purpose.
Therefore it is not an abuse of process to prosecute an offender who has been
induced to commit an offence in order to procure his conviction. In _Jago v
District Court (NSW)_ [(1989) 168 CLR 23 at 47–48], I said:

“An abuse of process occurs when the process of the court is put in motion for
a purpose which, in the eye of the law, it is not intended to serve or when
the process is incapable of serving the purpose it is intended to serve. The
purpose of criminal proceedings, generally speaking, is to hear and determine
finally whether the accused has engaged in conduct which amounts to an offence
and, on that account, is deserving of punishment. When criminal process is
used only for that purpose and is capable of serving that purpose, there is no
abuse of process ... When process is abused, the unfairness against which a
litigant is entitled to protection is his subjection to process which is not
intended to serve or which is not capable of serving its true purpose. But it
cannot be said that a trial is not capable of serving its true purpose when
some unfairness has been occasioned by circumstances outside the court’s
control unless it be said that an accused person’s liability to conviction is
discharged by such unfairness. That is a lofty aspiration but it is not the
law.”

86 In support of his reasoning, Brennan J also referred (at 48) to the
statement from a US decision, _Sorrells v United States_ 287 US 435 (1933) at
450, which he regarded as apposite to the duty of an Australian court
exercising its criminal jurisdiction:

Where [the] defendant has been duly indicted for an offense found to be within
the statute, and the proper authorities seek to proceed with the prosecution,
the court cannot refuse to try the case in the constitutional method because
it desires to let the defendant go free.

Brennan J then went on to say (at 48):

If there be jurisdiction to stay the prosecution of an offender, it must be on
some ground other than entrapment. It would be anomalous to deny a defence of
entrapment [and] yet admit a jurisdiction to grant a permanent stay of a
prosecution on the ground of entrapment. Such a jurisdiction would create a
discretionary power to try a case or to decline to try a case according to
whether the court “desires to let the defendant go free”. It follows that I
would respectfully decline to accept the approach taken in at least some
Australian courts that prosecution of an offender entrapped into the
commission of an offence is an abuse of process enlivening a judicial
discretion to stay the prosecution.

(2) Court has discretion to exclude entrapment evidence – rationale of
majority judgment

87 Following from the proposition that a prosecution based on evidence
obtained by state entrapment was not an abuse of process, the majority in
_Ridgeway_ held, applying its own decision in _Bunning v Cross_ ([42]
_supra_), that the appropriate remedy in such a case was to exclude the
entrapment evidence if, upon applying a balancing exercise, it was appropriate
to do so _._ In the joint judgment, the majority judges said (at 41–42):

_The critical question_ _was whether_ , in all the circumstances of the case,
the considerations of public policy favouring exclusion of the evidence of the
appellant’s offence, namely, _the public interest in maintaining the integrity
of the courts and of ensuring the observance of the law and minimum standards
of propriety by those entrusted with powers of law enforcement, outweighed the
obvious public interest in the conviction and punishment of the appellant_ of
and for the crime against s 233B(1)(c) of the [Customs] Act of which he was
guilty. [emphasis added]

88 The facts in _Ridgeway_ presented the court with a novel, if not unique,
situation where the preceding unlawful conduct of the Australian Federal
Police was not only designed to bring about the commission of the charged
offence, but was also an essential ingredient of the charged offence. In that
case, the accused (“R”) was convicted of an offence under s 233B(1)(c) of the
Australian Customs Act 1901 (Cth) for possession of “prohibited imports”
(_viz_ , heroin). The heroin had been imported unlawfully by C, an officer
from the Malaysian police’s anti-narcotics branch, as part of an operation
involving the “controlled importation” and delivery of heroin with the
specific aim of arresting R in possession of the drugs in Australia. R had
initiated and arranged the importation through L, an informer of the Malaysian
police. L bought the heroin in Malaysia and flew with C to Australia with the
heroin in C’s custody. C was able to clear customs with the heroin by special
arrangements made between the Australian Federal Police and the Australian
Customs authorities. Several days later, L and C met R to hand over the
heroin, whereupon R was arrested. At his trial, R contended that the trial
judge should exercise his discretion to exclude the evidence of the illegal
importation of heroin on the ground of public policy since the drugs had been
illegally imported into Australia. Alternatively, R argued that he had a
substantive defence of entrapment to the charges. Thirdly, he contended that
the prosecution was an abuse of process because of the illegal importation of
heroin and that the court ought to have permanently stayed the proceedings.

89 Five of the seven judges of the Australian High Court (Mason CJ and Deane,
Dawson, Brennan and Toohey JJ) held that while the prosecution of R for the
offence charged was not an abuse of process, evidence of the Australian
police’s unlawful conduct in importing the heroin should be excluded on public
policy grounds. The result of excluding the evidence of the “prohibited
imports” meant the Prosecution had no evidence to prove that R was in
possession of a prohibited import, which was an essential element of the
offence charged. Gaudron J, in a separate judgment, held that by illegally
importing the heroin, the Australian police had incited or participated in the
commission of the offence with which R was charged, and hence, the proceedings
were an abuse of process. McHugh J held on the facts that there had been no
entrapment as nothing that the Australian police did induced R to commit the
offence. R was the architect of the scheme of importation and went to
considerable lengths to carry it out.

90 The joint judgment also drew a distinction between two distinct but
overlapping categories of cases of unlawful conduct on the part of enforcement
officers, _ie_ : (a) where such conduct induced the defendant to commit the
offence; and (b) where such conduct itself created or constituted an essential
ingredient of the offence charged. _Ridgeway_ fell within both categories in
that the Australian police had imported the heroin unlawfully and had thereby
both committed the offence of importing prohibited imports as well as inducing
R to commit that offence. The joint judgment discussed the applicable “high
public policy” considerations (see the joint judgment at 31) in these words
(at 39):

The first category consists of cases in which the police conduct has induced
an accused person to commit the offence which he or she has committed. In that
category of case, the public interest in the conviction and punishment of
those guilty of crime is likely to prevail over other considerations except in
what we would hope to be the rare and exceptional case where the illegality or
impropriety of the police conduct is grave and either so calculated or so
entrenched that it is clear that considerations of public policy relating to
the administration of criminal justice require exclusion of the evidence. _The
other category of case is where illegal police conduct is itself the principal
offence to which the charged offence is ancillary or creates or itself
constitutes an essential ingredient of the charged offence._ An example of
that category is a case where a person is charged with receipt or possession
of stolen property in circumstances where not only the supply, but the actual
theft, of the stolen property had been organised by the police for the purpose
of obtaining the conviction of the person to whom it is supplied. _In that
category of case, the police illegality and the threat to the rule of law
which it involves assume a particularly malignant aspect._ Even in such a
case, if the police conduct is disowned by those in higher authority and
criminal proceedings have been instituted against the police as well as the
accused, it is unlikely that considerations of public policy relating to the
integrity of the administration of criminal justice would require the
exclusion of evidence either of the accused’s offence or of the particular
element of it created by the police illegality. If, however, the illegal
police conduct would appear to be condoned by those in higher authority and it
does not appear that criminal proceedings have been brought against the
police, those considerations of public policy will be so strong that an
extremely formidable case for exclusion will be raised. Indeed, if the courts
were prepared to allow curial advantage to be derived from the police
illegality in such circumstances, there could be no satisfactory answer to
Macrossan CJ’s rhetorical question [in _R v D’Arrigo_ [1994] 1 Qd R 603 at
605] “at what point would it ever be appropriate to demur and offer
objection?” [emphasis added]

91 The joint judgment (at 42–43) also explained the reasons why, on balancing
the relevant considerations, the majority decided to exclude evidence of the
illegal importation of the heroin:

In these circumstances, the above-mentioned factors – ie grave and calculated
police criminality; the creation of an actual element of the charged offence;
selective prosecution; absence of any real indication of official disapproval
or retribution; the achievement of the objective of the criminal conduct if
evidence be admitted – combine to make the case an extreme one in which the
considerations favouring rejection of evidence on public policy grounds are
extremely strong. Against those considerations, one must weigh the legitimate
public interest in the conviction and punishment of the appellant for the
criminal offence of which he is guilty. The weight of that consideration in
the present case is reduced by the fact that the appellant’s possession of the
heroin at the time he was apprehended constituted any one of a variety of
offences against the law of South Australia of which illegal importation was
not an element and which range from knowing possession of a prohibited
substance or drug of dependence … to possession of more than the prescribed
quantity of a prohibited substance or drug of dependence for the purpose of
sale or supply …

It follows that the learned trial judge should have ruled that all evidence
tending to show that the heroin supplied to the appellant had been, or was
reasonably suspected of having been, illegally imported should be rejected on
public policy grounds. The evidence so excluded should have included any
evidence from which any inference of illegal importation might be drawn (eg
that heroin is not produced in Australia). The result of that ruling would
have been that a necessary element of both the offence of which the appellant
was convicted and the alternative offence with which he was charged [namely,
being in possession of heroin “reasonably suspected” of having been imported
into Australia in contravention of the Customs Act 1901] could not have been
proved. Accordingly, further proceedings should have been stayed for the
reason that they would inevitably fail.

92 It is important to note that the two factors which the majority judgment
considered as particularly significant in tilting the balance in favour of
excluding the evidence of illegal importation were these: (a) R would still
have been subject to prosecution for other offences under state law which did
not involve the element of illegal importation; and (b) there had been
“selective prosecution” of R in that none of the police officers who imported
the heroin unlawfully were prosecuted or even reprimanded. In this connection,
it is pertinent to highlight an extract from the joint judgment at 39 which we
had set out earlier at [90]:

[I]f the police conduct is disowned by those in higher authority and criminal
proceedings have been instituted against the police as well as the accused, it
is unlikely that considerations of public policy relating to the integrity of
the administration of criminal justice would require the exclusion of evidence
either of the accused’s offence or of the particular element of it created by
the police illegality.

In other words, if the Prosecution in _Ridgeway_ had also charged the police
officers concerned, there would have been no public policy reason for
excluding evidence of the illegal importation of the heroin by the police. It
is important to bear this point in mind when considering the approach of the
High Court in _Summit_ ([18] _supra_) in excluding the illegally obtained
evidence (as found by the court) in that case.

(3) Court has discretion to stay proceedings – rationale of minority judgments

93 Gaudron and McHugh JJ, in separate minority judgments, held that entrapment
which brought the administration of justice into disrepute was an abuse of
process, and that, in such circumstances, a stay of prosecution was the
appropriate remedy. Gaudron J said (at 74–75):

The inherent powers of superior courts to prevent an abuse of process exist to
protect the courts and their proceedings, and to maintain public confidence in
the administration of justice. And the maintenance of public confidence in
that regard depends on ensuring that judicial proceedings serve the ends of
justice, not injustice.

The powers to prevent an abuse of process have traditionally been seen as
including a power to stay proceedings instituted for an improper purpose
[_Williams v Spautz_ (1992) 174 CLR 509], as well as proceedings that are
“frivolous, vexatious or oppressive” [see, eg, _Metropolitan Bank Ltd v
Pooley_ (1885) 10 App Cas 210]. This notwithstanding, there is no very precise
notion of what is vexatious or oppressive or what otherwise constitutes an
abuse of process. Indeed, the courts have resisted, and even warned against,
laying down hard and fast definitions in that regard [see, eg, _Oceanic Sun
Line Special Shipping Co Inc v_ Fay (1988) 165 CLR 197 at 242–243, 246–247,
and the cases there cited]. That is necessarily so. Abuse of process cannot be
restricted to “defined and closed categories” [_Hamilton v Oades_ (1989) 166
CLR 486 at 502, citing _Jackson v Sterling Industries Ltd_ (1987) 162 CLR 612
at 639 and _Tringali v Stewardson Stubbs & Collett Ltd_ (1966) 66 SR (NSW) 335
at 340, 344. See also _Jago v District Court_ _(NSW)_ (1989) 168 CLR 23 at
25–26, 47–48, 74; _Walton v Gardiner_ (1993) 177 CLR 378 at 393-395; _Rogers v
The Queen_ (1994) 68 ALJR 688 at 689, 706] because notions of justice and
injustice, as well as other considerations that bear on public confidence in
the administration of justice, must reflect contemporary values and, as well,
take account of the circumstances of the case [see _Dietrich v The Queen_
(1992) 177 CLR 292 at 328–329, 364]. That is not to say that the concept of
“abuse of process” is at large or, indeed, without meaning. As already
indicated, it extends to proceedings that are instituted for an improper
purpose [as to what constitutes improper purpose, see _Williams v Spautz_ at
526–530, 532–537, 553–556; see also at 543–551] and it is clear that it
extends to proceedings that are “seriously and unfairly burdensome,
prejudicial or damaging” [_Oceanic Sun Line Special Shipping Co Inc v Fay_ at
247] or “productive of serious and unjustified trouble and harassment”
[_Hamilton v Oades_ at 502].

94 It can be seen from the above passage that Gaudron J expanded the concept
of abuse of process in criminal proceedings by relying on decisions in civil
proceedings. However, she ultimately recognised that whether or not a
prosecution founded on entrapment evidence was an abuse of the criminal
process would depend on whether such a prosecution weakened public confidence
in the administration of justice. In _Ridgeway_ at 77–78, she said:

The prosecution of an offence which results from the illegal acts of law
enforcement agents is not vexatious or oppressive, in the sense that those
terms are generally understood. Nor is it properly described as a proceeding
the predominant purpose of which is improper, that being the accepted test
[for] whether proceedings have been brought for an improper purpose. That is
because, ordinarily, law enforcement agents will have acted, as they say they
did in this case, solely or mainly for the purpose of investigating or
detecting crime. Equally, prosecution authorities will ordinarily have acted,
as they also say they did in this case, solely or mainly for the purpose of
ensuring the prosecution of those who perpetrate crime. But those
considerations are beside the point _when the inevitable consequence of the
proceedings is to weaken public confidence in the administration of justice.
Proceedings of that kind are, on that account, an abuse of process_. And that
is so no matter the purpose or motive with which they are brought and no
matter that a fair trial is possible. [emphasis added]

95 McHugh J, in his dissenting judgment (which found favour with Lord Hutton
in _Looseley_ ([44] _supra_)), adopted a similar reasoning in holding that a
prosecution based on evidence obtained by state entrapment was an abuse of
process justifying a stay of the proceedings. He said (at 86–87):

When the commission of an offence is induced by or resulted from the
misconduct of law enforcement officials, the appropriate remedy is to stay any
prosecution of the offence. … [T]he administration of justice is brought into
disrepute when the Crown prosecutes a person for an offence that was induced
by or resulted from the misconduct of law enforcement officials. _Proceedings
that bring the administration of justice into disrepute are an abuse of
process_. And it is settled law that the courts have jurisdiction to stay
criminal proceedings on the ground that they are an abuse of process.

When crimes induced by or which result from the misconduct of public officials
bring the administration of justice into disrepute, the only effective
sanction against that misconduct, apart from prosecuting the officers
involved, is to grant a stay of the prosecution. And in my opinion the courts
of justice cannot leave the protection of their processes to the remedy of
prosecution.

[emphasis added]

Given that _Ridgeway_ was considered in _Looseley_ , it is not unreasonable to
conclude that the views of Gaudron and McHugh JJ had some, if not
considerable, influence on their Lordships’ decision in the latter case that
state entrapment was an abuse of power which justified a stay of a prosecution
founded on entrapment evidence.

(4) Rationale of majority judgment in excluding illegally obtained evidence in
Ridgeway

96 In _Ridgeway_ , the joint judgment referred specifically to two important
considerations which weigh against recognising a judicial discretion to reject
evidence of an offence procured by illegal conduct on the part of law
enforcement officers. These two considerations are particularly relevant in
the Singapore context. The first is the public interest in convicting the
guilty. The second is the separation of the judicial power and the executive
power (which includes the prosecutorial power). At 32 of the joint judgment,
the majority judges explained why they did not regard the latter factor as
antithetical to the recognition of a judicial discretion to exclude unlawfully
obtained evidence:

The first of those considerations is … the legitimate public interest in the
conviction of those guilty of crime. … The second of those considerations lies
in the separation, under our system of the administration of criminal justice,
of executive and judicial functions. The function of determining whether, in
the circumstances of a particular case, a criminal prosecution should be
initiated and maintained is essentially that of the Executive. The function of
hearing and determining the prosecution, when initiated and while maintained,
is that of the courts. Nonetheless, it has long been established that, once a
court is seized of criminal proceedings, it has control of them and may, in a
variety of circumstances, reject relevant and otherwise admissible evidence on
discretionary grounds or temporarily or permanently stay the overall
proceedings to prevent abuse of its process. One such discretion is the
discretion to exclude unlawfully procured evidence on public policy grounds.
That discretion is properly to be seen as an incident of the judicial powers
vested in the courts in relation to criminal matters. Neither its existence
nor its exercise involves any intrusion into the exclusive sphere of the
Executive. Nor, in our view, does the existence or exercise of a judicial
discretion to exclude, on public policy grounds, all evidence of an offence or
an element of an offence procured by unlawful conduct on the part of law
enforcement officers.

Nevertheless, in spite of the force of the reasons given in the joint judgment
for not excluding illegally obtained evidence in criminal proceedings, all the
judges in _Ridgeway_ eventually decided to exclude the evidence that the
heroin was a prohibited import, thereby making it impossible for the
Prosecution to prove that R had possession of “prohibited imports”. The
majority judges’ reasons for so deciding were based on a very narrow compass,
and this fact is again relevant in determining whether the basis on which the
High Court held that the evidence in _Summit_ should be excluded is correct.

**_Singapore courts’ approach to entrapment evidence_**

_No discretion to exclude entrapment evidence generally –_ Cheng Swee Tiang
_and_ How Poh Sun

97 With the English and the Australian approaches in mind, we now consider the
Singapore approach. The earliest reported decision on entrapment evidence in
Singapore is _Cheng Swee Tiang_ ([18] _supra_), which was a decision of the
High Court of three judges. In that case, a police officer was sent to the
appellant’s shop to obtain evidence that the appellant was assisting in
carrying on a “10,000 characters lottery” illegally. The officer went in and
asked to buy sugar. When told by the appellant that he was not selling sugar,
the police officer asked to buy some numbers in the “10,000 characters
lottery” and was thereupon sold $3 worth of such numbers. The police officer
then left the shop and informed his superior officer of what had taken place,
whereupon the latter raided the shop under the authority of a search warrant,
seized certain articles and cash and arrested the appellant. The appeal
against conviction was allowed after the Solicitor-General informed the court
that he was not seeking to support the conviction. The court, however, decided
to give its opinion on the point of law that was raised by the appellant as to
whether or not the evidence so obtained by the police was admissible in
evidence.

98 Wee Chong Jin CJ, in his judgment (with which Chua J concurred) held,
citing _Kuruma_ ([76] _supra_) and _Callis v Gunn_ [1964] 1 QB 495, that it
was undisputed law that while illegally obtained evidence was admissible if
relevant, there was a judicial discretion to disallow such evidence if its
reception would operate “unfairly” against the accused. As pointed out by
Rajah J in _Rayney Wong HC_ ([18] _supra_) at [51], Wee CJ did not elaborate
on what “unfairly” entailed in the context of a criminal trial, but he did
acknowledge the conflict between two important interests when considering the
question of admissibility of evidence so obtained, _viz_ (see _Cheng Swee
Tiang_ at 293):

On the one hand there is the interest of the individual to be protected from
illegal invasions of his liberties by the authorities and on the other hand
the interest of the State to secure that evidence bearing upon the commission
of crime and necessary to enable justice to be done shall not be withheld from
the courts on any merely technical ground.

99 However, in our view, the purport of this passage is obscure in the context
of the other passages before and immediately following it. Wee CJ’s statement
bears an uncanny resemblance to the balancing test expressed by Barwick CJ in
_The Queen v Ireland_ (1970) 126 CLR 321 at 335 as follows:

Whenever such unlawfulness or unfairness appears, the judge has a discretion
to reject the evidence. He must consider its exercise. In the exercise of it,
the competing public requirements must be considered and weighed against each
other. _On the one hand there is the public need to bring to conviction those
who commit criminal offences. On the other hand there is the public interest
in the protection of the individual from unlawful and unfair treatment_.
Convictions obtained by the aid of unlawful or unfair acts may be obtained at
too high a price. Hence the judicial discretion. [emphasis added]

Apart from referring to the two competing interests, Wee CJ did not say
whether the court was supposed to apply the balancing test in each case.
Immediately after making the statement quoted at [98] above, Wee CJ followed
up with these two statements (at 293):

While the courts have consistently and in no uncertain language criticised the
use of _agent provocateurs_ , whether they be law enforcement officers or not,
the courts have also consistently admitted evidence obtained by such persons
provided its admissibility does not operate unfairly against an accused.

It seems to me, both on principle and authority, that no absolute rule can be
formulated and the question is one depending on the circumstances of each
particular case.

These two statements seem to suggest that Wee CJ was only concerned with the
concept of unfairness as the sole basis for determining whether or not
evidence obtained by entrapment should be admissible. He gave no guidance as
to how the court should determine fairness in preferring one interest or the
other for the purpose of admitting or excluding such evidence.

100 In _Rayney Wong HC_ , Rajah J read these passages to mean that Wee CJ was
giving his approval to the application of a balancing test in order to
determine the admissibility of illegally obtained evidence. If this
interpretation is correct, then _Cheng Swee Tiang_ was not only departing from
_Kuruma_ in so far as that case endorsed the principle that evidence was
admissible if it was relevant “and the court [was] not concerned with how that
evidence was obtained” (_per_ Lord Goddard in _Kuruma_ at 203), but was also
in advance of its time in departing from _Sang_ ([44] _supra_) and in
anticipating the formulation of the balancing test subsequently adopted in
_Bunning v Cross_ ([42] _supra_). In any case, whatever Wee CJ had in mind is
now purely of historical interest as _Cheng Swee Tiang has_ been overtaken by
_Sang_ and _How Poh Sun_ ([56] _supra_). Nevertheless, _Cheng Swee Tiang_ is a
useful reminder that the Singapore courts have not, up to now, encountered a
case of entrapment (as defined in _Looseley_) whether before or after _Cheng
Swee Tiang_ , which itself was similarly not a case of entrapment.

101 In _How Poh Sun_ , the Court of Appeal, citing the relevant pronouncements
of Lord Diplock in _Sang_ (but not those of Wee CJ in _Cheng Swee Tiang_),
held that entrapment was not a defence to a criminal charge and that the law
in Singapore on the admissibility of illegally obtained evidence was as stated
in _Sang_. However, _How Poh Sun_ was not the first Singapore decision to
apply _Sang_. The latter had been applied earlier by the High Court in _Ajmer
Singh v PP_ [1986] SLR 454 (“ _Ajmer Singh_ ”). That was a case of illegally
obtained evidence where there was no entrapment. In that case, the government
doctor had taken a blood specimen from the accused without seeking his consent
(as the latter was in a drunken, albeit conscious, state at the material
time). The specimen showed an alcohol content well above the prescribed limit.
The accused was convicted for the offence of riding a scooter whilst under the
influence of alcohol. He appealed against his conviction on the ground that
the blood specimen was wrongly admitted in evidence. The court, applying
_Sang_ , held that the illegally obtained evidence was admissible as its
probative value far outweighed its prejudicial effect.

102 In _How Poh Sun_ , the appellant was arrested, charged with and convicted
of a capital drug trafficking charge following an operation set up by the
Central Narcotics Bureau using another offender (“Goh”) who was prepared to
co-operate with the narcotics police. Goh had contacted the appellant and told
him that a buyer wanted a large quantity of “goods” (_ie_ , heroin). The
would-be purchaser was a narcotics officer. The appellant canvassed the rather
unusual defence that his prosecution for a capital offence was unfair since,
if the narcotics police had raided his home (which address they had), they
would have found only the drugs in the flat and he would then have been
charged only with the lesser offence of unlawful possession of a smaller
quantity of heroin. The argument was rejected. The court held that entrapment
was not a defence under Singapore law. _How Poh Sun_ was a classic case of an
accused being given an opportunity to commit the offence, as opposed to being
instigated to commit the offence, as the appellant had gone to meet Goh for
the sole purpose of selling the drugs. It was not a case of entrapment. The
court referred to _Sang_ and approved Lord Diplock’s answer to the certified
question (see [77] above).

103 In _Goh Lai Wak_ , the accused alleged that he had been entrapped by a
state _agent provocateur_. The Court of Appeal reiterated what it had decided
in _How Poh Sun_. The court took the view that the nature of drug trafficking
required the use of undercover agents, and that it was not the role of the
court to sit in judgment on the manner in which the authorities carried out
their investigations. Similarly, in _Rozman_ ([56] _supra_), the Court of
Appeal held (at 328–329, [36]) that although the accused was mentally
subnormal, he had the necessary _mens rea_ to commit the offence of drug
trafficking, and therefore could not plead entrapment as a defence “however
active a role such _agent provocateur_ might have played in persuading [him]
to commit the offence” (at 328, [35]). This statement is entirely consistent
with the principle in _Sang_ that entrapment evidence is admissible, but it is
not clear whether the court found that there was entrapment on the facts of
that case. By way of contrast, the Court of Appeal in _Chan Chi Pun v PP_
[1994] 2 SLR 61 approved the decision in _Cheng Swee Tiang_ , although the
court held, on the facts, that the evidence that the accused had 16 slabs of
heroin concealed in a vest beneath his T-shirt had been lawfully obtained by
the customs officers as they had the authority to search him. _How Poh Sun_
was not cited and was therefore not considered. It is not surprising that none
of these cases considered entrapment as an abuse of process, as this doctrine
was not applied in _Ridgeway_ and only by the House of Lords in _Looseley_ in
2001. Nonetheless, the fact remains that the question of whether a prosecution
founded on evidence obtained by entrapment on the part of state agents was an
abuse of process was not considered in all these cases.

_Discretion to exclude entrapment evidence exceptionally –_ Summit

104 In _Summit_ , the High Court held that the court had a discretion to
exclude the evidence obtained by JC (the private investigator) of Summit CD’s
commission of copyright offences. In the present proceedings, the Law
Society’s stand on _Summit_ (as set out at [56] above) is that it applies only
to the retention of evidence illegally obtained through an invalid search
warrant and not to the admissibility of such evidence at trial, and that it
did not change the law as stated in _Sang_. The respondent’s submission, in
contrast, is that _Summit_ , in deciding that the court had a discretion to
exclude entrapment evidence on the facts of the case, did qualify the law as
stated in _Sang_ and _How Poh Sun_ , and that it was correctly decided in
principle and should be followed by this court.

105 We do not agree with the Law Society’s position with respect to the scope
of the principle of law stated in _Summit_. The _Summit_ exception (see [18]
above]) is not confined only to applications to set aside search warrants. It
establishes a general principle applicable to all prosecutions, whether public
or private. The proceedings in _Summit_ , although not a state prosecution,
were criminal in nature. They involved, _inter alia,_ a petition for criminal
revision brought by Summit CD and its parent company (“Summit Holdings”) to
set aside three search warrants issued under the Criminal Procedure Code (Cap
68, 1985 Rev Ed) in order to recover a large quantity of business records
seized under the warrants. This required Summit Holdings and Summit CD (“the
petitioners”) to show that BSA had obtained the warrants without any
reasonable cause for suspecting that there was in the petitioners’ premises
any article or document which infringed the copyright and trade marks of BSA’s
principals. The High Court held that two of the warrants were properly issued,
but the evidence supporting the third warrant (“the copyright warrant”) was so
tainted with illegality (and so malignant to the rule of law) that the
magistrate who issued the warrant should have rejected it. In our view, the
court would have employed the same reasoning if the same issue had been raised
in a criminal prosecution. Further, we do not agree that _Summit_ did not
depart from the law as stated in _Sang_. It clearly did, notwithstanding the
reading of _Summit_ which was adopted in _Amran bin Eusuff_ ([56] _supra_) at
[30]. For these reasons, it is necessary for us to examine the facts and
reasoning in _Summit_ to determine whether it was correctly decided, and
whether we should follow the _Summit_ exception and depart from _Sang_ and
_How Poh Sun_.

(1) The Summit exception reconsidered

106 In _Summit_ , the evidence relied upon by BSA in support of the copyright
warrant was obtained through the private investigator, JC. His employers had
been engaged by BSA to obtain evidence that the petitioners were engaging in
pirating master CDs containing copyright software belonging to BSA’s
principals. JC approached the assistant general manager of Summit Holdings
(“TSY”) and asked the latter to replicate the eight master CDs which he had
brought with him. Four of the CDs, which were purchased by JC from a shop,
were counterfeits containing software programmes belonging to BSA’s
principals. TSY agreed to do the job for $4,000. After BSA received from
Summit CD the eight replicates and the eight original CDs, BSA applied for and
obtained the search warrants. The High Court described JC’s evidence in
relation to the copyright warrant as follows (at [41]):

This was not the usual case of entrapment in the form of a trap purchase,
where a law enforcement officer who is out to trap a seller of counterfeit
products pretends to be a genuine purchaser and purchases a counterfeit
product. In such a case the illegality is only in relation to the means of
proof of the offence already committed. _What [JC] did here was to bring eight
counterfeit masters and ask the petitioners to replicate them_. The
petitioners did in fact replicate the masters and, on that basis, the
complaint was made that the petitioners were engaged in counterfeiting CDs.
_This was a clear case where the illegality preceded the crime and was
designed to bring about the commission of the crime_. Worse still, there was
no allegation that [TSY] was told by [JC] that the masters were counterfeit
and that he still chose to proceed to manufacture the masters. [emphasis
added]

On the basis of these findings, the court concluded that the case was
different from _Sang_. The court said, at [52] of its judgment:

… _Sang_ is distinguishable from the present case. There is a distinction
between the case where police conduct has merely induced the accused person to
commit the offence which he has committed (as in _Sang_) and the case where
the illegal police conduct itself constitutes an essential ingredient of the
charged offence. The present situation falls in the latter category, albeit
the illegal conduct is that of a private investigator rather than a law
enforcement officer. Such a distinction was drawn in the recent Australian
High Court decision in [_Ridgeway_] … Different tests apply for both. In the
former category, it is a case where the public interest in the conviction and
punishment of those guilty of crime is likely to prevail over other
considerations, and the exclusion of evidence would in fact undermine judicial
integrity in allowing such alleged offenders [to] get away. _In the latter
category, the illegality and the threat to the rule of law which it involves
assume a particularly malignant aspect_. If the petitioners are ultimately
charged with committing an offence under the Copyright Act and Trade Marks Act
for replicating the eight masters, not only were the counterfeit masters
supplied but the actual making of the counterfeit CDs had been organised by
the private investigator for the purpose of obtaining the conviction of the
person to whom they were supplied. In addition, there was no allegation that
[TSY], acting on behalf of Summit Holdings or Summit CD, actually knew that
the masters were infringing copies. There was no representation by [JC] to
that effect. It was regrettable that BSA as a reputable organisation could
sanction such conduct on the part of the private investigators. _The integrity
of the administration of criminal justice would require that such evidence be
excluded._ [emphasis added]

107 These two passages, when deconstructed, make the following findings: (a)
JC committed an offence in supplying eight (it was actually four, and not
eight as stated at [41] of _Summit_) counterfeit master CDs to TSY; (b) this
act was intended to bring about the offence of counterfeiting by Summit CD;
(c) Summit CD replicated the counterfeits and thereby infringed the copyright
in the programmes therein; (d) JC had thereby organised and orchestrated the
unlawful acts of Summit CD in replicating the counterfeit master CDs; (e)
Summit CD did not know that the master CDs were counterfeits; and (f)
admitting the evidence would undermine the integrity of the administration of
justice and threaten the rule of law.

108 It may be noted that _Ridgeway_ ([44] _supra_) was referred to at [52] of
_Summit_ , which explains the High Court’s reference to the concept of
judicial integrity and the finding in the case itself that JC’s unlawful
conduct preceded, was designed to bring about and brought about the charged
offence. This also explains why JC’s unlawful conduct was an essential
ingredient of the charged offence. Indeed, these were also the basic facts in
_Ridgeway_ : see [88] above. As the court in _Summit_ said (at [52]), “The
present situation falls in the latter category [_ie_ , as _per_ the facts in
_Ridgeway_].” However, a careful reading of the two passages at [41] and [52]
of _Summit_ shows that nowhere did the court identify or explain the offence
committed by JC which formed the basis of the holding in that case. For the
reasons which we set out below, _Summit_ is problematic in the following
respects:

(a) In respect of the finding that JC organised the actual replication of the
master CDs by Summit CD, the fact was that JC did not have to instigate,
persuade or cajole Summit CD to replicate the master CDs as the latter had
replicated them on a commercial basis in the ordinary course of its business.

(b) In respect of the finding that JC’s illegality preceded the charged
offence, the fact was that JC, in purchasing the original counterfeits from a
retailer, committed no offence in so doing; neither did he commit any offence
in getting Summit CD to replicate the counterfeit CDs as he did so with the
consent of BSA. Hence, there was no _relevant_ preceding offence prior to
Summit CD’s replication of the counterfeit master CDs. The preceding offences
were those committed by the retailer in selling the counterfeit CDs and by his
supplier in counterfeiting those CDs.

(c) In respect of the finding that Summit CD committed an offence in
replicating the counterfeit master CDs, there are two relevant issues here:
whether this was done with the knowledge of BSA and whether this was done with
the consent of BSA. Section 136(4) of the Copyright Act then in force (see
[45]) above) provided as follows:

A person who, at a time when copyright subsists in a work, makes or has in his
possession an article specifically designed or adapted for making copies of
the work that the person knows, or ought reasonably to know, is to be used for
making infringing copies of the work shall be guilty of an offence and shall
be liable on conviction to a fine not exceeding $20,000 for each [copy] in
respect of which the offence is committed or to imprisonment for a term not
exceeding 2 years or to both.

(i) The replication by Summit CD would only be an offence if it knew or ought
reasonably to have known that it was making an infringing copy. The finding in
_Summit_ (at [53]) was that:

At most, the evidence showed that the management of [the petitioners] was
reckless as to whether the CDs or the masters which they were asked to
replicate were actually infringing copies. … _It is one thing to say that one
is reckless or does not care whether he is reproducing infringing copies of
CD-ROMs, and it is another to say that he is engaged in the business of
counterfeiting CD-ROMs and therefore there must be a large number of
infringing products in the premises._ [emphasis added; see also [41] and [52]
of _Summit_].

It is not so clear that this was a finding that Summit CD knew or ought
reasonably to have known that it was replicating infringing copies.

(ii) The second ingredient of the offence is the absence of consent. The
expression “infringing copy” is defined in s 7(1)(_a_) of the Copyright Act as
follows:

“infringing copy” ... in relation to a work, means a reproduction of the work,
or of an adaptation of the work, … the making of which constituted an
infringement of the copyright in the work, …the making of which was carried
out _without the consent of the owner of the copyright_. [emphasis added]

The CDs replicated by Summit CD were not infringing copies since they were
made with the consent and at the request of BSA. The fact that the original
CDs were themselves counterfeits was irrelevant. Moreover, BSA, in buying the
counterfeit master CDs, had resumed ownership of the copyright programmes
before Summit CD replicated them. Summit CD had merely reproduced a work that
belonged to BSA’s principals with their consent.

109 The above argument on consent was made by the petitioners in _Summit_ ,
but was rejected for the reasons given at [58] of the judgment:

I shall now briefly dispose of the alternative submission by the petitioners
that the petitioners’ act of infringement by manufacturing the eight masters
for [JC] was done with the consent of the relevant … owners of the copyright,
and hence no offence was disclosed under the relevant legislation. This
contention was plainly untenable. The relevant copyright … holders never gave
consent to Summit CD to make the masters since they wanted [JC] to entrap
Summit [CD] so as to find out if Summit [CD] was engaged in software piracy.
If the defence of consent was valid, it would effectively make agent
provocateur [_sic_] a substantive defence. Trap purchases are made by
investigators to secure evidence of infringement and it is untenable to argue
that the intellectual property rights holders have given consent to the sale
of infringing articles to the agent provocateurs and hence Summit CD are not
guilty of an offence.

110 In our view, the reasoning in this passage is also problematic in the
following respects:

(a) It was plain that BSA had consented to Summit CD making copies of the
masters. Consent is a question of fact, and the fact that BSA wanted JC to
entrap Summit CD did not change the fact of consent.

(b) The High Court’s reasoning that if the defence of consent was valid, it
would “effectively make agent provocateur a substantive defence” (see [109]
above) conflates two different things: the fact of consent, and the principle
of law that entrapment is not a defence. If the consent given to Summit CD was
valid, as it undoubtedly was, it did not transform the actions of the _agent
provocateur_ (entrapment) into a substantive defence. Instead, it rendered the
defence irrelevant because, with consent, there was no offence in the first
place.

(c) It is, with respect, also erroneous to equate a trap purchase with a
replication of copyright material with the consent of the copyright owner. A
trap purchase seeks to uncover evidence of an existing infringement by the
seller. In _Summit_ , no offence had been committed by Summit CD when JC
sought to entrap it into replicating the counterfeit master CDs which he had
purchased with the consent of BSA. However, the targeted offence could not be
committed under the law as BSA had consented to the replication of the CDs.

111 To summarise our findings on _Summit_ : There was neither a preceding
offence committed nor a subsequent offence brought about by JC. The copyright
warrant should have been set aside on the ground that Summit CD had not
committed any copyright offence in replicating the four master CDs. The other
two warrants were also invalid for the same reason, _ie_ , consent to the
replication of the counterfeit CDs. The ruling on the law in _Summit_ was, for
these reasons, wholly unnecessary as no preceding or subsequent offence had
been committed by any party on the _facts_ of that case.

(2) Summit applied Ridgeway sans the Bunning v Cross discretion

112 We have earlier mentioned (at [108] above) that the _Summit_ exception is
in fact based on _Ridgeway_ , where the Australian High Court, by a majority,
excluded the evidence of illegal importation of the heroin after balancing the
competing factors: see [87] above. In _Summit_ , the High Court rejected the
_Bunning v Cross_ ([42] _supra_) balancing test on the ground that it was
unworkable. The court said (at [54]–[56]):

The adoption of such a distinction [_ie_ , the distinction drawn in
_Ridgeway_] in the mode of illegally procured evidence does not mean that we
should adopt wholesale the position taken in the High Court of Australia in
_Ridgeway v R_ and in _Bunning v Cross_ … In [_Bunning v Cross_], it was held
that the trial judge has a discretion to exclude evidence on public policy
grounds in circumstances where it has been obtained by unlawful conduct on the
part of the police. In exercising the discretion, the trial judge must engage
in a balancing process to resolve the conflict between the goal of bringing to
conviction the wrongdoer and the undesirable effect of curial approval being
given to the unlawful conduct of the law enforcement officer.

In the … Australian [approach], the rationale is founded on the need for the
courts to protect the integrity of their processes as well as the need to
exercise judicial control over the police. However, [this approach is]
completely unworkable in practice. While [it attempts] to identify the
policies, [it stops] short [of] articulating clearly which way the discretion
ought to be exercised. In _Bunning v Cross_ , the guidelines laid down are:
(i) whether there was a deliberate disregard of the law; (ii) the category of
the evidence where the illegality was not deliberate; (iii) [the] ease with
which the law might have been complied with in procuring the evidence in
question; (iv) the nature of the offence; (v) the policy of [P]arliament as
appears from the enactment of the statute constituting the offence. … The
criticism [of these guidelines] is that, without a clear principled approach,
the use of discretion can practically justify any result which the trial judge
wishes to reach, and would be a fertile source of grounds of appeal.

This is further illustrated by _Ridgeway_. In _Ridgeway_ , the majority of the
High Court extended the _Bunning v Cross_ principles to the case where
evidence of an offence [was] procured by the illegal conduct of the law
enforcement officer. The majority held that the serious illegality of the law
enforcement officers, coupled with selective prosecution, weighed heavily in
favour of exclusion. If the disciplinary approach is carried through, surely
the court would have granted a stay of proceedings, yet the court was content
to allow the prosecution to continue to proceed [against] the accused under
the state law, where there was no need to rely on its own illegality.

With respect, the above passages do not accurately reflect the decision and
reasoning of the majority judges in _Ridgeway_. All the judges in _Ridgeway_
were not, in fact, concerned with disciplining the police (see the extract
from McHugh J’s judgment quoted at [95] above). They were concerned, instead,
with ensuring that the administration of justice would not be brought into
disrepute. The majority judges decided that staying the proceedings would not
be appropriate in view of the separation of powers in Australia’s
constitutional system, and also that invoking the court’s jurisdiction to try
an offender for an offence could not be an abuse of the court’s process as
that was what the court’s process was intended for. Hence, they fell back on
the _Bunning v Cross_ discretion to decide whether the evidence against R
should be admitted. They decided that it should not, but _only because_ his
prosecution was selective and, in any event, he could still be prosecuted for
state offences which did not include the ingredient of illegal importation.
But for these two factors, _the majority judges would not have excluded the
evidence_. The joint judgment in _Ridgeway_ shows that it is only in very
exceptional circumstances that the court would exclude illegally obtained
evidence under the public policy discretion (see [90] above). _Summit_ is not
in this class of exceptions.

113 Before us, the respondent submitted that the test which _Summit_ applied –
_ie_ , whether there was illegality preceding the crime which was designed to
bring about the commission of the crime – had the merits of simplicity and
clarity. If this question was answered in the affirmative, then all evidence
obtained pursuant to the illegal conduct would be excluded. In our view, this
approach is, respectfully, again problematic for a number of reasons. First,
every case of entrapment involves a preceding offence (abetment) which brings
about a subsequent offence (the charged offence). But, as we noted above (at
[65]–[66]), Lord Hoffmann and Lord Hutton in _Looseley_ and McHugh J in
_Ridgeway_ have stated that not all preceding breaches of the law by law
enforcement officers amount to abuse of process. It is, in the final analysis,
a question of balancing the gravity of the preceding offence and that of the
subsequent offence. Second, by rejecting the balancing approach to determine
which competing public interest should prevail in the circumstances of each
case, the _Summit_ decision rests solely on its own facts. It would, in
essence, mean that however trivial the preceding unlawful act may be in
comparison with the charged offence, the evidence thereby procured of the
commission of the charged offence is inadmissible. Criminal conduct spans a
large number and spectrum of offences in terms of harm to society, and also a
vast range of culpability. It is undesirable and inappropriate to treat all
preceding illegal conduct as sufficient to exclude the evidence thereby
obtained. In our view, focusing solely on the preceding unlawful conduct,
without reference to its nature or seriousness and ignoring the gravity of the
charged offence, fails to give sufficient weight to the public interest in
convicting the guilty. _The very existence of competing or conflicting public
interests_ requires the court to make a choice as to whether, in a particular
case, one interest outweighs the other. The _Summit_ exception denies the need
to do such a balancing exercise. It also goes further than the decisions in
_Bunning v Cross_ , _Ridgeway_ and even _Looseley_ ([44] _supra_)_._ In our
view, the _Summit_ decision, in adopting a black-and-white approach to the
issue, does not provide the necessary flexibility that would enable the courts
to resolve the competing public interests in the cases before them. In our
view, _if_ _a test under Singapore law were necessary_ to determine whether or
not entrapment or illegally obtained evidence should be excluded, the
appropriate test would be a balancing test that takes into account all the
factors identified in _Ridgeway_ and _Looseley_.

**_The EA – effect on admissibility of entrapment evidence_**

114 So far we have discussed the approach of the Singapore courts without
explicit reference to the provisions of the EA (see [57] above). We will now
examine the effect of the EA on the admissibility of entrapment evidence
before determining whether the various approaches, including the Singapore
courts’ approaches (discussed above), can be adequately reconciled with the
relevant provisions of the EA.

_The respondent’s arguments_

115 On this point, the respondent’s arguments were as follows:

(a) In Singapore, the EA governs the admissibility of evidence. Under the EA,
all evidence which is relevant is admissible. Therefore, entrapment evidence,
being relevant, is admissible.

(b) However, under the common law, the court has a discretion to exclude
illegally or improperly obtained evidence where it is unfair to the defendant:
see, for example, _Ridgeway._ Therefore, whether this court possesses the
discretionary power to exclude evidence obtained by entrapment depends on
whether the common law subsists under the EA _._

(c) Section 2(2) of the EA provides as follows:

All rules of evidence not contained in any written law, so far as such rules
are inconsistent with any of the provisions of this Act, are repealed.

This provision is silent on entrapment evidence. Therefore, the Legislature
must have intended the common law rules to apply.

(d) In _Cheng Swee Tiang_ ([18] _supra_), the majority of the High Court
(consisting of three judges) held that there was a judicial discretion to
disallow unlawfully obtained evidence if its reception would operate unfairly
against an accused. Ambrose J (dissenting) held that this discretion had no
application to Singapore because of the Singapore Evidence Ordinance 1955.
Before us, it was argued that the majority decision in _Cheng Swee Tiang_ was
correct while the minority decision was wrong because the latter drew a
parallel with the Indian Evidence Act (Act No 1 of 1872) (“the Indian Act”),
of which the corresponding section (which repealed _all_ unwritten rules of
evidence) was not the same as s 2(2) of the EA.

(e) Recent authorities show that the EA is a facilitative statute. In _PP v
Knight Glenn Jeyasingam_ [1999] 2 SLR 499 (“ _Glenn Knight_ ”), the High Court
applied the “without prejudice” rule contained in s 23 of the EA (which
applies to civil proceedings) to criminal proceedings on the basis that the EA
was a “facilitative statute” which permitted the introduction of “common law
rules not expressly provided for under the ... Act” (_Glenn Knight_ at [58]);
see also _Lee Kwang Peng v PP_ [1997] 3 SLR 278 (“ _Lee Kwang Peng_ ”) at [46]
and _Tan Meng Jee v PP_ [1996] 2 SLR 422 (“ _Tan Meng Jee_ ”). Reference was
also made to _China Insurance Co (Singapore) Pte Ltd v Liberty Insurance Pte
Ltd_ [2005] 2 SLR 509, where Andrew Phang Boon Leong JC (as he then was) said
(at [39]):

However, it appears to be the case that where the code concerned is itself
silent with regard to the specific issue(s) or point(s) in question, the
common law rules do continue to be relevant and even applicable: see _PP v
Yuvaraj_ [1969] 2 MLJ 89 and _Shaaban v Chong Fook Kam_ [1969] 2 MLJ 219.

(f) In _Summit,_ the High Court held that such a discretion existed, and in
_Rayney Wong HC_ ([18] _supra_) at [64], Rajah J implicitly accepted its
existence.

(g) Although the Court of Appeal in _How Poh Sun_ ([56] _supra_) applied
_Sang_ (_ie_ , the principle that all relevant evidence is admissible, save
for confessions, unless its prejudicial effect outweighs its probative value),
this does not impinge on _Summit_ because, as explained by Rajah J in _Rayney
Wong HC_ at [56], _Summit_ “sheds further light on the intended breadth and
ramifications of the earlier ruling in _How Poh Sun_ ”. Furthermore, Rajah J
himself had expressed at [64] a preference that the court should have such a
discretion where the evidence was “procured in a manner that might be
inimically repellent to the integrity of the administration of justice”.

(h) In any case, the time is ripe to depart from the decision in _How Poh Sun_
, which is also distinguishable from the present case as, there, the court was
concerned with the desirability of policing the police.

_Relationship between the EA and the common law_

116 The interaction between the EA and the common law has been considered in a
number of cases: see _Halsbury’s Laws of Singapore_ vol 10 (Butterworths Asia,
2000) (“ _Halsbury’s_ ”) at para 120.004. The starting point is that s 2(2) of
the EA provides that any rule of evidence not contained in any written law
which is inconsistent with any of the provisions of the EA is repealed. This
must mean all inconsistent rules existing at the date of enactment of the EA
as only such rules could be repealed. It is similar to s 2(3) of the Indian
Act in one respect, _viz_ , neither enactment was intended to repeal _future_
rules of evidence developed by the courts under the common law. Therefore, the
question of whether new common law rules of evidence would apply depends on
(a) whether the EA is an exhaustive code, and, if not, (b) whether the new
rules are inconsistent with the provisions of the EA.

117 It is well established that the EA is a codifying Act. In _Mahomed Syedol
Ariffin v Yeoh Ooi Gark_ [1916] 2 AC 575 (“ _Mahomed Syedol Ariffin_ ”), the
Privy Council held that the Straits Settlement Evidence Ordinance of 1893 was
a codifying Act (see also _Jayasena v The Queen_ [1970] AC 618). At 581 of its
judgment in _Mahomed Syedol Ariffin_ , the Privy Council said:

[T]he rule and principle of the Colony must be accepted as it is found in its
own Evidence Ordinance, and ... the acceptance of a rule or principle adopted
in or derived from English law is not permissible if thereby the true and
actual meaning of the statute under construction be varied, or denied effect.

Similarly, in _Public Prosecutor v Yuvaraj_ [1969] 2 MLJ 89, the Privy Council
held (_per_ Lord Diplock at 90) that where any part of evidence law was
expressly dealt with by a statutory code, the courts must give effect to the
provisions of that code regardless of whether or not they differed from the
common law. Any common law rule or principle of evidence not compatible with
the applicable statutory code must be rejected by the court. In the light of s
2(2) of the EA, it must be so: see also the decision of the Court of Appeal in
_Lim Tjoen Kong v A-B Chew Investments Pte Ltd_ [1991] SLR 188 and _Mariwu
Industrial Co (S) Pte Ltd v Dextra Asia Co Ltd_ [2006] 4 SLR 807, and Prof
Jeffrey Pinsler’s article, “Approaches to the Evidence Act: The Judicial
Development of a Code” (2002) 14 SAcLJ 365. The EA only codified the law of
evidence existing at the time of its enactment; therefore, new rules of
evidence can be given effect to only _if they are not inconsistent with the
provisions of the EA or their underlying rationale_. However, while the EA is
a code, it is acknowledged to be non-exhaustive. Specifically, as mentioned
above (at [115]), s 2(2) of the EA demarcates the application of that statute.
The EA is exhaustive only to the extent that all the rules which are not saved
by statute and which are inconsistent with it (the EA) are inapplicable.
However, this is not an unrestricted licence to import 21st century notions of
the common law into a 19th century code.

118 The relevance of s 2(2) of the EA in the context of the present case turns
on the question of whether the exclusion of illegally obtained evidence in
criminal trials would be inconsistent with any provision of the EA. This issue
was examined in _Glenn Knight_ with reference to representations made by
accused persons to the Public Prosecutor (“the PP”) in plea bargaining. As
there is no provision in the EA that makes such representations inadmissible,
they are, accordingly, admissible by virtue of s 2(2) of the EA. However,
there is a long-established practice or convention (which the PP accepted in
_Glenn Knight_) that such representations are made “without prejudice” and
that the PP will not seek to admit them in evidence against the accused should
the representations be rejected. In _Glenn Knight_ , the only issue was
whether a letter which the accused (“GK”) had written to his Member of
Parliament (“the MP”) whilst he was under investigation and before he was
charged, which letter the MP had sent to the PP, was a representation for the
purpose of plea bargaining. In that letter, GK had explained why what he did
was not an offence and stated that, in any case, he had been given immunity by
the PP previously. The PP rejected the explanation and charged GK. When GK
gave a different explanation for what he had done in his defence, the
Prosecution sought to use the letter to show the inconsistency in GK’s
explanations. GK argued that his letter had been written “without prejudice”
in plea bargaining. The Prosecution argued otherwise on the ground that when
GK wrote the letter to the MP, he had not even been charged as he was still
under investigation. There was no charge on which he could initiate a plea
bargain. However, the High Court held that the letter could not be used
against GK as it was a representation in plea bargaining. That should have
been the end of that matter.

119 However, the court sought to provide a legal basis for its ruling rather
than rely on the convention mentioned in the preceding paragraph. On its own
motion (see [60]–[61] of the judgment), the court invoked s 23 of the EA as
the legal basis for excluding representations in plea bargains, even though
the Prosecution had not argued that excluding representations would be
inconsistent with s 23. In invoking s 23, the court reminded itself of the
ambit of s 2(2) of the EA, and that it must not create any rules inconsistent
with the EA (see [55] of the judgment). Section 23 deals with “without
prejudice” communications in civil cases. It provides as follows:

**Admissions in civil cases when relevant**

**23.** In civil cases, no admission is relevant if it is made either upon an
express condition that evidence of it is not to be given, or under
circumstances from which the court can infer that the parties agreed together
that evidence of it should not be given.

_Explanation_.— Nothing in this section shall be taken to exempt any advocate
or solicitor from giving evidence of any matter of which he may be compelled
to give evidence under section 128.

The court in _Glenn Knight_ held at [60] that on a purposive interpretation of
s 23, representations made in plea bargaining were privileged and inadmissible
in evidence as _the purpose for which s 23 was enacted applied with equal
force to the administration of the criminal justice system_ , and that (at
[57]) excluding such representations in criminal proceedings would give effect
to the “will and intent of Parliament”. In other words, s 23 was an expression
of the legislative intent that representations in plea bargaining be
privileged from disclosure.

120 The court in _Glenn Knight_ also held that this interpretational approach
to the EA was permitted as the EA was a “facilitative” statute (at [58]),
citing _Lee Kwang Peng_ ([115] _supra_) at [46] and _Tan Meng Jee_ ([115]
_supra_) at 434, [48] (which adopted the rule in _Director of Public
Prosecutions v Boardman_ [1975] AC 421 concerning similar fact evidence) in
support of this proposition. The court further observed (at [58]) that
“[t]hese authorities were all the more recent than any binding English
decision confirming the [EA] as a codifying Act”.

121 The reasoning of the court in _Glenn Knight_ is set out at [60] of its
judgment as follows:

In this case, a purposive interpretation is undoubtedly the preferred sensible
approach toward reading an Act relatively untouched since its inception in
1893. Section 23 is silent on the application of the rule to representations
made in the context of plea negotiations, which in itself is distinguished
from the substantive trial of a criminal charge. Section 23, as observed by
the editors of 5 _Butterworth’s Annotated Statutes of Singapore_ at p 83,
concerns admissions which are not provable because of policy reasons. This is
the policy of encouraging consensual case settlement in civil litigation.
Section 23 does not expressly preclude the policy of consensual case
settlement from being applied to a criminal justice system. Indeed, it cannot
since otherwise the discretionary policy of awarding sentencing discounts
would be void. _Section 23 is silent on the plea negotiations process in
criminal matters. It is clear that it was expressly outside the scope of
Stephen’s_ [the draftsman of the predecessor of the EA] _consideration_. … _A
purposive construction would interpret plea negotiations in criminal matters
as outside the draftsman’s scheme of the criminal justice system. … However,
to be alive to the needs of a modern criminal justice system in Singapore, it
is clear that the purpose for which s 23 was enacted applies with equal force
to the administration of the criminal justice system_. This policy of
consensual case settlement for criminal matters is realised in the plea
negotiations process. [emphasis added]

The reasoning in the above passage is as follows: Although s 23 applies only
to “without prejudice” communications in civil matters, the policy under s 23
of encouraging settlement in civil cases applies equally to the “consensual
case settlement for criminal matters” (_Glenn Knight_ at [60]). A purposive
interpretation of s 23 would allow the court to extend that policy to criminal
matters in accordance with “the will and intent of Parliament” (_id_ at [57]).
This approach is permitted and is consistent with the EA being a facilitative
statute, as has been decided in other cases.

122 We would respectfully disagree with the reasoning set out above for a
number of reasons. First, the reasoning that “ _it is clear that the purpose
for which s 23 was enacted applies with equal force to the administration of
the criminal justice system_ ” (from the passage quoted at [121] above)
confuses the purpose of s 23 with its underlying policy, _ie_ , to encourage
settlements in _civil_ cases. The purpose of s 23 is to give effect to the
policy by according privilege from disclosure to statements made in settlement
negotiations. Secondly, the purpose of s 23 is not to accord a similar
privilege to representations in plea bargains in criminal cases; otherwise, it
would have said so. The reason why that was not the purpose of s 23 is that
when this provision was enacted, plea bargaining was unknown. Thirdly, whilst
it is recognised today that there is some public benefit in securing guilty
pleas through plea bargaining, thereby saving judicial time and resources, the
State does not have a policy that offences should be settled. On the contrary,
it is in the public interest that offenders should be convicted and punished
for the offences which they have committed, instead of being allowed to plead
guilty to less serious charges just to save judicial time. Fourthly, the
concept of the “purposive interpretation” of statutes (see _Constitutional
Reference No 1 of 1995_ [1995] 2 SLR 201 at 210, [45]) is to give effect to
the legislative intent as expressed in a statutory provision by a
consideration of the words and expressions used in the provision. Since the
words of s 23 are plain in meaning and purpose, there is no necessity to
resort to “purposive interpretation” to discover the purpose of this section.
Fifthly, s 23 is wholly irrelevant to criminal proceedings, and, therefore,
whilst excluding representations in plea bargaining is not inconsistent with s
23, it does not lead to the conclusion that s 23 _justifies_ their exclusion.
All it means is that s 23 has nothing to say about the admissibility or
otherwise of representations in plea bargaining.

123 For the above reasons, we are unable to see how the decision in _Glenn
Knight_ is of any assistance to the respondent’s argument that because the EA
is a facilitative statute, illegally obtained evidence is therefore not
admissible in evidence. The crucial question in the present case is whether
the holding in _Summit_ ([18] _supra_) that illegally obtained evidence of the
kind identified in that case is inadmissible is inconsistent with the EA, or
whether it is supported by an express provision in that statute. We will
examine this issue in the next section.

_The EA does not permit the exclusion of entrapment evidence_

124 It may be noted that until the present case, the effect of s 2(2) of the
EA on the common law rules regarding the admissibility or otherwise of
entrapment and illegally obtained evidence had not been considered by the
courts in Singapore, except in the dissenting judgment of Ambrose J in _Cheng
Swee Tiang_ ([18] _supra_), where he expressed the view that the _Kuruma_
([76] _supra_) discretion (that illegally obtained evidence was admissible
unless its prejudicial effect outweighed its probative value) was a new
development. But, at the same time, Ambrose J conceded that the courts in
Singapore had the power to exclude evidence which was unfair to the accused.
There was no reference to s 2(2) of the EA in the _How Poh Sun_ ([56] _supra_)
line of cases or in _Summit_. It was assumed in these cases that either s 2(2)
was irrelevant, or the principles relating to the admissibility of entrapment
or illegally obtained evidence were not inconsistent with s 2(2). As we
decided above, any such assumption would be incorrect as any new rule of
evidence inconsistent with the provisions of the EA cannot be given effect to:
see [116] above. Accordingly, the threshold question we have to ask is: What
new principle of evidence is admissible under the EA? At para 120.009 of
_Halsbury’s_ ([116] _supra_), the learned authors, after referring to the
different senses in which the concept of “relevance” has been used by common
law courts, give this answer, which we accept as correct:

If a fact is relevant, evidence to establish that fact is admissible. The
court is given no discretion to exclude evidence which establishes a relevant
fact but is bound to admit the evidence [citing s 138 of the EA]).

Applying this principle, entrapment evidence is admissible under the EA to
prove that the defendant committed the charged offence, and the court has _no_
discretion to exclude it. Thus, the next critical question is whether local
case law which has dealt with entrapment or illegally obtained evidence thus
far is consistent with the EA.

125 The cases we need to consider are _Cheng Swee Tiang_ , _Ajmer Singh_
([101] _supra_), _How Poh Sun_ (and its line of cases) and _Summit._ In _Cheng
Swee Tiang_ , the majority followed _Kuruma._ The dissenting judge (Ambrose
J), while commenting that the _Kuruma_ discretion to exclude illegally
obtained evidence on grounds of fairness was contrary to the EA, nonetheless
accepted that the court could exclude evidence which was more prejudicial than
probative. _Sang_ ([44] _supra_) clarified the scope of the _Kuruma_
discretion and assimilated it into its own holding that there was no
discretion to exclude entrapment evidence except where it was more prejudicial
than probative. The law lords in _Sang_ were very clear on when illegally
obtained evidence was to be excluded – it was _not_ to be excluded merely
because it was illegally obtained (unless it was a confession); it could only
be excluded if its prejudicial effect outweighed its probative effect: see
[76]–[80] above. _How Poh Sun_ applied the _Sang_ principle without any
qualification.

126 In the light of the combined effect of these propositions, we are of the
view that given the overarching principle in the EA that all relevant evidence
is admissible unless specifically expressed to be inadmissible, neither _Cheng
Swee Tiang_ nor _How Poh Sun_ would be consistent with the EA in so far as
they sanction the exclusion of relevant evidence on the ground of unfairness
to the accused. It may be recalled that the fairness exception in _Sang_ (as
set out at [76] above) was based on the common law. In our view, Ambrose J was
correct in pointing out (in _Cheng Swee Tiang_) that there was no such
exception in our local evidence code in relation to entrapment evidence. In
any event, the fairness exception has no practical effect in the case of
entrapment evidence since, by definition, the probative value of such evidence
must be greater than its prejudicial value in proving the guilt of the
accused: see the speeches of the law lords in _Sang_ at [76]–[80] above. For
this reason, the _Sang_ formulation is, in practical terms, consistent with
the EA and in accordance with the letter and spirit of s 2(2), and is
therefore applicable in the Singapore context. For the same reason, the
decision in _Ajmer Singh_ (which was a straightforward case of illegally
obtained evidence) is consistent with the EA as it was essentially an
application of _Sang._ In that case, the probative value of the evidence
showing an excessive amount of alcohol in the accused’s blood outweighed its
prejudicial effect in showing that the accused had been riding his scooter
while under the influence of drink. However, for this reason also, _Summit_
was inconsistent with the EA in holding the court had the power to exclude
JC’s evidence on the ground that JC’s illegal conduct preceded and was
designed to bring about the charged offence.

127 In this connection, it may also be pertinent to note that under the EA,
the only kind of incriminating evidence that has expressly been denied
admissibility is admissions and confessions made involuntarily by an accused
to a person in authority. Undercover police officers cannot be said to be
persons in authority as far as the accused is concerned. In this respect, s 24
of the EA provides as follows:

A confession made by an accused person is irrelevant in a criminal proceeding
if the making of the confession appears to the court to have been caused by
any inducement, threat or promise having reference to the charge against the
accused person, proceeding from a person in authority and sufficient in the
opinion of the court to give the accused person grounds which would appear to
him reasonable for supposing that by making it he would gain any advantage or
avoid any evil of a temporal nature in reference to the proceeding against
him.

Even a confession obtained in consequence of a deception practised on the
accused person or when he was drunk is similarly relevant and admissible.
Section 29 of the EA provides:

If such a confession is otherwise relevant, it does not become irrelevant
merely because —

(_a_) it was made under a promise of secrecy, or in consequence of a deception
practised on the accused person for the purpose of obtaining it, or when he
was drunk ...

Relevant evidence obtained in the situations referred to in s 29 may be said
to be unfair to the accused. Yet, these kinds of evidence are admissible
because of their probative value. This being the overarching principle of the
EA, we are of the view that in so far as the High Court in _Cheng Swee Tiang_
recognised a discretion to exclude relevant evidence on the ground of
unfairness to the accused, such a proposition is not entirely consonant with
the provisions of the EA.

128 Indeed, as Ambrose J noted in _Cheng Swee Tiang_ at 294, the courts in
India, which are statutorily bound by the Indian Act (which provides for a
similar scheme of admissibility of evidence as the EA), “have not recognized
such a discretion” to exclude evidence on the basis of unfairness to the
accused. It should be mentioned that the present position in India appears to
be the same. _Sarkar’s Law of Evidence_ (Wadhwa and Company Nagpur, 16th Ed,
2007) vol 1 has this commentary (at p 121):

The fact that a document was procured by improper or even illegal means will
not be a bar to its admissibility _if it is relevant_ and its genuineness
proved [_Magrai v. R K Birla_ , A 1971 SC 1295]. But the court will always
care to find out that it is genuine and free from tampering or mutilation.

The Indian position confirms our understanding of the general scheme of the
admissibility of evidence under the EA since the latter was based on the
Indian Act.

129 However, a ruling (as in _Looseley_ ([44] _supra_)) that the court has the
power to stay proceedings involving the use of entrapment evidence on the
ground of abuse of process would not be inconsistent with the EA. Such a
decision would only involve the exercise of the court’s jurisdiction or power
not to hear the proceedings and would have nothing to do with the application
of the EA, which is not concerned with the jurisdiction of the court to
control its own processes. We turn, next, to the question of whether a
prosecution founded on entrapment can amount to abuse of process under
Singapore law, and, if so, whether staying the criminal proceedings is an
appropriate response.

**_Is a prosecution founded on entrapment evidence an abuse of process in
Singapore?_**

_The concept of abuse of process_

130 The judicial process is the curial mechanism for the resolution and
disposal of civil disputes and criminal prosecutions in accordance with and
subject to evidentiary and procedural rules. The use of the judicial process
for a purpose other than that for which it is established is regarded by the
court as an abuse of its process. Although the concept of “abuse of process”
is not a precise one, its essence is the use of the judicial process for a
purpose for which it is not intended or in circumstances where the extraneous
purpose is the dominant purpose for its use.

131 The civil process is concerned with the determination of civil claims for
damages and other remedies in connection with personal and property rights for
breach of contract, torts and other legal wrongs. By the nature of the
proceedings, the civil process is more susceptible to abuse, especially
arising out of the misuse of procedural rules, than the criminal process.
Hence, the plea of abuse of process is invoked much more frequently in civil
proceedings than in criminal proceedings.

132 Likewise, the criminal process is intended for the _bona fide_ prosecution
of criminals, and to use it for an extraneous purpose is to abuse it. An
example of such abuse is where the court process is being used to try the
defendant on a criminal charge in order to harass him or teach him a lesson
when the Prosecution has no or insufficient evidence to justify the charge, or
for some extraneous purpose other than to convict and punish the defendant as
an offender. Another example might be where the defendant has been promised
immunity from prosecution by the prosecuting authorities in exchange for
assisting the police in their investigations. Yet another example might be
where the defendant is charged with a more serious charge (without any or
sufficient evidence to support it) in order to pressure him to plead guilty to
a charge for a less serious offence. These would be cases where the
Prosecution is using the criminal process for a purpose for which it is not
intended, thus amounting to an abuse of process. In _Ridgeway_ ([44] _supra_),
Brennan J expressed the view (at 52) that a futile prosecution where there was
a lack of evidence would be an abuse of process “in the _strict_ sense of that
term” [emphasis added]. In our view, the meaning given to the concept of
“abuse of process” in _Looseley_ goes beyond this strict sense, which
encapsulates the underlying rationale of this concept. It seems to us that the
approach of the House of Lords in _Looseley_ , in the context of the English
criminal justice system, was to, first, characterise state entrapment as an
abuse of executive power (which is the duty of the court to check); second,
equate the use of entrapment evidence with an abuse of process (which the
court will not tolerate); and then apply the newly developed jurisdiction to
stay the prosecution.

133 In this appeal, we have not been shown any case, reported or otherwise,
concerning the abuse of the criminal process in Singapore, except for _Sum Lye
Heng v MCST Plan No 2285_ [2003] 4 SLR 553 (“ _Sum Lye Heng_ ”), which is,
however, a private prosecution. In that case, the High Court held, applying
the law as stated by the Australian High Court in _Williams v Spautz_ (1992)
174 CLR 509, that the court had an inherent jurisdiction to stay a prosecution
for abuse of process. There, four of the seven judges (_viz_ , Mason CJ and
Dawson, Toohey and McHugh JJ) said at 520:

As Lord Scarman said in _Reg. v. Sang_ , every court is “in duty bound to
protect itself” against an abuse of its process. In this respect there are two
fundamental policy considerations which must be taken into account in dealing
with abuse of process in the context of criminal proceedings. Richardson J.
referred to them in _Moevao v. Department of Labour_ [[1980] 1 NZLR 464 at
481] in a passage which Mason C.J. quoted in [_Jago v District Court (NSW)_
(1989) 168 CLR 23 at 30]. The first is that the public interest in the
administration of justice requires that the court protect its ability to
function as a court of law by ensuring that its processes are used fairly by
State and citizen alike. The second is that, unless the court protects its
ability so to function in that way, its failure will lead to an erosion of
public confidence by reason of concern that the court’s processes may lend
themselves to oppression and injustice.

The High Court in _Sum Lye Heng_ went on to observe (at [80]) that an action
or a proceeding would be an abuse of process _if there was no basis or
foundation for it_ , but added that it would have some hesitation in accepting
the views of the majority in _Williams v Spautz_ that a predominantly improper
purpose would suffice as an abuse of process. The question of whether a
private prosecution should be subject to the same principles as a public
prosecution on the ground that the former was ultimately subject to the
control of the PP was not canvassed.

134 In our view, however, the scope for enlarging the concept of abuse in
criminal proceedings is limited in the context of our criminal justice system.
Furthermore, the separation of powers between the Executive and the Judiciary
under the Constitution of the Republic of Singapore (1999 Rev Ed) (“the
Constitution”) creates a constitutional barrier which the court may not cross
without intruding into the executive power, thereby breaching a fundamental
doctrine of the Constitution. These issues are discussed later.

_Prosecution founded on entrapment evidence not an abuse of process in
Singapore_

135 The issue of whether a prosecution founded on entrapment evidence is an
abuse of process has not been expressly considered by any court in Singapore.
Certainly, the issue has not been examined in the context of staying criminal
proceedings. As discussed earlier, developments in England have led the House
of Lords in _Looseley_ to decide that a prosecution founded on entrapment
evidence is an abuse of process. Counsel for the respondent in the present
case has not argued for the application of _Looseley_ in Singapore (although
counsel for the respondent in _Rayney Wong CA_ ([1] _supra_) raised this as
his primary argument). Instead, he confined his submission to arguing that
this court should follow _Summit_ ([18] _supra_), an argument which we have
rejected. Nevertheless, because of the importance of this issue, it is
desirable that we consider whether _Looseley_ has any application in Singapore
in the context of our criminal justice system since, as Lord Scarman said in
_Sang_ and which _Looseley_ affirmed, every court must protect itself against
an abuse of its process.

136 As will be recalled, the House of Lords in _Looseley_ and the Australian
High Court in _Ridgeway_ (by a majority of five to two) came to opposite
conclusions on whether a prosecution founded on state entrapment was an abuse
of process: see [81] and [84]–[86] above. Both decisions were based on the
common law. In _Looseley_ , their Lordships considered state entrapment as an
abuse of executive power, and thus, prosecuting a defendant on evidence
thereby obtained was an abuse of process which the court would not tolerate as
it would bring the administration of justice into disrepute (see [82] above).
Whether or not unlawful or improper police conduct in obtaining the evidence
against the defendant amounted to entrapment was to be determined, so it was
held, by various considerations, such as the gravity of the offence, the ease
or difficulty of investigating the offences, _etc_ (see [63]–[64] above).

137 In contrast, the decision in _Ridgeway_ was that the prosecution (of R)
could not be an abuse of process for the reason that the judicial process in
criminal cases was established for the very purpose of putting an accused on
trial for the commission of an offence. The invocation of the court’s process
for the very purpose for which it was established could not be an abuse of its
process (see [84]–[85] above). The fact that the heroin in that case had been
illegally imported into Australia by state agents for the very purpose of
entrapping R to commit the charged offence was not in itself a sufficient
reason for the court to withhold its process from the Prosecution. In
contrast, it may be noted that Gaudron J (see [94] above) found the
prosecution of R to be an abuse of process by extending the scope of this
concept by reference to court decisions relating to abuse of process in civil
proceedings and by reference to the general concepts of unfairness,
oppression, vexation and harassment.

138 As a matter of legal logic (and on constitutional grounds which will be
discussed later), we agree with the reasoning of the majority judges in
_Ridgeway_. In our view, the true nature of abuse in state entrapment cases is
the abuse of state power, as the judgments in _Looseley_ recognise, by state
agents deliberately breaking the law to instigate the accused to commit an
offence which he otherwise would not have committed and then prosecuting him
for that offence. The nature of the abuse is not directed at the process of
the courts, whose function is to determine the guilt or otherwise of the
accused on the evidence produced before the court. We find the logic and
reasoning in the joint judgment and that of Brennan J in _Ridgeway_ (see [85]
above) unassailable. We agree that the invocation of the court process _for
the_ bona fide _prosecution of criminals_ (as opposed to any of the extraneous
purposes mentioned above at [132]) is not an abuse of process, even though the
evidence against the accused may have been obtained by state entrapment or
illegally by law enforcement officers.

139 If a prosecution founded on the use of entrapment or illegally obtained
evidence is not an abuse of process, then the question of staying the
prosecution for abuse of process does not arise. For this reason, _Looseley_
has no application in Singapore. In _Looseley_ , their Lordships were
particularly troubled by the prospect of law enforcement agencies resorting to
state entrapment to create, and thereby increase artificially, offences, as
that would not be in the public interest. We are also mindful of this
possibility, but, in the context of our criminal justice system, admitting
entrapment evidence does not necessarily mean that the court is bereft of any
power to check an abuse or the unconstitutional exercise of prosecutorial
power. This, however, raises a different, although related, issue of abuse of
_prosecutorial power_ and the constitutionality or otherwise of the exercise
of that power, which we will address later. But, first, we consider another
aspect of abuse of process in connection with the doctrinal reasons why the
majority judges in _Ridgeway_ held that the court could not stay criminal
proceedings founded on illegally obtained evidence (including entrapment
evidence).

_Staying prosecutions and the separation of powers_

140 Australia’s written constitution does not entrench constitutional
liberties and freedoms. Therefore, no question of constitutionality arises as
to the legality of any prosecution founded on illegally obtained evidence.
However, the Australian High Court in _Ridgeway_ was of the view that the
constitutional system of Australia was based on a division of powers between
the Executive and the Judiciary. For this reason, the joint judgment was
particularly sensitive to the impropriety of applying a curial remedy (such as
staying a prosecution) that would intrude into the Executive’s sphere of
functions. The joint judgment in _Ridgeway_ stated as much at 32–33 (see [96]
above).

141 This passage reflects the Australian High Court’s unwillingness to intrude
into the prosecutorial power and thereby breach the separation of powers under
Australia’s constitutional system. The court was able to reach a fine balance
between the public interest in protecting the integrity of the judicial
process (so as not to bring the administration of justice into disrepute) and
the public interest in convicting and punishing the guilty (in that case, R)
by: (a) excluding the illegally obtained evidence (which action would not
intrude into the executive sphere); and (b) letting R be prosecuted by the
State for a series of offences relating to his unlawful possession of the
heroin where the element of unlawful importation was not an ingredient of the
offences. As we highlighted earlier (at [92]), but for the following
countervailing factors, _ie_ , selective prosecution, the condoning of
unlawful police conduct and R’s liability to prosecution for state offences,
the majority judges in _Ridgeway_ would have exercised the _Bunning v Cross_
([42] _supra_) discretion in favour of the Prosecution and held that the
evidence that the heroin was a prohibited import was admissible, even though
the police had brought the heroin into Australia unlawfully. The joint
judgment, at 39, made this point explicit (see [90] above).

142 It may also be noted that in _Sang_ , Lord Scarman expressed similar views
in relation to the separation of powers between the courts and the
prosecution: see [79] above.

143 In Singapore, the Constitution establishes a form of parliamentary
government (based on the Westminster model) based on the separation of the
legislative, executive and judicial powers. Each arm of the government
operates independently of the other and each should not interfere with the
functions of the other. As each of them is limited in its authority and power
by the Constitution itself, it is necessary that there should exist a means
whereby each arm may be prevented from acting beyond its constitutional
powers. Under the Constitution, the means adopted and recognised by all three
arms of government is the judicial power of the court to review the legality
of legislative and executive acts and declare them unconstitutional and of no
legal effect if they contravene the provisions of the Constitution. The
modifications to the Constitution that established the office and powers of
the elected President do not affect this feature of the Constitution. However,
the Constitution also expressly provides for the separation of the judicial
power from the prosecutorial power. The express separation of the two powers
is relevant to the role of the court in relation to the exercise of the
prosecutorial power and we will now consider this issue.

(1) Separation of powers under the Constitution

144 Article 93 of the Constitution provides that:

The judicial power of Singapore shall be vested in a Supreme Court and in such
subordinate courts as may be provided by any written law for the time being in
force.

But, separately, Art 35(8) provides that:

The Attorney-General shall have power, exercisable at his discretion, to
institute, conduct or discontinue any proceedings for any offence.

These two provisions expressly separate the prosecutorial function from the
judicial function, and give equal status to both functions. Hence, both organs
have an equal status under the Constitution, and neither may interfere with
each other’s functions or intrude into the powers of the other, subject only
to the constitutional power of the court to prevent the prosecutorial power
from being exercised unconstitutionally. Indeed, this is not even a true
“interference” inasmuch as the exercise of a function unconstitutionally is,
in effect, not an exercise of that function at all and which it is therefore
the duty of the court (pursuant to the Constitution itself) to prevent.

145 In relation to public prosecutions, Art 35(8) makes it clear that the
_institution_ , _conduct or discontinuance_ of any criminal proceedings is a
matter for only the Attorney-General to decide. This means that, except for
unconstitutionality, the Attorney-General has an unfettered discretion as to
when and how he exercises his prosecutorial powers. This also means that it is
improper for the court to prevent the Attorney-General from prosecuting an
offender by staying the prosecution. In _PP v Norzian bin Bintat_ [1995] 3 SLR
462, the High Court recognised this when it said (at 473–474, [49]):

_The point is, the Public Prosecutor’s discretion is never curtailed_. Even
where a prosecution is pre-empted by a composition, there is nothing to
prevent the Public Prosecutor from prosecuting the case. Of course, the
prosecution must necessarily fail, but that is an altogether different story.
[emphasis added]

Similarly, in _Cheng Siah Johnson v PP_ [2002] 2 SLR 481, the High Court also
said (at [19]):

The power to institute, conduct or discontinue any proceedings for any offence
is vested in the Attorney General by the Constitution of the Republic of
Singapore (1999 Reprint), see art 35(8) of the Constitution and s 336 CPC
[Criminal Procedure Code]. _This is an absolute discretion and one which I
believe is carefully exercised_. [emphasis added]

146 However, in our view, the High Court went too far in _Glenn Knight_ ([115]
_supra_) when (at [70]) it stated:

As a branch of government, the judiciary has the decision making power to
affect whatever concerns the administration of justice. _This is circumscribed
only to the extent that art 35(8) vests prosecutorial discretion in the AGC._
[emphasis added]

With respect, this statement puts the relationship between the two
constitutional organs the wrong way round. The prosecutorial power cannot
circumscribe the judicial power. On the contrary, it is the judicial power
that may circumscribe the prosecutorial power in two ways: First, the court
may declare the wrongful exercise of the prosecutorial power as
unconstitutional. This point is discussed later (see [148]–[149] below).
Secondly, it is an established principle that when an accused is brought
before a court, the proceedings thereafter are subject to the control of the
court: see _Goh Cheng Chuan v PP_ [1990] SLR 671, _Ridgeway_ at 32–33 and
_Looseley_ at [16]–[17]. Within the limits of its judicial and statutory
powers, the court may deal with the case as it thinks fit in accordance with
the law.

(2) Abuse of constitutional power and abuse of process

147 We have in the preceding paragraphs (see [132] and [138] above) defined an
abuse of the criminal process to mean the use of that process for a purpose
for which it is not intended, _ie_ , to prosecute an offender for some other
ulterior motive and not to punish him for an offence which he has committed.
If the Attorney-General initiates such a prosecution, he also abuses his
prosecutorial power. There is here both an abuse of prosecutorial power and an
abuse of judicial process. However, where the prosecution is founded on
entrapment evidence in order to convict and punish the offender, there is no
abuse of power or abuse of process. But, if, in such a case, the Attorney-
General condones the unlawful conduct of the law enforcement officers, which
is particularly egregious, by not prosecuting them as well, this may
constitute discriminatory treatment that may infringe the offender’s
constitutional rights to equality before the law and the equal protection of
the law. If such an issue arises, the question of whether the Attorney-General
has abused his prosecutorial power (he might or might not have done so,
depending on the evidence) or whether there has been an abuse of the court’s
process becomes irrelevant, and the constitutional consideration overrides all
other considerations. It is no longer relevant to consider whether the
Attorney-General has abused his power or whether the court considers that the
judicial process has been abused.

**_Abuse or unconstitutional exercise of prosecutorial power_**

148 In view of the concerns of the English and the Australian courts _vis-à-
vis_ the abuse of prosecutorial power, it is necessary that we address, albeit
briefly, this issue in the context of our legal system so as to put it in its
proper perspective. In _Rayney Wong HC_ ([18] _supra_), Rajah J expressed his
misgivings (at [64]) about the court’s inability to exclude entrapment
evidence and stated that if his discretion were unfettered, he would exclude
illegally obtained evidence where such misconduct was “particularly
egregious”, _ie_ , where evidence was procured in a manner that might be
inimically repellent to the integrity of the administration of justice.
However, this view was expressed without the benefit of hearing arguments
about the effect of the EA and the separation of powers on the jurisdiction
and power of the court to reject entrapment evidence or to stay a prosecution
founded on such evidence. Nonetheless, the courts are not powerless under the
law to check or act against an abuse or unconstitutional exercise of
prosecutorial power. Under the law, the Attorney-General must act according to
law, as his prosecutorial power is not unfettered. As we have earlier stated,
there are two aspects to this. First, he may not use his prosecutorial power
in bad faith for an extraneous purpose. Second, he may not use it so as to
contravene constitutional rights, such as the right to equality before the law
and the equal protection of the law. With respect to the first, the Attorney-
General can in an appropriate case – _ie_ , where the public interest in the
integrity of the legal process outweighs the public interest in convicting and
punishing the guilty – check unlawful police conduct by not prosecuting the
offender if the Prosecution has to rely on entrapment evidence. With respect
to the second aspect, the Attorney-General can also prosecute the law
enforcement officers involved in the entrapment exercise, and this course of
action may also deter future unlawful conduct on their part.

149 The discretionary power to prosecute under the Constitution is not
absolute. It must be exercised in good faith for the purpose it is intended,
_ie_ , to convict and punish offenders, and not for an extraneous purpose. As
the Court of Appeal said in _Chng Suan Tze v Minister of Home Affairs_ [1988]
SLR 132 at 156, [86], all legal powers, even a constitutional power, have
legal limits. The notion of a subjective or unfettered discretion is contrary
to the rule of law. In our view, the exercise of the prosecutorial discretion
is subject to judicial review in two situations: first, where the
prosecutorial power is abused, _ie_ , where it is exercised in bad faith for
an extraneous purpose, and second, where its exercise contravenes
constitutional protections and rights (for example, a discriminatory
prosecution which results in an accused being deprived of his right to
equality under the law and the equal protection of the law under Art 12 of the
Constitution). Authority for this proposition may be found in _Teh Cheng Poh v
Public Prosecutor_ [1979] 1 MLJ 50 (“ _Teh Cheng Poh_ ”). In that case,
although the Privy Council recognised that the unconstitutional exercise of
prosecutorial discretion could be challenged, it held that there was _no
material on the facts of that case_ on which to found an argument that the
Attorney-General had exercised his discretion unlawfully. _Teh Cheng Poh_ has
been followed by the Court of Appeal in two cases, _viz_ , _Sim Min Teck v PP_
[1987] SLR 30 and _Thiruselvam s/o Nagaratnam v PP_ [2001] 2 SLR 125.

**_Summary on the law of entrapment and illegally obtained evidence in
criminal proceedings in Singapore_**

150 In summary, therefore, our views on these issues are as follows:

(a) the court has no discretion to exclude illegally obtained evidence
(including entrapment evidence) by reason of the provisions of the EA;

(b) a prosecution founded upon entrapment evidence is not an abuse of process;

(c) the court may not stay a prosecution even if it is an abuse of the
prosecutorial discretion because of the separation of powers under the
Constitution; and

(d) the court has, in an appropriate case, the power within its own judicial
sphere to declare a prosecution unconstitutional for breach of constitutional
power (which, in the case of the prosecutorial power, would have to be a very
exceptional case given that it is a constitutional power) or for infringement
of constitutional rights and protections.

Our decision on the disciplinary charges

151 Returning to the present case, we summarise our findings in relation to
the pertinent issues raised before us (see [20] above) as follows. First, in
relation to the DC’s findings of fact, we find no reason to doubt the
authenticity of the audio recording and the video recording, and accept the
DC’s findings of fact that the respondent did offer a referral fee to Jenny in
the form of shopping vouchers and that she did so with a view to procuring
conveyancing work from Jenny. Second, in relation to the respondent’s legal
arguments, we find that Jenny’s conduct was not illegal or unsanctionable on
any of the bases suggested by the respondent; neither was there, in our view,
a conspiracy by the instructing solicitors to do an illegal act against the
respondent. Indeed, even if there was such a conspiracy, it would be
irrelevant in the context of the present disciplinary proceedings against the
respondent, and would not represent an abuse of the disciplinary process. On
the question of whether illegal means had been used by Jenny against the
respondent, this had nothing to do with the procurement of the evidence
against the respondent and we accordingly dismissed the respondent’s arguments
based on this point. Finally, we are also of the view that the identities of
the instructing solicitors were not relevant in the disciplinary proceedings
and the DC was not in error in not ordering the disclosure of their
identities. Accordingly, the evidence obtained by Jenny against the respondent
was rightly admitted by the DC. For these reasons, and considering the
evidence before us in totality, we find that both the main and the alternative
charges against the respondent have been proved against her and, accordingly,
make absolute the show cause order. This leaves us with the question as to the
appropriate penalty to be imposed on the respondent.

**_Penalty to be imposed_**

152 In this connection, we refer to our judgment in _Lilian Bay_ ([31]
_supra_) at [46]–[48], where we considered the relevant factors to be taken
into account in order to determine the appropriate penalty to impose in a case
of touting of the same nature. As in _Lilian Bay_ , the respondent denied
vehemently that she had ever agreed to reward Jenny with gift vouchers in lieu
of a cash payment. But, she went much further than the solicitor in _Lilian
Bay_ in alleging not only a conspiracy by the instructing solicitors, but also
that they or the private investigators (Dong Security) had tampered with the
video recording in order to make out a case against her. The respondent also
unnecessarily alleged that Jenny had perjured herself by filing a false
statutory declaration. This was a case of a solicitor who wanted to blame
everyone except herself for doing something which she must have realised was
unprofessional. There was a complete absence of any feeling of guilt or any
remorse for her misconduct. In the circumstances, we consider that it would be
appropriate to impose a period of suspension from practice of 15 months with
immediate effect, and we so order. The respondent must also pay the costs of
the Law Society in this application and in the proceedings before the DC.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 04 Dec 2007 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

