Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Koh Toi Choi v Lim Geok Hong and Another  
[2007] SGHC 87

Case Number | : | OS 15/2007  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 29 May 2007  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Belinda Ang Saw Ean J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Tan Oi Peng (Low Yeap Toh & Goon) for the plaintiff; Roy Manoj (Roy & Partners) for the first defendant; M P Rai (Cooma & Rai) for the second defendant   
Parties | : |  Koh Toi Choi — Lim Geok Hong; Ang Kee Huat Charcoal Trader (suing as a firm)   
  
Civil Procedure – Appeals – Leave – Application for leave to appeal – Whether
trial judge's decision containing prima facie case of error of law – Section
21(1) Supreme Court of Judicature Act (Cap 322, 1999 Rev Ed)  
  
Civil Procedure – Pleadings – Striking out – Defence and third-party statement
of claim struck out at trial stage under O 18 r 19(1) of Rules of Court –
Whether weak defence ground for striking out – Whether striking out at trial
stage causing unfairness to one party – Order 18 r 19(1) Rules of Court (Cap
322, R 5, 2006 Rev Ed)  
  

29 May 2007  |   
---|---  
  
Belinda Ang Saw Ean J

1 By this Originating Summons No 15 of 2007, the plaintiff, Koh Toi Choi
(“Koh”), sought leave to appeal against the order of the District Judge (“the
trial judge”) striking out Koh’s Defence in MC Suit No 25641 of 2005 and his
Third Party Statement of Claim. As a corollary of the striking out order,
final judgment was entered against Koh on 30 October 2006 for the agreed sum
of $11,460 with costs fixed at $4,000. Koh was also ordered to pay the third
party’s costs fixed at $4,500. Koh was further ordered to bear the
disbursements incurred by both Lim Geok Hong (as the plaintiff in MC Suit No
25641 of 2005) and the third party, the quantum of which was to be taxed, if
not agreed.

2 The background facts are as follows. Koh was involved in an accident along
Bendemeer Road on 12 December 2004. Koh was the driver of taxi SH 6884J. The
other vehicles involved in the accident were the motor car SDR 9673G and the
lorry YL 7597P. The motor car was owned by Lim Geok Hong (“Lim”) and the
driver of the vehicle at the time of the accident was Lim Choon Hoong (“LCH”).
The lorry YL 7597P was driven by one Chan Choon Poh (“Chan”). The owner of the
lorry was Ang Kee Huat Charcoal Trader against whom Koh sued as a third party.

3 According to Koh, Chan negligently drove the third party’s lorry and caused
or contributed to the damage at the rear of Lim’s motor car (“prior
collision”). He alleged in his Accident Statement dated 13 December 2004 that
the motor car cut into his lane in front of the lorry. The lorry could not
stop in time and consequently, it collided into the rear of the motor car.
Although Koh applied his brakes, Koh’s taxi unavoidably collided into the
third party’s lorry. What was in dispute was the sequence of the collisions.
Notably, LCH’s version was that the taxi first collided into the lorry, which
in turn collided into the motor car. This was consistent with Chan’s Accident
Statement dated 13 December 2004.

4 Koh did not in his Defence dated 3 March 2006 plead any prior collision
between the third party’s lorry and Lim’s motor car. On 30 October 2006,
before the trial started, Koh’s counsel, Ms Tan Oi Peng, was given an
opportunity to consider amending Koh’s pleadings. She chose not to amend,
believing the pleadings to be in order. The trial then commenced with LCH
taking the stand. In the course of cross-examination, Ms Tan put to LCH
questions about the prior collision. This was objected to by counsel for the
third party, Mr M P Rai. The trial judge halted the cross-examination and
adjourned the proceedings in open court to deal with Mr Rai’s objections in
chambers.

5 In chambers, Mr Rai submitted that before the trial started, Koh had passed
up the opportunity to amend his Defence to raise the allegation of a prior
collision. It was a considered decision. Hence, Koh’s counsel was not entitled
to put to LCH a version of the accident that was not part of Koh’s pleaded
case. Further, Mr Rai argued that the defence raised was not a proper defence
as it skirted all the relevant issues and did not address the material facts.
In effect, the defence did not disclose any plea of any collision between the
lorry and the motor car, or between the lorry and the taxi, or of any sequence
of how the accident occurred. In short, the facts pleaded were not
sufficiently clear that Koh was alleging that LCH and/or Chan were responsible
for the collision. Mr Rai, citing _Rajendran a/l Palany v Dril-Quip Asia
Pacific Pte Ltd_ [2001] 3 SLR 274 in support of his arguments, concluded that
the defence did not show a _prima facie_ defence to Lim’s claim, and the third
party proceedings did not show any basis for a claim by Koh for contribution.
Counsel for both sides (Lim and the third party) applied for the Defence and
the Third Party Statement of Claim to be struck out under O 18 r 19(1) of the
Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5 2006 Rev Ed) which reads:

19 —(1) The Court may at any stage of the proceedings order to be struck out
or amended any pleading or the endorsement of any writ in the action, or
anything in any pleading or in the endorsement, on the ground that —

(a) it discloses no reasonable cause of action or defence, as the case may be;

(b) it is scandalous, frivolous or vexatious;

(c) it may prejudice, embarrass or delay the fair trial of the action; or

(d) it is otherwise an abuse of the process of the Court,

and may order the action to be stayed or dismissed or judgment to be entered
accordingly, as the case may be.

6 Ms Tan maintained that the issue of prior collision was contained in
paragraph 4 of the Defence, but if the trial judge was not with her on this
point, she would make an oral application to amend Koh’s Defence to plead that
the lorry collided into the motor car thereby causing the taxi to collide into
the lorry. In short, there was a prior collision.

7 The trial judge was not disposed to hear any arguments on amendments to the
Defence without a formal application before her. No draft of the proposed
amendments was tendered to assist the court. In any case, the trial judge
found that the omissions in Koh’s pleadings concerned material facts that were
fundamental to his case against both Lim and the third party. Agreeing with
counsel, the trial judge struck out the Defence and Third Party Statement of
Claim and gave final judgment in Lim’s favour against Koh. At the conclusion
of the hearing in chambers, LCH who was still on the stand, so to speak, was
formally released as a witness.

8 On 28 December 2006, Koh applied to the District Court for leave to appeal
against the decision of the trial judge, but leave was refused. Leave to
appeal was required under s 21(1) of the Supreme Court of Judicature Act (Cap
322, 1999 Rev Ed) as the amount in dispute was less than $50,000. In the
present application, Koh argued that leave to appeal ought to be granted on
the ground that the trial judge made a _prima facie_ error of law by firstly,
striking out the Defence and the Third Party Statement of Claim at the trial
stage, and secondly, refusing to allow Koh to amend the Defence.

9 In addition, Koh sought to set aside the judgment of 30 October 2006 on the
basis that Koh had a more than arguable defence in the light of the evidence
of an accident reconstruction expert, one Leo Chi Yung (“Leo”). In that
connection, Koh sought leave to adduce Leo’s affidavit dated 6 December 2006.

Whether leave to appeal should be granted

**_Was there a prima facie case of error of law_**

10 The application was made on the basis that the trial judge had erred in law
in striking out the Defence and the Third Party Statement of Claim. That is
one of the threeguidelines for granting leave to appeal (see _Lee Kuan Yew v
Tang Liang Hong and another_ [1997]3 SLR 489 at [16] and _Abdul Rahman bin
Shariff v Abdul Salim bin Syed_ [1999] 4 SLR 716 at [31]).

11 Recently, the Court of Appeal in _IW v IX_ [2006] 1 SLR 135 clarified that
‘ _prima facie_ error’ related to errors of law, not fact. The appellate court
at [20] stated:

In _Abdul Rahman bin Shariff v Abdul Salim bin Syed_ , Tay Yong Kwang JC (as
he then was) clarified at [30] that the test of _prima facie_ case of error
would not be satisfied by the assertion that the judge had reached the wrong
conclusion on the evidence. Leave should not be granted when there were mere
questions of fact to be considered. He said that it must be a _prima facie_
case of error of law that had a bearing on the decision of the trial court. In
our opinion, this is a useful amplification of the first guideline set out in
_Lee Kuan Yew v Tang Liang Hong_.

12 Even though the defence was not amended to include a plea that there was a
prior collision, Mr Roy Manoj, as counsel for Lim, and Mr Rai, for the third
party, accepted, and rightly so, that there was nonetheless a residual defence
apparent from a reading of the Defence. The Defence had averred to various
negligent acts or omissions on the part of LCH and Chan in paragraph 4 of the
Defence under “particulars of negligence of [LCH]” and “particulars of
negligence of the third party”. Koh alleged that LCH and Chan failed to slow
down, swerve and stop. Essentially, Koh’s position was that Chan’s (the third
party’s agent) sudden stop or braking led to the collision of the vehicles.
Koh testified to this in his affidavit of evidence-in-chief filed in a related
suit and notice of intention to use this affidavit in MC Suit No 25641 of 2005
was given.

13 I hasten to add that for the purposes of O 18 r 19, a weak defence did not
mean that there was no defence and the pleadings struck out on that account.
In _The "Tokai Maru"_ [1998] 3 SLR 105, the Court of Appeal at [44] observed:

The principles governing the court’s discretion to strike out a pleading under
O 18 r 19 on the ground that no reasonable defence is disclosed are well
established. A reasonable defence means one which has some chance of success
when only the allegations in the pleadings are considered: per Lord Pearson in
_Drummond-Jackson v British Medical Association_ [1970] 1 All ER 1094, cited
with approval by Rubin J in _Active Timber Agencies Pte Ltd v Allen &
Gledhill_ [1996] 1 SLR 478. The hearing of the application should not
therefore involve a minute examination of the documents or the facts of the
case in order to see whether there is a reasonable defence. To do that is to
usurp the position of the trial judge and the result is a trial in chambers,
on affidavits only, without discovery and without oral evidence tested by
cross-examination in the ordinary way (see _Wenlock v Moloney & Ors_ [1965] 2
All ER 871). _The mere fact that the defence is weak and not likely to succeed
is no ground for striking it out, so long as the pleadings raise some question
to be decided by the court_ (see _A-G of Duchy of Lancaster v London and North
Western Railway Co_ [1892] 3 Ch 274). In short, the defence has to be
obviously unsustainable on its face to justify an application to strike out.

[emphasis added]

14 Before I come to the application proper, I must refer to one more
authority. A judge is said to have erred in law if his discretion was
exercised in a way that was plainly wrong. This was so held by the English
Court of Appeal in _Instrumatic, Ltd v Supabrase_ [1969] 1 WLR 519. So the
question of whether the trial judge was right in exercising her discretion in
the way she did is a matter of law.

15 In my judgment, the trial judge misdirected herself in concluding that
there was no defence disclosed in the Defence and in so doing, erred as to the
law, and with that, she further erred in the exercise of discretion by
deciding to strike out the Defence and Third Party Statement of Claim and to
enter judgment in favour of Lim without turning to consider the right of Koh
as a defendant to test Lim’s case. It behoved the trial judge to be scrupulous
to minimise any prejudice to Koh especially after the trial has started.
Justice to Koh overwhelmingly required that he be given the opportunity to
further cross-examine LCH which could have been done as LCH was still on the
stand. The trial could have resumed following the trial judge’s decision not
to entertain Ms Tan’s oral application to amend the Defence. This right to
cross-examine LCH at the trial proper could not be taken away, however strong
Lim’s case was. As Choo Han Teck J pointed out in _Soh Lup Chee and others v
Seow Boon Cheng and another_ [2004] SGHC 8 at [20],

The basic rule is that the plaintiff must first prove its case to the court.
The task of the Defence is to expose the weaknesses and flaws in that case so
that the court may, on a balance of probabilities, find that the plaintiff’s
case cannot be sustained.

A striking out of the Defence summarily, particularly at the trial itself,
enables judgment to be entered, by which process the basic rule is bypassed
and that is unfair. Besides, Koh’s pleaded Defence was also a live issue which
could only be determined after hearing oral evidence upon examination of the
witnesses in open court. Striking out the Defence and the Third Party
Statement of Claim in the course of the trial prevented Koh from offering
evidence of witnesses.

16 Although O 18 r 19 expressly states that the court “may at _any_ stage of
the proceedings” order to strike out any pleading, case authority has shown
that pleadings were usually struck out at the interlocutory stage of the
action in order to save time and costs (see _Chee Siok Chin and another v
Attorney-General_ [2006] 4 SLR 541 at [27]). If the case has reached the point
of trial without having been struck out, it must be only in an exceptional
case that such an application is granted and on receipt of a valid explanation
for the lateness of the application (see _Halliday v Shoesmith and another_
[1993] 1 WLR 1 at 5, a decision of the English Court of Appeal where the
application to strike out the pleadings was made at the commencement of the
trial after the costs of preparation for the trial had been incurred). Nothing
exceptional about the case was brought up to the trial judge, and I could not
imagine the sort of situations that might justify a striking out once the
trial has started given my views in [15] above.

17 The decision of _Blockbuster Entertainment Limited v James_ [2006] EWCA Civ
684 is not an analogous case, but a parallel can be drawn from the principle
reaffirmed by the English Court of Appeal which is of general application and
of relevance to this application. James, a former employee, had made claims
against the appellant company (“Blockbuster”), alleging racial harassment,
victimisation and discrimination. James was ordered to particularise his claim
and reply to a request for further information. Exchange of witness statements
and the preparation of lists of documents were also ordered. James did not
comply with the orders. On the morning of the hearing, James brought documents
which he wished to rely on but had not served on Blockbuster. He had also
added matters to a witness statement which were not in the draft that had been
provided to Blockbuster. He had also not complied with the order for further
particulars and had not given proper exchange of witness statements. The
tribunal ordered a striking out of the claim. The tribunal found that James
had deliberately flouted its orders. The Employment Appeal Tribunal reversed
the decision. Blockbuster appealed against the decision that it was
inappropriate to strike out the claim. The Court of Appeal held that striking
out on procedural grounds was only justified in an extreme case especially of
a claim that had arrived at the point of trial. It could only be in a wholly
exceptional case that a history of unreasonable conduct which had not until
that point caused the claim to be struck out could now justify its summary
termination.

18 As mentioned earlier, with respect to the trial judge, her finding that
there was no defence on the face of the pleadings where there was a residual
defence was an erroneous conclusion of law, and her subsequent order striking
out the Defence and the Third Party Statement of Claim was plainly a wrong
exercise of discretion. It is not a valid reason to strike out the pleadings
merely because the case is weak (see [14] above), and more so at the trial
stage for the reasons given in [15] above. On both counts, there was an error
of law constituting sufficient ground to allow leave to appeal.

19 It was urged upon me by Mr Rai that I should not grant leave to appeal
given the relatively small underlying claim, citing Kan Ting Chiu J’s
observations in _Goh Kim Heong & others v A_  _T & J_  _Company Pte Ltd_
[2001] 4 SLR 262 at [33] in support of his proposition. That case is
distinguishable. As I have stated, with respect, the decision of the trial
judge was in the circumstances as a whole unjust such that court time and
costs would have to be expended on this small claim by allowing the
application.

**_Other Matters_**

20 Having reached the conclusions above, it was not necessary for me to deal
with the other arguments canvassed by Ms Tan. Suffice it to say that Ms Tan
had not identified in what way an error of law had occurred in the court’s
refusal to entertain Ms Tan’s oral application to amend the Defence after she
had earlier been given an opportunity to consider the matter. Second, Ms Tan’s
application to set aside the judgment in default under O 13 r 8 on the ground
that Koh had a meritorious defence was misconceived. She conflated an
application to set aside the judgment under O 13 r 8 with an application for
leave to appeal. Third, the application for leave to use the affidavit of Leo,
an Engineering Executive at LKK Auto Consultants Pte Ltd, who prepared an
Accident Reconstruction Report dated 15 November 2006, was not relevant for
this application.

Conclusion

21 For the foregoing reasons, I allowed Koh’s application for leave to appeal
with no order as to costs. I made it clear that the leave to appeal was
confined to Koh’s pleaded Defence in MC Suit No 25641 of 2005 and, needless to
say, this included his case in the third party proceedings.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 29 May 2007 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

