Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Public Prosecutor v Norezam bin Mohsin and Others  
[2007] SGHC 180

Case Number | : | CC 22/2007  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 17 October 2007  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Choo Han Teck J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Francis Ng and Shawn Ho (Deputy Public Prosecutor) for Prosecution; Abdul Jalil Tahir (A J Tahir & Co) for the first accused; Ramesh Selvaraj (Allen & Gledhill) for the second and fourth accused; Subhas Anandan and Sunil Sudheesan (KhattarWong) for the third accused; Eugene Thuraisingam (Allen & Gledhill) for the fifth accused; S S Dhillon (Dhillon & Partners) for the sixth accused   
Parties | : |  Public Prosecutor — Norezam bin Mohsin; Abdul Shahed s/o Akbal Ali; Abdul Razak Bin Abdul Hamid; Mohamad Rizal Bin Mohamed Amin; Mohamed Hishamadi Bin Rahmat; Khairul Iskandar Bin Khamsani   
  
Criminal Procedure and Sentencing – Sentencing – Principles – Whether there
should be parity in sentencing between cases of broadly similar facts  
  

17 October 2007 |   
---|---  
  
Choo Han Teck J:

1 The six accused persons were members of a motorcycle gang called the “Onyx”.
On 16 September 2006 the six accused together with other members of the gang
gathered in the vicinity of Kelantan Lane with the intention of attacking
members of the rival “Alif” gang. They went from there to Magazine Road where
they armed themselves with knives, and finally to Central Square where they
spotted Zainal bin Nek with his girlfriend seated outside a 7-Eleven store.
The fifth accused went up to Zainal and began slashing him with his knife.
Zainal ran and was pursued by the accused persons. The fifth accused caught up
first and slashed Zainal one more time. When Zainal stumbled, the others
attacked him. It was not known how the rest of this assault was carried out
other than the admission by all the accused persons to the statement of facts
that they had struck Zainal repeatedly with knives.

2 All six accused pleaded guilty to the joint charge under s 304(a) read with
s 149 of the Penal Code, Cap 224 for culpable homicide not amounting to
murder. They also admitted to the statement of facts. The accused persons vary
in age, the sixth accused being the youngest at 20 at the time of the offence
and the fifth accused the oldest at 33. The first accused was 27. All accused
were ably represented by counsel who mitigated on their behalf. The first
accused was a first offender and submitted through counsel that he was not a
member of the Onyx gang. He admitted to the offence but said that his role was
minimal. I noted that he was of good character in school as borne out by his
principal’s testimonial.

3 All the accused persons appear remorseful for Zainal’s death, and each of
them has his own mitigation. The fifth accused, had a history of drug
dependency and depression. He was also the oldest and from the statement of
facts, the first to lead the assault and was the only one specifically
identified as having knifed Zainal and causing at least three slash wounds.
The statement of facts mentioned that all the others had used their knives but
no details were given. In the circumstances, I was of the view that only the
sixth accused merited a lower sentence on account of his youth. I accepted
that although equally culpable for the death, his participation was not as
severe as the others. I thus sentenced him to seven years imprisonment and six
strokes of the cane. I was of the view that the circumstances did not merit
any differentiation for the others (except for the fifth accused) and so
sentenced them to ten years imprisonment and 12 strokes of the cane each. The
fifth accused being the instigator of the moment and having led the charge,
ought to have a slight differentiation in sentence from the others. I thus
ordered that he be given 18 strokes of the cane.

4 Counsel for the first accused relied on _PP v Norhisham bin Mohamed Dahlan_
[2004] 1 SLR 48 for the proposition that “parity in sentences between cases of
broadly similar facts was desirable, but not an overriding principle”. In that
case, the prosecution appealed against a sentence of ten years imprisonment
and 16 strokes of the cane meted out by the first instance court. The DPP
argued that an accomplice, Hasik, was sentenced to life imprisonment by
another court _PP v Hasik bin Sahar_ [2002] 3 SLR 149. _Norhisham_ and _Hasik_
were related cases and were, in turn, related to _PP v Fazely bin Rahmat_
[2003] 2 SLR 184. These three cases arose from the same incident in which a
young man was killed, but the circumstances before and during the incident
were vastly different from the present; and more importantly, the
circumstances leading to the plea of guilty of the various accused persons
involved were unusual.

5 _Norhisham_ (appeared to be unrepresented) and _Hasik_ pleaded guilty to an
offence under s 304(a) of the Penal Code, whereas Fazely and another accused
claimed trial to a charge of murder. Both accused were acquitted of the charge
but found guilty of an offence of rioting under s 147. On appeal, the Court of
Appeal amended the conviction to one under s 325 for causing grievous hurt.
There were a few others in the same incident who were sentenced to three years
imprisonment for their role in getting taxis for the attackers. I am of the
opinion that the circumstances of these four groups of cases were very unusual
and none of them was a reliable example for the proposition that counsel
advanced on behalf of the first accused, namely that the first accused ought
to have a discrete sentence from the others in this case on account of the
different roles. I accepted that the personal circumstances of each accused
were different, but the only accused person whom I was prepared to impose a
more lenient sentence was the 20-year old sixth accused. As for the rest,
other than the fifth accused, the circumstances were not sufficiently
different to merit any clear distinction between them.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 17 Oct 2007 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

