Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Ganesh s/o M Sinnathamby v Public Prosecutor  
[2007] SGHC 189

Case Number | : | MA 58/2007  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 02 November 2007  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Lee Seiu Kin J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Uthayasurian Sidambaram (Surian & Partners) for the appellant; Janet Wang (Attorney-General's Chambers) for the respondent   
Parties | : |  Ganesh s/o M Sinnathamby — Public Prosecutor   
  
Insolvency Law – Bankruptcy – Offences – Leaving jurisdiction without prior
permission of Official Assignee – Whether there was compulsory custodial
sentence on bankrupts contravening travel restrictions – Whether fact that
offender already discharged bankrupt when proceedings commenced against him
warranting departure from normal sentencing tariff – Section 131(1)(b)
Bankruptcy Act (Cap 20, 2000 Rev Ed)  
  

2 November 2007 |   
---|---  
  
Lee Seiu Kin J:

1 The appellant pleaded guilty to three charges of leaving the jurisdiction
without the prior permission of the official assignee (“OA”) under s 131(1)(b)
of the Bankruptcy Act (Cap 20, 2000 Rev Ed) (“the Act”). After taking 52
similar charges into consideration, the district judge sentenced the appellant
to four weeks’ imprisonment on each charge, two of which were ordered to run
consecutively, resulting in a total imprisonment term of eight weeks.

2 The current factual matrix is unprecedented as the appellant was at the time
the proceedings were commenced against him, already a discharged bankrupt, as
opposed to prior sentencing precedents which dealt with undischarged
bankrupts.

3 The present appeal has been brought by the appellant against sentence on the
basis that the district judge failed to consider that the appellant was a
discharged bankrupt at the material time of the proceedings and that she had
wrongly applied sentencing principles. The primary issue is whether the fact
that the appellant is a discharged bankrupt amounts to an exceptional
circumstance warranting deviation from a custodial sentence.

Summary of facts

4 The statement of facts tendered below was accepted by the appellant without
qualification. The appellant admitted that he had left Singapore for India on
three separate occasions, namely 3 May 2003, 27 December 2003 and 10 March
2004, for periods of between two and 16 days, without the permission of the OA
which he was required to obtain. Several other trips were made to Malaysia and
Indonesia, which formed the subject matter of the charges taken into
consideration. The appellant did not dispute the fact that he knew that he
needed the consent and permission of the OA before leaving the jurisdiction of
Singapore.

5 In mitigation, counsel for the appellant submitted that his multiple trips
to Malaysia and Indonesia were work-related. He was offered employment on a
commission basis which required travel to these countries at short notice. It
was highlighted that the application to the OA at that time could not be done
through the internet as it now can be. It entailed a waiting period of about
two weeks. As the appellant was then in dire financial straits, he could not
afford to give up his employment which was the only means of sustaining his
extended family who were all dependent on him. In these circumstances, he
travelled to Malaysia and Indonesia without obtaining the requisite
permission.

6 However those charges were not proceeded with and were only taken into
consideration for the purposes of sentencing in accordance with s 178 of the
Criminal Procedure Code (Cap 68, 1985 Rev Ed). The prosecution proceeded on
three charges which pertained to trips to India made by the appellant in May
and December 2003 and March 2004. The appellant submitted that the first trip
on 3 May 2003, which lasted for a period of about 15 days, was organized by
his wife to fulfil a vow at a temple after her difficult childbirth and that
the entire trip was financed and arranged by the wife’s family. Being informed
at short notice, he was unable to muster sufficient funds to pay the
outstanding arrears at the time and made the decision to travel as he did not
want to disrupt the plans made by his wife, whose child was sickly.

7 The second trip on 27 December 2003 spanned seven days and involved a
pilgrimage trip to India for which he was designated group leader. He had
contravened the travel requirements out of fear of embarrassment and ridicule
of his peers as the group did not know of his bankruptcy status.

8 The final trip on 10 March 2004, which lasted for two days, was made at the
request of a close friend to secure an affidavit from a witness in relation to
a legal matter the friend was involved in. His assistance was required on an
immediate basis and the appellant did not apply for permission due to the
urgency of the matter. No debts were incurred for any of the three trips, as
all expenses were borne by his travel companions.

9 Counsel for the appellant conceded that these grounds did not absolve the
appellant from liability but nonetheless submitted that a fine would suffice
given that a custodial sentence would disrupt the appellant’s settled life and
throw into disarray the stability he had built up over the two years since his
discharge.

The decision below

10 In the proceedings below, the prosecution conceded that this was an
unprecedented case and that they were unaware of the offences until the
appellant was granted a discharge by the OA. I observed that the prosecution
there had accepted that “a fine would be appropriate in the circumstances”.
While I accept that the district judge was not bound by this submission, it
was clearly a relevant factor in the assessment of the sentence.

11 After hearing the submissions of both parties, the district judge concluded
that the appellant’s discharge did not amount to an exceptional circumstance
which warranted a departure from the usual benchmarks of custodial sentences
established in _PP v Choong Kian Haw_ [2002] 4 SLR 776 (“ _Choong Kian Haw’s_
case”)(see _Public Prosecutor v Ganesh s/o M Sinnathamby_ [2007] SGDC 95).

12 While the district judge considered (at [20]) that the imposition of fines
on the appellant could, in light of his discharged status, achieve the desired
punitive effect, she emphasized that the “accused had committed the said
offences at the time when he was still an undischarged bankrupt, for which
like-minded persons should be deterred from committing such offences in
future” and also noted that the accused had not fully paid up the debt he
owed.

13 Finally, the district judge held that the fact that a bankrupt was
currently discharged would be a mitigating factor to be taken into account in
that he was unlikely to commit such offences in the future. That said, she
concluded that this would only go so far as to determine “the length of the
custodial sentence to be imposed”. For reasons that will be discussed below,
this proposition necessitates further clarification.

The present appeal

**_Offences under s 131(2) of the Bankruptcy Act_**

14 As a starting point, it would be helpful to set the appropriate context for
discussion by tracing the main features of the travel restrictions imposed by
the present bankruptcy regime.

15 It is an offence to leave Singapore without the prior permission of the OA.
Section 131(1)(b) of the Act provides that an undischarged bankrupt “shall not
leave, remain or reside outside Singapore without the previous permission of
the Official Assignee”. Failure to comply with this provision attracts a
criminal sanction of a fine not exceeding $10,000 or to imprisonment for a
term not exceeding 2 years or to both (see s 131(2)).

16 It must be emphasised at the outset that our legislative regime provides
for a broad spectrum of punishment, ranging from a fine to imprisonment for
two years. A custodial sentence is not mandatory and there is clearly a
judicial discretion to impose a fine in lieu of punishment. Within this
statutory range, it is the duty of the court to determine the degree of
severity of punishment to achieve the legislative objective in question.

17 This legislative objective was recently clarified by the Minister for Law,
Professor S Jayakumar during the Parliamentary debates held on 16 July 2007
(vol 83) in relation to undischarged bankrupts leaving Singapore without
permission as follows:

The main purpose of requiring a bankrupt to seek the OA’s permission for
overseas travel is to help the OA in the administration of the bankruptcy
estate, and to prevent the bankrupt from hiding income earned or disposing his
assets overseas.

18 This accords with the _raison d’etre_ of the offence then articulated by CJ
Yong (as he then was) in the seminal case _Choong Kian Haw_ (at [28]) as
follows:

The purpose of prohibiting an undischarged bankrupt from leaving the
jurisdiction without the previous permission of the Official Assignee is to
ensure that the Official Assignee can monitor the bankrupt’s movements to
properly administer his affairs for the benefit of his creditors. A bankrupt
who goes overseas without permission would have opportunities to salt away his
assets, earn income or acquire assets abroad without accounting for them to
the detriment of his creditors, since the Official Assignee would not have the
power to supervise his affairs. As such, it is necessary to treat every
infraction of s 131(1)(b) seriously.

19 As is to be expected, not every infraction of s 131(1)(b) will result in
prosecution. With more than 24,000 bankrupts, the OA must take a targeted
approach. Factors to be considered in an assessment of whether to prosecute
the errant bankrupt include, _inter alia_ , whether the bankrupt has travelled
without permission before, the length of stay overseas, whether he has been
generally cooperative with the OA and whether he has committed other offences.
In appropriate cases, the OA may issue a warning in lieu of prosecution.

20 Statistically, the number of bankrupts prosecuted for leaving Singapore
without obtaining the OA’s permission has been increasing. In 2006, 77
bankrupts were prosecuted for unauthorized travel, whereas the corresponding
figures for 2005 and 2004 were 68 and 40 respectively. As for issued warnings
in lieu of prosecution, the figures for the same three preceding years are 22,
21 and 6 respectively. Overall, however, the current system has worked well as
the vast majority of bankrupts seek the requisite permission before they
travel. In 2006, the OA received some 34,000 applications for permission to
travel, of which about 90% were approved. Only about 0.4% of the total number
of bankrupts are taken to task annually for unauthorized travel.

21 These statistics reflect the overall administrative efficiency of the
bankruptcy travel restriction regime, reinforced in part by the broad powers
conferred on the OA under s 116 of the Act to detain the passport of a
bankrupt or issue a direction to the Commissioner of the Immigration and
Checkpoints Authority to prevent the bankrupt from going overseas. These
various methods of enforcement constitute the repertoire of tools available to
the OA in the discharge of his duty to administer the estates of bankrupts.
This in turn affects the appropriate penalty to be imposed for a failure to
comply with those restrictions.

**_Sentencing tariff_**

22 In _Choong Kian Haw’s_ case, CJ Yong discussed the guidelines relating to
offences under this section and clarified (at [24]-[25]) as follows:

24 The magistrate misread my decision in _PP v Ong Ker Seng (supra)_. In that
case, I did not contradict the trite principles that fines may be imposed in
appropriate circumstances. However, I stated my view that _fines were, in
general, not a suitable means_ _of punishment since bankrupts would typically
lack the means to pay for the fines themselves. If they had the funds to pay
the fines, these monies should clearly be channelled instead to the unpaid
creditors. If they lacked the funds and a third party paid for them, the
punitive effect of the punishments is diminished. These concerns apply with
equal force to the sentencing of bankrupts in general._ They are not limited
to offences committed under s 141(1)(a).

25 I was of the view that the case law clearly stood for the proposition that
_a custodial sentence would generally be imposed for the offence of leaving
the jurisdiction without the previous permission of the Official Assignee. The
burden was on the offender to show that there were such exceptional
circumstances in his case that it warranted a deviation from the usual
imposition of a custodial sentence_ …

[emphasis added]

23 The force of the argument, that the imposition of a fine would not be
adequate punishment in the case of an undischarged bankrupt, is compelling.
However it is not clear how a bankrupt would be able to get his hands on money
to pay the fine except in cases where it is paid by family members or friends.
Therefore, except where a third party is prepared to pay the fine, an
undischarged bankrupt would invariably serve the imprisonment imposed in
default of payment of the fine. Subsequent to _Choong Kian Haw’s_ case, the
lower courts have tended to impose custodial sentences for such cases. Indeed,
this sentencing trend was so prevalent that it was raised in Parliament on 2
March 2007 (at vol 82 col 2338) by Mr Inderjit Singh, whose comments were as
follows:

Sir, one particular example of how harsh the regime here is, is the case of
bankrupts who leave Singapore … Many of these persons get hauled up before the
courts and face criminal sanction under the Bankruptcy Act, section 131, where
the Act punishes them with either a $10,000 fine or a jail term of two years.
But unfortunately, we had a precedent set by the former Chief Justice where,
under the case of Public Prosecutor _vs_ [Chung Kian How], he decided that
punishment for this offence should be a jail term. And subsequently, the
Subordinate Courts are bound by this precedent. I am not a lawyer, but I think
they are bound by this precedent set by the High Court.

I think the courts should not be playing the role of Parliament and I hope
that the Minister can explain this. I suggest that the Minister look at
Chapters 7 and 13 and also the harshness of this rule to be reduced.

24 Notably, the response by the Senior Minister of State for Law, Associate
Professor Ho Peng Kee was couched in the following terms:

[W]hy are they jailed? This is a court decision, but let me just say that they
are not all jailed because, in fact, the Act allows for a person to be either
jailed or fined. So I would say that we should leave it to the court to look
at the facts and circumstances of the case because every case is unique –
whether he has travelled before, how long he stays away, whether he is a
cooperative bankrupt, whether he has other offences hanging over his head.
That is why I think we should leave it to the court. My assurance to Mr Singh
is that there are cases where the bankrupt is only fined and not jailed. So it
is not mandatory jail.

25 Unfortunately, the foregoing exchange underscores a misconception that the
case of _Choong Kian Haw_ has unfairly imposed a sentencing “precedent” that
compels the imposition of a custodial sentence on bankrupts who contravene
travel restrictions under the Act. This is clearly not the case.

26 To begin with, it should be highlighted that CJ Yong prefaced his
guidelines by stating in no uncertain terms that he “did not contradict the
trite principles that fines may be imposed in appropriate circumstances”
(above at [22]). On appeal, the prosecution tendered a list of cases in which
fines were in fact imposed in cases where the accused had taken a small number
of trips out of the jurisdiction. While the number of trips may be an
important factor to be considered in determining the appropriate sentence
(insofar as it reflects the degree of recalcitrance), it is undoubtedly not
the sole factor.

27 On this note, I feel compelled to reiterate that whilst past cases serve as
focal guidelines for the sentencing court, these “tariffs” should be applied
with due appreciation of the unique facts and circumstances of each individual
case (_Soong Hee Sin v PP_ [2001] 2 SLR 253). It remains the duty of the court
to remain apprised of all relevant factors and to seize the “judicial
prerogative to tailor criminal sanctions to the individual offender” (_Syeed
Chowdhury v PP_ [2002] 1 SLR 301 at [15]).

28 Unfortunately, there has been, to date, no case where a discharged bankrupt
has been convicted for a breach of the offence in the present case. This
brings me to the central issue – whether the fact that the appellant had been
discharged as a bankrupt constitutes an exceptional circumstance as
encapsulated in _Choong Kian Haw’s_ case which would warrant a departure from
the normal sentencing tariff. Alternatively, it can be viewed as a situation
that brings the present case out of those precedents.

**_The appropriate sentence_**

29 In the context of our bankruptcy regime, it is essential that the court
strives, in the words of the Minister for Law, Professor S Jayakumar at the
Second Reading of the Bankruptcy Bill on 25 August 1994 to “strike a balance
between the interest of the debtor, the creditor and society” (see
Parliamentary Reports vol 63, col 399).

30 Accordingly, of crucial importance to my assessment of the appropriate
sentence to be imposed is the unprecedented fact that the appellant was, at
the time of the conviction, no longer an undischarged bankrupt. In fact, the
appellant’s conviction occurred more than two and a half years after his
discharge as the prosecution only initiated proceedings against him some two
years after his discharge. The key difference in the present case is that a
sentence of a fine would bite and the consideration in _Choong Kian Haw’s_
case, that a fine would in general not be a suitable punishment for
undischarged bankrupts, would not be relevant here. That being the case, a
consideration of the appropriate sentence to be imposed on the appellant would
proceed from first principles and not with a blinkered reference to the
custodial sentence imposed in _Choong Kian Haw’s_ case.

31 I therefore turn to consider the circumstances of the appellant’s offences.
I observed that the appellant had, since his discharge, secured some measure
of stability in his life and was gainfully employed. The imposition of a
custodial sentence would clearly disrupt his life and moreover, would serve no
specific deterrent purpose given that there was no chance of him committing
the same offence (as he was no longer a bankrupt). In mitigation, I further
noted that he was remorseful and had pleaded guilty at the first available
opportunity. He had also been diagnosed with heart problems and had made
“unselfish contributions” to his church for the benefit of others.

32 Notwithstanding the foregoing, the harsh reality remained that the
appellant had committed multiple offences which mandated a severe punishment
signalling the court’s disapproval of his quite blatant conduct. The fact that
the accused was presently discharged should not detract from the fact that he
had left the jurisdiction when he was still an undischarged bankrupt.

33 However, taking into consideration that the appellant had already secured
discharge two and a half years ago, I was of the view that a fine would be
sufficiently punitive as the fines would have to be paid out of his own
pocket. However in view of the number of contraventions, it was my opinion
that a heavy fine would be appropriate, one that was near the top end of the
range.

Conclusion

34 For the reasons set out above, I ordered the district judge’s original
sentence of 4 weeks’ imprisonment for each charge to be substituted with a
fine of $8,000 (in default 4 weeks’ imprisonment) for each of the three
charges.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 02 Nov 2007 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

