Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## TCL Industries (Malaysia) Sdn Bhd v ICC Chemical Corp  
[2007] SGHC 211

Case Number | : | Suit 24/2005, RA 137/2007  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 05 December 2007  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Belinda Ang Saw Ean J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Simon Jones and Seeni Syed Ahamed Kabeer (Grays LLC) for the plaintiff; Peter Gabriel and Kelvin Tan (Gabriel Law Corporation) for the defendant   
Parties | : |  TCL Industries (Malaysia) Sdn Bhd — ICC Chemical Corp   
  
Civil Procedure  
  

5 December 2007 |   
---|---  
  
Belinda Ang Saw Ean J:

1 This was an appeal by the plaintiff, TCL Industries (Malaysia) Sdn Bhd,
against that part of the order of the Assistant Registrar made on 21 May 2007
directing the plaintiff to give discovery of twelve categories of documents.
At the conclusion of the hearing, I allowed the appeal and ordered the
defendant, ICC Chemical Corporation, to pay the costs of the appeal and below
fixed at $3,500 together with reasonable disbursements. The defendant has
since filed a notice of appeal to the Court of Appeal.

2 The brief history of this case is that the plaintiff contracted to purchase
from the defendant 3000 mt of benzene at a price of US$387 per mt. The benzene
was for the manufacture by the plaintiff of maleic anhydride, a raw material
for paints, unsaturated polyester resins and certain food products. The terms
of the contract provided that the defendant was to deliver the benzene before
the second half of August 2003. The defendant, however, only delivered 2000 mt
of benzene on or about 11 September 2003, leaving a shortfall of 1000 mt.
Sometime in October 2003, the plaintiff notified the defendant that its plant
had to be closed for 8 days as a result of the latter’s breach. It also
demanded delivery of the balance 1000 mt of benzene. Following this, there
were negotiations between the parties, with the defendant asking for a
revision in the price of the balance quantity since the price of benzene had
increased substantially from August 2003. Notwithstanding the plaintiff’s
refusal to comply with the defendant’s request, the plaintiff was led to
believe and did so believe that the defendant would deliver the balance
quantity. This state of affairs continued until on or about 24 May 2004 when
the defendant announced that it was not going to deliver the balance 1000 mt.
Soon after, the plaintiff brought this action claiming damages for breach of
contract.

3 After a six-day trial, interlocutory judgment with damages to be assessed by
the Registrar was entered in the plaintiff’s favour on 30 May 2006. The
defendant was held liable for (i) the late delivery of the August shipment,
which resulted in a shutdown of the plaintiff’s plant from 3 September 2003
until 11 September 2003, and (ii) the non-delivery of the balance 1000 mt of
benzene. As regards the late shipment the trial judge rejected the defendant’s
submission that the plaintiff failed to mitigate its losses. The plaintiff’s
witness had given a reasonable explanation as to why the plaintiff could not
keep surplus stock of the product due to storage constraints. The unchallenged
evidence submitted by the plaintiff also demonstrated a difficulty in
obtaining an alternative supply of benzene to produce maleic anhydride. The
defendant appealed against the trial judge’s decision on the following issues:
(i) the causal link between the late delivery and the shutdown of the plant,
(ii) the plaintiff’s reasonable efforts towards mitigation of their losses
and, (iii) the non-applicability of the _force majeure_ clause. The appellate
court dismissed the defendant’s appeal on 8 November 2006.

4 The defendant justified the application for specific discovery under O 24 r
5 of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2006 Rev Ed) on grounds of relevance.
In the supporting affidavit of Paul Falick (“Falick”), the defendant’s general
counsel, it was said that the plaintiff’s list of documents filed on 29 March
2007 was wholly inadequate and, hence, a further list was required. Prior to
the application made by way of Summons entered no 1891 of 2007 and dated 30
April 2007 (“the Summons”), the defendant had on 13 March 2007 asked for
further discovery of the documents described in the Schedule to the Summons.
Except for some areas, the Assistant Registrar refused the application.
Specifically, the Assistant Registrar ordered limited discovery of 12
categories of documents. For expediency, an extract of the order of 21 May
2007 for limited discovery of the 12 categories of documents is found in the
annexure to this Grounds of Decision.

5 Similarly, it is useful to reproduce below Falick’s affidavit which sets out
in a table the 12 categories of documents described in the Schedule and the
reasons for their relevance. The 12 categories of documents listed in the
Schedule are items 1(c), 4, 5, 9, 11, 12, 13, 14(b), 17, 18, 19, and 21.

S/N | 

> Description

|

> Reason  
  
---|---|---  
1 |  Specific details of the 4 components of the “Wasted Fixed” Costs: … (c) details of the interest expenses incurred for 2003 and broken down into each month. Also to provide documents to show when such interest was incurred and the purpose of the same. |  To establish the actual amount of costs incurred during the shutdown period, and to determine whether any such costs were proximately caused by the breach (which is a different issue from whether the breach caused the shutdown).  
4 |  Production reports for the months of September 2003 to December 2003 (daily and monthly). |  To establish the production quantities of maleic anhydride and the usage of benzene for the production.  
5 |  Daily readings of the utilities consumption (gas, power and water) for the months of August 2003 and September 2003. |  To establish if there was any increase in utilities consumption for the period of the shutdown, and if so, the amount of such increase.  
9 |  Daily inventory log sheets for the month of September 2003 to December 2003. |  To establish the inventory status  
11 |  All documents referring to, relating to, or showing the utility costs incurred on a daily basis (broken down by gas, power and water) for the period 1 July 2003 through 31 May 2004. |  To establish if there was an increased usage of utilities, and if so, the amount of such increase.  
12 |  All documents showing the identity and capacity of all storage tanks at the TCL facility for storing benzene and for storing maleic anhydride for the period 1 July 2003 through 31 May 2004, and the quantity stored in each tank during that period. |  To establish whether maleic anhydride was stocked up to sell to customers, thereby lessening the impact of the plant shutdown and late delivery.  
13 |  All documents referring to, relating to or showing the amount of maleic anhydride stored at TCL’s facility on 2 September 2003 when the plant shut down and the dates of shipment of the said material from the TCL facility. |  To establish whether maleic anhydride was stocked up to sell to customers thereby lessening the impact of the plant shutdown and late delivery.  
14 |  Regarding the Supplemental affidavit of evidence-in-chief of Mr Rama Raju dated 21 September 2005, … (b) Documents showing interest expenses incurred during the year 2003, and the documents showing when such interest was first incurred and the purpose of the same. |  To determine whether the interest damages claimed were attributable to the plant shutdown period and, if so, the amount of such interest.  
17 |  Copies of all customer orders (and executed contracts) for maleic anhydride during the period 1 January 2003 through 31 May 2004. |  To find out if there were in fact instances of orders the plaintiff could not fulfil due to non-delivery or late delivery.  
18 |  Copies of all customer orders for maleic anhydride sold which were open as of 2 September 2003, the date of the plant shutdown. |  To find out if there were in fact instances of orders the plaintiff could not fulfil due to non-delivery or late delivery.  
19 |  All documents showing whether these customer orders were filled (late or otherwise) or cancelled, and the dates and details of same. If any cancellations, copies of all correspondence with customers or customers’ representatives. |  To find out if there were in fact instances of orders the plaintiff could not fulfil due to non-delivery or late delivery.  
21 |  All documents related to the profit margin for the production of maleic anhydride for the period 1 January 2003 to 31 May 2004, including general ledger records relating to the same. |  To establish the actual price paid by the plaintiff for the benzene and establish the losses/profits, if any, made by the plaintiff during the period for which damages are claimed.  
  
6 In the affidavit deposed by Amirtham Mohan (“Mohan”), the Singapore
representative of the plaintiff, Mohan explained the plaintiff’s objections to
the application. The first objection is that most of the documents requested
by the defendant had already been provided in discovery. The plaintiff filed a
supplemental list of documents (for assessment of damages) on 29 March 2007
and more than 2,570 documents had been disclosed. That supplemental list also
included, where relevant, the documents requested by the defendant on 13 March
2007. Those documents could, as Mohan deposed, either support the plaintiff’s
calculations for wasted costs due to the plant closure or damage its case.
Furthermore, prior to 29 March 2007, the plaintiff had given discovery in two
previous lists filed on 21 July 2005 and 19 September 2005. For purposes of
the assessment of damages, counsel for the plaintiff, Mr Simon Jones, had
informed the defendant’s lawyers in a letter dated 27 March 2007 that
documents disclosed in previous lists would also be relied upon in future
affidavits filed for the assessment of damages. In that connection, Mohan
accused the defendant of seeking further discovery without first studying the
documents already disclosed. Second, the documents sought were neither
relevant nor necessary for the determination of the quantum of damages since
the plaintiff had elected to claim for wasted costs in the sum of US$88,366 as
opposed to claiming losses arising from the late delivery of 2000 mt of
benzene, namely loss of profits. The claim of US$88,366.00 represents the
wasted costs incurred in respect of salaries and wages, administrative
expenses, interest expenses, depreciation and utilities. Third, the documents
sought pertain to matters already been decided by the trial judge and those
matter were either not appealed against or were dismissed on appeal.[note:
1]Consequently, the matters are _res judicata_ and cannot be raised at the
assessment of damages.

7 In criticising the application as nothing more than tactics to stymie the
progress of the assessment of damages, the plaintiff pointed to the
exceedingly wide scope of the application. In short, the application should be
approached with circumspection as the defendant merely brought the present
application for specific discovery to add to the escalating time and costs in
the present proceedings. Elaborating, Mohan recounted what he had described as
tactics adopted over the past two years to “maximise the [plaintiff’s]
inconvenience and legal expense in this action”. According to Mohan, before
the trial ended, the defendant filed a Complaint in the US District Court of
Southern New York seeking a declaration that any judgment of the Singapore
court was unenforceable in the USA. The application was dismissed by the New
York District Court on 6 March 2006. Thereafter, the defendant appealed to the
US Court of Appeal, 2nd Circuit. The appeal was heard on 29 September 2006. It
was subsequently dismissed. The defendant’s petition for a rehearing was also
dismissed. In Singapore, the defendant appealed against the trial judge’s
decision and the Court of Appeal affirmed the decision on 8 November 2006.
Mohan accused the defendant of engaging in unmeritorious extended litigation
aimed at protracting the dispute to the detriment of the plaintiff who did not
have the same financial deep pockets of the defendants. He asked therefore for
the appeal to be allowed.

8 I begin with the eight categories of documents listed in the Schedule which
can easily be disposed of. First, as regards (i) items 1(c) and 14(b) (on the
purpose for which interest was incurred); (ii) items 5 and 11 (on utilities,
namely readings and costs respectively); and (iii) item 9 (on daily inventory
log sheets from 14 September 2003 to 31 December 2003), Mr Jones submitted
that the documents ordered to be discovered were already disclosed. Mr Jones
took me through the documents to demonstrate his point. It is quite
unnecessary to go into this aspect of the plaintiff’s submissions in any
length since counsel for the defendant, Mr Gabriel Peter, did not or was
unable in any meaningful way to contradict Mr Jones on this point. Second, Mr
Jones submitted that discovery of documents post shutdown was unfounded.
Having elected to claim for expenses rendered futile by the defendant’s late
delivery of 2000 mt of benzene as opposed to a claim for loss of profits,
discovery of documents under item 4 (production reports from 14 September 2003
to 31 December 2003), items 5 and 11(utilities namely readings for gas and
water consumption from 13 – 30 September 2003; readings for power consumption
for the months of August 2003 and September 2003), and item 9 (daily inventory
log sheet from 14 September 2003 to 31 December 2003) of the Schedule for the
period post shutdown was really quite unnecessary and carried the matter no
further at all. In effect, the defendant was asking for further discovery on a
matter which was not in question between them. It is worth mentioning that the
trial judge found that “the defendant caused and is liable for the shutdown of
the plaintiff’s plant for the period 3-11 September 2003.”[note: 2] As the
entire plant was at a standstill, it was alleged that all finance costs were
necessarily incurred. The general ledger disclosed gave a breakdown of the
interest expense on a monthly basis and the reason for the interest
charge.[note: 3] By the same token, with the plant shutdown other fixed costs
that were wasted are being claimed. In my judgment, it is for the plaintiff to
satisfy the court at assessment of damages that the various components of
fixed costs such as salaries and wages, administrative expenses, interest
expense, utilities and depreciation are properly claimable as wasted costs in
relation to the plant shutdown. As for items 12 and 13, Mr Jones argued that
the documents ordered to be discovered were irrelevant given the measure of
damages for non-delivery of the 1000 mt of benzene. Mr Peter had no answer and
found himself agreeing with Mr Jones on the issue of relevance for those two
categories of documents. Notably, Mr Peter’s request for further arguments
sent on 2 July 2007 was confined to only items 17, 18, 19 and 21 of the
Schedule. This is a point which merits observation for it reinforces the
matters recounted here as to the scope of the arguments and the position taken
by counsel at the hearing. In the circumstances, there was no basis for
further discovery. I therefore allowed the appeal in respect of items 1(c), 4,
5, 9, 11, 12, 13 and 14(b) of the Schedule on the grounds that they were on
the one hand already disclosed or on the other irrelevant, or both.

9 Rather similar considerations apply to the next categories of documents
under items 17, 18, 19 and 21 of the Schedule. I did not think they were
appropriate categories in which to require disclosure. The crux of the
Assistant Registrar’s decision is contained at p 25 of the Notes of Arguments,
which essentially underpins her decision to allow the defendant’s application
for specific discovery. She wrote:

From what parties have submitted before me, it seems to me that Plaintiff and
Defendant have very different conceptions as to how the damages being claimed
should be calculated. For the “wasted fixed costs” claim arising from late
delivery of benzene, Plaintiff appears to take the view that the only relevant
consideration is the actual fixed costs incurred during the period of plant
shutdown; whereas Defendant takes the broader view that the overall trend in
production and fixed costs for the whole of 2003 should be looked at.
Similarly, for the claim for general damages arising from the non-delivery of
benzene, the Plaintiff takes the view that the only thing that is relevant is
the difference between the contract price and market price of benzene; whereas
Defendant’s stance is that the court should also look at whether the increased
price which Plaintiff paid for alternative supplies of benzene was passed on
to the Plaintiff’s customers. I am of the view that which of these methods of
calculating damages is the appropriate one is a matter to be decided by the
court hearing the [assessment of damages], with the benefit of evidence from
both parties’ experts. At this point in time, Defendant is entitled to those
documents which would support the case it seeks to make based on its proposed
method of ascertaining the damages payable to Plaintiff.

10 The Assistant Registrar agreed with the defendant that the documents listed
under items 17 to 19 of the Schedule were relevant to ascertain how much
benzene the plaintiff had to buy at market price so as to meet its customers’
orders. She thus ordered discovery of these documents for the period from 1
July 2003 to 31 May 2004 with consequential orders to protect confidentiality
of the plaintiff’s clientele base. As for item 21, this related to the
disclosure of documents pertaining to the plaintiff’s profit margins from 1
July 2003 to 31 May 2004. In agreeing with the defendant, the Assistant
Registrar said that item 21 documents were relevant to the claim of non-
delivery of benzene in that if the plaintiff had passed on the price hike to
its customers that should proportionately reduce the amount recoverable as
damages. She thus ordered that discovery of documents showing profit margin
from 1 July 2003 to 31 May 2004 (subject to consequential orders in respect of
confidentiality of the plaintiff’s customers). Mr Jones rejected the reasoning
criticising the defendant for misunderstanding its case.

11 Plainly, the quantum of damages is for the plaintiff to prove. However, the
defendant, for the purposes of this application, has to justify the need for
specific discovery. In this case, the plaintiff has elected to claim wasted
costs incurred after the contract was entered into. It is settled law that the
plaintiff has the right of election in respect of the measure of damages
(_ie._ between “wasted costs/expenditure” and loss of profits). The legal
position is sufficiently summarised in _C.C.C Films (London) Ltd v Impact
Quadrant Films Ltd_ [1985] QB 16:

The plaintiff claiming damages for breach of contract had an unfettered choice
whether to claim loss of profits or wasted expenditure; that although a
plaintiff might be motivated to elect the latter claim where he believed that
he would have suffered little or no loss of profit or where he was unable to
prove what his loss of profit would have been, he was not required to adduce
to establish any of those matters before electing to make his claim on that
basis; and that accordingly, neither the plaintiffs’ failure to establish by
evidence that they would have suffered _no loss of profit_ or that their _loss
or profit would have been small nor their inability to prove what their loss
or profit_ would have been, precluded them from claiming wasted expenditure
_as an alternative to loss of profits._

[Emphasis added]  __

12 In _Anglia Television Ltd v Reed_ [1972] 1 QB 60, a decision which was
adopted in _Van Der Horst Engineering Pte Ltd v Rotol Singapore Ltd_ [2006] 2
SLR 599, the English court observed:

The plaintiff having elected to claim their wasted expenditure instead of
their loss of profits, were not limited to the expenditure incurred _after the
contract_ but could claim the expenditure incurred _before the contract_ if it
was reasonably in the contemplation of the parties as likely to be wasted if
the contract were broken.

[Emphasis added]

13 A useful starting point is to look at the reason stated in the Summons and
Falick’s affidavit for discovery of the documents described in items 17 to 19.
It was to enable the defendant to “find out if there were in fact instances of
orders the plaintiff could not fulfil due to non-delivery or late delivery.”
In so far as the late delivery claim is concerned, I was of the view that
there was no basis for further discovery of documents listed under items 17 to
19 and 21. The trial judge found that the demand for maleic anhydride was in
excess of production in August 2003 and the plant shutdown was due to the late
delivery. Mr Jones also pointed out that the plaintiff stopped taking some
orders during this period.[note: 4] In any case, at the hearing on 25 June
2007, Mr Peter’s arguments on items 17 to19 and 21 were entirely made in the
context of the non-delivery claim.

14 I now consider the relevance of items 17 to 19 and 21 of the Schedule for
the non-delivery claim.

15 Mr Jones maintained that the plaintiff’s loss for non-delivery was to be
measured by the difference between the contract price and the market price as
at the date of the breach (“the price differential measure”). The most obvious
manifestation of this general rule is to be found in s 51(3) of the Sale of
Goods Act (Cap 393, 1999 Rev Ed) in the case of a refusal or failure by a
seller to deliver goods to a buyer where there is an available market.
Essentially, where there is an available market for whatever has been lost,
this measure of damages is _prima facie_ applicable. In this case, the
plaintiff argued that the appropriate date to apply to measure the price
differential should be 24 May 2004. The rationale for the price differential
measure is explained by Toulson J in _Dampskibsselskabet “Norden” A/S v Andre
& Cie SA_ [2003] 1 Lloyd’s Rep 287 at para 42 in the following language:

The rationale is that in such a situation that measure represents the loss
which may fairly and reasonably be considered as arising naturally, i.e.
according to the usual course of things, from the breach of contract (_Hadley
v Baxendale_ , (1854) 9 Exch. 341 at p.354). It is fair and reasonable because
it reflects the wrong for which the guilty party has been responsible and the
resulting financial disadvantage to the innocent party at the time of the
breach. The guilty party has been responsible for depriving the innocent party
of the benefit of performance under the original contract (and the innocent
party is simultaneously released from his own unperformed obligations). The
availability of a substitute market enables a market valuation to be made of
what the innocent party has lost, and a line thereby to be drawn under the
transaction. Whether the innocent party thereafter in fact enters into a
substitute contract is a separate matter. He has, in effect, a second choice
whether to enter the market - similar to the choice which first existed at the
time of the original contract, but at the new prevailing rate instead of the
contract rate (the difference being the basis of the normal measure of
damages). The _option_ to stay out of the market arises from the breach, but
it does not follow that there is a causal nexus between the breach and a
_decision_ by the innocent party to stay out of the market, so as to make the
guilty party responsible for that decision and its consequences. The guilty
party is not liable to the innocent party for the effect of market changes
occurring after the innocent party has had a free choice whether to re-enter
the market, nor is the innocent party required to give credit to the guilty
party for any subsequent market movement in favour of the innocent party.

[Emphasis in original text]

16 An aspect of this rationale as Toulson J explained at 293 is that damages
for breach of contract (such as a contract for sale) are normally assessed as
at the date of the breach (“the breach date rule”). Generally, the date of
breach is a way of defining the market price. In this case, the trial judge
rightly left the date of the breach of contract to the court conducting the
assessment. The plaintiff said the date of the breach for assessing damages
should be 24 May 2004. It was not seriously disputed that the court can depart
from the breach date rule where it judges it necessary or just to do so in
order to give effect to the compensatory principle. This is again a matter for
the court conducting the assessment of damages. There may well be
circumstances in which the defendant is justified in seeking to persuade the
court hearing the assessment of damages that the measure of damages should be
assessed as at a different date. However, where specific discovery is sought
as was the case here, it is necessary for the defendant to at least draw out
the facts of this case which would make it unjust to apply the normal price
differential measure. That was not done. Furthermore, Mr Peter referred to a
“floating breach date” without stipulating an alternative date which is more
appropriate in the circumstances for assessing damages. It seems to me that it
ought to be properly raised in Falick’s affidavit. The omissions lend weight
to the arguments of “fishing” which the rather extensive request for discovery
in respect of items 17 to 19 and 21 seemed to suggest.

17 On the facts as Mr Jones pointed out, the plaintiff went out to the market
to replace the contractual quantity that was not delivered and the purchases
have been disclosed. Unless the breach date rule is displaced at assessment of
damages, and bearing in mind the observations of Toulson J reproduced in [15]
above, the sales of maleic anhydride to its customers to determine the profit
margin of the plaintiff is irrelevant as it is outside to the equation for
assessing the normal measure of damages (_ie_ the price differential measure).
The price differential represents the loss resulting in the ordinary course of
events from the defendant’s breach of contract. In addition and as stated, the
defendant must, at least, point to some factual basis as justification for
departing from the normal measure of damages. Before me, the defendant had not
advanced any convincing arguments, apart from a bald assertion in its
application for further arguments made on 2 July 2007 that the requested
documents form a reasonable train of inquiry bound towards the resolution of
the relevant issue of the quantum of loss. In my view, to allow further
discovery based on Falick’s affidavit is tantamount to allowing a line of
investigation without proper foundation to get out of hand. The Court of
Appeal in _Tan Chin Seng & Others v Raffles Town Club Pte Ltd_ [2002] 3 SLR
345 made some pertinent observations at [35] with a view to properly
circumscribing the “train of inquiry” formulation applicable under O 24 r 5:

While the principle on “train of inquiry” is incorporated in r 5, it is
nevertheless necessary for the _applicant party_ to show in what way the
requested document may lead to a relevant document … The plaintiffs here did
not attempt to show any such linkage other than _stating baldly that there
could be a train of inquiry._ It was clear that the plaintiffs just wanted the
specified documents (as ordered by the assistant registrar) and not that the
discovery of those documents (which we ruled to be irrelevant) might lead to
relevant documents … _In modern litigation, discovery must be kept under
proper control._

[Emphasis added]

On the facts before me, I was of the view that the defendant did not satisfy
the twin pillars of relevance and sufficient necessity (for the fair disposal
of the matter) central to a successful discovery application.

Conclusion

18 For all the reasons stated above, I allowed the appeal with costs here and
below fixed at $3,500 together with reasonable disbursements to the plaintiff.

> > > > > > > Suit No. 24 of 2005  
>  (SUM No 1891 of 2007)
>>>>

>>>> _Extract of the 21 May order relating to 12 categories of documents_

>>>>

>>>>> > > > Schedule 1

Orders-in-Term with limitations made by Asst Registrar Tan Wen Shan on Monday
21 May 2007 in respect of the following items:-

1\. Item 1(c) - O.I.T. prayers 2 to 4 but limited to documents showing the
purpose for which interest was incurred.

2\. Item 4 - O.I.T. prayers 2 to 4 but limited to the production reports for
the period from 14 September 2003 to 31 December 2003.

3\. Item 5 - O.I.T. prayers 2 to 4 but limited to:

(a) daily readings for gas and water consumption for the period from 13-30
September 2003 (Plaintiff has already disclosed the daily readings for the
period from 1 July 2003 to 12 September 2003) and

(b) daily readings for power consumption for the months of August and
September 2003.

4\. Item 9 - O.I.T. prayers 2 to 4 but limited to the daily inventory log
sheets for the period from 14 September 2003 to 31 December 2003.

5\. Item 11 - O.I.T. prayers 2 to 4 but limited to documents showing the daily
utility costs for the months of July to December 2003. Should Plaintiff take
the position that it does not have documents showing the daily utilities
_costs_ but only has documents showing the daily utilities _readings_ ,
Plaintiff to state so on Affidavit and to then provide the documents showing
the daily utilities readings for the period from July to December 2003.

6\. Item 12 - In lieu of the documents sought by Defendant, O.I.T. of prayers
2 to 4 limited to documents showing the amount of benzene which Plaintiff had
in store, whether at or outside Plaintiff’s plant, for the period from 14
September 2003 to 31 May 2004.

7\. Item 13 - O.I.T. prayers 2 to 4 but limited to documents showing the
amount of MA which Plaintiff had in store, whether at its plant or elsewhere,
for the period from 14 September 2003 to 31 May 2004.

8\. Items 17, 18 and 19 - O.I.T. prayers 2 to 4 but limited to documents for
the period from 1 July 2003 to 31 May 2004, and with liberty for Plaintiff to
blank out the names of its customers and other confidential details relating
to the identity of its customers when providing discovery. Also where Item 19
is concerned, discovery of Plaintiff’s correspondence with its customers re
cancelled orders not allowed.

9\. Item 21 - O.I.T. prayers 2 to 4 but limited to documents showing the
profit margin for the period from 1 July 2003 to 31 May 2004. Again, liberty
for Plaintiff to blank out customers’ names and other confidential details
relating to the identity of its customers on these documents.

* * *

[note: 1] Mohan’s affidavit dated 15 May 2007 para 66

[note: 2] [2006] SGHC 88 at para 87

[note: 3] Plaintiff’s submissions dated 25 June 2007 para 26

[note: 4] Plaintiff’s submissions dated 25 June 2007 para 85

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 05 Dec 2007 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

