Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Metro Alliance Holdings & Equities Corp v WestLB AG  
[2007] SGHC 175

Case Number | : | Suit 446/2006, RA 15/2007, 16/2007  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 15 October 2007  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Lee Seiu Kin J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Timothy Kho (Tan Peng Chin LLC) for the plaintiff; Harish Kumar (Engelin Teh Practice LLC) for the defendant   
Parties | : |  Metro Alliance Holdings & Equities Corp — WestLB AG   
  
Contract – Contractual terms – Conditions – Whether full assignment and
transfer of legal and beneficial title condition precedent to payment of
balance purchase price  
  
Contract – Discharge – Breach – Whether failure to pay balance purchase price
discharging contract and resulting in forfeiture of deposit  
  
Equity – Relief – Against forfeiture – Whether equitable relief could be
granted to contracts unconnected with any interests in land – Whether
forfeiture of deposit unconscionable  
  

15 October 2007 |   
---|---  
  
Lee Seiu Kin J

1 The plaintiff is a company incorporated in the Philippines. The defendant is
a German bank with a branch in Singapore. In this suit, the plaintiff claims
against the defendant the sum of US$1,635,000.00, alternatively damages, for
repudiatory breach of a written agreement dated 2 June 2003. The facts of the
matter are as follows.

2 Sometime in early 2003, the plaintiff was interested to purchase a sub-
participation interest in the debt owed by a Philippines company, Bataan
Polyethylene Corporation (“BPC”), to an international consortium,
International Finance Corporation (“IFC”). Initially, the plaintiff was
referred to Citigroup Financial Products Inc (“Citigroup”) as a bank from whom
they could buy such an interest. Citigroup advised that there were
restrictions in the master participation agreement preventing the plaintiff
from taking a direct assignment of a sub-participation interest from
Citigroup. However, Citigroup recommended the defendant as a party that could
purchase the sub-participation interest from Citigroup and thereafter sell and
transfer this interest to the plaintiff.

3 Following discussions between the plaintiff and defendant, the plaintiff
agreed to purchase from the defendant a sub-participation interest in the debt
of BPC in respect of the principal amount of US$29,198,650. To this end, the
parties signed an option agreement and a trade confirmation agreement, both
dated 2 June 2003. Under the option agreement, with the defendant as vendor
and the plaintiff as purchaser, the plaintiff was granted a call option over
the “option participation assets” which comprised the sub-participation
interest in question of the debt of BPC. Pursuant to the call option, the
plaintiff has the right to require the defendant to sell to the plaintiff the
option participation assets (or part thereof) subject to the terms specified.
The consideration for this is a “premium” which is the price at which the
defendant purchased the option participation assets plus transaction costs.
The plaintiff may exercise the call option by serving a written notice to the
defendant whereupon the defendant is obliged to sell the option participation
assets for the sum of US$1.00.

4 Clause 3.2 of the option agreement required the plaintiff to deposit the sum
of US$1,632,242 (“the Deposit”) into a New York bank account (“the Account”)
within three days of the date of the agreement, and to deposit additional sums
from time to time as requested by the defendant. Clause 3.3 authorised the
defendant to transfer from the Account into its own account an amount equal to
the premium that the defendant estimates to be payable by the plaintiff. In
clause 3.4, the plaintiff authorised the defendant to purchase the option
participation assets at any price below or equal to the “mandate price”
(defined as 35% of the par value of each of the option participation assets,
or such other price as the parties may agree in writing) and in accordance
with the trade confirmation agreement issued by the defendant in the form
specified in Schedule 2 to the option agreement. Clause 3.5 provided that the
defendant shall not be obliged to purchase option participation assets if the
Account did not contain sufficient funds for the defendant to withdraw and
transfer an amount equal to the premium.

5 The trade confirmation agreement (referred to in the option agreement as the
confirmation notice), also dated 2 June 2003, provides the following
additional terms:

(a) under the title “Other Terms of Trade”:

(i) There will be full assignment and transfer of legal and beneficial title
to the Asset from the Vendor to Purchaser as soon as all necessary consents
are obtained under Loan documentations and at law,

(ii) Purchaser shall pay Vendor a non-refundable deposit of US$1,459,932.50
(the “Deposit”) three business days before the Signing Date,

(iii) Purchaser shall pay Vendor the remaining balance of US$8,759,595.00 (the
“Purchase Price Balance”) on Settlement Date.

(b) under the title “Termination Clause”:

The Purchaser’s rights to the Assets, the Deposit, the PDI and Other
Distributions shall be forfeited if the Purchaser fails to pay (a) the Deposit
three business days before the Signing Date or (b) the Purchase Price Balance
on Settlement Date, unless the Vendor, in its sole discretion, agrees to
extend the Signing Date or the Settlement Date, as applicable.

It is common ground that the signing date is 2 June 2003 and the settlement
date is 31 October 2003.

6 The plaintiff duly paid to the defendant US$1,635,509.73 comprising the
deposit of US$1,459,932.50 specified in term (ii) of “Other Terms of Trade”
plus interest and fees. The transaction broke down thereafter and the
plaintiff’s case is set out in paragraphs 4.6 to 4.8 of their Statement of
Claim as follows:

4.6 The Plaintiffs were to deposit with the Defendants part payment of the
Purchase Price of US$1,459,932.50 three business days before the signing date
of the Trade Confirmation Agreement.

4.7 In consideration, the Defendants were to immediately effect a “full
assignment and transfer of the legal and beneficial title to the Asset from
the Defendants to the Plaintiffs as soon as all necessary consents were
obtained under the Loan documentation and at law”.

4.8 There was provision for the Plaintiffs to pay the balance Purchase Price
of US$8,759,595 no later than 31 October 2003. The Plaintiffs say that the
full assignment and transfer of the legal and beneficial title to the Asset
referred to at paragraph 4.7 above was a condition precedent to the payment of
such balance Purchase Price. Otherwise, there would have been no consideration
or reason for the balance Purchase Price to be payable.

7 The defendant’s position is the direct opposite of that of the plaintiff’s
in paragraph 4.8. The defendant’s case is that it was a condition precedent
that the plaintiff placed the defendant in sufficient funds so that the
defendant could in turn pay the balance of the purchase price to Citigroup to
complete the purchase of the sub-participation interest. The entire dispute
hinges on the interpretation of the option agreement and the trade
confirmation agreement on this issue. The defendant also claims that the
contract between them was discharged by reason of the plaintiff’s failure to
pay the balance purchase price by the settlement date and that pursuant to the
termination clause in the trade confirmation agreement, the defendant was
entitled to forfeit the deposit. The plaintiff’s position, in the event that
it is found to be in breach, is that it is entitled to equitable relief from
forfeiture.

8 In Summons No 4576 of 2006 the plaintiff applied for summary judgment for
the sum of US$1,635,000. This application was dismissed by the assistant
registrar on 4 January 2007. The plaintiff appealed against this dismissal in
Registrar’s Appeal No 15 of 2007.

9 In Summons No 4587 of 2006, the defendant applied under O 14 r 12 of the
Rules of Court (Cap 322, R5, 2006 Edition) for a determination of the
following questions of law or construction:

(1) Whether the full assignment and transfer of the legal and beneficial title
to the Asset was a condition precedent to payment by the plaintiff of the
balance purchase price to the defendant?

(2) If not, then whether the contract between the plaintiffs and the
defendants was discharged by reason of the plaintiffs’ failure to pay the
Balance Purchase Price by the Settlement Date?

(3) Whether the Termination Clause in the WestLB-Metro Trade Confirmation is a
penalty and therefore unenforceable?

(4) Whether the plaintiffs are entitled in principle and/or on the facts to
equitable relief from forfeiture of the Deposit?

The defendant prayed for the plaintiff’s claim to be dismissed with costs if
the questions are determined in the defendant’s favour.

10 Summons No 4587 of 2006 was also heard in the same hearing on 4 January
2007. The assistant registrar determined the questions in the following
manner:

Question (1): No.

Question (2): Yes.

Question (3): No, not in the sense of _Dunlop Pneumatic Tyre Co Ltd v New
Garage and Motor Co Ltd_ [1915] AC 15 as the defendants were not seeking to
enforce the Termination Clause but rather that the plaintiffs were seeking
relief from forfeiture.

Question (4): No.`

11 In view of those determinations, the assistant registrar dismissed the
plaintiff’s claims in this suit and ordered it to pay costs to the defendant
fixed at $17,000 inclusive of disbursements. The plaintiff appealed against
this decision in Registrar’s Appeal No 16 of 2007.

12 Both Registrar’s Appeal Nos 15/2007 and 16/2007 were heard by me on 18 May
2007 at the end of which I dismissed the plaintiff’s appeals and awarded costs
to the defendant fixed at $10,000. The plaintiff filed a notice of appeal on
18 June 2007 against my decision and I now give my grounds of decision.

Question (1): Whether assignment of the [option participation assets] was a
pre-condition to payment by the plaintiff of the balance purchase price

13 There clearly is no such pre-condition and the position is in fact the
converse. Clause 2.1 of the option agreement provides as follows:

Call Option: In consideration of the payment by the Purchaser to the Vendor of
the Premium (payable in accordance with the provisions of Clause 3), the
Vendor hereby irrevocably grants to the Purchaser … the Call Option to require
the Vendor to sell to the Purchaser … the Option Participation Assets …

14 Clause 3.1 provides that the premium shall be the purchase price for the
option participation assets plus transaction costs. Clause 3.2 requires the
plaintiff to deposit, within three business days of the date of the option
agreement, the Deposit into an account in a New York bank. It also obliges the
plaintiff to deposit additional sums into that account within five business
days of written request by the defendant. Clause 3.3 authorises the defendant
to transfer from that account into its own account an amount equal to the
premium estimated by the defendant to be payable by the plaintiff in respect
of the option participation assets. Clause 3.5 provides as follows:

Sufficient Funds: For the avoidance of doubt, the Vendor shall not be obliged
to purchase Option Participation Assets if the Account does not contain
sufficient funds for the Vendor to withdraw and transfer an amount equal to
the Premium in accordance with Clause 3.3.

15 Clause 3.5 of the option agreement clearly provides that the defendant
shall not be obliged to purchase the option participation assets if the
Account did not contain sufficient funds for the defendant to withdraw and
transfer an amount equal to the premium. As the plaintiff had not paid up the
balance purchase price, there was simply no obligation on the part of the
defendant to purchase the option participation assets, let alone transfer
anything.

Question (2): Whether the contract was discharged by reason of the plaintiff’s
failure to pay the balance purchase price by the settlement date

16 The termination clause in the trade confirmation agreement provides as
follows:

The Purchaser’s rights to the Assets, the Deposit, the PDI and Other
Distributions shall be forfeited if the Purchaser fails to pay (a) the Deposit
three business days before the Signing Date or (b) the Purchase Price Balance
on Settlement Date, unless the Vendor, in its sole discretion, agrees to
extend the Signing Date or the Settlement Date, as applicable.

17 This clause clearly deals with the consequences of breach of the
plaintiff’s obligation to pay the purchase price balance on the settlement
date. As the plaintiff had failed to make such payment by that date, the
defendant was entitled to forfeit the Deposit under this provision. I should
add that although labelled as a termination clause, this is more in the nature
of a liquidated damages provision as it limits the damages payable by the
buyer to the seller in the event of a breach of contract by the buyer.

Question (3): Whether the termination clause in the WestLB-Metro trade
confirmation is a penalty

18 Before me, counsel for the plaintiff conceded that the termination clause
is not a penalty. Therefore I need not deal with this issue, which the
assistant registrar had answered in the negative.

Question (4): Whether the plaintiff is entitled to equitable relief from
forfeiture of the Deposit

19 In _Pacific Rim Investments Pte Ltd v Lam Seng Tiong_ [1995] 3 SLR 1, the
plaintiff had entered into a sale and purchase agreement with the defendant
property developer for an uncompleted house, with provisions for payment by
instalments. There was a dispute over whether the parties were entitled to set
off sums owed in late completion interest and liquidated damages and both
parties contended that the other had wrongfully repudiated the agreement.
Although the suit was determined on the basis of other grounds, in its
judgment, the Court of Appeal dealt extensively with the issue of equitable
relief from forfeiture of the purchaser’s interest in land. Thean JA (as he
then was) cited Lord Wilberforce in _Shiloh Spinners Ltd v Harding_ [1973] AC
691 at [722] where he reaffirmed “the right of courts of equity in appropriate
and limited cases to relieve against forfeiture for breach of covenant or
condition where the primary object of the bargain is to secure a stated result
which can effectively be attained when the matter comes before the court, and
where the forfeiture provision is added by way of security for the production
of the result.” His Lordship added that in exercising such discretion to grant
relief, the court would consider the conduct of the applicant, in particular
whether his default was wilful, the gravity of the breaches, the disparity
between the value of the property of which forfeiture is claimed and the
damage caused by the breach.

20 Thean JA then referred to the House of Lords decision in _The Scaptrade;
Scandinavian Trading Tanker Co AB v Flota Petrolera Ecuatoriana_ [1983] 2 AC
694 which held that equitable relief from forfeiture was inapplicable in that
case, where the shipowner, who had chartered his vessel to the charterer under
a time charter, had withdrawn the vessel from hire for non-payment of hire on
the stipulated date. Lord Diplock held that what Lord Wilberforce said in
_Shiloh Spinners Ltd_ “was never meant to apply generally to contracts not
involving any transfer of proprietary or possessory rights”. Thean JA went on
to cite _Sport International Bussum BV v Inter-Footwear Ltd_ [1984] 1 WLR 776
for the proposition that equitable relief has not been granted to purely
commercial contracts unconnected with any interests in land, and declared at
paragraph 42 that there was:

no general principle that whenever a party to a contract is given a
contractual right to terminate or rescind the contract for a breach which
consists only of non-payment of a sum of money and where the purpose of
incorporating such right is to secure payment of that sum, there is an
equitable jurisdiction to grant relief against the exercise of such right of
termination or rescission.

In accepting that the court had the power in appropriate cases to grant relief
from forfeiture in a contract for sale of land, Thean JA said that such
jurisdiction would only be exercised in exceptional circumstances since the
courts would not ordinarily countenance a departure from contractual rights
and obligations. In order to invoke successfully the courts’ jurisdiction, the
circumstances of the case must reveal elements of unconscionability and
injustice.

21 In _Triangle Auto Pte Ltd v Zheng Zi Construction Pte Ltd_ [2001] 1 SLR 370
(_“Triangle Auto’s_ case”), Selvam J (as he then was) reviewed the law on
deposits and three cases: _Mayson v Clouet_ [1924] AC 980, _Linggi Plantations
Ltd v Jagatheesan_ [1972] 1 MLJ 89 and _Workers Trust & Merchant Bank Ltd v
Dojup Investments Pte Ltd_ [1993] 2 WLR 702. The judge concluded that if the
deposit was penal, that is, not reasonable as earnest money, the court could
grant relief from forfeiture of the deposit when the contract is discharged.
He found that this principle, established in contracts relating to the sale of
land also applied to contracts relating to the sale of goods.

22 The cases on relief from forfeiture of payments made in the context of a
contract that has been discharged have been examined in _Goff and Jones: The
Law of Restitution_ where the authors concluded as follows at [20-046]:

The scope of equity’s power to grant relief is then uncertain. The cases
suggest that the courts may relieve against the forfeiture of proprietary or
possessory interests if the forfeiture can be characterised as unconscionable.
It is doubtful whether the certainty of commercial transactions would be
endangered if, following Lord Denning in _Stockloser v Johnson_ , the courts
were to accept a jurisdiction to relieve against the consequence of forfeiture
of instalment payments, even if there was no forfeiture of a proprietary or
possessory right, if the forfeiture would be penal and out of proportion to
the loss suffered. Equity already relieves against the payment of penalties,
and may raise an estoppel against a person if it would be unconscionable for
him to assert his legal rights. It would be regrettable, therefore, to
conclude that the courts never have jurisdiction to relieve against the
forfeiture of such payments, made in the course of the performance of
commercial contracts, although it is proper to affirm that relief should be
granted only in exceptional circumstances and that the burden should be on the
party in breach to demonstrate that the retention of any payment was
unconscionable.

There is no doubt therefore that the burden is on the plaintiff to prove that
it would be unconscionable on the part of the defendant to forfeit the
Deposit.

23 The situation in this case does not concern the forfeiture of a proprietary
or a possessory right. It essentially concerns an arm’s length contract
between two parties who were advised by their solicitors at all times
pertaining to the purchase of a distressed debt. Even if the court has power
to grant relief against forfeiture in this case, it would be necessary to
inquire into the necessity, in the circumstances of this case, of exercising
such power, which alters the bargain between the parties. I am not satisfied
that the need to do so arises in this present case.

24 In support of their case for equitable relief, the plaintiff relied
principally on _Workers_ _Trust & Merchant Bank Ltd v Dojap Investments Ltd_
[1993] 2 WLR 702 (“ _Workers Trust’s_ case”), a decision of the Privy Council
on appeal from Jamaica. A purchaser of property from a bank had paid a deposit
of 25% of the price but failed to pay the balance purchase money in time. The
Privy Council held that as the customary practice was for a 10% deposit to be
taken, a vendor who seeks to obtain a larger amount must show special
circumstances to justify such a deposit. The bank was unable to do so and
their Lordships found the deposit to be unreasonable and granted the purchaser
equitable relief against forfeiture. The Privy Council ordered that the
deposit be refunded subject to a deduction of a sum to account of damages
which the bank may have suffered. This position was followed by the High Court
in _Triangle Auto’s_ case.

25 The plaintiff filed an affidavit by one Chun Jung Hoon, the business head
of the Korea/Japan corporate institutional group of ARAB Bank plc. He claimed
to be an expert in distressed debt transactions and gave his opinion that “it
has never been customary for any seller to require a deposit to be paid for
the distressed debt. The established customary practice in such transactions,
over the decades and even before that, is that no deposit is paid in the
purchase of a distressed debt.” He concluded that the deposit in the present
case, amounting to almost 15% of the purchase price, did not accord with the
customary market practice whereby no deposit is paid. Chun subsequently filed
a second affidavit in which he said that, “for the type of transactions such
as the proposed sale and purchase of the Asset in the present case, the
customary practice is not to have any deposit paid in advance …” However in
the next paragraph, he said that in the present case “if a deposit were to be
payable .. a reasonable deposit would be a nominal amount in the region of 1%
…” It should be noted that Chun had stated that it was customary that no
deposit would be paid, then proceeded to state that if a deposit were payable,
a reasonable (but no longer customary) deposit would be a nominal 1%.

26 I am not impressed by this evidence. Furthermore, the transaction in
question is not even the usual sale of distressed debt by a party that owns
such debt. It concerns a party, the defendant, who was brought in because it
had the qualification to purchase the debt from Citigroup and from which the
plaintiff could then purchase such debt once the defendant had acquired it
upon being put in funds by the plaintiff. Chun did not refer to a transaction
of this nature. Indeed it is difficult to say that there is anything customary
about this transaction and certainly there would be no such thing as a
customary deposit in such an unusual transaction. Chun was talking about a
normal transaction in distressed debts, although even for that, it is
difficult to fathom that it is anything near the established practice in
purchases in real property, which was what the _Workers Trust’s_ case is
concerned with.

27 I therefore found no grounds to grant relief against forfeiture in this
case.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 15 Oct 2007 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

