Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Public Prosecutor v Yusry Shah bin Jamal  
[2007] SGHC 188

Case Number | : | MA 82/2007  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 31 October 2007  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  V K Rajah JA   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Janet Wang (Attorney-General's Chambers) for the appellant; Ismail Hamid (Ismail Hamid & Co) for the respondent   
Parties | : |  Public Prosecutor — Yusry Shah bin Jamal   
  
Criminal Procedure and Sentencing – Sentencing – Appeals – Young offenders –
Accused charged with robbery and theft in dwelling – Relevant sentencing
considerations – Whether rehabilitation or deterrence dominant consideration
given seriousness of offence, culpability of accused and commission of
shoplifting while out on court bail – How court struck balance between giving
effect to rehabilitative considerations and need for deterrence particularly
where young offenders were concerned  
  

31 October 2007  |   
---|---  
  
V K Rajah JA:

Introduction

1 This was an appeal by the Public Prosecutor (“the Prosecution”) against the
sentence imposed on the respondent by the district judge. The respondent was
charged with robbery under s 392 read with s 34 of the Penal Code (Cap 224,
1985 Rev Ed) (“Penal Code”), together with four others. He was also charged
with an offence of shoplifting pursuant to s 380 of the Penal Code. The
respondent had pleaded guilty to both charges and accepted unreservedly the
Statement of Facts. In the result, the district judge sentenced the respondent
to a term of 30 months’ probation entailing six months of intensive probation
in a hostel and 24 months’ supervised probation with six months of e-tagging,
and the attendant conditions.

2 I heard this appeal together with _PP v Mohammad Al-Ansari bin Basri_ [2007]
SGHC 187 (“ _Mohammad Al-Ansari bin Basri_ ”) and allowed the Prosecution’s
appeal by substituting the probation order made by the district judge with a
sentence of reformative training with immediate effect. As the applicable
sentencing principles are largely identical with that discussed in my grounds
of decision for _Mohammad Al-Ansari bin Basri_ , it will be sufficient for the
purposes of the present appeal if I were simply to state the facts and refer
to _Mohammad Al-Ansari bin Basri_ to explain the reasons for my decision here.

The facts

3 Like _Mohammad Al-Ansari bin Basri_ ([2] _supra_), the facts in this appeal
are uncomplicated and can be stated with economy. On 31 March 2006 at about
8.04pm, the respondent, then 17 years of age, was with his three accomplices,
Mohamad Norhazri bin Mohd Faudzi (“Norhazri”), Khairul Zaman bin Mamon Basir
(“Khairul”) and Muhamad Dhiyauddin bin Ahmad (“Dhiyauddin”) in a Malaysian
registered vehicle (“the car”) entering Singapore via the Woodlands
checkpoint. Norhazri drove the car and met up with his cousin, Mohamed Fadzli
bin Abdul Rahim (“Fadzli”).The group then proceeded to Bedok Reservoir Road to
visit Norhazri’s grandfather.

4 It transpired that because of a staring incident involving an unknown group
of boys, the group, including the respondent, initially intended to confront
their antagonists. This showdown was only averted because the other group
dispersed. Subsequently, Norhazri and Dhiyauddin hatched a plan to obtain
money by staging a robbery. The respondent and Khairul agreed to this scheme
and the entire group, less Fadzli, then combed the vicinity for victims. After
a futile 20 minutes, Fadzli rejoined them. On the way to Geylang, Norhazri,
Fadzli and Dhiyauddin hatched a plan to rob sex workers. The respondent and
Khairul agreed to participate in this plan of action. As there was no space
left in the car to pick up sex workers, the group proceeded to Geylang Drive,
where the respondent, Khairul and Dhiyauddin alighted, leaving Norhazri and
Fadzli to prowl for sex workers.

5 Shortly thereafter, Norhazri and Fadzli met the victim, a foreign sex
worker, and went through the motions of negotiating payment with her in return
for her services. They lured the victim into the car and brought her to
Geylang Drive where the rest of group had been awaiting their arrival. As
planned, the respondent, Khairul and Dhiyauddin were alerted to the arrival of
the victim in the car. Following a signal from Norhazri and Fadzli, some
members of the group proceeded to attack the unsuspecting victim as she
stepped out of the car. As this was going on, the respondent and Khairul acted
as look-outs and stood near the victim. In the course of the attack, the
victim was forcefully disrobed and sexually assaulted by the respondent’s
accomplices. Khairul also held the victim’s shoulder and abdomen when the
latter fell and told her to keep quiet. A medical report on the victim’s
injuries subsequently revealed that she sustained multiple bruises on her
head, limbs and trunk. The victim’s handbag and valuables were also wrenched
from her. Subsequently, the group fled the scene, and the respondent and
Khairul were handed their share of $60 from the spoils of the robbery. The
respondent was 17 years old at the time of the offence.

6 After the respondent had been arrested for his role in the subject incident,
he brazenly committed another offence while on court bail. On 28 January 2007,
the respondent took two t-shirts and proceeded to the fitting room in a store
in Causeway Point, a shopping centre in Woodlands. When he subsequently
emerged from the fitting room with only one t-shirt in his hand, the manager
of the store queried him about the other t-shirt he had brought into the
fitting room. The respondent then pulled out the t-shirt from his bag and
acknowledged that he had intended to steal it. The respondent was later
arrested by the police and charged accordingly.

The district judge’s decision

7 The hearing before the district judge took place over four days sometime
between March and April 2007, and the district judge later issued her grounds
of decision in _PP v Yusry Shah bin Jamal_ [2007] SGDC 144 (“GD”). In the
course of the hearing, the district judge called for probation and reformative
training reports. The Prosecution strongly objected to probation, arguing that
in view of the seriousness of the offence and the circumstances, it was not
warranted. The Prosecution in turn submitted that the respondent should be
sent for reformative training at the reformative training centre if the
district judge was not minded to impose the sentence prescribed by ss 392 and
380 of the Penal Code.

8 In deciding whether probation could and should be granted, the district
judge considered three factors (GD at [48]): (a) the seriousness of the
offence; (b) the respondent’s prospects of reform and rehabilitation; and (c)
whether there were any other reasons militating against granting probation.
She reached the same conclusion as she had in _PP v Mohammad Al-Ansari bin
Basri_ [2007] SGDC 145, concluding that the respondent did not have a high
degree of involvement in the robbery as he was merely acting as a look-out and
as such the possibility of rehabilitation through probation could not be
conclusively ruled out.

9 The district judge also considered the respondent’s prospects of
rehabilitation to be good, particularly because he had strong familial
support. Weighing the seriousness of his first offence, the culpability of the
respondent, as well as his rehabilitative prospects, the district judge
concluded that the seriousness of the offence did not necessitate the
imposition of a term of imprisonment. She concluded that any public interest
in general deterrence would not be harmed by imposing a sentence other than
the term of imprisonment and caning prescribed by s 392 read with s 34 of the
Penal Code.

10 In dealing with the respondent’s shoplifting offence when he was out on
bail for his first offence (see [6] above), the district judge, after some
initial diffidence, was convinced by the respondent’s assertion that he had
learnt his lesson. Furthermore, the district judge took into account the
probation officer’s finding that the respondent was an immature youth who was
naïve in his thinking and that the shoplifting offence was not serious as it
only involved a small amount (GD at [61]).

11 Ultimately, the district judge decided that probation was more suitable to
meet the appropriate rehabilitative goals for the respondent due to his
personal circumstances, especially the strong family support which could be
afforded to him.

The decision of this court

12 For reasons which I have elaborated upon in _Mohammad Al-Ansari bin Basri_
([2] _supra_), which I briefly set out below, I was of the view that a
sentence of reformative training more appropriately balanced the
rehabilitation of the respondent with the need for deterrence, both specific
and general.

**_Can rehabilitation be the dominant consideration here?_**

13 Adopting the general analytical framework I had set out in _Mohammad Al-
Ansari bin Basri_ ([2] _supra_) at [77], the starting point was whether
rehabilitation can remain the predominant consideration notwithstanding the
youth of the respondent. I accepted the district judge’s conclusion that the
respondent’s prospects of rehabilitation to be good, particularly because he
had strong familial support. Furthermore, as was the case in _Mohammad Al-
Ansari bin Basri_ , while the robbery offence committed was serious, it was
certainly not so serious, or committed in such a wanton manner, for me to
conclude that the respondent was without any realistic prospect of reform.
Accordingly, rehabilitation could still be regarded as a dominant
consideration in this case .I was therefore extremely reluctant to impose the
statutorily prescribed mandatory punishment of at least three years
imprisonment and 12 strokes of the cane (for the offence of robbery committed
after 7.00pm and before 7.00am) on the respondent.

**_Reformative training better balanced rehabilitative aims with need for
deterrence_**

14 However, as for the question of seeking the proper balance between giving
effect to rehabilitation as a dominant consideration and the need for
deterrence, I felt that the balance had been wrongly struck by the district
judge.

_Seriousness of the offence and culpability of the respondent_

15 As a starting point, the principal offence committed in the present appeal
was nothing short of reprehensible and must be unequivocally deplored through
appropriate sentencing. In relation to the robbery, the respondent and his
accomplices had targeted a lone and vulnerable female victim in the early
hours of the morning, on the pretext of obtaining her sexual services, before
viciously and remorselessly turning on the unsuspecting victim in a deserted
area. The gravity of the offence was compounded by the indignity and extent of
the physical assault (and later, sexual assault) that was brought to bear on
the victim in the course of the robbery.

16 Specifically, while the respondent may not have been the prime initiator or
mover of the offending conduct, he was nevertheless a willing and conscious
participant in these disturbing offences. In fact, the respondent was a look-
out in the robbery. A look-out often plays a not unimportant role as he
provides support and comfort that allows the other offenders to commit the
crime unhindered. Often this permits the seriousness of an offence to be
exacerbated. This is precisely what happened in this matter. The respondent
acted as one of the look-outs as the robbery of the victim proceeded. Despite
being physically present and witnessing the distress of the victim, the
respondent not only did not call for help but persisted in his role that
facilitated the commission of the offence. These factors alone made it obvious
that the need for deterrence was high in this case. Accordingly, the
rehabilitative principle could not be given effect to in this case without
also taking into account the pressing need for deterrence.

_Commission of shoplifting offence while on bail_

17 Furthermore, the additional fact that the respondent committed a separate
offence, while on court bail, showed further that probation was not
appropriate. In _PP v Loqmanul Hakim bin Buang_ [2007] SGHC 159, I had
articulated the reason why an offence committed while on bail could be
considered an aggravating feature (at [54]):

[T]he granting of bail in every case involves a calculated assessment on the
part of the courts (or the police, in the case of police bail), incorporating
both a belief and trust that the alleged offender would not abuse his liberty
to reoffend against society and/or disrupt the administration of justice.
**_It appears to be now quite widely accepted that it is the blatant abuse of
such a position of trust that constitutes the aggravating factor when a party
commits an offence whilst on bail. Put another way, the accused’s culpability
for the offence is enhanced because he had exploited the trust that has been
reposed in him by the State_**. I should also point out that in England, by
virtue of s 29 of the Criminal Justice Act 1991, “the court _shall_ _treat_
the fact [_ie_ , offending on bail] as an aggravating factor” [emphasis in
original]: see [Nigel Walker & Nicola Padfield _, Sentencing: Theory, Law and
Practice_ , (Butterworths, 2 Ed, 1996] at p 43–44. There was, however, no
articulation of the rationale of this principle by the English Parliament; see
Christopher Harding and Laurence Koffman, _Sentencing and the Penal System:
Text and Materials_ (Sweet & Maxwell, 2nd Ed, 1995) … at p 156. [emphasis
added in bold italics]

At [61] of the same grounds of decision, I summarised the relationship between
this reason and the principles in sentencing:

To recapitulate, the commission of an offence whilst on bail is _aggravating_
in nature because it is consistent with two of the key sentencing
considerations, namely _retribution_ and _deterrence_ , though more so the
latter than the former. Accordingly, where the primary sentencing
consideration that is engaged represents one of these considerations, or both,
the fact that the offence had been committed on bail assumes further
significance meriting enhanced sanctions to reflect the abuse of trust and the
manifested proclivity for offending behaviour. [emphasis added in original]

18 Applied to the present case, these principles undoubtedly made the
respondent’s subsequent commission of the shoplifting offence while he was on
bail an aggravating feature. With respect, the district judge had not accorded
sufficient (indeed, any) weight to this factor but instead, rather
surprisingly, chose to accept the professed regret of the respondent after he
had been apprehended a second time by the police. In my view, any such
purported regret must in the prevailing circumstances be viewed with a very
large pinch of salt and accorded little weight; it is far more significant
that the respondent had not shown any such regret _after_ his first offence.
The need for deterrence (both specific and general) assumed greater importance
precisely because the respondent had committed the shoplifting offence while
on bail after being charged with the commission of a serious offence. Where
was the evidence of contriteness and acknowledgement of earlier wrongdoing
when he nonchalantly committed the shoplifting offence?

_The appropriate sentence in this case_

19 As such, for the reasons which I have elaborated upon in _Mohammad Al-
Ansari bin Basri_ ([2] _supra_), I concluded that the district judge
mistakenly tilted her decision in favour of the respondent in seeking to apply
the general principle of sentencing young offenders with a lighter touch. A
lighter touch which places an emphasis on rehabilitation does not and cannot
mean that young offenders who commit serious offences are left largely
untouched by the customary penal consequences. While I acknowledged the
relevance and applicability of rehabilitative efforts to the respondent in the
appeal before me, I concluded that the realisation of such an objective could
not preclude the general necessity for deterrence as a serious offence had
been committed, exacerbated by the fact that the respondent had committed a
second offence while out on bail for the first offence. In the result, I set
aside the district judge’s decision and sentenced the respondent to
reformative training with immediate effect.

20 On a related note, as I observed in _Mohammad Al-Ansari bin Basri_ ([2]
_supra_ , at [95]), another High Court judge had recently affirmed the
decision of the district court in _PP v Khairul Zaman bin Mamon Basir_ [2007]
SGDC 86 (“ _Khairul Zaman bin Mamon Basir_ ”), where the district judge
concerned had sentenced the accused to probation based on largely identical
facts. In fact, the accused in _Khairul Zaman bin Mamon Basir_ was involved in
the same instance of robbery as the respondent in the present case and could
be said to have had an even greater culpability in the commission of the
offence. However, since no grounds of decision have been issued, I do not
think that it is appropriate for me to speculate on the reasons for the
judge’s decision, save to reiterate the observations I made in _Mohammad Al-
Ansari bin Basri_ at [95]–[97].

Conclusion

21 For the reasons above, I allowed the Prosecution’s appeal and sentenced the
respondent to reformative training.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 31 Oct 2007 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

