Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Tee Soon Kay v Attorney-General  
[2007] SGCA 27

Case Number | : | CA 107/2006  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 04 May 2007  
Tribunal/Court | : | Court of Appeal  
Coram | : |  Lai Siu Chiu J; Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA; V K Rajah JA   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Ramayah Vangatharaman (Wee Ramayah & Partners) for the appellants; Walter Woon, Owi Beng Ki and Leonard Goh Choon Hian (Attorney-General's Chambers) for the respondent   
Parties | : |  Tee Soon Kay — Attorney-General   
  
Constitutional Law – Constitution – Interpretation – Whether public officer's
right to pension protected under Constitution – Articles 112, 113, 115
Constitution of the Republic of Singapore (1999 Rev Ed)  
  
Contract – Formation – Acceptance – Public officers voluntarily opting
irrevocably to convert from pension scheme to Central Provident Fund scheme –
Whether option entered into by public officers binding  
  
Statutory Interpretation – Construction of statute – Public officers
voluntarily opting irrevocably to convert from pension scheme to Central
Provident Fund scheme and then attempting to revert to pension scheme after
more than 30 years – Whether public officers having right to pension under s
9(d) Pensions Act such that condition of irrevocability governing conversion
from pension scheme to CPF scheme ultra vires – Sections 8(1), 9(d) Pensions
Act (Cap 225, 2004 Rev Ed)  
  

4 May 2007 |  Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA (delivering the judgment of the court):

**Introduction**

1 This is an appeal by Mr Tee Soon Kay, together with and on behalf of 99
public officers (collectively, “the appellants”), against the trial judge’s
decision in Originating Summons No 618 of 2006 (“the OS”) holding, _inter
alia_ , that the appellants were not entitled to revert to the pension scheme
as they had opted to convert from the pension scheme to the Central Provident
Fund (“CPF”) scheme in 1973.

**Background**

2 The appellants had all been appointed to the public service prior to 1
December 1972. They were Division III and IV officers. When first employed,
they were on the pension scheme and were under the Pensions Act (Cap 55, 1970
Rev Ed) which is now the Pensions Act (Cap 225, 2004 Rev Ed) (“the Act”). As
counsel for the appellants, Mr Ramayah, has referred throughout to the latest
versions of the Act as well as the Constitution of the Republic of Singapore
(1999 Rev Ed) (“the Constitution”), we shall rely on them in making our
determination. In any event, the substance of the various provisions and
articles has remained the same during the relevant period.

3 On 14 May 1973, the Permanent Secretary (Finance-Budget) (“PS (Finance)”)
issued a directive entitled Finance Circular No 8 of 1973 (“FC No 8/73”).
Pursuant to FC No 8/73, the appellants had to exercise an option (“the 1973
Option”) to either remain on the existing pension scheme or convert to the CPF
scheme. It was stated in the option form that the 1973 Option, once exercised,
was irrevocable. Conversion to the CPF scheme presented two further options,
as follows:

(a) to convert to the CPF scheme with accrued pension benefits frozen and
payable as a lump sum on retirement under pensionable circumstances; or

(b) to convert to the CPF scheme with accrued pension benefits payable as
commuted gratuity and reduced annual pension on retirement under pensionable
circumstances.

Option (b) was applicable only to officers with not less than ten years’
pensionable service.

4 The appellants chose to convert to the option described in [3(a)] above.
However, some 33 years later, in October 2005, the majority of the appellants
wrote to the relevant government authorities expressing their desire to repay
the Government the total amount paid by the Government to each of their CPF
fund accounts with interest in accordance with s 9(_d_) of the Act. By doing
so, they wished to have their respective CPF membership period count for the
purposes of receiving a pension upon retirement instead. The appellants’
requests were rejected by the Government, thus giving rise to the present
proceedings.

5 The appellants commenced the OS and sought the following declarations:

(a) that the purported condition of irrevocability in the 1973 Option was
_ultra vires_ , null and void, and of no effect; and

(b) that the appellants were entitled to rejoin the pension scheme, and to
have their full service in pensionable office counted for the purposes of the
Act, pursuant to the terms of s 9(_d_) of the Act.

6 The impact of this court’s decision will not be limited to the 100
appellants on the record. According to the affidavit of one Goh Soon Poh dated
3 May 2006 filed on behalf of the respondent, a total of 7,523 public officers
(out of 12,158) participated in the 1973 Option. Out of these 7,523 officers,
927 are still in the civil service. Given the important issues that were
raised as well as the additional consideration that a great many public
officers would be affected by the outcome of this appeal, this court reserved
judgment in order to consider the relevant legal material as well as arguments
before it in greater detail. We now proceed to set out the detailed grounds
for our decision.

**Proceedings in the High Court**

7 The trial judge (“the Judge”) held that s 9(_d_) of the Act could not aid
the appellants in their attempt to return to the pension scheme as it did not
create any right to a pension (see _Tee Soon Kay v AG_ [2006] 4 SLR 385 (“the
GD”)). Section 9(_d_) was simply a provision which barred the payment of a
pension if the preconditions were not met. That the appellants had no right to
a pension was further buttressed by s 8(1) of the Act which provided that no
officer shall have “an absolute right” to a pension. Furthermore, the
legislative history of s 9(_d_) showed that it had nothing to do with a
pensionable officer’s right to return to the pension scheme by paying back the
amounts made by the Government into their respective CPF accounts. Instead, it
was clear that s 9(_d_) was enacted to ensure that the Government did not pay
twice for retirement benefits.

8 The appellants also argued in the court below that the PS (Finance) had no
legislative authority to bar public officers to whom the Act applied from the
pension scheme and to make the exercise of the 1973 Option irrevocable. In
support of this argument, the appellants pointed to the introduction of s 6(3)
of the Act (s 3(1A) at the material time) and the promulgation of reg 3 of the
Pensions (Conversion to the Central Provident Fund Scheme) Regulations 1986
(GN No S 237/1986) (“the 1986 Regulations”) as an acknowledgment by the
Government that it did not have the power in 1973 to stipulate that the
decision to convert to the CPF scheme was irrevocable. Section 6(3) of the Act
provides as follows:

The President may, in making regulations under this section, provide for any
officer or class of officers holding pensionable offices to opt for the
provident fund scheme applicable to non-pensionable employees of the
Government under the Central Provident Fund Act (Cap. 36) and for the terms
and conditions of such option.

9 Regulation 3 of the 1986 Regulations provides as follows:

Option.

3.—(1) An officer to whom these Regulations apply may be given an option to
convert to the provident fund scheme applicable to non-pensionable employees
of the Government under the Central Provident Fund Act.

(2) The option exercised by the officer shall be irrevocable except that he
may be required to revert to the pensionable service if he is appointed or
transferred to a scheme of service which is excluded from these Regulations.

10 The Judge dismissed the appellants’ argument on the basis that it could not
“without more, be said that the [PS (Finance)] lacked the said power merely
because the position regarding conversion to the CPF scheme was subsequently
put on a statutory footing in 1986” (at [29] of the GD). The Judge observed
that “[w]hether the [PS (Finance)] lacked the power to stipulate that a
decision under the 1973 Option was irrevocable depends on the law as it stood
at the material time” and that prior to the introduction of the 1986
Regulations, “the exercise by senior public officers of this option had been
implemented through internal directions and it was thought that as a matter of
good governance, issues affecting public officers should be made absolutely
transparent by the 1986 amendments” (_ibid_).

11 The Judge also held that the appellants’ reliance on Art 112 of the
Constitution to support their argument that they had a right to a pension was
misplaced because Art 112 merely directed the mind of the pension-awarding
authority to the law that was to be applied should a pension be granted to a
public officer. Furthermore, Art 112(3) of the Constitution envisaged that a
public officer might opt for different forms of retirement benefits under the
law and the law applicable to the option made by that public officer was
deemed to be more favourable than any other law for which he might have opted.

12 Finally, the Judge accepted the respondent’s argument that the appellants
were estopped from resiling from their decision to convert to the CPF scheme
and that “it [was] far too late to set the clock back” (at [33] of the GD).
The Government had made the requisite contributions to the appellants’ CPF
accounts for the past 33 years and had not made any financial provision for
the appellants’ pension benefits during that same period. In the light of the
Judge’s finding on whether the appellants could be said to have a right to a
pension, the appellants’ argument that estoppel could not arise in relation to
the right to a pension, which was conferred by statute and the Constitution,
also failed.

**The appellants’ arguments**

13 Mr Ramayah argued that even though s 8(1) of the Act stated that no officer
shall have an “absolute right” to a pension, this could not be read as saying
that a public officer had “no right” to a pension. A public officer had a
right to a pension, albeit a right which was contingent upon retirement in
pensionable circumstances. Some of the instances whereby an officer would lose
his or her right to a pension would be if he or she was dismissed, was found
to be guilty of “negligence, irregularity or misconduct” under s 8(2) of the
Act, or was adjudged a bankrupt under s 17 of the Act.

14 In support of their argument that public officers have a right to a
pension, the appellants pointed to the Act which speaks of pensions “which
_would_ be granted” [emphasis added] to the pensioner (s 17(1) of the Act) or
“which the pensioner _would_ have been entitled ... to” [emphasis added] (s
18(3) of the Act) in contrast to the permissive tenor of the corresponding Sri
Lankan legislation which speaks of pensions which “may be awarded” or “may be
granted” that was considered by the Sri Lankan Supreme Court in _Attorney-
General v Abeysinghe_ (1975) 78 NLR 361 (“ _Abeysinghe_ ”). With respect, we
are of the view that this particular argument is unpersuasive. Both ss 17(1)
and 18(3) of the Act relate to situations where a pension would _not_ be
granted; neither, in other words, when read wholly and in context, points to a
legal right to a pension as such.

15 The appellants also argued that a public officer’s right to a pension was
constitutionally entrenched. In support of this contention, the appellants
quoted a speech made by the then Prime Minister of Singapore in the
Legislative Assembly during the debates on the Yang di-Pertuan Negara’s
address on 21 July 1959, where he stated thus (_Singapore Parliamentary
Debates, Official Report_ (21 July 1959) vol 11 at col 367):

And for that reason, we agreed to allow the Constitution to protect the
pension rights of our civil service. When they join the service, it is
necessary for them to know that, if they devote their whole life to the
administration of the State, at the end of it they can go out to pasture with
reasonable comfort.

16 The appellants argued that Art 112 of the Constitution (reproduced below at
[95]) clearly contemplated that the Act conferred pension rights. In
particular, the appellants argued that Art 112 stated that when a pension was
granted, it must be in accordance with the law set out in that article, _ie_ ,
the law in force on the relevant day, or any law that was not less favourable.
They argued that it would be odd to say that Art 112 was enacted to only
preserve the applicable law if and when an award was made but until then a
public officer had no right to a pension even if he retired in pensionable
circumstances. Furthermore, it was argued, the heading of Art 112 stated
“protection of pension rights”.

17 The appellants further contended that the Judge had erred in holding that
Art 112(3) of the Constitution applied in the present instance. The Judge had
held that Art 112(3) envisaged that a public officer might opt for different
forms of retirement benefits under the law, and the law as laid down by the
then Central Provident Fund Act (Cap 121, 1970 Rev Ed) (“the then CPF Act”)
was deemed by Art 112(3) to be more favourable to the appellants than the law
governing the pension scheme (see the GD at [31]–[32]). Counsel for the
appellants argued that Art 112(3) did not encompass the CPF scheme because the
CPF scheme did not fall within the words “pension, gratuity or other like
allowance” laid down in Art 112(1).

18 The appellants next relied on Art 115(1) of the Constitution (reproduced
below at [96]) on the basis that it speaks of the public officer’s “claim” to
any pension, gratuity or other like allowance, with “claim” being defined as
“right” in _The Concise_ _Oxford Dictionary of Current English_ (Oxford
University Press, 7th Ed, 1982) (J B Sykes ed).

19 Mr Ramayah added that Art 113 of the Constitution (reproduced below at
[103]) supported the view that there were pension rights which did not depend
on discretion because Art 113 confined itself to cases where the award was
dependent on the _discretion_ of the authority or person vested with the power
to award a pension under any law.

20 The appellants accept that if they fail to convince this court that a
public officer has a _legal right_ to a pension, their appeal fails _in
limine_. However, even if this court is persuaded by their argument that a
public officer has a legal right to a pension, the appellants still face the
hurdle of persuading this court why they should not be bound by the terms of
the 1973 Option they had entered into.

21 The appellants argued that the purported condition of irrevocability
pursuant to the 1973 Option was _ultra vires_ , null and void, and of no
effect because the Act applied to the appellants and, consequently, s 9(_d_)
thereof stipulated that if a public officer to whom the Act applied belonged
to the CPF scheme, he or she could only have his or her service during the CPF
period count for the purpose of the Act in joining or re-joining the Pension
scheme if the Government was repaid its contributions to the CPF scheme. The
appellants argued that the PS (Finance) was not empowered to bar public
officers, to whom the Act applied, from membership of the pension scheme and
to make the exercise of the option “irrevocable”. The appellants argued that
this was because pension rights were _constitutionally_ _entrenched_. In the
circumstances, such rights were not waivable as such waiver would undermine
the protection accorded to pension rights under the Constitution.

22 The appellants also argued that the PS (Finance) had no legislative
authority because, as at 1973, there were no regulations made pursuant to the
Act that permitted an irrevocable conversion to the CPF scheme. The appellants
argued that the amendment to s 3 of the Act by the insertion of the new s
3(1A) and the promulgation of reg 3 of the 1986 Regulations was a recognition
of the fact that the Government did not have the power in 1973 to require the
appellants to opt out of the pension scheme irrevocably.

**The respondent’s arguments**

23 Counsel for the respondent, Second Solicitor-General Walter Woon, argued
that it was incorrect for the appellants to say that they had a right to a
pension in view of, _inter alia_ , s 8(1) of the Act. Prof Woon directed this
court’s attention to a long line of authorities which have held that the grant
of a pension was at most a legitimate expectation rather than an entrenched
right or entitlement.

24 In response to the appellants’ contention that a public officer’s right to
a pension was constitutionally entrenched, Prof Woon contended that nowhere in
the Constitution was it stated that a public officer had a right to a pension.
Indeed, even though the appellants asserted that Art 113 contemplated that
there were pension rights which did not depend on discretion, the appellants
did not point to any particular instances where public officers were entitled
to a pension as of right.

25 Furthermore, the respondent argued that Art 112(1) of the Constitution,
which states that the law applicable to any pension granted to a public
officer shall be that in force on the relevant day or any later law not less
favourable, only applied if and when a public officer has _already been
granted_ a pension. Hence, Art 112(1) simply protected a public officer
against future legislation that adversely affected the pension that had
_already been awarded_ to him or her.

26 The respondent conceded, however, that the Judge might have erred in
holding that Art 112(3) of the Constitution envisaged that a public officer
might opt for different forms of retirement benefits under the law, and that
the law as laid down by the then CPF Act was deemed by Art 112(3) to be more
favourable to the appellants than the law governing the pension scheme because
the CPF scheme did not fall within the words “pension, gratuity or other like
allowance” in Art 112(1).

27 The respondent also argued that Art 115(1) of the Constitution was wholly
irrelevant to the issue at hand, which was whether the appellants could be
said to have a right to a pension. Prof Woon argued that Art 115(1) was
intended as a transitional arrangement for civil servants in service at the
time Singapore attained self-governance and was enacted to ensure that the
terms of service of existing civil servants at the time Singapore attained
self-governance would not be prejudiced.

28 In any event, the respondent contended that it was unclear how Art 115(1)
would be able to assist the appellants in their claim for a right to a
pension. Art 115(1) states that a public officer’s claim to a pension,
gratuity or other like allowance shall not be prejudiced if he “relinquish[es]
his office for the purpose of transfer to some other public office or to an
office in any other public service”; in the present proceedings, the
appellants had not and did not claim to have relinquished their office for
some other public office.

29 In response to the appellants’ argument that the PS (Finance) had no
legislative authority because as at 1973, there were no regulations made
pursuant to the Pensions Act that permitted an irrevocable conversion to the
CPF scheme, the respondent argued that there was no need for legislation in
order to give effect to the appellant’s choice in 1973 to receive CPF benefits
instead of a pension upon retirement, for the ordinary common law rules of
contract and estoppel sufficed to bind the officers concerned and the
Government.

**Issues for determination in this appeal**

30 The appellants are of the view that they have a right to revert from the
CPF scheme to the pension scheme, and that they have the (related) right to
have their period of service after 1973 (_ie_ , when they had exercised the
1973 Option to be on the CPF scheme) taken into account for the purposes of
computing their pension benefits, provided that, pursuant to s 9(_d_) of the
Act, they refund to the Government the total amount with interest that has
been paid by the Government into their CPF accounts from 1973 to the present
time. In our view, the various issues that arise in this appeal can be
resolved by examining:

(a) the nature of the rights conferred on a public officer by ss 8(1) and
9(_d_) of the Act and the extent to which the Constitution protects the right,
if any, to a pension; and

(b) the legal effect of the 1973 Option entered into by the appellants.

**_The nature of the rights conferred on a public officer by the Pensions Act
and the Constitution_**

31 Although the appellants are of the view that they are entitled to have
their entire period of service, including the period they were on the CPF
scheme, taken into account for the purposes of computing their pension
benefits by refunding to the Government the total amount with interest that
has been paid by the Government to their CPF accounts pursuant to s 9(_d_) of
the Act, it is a fundamental rule of statutory interpretation that a statutory
provision cannot be looked at in isolation. This principle is particularly
important in the present case as s 8(1) of the Act poses a formidable
challenge to the appellants’ claim because it states that no officer shall
have an “absolute right” to a pension. It was therefore not surprising that
the starting point for both parties was the ambit of s 8(1).

_Whether there is a legal right to a pension under section 8 of the Pensions
Act_

32 As counsel for the appellants, Mr Ramayah, conceded – correctly, in our
view – right at the outset, if this court was not persuaded that the
appellants had a _legal right_ to a pension pursuant to the Act, that was the
end of the matter. Indeed, the issue of the _constitutional_ protection of
such a right would, as a consequence, _not_ arise simply because there was no
such right to protect to begin with.

33 Mr Ramayah also recognised, right from the outset, that he faced an uphill
task in the light of s 8(1) of the Act, which reads as follows:

_No officer shall have_ an _absolute right_ to compensation for past services
or to any pension, gratuity or other allowance under this Act, nor shall
anything in this Act limit the right of the Government to dismiss any officer
without compensation. [emphasis added]

34 The use of the wording that no officer shall have an “absolute right” to a
pension is to be found throughout all the pension legislation ever enacted in
the Singapore context: see generally the Pensions Ordinance 1870 (SS Ord No 9
of 1870), s 4; the Pensions Ordinance 1871 (SS Ord No 1 of 1871), s 4; the
Pensions Ordinance 1887 (SS Ord No 8 of 1887), s 10 (later enacted as
Ordinance No 41 of the Laws of the Straits Settlements (1926 Rev Ed), s 8);
the Pensions Ordinance 1928 (SS Ord No 22 of 1928), s 5 (later enacted as Cap
78, 1936 Rev Ed, s 5); the Pensions Ordinance 1956 (Ord No 22 of 1956), s 5;
the Pensions Act (Cap 55, 1970 Rev Ed), s 5; and the (present) Act, s 8(1).
Apart from cosmetic changes, the actual wording has remained similar in all
relevant aspects.

35 A plain reading of s 8(1) suggests that a public officer has _no_ legal
right to a pension pursuant to the Act. This interpretation is buttressed in
at least three important respects.

36 The first is the marginal note. The marginal note of s 8 itself reads:
“Pensions, etc., not of right”. By way of clarification, the marginal note is
presently in the form of a heading in bold font, but this is really a change
in form rather than substance.

37 In the Singapore High Court decision of _Ratnam Alfred Christie v PP_
[2000] 1 SLR 467, Yong Pung How CJ held that marginal notes could be used as
an aid to statutory interpretation. This has, in fact, long been the position
in Singapore: see, for example, _Cashin v Murray_ (1888) 4 Ky 435 (“ _Cashin_
”); _Re Tan Keng Tin_ [1932] MLJ 134; and _Algemene Bank Nederland NV v Tan
Chin Tiong_ [1986] SLR 526.

38 In England, however, it used to be a matter of debate as to whether
reference could be made to marginal notes for the purpose of shedding light
upon the meaning of ambiguous provisions. The argument was that marginal notes
were inserted neither by Parliament nor under the authority of Parliament but
by clerks who were “irresponsible persons” empowered to make corrections to
the Bills (_per_ Phillimore LJ in the English Court of Appeal decision of _In
re Woking Urban District Council (Basingstoke Canal) Act, 1911_ [1914] 1 Ch
300 (“ _Re Woking_ ”) at 322) and could not therefore be an aid to statutory
interpretation. It had also been said that headings and marginal notes were
not to be looked at because they were inserted after the Bill had become law:
_per_ Avory J, delivering the judgment of the court in _The King v Hare_
[1934] 1 KB 354 at 355. Marginal notes were therefore not regarded as part of
the Act concerned in England.

39 In contrast, in the Straits Settlements decision of _Re Tan Keng Tin_ ([37]
_supra_ at 135), Terrell J was of the view that the then English position did
not apply in Singapore (which was then a colony) as marginal notes were
discussed and even amended by the (then) Legislative Council and ought
therefore to be treated as part and parcel of an Ordinance. Accordingly,
marginal notes could be used as an aid to interpretation. This was also the
view expressed by Ford CJ in _Cashin_ ([37] _supra_). It should be noted,
however, that Goldney J, in the subsequent decision of _Regina v Khoo Kong
Peh_ (1889) 4 Ky 515 at 517, observed that Ford CJ had, since _Cashin_ , told
him that he had considered that he was wrong in so holding. However, this was
only by way of response to counsel’s argument that the marginal notes of
Ordinances could be looked at to interpret the sections therein and,
significantly, was not referred to by Goldney J himself, who simply agreed
with Wood ACJ’s very short judgment on the substantive point in that
particular case. In any event, this off-the-cuff observation has since been
superseded by a number of more modern local cases, as noted above (at [37]).
Indeed, even the position in England has now changed, as will be seen in the
following paragraph.

40 The position in England has very recently been _reversed_ , and the
position is therefore now the _same_ as that adopted in _Singapore_. Initial
doubts as to the previous position in England was, in fact, raised in the
scholarly literature as to whether the principle that marginal notes were not
to be looked at in construing a statute was correct. In F A R Bennion,
_Statutory Interpretation_ (Butterworths, 4th Ed, 2002), the learned author
observes thus (at p 609):

The so called ‘irresponsible persons’ referred to by Phillimore LJ … are the
clerks who are empowered to make what are known as printing corrections to
Bills. Far from being irresponsible, they are subject to the authority of
Parliament. Objection may be taken by a Member to anything done by a
parliamentary official in relation to a Bill; and it would be open to either
House, if it thought fit, to order rectification of a printing correction
which it considered unsuitable. However the marginal notes in an Act are not
inserted by parliamentary clerks, but are contained either in the Bill as
introduced or in new clauses added by amendment. …

To suppose that the components of a Bill which are subject to printing
corrections cannot be looked at in interpretation of the ensuing Act … goes
against another principle of law, expressed in the maxim _omnia praesumuntur
rite et solemniter esse acta donec probetur in contrarium_ – all things are
presumed to be rightly and duly performed unless the contrary is proved. This
is an important principle in many fields of law. There is no justification for
excluding Acts of Parliament from its purview.

The position in England in relation to the relevance of marginal notes as an
aid to statutory interpretation has now been confirmed by the House of Lords
in its recent decision in _Regina v Montila_ [2004] 1 WLR 3141. As already
mentioned, the position is now the same as that in Singapore. The House
_rejected_ the views expressed in both _Re Woking_ ([38] _supra_) and _The
King v Hare_ ([38] _supra_). It then proceeded to observe thus (at [33]–[34]
and [36]):

_These observations_ [in _Re Woking_ ([38] _supra_) and _The King v Hare_
([38] _supra_)] _were not wholly accurate at the time they were made, and they
are out of keeping with the modern approach to the interpretation of statutes
and statutory instruments. It is not true that headings and sidenotes are
inserted by “irresponsible persons”, in the sense indicated by Phillimore LJ.
They are drafted by parliamentary counsel, who are answerable through the
Cabinet Office to the Prime Minister. The clerks, who are subject to the
authority of Parliament, are empowered to make what are known as printing
corrections. These are corrections of a minor nature which do not alter the
general meaning of the Bill._ But they may very occasionally, on the advice of
the Bill’s drafter, alter headings which because of amendments or for some
other reason have become inaccurate: _Bennion_ , p 609. _Nor is it true that
headings are inserted only after the Bill has become law. As has already been
said, they are contained in the Bill when it is presented to Parliament. Each
clause has a heading (previously a sidenote) which is there throughout the
passage of the Bill through both Houses. When the Bill is passed, the entire
Act is entered in the Parliamentary Roll with all its components, including
those that are unamendable._ As _Bennion_ states, at p 638, the format or
layout is part of an Act.

_The question then is whether headings and sidenotes, although unamendable,
can be considered in construing a provision in an Act of Parliament. Account
must, of course, be taken of the fact that these components were included in
the Bill not for debate but for ease of reference. This indicates that less
weight can be attached to them than to the parts of the Act that are open for
consideration and debate in Parliament. But it is another matter to be
required by a rule of law to disregard them altogether. One cannot ignore the
fact that the headings and sidenotes are included on the face of the Bill
throughout its passage through the legislature. They are there for guidance.
They provide the context for an examination of those parts of the Bill that
are open for debate. Subject, of course, to the fact that they are
unamendable, they ought to be open to consideration as part of the enactment
when it reaches the statute book._

_..._

_The headings and sidenotes are as much part of the contextual scene as these
materials [the Explanatory Notes], and there is no logical reason why they
should be treated differently. That the law has moved in this direction should
occasion no surprise. As Lord Steyn said_ [in _Regina (Westminster City
Council) v National Asylum Support Service_ [2002] 1 WLR 2956 at [5]], _the
starting point is that language in all legal texts conveys meaning according
to the circumstances in which it was used._

[emphasis added]

41 While we note that it is now well established that marginal notes can be
used as an aid to statutory interpretation, ultimately, the meaning to be
given to any statutory provision must be gleaned from _the actual statutory
language as well as the context._ For example, if despite the marginal note of
s 8 itself which reads, “Pensions, etc., not of right”, s 8(1) had gone on to
state the direct opposite, for example, that an officer has _a_ right to a
pension, the courts would derive little or no help from the marginal note
which states the direct opposite of what was said within the provision itself.

42 More importantly, however, as Prof Woon has pointed out, there is an
unbroken line of authority across the Commonwealth which supports the
interpretation that a public officer has _no_ legal right to a pension
pursuant to s 8(1) of the Act. Prof Woon helpfully traced the relevant case
law not only in England but also in Sri Lanka and Malaysia that (with the
exception of a sole dissenting judgment in a Sri Lankan decision) held that
the grant of a pension was at most a legitimate expectation rather than an
entrenched right or entitlement. In the circumstances, he argued that this
court should be slow in departing from a principled as well as unbroken line
of authority.

43 We agree with Prof Woon. The authorities are more than clear in this
particular respect. In saying this, we should emphasise that precedents should
not be followed blindly and/or dogmatically for their own sake. As we shall
see, the relevant decisions are in fact both logical and fair. In this regard,
the leading authority is that of the House of Lords in _Nixon v Attorney-
General_ [1931] AC 184 (“ _Nixon_ ”). In _Nixon_ , the court was faced with s
30 of the English Superannuation Act of 1834 (c 24) which provided that:

[N]othing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to give
any Person an absolute Right to Compensation for past Services, or to any
Superannuation or Retiring Allowance under this Act, or to deprive the
Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury, and the Heads or Principal Officers
of the respective Departments, of their Power and Authority to dismiss any
Person from the Public Service without Compensation.

44 Viscount Dunedin observed thus (at 191):

[Section 30] of the Act of [1834] says that there is to be no absolute right.
_My Lords, to get out of a provision that you are not to have an absolute
right a positive provision that you are to have a right, is an argument which
has only to be stated to be rejected_. [emphasis added]

45 Mr Ramayah sought valiantly to distinguish _Nixon_ on the basis that there
was no equivalent of s 8(2) of the Act in the English Superannuation Act of
1834. However, we do not, with respect, find such an argument persuasive in
the least. We would agree with the respondent that the reasoning adopted by
the court in _Nixon_ is of particularly persuasive authority in the light of
the similarities between the wording of s 30 of the English Superannuation Act
of 1834 and that in s 4 of the Pensions Ordinance 1870 ([34] _supra_), the
first legislation on pensions payable to public officers in Singapore, which
provided to similar effect thus:

Provided always that no Judge or Public Servant shall be held to have an
absolute right to compensation for past services, or to any pension under this
Ordinance, nor will these regulations affect the right of Government to
dismiss any Judge or Public Servant without compensation.

This particular Ordinance was in fact re-enacted shortly thereafter as the
Pensions Ordinance 1871 ([34] _supra_) (see also the Statement of Objects and
Reasons to the Bill to this particular Ordinance at _Straits Settlements
Government Gazette_ (28 April 1871) at p 168). However, the relevant provision
(_viz_ , s 4) remained exactly the same.

46 Indeed, the very first ground which Mr Ramayah relied upon actually – and
paradoxically – _supported the respondent_. It will be recalled that he had
argued that, by reference to an “absolute right” under s 8(1) of the Act,
Parliament had only intended to indicate that the right was a “contingent” one
(see generally [13] above).

47 However,the fact that the right was itself a contingent one meant that it
was _not_ , _ex hypothesi_ , an _entitlement_ to begin with. In other words,
the fact that there were a number of contingencies, the happening of one or
more of which prior to retirement would prevent the officer concerned from
obtaining a pension, supports Prof Woon’s point (which has been clearly
endorsed in the Malaysian context (at [64] below)) to the effect that there
was, at best, a legitimate _expectation_ that the officer concerned would be
granted a pension.

48 Put another way, if Mr Ramayah was in fact correct in arguing that the
officer concerned had _a legal right or entitlement to a pension_ , it had to
be one that had been vested initially _and_ which would continue to remain
vested as _an entitlement_ in that particular officer – _come what may_.

49 The appellation “absolute” in s 8(1) of the Act serves to illustrate – and
simultaneously underscore – this point. In this regard, s 8(1) in fact states
the _exact opposite_ of what Mr Ramayah had argued: It states that the officer
concerned does _not_ have such “an absolute right” to a pension. This is
wholly understandable, not least because the officer concerned could engage,
for example, in inappropriate conduct.

50 Mr Ramayah sought, in effect, to detach the word “absolute” from the phrase
“absolute right” in s 8(1). With respect, such an approach is both artificial
as well as misconceived. The entire phrase “absolute right” is a composite
whole and must be read and interpreted as such and in its proper context.

51 Indeed, it is hard to see how a merely contingent right is entitled to
constitutional protection. If at all, the right has to be an “absolute right”
within the meaning of s 8(1) of the Act. However, as we have already observed,
s 8(1) clearly states that there is _no_ “absolute right” to a pension under
the Act. And, as we shall see, the case law interprets the phrase “absolute
right” as meaning “legal right”. This is perfectly understandable in the light
of the fact that only legal rights are, _ex hypothesi_ , enforceable under
law. However, in order to be enforceable, such rights must not be qualified,
_ie_ , they must be _absolute_ in nature. Indeed it is contradictory for the
appellants to assert that a public officer has a right to a pension and to
say, in the next breath, that this is a right which is contingent upon
retiring in pensionable circumstances. Related to this must be the fact that
for any interest or expectation to amount to a “right”, the interest or
expectation must be of such certainty that it is possible to say in the
clearest of terms what the nature of the right claimed is and under what
circumstances it arises. Hence, on a plain reading of s 8(1) of the Act alone,
the appellants’ case fails _in limine_.

52 As already mentioned, the case law in jurisdictions _outside_ England apply
– and, hence, underscore as well as confirm – this conclusion.

53 In this regard, there is, in fact, a series of _Sri Lankan_ cases spanning
almost half a century that confirm that there is no legal right to a pension.
One of the earliest cases was decided as far back as 1948. This was the
decision of _Gunawardane v Attorney-General_ (1948) 49 NLR 359 (“
_Gunawardane_ ”). However, the key decision (cited, in fact, by both parties
to the present proceedings) is _Abeysinghe_ ([14] _supra_).

54 In _Abeysinghe_ , the relevant provision was to be found in the first
section of the Minutes on Pensions, which read as follows:

Public servants have no absolute right to any pension or allowance under these
rules and the Crown retains the power to dismiss a public servant without
compensation[.]

55 In that case itself, the plaintiff-respondent had been found guilty of one
of the charges of bribery on which he was arraigned. He was dismissed from the
Public Service. However, on representations made by him to the Public Service
Commission, the Commission decided, as a merciful alternative, to vary the
order of dismissal earlier made to one of compulsory retirement due to
inefficiency. The Secretary to the Treasury, pursuant to ss 2 and 15 of the
Minutes on Pensions, made an award of pension under which the plaintiff-
respondent was to receive a pension calculated under the ordinary rules, but
subject to: (a) a reduction of 20 per cent; and (b) the commencement of the
payment of his periodical pension only from 1 February 1968. The plaintiff-
respondent instituted a claim for a declaration that he was entitled to be
paid his full periodical pension calculated according to the Minutes on
Pensions for the period commencing 1 June 1957, which was the date on which
his retirement became effective, instead of the period commencing 1 February
1968, which was the day following that on which the Director of Health
Services had communicated the decision of the Public Service Commission to the
plaintiff-respondent. The court held that the District Court (the court below)
was wrong in granting the plaintiff-respondent the declaration which he had
sought and allowed the appeal of the Attorney-General. It should be noted, in
this regard, that although Sirimane J disagreed (as we shall see) with the
approach adopted by the majority and was of the view that the plaintiff-
respondent had the right to maintain an action for a declaration, the learned
judge nevertheless arrived at the same substantive result as his brother
judges, albeit based on the merits of the case itself. It will be immediately
seen that the relevant provision (reproduced in the preceding paragraph) was,
in _substance_ , the _same_ as s 8(1) of the Act (reproduced above at [33]).
Significantly, Tennekoon CJ, who delivered the more detailed of the two
judgments of the majority (the other judge being Tittawella J), observed (at
364) that

Section 1 of the Minutes on Pensions [reproduced above at [54]] _follows very
closely the language of section 30 of the Superannuation Act_ [in _Nixon_
([43] _supra_)]. [emphasis added]

56 It comes as no surprise, therefore, that Tennekoon CJ relied both on the
English Court of Appeal’s decision in _Nixon_ (see _Nixon v Attorney-General_
[1930] 1 Ch 566) as well as the House of Lords decision in response to the
argument that a public servant had a contingent right to a pension. In
particular, in the Court of Appeal decision in _Nixon_ , Lord Hanworth MR had
observed (at 592) as follows:

An attempt was made to suggest that the use of the word “absolute” left it
possible that a conditional right remained to the civil servants, but I cannot
accept that view. In my judgment the word is used so that a right in any form
may be negatived. The section destroys the possibility of _a claim of legal
right_. [emphasis added]

57 Tennekoon CJ also referred to – as well as relied upon – Viscount Dunedin’s
observations at the House of Lords stage in _Nixon_ (cited at [44] above).

58 More importantly, the learned Chief Justice arrived at the following
conclusion ([14] _supra_ at 364):

_The expression “no absolute right” to my mind means “no legal right”._ It is
a signal hoisted by the draftsman to indicate both to the beneficiaries under
the Minutes on Pensions and to the Courts that the Minutes are not to be taken
as creating rights enforceable in the Courts. The “no legal right” concept
contained in section 1 of the Minutes is then _reinforced_ by the text of
rules 2 and 15 which contain the expressions “may be awarded” and “may in his
discretion grant”. [emphasis added]

59 It is important to observe, at this juncture, that the focus by Tennekoon
CJ was on the legal interpretation of the phrase “absolute right” in section 1
of the Minutes on Pensions, with the text of rr 12 and 15 merely (in his own
words) “reinforcing” the aforementioned interpretation. This is because Mr
Ramayah sought, as we have seen, to argue (at [14] above) that the expressions
“may be awarded” and “may in his discretion grant” in rr 12 and 15 of the Sri
Lankan regulations served to distinguish the situation in _Abeysinghe_ from
that in the present appeal. As just mentioned, this is a relatively minor
point. In any event, it is not (as we have pointed out at [14] above) a
persuasive one.

60 Tennekoon CJ also responded thus to an argument that was very similar to
that made by Mr Ramayah (at [13] above) on behalf of the appellants in the
present appeal (at 365):

One of the submissions made on behalf of the plaintiff-respondent was that the
opening sentence of the Minutes on Pensions which provides that public
servants have no absolute right to any pension, says by implication that they
have a right, but not an absolute right. _Can it be said that they have a
conditional or a contingent right? There is no basis for suggesting that there
is a conditional or a contingent right for the rules do not provide for a
condition or contingency in which the right becomes a full fledged or perfect
right, for that is the ordinary significance of qualifying the word ‘right’ by
the word ‘conditional’ or by the word ‘contingent.’_

_To my mind the words ‘absolute right’ are used in contradistinction to what
are in legal theory known as an “imperfect right”. An imperfect right is one
which is unenforceable in the ordinary Courts of Law._

[emphasis added]

61 Very significantly, in our view, the reasoning embodied in the learned
Chief Justice’s observations in the preceding paragraph is, in substance and
effect, very similar to that which we have set out above, which was based on a
practical as well as conceptual reading of the plain language of s 8(1) of the
Act (see generally above at [46]–[51]).

62 Returning to _Gunawardane_ ([53] _supra_), Gratiaen J observed, in that
decision, as follows (at 359–360):

The plaintiff’s claim was successfully resisted by the Attorney-General in the
lower Court on the ground that Gunawardene had no legally enforceable right to
recover any pension from the Crown. In other words, it was contended, a Court
of law has no jurisdiction in any matter relating to the payment of pensions
to retired Government servants, such matters **_depending entirely upon the
grace and bounty of the Crown_**. … Rule 1 of [the Minutes of Pensions]
expressly provides that “public servants have _no absolute right to any
pension or allowance_ under these rules.” Those words which I have quoted
follow the language of section 30 of the Superannuation Act (4 & 5 William 4,
Chapter 24) of England, which have been construed in the English Courts as
“destroying the possibility of a claim of legal right” (_Cooper v The Queen_
[(1880) 14 Ch D 311]). [emphasis added in bold italics]

63 The principle that there is no legal right to a pension was also adopted by
Suffian J (as he then was) in the Malaysian High Court decision of _Haji Wan
Othman v Government of the Federation of Malaya_ [1965] 2 MLJ 31 in the face
of similar pension legislation which states to the effect that public officers
have no “absolute right” to a pension. This decision was affirmed by the
Malaysian Federal Court in _Haji Wan Othman v Government of the Federation of
Malaya_ [1966] 2 MLJ 42, albeit more on a point of construction of the
specific regulation concerned.

64 More recently, in the Malaysian Court of Appeal decision of _Asa’ari bin
Muda v Kerajaan Malaysia_ [2006] 5 MLJ 322 (“ _Asa’ari_ ”), the court opined
that a civil servant merely had a _legitimate expectation_ of receiving a
pension on his or her retirement if he or she did not misconduct himself or
herself. In that case, the facts of which are similar to the present, the
plaintiffs would have been entitled to a pension if not for the fact that they
had opted to be employed under the Inland Revenue Board (“IRB”) scheme. Under
the IRB scheme, there were features which made it substantially more
advantageous to employees than the pension scheme. First, under the IRB
scheme, IRB had to make a 17½% contribution to the Employees Provident Fund
Board. Second, the plaintiffs received salary warrants under the IRB scheme,
which they would not have received had they opted to remain under the pension
scheme. Gopal Sri Ram JCA (with whom Mohd Ghazali JCA agreed) dismissed the
plaintiffs’ claim, holding, _inter alia_ , that, under the equivalent of s
8(1) of the Act, the plaintiffs had no “absolute right” to a pension (the
remaining judge, Abdul Aziz Mohamad JCA, whilst also concurring in the result,
did not make any explicit pronouncement on this particular point).

65 Back home, in the Singapore High Court decision of _Low Yoke Ying v Sim Kok
Lee_ [1990] SLR 1258, Yong Pung How CJ had to consider a claim brought by the
deceased’s estate against the tortfeasor for the loss of the pension, gratuity
and CPF which the deceased would have been entitled to by serving as a
lieutenant in the Singapore Armed Forces. Similar to the formula adopted in s
8(1) of the Act, reg 4(1) of the Singapore Armed Forces (Pensions) Regulations
1978 (GN No S 17/1978) provided that “ _[n]o member or other person shall have
an absolute right to compensation or to any pension, gratuity or allowance
under these Regulations_ nor shall anything in these Regulations limit the
right of the Armed Forces Council to dismiss or to terminate the services of a
member without compensation” [emphasis added] (see now reg 5(1) of the
Singapore Armed Forces (Pensions) Regulations (Cap 295, Rg 9, 2001 Rev Ed)).
In dismissing the estate’s claim, the learned Chief Justice was of the opinion
that no right or entitlement to a pension or gratuity had vested in the
deceased. Yong CJ was of the view (at 1270, [30]) that “[p]ensions are in fact
the creations of statute, and in considering a claim for loss of pension,
regard must first be had to the particular statute governing the award or
grant of the pension”. The learned Chief Justice further opined thus (at 1271,
[32]):

On a[n] officer qualifying for a pension by his retirement after the
successful completion of his service, it is entirely in the discretion of the
Armed Forces Council to grant to him a pension, or gratuity or other
allowance. The Council’s powers are very extensive, and the Council may for
good cause cancel, withhold or reduce a grant, or subsequently restore it in
whole or in part. This being so, there would have been in my opinion _no right
or entitlement to a pension or gratuity vested in the deceased_ which would
have enabled the personal representatives to base a claim against a tort-
feasor either on behalf of the estate or for the benefit of the dependants.
[emphasis added]

We are of the view that it can equally be said in the context of the present
case that the appellants do not have a “right or entitlement” to a pension.

66 Indeed, we see no reason why _Nixon_ ([43] _supra_) should not apply to the
present proceedings – as it has in the previous Commonwealth case law on this
issue. As we have already elaborated upon above, the language of s 8(1) itself
is clear. We also note that the Act necessarily had its roots in the _English
context_. It is therefore not surprising that the historical antecedents of
the Act had English statutory roots. Indeed, given the fact that Singapore was
in fact a former British colony, it is inconceivable that the colonial
government would have intended that colonial officials in colonial Singapore
should be better off than government officials in Britain (who were governed
by the principles expressed by the House of Lords in _Nixon_). Indeed, looking
at the legislative council proceedings surrounding the promulgation of the
very first such Ordinance in the Straits Settlements, there is no evidence
whatsoever that anything other than the English position was intended (see
generally _Proceedings of the Legislative Council of the Straits Settlements,
Shorthand Minutes, 1870_ (22 August 1870) at pp 81–82, 93–98 and 101–104, as
well as Appendix 20 of these same _Proceedings_ , which is entitled “Report of
the Select Committee of the Legislative Council to enquire into the subject of
Pensions to be granted to Public Officers in the Straits Settlements”). All
this buttresses in no small measure the point noted at the outset of the
present paragraph to the effect that _Nixon_ is the leading authority in the
Commonwealth in the manner noted above. It can persuasively be said that the
employment of the term “absolute right” in the context of pensions legislation
in the Commonwealth has acquired the status of a “term of art”.

67 As mentioned at [56]–[60] above, the _majority_ decision in _Abeysinghe_
([14] _supra_) not only clearly endorses the proposition in _Nixon_ but also
supports, on a more general level, the view that an “absolute right” means a
“legal right”. However, Mr Ramayah relied heavily on the _dissenting_ judgment
of Sirimane J in the same case. We did not discuss Sirimane J’s judgment
earlier because this was relied upon very heavily by Mr Ramayah, and hence
merited independent and, more importantly, detailed treatment in this
judgment. That Mr Ramayah staked so much of the appellants’ case on this
particular judgment is not surprising in the least. Quite apart from the fact
that this was a dissenting judgment, what is even more significant, in our
view, is the fact that this particular judgment appears to be the _only_
authority militating against the general proposition to the effect that there
is no legal right to a pension. However, that being the case, we find it quite
remarkable that Mr Ramayah cites it as representing the legal position that
ought to be adopted. Nevertheless, we must, in fairness, examine this sole
dissenting authority to ascertain whether there are any qualitative reasons
that merit its adoption, despite it being a singularly lone voice in the vast
ocean of contrary authorities.

68 Mr Ramayah argued that it was wrong to read the words “no officer shall
have an absolute right” to mean that the officer has “no right”. This was
precisely the reasoning adopted by the dissenting judge, Sirimane J, in
_Abeysinghe_. The learned judge there had observed (at 379) in relation to the
Minutes on Pensions, which provides to similar effect as s 8(1) of our Act
that he was:

… unable to interpret the words “no absolute right” as being the same as
“absolutely no right”, which in effect is the decision in the English cases …
[T]his phrase indicates that public servants are not entitled to pensions
under all or any circumstance, but only, and subject to … limitations and
conditions … For instance the words “and the Crown retains the power to
dismiss a public servant without compensation” … is one instance where a
public servant will have no right to a pension, as otherwise even a Public
Servant who is dismissed can claim that he has a right to a pension.

69 With respect, we are unable to agree with Sirimane J’s reasoning.
Consistent with our reasons set out above (see generally at [46]–[51]), the
fact that Sirimane J was himself of the view that the right was one subjected
to “limitations and conditions” must mean that this right was _not_ , _ex
hypothesi_ , an _entitlement_ to begin with. As we have elaborated upon in
detail above, a right cannot be said to exist if it is contingent upon the
occurrence of other as yet unknown events.

70 In holding that it could be said that a public officer had a right to a
pension, Sirimane J was also of the view that in Sri Lanka, a public servant’s
pension was as much a part of his contract of service as his salary and a
public servant was therefore entitled to a pension. Sirimane J observed as
follows (at 378):

The applicants relied very much on the fact that the post was pensionable and
preferred to join the Government Service even on lower scales of pay than the
private sector in order _to “earn” a pension_. Even their letters of
appointment stated that the post to which they were appointed was permanent
and pensionable. It is on the faith of these statements that a public servant
in Ceylon serves the Government and gives of his best _to “earn” not only his
salary but also his pension_ … [emphasis added]

The learned judge contrasted this with the common law situation where the
public servant merely held office at the pleasure of the Crown.

71 With respect, there is, in our view, no necessary conflict between the
proposition that a public servant or public officer has a contract of service
with the Government and the proposition that a public servant or public
officer simultaneously holds his or her office at the pleasure of (in
_Abeysinghe_) the Crown. In any event, the last-mentioned proposition is at
least the default position in _Singapore_ today, as embodied in Art 104 of the
Constitution, which reads as follows:

Except as expressly provided by this Constitution, every person who is a
member of the public service shall hold office _during the pleasure of the
President._ [emphasis added]

72 The principle embodied in Art 104 of the Constitution is consistent with
that which exists at common law and has been confirmed in the local case law
(the corresponding article being found in Art 132(2A) of the Malaysian
Constitution): see, for example, the Federated Malay States decision of _S K
Pillai v State of Kedah_ (1927) 6 FMSLR 160 (“ _Pillai_ ”); the Singapore High
Court decision of _Amalgamated Union of Public Employees v Permanent Secretary
(Health)_ [1965] 2 MLJ 209 (“ _Amalgamated Union of Public Employees_ ”); and
the Malaysian Federal Court decision of _Government of Malaysia v Mahan Singh_
[1975] 2 MLJ 155.

73 However, there are apparent qualifications to the principle embodied in Art
104 of the Constitution. These are to be found in Arts 110(3) and 110(4),
which read as follows:

(3) No public officer shall be dismissed or reduced in rank under this Article
without being given a reasonable opportunity of being heard.

(4) … no member of any of the services mentioned in Article 102(1)(_b_) to
(_d_) shall be dismissed or reduced in rank by an authority subordinate to
that which, at the time of the dismissal or reduction, has power to appoint a
member of that service of equal rank.

74 The precise legal effect of the qualifications referred to in the preceding
paragraph (in particular, in Art 110(3)) is not immediately clear. In this
regard, however, the decision in _Amalgamated Union of Public Employees_ is
instructive. Although his observations were, strictly speaking, _obiter_ ,
Winslow J did refer to the equivalent of Art 104 of the Constitution, after
which the learned judge significantly proceeded to observe further as follows
(at 212):

_Furthermore_ they [public servants] _do not have any absolute right to
pension and_ provision as to this is specifically made in the Pensions
Ordinance, 1956 [the predecessor of the Act].

The learned judge, however, then observed thus (see _ibid_):

It is no doubt true that article 135 of the Federal Constitution confers
certain rights on civil servants [see now Art 110(3) of the Constitution]
_but_ these relate to matters such as the manner in which or by whom they may
be dismissed. _They do not confer any right to office or to pension or any
right not to be dismissed_. [emphasis added]

75 Whilst Winslow J’s observations set out in the preceding paragraph do not
conclusively resolve the issue as to what precisely is the nature of the right
contained within Art 110(3) of the Constitution (this issue was, for example,
referred to, _inter alia_ , in the Malaysian Privy Council decision of
_Government of Malaysia v Lionel_ [1974] 1 MLJ 3), we agree entirely with his
proposition to the effect that, whichever view is adopted with respect to the
issue just mentioned, there can be no doubt that a public officer is _not_
conferred any legal right to a pension. We are fortified in our view for the
detailed reasons already set out above (especially at [46]–[51]). Further, it
is significant that Winslow J also referred to the equivalent of s 8(1) of the
Act in arriving at his decision on this particular point (_cf_ also _Pillai_
([72] _supra_ at 171)).

76 In point of fact, whether or not the principle of a public officer holding
office during the pleasure of the President pursuant to Art 104 of the
Constitution is qualified or not (depending, in the main, on the
interpretation taken with respect to Art 110(3) of the same) is not, strictly
speaking, relevant in so far as the present appeal is concerned. Even if, as
Sirimane J assumed in _Abeysinghe_ , the common law principle of a public
officer holding office at the pleasure of the Crown (or, more correctly in the
context of the present appeal, the President) is no longer applicable, this
does not, _ipso facto_ , confer upon the public officer concerned a legal
right to a pension. We should, however, hasten to add that such an assumption,
even taking into account Art 110(3) of the Constitution, is not, strictly
speaking, correct. Legal effect _must_ be given to Art 104 of the
Constitution, with the only issue being to what extent it ought to be
qualified by Art 110(3). In any event, as we have just noted, this last-
mentioned issue is not really relevant in the context of the present appeal.

77 A similar approach would, in our view, apply to Sirimane J’s other (and
related) assumption to the effect that a public servant or public officer is
entitled to avail himself or herself of the terms of his or her contract. The
crucial issue still remains to be answered: What does the phrase “absolute
right” in s 8(1) of the Act mean? If, as we have held, it means that the
public officer concerned has _no legal right_ to a pension, then that
interpretation (and its corresponding legal effect) _overrides_ whatever other
interpretation that one can glean from the terms of that public officer’s
contract.

78 What is of further assistance is the fact that the second part of s 8(1) of
the Act further buttresses our interpretation of the phrase “absolute right”
in the first part of that particular provision inasmuch as the former, by
confirming that nothing in the Act is to be taken as affecting the right of
the Government to dismiss a public officer without compensation, confirms _the
overall tenor_ of s 8(1) of the Act itself. It is clear, in our view, that the
broad spirit and intent underlying s 8(1) are concerned with what _cannot_ be
claimed by a public officer. This is, of course, the _precise antithesis_ of
what is being argued for by the appellants in the present proceedings. It is
also significant, in our view, that the general or overall tenor referred to
above is also to be found in the only other sub-section in s 8 of the Act,
_viz_ , s 8(2), which reads as follows:

Subject to Article 113 of the Constitution, where it is established to the
satisfaction of a Pension Authority that an officer over which it has
jurisdiction has been guilty of negligence, irregularity or misconduct, it
shall be lawful for the Pension Authority to withhold the pension, gratuity or
other allowance for which the officer would have become eligible but for this
section.

79 In summary, therefore, on a plain reading of s 8(1) of the Act – a reading
supported, in fact, by the relevant case law – no officer has a legal right as
such to a pension under the Act. This reading is, as just mentioned, further
buttressed by the overall tenor of the provision itself. In the circumstances,
therefore, the present appeal must fail _in limine_.

80 However, in deference to the vigorous arguments Mr Ramayah made on behalf
of his clients on the premise that an officer indeed has such a legal right
(which, however, we have just held is untenable), we will now proceed to
evaluate them. Nevertheless, even allowing the appellants this concession of
arguing from a legal premise that is fatally flawed, it will be seen that
those arguments are also wholly without merit. This fundamental difficulty
notwithstanding, we will nevertheless proceed to consider the appellants’
further arguments to the effect that they not only had a legal right to a
pension (henceforth termed “the flawed premise”) but that this legal right was
also protected by the Constitution.

81 It was clearly inadequate for the appellants to claim a legal right to a
pension under the Act in the abstract. In this regard, s 8(1) of the Act could
not constitute a “legal peg” on which the appellants could rest such a claim.
Indeed, as we have seen, s 8(1) constituted, instead, a _threshold obstacle_
which the appellants had to clear, as it were, before they could proceed
further in their arguments in the present appeal. As we have already noted, Mr
Ramayah recognised this from the outset of these proceedings. He also
recognised that an argument in favour of a legal right could not be made in
the abstract. To this end, he relied, as noted above, upon s 9(_d_) of the Act
as embodying a legal right on the part of the appellants to a pension.

_Whether it can nevertheless be argued that the appellants have a right to a
pension by virtue of s 9(_ d _) of the Pensions Act_

82 At this juncture, we need to note an ambiguity in the arguments tendered by
Mr Ramayah. One approach has just been stated: It is that Mr Ramayah was
arguing that s 9(_d_) of the Act embodied the appellants’ legal right to a
pension.

83 However, on other occasions, Mr Ramayah appeared to suggest that the PS
(Finance) had, in Mr Ramayah’s own words, “disapplied” the Act by imposing a
condition that the appellants had to agree that the 1973 Option, when
exercised, was irrevocable. We find, with respect, that this particular
approach tends to confuse rather than enlighten. More specifically, whether or
not the condition of irrevocability just mentioned is legal and/or
constitutional depends on whether or not the appellants had an inalienable
legal right to a pension under s 9(_d_) of the Act in the first instance. _If_
they did _not_ , then they would be free, by _contract_ , to enter into the
1973 Option; more importantly, they would be _legally entitled_ to enter into
such a contract. _If_ , however, the appellants _had_ an inalienable legal
right to a pension under s 9(_d_), then it would obviously be _wrong in law_
for them to have entered into the 1973 Option in the first instance. Or, put
another way, even if they had entered into a purported contract, it would have
had no legal effect or bite.

84 Looked at in this light, the argument from irrevocability is, with respect,
a “legal red herring”. The key issue is the one stated in the preceding
paragraph: Does s 9(_d_) of the Act accord the appellants an inalienable legal
right to a pension to begin with? It is therefore imperative to inquire as to
_the legislative purpose underlying s 9(_ d _) of the Act_. It is, at this
juncture, worthy to note that even if the argument from irrevocability were
maintained, it would _still_ be necessary to ascertain this particular
legislative purpose.

85 Turning, then, to s 9(_d_) of the Act, it would first be appropriate to set
it out. It reads as follows:

**9.** No pension, gratuity or other allowance shall be granted under this Act
to any officer —

…

(_d_) in respect of any service, including service deemed under any written
law for the time being in force to be service with the Government for the
purposes of this Act, during which the officer was —

(i) a member of any fund mentioned in the Second Schedule, except upon the
condition that there shall be first paid to the Government the total amount
paid by the Government to that fund excluding the amount paid on account of
the officer if he is on the pensionable establishment with respect to the
service or an equivalent amount if he is not on the pensionable establishment
with respect to such service, together with the interest, if any, thereon; or

(ii) eligible for any benefits on retirement under the Singapore City Council
Superannuation Fund for Subordinate Employees Rules 1954 except upon the
condition that he shall first relinquish all rights to the benefits under
those Rules.

86 The development of s 9(_d_) of the Act from its inception in 1956 to the
form in which it appears in our present legislation has been detailed by the
Judge in his judgment and we do not propose to cover the same ground which he
has traversed. We would agree with the Judge, however, that the rationale of s
9(_d_) was to ensure that the Government did not pay twice for retirement
benefits. In this regard, the Judge said as follows (at [16]–[18] of the GD):

16 The roots of s 9(_d_) of the Act may be traced to the legislation of the
Federation of Malaysia (“the Federation”). A similar provision was included in
the Federation’s Pensions (Amendment) Regulations, 1952 and this was
incorporated into the principal legislation of the Federation by means of the
Pensions (Amendment) Ordinance, 1955. The reasons for that amendment were
stated in the explanatory note on its objects as follows:

In accordance with the _principle that the Government shall not be liable both
for superannuation benefits and for contributions to the Employees’ Provident
Fund_ , it is proposed that no pension, gratuity or other allowance shall be
granted in respect of any period of service during which the officer was
liable to contribute to the Fund except upon condition that a sum equivalent
to the amount of the Government’s contributions, plus the interest thereon, is
refunded to the Government out of the money standing to the officer’s credit
in the Fund. [emphasis added by the Judge]

17** _The amendment in question was thus intended to ensure that the
Government of the Federation did not pay twice for retirement benefits and
that it did not create any right to a pension for a public officer._**

18 In Singapore, a similar provision was enacted in 1956 in the Pensions
Ordinance (Ord 22 of 1956) (“the Ordinance”). Section 6(_d_) of the Ordinance
provided that no pension, gratuity or other allowance shall be granted to any
officer:

… in respect of any service during which the officer was liable to contribute
to the Central Provident Fund … except upon condition that there shall be
first paid to the Government a sum equal to the total amount of the
contributions paid by the Government to the said Fund on account of the
officer in respect of such service, together with the interest thereon.

[emphasis added in bold italics]

87 Unfortunately, the Legislative Assembly Debates do not explain, in precise
terms, why s 6(_d_) was introduced into our pensions legislation in 1956.
According to the Legislative Assembly Debates, the main objectives of the
Pensions Ordinance 1956 centred on: (a) consolidation, (b) updating the law,
and (c) providing one uniform pension scheme for the public service. Sir W A C
Goode, the Chief Secretary, observed thus during the Second Reading of the
amendment Bill (_Singapore Legislative Assembly Debates_ (4 April 1956) vol 1
at col 1774):

The first and main object of this Bill … is to consolidate and bring up to
date our pensions law which is now 27 years old and has been amended and needs
consolidating and revising.

The second main purpose of this Bill is to provide one uniform scheme of
pensions and gratuities for all members of the public service of Singapore and
that will do away with the invidious distinction which previously existed
between those members of the public service who were on what was known as the
Singapore Establishment and whose pensions and gratuities were governed by the
Singapore Pensions Ordinance, and the other set of officers in the public
service here who used to be on what was known as the Malayan Establishment and
were on a separate series of pension regulations.

88 In ascertaining the legislative purpose of s 9(_d_) of the Act, it is
instructive to consider the other sub-sections of s 9. Such an approach will
assist by providing the court with the _context_ in which s 9(_d_) should be
construed. In this regard, s 9 was first enacted as s 6 of the Pensions
Ordinance 1928 ([34] _supra_). The latter section provided as follows:

Service not qualifying for pension, etc.

No pension, gratuity or other allowance shall be granted under this Ordinance
to any officer —

(_a_) in respect of any service in any of the following capacities, namely,
Private Secretary or Aide-de-Camp to the Governor, Private Secretary or Clerk
to a Judge, apprentice in a public department, normal student or pupil
teacher, or

(_b_) if he entered the service of the Colony on or before the 1st day of
July, 1925, in respect of any service while under the age of sixteen years, or

(_c_) if he entered the service of the Colony after the 1st day of July, 1925,
in respect of any service, other than service as a police officer, while under
the age of twenty years.

89 Section 6 therefore listed various classes of colonial staff who were
prohibited from receiving pensions. The Explanatory Statement attached to the
Bill introducing the Pensions Ordinance 1928 stated the objects and reasons
for the enactment as follows:

The object of this Bill is to consolidate and amend the law relating to the
granting of pensions, gratuities and other allowances to persons who have held
office in the public service of the Colony.

The principal amendments are as follows:—

…

(_b_) It is declared that service in certain capacities, or while the officer
is under a certain age, shall not qualify for pension. Provisions of this
nature have hitherto been included in the regulations, but not in the
Ordinance.

90 As the respondent pointed out in his written submissions, far from
conferring a right on public officers to receive a pension, the intention of s
6 was to _debar_ certain categories of persons from receiving pensions. It was
clear then that when Parliament enacted s 6(_d_) in the Pensions Ordinance
1956 (the present s 9(_d_) of the Act), Parliament had simply intended to
debar public officers who contribute to the CPF from receiving pensions.

91 The amendments made thereafter to s 6(_d_) of the Pensions Ordinance 1928
have been examined in detail by the court below and we share the Judge’s view,
after an examination of the history and legislative purpose of s 9(_d_) _and_
s 9 itself, that s 9(_d_) of the Act has nothing to do with a public officer’s
right to return to the pension scheme by paying back the amounts paid by the
Government into their CPF accounts. In our view, s 9(_d_) simply delineates a
specific category of public officers who are barred (without satisfying the
necessary conditions) from qualifying for a pension. It does not confer a
legal right, let alone an inalienable legal right to a pension.

_The Constitution_

92 Even if it could be argued that s 9(_d_) of the Act confers on the
appellants a legal right to a pension (which we have held is _not_ the case),
the appellants would then have to bring the legal right which they assert they
have within the ambit of one or more of the articles of the Constitution in
order for that particular right to be conferred constitutional protection. Mr
Ramayah argued that pension rights are entrenched in Arts 112 (the heading of
which reads “[p]rotection of _pension rights_ ” [emphasis added]), 113 and 115
(the heading which reads “ _Pension rights_ on transfer” [emphasis added]) of
the Constitution, the supreme law of the land, and that the Act must be read
in the light of the constitutional protection conferred on the legal right to
a pension by public officers.

93 It is therefore necessary to trace the genesis and rationale of the
articles relied upon by the appellants. Singapore, which had been part of the
Straits Settlements, was first vested with a constitution (albeit a colonial
one) on 1 March 1948 when it became a separate Crown Colony after the end of
the Second World War. Subsequent changes to the constitution between 1948 and
1955 centred on introducing a democratic elections machinery in order to allow
Singapore citizens to elect members of the Legislative Assembly.

94 Singapore took the first steps towards self-government when a
Constitutional Mission met officials of the Colonial Office in London between
April and May 1956. A second delegation succeeded in its demand for
Singapore’s self-governance a year later and the finer details of Singapore’s
new constitution were finally sorted out by a third all-party mission. On 1
August 1958, the British Parliament passed the State of Singapore Act 1958 (c
59) (UK) which converted the colony into a self-governing state. On 3 June
1959, the Singapore (Constitution) Order in Council 1958 (SI 1958 No 1956)
(UK) came into force (this Order in fact made provision for a new constitution
for Singapore). This was a key development, because Arts 83 and 85 of the
Singapore (Constitution) Order in Council 1958 constituted, in fact, the
genesis of what today are, respectively, Arts 112 and 115 of the Constitution.

95 Article 112 of the Constitution reads as follows:

**Protection of pension rights**

**112.** —(1) The _law applicable to_ any pension, gratuity or other like
allowance (referred to in this Article as an award) _granted to_ any public
officer or to his widow, children, dependants or personal representatives
_shall be_ that in force on the relevant day or any later law not less
favourable to the person concerned.

(2) For the purposes of this Article, the relevant day is —

(_a_) in relation to an award made before 16th September 1963, the date on
which the award was made;

(_b_) in relation to an award made after 16th September 1963, to or in respect
of any person who was a public officer before that date, the date immediately
before that date; and

(_c_) in relation to an award made to or in respect of any person who first
became a public officer on or after 16th September 1963, the date on which he
first became a public officer.

(3) For the purposes of this Article, where the law applicable to an award
depends on the option of the person to whom it is made, the law for which he
opts shall be taken to be more favourable to him than any other law for which
he might have opted.

[emphasis added]

96 The relevant part of Art 115 of the Constitution reads as follows:

**Pension rights on transfer**

**115.** —(1) Notwithstanding any provision of this Constitution relating to
the circumstances in which a public officer may vacate his office, any public
officer may, with the consent of the Government (which consent shall not be
unreasonably withheld), relinquish his office for the purpose of transfer to
some other public office or to an office in any other public service, and if
he so relinquishes his office, his _claim to any pension, gratuity or other
like allowance_ shall not thereby be prejudiced.

[emphasis added]

97 The headings to Arts 112 and 115 of the Constitution (in particular, the
reference to “pension rights”) might, at first blush, appear to support the
appellants’ case (an argument made by Mr Ramayah (above at [92]); and see
generally the discussion with regard to the role of marginal notes at
[36]–[41] above). It is, however, important to reiterate that marginal notes
are merely aids or guides to interpretation (see also [41] above). In
particular, their meaning must be gleaned from _the actual statutory language
as well as the context._ It is therefore imperative to ascertain _the precise
content as well as the context_ of the “pension rights” that are the focus of
both Arts 112 and 115 of the Constitution. In this regard, the rationale
underlying the inclusion of Arts 112 and 115 in our Constitution can be
gleaned from para 43 of the Report of the Singapore Constitutional Reference
held in London in March and April 1957 (Legislative Assembly, Singapore,
Sessional Paper No Misc 2 of 1957) (“the Report”). That particular paragraph
states as follows:

The safeguards promised to members of Her Majesty’s Overseas Civil Service and
other overseas pensionable officers, as set out in the White Paper on the
Reorganisation of the Colonial Service (Colonial Paper No. 306), should be
secured. It should in particular be provided that:—

(i) The officers’ existing rights to retire with compensation and in respect
of tenure of office, promotion and discipline should be safeguarded by
incorporating in the constitutional instruments the provisions at present
contained in the Ordinances establishing the Compensation Scheme and the
Public Service Commission.

(ii) The other terms of service of the officers concerned should not be
altered to make them less favourable than those on which the officers were
already serving, in accordance with paragraph 11(_d_) of Sessional Paper No.
Command 65 of 1956 for the Legislative Assembly of Singapore (containing the
Singapore Government’s statement of policy on Malayanisation).

(iii) _Existing laws and regulations relating to pensions and other like
benefits should not be altered to the detriment of serving or retired officers
or their dependents_.

(iv) The officers should continue to be regarded by Her Majesty’s Government
in the United Kingdom as members of Her Majesty’s Overseas Civil Service (or
Her Majesty’s Overseas Judiciary) and as such to be _eligible for
consideration for transfer_ (including promotion) to any posts which the
Secretary of State might be requested to fill in other territories, and the
Singapore Government should not unreasonably withhold consent to their
accepting such transfer and _should preserve their existing pension rights on
transfer_.

[emphasis added]

98 It is therefore clear that Arts 112 and 115(1) were enacted to ensure that
the terms of service of existing civil servants at the time Singapore attained
self-governance would not be prejudiced. The appellants argued, however, that
Art 112 contemplates that the Act confers pension rights; they argued, in
particular, that it would be odd to say that Art 112 was enacted to only
preserve the applicable law if and when an award was made but that, until
then, a public officer had no right to a pension even if he retired in
pensionable circumstances.

99 In our view, however, Art 112(1) simply protects a serving public officer
against future legislation that adversely affects the legitimate expectation
for a pension that may be awarded to him or her. This was the express
intention of the Legislative Assembly as stated in para 43(iii) of the Report
(reproduced above at [97]). As stated above, until a public officer is granted
a pension, a public officer merely has a _legitimate expectation_ to a
pension. Such an interpretation would then be consistent with Art 112(1) which
applies _only when_ a public officer has been _granted_ a pension such that
the law applicable to a pension granted to a public officer shall be that in
force on the relevant day or any later law not less favourable to the person
concerned.

100 Accordingly, Art 112 of the Constitution does not provide any basis upon
which the appellants can argue that they have a right to a pension. It is
clear that the appellants’ reliance on Art 112 to show that they have a right
to a pension, simply because the heading of Art 112 is “Protection of pension
rights”, is misplaced.

101 The appellants also seek to rely on Art 115(1) on the basis that it speaks
of the public officer’s “claim” to any pension, gratuity or other like
allowance and “claim” is defined as “right” in the _Concise_ _Oxford
Dictionary of Current English_ ([18] _supra_). With respect, the appellants
are clutching at straws in arguing that the use of words such as “claim” to a
pension supports a finding that they have a right to a pension. A reading of
para 43(iv) of the Report (reproduced above at [97]) demonstrates beyond
peradventure that Art 115 was intended as a transitional arrangement for civil
servants in service at the time Singapore attained self-governance. As the
respondent rightly contended, it is a historical relic and is wholly
irrelevant to whether the appellants can be said to have a right to a pension.

102 In any event, it is unclear how Art 115(1) would be able to assist the
appellants in their claim for a right to a pension. Art 115(1) states that a
public officer’s claim to a pension, gratuity or other like allowance shall
not be prejudiced if he “relinquishes his office for the purpose of transfer
to some other public office or to an office in any other public service”. The
appellants have not and do not claim to have relinquished their office for
some other public office. It also cannot possibly be argued that opting for
the CPF scheme is a “relinquishment of his office for the purpose of transfer
to some other public office”.

103 The appellants also argued that Art 113 of the Constitution supports the
view that there are pension rights which do not depend on discretion because
it confines itself to cases where the award is dependent on the _discretion_
of the authority or person vested with the power to award a pension under any
law. Article 113 of the Constitution reads as follows:

**Power of Public Service Commission and Legal Service Commission in relation
to pensions, etc.**

**113.** —(1) Where under any written law any person or authority has a
discretion —

(_a_) to decide whether or not any award shall be made; or

(_b_) to withhold, reduce in amount or suspend any such award that has been
made,

that award shall be made and may not be withheld, reduced in amount or
suspended unless the Public Service Commission or the Legal Service
Commission, as the case may be, concurs in the refusal to grant the award or,
as the case may be, in the decision to withhold, reduce in amount or suspend
it.

(2) Where the amount of any award that may be made to any person is not fixed
by law, the amount of the award to be made to him shall be the greatest amount
for which he is eligible unless the Public Service Commission or the Legal
Service Commission, as the case may be, concurs in the making of an award of a
smaller amount.

(3) In this Article, “award” has the same meaning as in Article 112.

104 If Art 113 is looked at in isolation, there may, at first blush, be some
merit to the appellants’ argument. Nonetheless, as the respondent has
correctly pointed out, the appellants have not pointed to any instance where a
pension or like benefit is granted as of right to a public officer. Indeed,
the appellants are unable to do so in the face of s 8(1) of the Act which
states very clearly that no public officer has an absolute right to a pension.

**_The effect of the 1973 Option entered into by the appellants_**

105 Given our finding that the appellants had no legal right to a pension
under the Act and that, even if they did, they could not point to any
provision under the Act which in fact secured such a right and that, in any
event, even if such a provision existed, there was no article in the
Constitution that would afford the constitutional protection claimed by the
appellants, it is clear that there was no legal obstacle whatsoever to the
appellants entering into the 1973 Option by way of a contract where such a
choice was (in the appellants’ minds) more advantageous.

106 It is important to note that the appellants did not claim that they had
been coerced into entering into the 1973 Option. Indeed, they did not argue
that any vitiating factors operated in order to render the contract they had
entered into either void or voidable under the general principles of contract
law. In the circumstances, therefore, the appellants ought to abide by their
respective contracts. However, they are now seeking to resile from their
contracts. Put plainly, they are attempting to breach their respective
contracts without lawful excuse.

107 Mr Ramayah nevertheless continued to argue that the appellants could not
contract out of their constitutional rights and that to allow them to do so
would be against public policy. Viewed as general propositions of law, these
related arguments appear not only attractive but are also eminently logical
and fair. However, the main issue must not be lost sight of and it is this: Do
the appellants have a legal right to a pension under the Act, which right is
protected under the relevant article(s) of the Constitution? One has only to
ask this question to realise that, in accordance with the detailed reasons
given above, it has _already_ been answered in _the negative_. Indeed, we have
summarised the legal position right at the outset of this part of our judgment
(at [105] above).

108 In point of fact, there was no legal impediment whatsoever to the
appellants entering into the contracts they did. As Prof Woon pertinently
pointed out, having made the choice to convert to the CPF scheme, the
appellants have enjoyed the benefits under that scheme for the last 33 years.
Now believing that it is far more advantageous to revert back into the pension
scheme, they are seeking to have the best of both worlds. At this juncture, we
note that although the appellants claim that they are willing to repay all the
moneys they had been given under the CPF scheme, this would not (as we shall
see) restore the parties concerned to the _status quo ante_. This particular
point is of special legal significance in so far as the doctrine of _estoppel_
is concerned – an issue which we deal with in the next part of this judgment.
It will suffice for the moment to note the more basic point that the
appellants enjoyed far more than just the monetary benefits that were given to
them under the CPF scheme. It is therefore rather disingenuous of them to now
argue that by returning the moneys they had received under this scheme, they
would be returning all parties to the position that existed at the point they
had opted to convert to the CPF scheme, _viz_ , as at 1973.

109 As we have alluded to above, what the appellants are attempting to do, in
substance and effect, is to resile from a contract entered into validly and in
good faith simply because they are of the view that the contract – having
existed for the last 33 years – is no longer to their advantage. Viewed in
this light, they are attempting to ask this court not only to sanction a
breach of contract but are also asking this court to wholly abandon – indeed
dismantle – the very foundation and structure of the law of contract itself.
The law of contract is, simply put, premised on parties fulfilling promises
made to each other pursuant to a legal agreement entered into between them.
What, therefore, the appellants are attempting to do is to ignore the very
foundation of what a legal contract is about in the first instance. If parties
were allowed to walk away from contracts simply because they felt that the
contract entered into was no longer to their advantage, chaos would ensue.
Indeed, this would be an understatement. The very concept of an ordered
society depends on parties observing the law in general and the promises
validly made under law to each other in particular. This is not only obvious
and axiomatic; it is utterly essential to a proper functioning of society
itself.

110 As we have already alluded to above, the appellants in fact enjoyed more
than just the moneys that were credited into their respective CPF accounts.
Indeed, there is a further legal reason why they cannot now resile from their
respective contracts. This relates to the doctrine of estoppel, to which our
attention must now turn.

_The issue of estoppel_

111 The respondent also argued that the appellants were clearly estopped from
claiming that they could have their post-1973 service taken into account in
calculating the pension payable. The basic line of argument, as we understand
it, was as follows. It was well accepted that estoppel arose when there had
been a clear or unequivocal promise or representation which was intended to
affect the legal relationship between the parties and which indicated that the
promisor would not insist on his strict legal rights against the promisee. By
choosing to convert to the CPF scheme, the appellants represented to the
Government that they would not subsequently insist on reverting to the pension
scheme. Alternatively, having enjoyed the benefit of the CPF payments made by
the Government to their CPF accounts for the past 33 years, the appellants
were estopped by their conduct from insisting that they were not bound by the
terms of the 1973 Option entered into.

112 Second, the promise or representation must in some way have influenced the
conduct of the party to whom it was made and the promisee must have suffered
some “detriment” in reliance on the promise. This might mean that the promisee
must have done something which he was not previously bound to do and as a
result have suffered loss _,_ for example, by incurring expenditure in
reliance on the promise. In addition, it must also be inequitable for the
promisor to go back on the promise. In the circumstances, so the argument
went, this requirement was more than satisfied in the present case. The
Government had altered its position to its detriment by making CPF
contributions for the past 33 years to the appellants’ accounts on the basis
that they were not on the pension scheme. It was therefore inequitable for the
appellants to insist on returning to the pension scheme.

113 Although the respondent’s argument centring on estoppel is, at first
blush, a persuasive – and even powerful – one, a threshold question arises, in
our view, as to whether or not the doctrine of estoppel is relevant in the
first instance. Let us elaborate.

114 In the first instance, there are many varieties of estoppel. It is unclear
which particular variety the respondent was relying upon. The respondent was,
presumably, relying upon _promissory_ estoppel which was first fully expounded
upon by Denning J (as he then was) in the seminal English decision of _Central
London Property Trust Limited v High Trees House Limited_ [1947] KB 130.
However, at this juncture, it is important to note that the doctrine of
promissory estoppel was developed in order to avoid the injustice that would
otherwise result when a contracting party pleaded an absence of consideration.
Indeed, this particular doctrine is premised upon the rationale of
unconscionability. Its basic legal contours are clear, although specific
difficulties with respect to certain aspects of the doctrine remain. For our
present purposes, however, it would appear that there is no need for the
respondent to invoke the doctrine of promissory estoppel in the first instance
for the very simple reason that the appellants have not argued that the
contracts entered into by them lack valid consideration. Indeed, by invoking
the doctrine of promissory estoppel, the respondent appears, whether by design
or otherwise, to be utilising this doctrine as a cause of action in itself.
Whether or not this is permissible is an issue that is still shrouded in some
controversy. It was always assumed that such a course of action was
impermissible. However, the leading Australian High Court decision of _Waltons
Stores (Interstate) Limited v Maher_ (1988) 164 CLR 387 allowed the doctrine
of promissory estoppel to be utilised as a cause of action in itself: as (in
traditional terminology) a “sword” (as opposed to merely a “shield” or defence
(as exemplified in the oft-cited English Court of Appeal decision of _Combe v
Combe_ [1951] 2 KB 215)). There is, in fact, some indication that even in
England, a more flexible approach might be adopted. In the recent English
Court of Appeal decision of _Baird Textiles Holdings Ltd v Marks & Spencer
plc_ [2002] 1 All ER (Comm) 737, for example, Sir Andrew Morritt VC did refer
to the Australian High Court decision of _Waltons Stores (Interstate) Limited
v Maher_. Morritt VC, whilst not completely closing the door to allowing
estoppel to function as a cause of action in and of itself, was clearly
reluctant to adopt a more positive stance – citing the absence of precedent as
well as the need for sufficient certainty (which he did not find on the facts)
(see _ibid_ at 751). The learned judge did, however, acknowledge that the
House of Lords might adopt a different (and more liberal) approach in the
future (at 751–752). Judge and Mance LJJ were also of a similar view:
emphasising both the point from precedent as well as the desirability of
distinguishing amongst the various categories of estoppel (at 753–754 and at
760–763 respectively). However, in view of our decision that there are no
problems relating to consideration with regard to the contracts entered into
by the appellants, we do not have to decide this particular issue in the
present appeal.

115 If, however, the respondent were utilising the doctrine of estoppel by
_representation_ as a defence against the appellants’ claim, such a defence
would, in our view, be successful for the reasons proffered by the respondent
(at [112]–[113] above). We are, nevertheless, of the view that there is in
fact no need for the respondent to invoke this doctrine for the simple reason
that the appellants’ claim cannot succeed because the claim entails resiling
from their respective contracts by breaching those very contracts themselves.
It is significant to note that there was nothing to indicate that these
contracts were rendered either void or voidable by any vitiating factor. In
any event, it may be argued that the representation was promissory in nature
(as opposed to one of fact) and that the doctrine of _promissory_ estoppel
ought properly to apply instead. However, as we have already pointed out in
the preceding paragraph, there is no need for the respondent to invoke the
doctrine of promissory estoppel in the first instance.

116 A similar reason to that set out in the preceding paragraph would also
render the invocation, by the respondent, of yet another variety of estoppel
unnecessary, _viz_ , estoppel by convention (see generally Piers Feltham,
Daniel Hochberg & Tom Leech, _Spencer Bower,_ _The Law Relating to Estoppel by
Representation_ (LexisNexis, 4th Ed, 2004) (“ _Spencer Bower_ ”) at pp 7–8 and
(especially) ch VIII, as well as Justice K R Handley, _Estoppel by Conduct and
Election_ (Sweet & Maxwell, 2006) at ch 8). As _Spencer Bower_ put it (at
paras VIII.2.1 and VIII.2.2):

An estoppel by convention, it is submitted, is an estoppel by representation
of fact, a promissory estoppel or a proprietary estoppel, in which the
relevant proposition is established, not by representation or promise by one
party to another, but by mutual, express or implicit, assent. This form of
estoppel is founded, not on a representation made by a representor and
believed by a representee, but on an agreed statement of facts or law, the
truth of which has been assumed, by convention of the parties, as a basis of
their relationship. When the parties have so acted in their relationship upon
the agreed assumption that the given state of facts or law is to be accepted
between them as true, that it would be unfair on one for the other to resile
from the agreed assumption, then he will be entitled to relief against the
other according to whether the estoppel is as to a matter of fact, or
promissory, and/or proprietary.

The formulation of the propositions contained in the preceding two sentences
that appeared in the previous edition of this work confined the doctrine to
conventions as to matters of fact between parties entering a transaction, and
made no reference to unfairness. Although that formulation has been expressly
approved by the Court of Appeal, it has been amended because, first, the House
of Lords has held that an estoppel may be founded on a convention as to law,
and, secondly, it is now recognised that reliance, to found an estoppel, must
be such that it would be unfair to resile, but it is not necessary that the
parties be about to enter a transaction.

The above is, of course, only a very basic statement of principle. In any
event, the respondent did not raise this particular category of estoppel in
his arguments before us and we therefore say no more about it.

**Conclusion**

117 Mr Ramayah referred repeatedly to the social policy underlying the grant
of a pension under the Act. In particular, he referred to certain observations
by the then Prime Minister on 21 July 1959 (see [15] above).

118 If we may say so, the irony is that nothing in the factual matrix in the
present appeal militates against the ideals embodied in the above observations
– ideals which Mr Ramayah so passionately argued for. Even more ironically,
the position is, in fact, quite the _contrary_. We cannot see how it could be
argued that where, as in the present appeal, the officers concerned (here, the
appellants) are, in fact, offered a _free choice_ _to opt for what (in their
minds) is a better scheme_ , the ideals just mentioned have been undermined or
contravened. Such an argument is, with respect, both illogical as well as
misleading. Indeed, there is even evidence before us that the 1973 Option had
objectively benefited the appellants over the last 33 years. It is true that
they now feel that they are better off opting back into the pension scheme.
However, they have disingenuously omitted throughout to state that they have
benefited from the CPF scheme in ways that cannot be quantified and which may
still redound to their benefit right to the present time. For example, as Prof
Woon pertinently pointed out, like all other Singaporeans who contribute to
the CPF, the appellants have enjoyed the benefits that come with membership of
the CPF scheme, including the possibility of using CPF funds to purchase a
house or a flat. Indeed, as already mentioned, the appellants enjoyed these
benefits for 33 years.

119 However, be that as it may, the main issues before us are legal ones and
must be determined in an objective fashion regardless of the motives of the
parties concerned. Bearing this in mind and applying the relevant legal
principles to the facts of the present proceedings, we now summarise our
findings, which have been elaborated upon in much greater detail above.

120 We find, first, that the appellants have no legal right to a pension under
the Act. On this threshold ground alone, the appeal must fail. In any event,
even if it could be argued that there was a right, the appellants have failed
to prove that s 9(_d_) of the Act furnishes them with such a right. Even if
they had done so, it is clear that the rights sought to be protected under the
Constitution (in particular, Art 112(1) thereof) are wholly different from the
right relied on by the appellant. In the circumstances, there was no legal
impediment to the appellants opting – via contract – for an alternative scheme
which they thought was more appropriate to their needs. Having opted for such
a scheme, they are contractually bound by it and the condition of
irrevocability in the contract is otiose inasmuch as it merely reflects the
basic principle of contract law to the effect that one cannot unilaterally
resile from a contract validly entered into. We also find that the appellants
are, in any event, estopped from so resiling even if they would otherwise have
had a legal right to do so, although it is, based on the facts of the present
proceedings, unnecessary (for the reasons set out above) for us to actually
apply the doctrine of estoppel in the first place.

121 In the premises, we dismiss the appeal with costs, and with the usual
consequential orders to follow.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 04 May 2007 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

