Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Amanresorts Limited and Another v Novelty Pte Ltd  
[2007] SGHC 201

Case Number | : | Suit 276/2006  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 27 November 2007  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Tay Yong Kwang J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Alban Kang, Koh Chia Ling and Ang Kai Hsiang (Alban Tay Mahtani & De Silva) for the plaintiffs; Tan Tee Jim SC, Christopher de Souza and Lim Ke Xiu (Lee & Lee) for the defendant   
Parties | : |  Amanresorts Limited; Amanresorts International Pte Ltd — Novelty Pte Ltd   
  
Tort – Misrepresentation – Fraud and deceit – Whether there was
misrepresentation amounting to fraud – Whether making reference to similarly-
named resort amounting to fraud – Whether plagiarising superlatives describing
trade mark proprietor's resort amounting to fraud  
  
Tort – Passing off – Damage – Damage required – Requirement for probability of
damage to goodwill in respect of trade or business – Whether there was
requisite damage – Whether loss in form of loss of uniqueness and exclusivity,
branding fees and prejudice to future real estate development plans amounting
to requisite damage  
  
Tort – Passing off – Goodwill – Whether there was goodwill  
  
Tort – Passing off – Misrepresentation – Misrepresentation required –
Requirement of real risk that alleged infringer's representation would deceive
substantial number of persons of relevant section of public – Requirement of
consequence of misrepresentation being that relevant section of public would
believe that goods or services of alleged infringer were those of trade mark
proprietor – Requirement of consequence of misrepresentation being that
relevant section of public would believe that there was business connection
between trade mark proprietor and alleged infringer in relation to goods or
services provided by them – Whether there was requisite misrepresentation  
  
Tort – Passing off – Test for tort of passing off to be established –
Requirement of goodwill – Requirement of misrepresentation – Requirement of
damage – Whether tort of passing off established  
  
Trade Marks and Trade Names – Goodwill – Whether there was goodwill  
  
Words and Phrases – "Connection" – "Likely to damage the interests of the
proprietor" – Sections 55, 55(3)(a) Trade Marks Act (Cap 332, 2005 Rev Ed)  
  
Words and Phrases – "Relevant sector of the public in Singapore" – Section
2(8) Trade Marks Act (Cap 332, 2005 Rev Ed)  
  

27 November 2007  |  Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Tay Yong Kwang J

Synopsis of the case

1 The plaintiffs are the proprietors of various trademarks worldwide
consisting of the word “Aman” or the prefix “Aman”, including Amanusa, which
is, however, not a Singapore trademark at the material time. Amanusa is the
name of one of the plaintiffs’ exclusive resorts in Bali, Indonesia.

2 The defendant is a developer of real estate in Singapore. Sometime in early
2006, it began marketing for sale a residential project undergoing
construction at Yio Chu Kang Drive in the north-central part of Singapore. The
project was also called Amanusa.

3 The plaintiffs alleged passing-off and a fraudulent intention to deceive on
the part of the defendant. They also claimed, in the alternative, that Amanusa
and/or Aman were well-known trademarks which were entitled to protection
pursuant to s 55 of the Trade Marks Act (Cap 332, 2005 revised edition).

4 At the conclusion of the trial, I held that there was passing-off but I was
not satisfied that there was a fraudulent intention to deceive. I also held
that the plaintiffs’ trademarks were well known trademarks and that the
plaintiffs were entitled to an injunction (with consequential directions) to
restrain the defendant from using them, in particular, Amanusa, in relation to
any form of accommodation. The injunction was confined to the plaintiffs’
trademarks and did not extend, as pleaded by the plaintiffs, to all words
which included the prefix “Aman”. I did not order an inquiry as to damages or
an account of profits as there was no immediate damage suffered by the
plaintiffs as a result of the use of the name Amanusa. The plaintiffs were
awarded 90% of the costs of the action, the deduction being in respect of the
issues on which they failed. No certificate for costs for more than two
solicitors was ordered under O 59 r 19 of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5)

The plaintiffs’ case

5 The plaintiffs’ evidence was adduced principally through their director,
Gregory Sirois. The 1st plaintiff is a company incorporated in Hong Kong,
which is a party to the Paris Convention and is a member of the World Trade
Organisation. It is represented in Singapore by the 2nd plaintiff, a company
incorporated here. The plaintiffs’ International Corporate Office and
International Reservations Office are located in Singapore. Both plaintiffs
are wholly-owned subsidiaries of Silverlink Holdings Limited, a British Virgin
Islands company, and operate under the umbrella of the Amanresorts group
consisting of more than 80 companies. The Amanresorts group was founded in the
mid-1980s by Adrian Zecha, a Javanese-born Dutch national and businessman. The
plaintiffs operate many exclusive, ultra-luxurious boutique resorts situated
at beautiful locations around the world, catering to the upper end of the
tourist market by emphasizing privacy and impeccable service. They are the
proprietors worldwide of trademarks consisting of the word “Aman” and/or
containing the prefix “Aman”, such as Aman, Amanresorts, Amandari, Amanpuri
and Amanyara, for a wide range of goods and services, including the provision
of resorts and accommodation. In respect of Amanusa mark, the plaintiffs own
the trademark in Brunei, Hong Kong, Indonesia, Malaysia, Myanmar and the
Philippines. There used to be a Singapore Amanusa trademark between 1998 and
2001 but that was not renewed following a shift in the plaintiffs’ commercial
strategy at that time. The plaintiffs also claimed to be the owners of the
reputation and goodwill in the said trademarks, particularly Amanusa, both in
Singapore and worldwide,.

6 The defendant is a Singapore company incorporated in May 2005. It is part of
the Novelty group of companies, a family-owned business involved in the
development and sale of residential properties and in the hotel and resort
business.

7 The plaintiffs’ first resort was the Amanpuri, which opened in 1988 in
Phuket, Thailand. The second resort was the Amandari in Bali, Indonesia. In
1990, the plaintiffs built their first real estate development of 31 villa
homes at the Amanpuri in Phuket. These homes provided long-term accommodation.
While the resort hotel business was central to their business, the plaintiffs
also considered the development of such long-term accommodation as a
significant part of their core business. In addition, the plaintiffs also
offer high-value experiences for their guests, such as Aman Cruises, Aman
Weddings and Amanusa Golf Experience.

8 In 1992, the Amankila and the Amanusa opened in Bali. These were the second
and the third of the plaintiffs’ resorts on that island. The architects who
designed the resort won an award in 1993 for its design. From 1988 to 2006, 16
Aman-prefixed resorts sprung up all over the globe but with most in Asia. The
plaintiffs also acquired two resorts which operated under their trade name and
house mark “Amanresorts”. These were the Hotel Bora Bora, French Polynesia, in
1989 and the Amanresorts Le Melezin, Courchevel, France, in 1992.

9 The plaintiffs have also, with various partners, developed and marketed
long-term residential accommodation at some of their resorts, which gradually
became known as Aman Villas. The development of such branded real estate
projects was part of a worldwide trend whereby luxury hotel groups would
develop and manage branded long-term residential projects. Conversely,
developers of houses and condominiums have also started building hotels and
resorts. There was therefore an ongoing convergence of the two erstwhile
separate industries. In Singapore, for example, the Shangri-La Hotels and
Resorts manage the Shangri-La Residences, a branded residential condominium
development, and the Shangri-La Apartments, a project involving branded
serviced apartments. Similarly, Starwood Hotels & Resorts Worldwide would be
managing the six-star St Regis Hotel together with the St Regis Residences.

10 The plaintiffs have received many requests from developers to use the Aman
brand name for their projects in return for a branding fee. Such an
arrangement would increase the prestige and price of the projects. The
plaintiffs would typically charge a branding fee of 10% of the price of the
units in the projects and would be responsible for the design of the projects
and, for another fee, their management upon completion of construction. The
plaintiffs are currently developing residential projects bearing the Aman
brand in various parts of the world, for instance, USA, Bahamas, Greece and
India. Their joint-venture partner has also acquired land for developing
Amanusa villas adjacent to the Amanusa resort. Such branded developments were
not necessarily confined to villas in remote areas. The plaintiffs have signed
agreements for high-rise developments in Tokyo and New York.

11 Worldwide sales for the plaintiffs’ goods and services ranged from about
USD39m in 1995 to around USD86m in 2006. The annual promotional and marketing
expenditure incurred by the plaintiffs worldwide ranged from USD1.9m in 1995
to about USD3m in 2006. The plaintiffs have a website at _www.amanresorts.com_
registered in December 1996 which, for the past several years, has attracted
millions of “hits”. The plaintiffs also own the domain name, _www.amanusa.com_
and many other domain names bearing the names of the various resorts. Since
1994, they have been distributing newsletters on the Aman resorts and their
related activities in Singapore and elsewhere, with subscribers worldwide
numbering about 100,000 and those in Singapore numbering more than 2,000.
Brochures for all the Aman resorts are available at their International
Corporate Office and International Reservations Office here.

12 The plaintiffs’ resorts have received numerous awards and accolades in the
travel and hospitality industries in each year of operation. They have also
been featured in international and regional magazines and newspapers both in
Singapore and elsewhere in the world. In one such journal, the name Aman was
described as one that “inspires hushed awe”. Celebrities such as Elizabeth
Taylor and Mick Jagger were reportedly frequent visitors of the resorts,
described variously as “super-exclusive, superb-luxury hotels”, “usually the
preserve of a very wealthy few”, “the cocoon of luxury” and “aimed at a more
discerning class of traveller (never a ‘tourist’) who are cash-rich, style-
conscious”. It has even been written that “a new international cult of Aman
junkies has arisen” (referring to people who have visited at least one Aman
resort or those who stay at Aman hotels around the world, travelling to a new
one every time it opens) and that their numbers exceed 130,000. The emphasis
is on quality, not quantity. The plaintiffs’ 18 resorts worldwide have only
626 rooms to offer.

13 The plaintiffs also produced statistics to show that a large number of
Singaporeans visit Bali every year, with more than 35,000 annually for the
years 2003 to 2005. More than 300,000 have gone to Bali between 1995 and 2005.
Some 1382 Singaporeans visited the Amanusa resort in Bali between 1995 and
2005.

14 By virtue of all the above, the plaintiffs claim to have substantial
reputation and goodwill in Singapore and worldwide in the names Aman, Amanusa
and/or any words with the prefix “Aman” when used in relation to resorts and
accommodation such that they have common law rights to the exclusive use of
the same as indicators of the source and/or quality of the goods and services
offered by them.

15 According to Tevy Eliazaar, the 1st plaintiff’s Area Financial Controller,
an Indonesian by race and nationality and someone who is fully conversant in
Bahasa Indonesia, the word Aman meant “peace” or “peaceful” and the word
“Nusa” meant “island” or “isle”. The phrase “Aman Nusa” was not a common one
in Bahasa Indonesia as it was grammatically incorrect. In that language, the
adjective ought to follow the noun and the correct rendition of the phrase
should have been “Nusa Aman”. The word Amanusa was an invented word. There is
no other place in Bali known as Aman Nusa or Amanusa other than the Amanusa
resort in Nusa Dua, Bali.

16 Sometime in February 2006, the plaintiffs realised that the defendant was
advertising and offering for sale a residential project undergoing
construction called the Amanusa located at Yio Chu Kang Drive, Singapore (“the
Yio Chu Kang project”). The Yio Chu Kang project comprises 36 freehold three-
storey terrace houses in a cluster with common amenities such as cascading
pools. On 14 February 2006, the 1st plaintiff issued a letter of demand to the
defendant asking it to change the name of the Yio Chu Kang project. As the
defendant refused to do so, this action was commenced on 3 May 2006.

17 The plaintiffs claimed that as a result of their extensive use of the Aman
and Amanusa names, many developers were trying to ride on these names in order
to give their projects an air of exclusivity since the said names were
associated with high-end, top quality, exclusive resorts. The defendant was
not the only developer seeking to ride on the Amanusa name. In March 2006, a
residential project in Indonesia was named Amanusa Regency. Following an
exchange of correspondence between the plaintiffs’ solicitors and the
developer of the Indonesian project, the name was changed to Anugraha Regency.

18 The defendant’s Yio Chu Kang project’s name was identical to the
plaintiffs’ trademark, Amanusa (not registered in Singapore). It also bore the
prefix Aman and was therefore identical with or otherwise similar to the
plaintiffs’ various Aman trademarks in essential aspects. The plaintiffs have
also been involved in the business of promoting and selling real estate in
association with their Aman resorts. Both the plaintiffs and the defendant
were therefore providers of identical or similar services (in real estate and
accommodation).

19 Three of the plaintiffs’ luxury resorts are in Bali. In addition, the
plaintiffs’ Amanwana resort is located on Moyo Island which is near to and
accessed through Bali. The defendant’s sales brochure and newspaper
advertisements in February 2006 described the Yio Chu Kang project as having a
Balinese-inspired retreat that included a water-themed backdrop. The
advertisements also described the said project as “exclusive”, a “private
hideaway” with luxury fittings. This was similar to the way the plaintiffs’
Aman real estate and resorts were described. Further, the name Amanusa had no
natural connection with the defendant but was strongly associated with the
plaintiffs since 1992. The adoption of that invented word would give the
impression that the Yio Chu Kang project was connected to the plaintiffs. The
confusion caused would be a continuing one as the units in the said project
could be sold by the present buyers to others, including foreigners (subject
to approval from the authorities). In 2006, foreigners formed about 23% of
buyers of private properties in Singapore. Many of the plaintiffs’ customers
or potential customers were foreigners and there was a strong likelihood that
they would be confused into believing that the Yio Chu Kang project was
connected to the plaintiffs.

20 The use of the name Amanusa by the defendant would lead to the gradual
whittling away and eventual erosion of the uniqueness and exclusivity
associated with the plaintiffs’ Aman trademarks and lessen their capacity to
identify and distinguish the plaintiffs’ goods and services from others. Other
third parties could also decide to do the same, thereby causing further
whittling away and erosion. Members of the public in Singapore would no longer
associate the Aman brand with a standard equivalent to other prestigious
developments here, such as the Four Seasons Park and the St Regis Residences.
There would also be loss of branding fees as other developers would see no
need to pay for the exclusive use of the Aman brand for their projects. The
plaintiffs would suffer further damage in not being able to use the name
Amanusa or other Aman-prefixed name for their own real estate developments in
Singapore or elsewhere due to possible customer confusion, given the
globalised nature of the plaintiffs’ real estate market.

21 Two private investigation agencies were employed by the plaintiffs to
conduct investigations in relation to the Yio Chu Kang project. On 26 March
2007, Leong Chee Wing (“Leong”), general manager of Pan Intel Investigation &
Consultants, visited the defendant’s sales office cum show flat in the
vicinity of Balestier Road. There he met Jerry Koh (“Jerry”) of Huttons
Residential Pte Ltd (“Huttons”), the marketing agents for the Yio Chu Kang
project. Jerry explained to him the details of the project and handed him a
hard-cover sales brochure. Leong asked Jerry about the name Amanusa and was
told that it was an Indian name, “it is like a resort, there is a resort
called Amanusa. It is a very famous resort”. Jerry explained further that a
search on the Internet would show the Indonesian resort. Jerry’s colleague
added that the name meant “quiet, safe, native”.

22 Kelley Teo (“Kelley”), a private investigator employed by Commercial
Investigations LLP, visited the sales office for the Yio Chu Kang project on
30 March 2007. She spoke to Jason Cai (“Jason”) of Huttons and was given a
hard-cover sales brochure. When she mentioned that the development looked
“kind of like exclusive”, Jason said that was because it was named after a
very well-known holiday resort and that the concept of the Yio Chu Kang
project was resort living. Jason was unable to say where that famous resort
was located.

23 The pleaded particulars of the defendant’s alleged fraudulent intention to
deceive were:

(a) the defendant and/or its representatives and agent involved in the
development of the Yio Chu Kang project knew of the Aman group of resorts and
its other Aman properties;

(b) the defendant deliberately chose the word Amanusa for the name of its
condominium development, a name identical to the plaintiffs’ Amanusa resort in
Bali;

(c) the defendant intended to use the Amanusa name to market the Yio Chu Kang
project as one with an exclusive and luxurious Balinese resort-style concept;
and

(d) the use of the name Amanusa was intended to show a connection between the
plaintiffs’ Amanusa resort and the Yio Chu Kang project.

24 The plaintiffs claimed a declaration that their Amanusa trademark and/or
their Aman trademarks were well known trademarks in Singapore and, pursuant to
s 55(3)(a) of the Trade Marks Act, an injunction to restrain the defendant
from using a trade name, trademark or business identifier including the prefix
or word Aman in relation to any form of accommodation. The plaintiffs also
sought an injunction to restrain the defendant from passing off any form of
accommodation as that of the plaintiffs by the use of the trademark Amanusa or
any word with the prefix Aman or otherwise. They sought an order for delivery
up and destruction, at the defendant’s expense, of all goods and documents,
the use of which by the defendant in the course of trade would be a breach of
the said injunctions and an order for the removal of the name Amanusa or any
word with the prefix Aman from any infringing goods which could not be
delivered up. The plaintiffs also asked for an inquiry as to damages or an
account of profits for the unauthorised use of Amanusa and/or passing off the
Aman trademarks, interest and costs.

The defendant’s case

25 The defendant averred that the Yio Chu Kang project was targeted at
homeowners in Singapore, unlike the plaintiffs’ resorts and accommodation
which focused on visitors, tourists and corporate convention participants. It
claimed that there was no likelihood of, or no, confusion or deception and no
likelihood of, or no, damage to the plaintiffs’ interests.

26 Manoj Dharmadas Kalwani (“Manoj”), a director of the defendant, testified
that besides the Yio Chu Kang project, the defendant and its sister companies
had developed many other residential projects in Singapore, such as The Tai
Pan, Tai Pan Jade, Tai Pan Regency, Bluwaters, Platinum Edge, Iridium and
Vanadium. These projects were successful because of reasonable pricing,
convenient locations and, in particular, quality finishes and furnishings for
which the defendant was well known. The purchasers of the units were mostly
Singaporeans wishing to own a home or to upgrade.

27 In July 2005, the defendant bought the 56,355 sq ft site on which the Yio
Chu Kang project now stands. It was then a vacant plot of land with lush
greenery and thick foliage all round, nestled in a quiet residential
neighbourhood and near a nature reserve. The defendant discussed with its
architects on how to capitalise on the site to ensure a successful residential
project. It was decided that the Yio Chu Kang project would comprise a cluster
of 36 three-storey terrace houses with basement car park and roof garden. The
project would also harmonize with its surroundings and provide a peaceful and
soothing place of abode for its occupants. There would also be high-quality
fixtures and equipment in the units. Because of the vision to provide an oasis
or a sanctuary, the architects suggested the name Amanusa which meant
“peaceful island” in Malay. The defendant agreed, without then knowing about
the Amanusa resort in Bali or other Aman resorts and hotels.

28 On 1 September 2005, the architects applied to the Street and Building
Names Board to name the Yio Chu Kang project as Amanusa. Approval was given
within a week. This reinforced the defendant’s view that the name was
appropriate for the project. This was because the said board rejected an
application in December 2004 in respect of another project (at Jalan Loyang
Besar) which the defendant had proposed to name “Paradise Waters” on the
ground that it could create the wrong impression that the development was
located next to the sea. At that time, the defendant was still ignorant about
the plaintiffs’ resorts.

29 The defendant then engaged Debenham Tie Leung (SEA) Pte Ltd (“DTZ”) to
market the Yio Chu Kang project. Manoj spoke to some of the visitors at the
show flat and learnt that most of them were Singaporean families wishing to
own landed property or to upgrade from their current homes, mainly public
housing. They did not give him the impression that they were there because
they thought the Yio Chu Kang project was related to the plaintiffs’ resorts.
He paid attention to all this because the defendant had received the
plaintiffs’ letter of demand dated 14 February 2006 alleging passing-off.

30 The defendant’s solicitors responded to the said letter of demand. The
defendant denied that the 1st plaintiff had extensive reputation or goodwill
in Singapore in respect of Aman or Amanusa. The defendant stated that the
Street and Building Names Board would not have approved the name for the Yio
Chu Kang project if it was distinctive and associated in Singapore with only
the 1st plaintiff. The defendant also did not believe that many Singaporeans
had heard or were aware of Aman or Amanusa. Any such knowledge, it argued,
would be confined to a very small and select group of Singaporeans. It also
argued that Aman was a common and descriptive Malay word meaning “peace” and
that Nusa meant “motherland” and that “peaceful motherland” was an appropriate
name for the project with its serene environment. The defendant denied any
likelihood of confusion between the Yio Chu Kang project and the plaintiffs’
resorts. Further, the developer was clearly stated in the sales brochures as
the Novelty Group. The residential housing project was also clearly different
from the “temporary holiday accommodation” provided by the 1st plaintiff
overseas. The actual and potential customers were different. The defendant’s
customers would only purchase a unit after lengthy and careful consideration
and evaluation and would not be confused.

31 In another letter (dated 6 March 2006), the defendant’s solicitors
reiterated that the “composite word” Amanusa meant “peaceful motherland” and
that the component words were common descriptive ones which the courts were
loathe to allow anyone to monopolise.

32 As a result of the plaintiffs’ letter of demand, the defendant started
issuing questionnaires to potential purchasers of the Yio Chu Kang project
from July 2006. Some of the questions asked were, “What were your
reasons/factors for choosing the Amanusa development?”, “Would you have chosen
the Amanusa development if it were called by some other name? (Please state
reason(s) for your “yes” or “no” or any other answer)” and “Does the name/word
“Amanusa” mean anything to you? If so, please indicate its meaning to you”.
There were 51 responses and these did not bear out the plaintiffs’ allegations
of confusion. As at 5 March 2007 (more than a year after marketing began),
only 11 of the 36 units in the Yio Chu Kang project were sold, unlike some of
the defendant’s other projects which sold out within 6 to 8 months of their
launch. (At the time of the trial, only one unit remained unsold.) The
defendant submitted that the name Amanusa therefore did not help in driving
the sales.

33 From the plaintiffs’ sales brochures and other promotional materials and
their trademark certificates (relating to their Aman-prefixed marks), it was
clear that the plaintiffs were not in the business of building residential and
commercial properties for sale or lease to homeowners. The plaintiffs were in
the business of providing leisure, retreat, recreational, spa and other such
services within the luxurious and expensive resorts and hotels owned or
operated by them. The accommodation provided by them was short-term stay in
the resorts and hotels.

34 The plaintiffs’ business catered to very well-to-do and high net worth
individuals. The room rates for Amanusa in Bali were between USD700 and USD
1,500 per night, not including 10% service charge and 11% government tax. The
range of room rates for the plaintiffs’ other resorts in Bali was similar to
Amanusa’s. Out of the 1,382 guests from Singapore between 1995 and 2005, many
were probably repeat guests (the so-called “Aman junkies”). The plaintiffs’
villas and homes were adjacent to and were part of the relevant resorts,
enjoying the same amenities such as tennis courts and fitness centres. They
were owned by others but managed by the plaintiffs and catered to a different
category of guests from those in the resorts, such as those with large
families or those who want their privacy. The rates for the villas were
similarly very high. It was thus evident that the plaintiffs and the
defendants catered to different market segments and different clientele.

35 Purchasers of real estate in Singapore would generally be discerning and
cautious, considering other factors such as price, location, amenities and the
reputation of the developer before making a commitment. Ordinary Singaporeans
wishing to travel overseas for holiday were highly unlikely to find themselves
in the Yio Chu Kang project thinking that they were in the midst of the
plaintiff’s luxurious Amanusa resort. The plaintiffs’ fear of confusion or
deception was unfounded or imaginary. This was borne out by three of the
defendant’s purchasers who testified at the trial that when they bought their
respective units in April 2006 and in April 2007, they had not heard of the
plaintiffs’ resorts and did not decide to buy because of the name Amanusa. One
of them was an Indonesian businessman who travelled frequently between Jakarta
and Singapore. Another, a Singaporean lady, testified that her husband did
some research on the Internet about the Yio Chu Kang project before buying a
unit and chanced upon the plaintiffs’ website, _www.amanresorts.com_ , and the
Amanusa resort. However, the sales agent marketing the Yio Chu Kang project
merely said that he had heard of a resort somewhere having the same name and
did not claim any connection between the Yio Chu Kang project and the Amanusa
resort.

36 Chan Sze Chin (“Chan”) of JGP Architecture (S) Pte Ltd, the architects for
the Yio Chu Kang project, explained how the name Amanusa was eventually chosen
for the said project. His colleagues and the defendant’s other consultants met
for brainstorming sessions for a suitable name for the project, keeping Chan
informed of the progress as he was its concept architect. They were all aware
of the guidelines set out by the Street and Building Names Board that the
choice of name should reflect and reinforce the Singaporean character of the
locality of the site. They considered “Cascading Waters” and “Tropical Waters”
but decided that these were too mundane and lacked appeal. From experience,
they knew that using a non-English name, such as “Les Jardins de Hollande”,
could help to drive sales. However, as the project had a tropical theme,
French names were inappropriate. They then turned to the dominant languages in
south-east Asia, namely, Bahasa Indonesia and Malay.

37 They decided to leverage on the tranquillity of the project’s surroundings
and “peaceful” came to mind. Two possible equivalent words in the said
dominant languages for “peaceful” were “aman” and “sentosa”. The latter was
rejected as it would be associated with our southern island bearing that name.
Having decided on Aman, they considered words that could capture the setting
as well. They came upon the term “nusantara” meaning “archipelago”. However,
the word was too long and it was decided that it would be shortened to “Nusa”
meaning “island”, which would convey the impression of an oasis and sanctuary,
the very ambience they were seeking to create.

38 After deciding on the two components, they had to decide on the order of
the two words in a way that could be easily pronounced and remembered. Amanusa
was preferred over Nusa Aman as the former “rolled off the tongue more
easily”. One of the “n”s was dropped because the double “n” would cause the
reader to pause before pronouncing the word as it would be very difficult to
pronounce. Since it was a name, it would be easier to have one word instead of
two. For instance, in one project, the two Malay words “tanah” and “merah”
were compressed into “tanamera”. It was felt that the name would adequately
capture the design concept for the Yio Chu Kang project. The brainstorming
team members were not aware of the plaintiffs’ Amanusa resort then although
Chan had heard of Amanpuri in Phuket, Thailand. However, he foresaw no
difficulty as that resort was completely different in many aspects from the
Yio Chu Kang project and it never crossed his mind that any sensible person
would object to the use of the name Amanusa on the ground of confusion with
Amanpuri. The choice of name was therefore not influenced in any way by the
plaintiffs’ Aman resorts and hotels.

39 On 8 September 2005, the Street and Building Names Board approved the name
Amanusa unconditionally and stated that no request for a change of name would
be entertained. Chan and his team were aware that the said board would not
approve a proposed name if it was identical with or substantially similar to
the name of an existing development here or elsewhere such that there was a
likelihood of confusion. For instance, the defendant had originally wanted to
name its Bluwaters residential development as Twin Waters but that name was
rejected as there was a resort known as Twin Waters in Australia, something
Chan and his team were not aware of. That earlier unsuccessful application
showed that the said board did checks with names of developments and resorts
in other countries.

40 When Chan was asked by the court whether the team checked the coined word
Amanusa on the Internet, he replied that it did not because it knew that the
proposed name would have to be approved by the Street and Building Names Board
and there would therefore be some form of checking already. The team thought
the name sounded nice and was quite comfortable with it.

41 Huttons took over the marketing of the Yio Chu Kang project from March
2007. Jerry (see [21] above) testified that he and the other sales agents of
Huttons were briefed by their project director on the Yio Chu Kang project.
They were told specifically that the said project was not related to or
associated with the Amanusa in Bali in any way. They were also instructed not
to link the project to the Bali resort. In addition, all purchasers of units
in the said project would have to sign a declaration form acknowledging and
agreeing that their request for an option to purchase and their subsequent
exercise of the same “do not confer upon me/us any right or interest in
respect of the name “Amanusa” and that the name does not and will not
constitute a consideration influencing my/our decision to exercise the option
to purchase”. Jerry understood this to mean that the purchasers would be
informed thereby that the Yio Chu Kang project was not related to the Amanusa
resort in Bali. Jerry did not know the reason behind the “unprecedented step”
although he had heard rumours there was a legal dispute regarding the
project’s name. It did not matter to him as he knew from experience that
Singaporeans did not usually care about the name of housing developments
unless it sounded inauspicious.

42 Jerry complied with the above instructions in all his dealings with
prospective purchasers. On 26 March 2007, when the private investigator, Leong
(see [21] above), and his companion visited the sales office, Jerry did not
volunteer any information about the name Amanusa. His only reference to
“resort living” was when he wanted to illustrate his point that having a home
in the Yio Chu Kang project would resemble resort living. It was only when
Leong talked about the name of the project that Jerry replied that he was
aware of a resort of that name. However, Jerry did not suggest any linkage
between the project and the Amanusa resort. No other prospective purchaser
showed any interest in the name of the project.

43 Another of Huttons’ sales agents, Jason (see [22] above, whose actual name
is Sua Ting Kuang), confirmed the instructions spelt out by Jerry above. When
he met Kelley and her companion at the sales office on 30 March 2007, towards
the end of his sales pitch, the private investigators commented that the Yio
Chu Kang project looked exclusive. Eager to make small talk, Jason replied
that “it was because the project was named after the resort”. As prospective
purchasers were generally not interested in the name of a project, he had not
bothered to do any research about the resort “other than what [he] had heard
from [his] colleagues”. When pressed further about the resort, he therefore
hazarded a guess that it must be an expensive resort in some western country.
At no time did he say that the project was linked to the Amanusa resort, which
he had not heard of then. Like Jerry, Jason was also of the view that
prospective purchasers of property in Singapore were not interested in a
project’s name unless it happened to sound inauspicious. He believed it to be
highly unlikely that anyone would confuse the Yio Chu Kang project with the
Amanusa in Bali.

44 By 30 March 2007, the defendant had modified its hardcover sales brochure.
For instance, on the outer cover, a thatched roof at the top right corner and
a water spout featuring a mythical creature were erased in the later version.
In the write-up inside, the word “Balinese” was omitted from the sentence
“Borrowing from a hybrid of modern and tropical architectural style, Amanusa,
which translates to “peaceful isle”, sets the scene for a true Balinese
experience”.

45 Bharat Dharmadas Kalwani (“Bharat”), brother of Manoj (see [26] above), a
director of the defendant and the group president and chief executive officer
of the Novelty Group, affirmed an affidavit of evidence-in-chief which was
admitted in evidence without the deponent being called as there was no
challenge to his evidence. His evidence addressed the statement by the
plaintiffs’ Gregory Sirois that the defendant had links with the hotel and
resort business because of Bharat’s involvement with a company called Royal
Woods Resort Pte Ltd (“Royal Woods”) whose business activities were listed as
“country and golf clubs” and “real estate activities on a fee or contract
basis”.

46 Bharat stated that there were only three companies within the Novelty Group
which were involved in the hotel or resort business. One of these (Royal Woods
Resort Pte Ltd) bought land in Australia in 1995 for the purpose of building a
residential development. However, before it could build, the property market
there suffered a downturn. It then decided to build and market the development
as a time-share resort. Shortly thereafter, such resorts received bad
publicity in the media and so, around the year 2000, the company started
leasing the units on short-term tenancies as vacation accommodation. The time-
share memberships that were already issued continued alongside the said
tenancies.

47 Bharat was not involved in the daily operations of that company although he
was one of its directors as he had many other companies to take care of. The
control and management of that company and the resort were entirely in the
hands of his sister.

The decision of the court

48 In _CDL Hotels International Ltd v Pontiac Marina Pte Ltd_ [1998] 2 SLR 550
(“the _Millenia_ case”), our Court of Appeal said (at [86]):

In conclusion, it would be helpful to remind ourselves of the essential
elements of the tort of passing off. Lord Oliver in _Reckitt & Colman Products
Ltd v Borden Inc_ (supra) gave the following summary at p 406:

The law of passing off can be summarised in one short general proposition – no
man may pass off his goods as those of another. More specifically, it may be
expressed in terms of the elements which the plaintiff in such an action has
to prove in order to succeed. These are three in number. First, he must
establish a goodwill or reputation attached to the goods or services which he
supplies in the mind of the purchasing public by association with the
identifying ‘get-up’ (whether it consists simply of a brand name or a trade
description, or the individual features of labelling or packaging) under which
his particular goods or services are offered to the public, such that the get-
up is recognised by the public as distinctive specifically of the plaintiff’s
goods or services. Secondly, he must demonstrate a misrepresentation by the
defendant to the public (whether or not intentional) leading or likely to lead
the public to believe that goods or services offered by him are the goods or
services of the plaintiff. Whether the public is aware of the plaintiff’s
identity as the manufacturer or supplier of the goods or services is
immaterial, as long as they are identified with a particular source which is
in fact the plaintiff. For example, if the public is accustomed to rely upon a
particular brand name in purchasing goods of a particular description, it
matters not at all that there is little or no public awareness of the identity
of the proprietor of the brand name. Thirdly, he must demonstrate that he
suffers or, in a _quia timet_ action that he is likely to suffer, damage by
reason of the erroneous belief engendered by the defendant’s misrepresentation
that the source of the defendant’s goods or services is the same as the source
of those offered by the plaintiff.

These pronouncements were made with reference to the business of sale of goods
in that case but they are equally applicable to the business of provision of
services, such as in the instant case. The respondents had successfully showed
that the three elements of passing off were present: goodwill,
misrepresentation and probability of damage. …

49 The plaintiffs’ brand name Amanusa is distinctive because it is a
portmanteau word invented through the clever use of intentional syntax error
coupled with syncopation by dropping one “n”. Incidentally, the _Millenia_
case also concerned a dispute over a word (Millennia) which had one of its
“n”s omitted (to become Millenia), like the word Amanusa here. There is no
such word as Amanusa in the Indonesian language. This was not in dispute. The
brand name Aman, although a descriptive word (meaning “peace” or “peaceful”)
standing by itself, is also a fancy mark when used in relation to hotels and
resorts as it is not merely describing the plaintiffs’ goods and services.
Aman hotel and Aman resort can be and are as distinctive as the Hotel de la
Paix (“paix” being the French word for “peace”) and the Peace Hotel in
Shanghai, China.

50 The plaintiffs’ brand names Aman and Amanusa did have goodwill in Singapore
(before 2006), as evidenced by their nearly two decades of history, their huge
sales revenue worldwide (more than 35% of which is attributable to its
Singapore office) and their substantial promotional and marketing expenditure.
The fact that there is no Aman resort in Singapore is immaterial (see
_Sheraton Corp of America v Sheraton Motels Ltd_ [1964] RPC 202). Although the
plaintiffs did not advertise through the traditional media of newspapers and
television, they have asserted their presence through other means, such as
their promotional materials to travel agents, collaboration with airlines and
credit card companies in targeting high net worth individuals, their
newsletters to customers in Singapore and elsewhere and their more than 20
domain names over the Internet (all of which are hosted here).

51 In luxury markets such as this, an article in a periodical about the Aman
resorts may build their reputation more effectively than paid advertisements
in the usual media. As the trial judge in the _Millenia_ case, Chao Hick Tin J
(as he then was), said (see [1997] 3 SLR 726 at [50]):

Advertising in the press and other media is of course an obvious means and
perhaps the most expeditious means. But if there are reports in the media
extolling the virtues or excellence of a service I fail to understand why that
should be disregarded. I would have thought the important thing is what is the
message that is being conveyed, not whether the owners pay for the media’s
space or time. It is the message that counts. If the press or a periodical
should do a write-up on RCMS arguably, in terms of goodwill, that could even
be better than a paid advertisement. The publication of brochures and material
could also generate goodwill. The launch of the Ritz-Carlton, Millenia
Singapore on 17 October 1994 could just as much help to establish goodwill, at
least among those invited guests, who were people from the industry or people
who had an interest in the project or were influential.

The plaintiffs have adduced in evidence many independent publications, foreign
and local, describing the Aman resorts and the Amanusa with superlatives.
These were not confined to specialist travel magazines or publications
targeted at well-to-do readers. They included periodicals of general interest
and mass appeal such as Female, Time and Her World.

52 In the _Millenia_ case, a hotel which was in the process of construction
succeeded in its claim that it had goodwill in its name. In the instant case,
the first Aman resort has been in operation since 1988, the Amanusa has been
in existence since 1992 and the plaintiffs’ International Reservations Office
has been operating here since 2001. The plaintiffs did allow their Amanusa
trademark registration in Singapore in respect of international classes 3, 16,
25 and 42 to lapse for economic reasons but clearly, there was never any
intention to stop usage of the Aman and Amanusa brand names here.

53 Some 1382 Singaporeans visited the Amanusa resort in Bali between 1995 and
2005. This resort is just one out of three Aman resorts on that island. The
number of visitors to the Amanusa may not be astronomical (especially if, as
the defendant suggested, a number of these are repeat visitors) but that is
largely due to the fact that Aman resorts are not numbers-oriented. For
example, the Amanusa has only 35 villas and the Aman resorts worldwide have
only 626 rooms. In the same way that ultra-luxury cars are not produced nor
purchased in large numbers, the statistics merely reinforced the exclusivity
and uniqueness of the resorts. I am of the view therefore that the plaintiffs
did have goodwill and reputation here in its Aman resorts in 2006, when the
Yio Chu Kang project was marketed to the public, and even earlier. The Aman
and Amanusa names were and are wholly distinctive of the plaintiffs.

54 Where misrepresentation is concerned, _The Law of Passing-Off_ by
Christopher Wadlow, 2004 Ed, has this to say (at paragraphs 1-9, 5-5 and 5-8):

The misrepresentation in passing-off is almost always conveyed by the
defendant adopting for his own goods or business some material such as a name,
mark, get-up or other sign which is deceptively similar to material
distinctive of the claimant. The misrepresentation is deemed to be made as
soon as such goods are released into circulation, even if the immediate
recipients are traders who are not themselves deceived.

…

The misrepresentation need not relate to goods, but may be to the effect that
the businesses of the claimant and the defendant are the same, or have merged,
or that one is a branch, agency, subsidiary of the other; or, more generally,
that the defendant has any connection with the claimant that is likely to
cause damage …

…

Most importantly, the misrepresentation in passing-off need not be made
fraudulently or with any intention to deceive: “calculated” in Lord Diplock’s
speech in _Advocaat_ means _likely_ rather than _intended_. The only
continuing importance of fraud is for its evidential value.

55 Our Court of Appeal in the _Millenia_ case said (at [72]) that in an action
where one party is seeking to prevent an apprehended misrepresentation by
another, the test is whether there is a real risk that the defendant’s
representation would deceive a substantial number of persons of the relevant
section of the public into believing either that the goods or services of the
defendant are those of the plaintiff or that there is a business connection
between the plaintiff and the defendant in relation to the goods or services
provided by them. The Court of Appeal went on to state (at [73]):

Whether there is a ‘substantial number of persons among the relevant section
of the public’ depends on the particular circumstances of each case. A
‘substantial number’ does not necessarily mean a large proportion of the
public. In _Neutrogena Corpn v Golden Ltd_ [1996] RPC 473, the successful
plaintiffs did not have a huge percentage of the market. Its product, namely,
shampoo, only had 0.25% of the market, but it was held that a substantial
number of members of the public would be misled into thinking that the
defendants’ products were those of the plaintiffs.

56 The _Millenia_ case was concerned about the similarity between the words
‘Millenia’ and ‘Millennium’, each of which appeared with some other words to
identify a particular hotel. In the present case, we are dealing with two
developments bearing exactly the same name – nothing more, nothing less than
Amanusa. It matters not that different fonts or colours are used by the
parties in setting out the name. Amanusa, in whatever font or hue, will still
be pronounced the same way and any name search on the Internet will present
both the Bali resort and the Yio Chu Kang project in the results. The
plaintiffs’ burden is therefore lightened to the extent that they do not have
to demonstrate the visual or aural similarities between their name and that
used by the defendant.

57 The relevant section of the public in the present case would encompass
Singapore citizens or residents who have visited the Aman resorts once or more
times or are prospective visitors to the resorts, foreign individuals and
corporations here intending to visit the resorts or seeking to invest in high-
end properties (and there is a substantial number of foreign entities here)
and developers and hoteliers interested in becoming licensees of the Aman
brand names. Conceivably, there would also be a portion of the more than
300,000 Singapore visitors to Bali since 1995 who have read about or heard of
the three Aman resorts there. As stated earlier, when dealing with luxury
goods and services catering to those who think nothing of spending USD700 or
more per night, it should not be surprising that the number of people
patronising Aman resorts or who are familiar with their goods and services is
a relatively small one. That does not detract from the reality that those
goods and services are well known to those for whom they are designed.

58 Although the risk of confusion will increase if the parties are in mutual
competition, it is settled law that they need not be in common fields of
enterprise (see The _Millenia_ case at [63]). It must be borne in mind that
today’s businesses tend not only to expand geographically, there is also a
perceptible trend that brand names do not confine themselves to the original
products or services which made them famous, even though such products or
services may remain their core competence, but may diversify into other areas,
whether related or not. For instance, Dunhill has long ceased to be only a
famous brand of tobacco. The parameters of different industries are also being
constantly redrawn by convergence and re-definition. Convergence of erstwhile
disparate areas in electronics is already an established fact.

59 Similarly, the dividing line between purely residential developments and
luxury hotel/resort developments is no longer pronounced. The law should
recognise such changing business practices and conditions. Here, the
defendant’s Yio Chu Kang project bears the same coined name as the plaintiffs’
Bali resort. That nexus in itself is bad enough. Further, the Yio Chu Kang
project is also being billed as having the atmosphere of a Bali resort and has
features of Balinese architectural style. There is a significant body of
persons in Singapore who have heard of the Aman resorts, particularly Amanusa
in this case. The use of an identical name for the Yio Chu Kang project would
give them the impression that it is somehow related or connected to the
plaintiffs, perhaps by way of licence to use the name or that the development
has the plaintiffs’ endorsement and will in future be managed by them. It may
even convey the wrong impression that the plaintiffs are involved as
developers. The precise nature of such relationship or connection is not
material and the degree of connection would depend on the particular facts of
each case. The husband of one of the defendant’s witnesses (a purchaser of a
unit in the Yio Chu Kang project) certainly drew such a connection when he
asked the marketing agent whether the Yio Chu Kang project had anything to do
with the Amanusa resort in Bali. Another of the defendant’s purchasers
acknowledged that, if he had heard about the Aman resorts, he would have to
check whether the Yio Chu Kang project was related to them.

60 It is no answer to an allegation of misrepresentation in such a case to say
that one could easily check the facts with the defendant or its agents or
through its sales brochures (which would indicate the name of the developers
for the project) or otherwise check with the plaintiffs or other independent
sources. The defendant should also not be allowed to say that the relevant
section of the public in this case would tend to be more intelligent and would
verify matters which they are not certain about. The fact that such checking
or verification is required is itself evidence of confusion. Even if the
defendant were to publish a disclaimer of any connection to the Aman resorts,
that would not help dispel future confusion because the Amanusa name will
remain in documents relating to addresses and will, in all probability, be
displayed at the main gate of the Yio Chu Kang project. On this point, it
should also be noted that it is not necessary to show any confusion occasioned
by the misrepresentation although confusion is of great evidential value in
determining whether or not there has been misrepresentation (see The
_Millenia_ case at [71]).

61 I therefore accepted that there was misrepresentation in the circumstances.
What I did not accept was the allegation that such misrepresentation was
fraudulent on the part of the defendant in that it had a “fraudulent intent to
deceive” (see the pleadings set out at [23] above). There is no monopoly in a
particular country’s style of architecture or theme (for instance, Balinese
style or Japanese Garden). The defendant or its agents did not deliberately
and deceptively portray the Yio Chu Kang project as being connected to the
Amanusa resort. There may have been passing remarks that there is a resort by
that name in Bali or elsewhere but that is still far from fraudulently
claiming or implying a connection between the two. There may also have been
some plagiarism in that some nice-sounding, laudatory phrases used in
literature to describe the Amanusa resort were used in the defendant’s sales
brochure to describe the Yio Chu Kang project but, again, that falls short of
fraud.

62 However, I did not accept the defendant’s evidence as to how the Yio Chu
Kang project’s name was given birth to by the creative invention of inversion
of two words. It would be much too coincidental that the defendant chanced on
the same two foreign words and decided to fuse them in exactly the same way as
the plaintiffs did some 15 years earlier in respect of a resort which also had
a Balinese theme. This is reinforced by the defendant’s initial claims in the
correspondence that the name meant “peaceful motherland” when its actual
meaning was already in the sales brochure. In this Internet age, it is also
hard to believe that no search whatsoever was made to see if the invented word
actually existed in some language and, if so, whether it could possibly mean
something quite unintended or even untoward. This is especially so when the
defendant acknowledged that it was aware that the Street and Building Names
Board would not permit a name to be used if it was similar to a development
here or elsewhere. The members of the brainstorming team would surely want to
do some research so that their proposed name would not be rejected outright on
this ground, thereby causing a delay in the launch of the Yio Chu Kang project
for want of a name. The reluctance to acknowledge that a search was conducted
on the Internet was most definitely because any such search would have shown
the name was that of the plaintiffs’ resort in Bali. I believe that the
defendant’s architect was inspired by the Amanusa resort which he must have
read about or seen pictures of in the course of his work or research and that
he tried to replicate the ambience of a Balinese resort and, at the same time,
pay the sincerest form of compliment by copying the famous name.

63 The plaintiffs do not have to prove actual damage to succeed in this
action. A probability of damage suffices but the actual or probable damage
must be to their goodwill in respect of their trade or business (_Nation
Fittings (M) Sdn Bhd v Oystertec Plc and anor_ [2006] 1 SLR 712). The
plaintiffs claimed the following heads of damage:

(a) loss of licensing opportunity or income (see _Lego System Aktieselskab v
Lego M Lemelstrich_ [1983] FSR 155);

(b) inferiority of the defendant’s goods and services (see _Rolls-Royce Motors
Ltd v Zanelli_ [1979] RPC 148);

(c) likelihood of damage should the defendant get into financial, legal or
other trouble (see _British Legion v British Legion Club (Street) Ltd_ (1931)
48 RPC 555);

(d) misappropriation of the plaintiffs’ goodwill and reputation (see _Lloyd’s
v Lloyd’s (Southampton) Ltd_ (1912) 29 RPC 433);

(e) restriction on the plaintiffs’ natural expansion into residential real
estate (see _Eastman Photographic Materials Co Ltd v Griffiths (John) Cycle
Corp Ltd_ (1898) 15 RPC 105);

(f) loss of exclusivity and erosion of distinctiveness (see _Taylor Bros v
Taylor Group_ [1988] 2 NZLR 1);

(g) dilution of the brand name (see the _Millenia_ case).

64 The evidence shows that none of the purchasers of units in the Yio Chu Kang
project did so on the misunderstanding that it was related to the Aman group
or to Amanusa resort. Actual damage was therefore not shown. It is also
unlikely that future purchasers (by sub-sale or re-sale) would buy on the
basis of such misunderstanding. This is because purchasing real estate is not
quite the same as buying a shirt or a handbag. The former would invariably
involve some preliminary work or research and further discussions or even
viewing before a deal is finalised. Any misunderstanding would be dispelled by
such activities (although, as stated at [60] above, this is no answer to an
allegation of misrepresentation).

65 For a case like the present, the most potent form of likely damage is the
intangible loss that may be occasioned by the insidious process of dilution
such that the famous name loses its uniqueness or, worse, such that the name
which inspired hushed awe could in future evoke suppressed laughter because of
the association with projects that do not quite exude the same luxury and
class or quality of upkeep, especially when residential projects have begun to
show their age. As experience shows, this is particularly true for
developments which contain shared common property. I find the following
comments of our Court of Appeal in the _Millenia_ case (at [84]) to be highly
appropriate for this case, bearing in mind of course that the parties in that
case were both in the hotel industry:

The concern here is the public’s perception that RCMS, Millenia Tower and
Millenia Walk are associated with or related to the Millennium hotels of the
appellants and such association would be likely to result in a dilution of the
respondents’ goodwill in their business. The respondents have acquired
goodwill in their business at the Millenia complex which is inextricably
associated with the use of the name ‘Millenia’. In so far as the hotel
industry is concerned, RCMS symbolises world class quality and prestige with
top-of-the-range services and amenities. The appellants’ hotels in Singapore
are of a lower class and quality and are more economically priced. Hotel
guests pay a premium to stay at RCMS. It would be commercially damaging for a
business of a super deluxe ‘five-star’ hotel, as RCMS is, to be associated
with that of a ‘four-star’ hotel, which the appellants’ hotels admittedly are.

Visitors to Aman resorts, like the guests at RCMS (The Ritz-Carlton, Millenia
Singapore), pay a premium to stay at the resorts. On the other hand, as
emphasized by the defendant and its counsel, the Yio Chu Kang project’s target
buyers were people looking for reasonably-priced landed property (the listed
prices for most of the units ranged from $1.3m to $1.45m, with the most
expensive unit priced at $1.8m). Although the defendant did assert that its
projects were well known for their high quality finishes and imported
fixtures, I doubt the Yio Chu Kang project would be capable of replicating the
ambience and spaciousness of the plaintiffs’ resorts. I quote the words of one
of the visitors to the defendant’s sales office, who responded to the
defendant’s questionnaire asking whether the word Amanusa meant anything to
him by answering, “means spa; alone; serene – but the development is _totally
opposite_ to its meaning. Very crowded” (emphasis in original)(see page 302 of
Manoj’s affidavit of evidence-in-chief).

66 I also accepted that the plaintiffs would be deprived of licensing revenue
if developers were permitted to appropriate the Aman names for their
residential projects. As shown in evidence, the defendant has named its other
projects using names with a common theme, for example, the Taipan series and
the “metal” series. The plaintiffs were rightfully wary that the defendant, if
not stopped in its tracks now, would start an Aman series, using the names of
its various resorts. The plaintiffs would also be prejudiced in any future
commercial plans to expand into residential developments here, whether alone
or in partnership with others, if they did not seek to protect their Aman
names now.

67 The second aspect of the plaintiffs’ claim is that their trade marks are
well known marks within the meaning of s 55 of the Trade Marks Act, the
relevant portions of which provide:

(1) A well known trade mark shall be entitled to protection under this section
–

(a) whether or not the trade mark has been registered in Singapore, or an
application for the registration of the trade mark has been made to the
Registrar; and

(b) whether or not the proprietor of the trade mark carries on business, or
has any goodwill, in Singapore.

…

(3) Subject to subsections (6) and (7), the proprietor of a well known trade
mark shall be entitled to restrain by injunction the use in Singapore, in the
course of trade and without the proprietor’s consent, of any trade mark which,
or an essential part of which, is identical with or similar to the
proprietor’s trade mark, in relation to any goods or services, where the use
of the trade mark -

(a) would indicate a connection between those goods or services and the
proprietor, and is likely to damage the interests of the proprietor; or

(b) if the proprietor’s trade mark is well known to the public at large in
Singapore –

(i) would cause dilution in an unfair manner of the distinctive character of
the proprietor’s trade mark; or

(ii) would take unfair advantage of the distinctive character of the
proprietor’s trade mark.

…

(11) For the purposes of this section and sections 55A, 56, 57 and 59, “use”,
in relation to a trade mark, means use within the meaning of section 27(4).

The plaintiffs are relying on only s 55(3)(a) for their case.

68 Section 2(1) of the Trade Marks Act defines “well known trade mark” as:

(a) any registered trade mark that is well known in Singapore; or

(b) any unregistered trade mark that is well known in Singapore and that
belongs to a person who –

(i) is a national of a Convention country; or

(ii) is domiciled in, or has a real and effective industrial or commercial
establishment in, a Convention country,

whether or not that person carries on business, or has any goodwill, in
Singapore.

69 Section 2(7), (8) and (9), which are also concerned with well known trade
marks, provide:

(7) Subject to subsection (8), in deciding, for the purposes of this Act,
whether a trade mark is well known in Singapore, it shall be relevant to take
into account any matter from which it may be inferred that the trade mark is
well known, including such of the following matters as may be relevant:

(_a_) the degree to which the trade mark is known to or recognised by any
relevant sector of the public in Singapore;

(_b_) the duration, extent and geographical area of –

(i) any use of the trade mark; or

(ii) any promotion of the trade mark, including any advertising of, any
publicity given to, or any presentation at any fair or exhibition of, the
goods or services to which the trade mark is applied;

(_c_) any registration or application for the registration of the trade mark
in any country or territory in which the trade mark is used or recognised, and
the duration of such registration or application;

(_d_) any successful enforcement of any right in the trade mark in any country
or territory, and the extent to which the trade mark was recognised as well
known by the competent authorities of that country or territory;

(_e_) any value associated with the trade mark.

(8) Where it is determined that a trade mark is well known to any relevant
sector of the public in Singapore, the trade mark shall be deemed to be well
known in Singapore.

(9) In subsections (7) and (8), “relevant sector of the public in Singapore”
includes any of the following:

(_a_) all actual consumers and potential consumers in Singapore of the goods
or services to which the trade mark is applied;

(_b_) all persons in Singapore involved in the distribution of the goods or
services to which the trade mark is applied;

(_c_) all businesses and companies in Singapore dealing in the goods or
services to which the trade mark is applied.

The factors set out in s 2(7) are guidelines and not pre-conditions for
determining whether a mark in question is a well known trade mark. They do not
preclude the consideration of other matters not listed therein which may be
found to be relevant in a particular case, whether by themselves or in
combination with the listed factors.

70 The defendant submitted that the “relevant sector of the public in
Singapore” must refer to the actual and/or potential consumers of the
defendant’s goods and not the plaintiffs’. If it were otherwise, it argued, it
would be very easy for a mark to be well known because it would obviously be
recognised by those who use, distribute or deal with those goods.
Alternatively, the defendant contended that the relevant sector ought to be
the “buying public who are actual and potential consumers of hotel and resort
services, not the plaintiffs’ actual and potential customers”. However, a
careful reading shows that “ _the_ trade mark” in s 2(7), (8) and (9) all
relate to _a_ trade mark which is alleged to be well known and that the goods
or services in s 2(9)(a) to (c) are all qualified by “to which _the_ trade
mark is applied”. The phrase must therefore refer to the plaintiffs’ goods or
services, since the trade mark in question would be the plaintiffs’ and would
be applied to the plaintiffs’ goods or services and not those of the
defendant. The categories in s 2(9) are also not exhaustive as seen in the use
of the word “includes”. Section 2(7)(a) requires the _degree_ of recognition
by the said relevant sector to be considered as well.

71 As indicated earlier, the Aman brand name in respect of high-end hotel and
resort services was well known in Singapore to its actual and potential
customers as well as the people in the travel and leisure industry before
2006, when the defendant started marketing the Yio Chu Kang project. The
plaintiffs have used the name Aman and its trade marks containing the prefix
Aman for their resorts and services. They have also used such names at
promotional events, for donations to charitable functions and on brochures.
The Aman resorts have a wide geographical reach. They are spread over 12
countries, including South-East Asian ones like Indonesia, Thailand and the
Philippines. Further, the plaintiffs are involved in new accommodation in many
countries. Their resorts have been lauded as the best resort chain by
periodicals here and elsewhere.

72 The plaintiffs also have trade mark registration for their names in various
classes of the International Classification of Goods and Services and, until a
few years ago, were proprietors of the Amanusa trade mark in Singapore.
Administrative panels of the World Intellectual Property Organization, in 2
decisions pertaining to domain name disputes, have acknowledged that the
plaintiffs were well known as Amanresorts and that the Aman group was well
known in the premium end of the hotel and resort market. All relevant factors
point to the fact that the Aman names are well known in Singapore. The
relevant sector of the public here would clearly have a high degree of
recognition of the exclusive Aman names too and, by virtue of s 2(8) of the
Trade Marks Act, they are deemed to be well known in Singapore.

73 In s 2(1) of the Trade Marks Act, “trade mark” means any sign capable of
being represented graphically and which is capable of distinguishing goods or
services dealt with or provided in the course of trade by a person from goods
or services so dealt with or provided by any other person and “sign” includes
any word, name or brand. Names of buildings may be registered as trade marks
under class 6 (“buildings of metal”) and class 19 (“buildings, not of metal”)
of the International Classification of Goods and Services. The defendant has
“used” the sign Amanusa within the meaning of s 27(4) by applying it to its
“goods” (the Yio Chu Kang project) and offering the development for sale under
that name. There is also no dispute that the defendant has “used” Amanusa in
advertising (in the media, in its sales brochure and in directional signs to
its sales office). Such use was in the course of trade (i.e. for commercial
purposes) and without the plaintiffs’ consent.

74 In my view, the tests to be adopted for “connection” and “is likely to
damage the interests of the proprietor” in s 55(3)(a) of the Trade Marks Act
are no different from those enunciated in case law on passing-off. I have
already indicated my findings in respect of the “connection” (see [59] and
[60] above) and the likely damage to the plaintiffs’ interests (see [63] to
[66] above). They are equally applicable to the claim under s 55(3)(a). In
_The TRIPS Agreement: Drafting History and Analysis_ by Daniel Gervais, 2nd Ed
(2003)(at paragraph 2.171), it is said that the test “likely to damage” (in s
55(3)(a)) should be given a liberal interpretation since a simple likelihood
of damage suffices and that such likelihood should be established objectively
and supported by evidence. In the _Joint Recommendation Concerning Provisions
on the Protection of Well-Known Marks_ , adopted by the Assembly of the Paris
Union for the Protection of Industrial Property and the General Assembly of
the World Intellectual Property Organization, published in 2000, the Notes on
Article 4 (which is about Conflicting Marks) state:

4.2 _Paragraph (1)(b)_ is applicable irrespective of the nature of the goods
and/or services to which the conflicting mark applies. …

4.3 _Item (i)_. Under this item, a connection between a well-known mark and a
third party’s goods or services may be indicated, for example, if the
impression is created that the owner of the well-known mark is involved in the
production of those goods, or the offering of those services, or that such
production or offering was licensed or sponsored by him. The interests of the
owner of the well-known mark could be damaged if the goods and/or services
with which the connection is established have a down-market image, thereby
reflecting negatively on the goodwill of the well-known mark.

The said paragraph (1)(b) and item (i) refer to a rough equivalent of our s
55(3)(a) containing the phrase, “and would be likely to damage his interests”.
I believe the findings discussed earlier are consonant with the approach
advocated in respect of s 55(3)(a) in these quotations.

75 In the light of all the above, I held that the plaintiffs succeeded in
their claims in passing-off (but not in respect of their allegation as to
fraudulent misrepresentation) and under s 55(3)(a) of the Trade Marks Act. I
granted a declaration that the plaintiffs’ trade marks are well known trade
marks in Singapore and granted an injunction to restrain the defendant and
anyone acting on its behalf from using the plaintiffs’ trade marks, in
particular, Amanusa, in relation to any form of accommodation. The injunction
is confined to the plaintiffs’ trade marks and does not extend, as claimed by
the plaintiffs, to all words which include the prefix Aman because each case
should be dealt with on its facts. The defendant highlighted in the course of
trial that a condominium called Amaninda already exists here without protest
from the plaintiffs.

76 I also ordered the defendant to stop distributing any material which
describes the Yio Chu Kang project as Amanusa. However, I did not think it was
necessary to order the delivery-up of such material for destruction unlike the
case of counterfeit goods which should never have come into existence in the
first place. The offending act was in using the name and once that has
stopped, the likelihood of damage ceases.

77 There was no immediate damage suffered by the plaintiffs. The damage is
only prospective and that likelihood should no longer exist with the orders
that I have made. There was therefore no need to order an inquiry as to
damages or an account of profits.

78 The defendant was further ordered to apply to the Street and Building Names
Board for a change of name for the Yio Chu Kang project and to inform the said
board about my orders within 4 weeks from the date of pronouncement. Although
the board had indicated in its letter to the defendant that no change of name
would be entertained (after approval was given for the name of the project),
that could not mean that the board will not give regard to an order of court.
Similarly, approval by the board of any building name could not by itself
confer immunity against infringement of intellectual property.

79 As the plaintiffs succeeded on most counts, I thought it appropriate to
order the defendant to pay 90% of the costs of this action, the 10% deduction
being in respect of the issues on which the plaintiffs failed (particularly
the fraudulent misrepresentation). In the course of arguments on costs, I
declined to order a certificate for two counsel pursuant to O 59 r 19 of the
Rules of Court, the amendments made to that rule with effect from 1 January
2007 apparently having slipped everyone’s mind then. I have since clarified
with the parties by way of correspondence that my decision was that I would
not order a certificate for _more than_ two counsel for the plaintiffs.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 27 Nov 2007 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

