Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Metalform Asia Pte Ltd v Holland Leedon Pte Ltd  
[2007] SGCA 6

Case Number | : | CA 48/2006  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 13 February 2007  
Tribunal/Court | : | Court of Appeal  
Coram | : |  Andrew Ang J; Chan Sek Keong CJ; Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Chelva Retnam Rajah SC, Moiz Haider Sithawalla and Lavinia Rajah (Tan Rajah & Cheah) for the appellant; Davinder Singh SC, Adrian Tan, Valerie Tan, Angie Han and Vanita Jegathesan (Drew & Napier LLC) for the respondent   
Parties | : |  Metalform Asia Pte Ltd — Holland Leedon Pte Ltd   
  
Companies – Winding up – Creditor of undisputed debt presenting winding-up
petition against debtor company – Debtor company applying to court for
injunction to restrain filing of winding-up petition – Whether debtor having
bona fide cross-claim on substantial grounds which exceeding undisputed debt –
Whether creditors having collateral purpose in presenting winding-up petition
– Whether presentation of petition would cause irreparable harm to debtor
company's ongoing business – Whether court should grant injunction restraining
filing of winding-up petition  
  

13 February 2007 |  Judgment reserved _._  
---|---  
  
Chan Sek Keong CJ (delivering the judgment of the court):

**Introduction**

1 This appeal raises an important issue of practice as to when the court may
restrain a creditor of an undisputed debt from presenting a winding-up
petition against the debtor company.

2 The appellant, Metalform Asia Pte Ltd (“MA”), owes the respondent, Holland
Leedon Pte Ltd (“HL”) two sums of US$16,877,641.93 and S$112,677.17
(collectively, about S$25m and hereinafter collectively referred to as “the
undisputed debt”) for steel supplied by HL to MA between July 2004 and June
2005.

3 On 11 November 2005, HL served a statutory demand on MA under s 254(2)(_a_)
of the Companies Act (Cap 50, 1994 Rev Ed) (“the Act”) requiring payment of
the undisputed debt by 3 December 2005.

4  On 2 December 2005, MA applied to court for an injunction to restrain HL
from presenting a winding-up petition until MA’s claim for about S$34m in
damages against HL arising under a sale and purchase agreement dated 13 June
2004 (“the SPA”) had been determined. MA’s claim is based on HL’s alleged
breach of certain warranties under the SPA. On being served with the
application, HL gave an undertaking not to present a winding-up petition
pending the determination of the application.

**Background**

5 Prior to 2004, HL, then known as Metalform Pte Ltd, was carrying on the
business, _inter alia_ , of manufacturing metal covers for disk drives. HL was
at all material times controlled by Anthony Ser and George Ser (collectively
“the Sers”). Together they own 67% of the shares in HL. The other shareholders
are related to the Sers. HL sold its business and assets to MA at the price of
about US$267m (or S$470m) on the terms and conditions set out in the SPA. The
price was determined largely on the basis of HL’s earnings before interest,
tax, depreciation and amortisation (“EBITDA”), multiplied by a factor of
seven, _ie_ , EBITDA x 7.

6 MA is wholly-owned by Metalform International Ltd (“MI”), a company
incorporated in Mauritius. MI is in turn a wholly-owned subsidiary of MPL(I)
Ltd (“MPLI”), also a Mauritian company. MPLI is owned 51% by JPMP MPL Holdings
Ltd (“JPMP MPL”, which itself is owned by various funds managed by JP Morgan
Partners) and 49% by Leedon Ltd (“Leedon”, which is owned by the Sers). Both
JPMP MPL and Leedon are also Mauritian companies. The corporate structure of
the group was so designed to maximise tax efficiency. Through the group
shareholding structure, the ultimate shareholders of MA are JPMP MPL (51%) and
Leedon (49%). MA was at all material times the principal operating company in
the group.

7 The purchase of HL’s business and assets by MA was a leveraged buyout
(“LBO”). The purchase price and the related transactional costs were raised in
the following manner:

(a) US$152m by way of a loan from MI;

(b) US$6m by way of a cash injection from MI; and

(c) US$110m by way of a banking facility under a facilities agreement dated 28
June 2004 with DBS Bank Ltd.

8 The sums from MI referred to in [7](a) and [7](b) above came from a cash
injection by MPLI into MI. The sources of MPLI’s funds were JPMP MPL (around
US$80m) and Leedon (around US$77m). It is apparent that the Sers sold HL’s
business and assets for US$267m and reinvested US$77m of the proceeds of sale
in MPLI as a partner of JPMP MPL.

9  Apart from the SPA, there were several other agreements entered into
between the parties, including a shareholders’ agreement and service
agreements, under which Anthony Ser and George Ser were appointed,
respectively, the chairman of the board of directors and chief technical
officer of MA. The appointments were terminated by mutual agreement on 3 May
2005, but the Sers remained directors of MA to this date. Under these
agreements, the Sers, _inter alia_ , covenanted not to set up a competing
business within a specified period after the LBO. The agreements also gave
JPMP MPL preferential rights in the event of the liquidation of MPLI.

**How the undisputed debt arose**

10 The bulk of the undisputed debt was incurred through the purchase of raw
materials in the form of steel before and after the completion of the LBO in
July 2004. According to Anurag Mathur (“AM”), a director of MA, HL agreed to
sell steel to MA at a discount in order to offset the extra US$7m–US$8m that
MA had allegedly overpaid for HL’s business under the SPA. This sum arose
because the purchase price payable by MA was determined by HL’s EBITDA x 7 for
the financial year ending 30 June 2004 and HL recorded higher than normal
revenues and earnings in that financial year by arranging for one of its
customers to pull greater than normal levels of product shipments in the last
week of June 2004. HL’s response to this allegation was that such practice was
normal in the industry.

11 Thus, by a letter dated 27 July 2004, HL agreed to sell an initial stock of
5,000mt of steel at a discounted price of US$6.5m to MA, with a discount of
almost US$6.5m, which according to AM, was close to the adjustment that had to
be made for the excess price paid by MA under the SPA. AM claimed that the
parties had also agreed that this stock of 5,000mt of steel would form part of
the assets sold by HL to MA under the SPA.

12 HL agreed to sell further stocks of steel to MA at either the prevailing
market price or at its historical cost (whichever was lower). The sales were
at a discounted price lower than the prevailing market rate as the steel,
having been purchased by HL according to certain specifications, could not be
sold in the open market but only to MA’s competitors.

13  Although cl 5.7 of the SPA provided that the steel supplied by HL would be
paid within 30 days of delivery, AM alleged that there was a clear
understanding between MA and the Sers that MA would not have to pay HL for the
purchases until its working capital position improved to a level when
inventories on hand had been brought down and when the time taken to collect
trade receivables from customers had been reduced. This was the reason why HL
did not demand payment until May 2005, some ten months after the first
delivery was made.

**Attempts to settle the undisputed debt**

14 Some months before HL served its statutory demand on 11 November 2005, MA
had in March 2005 considered various ways to pay the undisputed debt. MA’s
projected cash flow then would not have been sufficient to pay the undisputed
debt unless MA carried out two financial transactions, _viz_ , the sale and
leaseback transaction of MA’s leasehold properties in order to reduce its bank
debt by about US$28m–US$30m to US$81m–US$82m and the refinancing of the
existing loan (collectively, “the refinancing proposals”). MA had during this
period negotiated successfully with its bankers to refinance its loan upon the
completion of the sale and leaseback transactions.

15 Sometime in May 2005, MA proposed to repay HL the undisputed debt by
instalments up to January 2006. HL rejected this proposal on 11 May 2005 and
demanded full payment by 31 May 2005. MA replied the next day with a specific
proposal to pay the debt of US$17,412,601.21 in six instalments, beginning
from July 2005 to December 2005, contingent upon the completion of the
refinancing proposals.

16 MI approved the refinancing proposals at a board meeting held on 12 May
2005. However, on 21 June 2005, Anthony Ser wrote to MI to deny that any such
resolution had been approved as he had not been asked to vote on it. By a
separate letter sent on the same day, HL also rejected MA’s offer to pay the
undisputed debt in six instalments, and counter-proposed that it be paid in
four equal instalments of US$4.25m each, and in default of any instalment, the
whole of the balance would become payable immediately.

17 On 23 June 2005, JPMP MPL wrote to Leedon to explain the benefits of the
refinancing proposals to the business of the Metalform group of companies, and
their relevance to MA’s proposal to pay the undisputed debt, _viz_ , there
would be a greater cushion in the financial covenants, lower interest rates,
reduced debt amortisation pressure, higher capital expenditure allowances, and
bigger working capital. In response to HL’s proposal that the debt be paid in
four instalments, JPMP MPL also explained that unless the refinancing
proposals were effected, MA’s cash flow projections would not even allow MA to
pay the undisputed debt in the next six months, much less in the four months
that HL had wanted.

18 On the same day, MA also wrote to HL proposing to repay the undisputed debt
in six instalments as follows: (a) a first payment of US$2m on or before 1
July 2005; and (b) followed by five monthly payments of US$3.1m each at the
end of each calendar month starting from 31 July 2005, up to and including
November 2005 (and for the avoidance of doubt the monthly payment on 31
November 2005 would be US$3,114,663.13). MA reiterated that its proposal was
contingent on the refinancing proposals being effected. As a gesture of good
faith, MA paid US$2m to HL on 24 June 2005.

19 In a written reply on 28 June 2005, HL rejected MA’s offer and demanded
payment of the undisputed debt within seven days, failing which it would refer
the matter to its solicitors. In the same letter, HL disputed the amount given
by MA and stated that it would be taking steps to verify the amount, including
certain deductions made by MA for sums which had allegedly been erroneously
paid by two customers, _viz_ , Seagate and Maxtor, to HL instead of MA.

20 On 5 July 2005, MA replied to HL’s letter seeking an opportunity to meet to
explain MA’s current financial situation and the obstacles MA faced in
effecting payment of the undisputed debt. As a further demonstration of its
commitment to honour the repayment of the undisputed debt, MA also wished to
discuss with HL the possibility of a parent company guarantee extended by a
fund directly advised and managed by JP Morgan Partners Asia LDC. An MA
directors’ meeting was scheduled for 7 July 2005 to discuss MA’s proposed
repayment schedule for the undisputed debt and also the refinancing proposals.

21 On 6 July 2005, Anthony Ser wrote to MA saying that he would be unable to
attend the meeting as he was away from Singapore. However, the other directors
proceeded with the meeting on 7 July 2005, but could not make any decision in
the light of Anthony Ser’s objections to the proposed transactions. On 8 July
2005, MI also held a directors’ meeting at which MA directors were also
present. MI also postponed its decision on the proposed transactions.

22 On 13 July 2005, at a meeting of MI’s directors, MA provided a detailed
response to the issues raised by Anthony Ser in his letter of 6 July 2005,
_viz_ , the necessity of refinancing the bank loan, the extent of the problems
faced by MA and whether there were any other alternatives or solutions to MA’s
financial problems, and the need for a careful evaluation of the proposed sale
and leaseback transactions and the alternatives, if any. MA explained that the
refinancing proposals were necessary to ensure that MA would not breach one of
its financial covenants (the ratio of senior debt to EBITDA) for the quarter
ending 30 June 2005 on account of the financial under-performance and lower
than expected EBITDA for FY2005. According to MA’s calculations, MI’s
shareholders would have to inject curative equity of up to US$23.4m to cure
the projected breaches in the senior debt:EBITDA ratio for the next three
quarters if the current bank loan was not refinanced. In addition, refinancing
would provide other benefits such as a greater cushion in the financial
covenants, reduced interest rates, a reduction in the repayment pressure on
MA, allow for an expansion in the working capital facility to MA and an
increase in the annual capital expenditure limit.

23 On the sale and leaseback proposal, MA explained that it was integral to
the refinancing of the bank loan as DBS Bank Ltd was only willing to lend up
to US$79m to refinance MA’s existing loan of US$97m, leaving a deficit of
US$18m. It was also explained that two alternatives were available to MA to
bridge this deficit: (a) MA’s shareholders could inject an additional US$18m
in fresh equity; or (b) MA could enter into a sale and leaseback transaction
of its Singapore properties. Although the annual rental of the properties was
US$1.4m for a 12-year leaseback period, MA was of the view that the
transaction would still be in the best interests of MA and its shareholders as
the current interest rate on the term loan of 6.3% per annum meant that MA
would have to pay approximately US$6.1m annually in interest.

24 On 22 July 2005, MA received a letter from HL’s solicitors demanding
payment of US$18,614,288.90 within seven days. On 29 July 2005, MA replied,
disputing the amount demanded by HL, and stating that the undisputed debt was
then US$15,514,663.13.

25 An MA directors’ meeting fixed for 29 July 2005 could not be convened due
to a lack of a quorum in the absence of the Sers. At the adjourned meeting
held on 8 August 2005, Anthony Ser informed the other directors that he needed
to appoint a financial advisor to assist Leedon in deciding whether or not to
support the refinancing proposals.

26 In the light of the Sers’ continued refusal to agree to the refinancing
proposals, MA began to consider alternative ways to restructure its finances.
JP Morgan Partners proposed a rights issue offer (“Rights Issue”) at the MPLI
level to its existing shareholders, _ie_ , JPMP MPL and Leedon were to raise
curative equity of US$18m (which amount would have been raised under the
refinancing proposals) in the form of ordinary and preference shares, and JPMP
MPL and Leedon were expected to subscribe for both types of shares in
proportion to their shareholdings in MPLI. JPMP MPL subscribed for both types
of shares (valued at about US$9m), but Leedon subscribed for only the ordinary
shares (at the total price of US$87,326.73).

27 Because of Leedon’s partial subscription, JPMP MPL refused to take up the
preference shares on the ground that Leedon’s partial subscription was invalid
in that a shareholder was not permitted to take up just one class of shares
without the other, and that Leedon’s action totally frustrated the sole
purpose of the Rights Issue to raise curative equity of US$18m to avoid
breaching MPLI’s financial covenants under its term loan. In these
proceedings, Anthony Ser has alleged, in his affidavit filed on 13 January
2006, that JPMP MPL’s refusal to pay for the preference shares demonstrated
its lack of confidence in MA’s future performance. This allegation was
unfounded because in spite of the failure of the Sers to take up their shares
in full, JPMP MPL had taken steps to raise from CITIC-Ka Wah Bank a US$18m
loan for MPLI, to be “fed” down to MA. This loan was secured by a guarantee
extended by the investment funds controlling JPMP MPL. It would appear that
the Sers have been given a free ride on this loan.

28 In the meantime, MA received an email on 15 August 2005 from the Sers
alleging that the management presentation of MA’s accounts for the financial
year 2005 was inaccurate and that they would be appointing auditors to examine
MA’s financial records. The Sers also confirmed that they would not agree with
the refinancing proposals or the Rights Issue until their auditors, Deloitte &
Touche (“D&T”), had completed their review of MA’s accounts and other records.
An audit was done by D&T in late August 2005 up to October 2005. We should add
that in relation to this audit HL has not referred to it in the present
proceedings. It would therefore be reasonable to infer that the audit did not
support the Sers’ allegation of inaccuracy in relation to the management
presentation done by MA for the financial year 2005.

29 According to MA’s chief financial officer, Rainer Gumpert (“RG”), and AM,
the Sers were again asked at a board meeting of MPLI held on 7 November 2005
if they would agree to the refinancing proposals. George Ser’s response was
that if MPLI were to send a formal letter to Leedon, it would respond within
24 hours. MPLI sent the letter on the same day and Leedon, as promised,
replied on 8 November by e-mail. In its reply, Leedon reiterated its refusal
to agree to the sale and leaseback and the refinancing proposals, _unless_
JPMP MPL agreed to release the Sers from various restrictions and covenants
which they had agreed to with JPMP MPL in connection with the LBO and to
release/vary the restrictions on Leedon and its shares in MPLI.

30 JPMP MPL rejected Leedon’s demands, following which on 11 November 2005, HL
served a statutory demand under s 254(2)(_a_) of the Act on MA, resulting in
the present proceedings.

**How the cross-claim arose**

31 The management of the business of HL before and after the SPA was signed
was under the control of the Sers. It was only in early May 2005 that their
services were terminated by mutual agreement between the parties. In early
March 2005, William Merrell Fulton (“WF”) was appointed the chief executive
officer, but he reported to Anthony Ser as chairman of the board of directors.
MA has claimed that it was soon after WF’s appointment that it was alerted to
possible non-compliance by HL with certain contracts, licences and permits
that could amount to breaches of warranties by HL under the SPA. AM has
claimed that in May 2005, at a meeting of the MA directors, he had raised the
breaches of warranties by HL. These breaches are set out in paras 25 to 30 of
the first affidavit of RG and may be summarised as follows:

(a) failure to follow product management processes (“PMP”);

(b) failure to monitor manufacturing processes to meet specifications;

(c) failure to carry out the destructive testing of products;

(d) generating false test results to give the impression of the monitoring,
extent and results of product testing;

(e) using non-approved subcontractors and vendors to supply goods and services
at lower prices than customer-approved subcontractors and vendors to increase
profits; and

(f) failure to comply with environmental and safety laws and permits.

32 In July 2005, MA began a more detailed investigation into the extent of
breaches of warranties. On 6 September 2005, MA engaged Ernst & Young (“EY”)
to examine the heads of claims and quantify the damages MA had suffered by
reason of HL’s breach of warranties. These damages included the cost of
rectifying the breaches and the effect some of the breaches had on the EBITDA
used to calculate the purchase price of the business and assets of HL. EY
completed its report on 27 September 2005. In it, EY quantified the total
damages to be S$34,472.740 under 12 categories as follows:

(1) Building regularisation

(2) Environmental, Health & Safety Compliance

(3) State of equipment and facilities

(4) Unusable equipment

(5) Equipment and computer systems to meet and monitor specifications in PMP
requirements

(6) Additional cost of destructive test to meet PMP requirements

(7) Leak testers, conveyor system and jumpsuit bags and labour-customer specs

(8) Production labour hour and loss of output during customer audit

(9) Use of non-approved sub-contractors

(10) Use of non-approved vendors

(11) Additional workers in QA department

(12) Claim under ERM Report (capped at S$50,000).

In calculating the damages under categories (2), (6), (9), (10) and (11), EY
applied a multiple of seven on the basis that if HL had complied with its
obligations and duties under these categories, the EBITDA on which the
purchase price had been calculated would have been correspondingly lower.

33 MA sent EY’s report to HL on 28 September 2005 together with the summary
prepared by EY on MA’s claims for breaches of warranties. MA notified HL that
it intended to use the S$25m, including all accrued interest thereon, in the
escrow account set up under the SPA to settle part of the claim.

34 On 18 October 2005, HL’s solicitors replied rejecting MA’s claims, and on
11 November 2005, HL’s other solicitors served a statutory demand on MA to pay
the undisputed debt within 21 days, failing which HL would be entitled to wind
up MA. A second notice dated 30 November 2005 was sent to MA asking whether MA
had appointed solicitors to accept service of the winding-up petition. This
demand triggered these proceedings.

**Proceedings in the High Court**

35 In the court below, MA relied on three grounds in support of its
application for an injunction to restrain HL from filing a winding-up petition
against MA, as follows:

(a) that MA had a _bona fide_ cross-claim of S$34m on substantial grounds
which exceeded the undisputed debt of S$25m;

(b) that HL (_ie_ , the Sers) had a collateral purpose in presenting the
winding-up petition; and

(c) that the presentation of the petition would cause irreparable harm to MA
which has an ongoing business.

36 In relation to ground (a) above, the trial judge held that in a case where
the company has a _bona fide_ cross-claim based on substantial grounds which
is equal to or exceeds the creditor’s undisputed debt, the court has a
discretion whether or not to restrain the creditor from presenting a winding-
up petition against the company, citing _Re Sanpete Builders (S) Pte Ltd_
[1989] SLR 164 (“ _Sanpete_ ”) and _In re Bayoil SA_ [1999] 1 WLR 147 (“
_Bayoil_ ”).

37 In relation to whether the cross-claim was _bona fide_ , the trial judge
held that, although MA had only raised its cross-claim in September 2005,
there was evidence to show that MA had looked into various possible breaches
of covenants by HL some months before that date, and that accordingly, he
could not conclude that the cross-claim was not _bona fide_.

38 In relation to whether the cross-claim was based on substantial grounds,
the judge rejected HL’s argument that MA’s cross-claim was unsustainable
because it was based on estimates and not on the actual costs of steps taken
to rectify the breaches. However, he agreed with counsel for HL that because
MA’s alleged claim for breach of warranties totalling S$34m was secured to the
extent of S$25m and if that amount was taken into account, the net amount of
the cross-claim would fall far short of the undisputed debt of S$25m. Although
counsel for MA offered to release to HL an amount from the escrow account
sufficient to equalise the cross-claim and the undisputed debt, the judge held
that such release was not permitted because (a) MA had agreed to look to the
escrow account to meet its claims under the warranties; and (b) MA could not
unilaterally vary the terms of the SPA and effectively seek to substitute the
security it had for the counterclaim. The judge held that this ground was
sufficient to dismiss MA’s application for an injunction.

39 In relation to EY’s computation of MA’s cross-claim at S$34m, the trial
judge did not rule on the submission made by counsel for HL that EY’s
computation was legally wrong on the ground it had applied a multiplier of
seven for the majority of MA’s claims that were categorised as of a recurrent
nature. But for this method of computation, the cross-claim would not exceed
S$10m. Instead, the trial judge held that MA’s cross-claim could not be made
out, as a matter of law, since MA had not made any claim for breach of
warranty under Sched 4, cl 3.1 of the SPA, which warranted that the accounts
of HL reflected a true and fair view of its assets, liabilities and state of
affairs and of its profits and losses. The trial judge also commented that
unless MA sought to set aside or challenge the EBITDA in the arbitration
proceedings, it would not be sufficient for MA to show that other breaches
would in turn affect the profit and loss of HL at the material time and that
this would affect EBITDA. The trial judge however cautioned that nothing he
had said would bind the arbitrator who would be determining the validity of
the cross-claim.

40 In relation to [35](b) above, the trial judge concluded that the Sers did
not have a collateral purpose in not agreeing to the refinancing proposals as
they were concerned about the economic benefits of the sale and leaseback
proposal since MA would no longer need factory space once the business was
gradually relocated to Wuxi, China. The trial judge held that, on the
contrary, it was MA who was using the cross-claim as a collateral purpose,
_ie_ , to restrain HL from presenting a winding-up petition.

41 In relation to [35](c) above, the trial judge held that MA, instead of
paying US$10m to MI for interest due under the loan from MI, should have used
it to pay the undisputed debt. He rejected MA’s argument that the payment to
MI was for investment in a new factory in China and that the revenue generated
by the new business would accrue to the benefit of MA as part of the group
operations. He held that this was not equitable to HL. In his view, MA,
logically, should have received payment for the sale of its products and
should have been able to pay the undisputed debt unless the purchase moneys
were diverted elsewhere and/or the prospects of the businesses were not as
good as MA was suggesting.

42 In the result, the trial judge dismissed MA’s application.

43 After MA’s application was dismissed, the Sers obtained a report from D&T
(“the D&T report”) on or about 24 April 2006 to support its opinion that MA
was insolvent. In response to the D&T report, MA engaged
PriceWaterhouseCoopers (“PWC”) to advise MA on its financial position. PWC
issued its report on 11 July 2006 stating that while MA was facing financial
difficulties, there was no conclusive evidence to show that it was technically
insolvent. Anthony Ser responded by applying to court (Originating Summons No
1407 of 2006) for disclosure of MA’s terms of engagement of PWC and drafts of
the PWC report. The application was dismissed on 31 August 2006 on the ground
that the documents were protected by legal advice privilege, and further that
the applicant was in a position of conflict as a director of both MA and HL.

44 On 7 July 2006, just after MA filed its appeal against the decision of the
trial judge, the Sers commenced an action (Suit No 427 of 2006) for a
declaration that MA was insolvent and that the other four directors of MA were
in breach of their fiduciary duties to MA. The action is still pending.

**Issues for determination in the appeal**

45 In this appeal, the issues this court has been asked to determine are as
follows:

(a) Whether MA has a genuine cross-claim based on substantial grounds (“Issue
A”).

(b) Whether MA’s cross-claim is equal to or in excess of the undisputed debt
(ie, whether the S$25m security held in escrow has reduced MA’s cross-claim to
S$9m) (“Issue B”).

(c) Whether HL had a collateral purpose in threatening to wind up MA (“Issue
C”).

(d) Whether the filing of a winding-up petition against MA would cause
irreparable harm to MA’s business and reputation (“Issue D”).

We will consider these issues now.

**_Issue A: Whether MA has a genuine cross-claim based on substantial
grounds_**

46 The judge found that MA did not invent a cross-claim in order to ward off
the threatened winding-up proceedings. There was evidence that MA had raised
the issue of breach of warranties by HL some months before the service of HL’s
statutory notice and that it had engaged EY to quantify its claim based on
such breaches. However, before us HL has made the following points:

(a) MA’s case is an abuse of process in that it had stalled, delayed and
bought time for itself;

(b) MA had contrived grievances and misled the court;

(c) MA changed its position and is now using the court to force HL to agree to
a variation of the SPA;

(d) in order to teach HL a lesson, MA did not raise its staggering cross-claim
of S$34m for more than a year as it allowed MA to continue to delay paying the
debt and to deprive HL of the early recovery of the escrow sum of S$25m;

(e) while MA was refusing to pay HL the undisputed debt, it was paying off
other creditors instead of HL; and

(f) MA was never serious about its cross-claim as it took its time in
referring the cross-claim to arbitration and also in failing to comply with
the timelines as stipulated under the SIAC rules.

47 In our view, HL has overstated its case with respect to all these
allegations. Having regard to the evidence before the court, we agree with the
judge that MA’s cross-claim was a genuine cross-claim based on substantial
grounds. In respect of points (a) to (f) of [46] above, we summarise our
findings below.

_Point (a) – Delay_

48 It cannot be denied that HL did give MA time to pay the undisputed debt,
but much of the time was taken up by the unsuccessful efforts of MA and MI in
trying to persuade the Sers to agree to the refinancing proposals. These were
serious business proposals to reduce MA’s operational costs which the Sers
could not agree for their own reasons, even though they have a 49% ownership
of MA. The Sers rejected MA’s proposal to pay the debt in six instalments and
insisted on payment in four instalments, even though MA had stated that its
cash-flow would not allow it to pay in six instalments unless the refinancing
proposals were implemented. The Sers also showed no interest in JPMP MPL’s
proposal to give a guarantee to HL to secure MA’s proposal to pay in six
instalments. Finally, after much delay, the Sers agreed to the refinancing
proposals in return for a _quid pro quo_ in the form of a release from a
series of covenants given by them and Leedon as part of the terms of the LBO.

49 It is also pertinent to point out that MA has never denied its financial
inability to pay the undisputed debt in one lump sum. Long before HL demanded
full payment, MA had been looking for alternative financing to pay the debt,
even though the debt was incurred as part of the LBO (which was completed by
July 2004), and not an ordinary trade debt. The evidence shows that HL did not
make any demands for payment until after Anthony Ser had retired as chairman
of MA’s board of directors in May 2005, some ten months after the bulk of the
undisputed debt had arisen. Anthony Ser has given no explanation why HL
delayed seeking repayment until 11 May 2005, which was also the day before
MI’s directors were due to vote on the refinancing proposals.

_Point (b) – Misleading the court_

50 The contention that MA had misled the court when it applied for an _ex
parte_ injunction is based on HL’s own interpretation of the effect the S$25m
security held in the escrow account. HL is of the view, which the judge
accepted, that the security had effectively reduced MA’s claim by S$25m,
thereby reducing it to S$9m. Hence, when MA claimed, through RG’s affidavit,
that its cross-claim far exceeded the undisputed debt, it had misled the
court. We do not agree with this argument, which will be considered later.
MA’s claim was not misleading nor was the judge misled by it.

_Point (c) – MA’s election_

51 On point (c), HL’s argument is that MA having elected to look to the escrow
sum to meet its cross-claim is bound by it as its election has “locked up the
Escrow monies to deprive HL of them”. At the hearing, MA tried to change its
position by seeking the court’s approval to return to HL an amount from the
escrow account sufficient to effect an equalisation of the cross-claim with
the undisputed debt, thereby allowing it to argue that it had a cross-claim
equal to the debt. In our view, this argument has no merit, as we will explain
later.

_Point (d) – Cross-claim not_ bona fide

52 The evidence shows that MA’s cross-claim took time to surface and
crystallise into a tangible claim. The Sers retained management control over
MA’s business for about a year after the LBO. Anthony Ser remained as chairman
of MA’s board of directors and was in charge of the operations of MA until May
2005. Operational line managers in the company continued to report to him,
including WF who was appointed the CEO in March 2005. MA only became aware of
possible breaches of warranties under the SPA after WF’s appointment. MA was
able to crystallise its cross-claim against HL after it obtained from EY at
the end of September 2005 an assessment of its potential losses arising from
HL’s alleged breach of warranties under the SPA. This enabled MA to apply to
court for the injunction.

53 EY’s computation of MA’s loss of about S$34m is equivalent to 7% of the LBO
price of about S$470m. The judge did not find that it was unsustainable. Nor
did he find the cross-claim wildly inflated even though HL had argued that EY
had wrongly applied a multiplier of seven to a large number of recurrent
claims. The judge held that these are issues for the arbitrator to decide; it
cannot be said that all of MA’s claims for breaches of warranties were clearly
unsustainable, if they were properly pleaded and there was an express
challenge to the value of the EBITDA. We have no reason to disturb the judge’s
finding on this point.

_Point (e) – Paying other creditors_

54 HL’s main grievance in this respect is the payment by MA of US$10m to MI
for accrued interest on MI’s loan to MA. MA has explained that the payment was
to enable MI to expand the group’s business in Wuxi for the benefit of the
group. However, there is evidence (a letter from MA’s counsel dated 17 April
2006 to HL’s counsel) that US$9,307,395.92 has been remitted by Metalform Wuxi
to MA during the period from August 2005 to March 2006. HL’s response to this
remittance is that although it could be said that it benefited the Sers
indirectly, it did not benefit HL. HL has also contended that the payment to
MI was a fraudulent preference, and that it would not be recoverable for the
benefit of HL and other creditors if HL was restrained from presenting a
winding up petition. However, apart from MA’s failure to pay HL’s debt, there
is no evidence to show that MA was insolvent or that any other creditor has
taken any action against MA.

_Point (f) – MA was not serious about cross-claim as evident by its delay in
commencing arbitration proceedings_

55 This argument is based on MA’s delay in making its cross-claim and
proceeding with the arbitration. This argument is no longer relevant. The
cross-claim was referred for arbitration on 9 December 2005. On 24 August
2006, the day after this court reserved judgment in this appeal, MA applied to
the arbitrator to amend its statement of claim to plead breach of warranty in
respect of Sched 4, cl 3.1 of the SPA. The arbitrator gave leave to MA to
amend the statement of claim to plead HL’s alleged breach of warranties that
had induced MA to buy the assets and business of HL at an inflated price based
on the EBITDA x 7, and suffering a loss in reliance thereof.

**_Issue B: Whether MA’s cross-claim is equal to or in excess of the
undisputed debt (_ ie _, whether the S$25m security held in escrow has reduced
MA’s cross-claim to S$9m)_**

56 HL has argued that the S25m security held in escrow reduced MA’s cross-
claim to S$9m, and that MA therefore did not have a cross-claim equal to or in
excess of the undisputed debt. In our view, HL’s argument on this issue has no
merit. A security for a claim does not reduce the claim. It functions as a
security and not as a payment. Therefore, the S$25m held in escrow as security
for MA’s claims against HL arising under the SPA cannot and does not reduce
the quantum of MA’s cross-claim of S$34m. A partially secured cross-claim is
still a cross-claim for the amount claimed. A security is a security until the
occurrence of the relevant contingency when it would then be used to pay the
actual liability. It is only when it is paid that it will reduce the amount of
the claim. If the escrow sum had the effect of reducing the cross-claim, it
would have meant that it had been paid to MA. In that situation, MA would have
S$25m to pay the undisputed debt. HL’s argument fails simply because it cannot
have its cake and eat it.

57 Counsel for MA tried to counter HL’s argument by offering to release S$10m
from the escrow account to HL in order to notionally equalise the debt with
the cross-claim. The offer was innovative but it was rejected in any event on
the ground that it would prejudice HL’s reliance on the undisputed debt as the
basis for presenting a winding-up petition against MA. The judge held that MA
could not be allowed to make such an offer as it would have meant allowing MA
to rewrite unilaterally the terms of the SPA. HL had argued that the terms of
the escrow agreement meant that this could not be done without the consent of
the escrow agent. In the ordinary case, the beneficiary of a security is
entitled to waive his security, but given our holding that the cross-claim is
not reduced by the escrow amount, it is not necessary for us to decide whether
the judge’s finding or HL’s argument is correct. HL has also argued that by
electing to lay claim to the security in its letter dated 28 September 2005,
MA was contractually bound to do so, citing _The Pacific Vigorous_ [2006] 3
SLR 374. In our view, the election argument has no merit. MA did not make any
election as it was entitled to look to the security for its cross-claim under
the existing arrangement.

**_Issue C: Whether HL had a collateral purpose in threatening to wind up
MA_**

58 MA’s submission is that HL and the Sers had a collateral purpose in
threatening to present a winding-up petition against MA in that it was to
extract benefits for itself and the Sers in the form of a release from their
covenants given in connection with the LBO under the SPA, and was not to
obtain payment of its debt. In our view, the evidence shows that initially the
purpose of HL in demanding payment and later in giving the statutory notice
was to put pressure on MA to pay the undisputed debt. It was only much later
that HL decided to take advantage of MA’s repeated requests to HL to agree to
the refinancing proposals to seek the release of the covenants given by the
Sers and Leedon as the price for its agreement. We are unable to find that HL
had a collateral purpose in threatening to wind up MA.

**_Issue D: Whether the filing of a winding-up petition against MA would cause
irreparable harm to MA’s business and reputation_**

59 MA has argued that in the present case irreparable harm would be caused to
MA if HL was not restrained from filing a winding up petition against MA.
Reference was made to the following cases: _L & D Audio_ _Acoustics Pty Ltd v
Pioneer Electronic Australia Pty Ltd_ (1982) 7 ACLR 180 (“ _L & D Audio_”) and
_Fortuna Holdings Pty Ltd v The Deputy Commissioner of Taxation of the
Commonwealth of Australia_ [1978] VR 83 (“ _Fortuna_ ”), where the courts took
into account this consideration. In our view, however, whether this would be
the case or not is not a sufficient basis to grant an injunction. Otherwise,
few companies would be wound up if they failed or refused to pay their debts
when they became due, and consequently few companies would pay their debts.
Irreparable harm is only one factor, albeit a significant factor, that a court
takes into account in exercising its discretion whether or not to restrain a
creditor from presenting a winding-up petition, or to restrain the advertising
of such a petition or to stay such a petition. But it may be neutralised by
other factors, such as that the company is insolvent, or that a winding-up
petition is the only means whereby a creditor could get the company to pay the
debt or any part thereof. In _Bayoil,_ the UK Court of Appeal explained that
in cross-claim cases, irreparable damage to the company is only one of the
considerations that justify the practice of the English courts in restraining
a creditor from filing a winding-up petition. Another reason is that the
_locus standi_ of the petitioner may be put in doubt where the company has a
serious cross-claim on substantial grounds equal to or exceeding the
creditor’s debt, whether the latter is disputed or not.

**Jurisdiction of court to restrain filing of winding-up petition**

60 We will now examine the law. The main argument of HL that it should not be
restrained from presenting a winding-up petition against MA is that it cannot
be an abuse of the process of the court for a creditor of an undisputed debt
to present a winding-up petition against a company which has failed to pay the
debt. It is contended that the court may only do so if the debtor can show
that such a petition is bound to fail. It is accordingly argued that whether
or not a debtor company should be wound up is a matter for the companies court
to decide when the petition is heard.

**_Where the debt is disputed and where it is undisputed_**

61 The law is well established where the company fails to pay an undisputed
debt after being served with a statutory demand under the Act. In _Malayan
Plant (Pte) Ltd v Moscow Narodny Bank Ltd_ [1980-1981] SLR 8 (“ _Malayan
Plant_ ”)_,_ the Privy Council, in an appeal from Singapore, approved (at 11,
[13]) the following passage from _Buckley on the Companies Acts_ (Butterworth
& Co (Publishers) Ltd, 13th Ed, 1957) at 450:

A creditor who cannot obtain payment of his debt is entitled as between
himself and the company _ex debito justitiae_ to an order if he brings his
case within the Act. And, notwithstanding a voluntary winding up, on proving
his debt and that it remains unsatisfied he will be so entitled.

“It is not a discretionary matter with the Court when a debt is established,
and not satisfied, to say whether the company shall be wound up or not … _One
does not like to say positively that no case could occur in which it would be
right to refuse it but, ordinarily speaking, it is the duty of the Court to
direct a winding up_.”

[emphasis added]

The statement of the law in the second paragraph was itself a quote from
_Bowes v Hope Life Insurance and Guarantee Co_ (1865) 11 HL Cases 389; 11 ER
1383 at 402; 1389.

62 The law is equally well established where the company disputes the debt
claimed by the creditor. In such a case, the court will restrain a creditor
from filing a petition to wind up the company, or if the petition has been
filed, to stay or dismiss it on the ground that the _locus standi_ of the
petitioner as a creditor is in question, and it is an abuse of process of the
court for the petitioner to try to enforce a disputed debt in this way. In
_Mann v Goldstein_ [1968] 1 WLR 1091, Ungoed-Thomas J said, at 1093–1094:

It is well established that this court has jurisdiction to restrain the
presentation or advertising of a winding-up petition and restrain all further
proceedings on it. That jurisdiction is a facet of the court’s inherent
jurisdiction to prevent an abuse of the process of the court. It will be
exercised where a winding-up application is presented, or prosecuted otherwise
than in accordance with the legitimate purpose of such process.

At 1098–1099, he said:

For my part I would prefer to rest the jurisdiction directly on the
comparatively simple propositions that a creditor’s petition can only be
presented by a creditor, that the winding-up jurisdiction is not for the
purpose of deciding a disputed debt (that is, disputed on substantial and not
insubstantial grounds), since, until a creditor is established as a creditor
he is not entitled to present the petition and has no locus standi in the
Companies Court; and that, therefore, to invoke the winding-up jurisdiction
when the debt is disputed (that is, on substantial grounds) or after it has
become clear that it is so disputed is an abuse of the process of the court. …
Indeed, the prevention of the abuse of the process of the court is the very
essence of the whole of this court’s jurisdiction to restrain the presentation
of a winding-up petition.

**_Where there is a cross-claim equal to or exceeding the undisputed debt –
English and Singapore practice_**

63 In the present case, MA is seeking to restrain HL from filing a petition to
wind up MA based on an undisputed debt on the ground that it has a cross-claim
on substantial grounds which exceeds the undisputed debt.

64 In _Bayoil_ ([36] _supra_), the debtor did not dispute the debt but sought
a stay or dismissal of the petition on the ground that it had a genuine and
serious cross-claim equal to or exceeding the debt. The judge accepted the
company’s contention as to the status of its counterclaim but ordered the
company to be wound up. On appeal, Nourse LJ explained that the practice of
the Companies Court to dismiss a petition where the petition debt was disputed
in good faith on substantial grounds (which he categorised as a “disputed
debt” case) was not, initially, a matter for the discretion of the court but
founded on the creditor’s inability to establish his _locus standi_ to present
the petition. However, the case of an undisputed debt with a genuine and
serious cross-claim (which he categorised as a “cross-claim” case) was
different, in that the dismissal or stay of the winding up petition was a
matter for the discretion of the court. _Bayoil_ was a cross-claim case. The
question was how the court, in the exercise of its discretion, should deal
with a cross-claim case.

65 Nourse LJ examined two previous Court of Appeal decisions, _viz_ , _In re
Portman Provincial Cinemas, Ltd_ (1964) 108 Sol J 581 (“ _Portman_ ”) and _In
re L H F Wools Ltd_ [1970] Ch 27 (“ _Wools_ ”), which were both cross-claim
cases, and concluded that this practice in cross-claim cases was established
by _Portman_ and affirmed in _Wools_ (_Bayoil_ at 154). Nourse LJ held that
_Portman_ was clear authority for the proposition that the petition ought to
be dismissed in cross-claim cases, except in special circumstances (at p 152).
In _Bayoil_ , Nourse LJ held that neither the potential commercial insolvency
of the company nor the ability of the petitioning creditor to levy execution
against the company amounted to a special circumstance that entitled him to
have it wound up. He explained the rationale thus (at 155):

[A]n order that a company be wound up, unlike a bankruptcy order, is often a
death knell. Nor can it be certain that a liquidator, even with security
behind him, will prosecute the company’s claims with the diligence and
efficiency of its directors.

66 Ward LJ, agreeing with Nourse LJ, gave the following reasons: (a) s 125 of
the UK Insolvency Act 1986 [which corresponds to s 257(1) of the Act] dealing
with the “Powers of court on hearing of petition” gave the court a wide
discretion, which must be exercised judicially; (b) both _Portman_ and _Wools_
were authorities, from which the Court of Appeal should not depart, that
winding up should not be allowed where there was a genuine cross-claim except
in special circumstances; (c) there was little difference between the disputed
debt and a cross-claim which did not constitute a set-off – citing the Privy
Council’s statement in _Malayan Plant_ ; and (d) a winding-up order was a
draconian order: if wrongly made, the company had little commercial prospect
of reviving itself and recovering its former position. If there was any doubt
about the claim and the cross-claim, the court should proceed cautiously.

67 _Malayan Plant_ was an undisputed debt case where there was no cross-claim
by the debtor company. The winding-up petition was granted at first instance
and an appeal to the Court of Appeal was dismissed. An appeal to the Privy
Council was also dismissed. After referring to _Wools_ and stating that the
court had a wide discretion under s 225(1) of the UK Companies Act 1948 (which
corresponds to s 221(1) of the Act) whether or not to order the winding up of
a company, the Privy Council said at 12, [18]:

There is no distinction in principle between a crossclaim of substance (such
as in the _Wools_ case) and a serious dispute regarding the indebtedness
imputed against a company, _which has long been held to constitute a proper
ground upon which to reject a winding up petition._ [emphasis added]

68 Although in _Malayan Plant_ the debt was undisputed, it was not a case of
the debtor seeking to restrain the creditor from presenting a winding-up
petition. It was a case of the debtor seeking to dismiss the petition after
its presentation on the ground that the Court of Appeal had exercised its
discretion wrongly. Accordingly, the statement of the Privy Council that there
was no distinction between a cross-claim of substance and a seriously disputed
debt might be said to be _obiter_. However, two points should be noted. First,
even if what the Privy Council stated in _Malayan Plant_ was _obiter_ , the
approval of this principle in _Wools_ meant that the law in Singapore practice
would be that as administered in England by virtue of s 5(1) of the Civil Law
Act (Cap 43, 1988 Rev Ed). Secondly, and equally important, the Privy
Council’s statement equating a cross-claim with a seriously disputed debt
called into question the _locus standi_ of the creditor in such a case to
present a winding-up petition against the debtor.

69 The practice established by _Portman_ and affirmed by _Wools_ was followed
by the High Court in _Ng Tai Tuan v Chng Gim Huat Pte Ltd_ [1990] SLR 903 (“
_Ng Tai Tuan_ ”) to stay a winding-up petition on the ground that the debtor
had a genuine and substantial cross-claim exceeding the debt. Chao J in _Ng
Tai Tuan_ , also referred to Australian and New Zealand authorities in support
of his decision.

70 In _De Montfort University v Stanford Training Systems Pte Ltd_ [2006] 1
SLR 218, the High Court stayed a winding-up petition which was presented
before the company commenced an action against the creditor claiming an
unliquidated sum, applying the Privy Council’s statement in _Malayan Plant._
Tay J held that in the light of the alleged counterclaim, the debt was
disputed on substantial grounds and it could not be ascertained whether the
petitioner’s alleged debt would exceed the statutory minimum of S$10,000
provided for under s 254(2)(_a_) of the Act in order to make the winding up
order.

71 It may also be useful to note that _Bayoil_ was adopted and applied in Hong
Kong by the Court of Appeal in _Re S Y Engineering Co Ltd_ [2002] HKCA 61,
which in turn was followed by the Hong Kong High Court in _Re Keen Lloyd
Resources Ltd_ [2003] HKCFI 671 _._

72 It may be noted at this point of our discussion that all the cross-claim
cases were concerned with situations where winding-up petitions had been
filed, and the only question in each case was whether the petition should be
stayed or dismissed. We now consider two divergent English decisions on the
court’s jurisdiction to grant an injunction to restrain the presentation of a
winding-up petition. In _Re a Company (No 006273 of 1992)_ [1992] BCC 794,
Millett J refused to restrain the presentation of a winding-up petition based
on an undisputed debt where the company had a cross-claim which exceeded
substantially the debt due to the petitioning creditor but had not been
litigated. Millett J held that there was no abuse of the process of the court
as the presentation of the petition was for a purpose that was entirely
proper, _ie_ , to bring pressure for the payment of a debt which was
indisputably due. He did not regard the Court of Appeal’s decisions in
_Portman_ and _Wools_ as preventing the court from making a winding-up order
where there is a serious cross-claim on substantial grounds. However, in
_Bayoil,_ Nourse LJ rejected Millet J’s interpretation of _Portman_ on the
ground that the transcripts of the judgments in _Portman_ were not before
Millett J _._

73 In his judgment, Millett J had also referred to the observations of Morritt
J in _Re Leasing and Finance Services Ltd_ [1991] BCC 29 that it could not be
said at the preliminary stage when an application was made for an injunction
to restrain the application of a petition, that the existence of the cross-
claim meant that the petition was _bound to fail_ when it came to be heard
after the advertisement of the petition and in the light of the available
evidence. This appears to be the first reported English decision that the
“bound to fail” test was applied in a cross-claim case where the debt was
undisputed. The Court of Appeal in _Bayoil_ made no reference to this issue.
Neither did the Privy Council in _Malayan Plant._ But, as we have mentioned
earlier, in _Fortuna_ , McGarvie J held that the standard of proof in such a
case was not that the petition is bound to fail, but that it is unlikely to
succeed in the circumstances existing at the time.

74 In _Re a Company No 1122 of 2003_ [2003] ALL ER (D) 338 _,_ a cross-claim
case where the debt was undisputed, the court developed this point further.
There, Etherton J said:

Where a debt was undisputed, but it was alleged that there was a cross claim,
the court would _generally_ restrain presentation or advertisement if; (i) the
cross claim was substantial; (ii) the company had been unable to litigate the
claim; and (iii) the claim was greater in value than the claim of the
respondent. The claim for misrepresentation had no basis. The claim for
damages for breach of cl 5 of the transfer agreement [the cross-claim] raised
issues of law and fact that were relevant to the outcome of the applicant’s
claim under cl 5, and were not properly to be determined on a summary
application of the kind before the court. In order to succeed on the instant
application, _the applicant had to show that its claim had a real prospect of
success_. On the facts, _the court could not say, in the absence of oral
evidence or cross- examination, the applicant’s claim had no prospect of
success._ Accordingly, the court would grant the order sought. [emphasis
added]

**_The Australian practice_**

75 Counsel for HL accepts that the Australian practice on cross-claims is the
same as that of the English and Singapore courts. In _Ng Tai Tuan,_ the
relevant Australian decisions were referred to by Chao J, including _Glenbawn
Park Pty Ltd, Re_ (1977) 2 ACLR 288 (“Glenbawn Park”)_._ In _Bayoil,_ Nourse
LJ also referred to the same in holding that dicta in Commonwealth decisions
supported the English practice. In _Fortuna_ , a cross-claim case, McGarvie J,
after reviewing the existing Australian, English and New Zealand authorities,
said at 87–88:

When a court restrains the presentation of a winding up petition to that court
it exercises it as part of its inherent jurisdiction to prevent abuse of its
process: [_Mann v Goldstein_ at 1093–1094]. Usually a court acts against abuse
of its process after proceedings have been commenced. Thus, existing
proceedings may be stayed or dismissed, or documents delivered as a step in
the proceedings may be struck out ... The law has long recognized that with
proceedings to wind up a company, intervention after the commencement of
proceedings would often be too late to relieve the company of oppression and
damage. The courts have recognized that irreparable damage may be done to a
company merely through public knowledge of the presentation of a petition.
Usually the damage flows from the loss of commercial reputation which results.
The courts have also been conscious of the pressure which may be put on a
company, by a person with a disputed claim against it, threatening to present
a winding up petition unless the company meets his claim. While that threat
exists, the company, in order to avoid the damage involved in the presentation
of a petition, is pressed to meet the claim although it may have substantial
and genuine grounds for regarding itself as not required to do so.

The decisions of the courts have established the principle that the
presentation of a winding up petition may be restrained by injunction where
its presentation would amount to an abuse of the process of the court. The
courts apply this principle similarly to restrain the advertisement of a
petition already presented. The principle enables companies to be protected
from threatened or apprehended oppression and damage from abuse of court
process.

The basis on which the courts have intervened in the cases cited by counsel,
has been that presentation of a winding up petition might of itself cause
irreparable damage to the company. Given that basis, the application of the
principle which entitles the courts to intervene to prevent abuse of process
depends on the existence of different elements in two distinct situations
considered in the authorities. For convenience, I will refer to the
application of the principle as the first and second branches of the
principle.

At 93–94, McGarvie J said:

The first branch applies to cases where the petitioner is incapable of success
as a matter of law or through absence of supporting evidence. Where the
petitioner is not entitled to present a petition or where the ground alleged
is not a ground which can found a winding up order, the petitioner is
incapable of success as a matter of law. If there is no sufficient evidence to
establish an otherwise sufficient ground the petitioner is incapable of
success for that reason. …

The second branch applies to cases where there is a more suitable alternative
means of resolving the dispute involved in a disputed claim against the
company. … Thus the second branch applies where, because of the availability
of a suitable alternative procedure, the petition is unlikely to succeed in
the circumstances existing at the time.

McGarvie J further stated (at 95) that the second branch of the principle has
often been applied to creditors’ petitions where: (a) the debt is genuinely
disputed on substantial grounds, in which case, the court may restrain the
presentation of the petition, citing _Cadiz Waterworks Co v Barnett_ (1874) LR
19 Eq 182; (b) the debt is not disputed but the company has a genuine cross-
claim on substantial grounds equal to or exceeding the petitioner’s debt, in
which case the court has the discretion to dismiss the petition, citing
_Wools_ ; and (c) a creditor intends to present or advertise a petition and
the company has a genuine cross-claim based on substantial grounds, which
equals or exceeds the creditor’s debt, a court may grant an injunction
restraining the presentation or advertisement of the petition, citing _Cercle
Restaurant Castiglione Co v Lavery_ (1881) 18 Ch D 555, and _Tranquility
Holdings Pty Ltd v Glass Pools Pty Ltd_ (1974) CLC ¶40-133.

_Standard of proof in cross-claim cases_

76 With respect to the standard of proof, McGarvie J said (_Fortuna_ at
103–104):

I consider that before restraining the presentation of a petition against a
plaintiff company I would need to be satisfied on the material before me, that
it is unlikely that a winding up order would be made by any judge in the
exercise of his discretion … I do not accept the submission that before
granting an injunction I would need to be satisfied that the Deputy
Commissioner had no chance of success in obtaining a winding up order. The
present case is to be determined upon the second branch of the general
principle, where the presentation of a petition may be restrained despite the
fact that there is a chance that a winding up order may be made. This chance
may exist in at least two ways. First, the test that it is unlikely that a
winding up order would be made by any judge in the exercise of his discretion,
does not exclude all possibility of such an order being made. Second, if the
test is stated in different words, the position is that an injunction may be
granted where it is likely that if a petition were presented, any judge would
either dismiss it or stand it over. The purpose of standing over a petition is
to enable the disputed claim to be determined in other proceedings. If the
other proceedings result in favour of the petitioning creditor, the court may
then make a winding up order.

77 Having regard to the decisions mentioned above, the propositions as stated
by Etherton J (see [74] above) represent the current practice in England,
Australia and Singapore in such cases. The company does not have to show that
the winding-up petition is bound to fail, but that there is a likelihood that
it may fail or that it is unlikely that a winding-up order would be made.
Furthermore, in such a case, where the court is unable to say that there is no
prospect of success without oral evidence or cross-examination, the court will
grant the injunction.

**_New Zealand practice_**

78 Counsel for HL has referred us to the New Zealand practice in cross-claim
cases. Prior to the decision in _Re Julius Harper Ltd, ex parte Winkler & Co
(Hong Kong) Ltd_ [1983] NZLR 215 (“ _Julius Harper_ ”), the New Zealand
approach was the same as that of the Australian and English courts. However,
in _Julius Harper_ the New Zealand High Court departed from its previous
practice. There, the debtor, who did not dispute the petitioner’s debt, sought
an injunction to prevent the _advertising_ of the petition on the ground that
it had a genuine cross-claim based on substantial grounds exceeding the
petitioner’s debt. Hardie Boys J held that where the creditor’s debt was
undisputed, there was no question of the creditor’s _locus standi_ in
presenting the winding up petition and that its so doing was not an abuse of
process of the court since it had a statutory right to do so. He further held
that such a cross-claim was not an automatic bar to a winding-up order. Hardie
Boys J, after referring to _Charles Forte Investments Ltd v Amanda_ [1964] Ch
240 (“ _Charles Forte_ ”), and _Bryanston Finance Ltd v De Vries (No 2)_
[1976] Ch 63 (“ _Bryanston_ ”), said at 220:

It is to be noted that the English cases dealing with the situation where the
company asserts a counterclaim do not proceed on the basis that the dispute
necessarily puts in question the locus standi of the petitioner. Indeed, _if
that were the basis_ , consistency with the cases where the debt is disputed
would require the Court to refuse to make a winding up order at all; but that
is clearly not the approach that is taken. If therefore the making of a
winding up order is in the discretion of the Companies Court, it is difficult
to see how proceedings upon a petition to bring the matter before that Court,
in order that it may itself determine how its discretion should be exercised,
can amount to an abuse of process, and so justify the issue of an injunction.
[emphasis added]

Hardie Boys J acknowledged that there were Australian and New Zealand
decisions which adopted the view that a substantial counterclaim does raise
the question of whether the petitioner has sufficient _locus standi_ ,
referring to, _inter alia_ , _Glenbawn Park_ (which was approved by Chao J in
_Sanpete_) where Yeldham J held that a counterclaim on substantial grounds
destroys the locus standi of the petitioner. After examining these and other
cases, he concluded as follows at 223:

As the debt upon which the petition here is based is not disputed, the
petitioner has the locus standi to bring its petition. The counterclaim
asserted by the company, even though it be bone fide and based on substantial
grounds, is in my opinion no automatic bar to a winding up order. Thus I do
not think it is an abuse of process for the petition to be presented or
proceeded upon. I do not consider it a proper function of the Court in the
exercise of its inherent jurisdiction to embark upon a consideration of
matters relevant to the exercise of a discretion – and indeed to exercise the
discretion – which is conferred by the Companies Act and properly belongs to
the Court when hearing the winding up petition itself. I would accordingly
dismiss the present motion as being without foundation in law.

79 _Julius Harper_ was approved by the New Zealand Court of Appeal in _Anglian
Sales Ltd v South Pacific Manufacturing Co Ltd_ [1984] 2 NZLR 249 (“ _Anglian
Sales_ ”)_._ McMullin J, after examining Australian, English and New Zealand
authorities, concluded at 252:

It follows that where the existence of the debt on which the petition is
founded is unchallenged it cannot be said with the same confidence that the
proceedings amount to abuse of process by reason of an alleged counterclaim.
Where therefore the debtor, while admitting the debt, advances a counterclaim
in attempted answer to a petition, the latter should _normally_ proceed to
determination, with the Court retaining a discretion as to whether it
ultimately makes a winding up or not. [emphasis added]

Greig J, after examining the conflicting New Zealand decisions, said at 254:

There is a clear distinction between the exercise of the discretion on hearing
the petition and the exercise of the inherent jurisdiction to restrain or stay
the presentation of or further proceedings on a petition. What the appellant
invokes in this case is the latter; to stay proceedings as vexatious or an
abuse of the Court’s process. That is a general inherent jurisdiction which is
exercisable in appropriate cases in any proceedings, including a petition for
winding up brought under the Companies Act. It is a jurisdiction which is to
be exercised with great circumspection. _The test is whether it is impossible
for the party concerned, in this case the petitioner, to succeed in its
claim._ That, in my view, is the basis for the decision in [_Charles Forte_]
and [_Bryanston_].

In cases where there is a disputed debt, that is to say, a substantial dispute
that the debt is payable at all, then in accordance with the ordinary rule the
petition _is bound to_ fail because the petitioner has not shown he is a
creditor and the Court on hearing the petition will not enter into the
dispute.

…

Other considerations apply when the debt is not disputed in whole, as is the
situation in this case, but there is a cross-claim or counterclaim which is
alleged to equal or exceed the amount of the creditor’s debt. In that case the
creditor is still a creditor.

On the hearing of the petition it remains a matter of discretion as to whether
the petition will be granted or not. That is clear from [_Wools_], but it is
not a discretion which is invariably or inevitably exercised against the
petitioner. _That being the case it cannot be said in these proceedings that
the petitioner is bound to fail even though there may be some doubt as to
whether the petitioner will be granted._ That, however is a matter for the
exercise of the Court’s discretion on the hearing of the petition and raises
different considerations to those which apply on the hearing of a motion to
restrain, such as this.

Reference has been made in this and other previous High Court decisions in New
Zealand to a number of Australian decisions which display a conflict between
the view that a substantial counterclaim raises a question of locus standi
resulting in a preference for an exercise of the inherent jurisdiction against
the petitioner and the view that, on the other hand, the existence of a
counterclaim does not affect the locus standi. _I think that those who prefer
the former view have failed to make the distinction between the inherent
jurisdiction to prevent in special cases an abuse of the Court’s process and
the exercise of the discretion on the hearing of the petition._

[emphasis added]

_Standard of proof in New Zealand cases_

80 The New Zealand cases require the company to show that a winding-up
petition against it is bound to fail before the court will exercise its
inherent jurisdiction to restrain the creditor of an undisputed debt from
presenting a petition against it. What policy reasons justify the imposition
of such a high standard of proof on the company in such cases? In _Julius
Harper,_ Hardie Boys J referred to both the “bound to fail” test in
_Bryanston_ and the “likely to fail” test in _Fortuna_ without deciding which
test he should apply in dismissing the application to stay the winding-up
petition. However, in _Anglian Sales,_ McMullin J, whilst referring to the
discussion in _Bryanston_ on the differences between a disputed debt and a
cross-claim, did not specifically endorse the “bound to fail” standard of
proof. It was Greig J who had held, relying on Wilmer LJ’s judgment in
_Charles Forte_ and Buckley LJ’s judgment in _Bryanston,_ that the test
whether the court should exercise its jurisdiction in restraining a winding-up
petition was whether it is impossible for the party concerned, in this case
the petitioner, to succeed in its claim.

**_Should this court follow the New Zealand approach?_**

81 HL has invited the court to reconsider the legal position in Singapore in
the light of the practice in New Zealand. Counsel has pointed out that this is
an issue of law as well as policy, and that the High Court has made reference
to some policy concerns in _Tang Choon Keng Realty (Pte) Ltd v Tang Wee Chong_
[1992] 2 SLR 1114 (“ _Tang Choon Keng Realty_ ”)_._ The policy concerns may be
stated to be as follows. First, a creditor who has an undisputed debt has a
statutory right to file a winding-up petition against a company which has
failed to pay the debt. It is not an abuse of the process of the court for him
to invoke his statutory rights. Therefore, there is no basis for the court to
restrain him from filing his petition. Secondly, as there is also no abuse of
process even where the company claims that it has a serious cross-claim on
substantial grounds, the court should not prevent the petition from being
filed but determine whether it should be stayed or dismissed on hearing the
petition. Otherwise, the company would be allowed to litigate the same issue
twice, leading to an unnecessary prolongation of such proceedings.
Furthermore, such restraining orders have the potential of defeating the
rights of creditors who may not have the same financial resources as the
company, thereby denying them equal access to the court after a pre-emptive
strike.

82  In our view, we do not think that these matters outweigh the policy
consideration that the commercial viability of a company should not be put in
jeopardy by the premature presentation of a winding-up petition against it
where it has a serious cross-claim based on substantial grounds. Such a
petition may adversely affect the reputation and the business of the company
and may also set in motion a process that may create cross-defaults or cut the
company off from further sources of financing, thereby exacerbating its
financial condition. So long as the court is satisfied that on the evidence
there is a distinct possibility that the cross-claim may exceed the undisputed
debt, it should give the company the opportunity to prove its claim rather
than to allow a winding-up petition to be filed, with all the normal
consequences attendant upon the filing of such a petition. Businesses that
have a chance of recovery should not be pushed into a state that makes it
difficult for them to recover.

83  In _Tang Choon Keng Realty_ , the High Court applied the “bound to fail”
test, following _Charles Forte and Bryanston_. However, it is necessary to
point out that _Tang Choon Keng Realty_ was an oppression case under s 216 of
the Act and also a “just and equitable” case under s 254 of the Act where the
would-be petitioner was a shareholder of the company, which was also the case
in _Bryanston_ under the corresponding provisions of the UK Companies Act.
Similarly, _Charles Forte_ was a “just and equitable” case arising from
disputes between shareholders. The position of a shareholder is different from
that of a creditor. It is necessary to recognise this distinction. A
shareholder always has _locus standi_ to present an oppression petition or a
winding-up petition on just and equitable grounds. An aggrieved minority
shareholder has no recourse to any course of action to redress the wrongs
allegedly done to him by the majority except by petitioning the court, either
to seek a buy-out order or to wind up the company pursuant to s 216 of the
Act. However, he is not entitled to such an order except as a last resort, as
was held in _Tang Choon Keng Realty_ (and recently held by this court in _Lim
Swee Khiang v Borden Co (Pte) Ltd_ [2006] 4 SLR 745). The court will not grant
him a winding-up order unless there is no other way of bringing an end to or
remedying the matters complained of. That, in our view, is a reasonable basis
for the court not to restrain him from filing his petition without giving him
a full hearing, unless the petition is bound to fail.

84  In _Bryanston,_ Buckley LJ recognised that the presentation of a winding-
up petition might cause great damage to a company’s business and reputation,
although he was of the view that the potential damage might have been
exaggerated. His comments were apt in the context of a shareholder’s petition
for oppression or winding up of a company on just and equitable grounds, where
the issue is normally whether there has been an abuse of power by the majority
shareholder. Such a petition does not damage the company’s business, in
contrast with a creditor’s winding-up petition based on the company’s
inability to pay its debts. A creditor’s winding-up petition implies
insolvency and is likely to damage the company’s creditworthiness or financial
standing with its other creditors or customers. In the contemporary business
environment, practically all businesses are financed in varying degrees by
debt. An LBO entity, such as MA, is highly leveraged from the time of its
existence. Modern loan arrangements inevitably contain financial covenants
which, if breached, might trigger other cross-default clauses. The
presentation of a winding-up petition against the company is invariably such
an event of default. In the present case, it would appear that MA would have
60 days to set aside a winding-up petition to avoid a default that would
enable the bank to recall its loan. If other cross-default clauses are
triggered, it would merely compound the company’s problems. The prospect of
the company’s business being ruined in this way is very real. These
consequences do not ordinarily occur in s 216 or s 254 petitions under the Act
since they are not related to the company’s financial standing.

85 In our view, in relation to an application to restrain the filing of a
petition to wind up a company, the courts should make a clear distinction
between a shareholder’s petition and a creditor’s petition. We may add that in
the Malaysian case of _Pembinaan Lian Keong Sdn Bhd v Yip Fook Thai_ [2005] 5
MLJ 786, Vincent Ng J considered the relevant authorities and came to the
conclusion that the “bound to fail” test should only be applied in a
shareholder’s petition and not in the case of a creditor’s petition where the
debt was disputed.

86 In our view, the “bound to fail” test is in principle the wrong test to
apply in cross-claim cases, whether the debt is disputed or undisputed. As a
matter of evidence, until the cross-claim is tried, it would be impossible to
tell what the decision of the court would be, either on the merits of the
cross-claim or whether its quantum would equal or exceed the undisputed debt.
Applying such a stringent test at the hearing of any application to restrain a
winding-up petition would effectively lead to the dismissal of the
application. It would amount to applying a principle of law rather than a
principle of evidence.

87 This standard of proof is also inconsistent with the standard that is
applicable where the application is to stay the petition after it has been
filed. The standard of proof in a stay application founded on a serious cross-
claim on substantial grounds is that the petition is unlikely to succeed or
that it is likely that the court will hold over the petition in order to allow
the cross-claim to be determined first. There is no particular reason why the
standard of proof should be higher in the first case than in the second case.
Moreover, it is ironic that in the second case, irreparable damage might well
have been done to the company by the filing of the petition, and yet the
standard of proof in staying the petition is lower than the “bound to fail”
standard. We therefore conclude that it is inappropriate to apply the “bound
to fail” test in cross-claim cases.

88 For all these reasons, the New Zealand approach does not commend itself to
us, and we respectfully decline to follow it.

**Findings of this court**

89 In summary, our findings on the issues raised on appeal are as follows:

(a) MA has a genuine cross-claim based on substantial grounds;

(b) until the cross-claim is decided by the arbitrator (whom the parties have
agreed is the proper adjudicator of this issue), we affirm the judge’s finding
in the court below that it is not possible at this stage to conclude that the
cross-claim is not equal to or in excess of the undisputed debt;

(c) the evidence does not show that HL’s dominant purpose in threatening to
wind up MA was to secure for itself and for the Sers the release of their
covenants under the SPA;

(d) the filing of a winding-up petition against MA is likely to cause
irreparable harm to MA’s business and reputation; and

(e) HL has not shown the existence of any special circumstances why the court
should not restrain HL from presenting a winding-up petition against MA.

90 Accordingly, we allow the appeal with costs below and on appeal to follow
the event, and the usual consequential orders.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 13 Feb 2007 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

