Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Norhayati Binte Salleh @ Norhayati Bte Mohamed Ali v Mohamed Haedi Bin
Abdullah  
[2007] SGHC 1

Case Number | : | Suit 715/2005, RA 246/2006  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 11 January 2007  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Choo Han Teck J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Vangadasalam Ramakrishnan (V Ramakrishnan & Co) for the plaintiff; Teo Weng Kie (Legalworks Law Corporation) for the defendant   
Parties | : |  Norhayati Binte Salleh @ Norhayati Bte Mohamed Ali — Mohamed Haedi Bin Abdullah   
  
11 January 2007 |  Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Choo Han Teck J:

1 The appellant, riding pillion on the defendant’s motorcycle on 21 July 2002,
was injured in an accident. She was then 25 years old. Judgment was entered in
her favour against the defendant and a sum of $282,776.43 in damages was
awarded by the assistant registrar to her. She appealed against the amount
awarded. The appellant is a divorcee and has two young children. The
appellant’s highest educational level was primary five. She was unemployed at
the time of the accident, but had worked periodically and variously prior to
the accident. She did not hold down a job and sometimes worked only for a
month. Some of the jobs she held included that of a sales representative. She
is presently looked after by her neighbour, Salijah Latef, who is 57 years
old, and sometimes by Mdm Salijah’s daughter, Sherin, who was almost 18 years
of age as at March 2006. Mdm Salijah had only known the appellant for only two
years before the appellant’s accident. However, she testified that she would
continue to care for the appellant.

2 The appellant suffered head injury described in the medical report as an
occipital fracture, a posterior arch fracture, and intracranial haemorrhage
including an acute subdural haematoma on the right side, bifrontal and
bitemporal intracerebral haematoma and occipital extradural haematoma. There
were some complications to her recovery caused by a pneumothorax of the right
lung, pneumonia, transient hyponatremia, pulmonary embolisation secondary to a
deep vein thrombosis of her left basilica vein. She recovered gradually, and
with rehabilitation she was described in Dr Tang Kok Kee’s report of 11
January 2006, as having “improved significantly and was ambulant”. She does,
however, suffer from post-traumatic seizures, a condition that requires life-
long medication, which would reduce the frequency but not prevent the
occurrence of such fits. The report concluded with the observation that the
appellant “is able to perform her activities of daily living under supervision
and definitely have difficulty in abstract thinking and execution of complex
task[s].” Dr Tang reported that the foregoing cognitive deficits “are very
likely to be permanent in nature.” Another doctor, Dr Chua Hong Liang, a
gynaecologist testified that the appellant suffered from urinary incontinence
but that could be controlled by drugs.

3 In his oral testimony at the assessment of damages, Dr Tang stated that he
had noted that the appellant suffered from insomnia, and although ambulatory,
would not be able to travel alone without losing her way. Counsel for the
defendant pointed out that the evidence from the appellant herself during the
assessment hearing, that she said that she was capable of travelling on her
own, and had done so three times. On the first occasion she took the Mass
Rapid Transport train but missed her stop because she fell asleep. The second
time she decided to go to Yio Chu Kang instead of stopping at Bishan, and
there took a bus home. On the third occasion, she found the train too crowded
and went home by bus instead. On all three occasions, she found her way back
unaided.

4 The appellant was dissatisfied with the following awards. First, in respect
of general damages, in which she claimed, through her counsel, Mr V
Ramakrishnan, $150,000 for the skull fracture with brain injury (she was
awarded $75,000 below) and $50,000 for loss of amenities for which no award
was made below. Secondly, she claimed for $248,400 for future loss of earnings
(she was awarded $81,360 below), and $172,680 for the cost of engaging a
domestic help (she was awarded $97,736 below). Thirdly, she appealed against
the award of $48,000 being the costs of the proceedings and asked for a sum of
$125,000 to be given instead.

5 The assistant registrar noted in her brief grounds that the appellant’s
claim for $150,000 for damages for the skull and brain injury was based on
_Toon Chee Meng Eddie v Yeap Chin Hon_ [1993] 2 SLR 536, where an award for a
similar injury was made at $160,000. She noted that the consequences of the
injury in _Toon Chee Meng Eddie_ far exceeded those suffered by the appellant
in severity. While the appellant is ambulant and even capable of work in a
sheltered environment as the medical evidence showed, Toon Chee Meng was
paralysed on one side, unable to walk or stand, unable to speak, and became
intellectually retarded to the level of a one year old child. The assistant
registrar also noted that in the case of _Chin Swey Min_ [2004] Mallal’s
digest 1059 an award of $70,000 was made. She noted, however, that in _Chin
Swey Min_ the plaintiff suffered personality changes, poor memory, and poor
learning skills, whereas the appellant was cheerful and responsive, read her
own affidavit (although slowly) and was appropriate in her answers. Perusing
several other similar cases from 1992 to 2001 encompassing damages varying
according to the severity of the injuries, from $50,000 to $80,000, she
decided on $75,000. The assistant registrar saw no reason to make a separate
award for loss of amenities because in most cases, this head of claim was
considered together with the quantification of pain and suffering. That is
apparent in the cases cited above. I agree that these two claims ought to be
considered together because loss of amenities is part of the pain that arises
from the injuries suffered. It would be more reasonable, and less artificial,
to consider it as part of the general pain and suffering arising from the
injury. I am unable to say that the award of $75,000 so made was manifestly
inadequate. I have no reason, therefore, to vary that award.

6 In respect of the appeal against the sum awarded for loss of future
earnings, the assistant registrar noted that the appellant, now 28 years old,
had a potential 34 years of working life. However, the evidence showed that
she had only worked a total of 22 months from 1994 to 2002, and was unemployed
for three and a half years prior to the accident. After considering against
the evidence that the appellant might be able to work in a sheltered
environment, she decided that the appellant did not seem likely to hold down a
job in a sheltered workshop for a sustained period of time. She noted that the
appellant’s previous salaries were from $350 to $500 a month. She therefore
decided on a multiplicand of $400, which was just above the average for that
range. She adopted a multiplier of 15 years, and taking the employer’s
contributions Central Provident Fund contributions at 13%, she awarded the sum
of $81,360. I am of the opinion that that the appellant’s claim for $1,000 as
the multiplicand was without basis. Her appeal on this award therefore failed.

7 The assistant registrar accepted the appellant’s claim for $2,800 being fees
to be paid to the maid agency every three years at $700 a year; $15,600 being
general expenses of $100 a month for 13 years for the maid (although the
appellant claimed without proof, twice this sum); $46,020 being the levy for
the employment of the maid at $295 a month for 13 years; and $39,000 being the
maid’s salary of $250 a month for 13 years. That worked out to a sum of
$103,420 (second stage assessment). However, the assistant registrar
discounted 20% from this sum on the ground that the maid would not be devoting
full time to the care of the appellant and would be doing other domestic work.
This was the approach adopted in _Toon Chee Meng Eddie_. I am of the view that
a discount of this nature is one of the ways a court might make a fairer
adjustment to the overall compensation, but one ought to first consider
whether _Toon Chee Meng Eddie_ laid down a rigid principle that a discount
must be made to take into account the probability of the maid having to do
other work. I do not think that there is such a rigid rule. In _Toon Chee Meng
Eddie_ the plaintiff was a seven year old child living with his parents. Not
much else was known about Eddie Toon’s family, and I must thus take it on the
basis that that case justified the court’s finding that some other work would
be done for the benefit of the rest of the household, and perhaps that the
family would have in all probability employed a maid in due course had their
son not been injured. I would not comment thus on the facts there, but on the
evidence before me, it did not seem likely that this appellant was inclined to
employ a maid at any time even if she had not been injured. Hence, if the
services of a maid were required predominantly because of the injury, the fact
that the injured person would have gained some extra bits of ancillary
services should not be deducted. I would vary the amount appealed against from
$82,736 to $103,420.

8 Lastly, the appellant appealed against the award of costs of $48,000.
Counsel submitted that costs of $125,000 would have been fairer. The
assessment involved 11 witnesses, including four doctors, the appellant and
her caregiver, Md Salijah, and required five days of hearing. I am of the
opinion that the award of costs was a little on the low side but not so low as
to justify a variation on appeal. $125,000 was certainly too much to justify
in this case. I would however, hear the question of the costs of this appeal
at a later date in view of the adjustment made in respect of the costs of the
domestic help.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 11 Jan 2007 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

