Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Future Enterprises Pte Ltd v McDonald's Corp  
[2007] SGCA 18

Case Number | : | CA 73/2006  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 28 March 2007  
Tribunal/Court | : | Court of Appeal  
Coram | : |  Chan Sek Keong CJ; Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA; Tan Lee Meng J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Stanley Lai Tze Chang and Vignesh Vaerhn (Allen & Gledhill) for the appellant; Dedar Singh Gill and Yvonne Tang (Drew & Napier LLC) for the respondent   
Parties | : |  Future Enterprises Pte Ltd — McDonald's Corp   
  
Trade Marks and Trade Names – Registration – Registered owner of "McCAFE" mark
opposing application to register "MacCoffee" mark – Whether "MacCoffee" mark
similar to "McCAFE" mark – Whether goods specified for "MacCoffee" mark
similar to that for which "McCAFE" mark registered such that likelihood of
confusion existing on the part of public  
  
Trade Marks and Trade Names – Registration – Registered owner of "McCAFE" mark
opposing application to register "MacCoffee" mark – Whether rights conferred
by registration of "McCAFE" mark statutorily restricted and rendered
inoperative under opposition, invalidation and infringement provisions of
Trade Marks Act by reason of prior unregistered right to proprietorship of
"MacCoffee" mark – Sections 4(2), 8(7)(a), 23(3)(b), 28(2) Trade Marks Act
(Cap 332, 2005 Rev Ed)  
  

28 March 2007 |  Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Chan Sek Keong CJ (delivering the judgment of the court):

1 This is an appeal by Future Enterprises Pte Ltd (“the appellant”) against
the decision of Tay Yong Kwang J (“the trial judge”) dismissing its appeal
against the decision of the Principal Assistant Registrar of Trade Marks
(“PAR”) who allowed the opposition of McDonald’s Corporation (“the
respondent”) to the registration of the trade mark “MacCoffee” as a word mark
in Class 30 _for instant coffee mix_ by the appellant (see _Future Enterprises
Pte Ltd v McDonald’s Corporation_ [2005] SGIPOS 21).

2 Originally, the appellant’s application was to register the trade mark
“MacCoffee” in Class 30 for, among other things, coffee, tea, cocoa, coffee-
based beverages, artificial coffee, and cappuccino. The word mark was accepted
for registration and advertised. The respondent filed an opposition to the
application based on its prior registration of the trade mark “McCAFÉ”, also a
word mark, in Class 30 for, among other things, coffee, and coffee
substitutes. It was not disputed that the respondent had not, since its
registration, used the trade mark “McCAFÉ” in relation to the Class 30 goods
listed in its specification. At the opposition proceedings before the PAR, the
appellant indicated that it was prepared to restrict the class of goods to
“instant coffee mix”. The PAR upheld the opposition.

3 The trial judge affirmed the findings of the PAR that, (a) there were
sufficient visual, aural and conceptual similarities between the marks; (b)
the goods of the parties were similar if not identical; and (c) there was a
corresponding likelihood of confusion on the part of the public (see [2006] 4
SLR 629).

**Issues on appeal**

4 In this appeal, the issues to be determined are:

(a) whether the “MacCoffee” mark was similar to the “McCAFÉ” mark;

(b) whether the goods specified for the “MacCoffee” mark were similar to that
for which the “McCAFÉ” mark was registered such that a likelihood of confusion
would exist on the part of the public; and

(c) whether the rights conferred by the registration of the “McCAFÉ” mark were
statutorily restricted and rendered inoperative under the opposition provision
(s 8(7)(_a_)), the invalidation provision (s 23(3)(_b_)) and the infringement
provisions (ss 4(2) and 28(2)) of the Trade Marks Act (Cap 332, 2005 Rev Ed)
(“the Act”) (s 8(7)(_a_) was formerly s 8(4)(_a_) of the Trade Marks Act (Cap
332, 1999 Rev Ed)) by reason of the appellant’s prior unregistered right to
proprietorship of the “MacCoffee” mark for instant coffee mix.

**Our decision**

5 On issues (a) and (b), having regard to the general principles applicable to
appeals against findings of fact in trade mark applications, we see no reason
why we should disturb the dual findings of fact by the PAR and the trial judge
of similarity and likelihood of confusion between the two word marks
“MacCoffee” and “McCAFÉ”. In _Reef Trade Mark_ [2003] RPC 5, Robert Walker LJ
considered the function of an appellate tribunal in relation to appeals from
the UK Trade Mark Registry, and concluded (at [28]) that “an appellate court
should … show a real reluctance, but not the very highest degree of
reluctance, to interfere in the absence of a distinct and material error of
principle”. In _SC Prodal 94 SRL v Spirits International NV_ [2003] EWHC 2756
(Ch), Laddie J expressed the same sentiments (at [19]) as follows:

It is not the duty of this court to overturn a decision of the Trade Mark
Registry simply because it comes to the conclusion that it might have decided
the case differently had it, that is to say the High Court, been the court of
first instance. It has to be demonstrated that the decision at first instance
was wrong in a material way; that is to say there must be some significant
departure from a proper assessment of the law or the facts.

6 This prudent approach has been unequivocally endorsed in the recent case of
_Sunrider Corporation v Vitasoy International Holdings Ltd_ [2007] EWHC 37
(Ch) (at [10]). Such an approach is consistent with established principles
relating to appeals from tribunals that are not in the nature of a rehearing,
such as an appeal from a decision of the PAR.

7 The smorgasbord of trade mark cases which has reached the appellate courts
demonstrates the innumerable (and subjectively perceived) similarities and
differences that can be conjured up and persuasively articulated by an
imaginative and inventive legal mind. Expert and experienced judges, such as
Laddie J, have described trade mark infringement as “more a matter of feel
than science” (in _Wagamama Ltd v City Centre Restaurants plc_ [1995] FSR 713
at 732), and Chao Hick Tin JA (as he then was) similarly alluded to it as a
matter of “perception” (in _The Polo/Lauren Co, LP v Shop-In Department Store
Pte Ltd_ [2006] 2 SLR 690 at [35]). In the light of the highly subjective
nature of assessing similarity and the likelihood of confusion, we agree with
the approach that an appellate court should not disturb the findings of fact
of a trade mark tribunal unless there is a material error of principle.

8 In affirming the decision of the trial judge on grounds (a) and (b) for the
reasons given by him (see [3] above), we have taken into account the fact that
the appellant was already the registered proprietor of the “MacCoffee and
eagle device” (“the composite mark”) for goods in Class 30 which included
coffee and coffee-related products and that it had used the composite mark to
market its instant coffee mix for the last decade, principally abroad, and
recently in Singapore. In contrast, the present application involved the
registration of “MacCoffee” as a word mark without any other distinguishing or
distinctive feature. There was no evidence that the appellant had used the
word mark in marketing its instant coffee mix in Singapore.

**_Prior unregistered rights of trade mark proprietors_**

9 Counsel for the appellant has contended that issue (c) raises a novel point
of trade mark law in Singapore which was not canvassed before the trial judge.
Given that the issue engaged points of law arising from the effect of a number
of provisions in the Act and as counsel for the respondent was prepared to
argue the point, we allowed counsel for the appellant to argue it.

**_Statutory restriction of the respondent’s rights_**

10 The argument is founded on the appellant’s common law right to the
“MacCoffee” mark for instant coffee mix, alleged to have been acquired through
its use in Singapore. Such rights if any, are statutorily protected under the
Act. Counsel also argued that the appellant had acquired a similar right in
Singapore to the “MacCoffee” mark for instant coffee mix by virtue of its
international reputation for such products, primarily as a result of sales in
Russia and in several other East European countries. It was then argued that
the effect of such an acquired right is that the respondent is statutorily
restricted from asserting its registered “McCAFÉ” mark in opposition
proceedings by reason of the appellant’s earlier unregistered right to
proprietorship of the “MacCoffee” mark. It was contended that such restriction
should be taken into account for the purpose of rendering the “McCAFÉ” mark
inoperative under the opposition, invalidation and infringement provisions of
the Act in relation to the appellant’s unregistered mark.

11 Before discussing the merits of the appellant’s contentions, there is a
threshold question as to whether the appellant had in fact acquired the right
to the use of the unregistered “MacCoffee” mark for instant coffee mix. The
appellant relied on two arguments to establish this right. First, the
appellant argued that it had been selling instant coffee mix abroad and in
Singapore for many years, but principally abroad, and that it had extensively
advertised such sales, as confirmed by the documentary evidence produced. A
perusal of the documentary evidence revealed that the advertisements in
question related primarily to marketing efforts in Russia and other East
European countries, a substantial percentage of which highlighted the
composite mark rather than the word mark. Moreover, it is pertinent to note
that the appellant’s motivation for using the eagle device as part of its
marketing strategy was to convey the impression of a “sophisticated, western,
capitalistic ‘American’ taste”. In relation to its alleged use in Singapore,
we are of the view that the appellant’s adduced invoices are insufficient to
surmount the threshold of proving use of the word mark “MacCoffee” in relation
to instant coffee mix in Singapore during the material period so as to entitle
it to protection on the basis of prior use.

12 The second argument is based on the international reputation of the
“MacCoffee” mark stemming from its use in Russia and other East European
countries since 1995. In support of this argument, counsel referred us to the
decision in _Sprints Ltd v Comptroller of Customs (Mauritius)_ [2000] FSR 814
(“ _Sprints_ ”), a Privy Council appeal from Mauritius. In that case, there
was an opposition to an application for registration of the trade mark
“Chipie” for clothing. It was held that the opponent was entitled to claim
proprietorship of the trade mark through use in Mauritius on the basis that it
had used the mark extensively in other countries and that it had sent labels
bearing the mark to a garment manufacturer in Mauritius for attachment to
garments that were then exported for sale by the opponent in other countries.
The Privy Council held that although it was necessary for the opponent to
establish use of its trade mark in Mauritius, the length of use was
immaterial, especially in a case where the opponent was already using the
trade mark elsewhere in the world. In such a case, proprietorship of the mark
could be proved by minimal use in Mauritius.

13 Counsel for the appellant directed our attention to the following
observations of the Privy Council in _Sprints_ , at 822:

In order to create the risk of confusion there must essentially be a knowledge
on the part of the public of the mark with which the confusion may occur. In
many cases user may well be the means of establishing the reputation of the
mark in a particular country and at a period when international travel and
intercommunication was less intensive than it has now come to be user in the
locality would be the ordinary or even the only way of establishing the local
reputation. But [it] is essentially the reputation of the mark which will give
rise to possible confusion and in light of the growth in international
commerce and communication it may now be possible in the case of an
internationally established trade mark to proceed upon evidence of its
notoriety in a country even without any actual user of the mark there.

14 We do not disagree with this observation in relation to internationally
established marks. Indeed, Parliament amended the Act in 2004 to give better
protection to such marks by disallowing “squatters” from registering identical
or similar marks for the purpose of preventing the rightful owners from using
them in Singapore and exploiting the goodwill and reputation attached to such
marks: see the Second Reading speech of the Minister for Law on the Trade
Marks (Amendment) Bill in _Singapore Parliamentary Debates, Official Report_
(15 June 2004) vol 78 at col 108. However, we note that the current legal
requirements of “actual use” may need to be reconceptualised in the wake of
the Internet and the corresponding ubiquitous nature of online advertisements
and sales. It is not difficult to envision a future trade marks regime which
provides for and protects the inevitable increase in the use of trade marks
online as opposed to offline. The concept of the territoriality of a trade
mark is likely to be affected by its ubiquitous use online. Be that as it may,
the decision in _Sprints_ supports the respondent’s case rather than the
appellant’s case for three reasons. First, as we have stated, the sales
invoices exhibited by the appellant related largely to sales or advertising
overseas, with minimal evidence of local use related to that of the composite
mark. Secondly, considering the issue in a domestic context, the respondent’s
position is equivalent to that of the opponent in that case, except that the
respondent here is relying on an even stronger right, _viz_ , that of a
registered proprietor of the “McCAFÉ” word mark. Thirdly, the decision
typifies the nature and course of action which the appellant ought to have
taken pursuant to s 8(7)(_a_) of the Act, to oppose the initial registration
of the “McCAFÉ” mark on the basis of its alleged common law right to the
“MacCoffee” mark.

15 Reverting to counsel’s submission that the rights of the respondent in
relation to the “McCAFÉ” trade mark ought to be restricted by reason of the
appellant’s unregistered mark, counsel has referred to two sets of provisions
in the Act in support of his argument. They are (a) ss 8(7)(_a_) and
23(3)(_b_) and (b) ss 4(2) and 28(2). The first set of provisions entitles the
appellant to object to the registration (either by opposing registration or
invalidation) of the respondent’s “McCAFÉ” mark on the ground that it would
conflict with its earlier unregistered right to the proprietorship of the
“MacCoffee” mark for instant coffee mix. The second set of provisions provides
a good defence to any action for infringement by the respondent for the same
reason. Accordingly, the appellant argues that the effect of these statutory
restrictions is to render the respondent’s “McCAFÉ” mark inoperative under the
opposition, invalidation and infringement provisions of the Act. Counsel for
the appellant also pointed out that the respondent had not used the “McCAFÉ”
mark for coffee or coffee-related products, but only in relation to the
provision of services in its McDonald’s McCAFÉ restaurants.

16 In a nutshell, the appellant’s argument is that its common law right to use
the “MacCoffee” mark for instant coffee mix overrides the right of the
respondent as the registered proprietor of the “McCAFÉ” mark to oppose the
appellant’s registration of the “MacCoffee” mark for instant coffee mix. There
is, of course, a tension inherent in a system of law that recognises at the
same time both registered and unregistered interests or rights in property,
whether movable or immovable, such as in the law of property or, in this case,
the law of trade marks. However, notwithstanding its supposed novelty, the
argument has, in our view, no merit in the context of the legislative
framework of the Act in relation to the right to oppose registration of a
trade mark. Counsel for the appellant has argued that “it is only during
oppositions that the opportunity arises for the applicant to clarify its prior
unregistered rights against the opposition mark”.

17 We disagree. On the contrary, the Act affords ample opportunity for
proprietors of unregistered trade marks to do so. They need not fear that such
rights are unprotected by the Act or that registration destroys such rights,
as the Act duly contemplates and provides an avenue for proprietors of prior
unregistered rights to _oppose_ , _invalidate_ or even _revoke_ a subsequent
registration. In our view, the appellant’s argument that the existence of the
right, as the proprietor of an unregistered mark, to _oppose_ or _invalidate_
the registration of “McCAFÉ” on the basis of passing off, or to _defend_ an
action for infringement, disentitles the respondent from asserting its rights
as a registered proprietor of a similar mark in opposition proceedings, is
wholly misconceived. There is no basis for such a principle as it would render
incoherent the legislative framework for the protection of registered and
unregistered trade marks under the Act.

18 We consider the first set of provisions in the Act relied upon by the
appellant. The first section, s 8(7)(_a_), provides that “[a] trade mark shall
not be registered if, or to the extent that, its use in Singapore is liable to
be prevented by virtue of any rule of law (in particular, the law of passing
off) protecting an unregistered trade mark or other sign used in the course of
trade”. This provision, by its express terms, will apply typically in
opposition proceedings where the opponent is able to point to his common law
right to the trade mark in question. It can have no application to the
appellant, whose application is being opposed in the present case.

19 The second section, s 23(3)(_b_), provides that the registration of a trade
mark may be declared invalid on the ground that there is an earlier right in
relation to which the condition set out in s 8(7) is satisfied. This
provision, by its express terms, can only apply in invalidation proceedings in
respect of a registered trade mark. Again, this has no application to the
present case.

20 The second set of provisions consists of ss  4(2) and 28(2) of the Act. The
first section, s 4(2), provides that:

No proceedings shall lie to prevent or recover damages for the infringement of
an unregistered trade mark as such; but nothing in this Act shall affect the
law relating to passing off or rights under the Geographical Indications Act
(Cap. 117B).

The second section, s 28(2), provides that:

Notwithstanding section 27, a person does not infringe a registered trade mark
by using an unregistered trade mark that is identical with or similar to the
registered trade mark in relation to goods or services identical with or
similar to those for which the trade mark is registered if he, or he and his
predecessor in title, have continuously used in the course of trade the
unregistered trade mark in relation to those goods or services from a time
before —

(_a_) the date of registration of the registered trade mark; or

(b) the date the proprietor of the registered trade mark, or a predecessor in
title, or a person who was a registered user of the trade mark under the
repealed Act, first used the trade mark,

whichever is the earlier.

21 It is clear from the express terms of these two sections that they have
nothing whatsoever to do with opposition proceedings. Moreover, the mischief
to which these sections are directed, _ie_ , infringement by the appellant of
the respondent’s trade mark, has not arisen and is not in issue before us.

22 In determining the scope of the rights conferred by the system of
registration of trade marks, paramount consideration must be given to the
legislative framework and the clear and unambiguous wording of its provisions.
The Act provides for several distinct types of applications (_eg_ ,
opposition, infringement, invalidation, revocation) for good reason.
Construing the provisions to create a “defence” for unregistered marks on the
basis of prior use in opposition proceedings initiated by proprietors of
registered marks would undermine the rights conferred by registration. This
would be detrimental to conceptual clarity and militate against the statutory
objective of transparency and certainty sought to be achieved by a register of
trade marks.

23 Indeed, the presumption of validity upon registration provided by s 101 of
the Act (the register shall be _prima facie_ evidence of anything contained
therein) seeks precisely to avoid arguments of this nature. Grounds for the
invalidity of registration have been exhaustively set out in s 23 of the Act,
and must necessarily form the starting point for any challenge to the scope of
rights conferred by registration. The general structure and purpose of the Act
and the rights conferred by registration, in particular, the right to object
to the subsequent registration of a similar mark resulting in a likelihood of
confusion, cannot be allowed to be undermined.

24 The appropriate recourse for the appellant, if it alleges that the
respondent has contravened its prior existing right in the word mark,
“MacCoffee”, was either to (a) file a notice of _opposition_ to the
registration of “McCAFÉ” on the basis of its earlier right, pursuant to s
8(7)(_a_) of the Act; or (b) take out _invalidation_ proceedings for the
“McCAFÉ” mark on the basis of passing off, pursuant to s 23(3)(_b_) of the
Act. The first course is no longer available. The second course is still
available, but not by the side door as a “defence” to opposition proceedings
initiated by the respondent.

25 A trade mark, once registered, is valid for a period of ten years from the
date of registration (s 18 of the Act) and may be renewed for further periods
of ten years (s 19 of the Act). However, s 22(1) of the Act provides that a
registered trade mark may be _revoked_ if not put to genuine use within a
period of five years. Again, such a legislative provision is incompatible with
any claim by the appellant that the right of the respondent to oppose
registration on the basis of its registration of “McCAFÉ” has been restricted
by the appellant’s prior unregistered common law right to the trade mark
“MacCoffee”. It may be noted that the five-year validity period is soon to
expire. The remaining course of action for the appellant now is simply to wait
and see whether the respondent will use the “McCAFÉ” trade mark for instant
coffee mix before the expiry of that period. If not, it is open to the
appellant to take out revocation proceedings against the “McCAFÉ” trade mark
in Class 30 on the grounds aforementioned.

26 The final and most compelling argument against the appellant’s case is
that, taken to its logical conclusion, it would result in the Trade Marks
Register having two similar marks for the same kind of goods in Class 30,
which would be the very antithesis of the rationale for having a system of
registered rights.

**Conclusion**

27 We would accordingly dismiss the appeal with costs.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 28 Mar 2007 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

