Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Public Prosecutor v Mohammed Liton Mohammed Syeed Mallik  
[2007] SGCA 48

Case Number | : | Cr App 6/2007  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 31 October 2007  
Tribunal/Court | : | Court of Appeal  
Coram | : |  Kan Ting Chiu J; Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA; Tay Yong Kwang J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Jaswant Singh and Ong Siu Jin (Attorney-General's Chambers) for the appellant; S K Kumar (S K Kumar & Associates) for the respondent   
Parties | : |  Public Prosecutor — Mohammed Liton Mohammed Syeed Mallik   
  
Criminal Law – Offences – Criminal intimidation – Elements of criminal
intimidation – Whether evidence establishing that accused committed offences
of criminal intimidation – Sentencing principles for criminal intimidation –
Appropriate sentence to be imposed on facts of present case  
  
Criminal Law – Offences – Insulting modesty of woman – Sentencing principles
for insulting modesty of woman – Appropriate sentence to be imposed on facts
of present case  
  
Criminal Law – Offences – Property – Theft – Elements of theft – Whether
evidence establishing that accused committed theft  
  
Criminal Law – Offences – Rape – Elements of aggravated rape – Whether
evidence establishing that offender committed second instance of rape –
Whether evidence establishing that offender committed aggravated rape –
Sentencing principles for rape – Appropriate sentence to be imposed for rape
where there was prior relationship between parties  
  
Criminal Law – Offences – Unnatural offences – Carnal intercourse against
order of nature – Whether evidence establishing that offender committed second
instance of sodomy – Sentencing principles for sodomy – Appropriate sentence
to be imposed for sodomy where victim was non-consenting  
  
Criminal Procedure and Sentencing – Appeal – Acquittal – Principles governing
appellate interference with trial judge's conclusions based on findings of
fact  
  
Criminal Procedure and Sentencing – Sentencing – Appeals – Principles
governing appellate interference with trial judge's sentence imposed  
  
Criminal Procedure and Sentencing – Sentencing – Concurrent or consecutive
sentences – Principles governing imposition of concurrent or consecutive
sentences when offender convicted and sentenced to imprisonment for at least
three distinct offences  
  
Evidence – Witnesses – Corroboration – Whether corroboration required for
cases involving sexual offences – Principles governing identification of
corroborative evidence where corroboration was required  
  

31 October 2007 |   
---|---  
  
Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA (delivering the grounds of decision of the court):

**Introduction**

1 This was an appeal by the Public Prosecutor (“the appellant”) against both
the acquittal and sentence of Mohammed Liton Mohammed Syeed Mallik (“the
respondent”) in respect of eight charges which he faced in the High Court. The
charges were as follows:

(a) The first charge was for aggravated rape under s 376(2)(_b_) of the Penal
Code (Cap 224, 1985 Rev Ed) (“the first charge”).

(b) The second charge was for criminal intimidation (in pointing a knife at
the complainant with the intention to cause her alarm) under s 506 of the
Penal Code (“the second charge”).

(c) The third charge was for committing carnal intercourse against the order
of nature (in the form of sodomy) under s 377 of the Penal Code (“the third
charge”).

(d) The fourth charge was for insulting the complainant’s modesty under s 509
of the Penal Code by taking four photographs of her in the nude (“the fourth
charge”).

(e) The fifth charge was for criminal intimidation (in threatening to
distribute the above photographs (“the nude photographs”)) under s 506 of the
Penal Code (“the fifth charge”).

(f) The sixth charge was for rape under s 376(1) of the Penal Code (“the sixth
charge”).

(g) The seventh charge was for committing carnal intercourse against the order
of nature (likewise in the form of sodomy) under s 377 of the Penal Code (“the
seventh charge”).

(h) The eighth charge was for theft (of the complainant’s identity card, bank
card, and a pair of gold earring studs) under s 379 of the Penal Code (“the
eighth charge”).

2 At the end of the proceedings in the High Court, the trial judge found the
respondent guilty of the fourth, sixth and seventh charges and acquitted him
of the first, second, third, fifth and eighth charges (“the acquitted
charges”). The respondent was then sentenced to three months’ imprisonment on
the fourth charge, 18 months’ imprisonment on the sixth charge and two years’
imprisonment on the seventh charge. The sentences imposed on the sixth and
seventh charges were ordered to run concurrently so that the total sentence
imposed was two years and three months’ imprisonment with effect from 27
December 2005. As mentioned above (at [1]), these orders were appealed against
by the appellant.

3 At the end of the hearing before us, we unanimously allowed the appeal in
part. Specifically, in so far as the appeal against acquittal was concerned,
we dismissed the appeal in relation to the first, third and eighth charges.
However, we allowed the appeal against the second and fifth charges, and
sentenced the respondent to two months’ imprisonment on each of these charges.
In so far as the appeal against sentence was concerned, we dismissed the
appeal in relation to the fourth charge. However, the appeal in relation to
the sixth and seventh charges was allowed. We sentenced the respondent to six
years’ imprisonment and four strokes of the cane on the sixth charge and five
years’ imprisonment on the seventh charge. We ordered the sentences for the
fourth and sixth charges to run consecutively, with the rest of the sentences
to run concurrently with these two sentences, all with effect from 27 December
2005. The total sentence imposed on the respondent was therefore six years and
three months’ imprisonment and four strokes of the cane. We now give the
detailed grounds for our decision.

**Background to the proceedings**

4 The background to the proceedings before us was rather long-drawn and,
hence, some elaboration is both appropriate and necessary. There were, in
fact, two trials, the first of which (“the first trial”) was heard in
September and October 2006. The trial judge had, with respect, in his judgment
for the first trial ably and completely summarised the events which occurred
before and on the day of the alleged offences (see _PP v Mohammed Liton
Mohammed Syeed Mallik_ [2006] SGHC 191(“ _Mohammed Liton (No 1)_ ”) at
[4]–[28]), and we therefore gratefully adopt his version of the facts as
follows.

**Dramatis personae**

5 The respondent is a 29-year-old Bangladeshi national. He first came to
Singapore on 15 February 2004 and worked as a cleaner. Sometime in May 2005,
the respondent started work as a cleaner at the Bedok branch of Giant
Hypermarket (“Giant”). The complainant is 31 years old. She is currently a
housewife, but she previously worked at Giant. She has three children,
currently aged nine, six and two.

**_Events that occurred before the day of the alleged offences_**

6  It was alleged that the offences which led to the eight charges against the
respondent took place on the afternoon of 23 December 2005 at the respondent’s
flat at 174B Joo Chiat Place (“the flat”). The respondent and the complainant
were colleagues at Giant and became acquainted in May or June 2005. Sometime
in June 2005, the respondent and the complainant went to Mustafa Centre
together. This eventually led to sexual intercourse at a hotel nearby. After
this incident, they went to the same hotel almost every week to have sexual
intercourse. They usually did so after the complainant finished work at Giant.

7 In August 2005, the complainant initiated divorce proceedings against her
husband, and the respondent and the complainant made plans to marry once her
divorce had been finalised. According to the complainant, her relationship
with the respondent had nothing to do with her decision to divorce her
husband. Instead, at the first trial, the complainant testified that she had
decided thus because her husband did not have a proper job and was avoiding
his responsibility as breadwinner of the family.

8 In October 2005, the respondent’s work permit in Singapore expired. He
returned to Bangladesh on 12 October 2005. Both the respondent and the
complainant confirmed that on the morning of 12 October 2005, before the
respondent flew back to Bangladesh, the complainant visited him at the flat
and they had sexual intercourse there. According to the complainant, that was
the last time that they had sexual intercourse, although the respondent
testified at the first trial that they had sexual intercourse again on 6
December 2005. While the respondent was in Bangladesh, he and the complainant
kept in touch regularly by telephone and text messages.

9 The complainant could not leave for Bangladesh with the respondent on 12
October 2005 because her divorce proceedings were still ongoing. However,
before the respondent left for Bangladesh, he purchased a return air ticket
for the complainant so that she could join him there. The complainant also
applied for the requisite Bangladeshi visa so that she could travel to the
country. The departure date, as stated on the air ticket, was 18 November
2005, and the return date was 25 November 2005.

10 In the event, the complainant never made the trip. The complainant
testified that she told her mother of her intention to travel to Bangladesh to
meet a friend. Her mother did not like the idea and threatened to prevent the
complainant from ever seeing her children again if she went. At about the same
time, on 14 November 2005, the complainant attended a marital counselling
session with her husband. During this session, the complainant’s husband
pleaded with her to give him a second chance. She agreed to do so, and
resolved from that point on to put an end to her relationship with the
respondent. The complainant made a long-distance call to the respondent to
tell him of her decision. According to her, the respondent was angry and told
her that she should not change her mind about marrying him. This account was
denied by the respondent at the first trial, who maintained that their
relationship was still ongoing when he returned to Singapore.

11 According to the complainant, despite her resolution to end her
relationship with the respondent, she still helped him to get a visa to return
to Singapore in order to fulfil the promise that she had made to him before he
left for Bangladesh. Consequently, the respondent returned to Singapore on 12
December 2005. The complainant arrived at Changi Airport at 6.00am to pick him
up, and then dropped him off at the hotel where they used to have sexual
intercourse. After that, she went to work, arriving at Giant at 8.10am.
However, according to the respondent, he returned to Singapore on 6 December
2005 because the complainant had asked him to come back to marry her. She had
also asked him to bring money for the marriage, upon which he sold his
cultivatable land in Bangladesh for $5,000. By the respondent’s version of
events, the complainant picked him up from the airport on 6 December 2005 and
then went with him to their regular hotel. He and the complainant had
consensual sexual intercourse there before she left to go to work.

12 During the period from 12 December 2005 to 23 December 2005, the respondent
visited the workplace of the complainant almost every day, mostly during her
lunch time. The complainant testified at the first trial that she was not
happy about his doing so because she did not want her colleagues to know that
he was visiting her. The respondent also followed the complainant home after
work. However, according to the respondent, the complainant never told him not
to look for her at Giant. According to the complainant, the respondent was
pestering her because he wanted her to cancel the Bangladeshi visa that she
had applied for. The respondent was of the view that he would be penalised if
the complainant did not do so. However, the complainant did not have her
passport with her because her mother had hidden it. The complainant also
testified that the respondent wanted her to sign some documents that would
enable him to obtain employment in Singapore.

13 At the first trial, the complainant confirmed that on the occasions when
the respondent visited her at Giant during her lunch time, they went to a
nearby block of flats to chat. They hugged and kissed during these sessions,
but did not have sex. However, the complainant testified that there was one
occasion on or around 19 December 2005 when they went to a park near the Bedok
bus interchange, where she masturbated the respondent. This was confirmed by
the respondent, who said that the complainant was happy and that, in addition
to masturbating him, she had performed fellatio on him.

14 The complainant also testified that on 14 or 15 December 2005, she went
with the respondent to a neighbourhood police post to ask whether a police
report needed to be made before she could apply for a new passport. The police
officer informed them that a police report need not be made and gave the
complainant an application form to fill in. The complainant then submitted the
form to the Immigration and Checkpoints Authority (“ICA”). A few days after
the form was submitted (the respondent testified that this incident occurred
on 20 December 2005, but the complainant could not remember the exact date),
the complainant and the respondent went to the ICA in order to collect the
complainant’s new passport. There, the complainant was informed that she
needed to pay a sum of $100 because she had not made a police report. She had
only expected to pay $50 for the new passport. As a result, the complainant
did not collect her new passport. The respondent quarrelled with her over the
incident, which ended with a scuffle at the Lavender MRT station.

15 The complainant testified that the respondent contacted her on 22 December
2005 and asked her to go to the flat to meet his prospective employer in order
to sign some forms. The complainant said that she would try to make the trip
during her lunch hour, but, in the end, she was unable to do so on that day
and went the next day instead. However, according to the respondent, it was
the complainant who had called him on the evening of 22 December 2005 to
inform him that she would go to the flat the next day to fill up visa forms
and have sexual intercourse with him.

**_Events on 23 December 2005_**

16 On 23 December 2005, the complainant left Giant for the flat at around
1.00pm, and arrived at around 1.40pm. On that day, the complainant was wearing
a brown blouse with a polo T-shirt from Giant (“the Giant T-shirt”) over it.
She was wearing a black jacket over the Giant T-shirt, as well as a pair of
pants, socks and shoes.

17 The respondent met the complainant at the ground floor of the apartment
block in which the flat was located. When she asked him where his potential
employer was, he pointed towards the flat. The complainant then followed the
respondent up the stairs. When they arrived at the flat, the respondent
informed the complainant that his potential employer could not wait for her
and had left. The complainant sat on the floor and started filling in the
forms that the respondent produced. As the complainant was in a hurry, she
tried to fill in the forms as quickly as possible. The respondent was not
satisfied with her signature and became angry. This led to a quarrel between
them. At around this point, the respondent took the complainant’s mobile
telephone and wallet (containing her identity card and bank card) and threw it
aside. What happened subsequently was the subject of differing accounts by the
respondent and the complainant, respectively.

_The complainant’s version of events_

18 According to the complainant, the respondent then pulled out a knife, and
said, “You think I Bangla man, I come empty hand?” The complainant was scared,
and went towards the main door of the flat after filling up the forms. The
respondent ran after her, grabbed her, pushed her back into the room and
forced her to sit on the floor. At some point during this altercation, the
complainant tried to take the knife, but was unable to do so. The respondent
then tied the complainant’s hands behind her back with a piece of red cloth,
and used another piece of cloth to gag her. After tying up the complainant,
the respondent asked the complainant to lie on her back and proceeded to
remove her pants, shoes and socks. He then raped her, while telling her that
he wanted to ejaculate within her so that she would become pregnant and her
husband would reject her. However, the complainant managed to move her leg so
that the respondent ejaculated on her stomach instead. At around this time,
the respondent told her, “Today, you and I finish” and asked her to chant an
Arabic phrase that is usually used when someone has passed away. The
complainant was frightened as she believed that the respondent wanted to kill
her. The respondent also tried to kiss the complainant at some point during
the rape, but was unable to do so as the complainant was gagged. He thus
removed the gag, and she let him kiss her. The complainant then heard the
respondent saying “backside”. He turned her around and sodomised her.
According to the complainant, she had never had anal sex with the respondent
before, although he had requested it. The complainant stated that she felt a
sharp pain and the sodomy continued for about a minute. The respondent
ejaculated on the complainant’s body, after which he used a piece of tissue to
wipe off his semen and clean her anus. The complainant observed that there was
blood on the tissue.

19 Having raped and sodomised the complainant, the respondent then took a
knife to make a cut in her brown blouse, which he accessed from the top of the
Giant T-shirt. He tore open the brown blouse, but there was no damage to the
Giant T-shirt. He also made cuts in the complainant’s bra. The respondent
removed the cloth that was being used to tie up the complainant’s hands, and
then removed all her clothes in order to take pictures of her using the camera
in his mobile telephone. The respondent told the complainant that he wanted to
take photographs of her so that he could show them to all the Malay men at her
workplace.

20 Although the complainant’s hands were free, she was still scared, and thus
complied when the respondent made her lie down and put his hands on her throat
so that she could not talk. The respondent raped the complainant a second
time, and then sodomised her once again. At some point, the respondent asked
the complainant why the sex was not as good as usual. The complainant
testified that her answer to him was, “maybe because I [am] scared and [you
are] angry”. The complainant also revealed for the first time in cross-
examination that she had _consensual_ sex with the respondent after the two
incidents of rape and the two incidents of sodomy. She did so because she
thought that if she gave him sexual intercourse willingly, he would let her
go. He also pulled her hair to indicate that he wanted her to perform fellatio
on him, which she duly did.

21 Following the episodes of rape and sodomy, the respondent watched a
pornographic video on the television, and then took the complainant’s gold
earring studs from her. He told the complainant that if his sister, who lived
in Bangladesh, could not use gold, she too could not use gold. The respondent
also told her that she could not think of going back to work. At around this
time, the complainant began to feel nauseous. The respondent went to the
kitchen in the flat to prepare some food, which he tried to feed the
complainant. The complainant could not eat, and spat the food out. The
respondent then asked her if she wanted to make a telephone call to anybody
because he was going to kill her. When the complainant turned on her mobile
telephone, she received calls and text messages from her colleagues, including
a message from one P P Jayaprabu a/l Palakastin (“Jayaprabu”). The respondent
asked the complainant to inform Jayaprabu that she would not be returning to
work. However, the complainant sent Jayaprabu the following text message in
the Malay language instead:

Tolong aku Jaya. Suruh tukang sapu panggil sembilan sembilan dtg umah tukang
sapu. Aku kene culik. Tolon.

According to the complainant, “Tolong aku Jaya” could be translated into “Help
me, Jaya”, while “suruh tukang sapu” meant “the cleaner to call police to come
to the cleaner’s house”. “Aku kene culik” meant “I was taken hostage”, while
the last word “Tolon” meant “help”. Jayaprabu confirmed in court at the first
trial that he had received this text message, which was also retrieved from
his mobile telephone. Forensic examination revealed that Jayaprabu had
received the message at 6.05pm on 23 December 2005. The complainant testified
that Jayaprabu had sent her a text message to confirm that she had been
referring to the cleaner’s house. Jayaprabu confirmed in court that he had
sent a text message to the complainant with the following Malay text:

Panggil 77 to panggil polis kepeda 77 house

This can be translated into “call 77 to call police to 77 house”. The victim
replied with the word “ye”, which Jayaprabu understood to mean “yes”.

22 The respondent saw the text message sent by Jayaprabu, and realised that
the complainant had called for help. He asked her to get dressed, telling her
that he wanted to take her to Boon Lay. She complied, putting on her panties,
black jacket and pants. Although the complainant had her mobile telephone with
her, she could not find her wallet and gold earring studs. The respondent
threw the torn blouse and bra into the rubbish bin in the kitchen, and he had
the Giant T-shirt in his hand. They left the flat together. The complainant
had the impression that it was about 4.00 or 5.00pm by then, as it was already
getting dark. Upon reaching the ground level, the complainant ran away from
the respondent and sought help from passers-by. The passers-by offered to
bring her to the nearest police station, but she chose to wait for Jayaprabu
instead. By this time, the respondent had fled. Subsequently, the
complainant’s colleagues arrived, as did the police. The complainant was then
taken to a hospital for a medical checkup.

23 While the complainant was being interviewed by the police, the respondent
contacted her to tell her not to cancel his visa so that he could return to
Bangladesh. The complainant told the respondent that she needed her identity
card and bank card. She informed the investigation officer, Amos Tang (“IO
Tang”), who then instructed her to arrange a meeting with the respondent on
the pretext of getting her identity card and bank card back from him. This
meeting was arranged to take place on 25 December 2005 at Mustafa Centre. On
the morning of 25 December 2005, before the meeting at Mustafa Centre, the
complainant received several text messages from the respondent asking for
forgiveness and pleading with her not to go to the police. Later on the same
day, the respondent was arrested when he arrived at the appointed place and
time.

_Therespondent’s version of events_

24 According to the respondent, when the complainant arrived at the flat on 23
December 2005, she gave him her identity card, bank card and her earring
studs. He kept these items in his wallet. The complainant was feeling very hot
inside the flat, and therefore took off her jacket and the Giant T-shirt. She
placed these articles of clothing on the bed. She then sat cross-legged on the
floor, and the respondent took out the visa application forms from his bag and
gave them to her. At that time, the complainant had her mobile telephone with
her, but it was switched off. While the complainant was filling up the
application forms, the pair had an argument. The respondent asked the
complainant if she was really going to Bangladesh with him. He wanted to make
sure that she would make the trip this time. Upon hearing this, the
complainant slapped the respondent on his face, and told him that she had not
cheated or lied to him. It was her mother who had taken her passport away. The
respondent then told her:

You don’t know my problem because last time, you know my problem, now you
don’t know problem because your heart inside rubbish jam already.

The complainant replied that it was the respondent who did not understand her
problems, and that his heart was also full of “rubbish jam”. She said that he
should wash his heart. She then grabbed a knife which was nearby and attempted
to cut the shirt that he was wearing. The respondent did not allow her to do
so, and snatched the knife away from her. The respondent then cut open the
complainant’s brown blouse so that she could wash her heart. He made the cut
from top to bottom, and accidentally cut her bra in the process.

25 According to the respondent, the complainant then tried to take the knife
from him. He resisted by grabbing her hands with his, and then tying her hands
behind her back. When the complainant agreed that she would not take the
knife, the respondent untied her. After this incident, the complainant watched
some television. She told the respondent, “I got to go home early. It is late.
So please come and have our intercourse.” The respondent and the complainant
then had sexual intercourse on the carpeted floor, with him on top, and he
ejaculated on her belly, as had been their practice. The complainant
complained that the carpet surface was very rough. The respondent laid a towel
on the floor, and the pair had sexual intercourse two further times that
afternoon. The complainant also performed fellatio on the respondent. The
respondent testified that the entire sexual encounter lasted for about two
hours.

26 The complainant then wanted to leave the flat, and put on her jacket,
pants, socks and shoes. She threw the cut blouse and bra into the rubbish bin
in the kitchen of the flat and carried the Giant T-shirt in her hand. The
respondent and the complainant left the flat together. When they reached the
ground floor, the complainant told the respondent that she had to leave
quickly. The respondent thus left the complainant and hailed a taxi from the
nearby coffee shop as he wanted to go to Mustafa Centre. The respondent
testified that on 25 December 2005, he went to meet the complainant at Mustafa
Centre because the latter wanted her identity card, bank card and earring
studs to be returned to her. He was arrested there. He also testified in
cross-examination at the first trial that he had been informed by his friend
on the night of 23 December 2005 that the complainant had made a police report
against him and that the police had gone to the flat.

27 Other than the complainant and the respondent, the only other material
witness at the first trial was Jayaprabu, who worked as a cashier at Giant and
was the complainant’s colleague. In addition to the evidence from Jayaprabu
already noted above (at [21]), Jayaprabu also testified that upon receiving
the complainant’s text message asking for help, he went to his store manager,
Tan Wee Boon, to discuss the matter. Jayaprabu, Tan Wee Boon and two other
colleagues then took a taxi to the flat. Jayaprabu testified that when they
arrived, the complainant was crying and looked very lost.

**_The first trial_**

28 As mentioned earlier (at [4]), the first trial took place in September and
October 2006. In the midst of the first trial, the respondent challenged the
admissibility of a statement marked as “P73” which he had made to the police
under s 121 of the Criminal Procedure Code (Cap 68, 1985 Rev Ed) (“the CPC”)
on 25 December 2005. The respondent claimed that the statement was involuntary
as it had been made under threat of physical harm. Accordingly, the trial
judge conducted a trial-within-a-trial to determine the admissibility of P73.
By the end of the _voir dire_ , the trial judge was not satisfied that the
Prosecution (_ie_ , the appellant) had proved beyond reasonable doubt that the
statement was a voluntary one and accordingly excluded P73 from the evidence
admitted (see _Mohammed Liton (No 1)_ ([4] _supra_) at [32]). Following this
decision, the trial judge proceeded with the main trial and subsequently made
the orders which were the subject of the present appeal before us (see [2]
above). As already mentioned, the trial judge’s decision in the first trial
can be found at _Mohammed Liton (No 1)_ ([4] _supra)_.

**_Appeal from the first trial_**

29 The Public Prosecutor then appealed against the trial judge’s decision on
both acquittal and sentence to this court in Criminal Appeal No 10 of 2006. We
heard this appeal in February 2007 and decided that P73 had been wrongly
excluded by the trial judge as, on the evidence, it had in fact been made
voluntarily. We then remitted the case to the trial judge for reconsideration
of his decision made in the first trial, taking P73 into account.

**_The second trial_**

30 The trial judge heard the case again in March 2007 (“the second trial”),
with P73 admitted into the evidence. By the end of the second trial, he was
not persuaded by P73 that “the complainant’s evidence had been bolstered to
merit a change of view” (see _PP v Mohammed Liton Mohammed Syeed Mallik_
[2007] SGHC 47 (“ _Mohammed Liton (No 2)_ ”) at [1]), and upheld his orders
made in the first trial. The appellant thereafter appealed against the trial
judge’s decision, leading to the present appeal before us. We will now deal
with the broad issues of acquittal and sentence separately.

**The appeal against acquittal**

31 Before we deal with the specific charges being appealed against in respect
of the broad issue of acquittal, it would be useful to first set out the
general legal principles that are applicable.

**_Applicable legal principles_**

_Principles of reappraisal_

32 First, it is established law that an appellate court will not disturb the
findings of fact of the trial judge unless they are clearly arrived at against
the weight of the evidence. In _Jagatheesan s/o Krishnasamy_ _v PP_ [2006] 4
SLR 45 (“ _Jagatheesan_ ”) at [34]–[38], V K Rajah J (as he then was)
summarised the position thus:

34 … In _Yap Giau Beng Terence v PP_ [1998] 3 SLR 656 (“ _Terence Yap_ ”) Yong
Pung How CJ noted at [24]:

It is trite law that _an appellate court should be slow to overturn the trial
judge’s findings of fact, especially where they hinge on the trial judge’s
assessment of credibility and veracity of witnesses, unless they can be shown
to be plainly wrong or against the weight of the evidence_. [emphasis added]

…

37 That said, it must be noted that the position apropos the proper inferences
to be drawn from findings of fact is quite different. Yong Pung How CJ in
_Terence Yap_ observed in this context (at [24]):

[W]hen it comes to inferences of facts to be drawn from the actual findings
which have been ascertained, a different approach will be taken. In such
cases, it is again trite law that an appellate judge is as competent as any
trial judge to draw any necessary inferences of fact from the circumstances of
the case.

38 **_In short, intervention by an appellate court is justified when the
inferences drawn by a trial district judge are not supported by the primary or
objective evidence on record_** …

[original emphasis in italics; emphasis added in bold italics]

This was most recently reiterated by V K Rajah JA in _Sakthivel Punithavathi v
PP_ [2007] 2 SLR 983 (“ _Sakthivel Punithavathi_ ”).

33 Given that the acquittals in this case by the trial judge were based
largely on findings of fact as opposed to questions of law, this court should
be slow to disturb the trial judge’s conclusions. It needs only to be
clarified that these principles apply equally to an appeal from an acquittal
as they do to an appeal from a conviction: see _Sheo Swarup v King-Emperor_
(1934) LR 61 IA 398, a decision of the Privy Council. In both instances alike,
the appellate court, exercising the same powers, may reverse an order of
acquittal or conviction (as the case may be) based on factual findings if
these findings are against the weight of evidence or if the trial judge
misdirected himself as to the law: see, for example, _Public Prosecutor v
Selvarajoo a/l Ramachandran_ [2005] 5 MLJ 282 at [23]. The only possible
difference, as Prof Tan Yock Lin notes in _Criminal Procedure_ (LexisNexis,
2007) (at p XIX–151), is that in the former scenario, the appellate court
should bear in mind that the accused does not, in so far as the essential
elements of the offence are concerned, bear any burden of proof for the
purpose of determining whether or not the acquittal is against the weight of
the evidence.

_Burden and standard of proof_

34 Secondly, in relation to the requisite burden of proof, it needs no
reminding that the burden lies squarely with the Prosecution to prove the
accused person’s guilt beyond a reasonable doubt. As Rajah JA said in
_Sakthivel Punithavathi_ ([32] _supra_ at [78]):

Whatever is thought about the myriad objectives of criminal punishment, one
fundamental principle has been hailed as a cornerstone both at common law and
in the Evidence Act (Cap 97, 1997 Rev Ed): before an accused person can be
convicted of a crime, his guilt must be proved beyond a reasonable doubt. This
bedrock principle is sacrosanct in our criminal justice system and constitutes
a fundamental right that the courts in Singapore have consistently emphasised
and upheld as a necessary prerequisite for any legitimate and sustainable
conviction: see, for example, _Jagatheesan_ [[32] _supra_]; _Took Leng How v
PP_ [2006] 2 SLR 70.

Indeed, the trial judge also alluded to this important principle in his
judgment in respect of the second trial (see _Mohammed Liton (No 2)_ ([30]
_supra_)). At [4] of that judgment, he stated that:

Unlike civil cases, where the court may choose between two competing stories
and accept the one on a balance of probabilities, that is to say, accepting
that version because it seemed more plausible than the other, in a criminal
case, there is an important norm to be taken into account at all times – that
where there is a reasonable doubt, that doubt must be resolved in favour of
the accused. _It is inherent [in] the requirement that the prosecution proves
its case beyond reasonable doubt._ [emphasis added]

35 As to what proof “beyond a reasonable doubt” (_per_ Rajah JA in _Sakthivel
Punithavathi_ ([32] _supra_) at [78]) means, we would also endorse the
definition accepted by him in _Jagatheesan_ ([32] _supra_ at [55]), _viz_ ,
the description of “reasonable doubt” as “ _reasoned_ doubt” [emphasis in
original] – which in turn mandates that all doubt, for which there is a reason
relatable to and supported by the evidence presented, be taken into account in
favour of the accused. Reasonable doubt might also arise by virtue of the lack
of evidence submitted, if such evidence is necessary to support the
Prosecution’s theory of guilt: see _Jagatheesan_ at [61]. Indeed, the trial
judge also similarly referred to such a meaning of the standard of “beyond a
reasonable doubt” in his judgment in respect of the second trial (see
_Mohammed Liton (No 2)_ ([30] _supra_ at [4])):

What this means is that unlike a civil case, the court’s verdict might not
merely be determined on the basis that as between the two competing stories,
which version was the more plausible one. In a criminal case, the court may
find ... the complainant’s story to be more probable than that of the accused
person’s version, and yet, be convinced that there is a reasonable possibility
that the accused person’s story could be true. If that were the case, the
court’s duty is to acquit. Unlike a civil case, the court need not make a
decision by concentrating on which of the two versions was more probable. In
the criminal trial the court must remind itself to break from any habitual
inclination to contemplate the question of the burden of proof on the basis of
a civil case, and instead, ask itself whether there was a reasonable
possibility that the accused person’s version was true.

36 On this basis, and since this was essentially a case concerning sexual
offences in which the complainant’s word was pitted against the respondent’s
word, it remains to be considered whether corroborative evidence was required
and, if so, whether this requirement was fulfilled by the evidence adduced by
the appellant to prove the respondent’s guilt in respect of each of the
acquitted charges beyond a reasonable doubt. Again, before we turn to the
specific charges, it would be useful to first state the applicable principles
in relation to corroboration.

_Corroboration_

(1) Whether corroboration was required

37 The rule as to corroboration in so far as sexual offences are concerned was
laid down in the local context in the Singapore High Court decision of _Khoo
Kwoon Hain v PP_ [1995] 2 SLR 767(“ _Khoo Kwoon Hain_ ”), where Yong Pung How
CJ held that while there was no rule of law in this country that in sexual
offences, the evidence of the complainant must be corroborated, it was
nonetheless unsafe to convict in cases of this kind unless the evidence of the
complainant was “unusually convincing” (_Khoo Kwoon Hain_ at 777, [50]; see
also _Tang Kin Seng v PP_ [1997] 1 SLR 46 (“ _Tang Kin Seng_ ”) at [43] (where
the phrase “unusually compelling” was used); _Soh Yang Tick v PP_ [1998] 2 SLR
42 (“ _Soh Yang Tick_ ”) at [33]; _Kwan Peng Hong v PP_ [2000] 4 SLR 96 (“
_Kwan Peng Hong_ ”) at [33] (where the phrase “unusually compelling or
convincing” was used); and _Chng Yew Chin v PP_ [2006] 4 SLR 124 (“ _Chng Yew
Chin_ ”) at [33]). Further, in _Tang Kin Seng_ , Yong CJ clarified (at [43])
that this did not amount to a legal requirement for a judge to warn himself
_expressly_ of the danger of convicting on the uncorroborated evidence of a
complainant in a case involving a sexual offence (see also _Kwan Peng Hong_ at
[33]).

38 As to what “unusually convincing” means, Yong CJ, in _Teo Keng Pong v PP_
[1996] 3 SLR 329, clarified (at 340, [73]) that this simply meant that the
witness’s testimony must be “so convincing that the prosecution’s case was
proven beyond reasonable doubt, solely on the basis of the evidence” (see also
_Lee Kwang Peng v PP_ [1997] 3 SLR 278 (“ _Lee Kwang Peng_ ”) at [69]–[70] and
_Kwan Peng Hong_ ([37] _supra_) at [33]). Rajah J in _Chng Yew Chin_ ([37]
_supra_) also adopted this meaning, holding thus (at [33]):

In this context, _dicta_ in case law abound cautioning judges to scrutinise
the evidence before them with a fine-tooth comb, given both the ease with
which allegations of sexual assault may be fabricated and the concomitant
difficulty of rebutting such allegations: _Ng Kwee Piow v Regina_ [1960] MLJ
278. Therefore, it is necessary that the testimony of such complainants be
“unusually convincing”, which is to say, _it must be sufficient to establish
guilt beyond reasonable doubt_ : _Teo Keng Pong v PP_ [1996] 3 SLR 329 at 340,
[73]. [emphasis added]

39 Given that the standard of proof required in a criminal case is already
that of “beyond a reasonable doubt” (see [34]–[35] above), the expression
“unusually compelling” must mean something more than a mere restatement of the
requisite standard of proof. Indeed, Prof Michael Hor notes, in
“Corroboration: Rules and Discretion in the Search for Truth” [2000] SJLS 509
at 531, that the expression must clearly mean something apart from the
standard of proof. If, in fact, one scrutinises closely the observations of
Rajah J in _Chng Yew Chin_ ([37] _supra_) quoted in the preceding paragraph,
it will be seen that the true emphasis is not on the standard of proof in the
abstract, but, rather, on the _sufficiency_ of the complainant’s testimony. By
its very nature, the inquiry is a _factual_ one. It is also a question of
_judgment_ on the part of the trial judge that is _inextricably linked_ to the
_high_ standard of proof, _ie_ , “beyond a reasonable doubt”. In our view,
therefore, the “extra something” implied by the word “unusually” must refer to
the need for the trial judge to be aware of the dangers of convicting solely
on the complainant’s testimony as well as of the importance of convicting only
on testimony that, when weighed against the overall backdrop of the available
facts and circumstances, contains that ring of truth which leaves the court
satisfied that no reasonable doubt exists in favour of the accused. Since a
mandatory warning from the judge to himself is not required, the implication
is that the appellate courts will scrutinise the trial judge’s grounds of
decision to see whether the trial judge was indeed aware of the danger of
convicting on the bare word of the complainant as well as whether the quality
of the testimony itself was consistent with the high standard of proof beyond
a reasonable doubt.

40 In the present case, a definitive ruling on the meaning of the expression
“unusually compelling” is not strictly necessary since the trial judge
implicitly found that corroboration was required. In _Mohammed Liton (No 1)_
([4] _supra_), the trial judge held (at [36]) that:

However, from the testimonies, and given the _small measure of corroboration_
in the cautioned statements of the accused, I am satisfied that, in so far as
the sexual offences were concerned, the Prosecution has proved that the
accused had raped the complainant and also sodomised her. [emphasis added]

In our view, this was an implicit finding by the trial judge that
corroboration was necessary, presumably because the complainant’s evidence was
not “unusually compelling”. In this respect, the Singapore High Court has held
that an appellate court will not readily overturn a trial court’s finding that
corroboration was _not_ required: see _Chen Jian Wei v PP_ [2002] 2 SLR 255 at
[34], where Yong CJ observed that a trial judge who had had the benefit of
observing the demeanour and conduct of a child witness would be in a far
better position than an appellate court to decide if corroboration was
required in the circumstances of the case (although he decided, based on the
actual facts of that particular case, that the trial judge erred in not
requiring corroboration of the child witness’s testimony). The same
considerations must apply when the trial judge has found that corroboration
_was_ required. Accordingly, we were of the view that, in this case,
corroboration was required in respect of the complainant’s evidence before
conviction of the respondent in respect of the acquitted charges could be
secured. Indeed, both the appellant and the respondent proceeded in their
submissions on the basis that corroboration was required.

(2) The approach in identifying corroborative evidence

41 _Tang Kin Seng_ ([37] _supra_) lays down the approach in identifying the
requisite corroborative evidence (see also _Kwang Peng Hong_ ([37] _supra_)).
Under this approach, the trial judge should first identify the aspect of the
evidence which is not so convincing. The trial judge should then look for
supporting evidence and ask whether, in taking the weak evidence together with
the supporting evidence, he is convinced that the Prosecution’s case is proved
beyond reasonable doubt.

42 As to what can amount to corroborative evidence, the Evidence Act (Cap 97,
1997 Rev Ed) did not, at its inception, provide a definition of corroboration
and still does not do so. However, by virtue of s 2(2), the common law is
imported into the Evidence Act unless it is inconsistent with the Act’s tenor
and provisions. There is thus legal justification for the judicial adoption of
the common law definition of corroboration laid down in the oft-cited English
decision of _R v Baskerville_ [1916] 2 KB 658 at 667, _ie_ , independent
evidence implicating the accused in a material particular.

43 However, it is clear that the _Baskerville_ standard (as set out in the
preceding paragraph) does not apply in its strict form in Singapore since Yong
CJ, in _Tang Kin Seng_ ([37] _supra_), advocated a liberal approach in
determining whether a particular piece of evidence can amount to
corroboration. This is so, notwithstanding Yong CJ’s _apparent_ allusion to
the whole or part of the _Baskerville_ standard in _B v PP_ [2003] 1 SLR 400
(at [27]); _Lee Kwang Peng_ ([38] _supra_) at [71]; and _Kwan Peng Hong_ ([37]
_supra_) at [37] as being “essential” in nature. In our view, to adopt a
stringent definition of what constitutes corroborative evidence goes against
the liberal approach which Yong CJ himself alluded to as a broad _principle of
law_ in the other cases. In _Kwan Peng Hong_ (at [36]), Yong CJ held that our
courts “have left behind a technical and inflexible approach to corroboration
and its definition”, and alluded to similar pronouncements in _Tang Kin Seng_
(at [53]–[68]) and _Soh Yang Tick_ ([37] _supra_ at [43]). The principle of
law which emerges from these cases is that the _local_ approach to locating
corroborative evidence is _liberal_ , thus ensuring that the trial judge has
the necessary flexibility to treat relevant evidence as corroborative. What is
important is the substance as well as the relevance of the evidence, and
whether it is supportive or confirmative of the weak evidence which it is
meant to corroborate.

44 With these general legal principles in mind, we now consider the specific
appeals against each of the acquitted charges _seriatim_.

**_The first charge (aggravated rape)_**

_Elements of the offence_

45 With respect to the first charge of aggravated rape, the elements of the
offence are provided in s 376(2)(_b_) of the Penal Code:

**Punishment for rape**

**376.**

...

(2) Whoever, in order to commit or to facilitate the commission of an offence
of rape against any woman —

…

(_b_) _puts her in fear of death or hurt to herself or any other person_ ,

and whoever commits rape by having sexual intercourse with a woman under 14
years of age without her consent, shall be punished with imprisonment for a
term of not less than 8 years and not more than 20 years and shall also be
punished with caning with not less than 12 strokes.

[emphasis added]

A helpful interpretation of s 376(2)(_b_) was provided by Tay Yong Kwang JC
(as he then was) in _PP v MU_ [1999] SGHC 107 (“ _MU_ ”), where he stated (at
[125]) that the elements which the Prosecution had to prove under this
subsection were as follows:

(a) Sexual intercourse took place between the accused and the complainant.

(b) The complainant did not consent.

(c) In order to facilitate the commission of the offence, the accused put the
complainant in fear of hurt to herself.

46 Since the trial judge had already convicted the respondent of a _separate_
charge of rape _simpliciter_ under s 376(1) of the Penal Code (_ie_ , the
sixth charge), a subsequent conviction of the respondent under the first
charge of aggravated rape would imply the occurrence of a _second_ instance of
rape. As such, it was necessary for us to consider whether the evidence
supported the allegation of a _second_ instance of rape. If it did not, it
meant either that the respondent should be acquitted of the first charge (as
the trial judge held) _or_ , if the only instance of rape as revealed by the
evidence was shown to be aggravated in nature, that he be acquitted of the
first charge and the sixth charge (of which he has already been convicted)
amended to reflect a charge of aggravated rape as opposed to rape
_simpliciter_. Only after this preliminary question was decided could we turn
our attention to the _nature_ of the alleged incident of rape, _viz_ , whether
it was aggravated or not.

_Whether there was a second instance of rape_

47 In our view, the evidence did _not_ support the allegation of a _second_
instance of rape as the complainant’s _own evidence_ in respect of this second
instance of rape was inconsistent, to say the least. In the complainant’s
evidence-in-chief at the first trial, she testified that the respondent had
raped and sodomised her “a second time” (see the certified transcript of the
notes of evidence (“ _Official Transcript_ ”) for 11 September 2006 at p 418).
In cross-examination, the complainant, for the first time, testified that
after the _two_ alleged instances of rape and sodomy, she “went on top” of the
respondent and had sex with him in that position _willingly_ , thinking that
if she gave in to him willingly, he would let her go (_Official Transcript_
for 12 September 2006 at p 537). However, later in the cross-examination, the
complainant testified that the consensual sex had taken place just after the
_first_ episode of rape and sodomy. She said that after she went on top of him
to have sex, the respondent wanted to “[go] on top of [her]”. She told him
that the floor was very rough, and this was when the respondent took out a
yellow towel, on which the complainant laid, and they had sex again. This,
according to the complainant, was the _second_ rape (_Official Transcript_ for
12 September 2006 at p 539). As would be appreciated, the sequence of events
between these two accounts in the _same_ cross-examination was wholly
inconsistent: in the earlier account, the alleged second instance of rape took
place _before_ the instance of consensual sex between the complainant and the
respondent, whereas, in the later account, the alleged second instance of rape
took place _after_ the said consensual sex.

48 These were not the only inconsistencies in the complainant’s testimony.
When the complainant was interviewed by Staff Sergeant Lee Chen Hooi (“PW14”)
at about 8.35pm on 23 December 2005, she told him that she had been raped and
sodomised “two times”. During cross-examination, PW14 clarified that the
complainant meant that she had been raped _once and then_ sodomised _once_
(_Official Transcript_ for 4 September 2006 at p 78). This account, which was
taken soon after the alleged offences, clearly made no mention whatsoever of a
_second_ instance of rape.

49 In our view, these inconsistencies meant that the complainant’s evidence in
respect of the alleged second instance of rape could not, without the
requisite corroborative evidence, secure a conviction against the respondent
in respect of such an offence, whether aggravated or not. Indeed, we could not
find any corroborative evidence. Reasonable doubts still existed due to the
complainant’s own inconsistent accounts of the material events. While
immaterial inconsistencies will not harm the strength of the complainant’s
evidence (see, for example, _Chng Yew Chin_ ([37] _supra_ at [34])), the
inconsistencies with respect to the alleged second instance of rape were
material since they related to the very ingredients of the charge itself.
Accordingly, we were of the view that the evidence did not support a second
charge of rape under s 376(1) of the Penal Code _beyond a reasonable doubt_ ,
a threshold which the appellant had to cross (but failed to do).

_Whether the single instance of rape was aggravated rape_

50 Although the evidence clearly revealed only _one_ instance of rape, this
was still inadequate to dispose of the appeal in relation of the first charge.
As alluded to earlier (at [46]), we still had to decide whether that single
instance of rape was aggravated in view of the possibility of acquitting the
respondent of the first charge but amending the sixth charge (of which the
respondent has already been convicted) to reflect a charge of aggravated rape
as opposed to rape _simpliciter_ , if the evidence revealed the commission of
_aggravated_ rape.

51 Of the three elements of an offence of aggravated rape listed by Tay JC in
_MU_ ([45] _supra_), the one which necessitated consideration in the present
case was element (c), _viz_ , whether, in order to facilitate the commission
of the offence, the respondent put the complainant in fear of hurt to herself.
In particular, this requirement implies that there must be a sufficient nexus
between the act which put the complainant in fear and the rape itself. The
evidence revealed that the respondent, among other things, pointed a knife at
the complainant before tying and gagging her. This was clear from a perusal of
P73, read with a further statement given by the respondent (marked as “P80”)
under s 121 of the CPC on 29 December 2005, which was a continuation of P73.
It would be useful to set out the relevant parts of P73 at this juncture:

11 On 23rd December 2005, [the complainant] arrived at my house at about 1.30
pm, she asked me where my boss was and I told her that my boss ha[d] not come
yet. I then asked her to follow me to another friend[’s] room which was not
locked to sign the guarantor form[,] which she complied [with]. Inside the
room, we sat on the floor and [the complainant] started to fill in the form.
She told me that she was rushing for time and I got very angry as I found her
to be very rude towards me. She was not like that previously. _I took a knife
which I saw beside me and pointed at her. [The complainant] then continued to
write [on] the form and I put the knife beside me._ When [the complainant]
finished writing [on] the form, she threw the form and walk[ed] out of the
room. _When she was trying to open the main door, I held her arms and pushed
her back to the room._ _Inside the room I pushed her onto the floor. She then
grabbed the knife and I managed to grab it back from her._ She then started
screaming. I told her to talk nicely and do not [_sic_] scream but she
refuse[d] to listen to me. I was worried that someone might hear her scream so
I took a red-colour [_sic_] which was hanging on the side of the bed and
gagged her mouth. After I gagged her mouth I also used another red cloth to
tie her hands behind her back. I then laid her on the floor and removed her
pants and panty. _I then removed my Sarong and went to have sex with her with
her hand[s] still being tied behind her back._ I told her that I want to
ejaculate inside her and make her pregnant so that her husband will leave her
and she will be together with me. She [shook] her head and I [understood] that
she did not want me to shoot my sperms inside. I moved my penis in and out of
[her] vagina and ejaculated on her stomach. After I ejaculated, I used some
tissue paper to clean it off. I then pull[ed] down the cloth that was tied to
her mouth and started to kiss her and she tried to move her face away. She did
not kiss me back.

…

13 I rested for a while more before I approached [the complainant] again. I
reached my hand into her shirt from the collar opening; _I cut a bit of the
shirt and [tore] it apart. I then pulled [the] bra ... away from her breast
and cut it into two pieces_. I then tried to removed [_sic_] her clothing but
I could not because her hand[s] [were] still ... tied behind. I then removed
the cloth that was tied [around] her hand[s] and removed all her clothing
until she became totally naked. I then went to take my handphone which was
placed just beside the television and started to take nude photograph[s] of
her.

…

[Questions by IO Tang to the respondent]

Q12 After the anal sex, did you take the knife again and threaten to cut her
so that her husband will not want her back?

Ans: Yes, but I was only trying to force her to be with me[.] _I have no
intention to cut her_.

Q13 Did you take the knife and cut [the complainant] back?

Ans: It was during the first time when we were struggling. I do not know how
it happened accidentally[.] I [swung] the knife and it cut her back.

[emphasis added]

And from P80:

...

[Questions by IO Tang to the respondent]

Q69 On 23rd December 2005, [was] there any time in your house at 174B Joo
Chiat Place, [the complainant] slapped you?

Ans: Yes. She kicked me on my chest and also slapped me.

Q70 Why did [the complainant] want to [kick] and [slap] you?

Ans: I forcefully asked her to stay in and finish filling in the form. She got
angry, she kicked and slapped me.

Q71 On 23rd December 2005, [was] there any time in your house at 174B Joo
Chiat Place, you slapped [the complainant]?

Ans: When she [kept] slapping me and kicking me[,] I got angry, I slapped and
kicked her back.

Q72 Where did you kick her?

Ans: I kicked her at her buttock.

Q73 At which stage you kicked [_sic_] and slapped [the complainant]?

Ans: When we were quarrelling. It was before the sex.

52 In our view, the combined effect of P73 and P80 was to provide
corroborative evidence that the respondent had done the acts which put the
complainant in fear of hurt to herself, including pulling out a knife,
slapping and kicking the complainant just before he raped her, and gagging and
tying her up. All of these acts _combined_ put the complainant in fear of hurt
to herself, as she testified at the first trial. However, this was not enough
for a conviction. The next issue we considered was whether those acts were
done by the respondent _in order to commit or facilitate the commission of an
offence of rape_. This is where the evidence was unclear. It may be that the
acts above were wholly separate from the actual rape, _ie_ , that when the
respondent did the acts, he did not intend them to _facilitate the commission
of the subsequent rape_. Indeed, reading P73 on its own, it appeared that the
acts of gagging and tying the complainant up were done because she started
screaming after the quarrel between the parties. As such, it would appear that
when the respondent did the acts in question, he only wanted to put an end to
the quarrel; he had not, _at that time_ , formed the intention to commit rape
and, hence, could _not_ have done the acts to _facilitate the commission_ of
the same. Similarly, although the respondent kicked and slapped the
complainant, it appeared from P80 that these acts were in retaliation to the
complainant’s initial slaps and kicks, rather than acts to facilitate the
commission of the rape.

53 The appellant submitted that the complainant’s evidence of aggravated rape
was independently corroborated by the cut-up clothing, the nude photographs
recovered from the respondent’s mobile telephone, the text messages that the
respondent sent to the complainant via short message-service asking for her
forgiveness as well as various statements from the respondent admitting to the
aggravated rape, especially P73 and P80. However, adopting the approach
mentioned earlier (at [41]), in searching for corroborative evidence, we were
not satisfied that these pieces of evidence corroborated the complainant’s
evidence so as to prove the respondent’s guilt beyond a reasonable doubt. The
evidence shed little or no light on the essential ingredient of aggravated
rape, which was that the respondent had intended, by the acts which put the
complainant in fear of hurt to herself, to _facilitate the commission of
rape_. Indeed, as we mentioned earlier (at [52]), there was, in our view,
another reasonable explanation for the respondent’s acts, which was that he
had committed those acts due to the quarrel which had ensued between him and
the complainant. We were not convinced that there was an intention on the part
of the respondent to facilitate the commission of the rape at the time he did
the said acts. In the result, it could not be said that the trial judge’s
decision to acquit the respondent of the first charge was against the weight
of evidence or that the trial judge misdirected himself as to the law (see
[33] above). It bears repeating that we were also not convinced that there was
a second instance of rape, aggravated or otherwise, and, hence, we saw no need
to disturb the existing conviction of the respondent for rape _simpliciter_
under the sixth charge. Accordingly, we dismissed the appeal in respect of the
acquittal of the respondent of the first charge.

**_The third charge (carnal intercourse against the order of nature)_**

54 In relation to the appeal against the acquittal of the respondent of the
third charge, it must first be stated that the respondent has already been
convicted of a separate instance of carnal intercourse against the order of
nature (_viz_ , the seventh charge). As with the first charge in respect of
rape, the third charge implied a _second_ instance of carnal intercourse
against the order of nature (in this case, sodomy). Therefore, we had to
consider if the evidence supported the allegation of such a _second_ instance
of sodomy.

55 Before us, the appellant conceded that there was only some evidence in
relation to the third charge. In our view, this concession was wholly
justified in view of the evidence presented by the appellant, which consisted,
in the main, of the complainant’s own evidence. However, as will be seen, the
complainant’s evidence in relation to a second instance of sodomy was
internally inconsistent, and we were not convinced that a second instance of
sodomy had taken place.

56 The complainant’s evidence-in-chief was that the respondent had sodomised
her a second time after having raped her a second time. However, as mentioned
earlier (at [48]), the complainant had told PW14 on 23 December 2005 at about
8.35pm that she had been raped and sodomised “two times”, and PW14 clarified
that this meant that the complainant had been raped _once_ _and then_
sodomised _once_ (_Official Transcript_ for 4 September 2006 at p 78).
Further, the doctor who examined the complainant in the early morning after
the rape testified at the first trial that the complainant had told her that
the respondent first penetrated her vaginally, ejaculated outside of her, then
sodomised her and then subsequently penetrated her vaginally again. _That was
all, and there was no mention of a second instance of sodomy_ (_Official
Transcript_ for 8 September 2006 at p 334).

57 It must further be noted that the respondent never confessed to a second
instance of sodomy. His account in P73 at para 14 suggested that while he
tried to sodomise the complainant a _second_ time, there was no penetration:

[After the first instance of sexual intercourse (rape), the first instance of
sodomy and the second instance of sexual intercourse]

… I cannot ejaculate, so I took put my penis and tried to put it inside her
anus again. My penis did not go into her anus because she moved her body away.
I did not go back and have sex with her …

In P80, the respondent unequivocally maintained that he had _not_ sodomised
the complainant a second time (see the record of proceedings (“ _Record of
Proceedings_ ”) vol 6 at p 79):

Q93 On 23rd December 2005, in your house at 174B Joo Chiat Place, how many
times did you insert your penis into [the complainant]’s anus?

Ans: One time only.

Q94 After you performed anal sex to [_sic_] [the complainant], did you tried
[_sic_] to put your penis into her anus again?

Ans: I did not.

Finally, when IO Tang recorded a statement from the respondent under s 122(6)
of the CPC in connection with the seventh charge (as amended) on 19 April
2006, the respondent refused to sign on the charge and said, “I only insert
[_sic_] my penis into her anus once, and bring [_sic_] it out. I did not put
my penis inside her anus twice ...” (see _Record of Proceedings_ vol 6 at p
130).

58 In view of the material inconsistencies in the complainant’s account _vis-
à-vis_ the _second_ instance of sodomy (for which no corroborative evidence
could be found elsewhere) and the respondent’s consistent denial of a second
instance of sodomy, we were of the view that the _third charge_ of carnal
intercourse against the order of nature (in effect, a _second_ instance of
sodomy) was not proved beyond a reasonable doubt, and we therefore saw no need
to disturb the trial judge’s acquittal of the respondent in respect of that
charge. Accordingly, the appeal in relation to the acquittal of the respondent
in respect of the third charge was dismissed.

**_The eighth charge (theft)_**

59 In respect of the eighth charge of theft, s 378 of the Penal Code provides
as follows:

**Theft**

**378.** Whoever, intending to take dishonestly any movable property out of
the possession of any person without that person’s consent, moves that
property in order to such taking, is said to commit theft.

The learned authors of _Ratanlal & Dhirajlal’s The Indian Penal Code_ (Wadhwa
and Company Nagpur, 31st Enlarged Ed, 2006) (“ _The Indian Penal Code_ ”) note
(at p 2002) that intention is the gist of the offence of theft. The intention
to take dishonestly exists when the taker intends to cause wrongful gain to
one person or wrongful loss to another person.

60 In our view, the evidence showing the dishonest intention of the respondent
was severely lacking in this case. The appellant’s only evidence in this
respect was the complainant’s testimony that the respondent had taken her gold
earring studs, identification card and bank card. There was no evidence
adduced or submission made in respect of the _mens rea_ required for this
offence. As the trial judge held in _Mohammed Liton (No 1)_ ([4] _supra_ at
[39]):

Finally, there is the charge for theft. The items consisted of the
complainant’s identity card and bank card, and a pair of earrings. They were
not items of any great value, with the exception of the bank card, but it was
not known how much the complainant had in that account or whether the accused
knew her personal identification and user identification numbers [so as] to
withdraw money with that card. It was not disputed that the accused
immediately agreed to return the items to the complainant when she asked for
them. The complainant testified that when she asked for them she had not told
him that she had gone to the police. The accused’s evidence was that the
complainant left the items in the room and forgot to take them when she left.
Theft is an offence committed with the intention of depriving the owner of the
property. _I do not think that that intention was satisfactorily proved in
this case_. The accused might have been liable for trespass, conversion or
detinue under the law of tort, but that was not in issue before this court.
[emphasis added]

Accordingly, we were of the view that the trial judge was correct to acquit
the respondent of the eighth charge as the appellant had not proved this
charge beyond a reasonable doubt. As such, we dismissed the appeal in relation
to the acquittal of the respondent in respect of the eighth charge.

**_The second and fifth charges (criminal intimidation)_**

61 The appellant proceeded on two charges of criminal intimation against the
respondent before the trial judge. The second charge was for criminal
intimidation through the use of a knife, whilst the fifth charge was for
criminal intimidation in threatening to distribute the nude photographs (see
[1] above). As mentioned earlier (at [2]), the trial judge acquitted the
respondent of both of these charges.

_Elements of the offence of criminal intimidation_

62 It would be appropriate, first, to consider the elements of the offence of
criminal intimidation. In this regard, s 503 of the Penal Code provides as
follows:

**Criminal intimidation**

**503.** Whoever threatens another with any injury to his person, reputation
or property, or to the person or reputation of any one in whom that person is
interested, with intent to cause alarm to that person, or to cause that person
to do any act which he is not legally bound to do, or to omit to do any act
which that person is legally entitled to do, as the means of avoiding the
execution of such threat, commits criminal intimidation.

The elements of the offence of criminal intimidation were set out in the
Singapore High Court decision of _Chua Siew Lin v PP_ [2004] 4 SLR 497 (“
_Chua Siew Lin_ ”). In that case, Yong CJ cited (at [42]), with apparent
approval, the district judge’s adoption of a two-stage test that the
Prosecution had to satisfy before a conviction for an offence committed under
s 503 of the Penal Code could be made out: first, the accused must have
threatened the victim with injury to his or her person; and, second, the
threat must have been intended to cause alarm to the victim. However, it must
be clarified that this test is not exhaustive of all the instances in which an
offence under s 503 may be made out. It may conduce towards clarity in
approach and (especially) application to state that there are two general
elements to this particular offence, and that these general elements may be
specifically satisfied by any of the grounds listed under the section itself.
This may be illustrated as follows:

(a) A person is threatened with any injury (the first general element) –

(i) to his person, reputation or property; or

(ii) to the person or reputation of any one in whom he (_ie_ , the person
threatened) is interested.

(b) The threat is made with intent (the second general element) –

(i) to cause alarm to the person threatened;

(ii) to cause that person to do any act which he is not legally bound to do as
the means of avoiding the execution of such threat; or

(iii) to cause that person to omit to do any act which he is legally entitled
to do as the means of avoiding the execution of such threat.

Both (a) _and_ (b) above must be satisfied in order for an offence under s 503
of the Penal Code to be made out, with (a) representing the _actus reus_ and
(b) representing the _mens rea_.

63 We should also point out that there is no further necessity to show, as a
matter of fact, that anyone was actually threatened. This issue was considered
by the Singapore High Court in the cases of _Ramanathan Yogendran v PP_ [1995]
2 SLR 563 (“ _Ramanathan Yogendran_ ”) and _Ameer Akbar v Abdul Hamid_ [1997]
1 SLR 113 (“ _Ameer Akbar_ ”). In _Ramanathan Yogendran_ , which was an appeal
against the decision of the District Court, the district judge held, relying
on the Malaysian case of _Lee Yoke Choong v Public Prosecutor_ [1964] MLJ 138
(“ _Lee Yoke Choong_ ”), that the effect of the threat on the victim was not
relevant for the purpose of the offence of criminal intimidation as defined in
s 503 of the Penal Code. In _Lee Yoke Choong_ , it was argued in mitigation of
sentence that the victim had not been alarmed by the accused’s threat to throw
acid on his face and that the accused had not threatened to carry out the
attack personally. Ong J held that the offence of criminal intimidation lay in
the intent, and not the effect, behind the threat.

64 On appeal in _Ramanathan Yogendran_ ([63] _supr_ a), Yong CJ apparently
disagreed with the district judge’s view that there was no necessity to show
that the threat had an effect on the intended victim. Indeed, on a plain
reading of the relevant passages, it appears as if Yong CJ had, on the one
hand, said that there was no need for the threat to have an effect on the
victim, but, on the other hand, stated that there was nonetheless some kind of
relationship between these two factors (_ie_ , the threat and its intended
effect on the victim) which fortified the conclusion that the offence of
criminal intimidation had been made out in that case. The relevant passages
are as follows (_Ramanathan Yogendran_ at 589–560, [110]–[112]):

With respect, the statement of Ong J in _Lee Yoke Choong_ which was approved
by the trial judge may perhaps have been too sweeping in its terms and effect.
Taken to its logical conclusion, a charge of criminal intimidation could
succeed even if the person making the threat is obviously in no position to
carry it out. Such was the scenario before the court in _Jogendra Kumar v Hem
Chandra._ The accused was an old and sick man aged 74 years. While talking to
four or five persons in his house, he threatened to kill and bury the
complainant. The evidence disclosed that none of the persons present actually
got alarmed, and it was held that the accused had not committed criminal
intimidation. Perhaps this case may be seen as an application of the de
minimis principle to the offence of criminal intimidation.

Section 503 of Penal Code, which defines criminal intimidation, does not
contain any reference to the actual effect of the threat on the victim, nor to
the capacity of the maker to carry out the threat. The essential
considerations are the intention of the maker and the nature of the threat. It
suffices that the maker intends to cause alarm _but it must also be relevant
to consider the fact that an accused is clearly incapable of carrying out the
threat_. Where there is such evidence, the approach in _Jogendra Kumar_
accords with good sense and reason. In line with this reasoning, the Indian
case of _Habibullah v State_ suggests that the complainant must feel as a
reasonable man that the accused was going to convert his words into action.
_In considering whether the offence of criminal intimidation has been
established, it should be shown that the victim had some objective basis to
apprehend alarm, even if he was never actually alarmed._ The threat must be
sufficient to overcome the ordinary free will of a firm man. It may be
inappropriate to adopt Ong J’s dicta in _Lee Yoke Choong_ without this
qualification, as a purely literal approach might engender absurd conclusions.

In the present case, what the prosecution had to establish was that on 28
March 1992 the threats were uttered by the appellant with the intent to cause
alarm. _The prosecution went further to show that Colin was in fact alarmed by
the threat. This was not a required element of the charge but such evidence
did fortify it to a significant extent_.

[emphasis added]

However, in the later case of _Ameer Akbar_ ([63] _supra_), Yong CJ clarified
(at [46]) his view in _Ramanathan Yogendran_ , as follows:

... I must emphasise that the victim’s perception of the words must not be
confused with whether the victim was actually frightened or not. **_And, to
this extent, the offence of criminal intimidation does not depend on the
nerves of the individual being threatened_.** In my opinion, this must have
been what Ong J had in mind when he stated in _Lee Yoke Choong_ _v PP_ [1964]
MLJ 138 that ‘[t]he offence of criminal intimidation lies in the intent behind
a threat, not in its _effect_.’ Thus, in [_Ramanathan Yogendran_], I concluded
that a literal approach to Ong J’s dicta without any qualification was
inappropriate precisely because his use of the word ‘ _effect_ ’ is likely to
mislead one into thinking that the state of mind of the victim is always
irrelevant. [emphasis added in bold italics]

65 It would thus appear that the effect of the threat on the victim is not
entirely irrelevant, but would assist the court in determining whether the
alleged offender in fact had the intention to commit the offence of criminal
intimidation. If, for example, the threat was uttered in circumstances in
which no reasonable person in the victim’s shoes could have apprehended alarm,
that would be a factor (or even a strong factor) that could be invoked by the
accused to support the argument that he did _not_ have the _requisite
intention_ to commit the offence. If, however, there is such an objective
basis for apprehension present, then it would not matter if the victim did
_not_ , _in fact_ , apprehend alarm as a result of the threat. This was
confirmed by Yong CJ in _Ameer Akbar_ , where the learned Chief Justice
observed thus ([63] _supra_ at [51]–[53]):

Of course, _guilty intent_ was a question of fact to be inferred. Thus, if it
could be shown that the victim had _some objective basis_ to apprehend alarm,
even if he was never actually alarmed, and the threat was sufficient to
overcome the ordinary free will of a firm man (see _Ramanathan Yogendran v PP
…_ at p 590), _that would then fortify a finding of the guilty intent._

The appellant here had threatened to assault the complainant. The fact that
the threat was not carried out eventually was irrelevant. On the evidence, it
was apparent that the threat was uttered because the appellant was angry, and
he wanted to frighten the complainant. The obvious and irresistible inference
was that the appellant had uttered the threat with intent to cause alarm to
the complainant.

Clearly, in the light of their relationship, there was some objective basis
for the complainant to apprehend alarm over the threat made. Moreover, the
fact that there was also evidence to show that he was actually alarmed, even
though such an element was not required in the charge, _reinforced my finding
of the relevant guilty intent_.

[emphasis added]

66 It would also be helpful, in our view, to consider the Indian authorities
which have dealt with this issue to a more detailed extent. In _In re A K
Gopalan_ AIR (36) 1949 Mad 233, the accused was convicted of the Indian
equivalent of s 503 of our Penal Code for delivering a speech which was
described as “very vehement in character and vulgar in tune” and which was
directed at a particular district’s police force. As the speech was addressed
to a defined and ascertainable body of individuals, and extracts of it showed
that the accused had intended to frighten the members of that police force
with injury to their person, reputation or property, Govinda Menon J held that
that the conviction was correctly reached. In so deciding, Menon J also stated
(at 234) that:

Whether as a matter of fact any one was actually frightened or not, cannot
affect the question of the liability under S. 503, Penal Code. It is the
intention of the speaker that has to be considered in deciding ... whether
what he stated comes within the mischief of S. 503, Penal Code.

67 However, the learned authors of _The Indian Penal Code_ ([59] _supra_) note
at p 2606 that the case of _Jogendra Kumar Sarkar v Hem Chandra Roy_ (1964) 1
Cri LJ 255 (Cal) (“ _Jogendra Kumar Sarkar_ ”) stands for the contrary
proposition, _ie_ , that where the evidence discloses that none of the persons
present when the threat was made actually got alarmed, there should be no
conviction for an offence committed under the Indian equivalent of s 503 of
our Penal Code. With respect, we are unable to agree with this reading of
_Jogendra Kumar Sarkar_. In that case, an old and sick man, aged 74, allegedly
said that he would kill the complainant and bury him. By the evidence of the
complainant himself, after this statement was uttered, the complainant, along
with other persons, continued to remain in the accused’s house. Tea was served
by the accused to all of them, although the complainant refused to take the
tea in view of the accused’s prior behaviour. In dismissing the complainant’s
appeal against the accused’s acquittal for criminal intimidation, T N R
Tirumalpad JC held that it could not be said, with regard to these facts, that
there was an intention on the accused’s part to cause alarm to the complainant
even though the accused had apparently used words to the effect that he would
kill the complainant and bury him. Tirumalpad JC stated further (at 256) that:

This [referring to the statement referred to above] may no doubt amount to
threat of injury to the person of the complainant. But it must be shown, in
order to prove criminal intimidation, that the threat was with intent to cause
alarm to that person or to cause that person to do any act which he was not
legally bound to do or to omit to do any act which he was legally entitled to
do. _The intent has not been proved in this case_. After all, the respondent
is an old and sick man aged 74 years and these 4 or 5 persons had gone to his
house and if in the course of the talk, he got excited and said that he
[would] kill the complainant, nobody [would] take him seriously and nobody
[would] get alarmed. … It seems to me that much has been made about a silly
incident in which an old man appears to have got excited and used some
meaningless words. [emphasis added]

From the passage cited, it seems that Tirumalpad JC’s paramount consideration
was the intention of the accused, and not the effect of the allegedly
threatening statement. Although Tirumalpad JC sought to ascertain the
accused’s intention from the impact which the statement had on the
complainant, this must not be taken as requiring the threat in question to
have an actual effect on the complainant. Indeed, the learned judge also
placed emphasis on the accused’s age and behaviour after the allegedly
threatening statement was made to decide whether or not the accused had the
requisite intention. To put it another way, even if there had been no reaction
on the part of the complainant, the requisite intention for the offence of
criminal intimidation could still be proved if other facts supported such a
contention. Indeed, the two local cases which we highlighted above (at
[63]–[65]) would seem to also support such a proposition.

68 Returning to the present case, as the second and fifth charges were framed,
the appellant proceeded on the basis that the threat was to the complainant
with an intention to cause alarm to her. We now turn to consider each of the
specific charges separately on this particular basis.

_The second charge (criminal intimidation by pointing a knife)_

(1) Whether there was a threat

69 The gist of the offence of criminal incrimination is the effect which the
threat is intended to have upon the mind of the person threatened, and it is
clear that before the threat can have any effect upon that person’s mind, it
must either be made to him by the person issuing the threat or be communicated
to him in some way. In the Singapore High Court decision of _Ameer Akbar_
([63] _supra_), Yong CJ explained (at [44]) how a court should ascertain
whether there was a threat in cases involving spoken words:

For there to be a threat, the words uttered must be such that they would
actually cause the victim, and any reasonable man in the victim’s
circumstances, to at least comprehend the words as having the _effect_ of a
threat to begin with. Otherwise, such words will not constitute a threat.
[emphasis in original]

70 In our view, the same approach could be used in the present case even
though the threat in question took the form of an act, as opposed to spoken
words. Adopting this approach, it must first be ascertained whether the
respondent pointed a knife at the complainant. The complainant’s evidence was
that there were at least two occasions on which the respondent pointed a knife
at her, namely:

(a) Before the first alleged incident of rape, when the complainant was still
filling in the forms, the respondent pulled out a knife and said, “You think I
Bangla man, I come empty hand?” (_Official Transcript_ for 11 September 2006
at p 410)

(b) After the first alleged incident of sodomy, the respondent took the knife
and said that he wanted to hurt the complainant (_Official Transcript_ for 11
September 2006 at p 416).

These allegations are corroborated by P73. At para 11 of the statement, which
we referred to earlier at [51], the respondent said:

11 Inside the room, we sat on the floor and [the complainant] started to fill
in the form. She told me she was rushing for time and I got very angry as I
found her very rude towards me. She was not like that previously. _I took a
knife which I saw beside me and pointed at her_. [emphasis added]

And later:

Q12 After the anal sex, did you take the knife again and threaten to cut her
so that her husband will not want her back?

Ans: _Yes_ , but I was only trying to _force_ her to be with me[.] I have no
intention to cut her.

[emphasis added]

(2) Whether the threat was intended to cause alarm

71 Having ascertained that the respondent did point a knife at the complainant
more than once and that his actions amounted to threats, we next considered
whether the threats were intended to cause alarm.

72 With respect to the second instance when the knife was pointed at the
complainant, the respondent’s intention to cause alarm may be discerned from
his answer to Q12 in P73 (see [70] above), _viz_ , “I was only trying to
_force_ her to be with me …” [emphasis added]. In our view, the element of
intention to cause alarm was made out since the intention to force someone to
do something must necessarily be premised upon an intention to cause that
person alarm.

73 Accordingly, we were of the view that the second charge was proved beyond a
reasonable doubt against the respondent, and we allowed the appeal against his
acquittal of the said charge. We will address the sentence which we imposed
after dealing with the appeal against acquittal in respect of the fifth
charge.

_The fifth charge (criminal intimidation by threatening to distribute the nude
photographs)_

(1) Whether there was a threat

74 Following the approach above (at [62]), it must first be determined whether
the threat to distribute the nude photographs was made by the respondent to
the complainant. The complainant testified at the first trial that the
respondent took the nude photographs so that he could “show to people that ...
[the complainant] was a no-good girl” (_Official Transcript_ for 11 September
2006 at p 417). This account is corroborated by P73, where the respondent
stated in response to Q16:

Q16 Why did you want to take her nude photograph[s]?

Ans: I want to use the photo[s] to threaten her. I told her that if she tell
[_sic_] anyone of what had happened, I will print the photograph[s] and show
[them] to her colleague[s].

Accordingly, we were satisfied that there was a threat made by the respondent
to the complainant to distribute the nude photographs.

(2) Whether the threat was intended to cause alarm

75 As we noted in respect of the second charge (at [72] above), an intention
to threaten someone must necessarily be accompanied by an intention to cause
alarm. This was clearly the case here. As such, we were satisfied that the
fifth charge was proved beyond a reasonable doubt against the respondent, and
we allowed the appeal against his acquittal of the said charge. We now turn to
the sentences which we imposed in respect of the second and fifth charges.

_The sentences imposed_

(1) The second charge

76 In _Tan Kay Beng v PP_ [2006] 4 SLR 10 (“ _Tan Kay Beng_ ”), Rajah J,
distinguishing the case of _PP v Luan Yuanxin_ [2002] 2 SLR 98 (“ _Luan
Yuanxin_ ”), held that a suitable sentence for criminal intimidation by
pointing a knife at the victim was three months. Rajah J noted that in _Luan
Yuanxin_ , the unprovoked, violent and vicious acts of the accused were
premeditated and prolonged, which warranted a far more severe sentence. In
particular, the accused there had deliberately carried out his threat with the
use of a weapon, and had gone further by attacking the victim, strangling and
biting her, and causing her serious physical injuries, for which she was given
three days’ medical leave. These were the reasons why the sentence for
criminal intimidation in _Luan Yuanxin_ was enhanced by the High Court from
two months to two years.

77 In our view, the facts of the present case were more similar to those in
_Tan Kay Beng_ ([76] _supra_), especially since there was no premeditation and
also because the respondent did not cause the complainant any serious physical
injuries. Indeed, _Tan Kay Beng_ is not the only case in which a relatively
light sentence was imposed for criminal intimidation through the use of a
weapon. In _Roslani bin Ahmad v PP_ Magistrate’s Appeal No 210 of 1992
(unreported), the accused swung a parang with a 15-inch blade at the victim.
He was sentenced to two months’ imprisonment. Similarly, in _Lee Tian Siong v
PP_ Magistrate’s Appeal No 406 of 1993 (unreported), where the accused used a
broken glass and demanded repayment of a debt from the victim, the accused was
sentenced to three months’ imprisonment. In view of these precedents, we
sentenced the respondent to two months’ imprisonment in relation to the second
charge.

(2) The fifth charge

78 With respect to the fifth charge, an analogous case would be _Tay We-Jin v
PP_ Magistrate’s Appeal No 191 of 2001 (unreported) (“ _Tay We-Jin_ ”), in
which the accused was sentenced to 12 months’ imprisonment for sending
messages threatening to expose the victim’s promiscuous lifestyle to her
family and her school unless she allowed him to become her pimp. However,
given that _Tay We-Jin_ , although similar to the present case in some
respects, concerned a threat to injure the victim’s reputation, we were of the
view that its facts could be distinguished. First, there was only a single
threat in this case, as opposed to the many messages sent to the victim in
_Tay We-Jin_. Secondly, the accused in _Tay We-Jin_ wanted the victim to allow
him to become her pimp – this was far more serious than the present case,
where there had been a prior relationship between the parties and where the
respondent simply wanted the complainant to be with him. In view of these
differences, we regarded a sentence of two months’ imprisonment for the fifth
charge as sufficient, and we sentenced the respondent accordingly.

**_Summary in relation to the appeal against acquittal_**

79 To summarise our conclusions in relation to the appeal against acquittal,
we dismissed the appeal against the respondent’s acquittal in respect of the
first, third and eighth charges, but allowed the appeal against acquittal in
respect of the second and fifth charges. We sentenced the respondent to two
months’ imprisonment each on the second and fifth charges. Having considered
the appeal against acquittal, we now deal with the appeal against sentence.

**The appeal against sentence**

80 To recapitulate, the trial judge imposed a sentence of three months’
imprisonment on the fourth charge, 18 months imprisonment on the sixth charge
and two years’ imprisonment on the seventh charge. The sentences imposed on
the sixth and seventh charges were ordered to run concurrently, making a total
sentence of two years and three months’ imprisonment with effect from 27
December 2005 (see [2] above). The appellant appealed against these orders.
Before we deal with the appeal, it would be useful, as was the case with the
appeal against acquittal, to set out the general legal principles which are
applicable in this case.

**_Applicable legal principles_**

_Appellate reappraisal of sentences_

81 It is well-settled law that an appellate court has only a limited scope to
intervene when reappraising sentences imposed by a court at first instance.
This is because sentencing is largely a matter of judicial discretion and
requires a fine balancing of myriad considerations: see _Angliss Singapore Pte
Ltd v PP_ [2006] 4 SLR 653 (“ _Angliss_ ”) at [13].

82 Notwithstanding the discretionary nature of the sentencing process, it has
also been established in cases such as _Tan Koon Swan v PP_ [1986] SLR 126 and
_PP v Cheong Hock Lai_ [2004] 3 SLR 203 that an appellate court will
nonetheless correct sentences in the following situations:

(a) where the sentencing judge erred in respect of the proper factual basis
for sentence;

(b) where the sentencing judge failed to appreciate the materials placed
before him;

(c) where the sentence imposed was wrong in principle and/or law; and/or

(d) where the sentence imposed was manifestly excessive or manifestly
inadequate, as the case may be.

83 With respect to reason (d) in the preceding paragraph, which was relied on
by the appellant in the present appeal, Yong CJ in _PP v Siew Boon Leong_
[2005] 1 SLR 611 clarified (at [22]) what was meant by a sentence that was
manifestly excessive or manifestly inadequate:

When a sentence is said to be manifestly inadequate, or conversely, manifestly
excessive, it means that the sentence is unjustly lenient or severe, as the
case may be, and _requires substantial alterations rather than minute
corrections_ to remedy the injustice … [emphasis added]

It has also been said (in the Malaysian High Court decision of _Sim Boon Chai
v Public Prosecutor_[1982] 1 MLJ 353) that a sentence is manifestly excessive
when it fails to accommodate the existing extenuating or mitigating
circumstances. A sentence which is plainly out of line with an established
benchmark is also manifestly excessive: see, for example, _Tuen Huan Rui Mary
v PP_ [2003] 3 SLR 70. By parity of reasoning, the same must also apply in
ascertaining whether a sentence is manifestly inadequate. Indeed, in _Moey
Keng Kong v PP_ [2001] 4 SLR 211, it was observed that a sentence would be
manifestly inadequate when, although it should reflect the need for both
deterrence and retribution, it reflected only deterrence or retribution (which
was not the situation on the facts of that particular case). At this point, we
pause to observe that while guidelines and benchmarks provide consistency and
predictability so far as sentencing is concerned, courts should never apply
benchmarks mechanically without a proper evaluation of the facts of the case.

84 On this premise, it bears repeating that an appellate court should only
intervene where the sentence imposed by the court below was “manifestly”
inadequate – that in itself implies _a high threshold_ before intervention is
warranted. In the light of the highly discretionary nature of the sentencing
process and the relatively circumscribed grounds on which appellate
intervention is warranted, the prerogative to correct sentences should be
tempered by a certain degree of deference to the sentencing judge’s exercise
of discretion. Indeed, as Rajah J reiterated in _Angliss_ ([81] _supra_ at
[14]):

The _mere fact that an appellate court would have awarded a higher or lower
sentence than the trial judge is_ _not sufficient_ to compel the exercise of
its appellate powers, unless it is coupled with a failure by the trial judge
to appreciate the facts placed before him or where the trial judge’s exercise
of his sentencing discretion was contrary to principle and/or law. [emphasis
added]

_Method of reappraisal_

85 Further, in assessing the adequacy of a lower court’s sentence, due regard
may be given to previous sentencing precedents involving similar facts or
offences, for the simple reason that these cases give an indication of the
appropriate sentence to be imposed. Such precedents are, however, only
_guidelines_ as each case, of course, ultimately turns on its own facts: see,
for example, _Viswanathan Ramachandran v PP_ [2003] 3 SLR 435 at [43]. While
references to such “benchmarks” facilitate consistency and fairness by
providing a focal point against which subsequent cases with differing degrees
of culpability can be accurately determined, _it must be reiterated that
benchmarks “are not cast in stone, nor [do they] represent an abdication of
the judicial prerogative to tailor criminal sanctions to the individual
offender”_ : see _Abu_ _Syeed Chowdhury v PP_ [2002] 1 SLR 301 at [15]. With
these principles in mind, we turn to the appeal in respect of the sentences
imposed in relation to the specific charges.

**_The fourth charge (insulting the modesty of a woman)_**

_Previous sentencing precedents_

86 The trial judge imposed a sentence of three months’ imprisonment on the
fourth charge under s 509 of the Penal Code of insulting the complainant’s
modesty by taking the nude photographs. In this respect, s 509 provides as
follows:

**Word or gesture intended to insult the modesty of a woman**

**509.** Whoever, intending to insult the modesty of any woman, utters any
word, makes any sound or gesture, or exhibits any object, intending that such
word or sound shall be heard, or that such gesture or object shall be seen by
such woman, or intrudes upon the privacy of such woman, shall be punished with
imprisonment for a term which may extend to one year, or with fine, or with
both.

87 The authors of _Sentencing Practice in the Subordinate Courts_ (LexisNexis,
2nd Ed, 2003) (“ _Sentencing Practice_ ”) note (at p 329) that for the offence
under s 509 in general, a fine of $1,000 to $2,000 is the norm: see, for
example, _Raveendran v PP_ Magistrate’s Appeal No 125 of 1992 (unreported) and
_Tan Pin Seng v PP_ [1998] 1 SLR 418. On the other hand, imprisonment is
appropriate where aggravating factors are present: see _Mohd Raus bin Othman_
_v PP_ Magistrate’s Appeal No 17 of 1993 (unreported), where the offence was
committed in a lift; _Ramakrishnan s/o Ramayan v PP_ [1998] 3 SLR 645, where
there were multiple charges and the victims were young; and _PP v_ _Johari bin
Samad_ Magistrate’s Appeal No 69 of 1999 (unreported), where the offender had
a previous conviction for a sexual offence.

88 However, more relevantly for the present case, imprisonment is also
appropriate where the offence was carried out using modern technology to
record a victim’s private moments without her knowledge. In _PP v Tay Beng
Guan Albert_ [2000] 3 SLR 785 (“ _Albert Tay_ ”), it was said that such an
offence differed from other “Peeping Tom” cases as the recording on a tape
could be replayed and there was also a risk of circulation of the tape to
third parties. In _Albert Tay_ , the victim, a female colleague of the
offender, discovered a video-camcorder switched to recording mode hidden in a
basket of soft toys in the bathroom of the offender’s flat. She removed the
tape, and later found that the recording showed her undressing before her
bath, and then stepping out of the bathtub and drying herself after showering.
The tape also contained a footage of another female ex-colleague of the
offender relieving herself in the toilet; that footage was recorded using the
same _modus operandi_. The offender pleaded guilty to both charges of
intruding into the privacy of a woman. The District Court’s sentence of a fine
of $1,000 on each charge was enhanced by the High Court on appeal to one
month’s imprisonment on each charge, to run consecutively, in addition to the
fine imposed by the lower court.

_Whether the sentence imposed by the trial judge was manifestly inadequate_

89 Comparing the previous sentencing precedents with the sentence imposed by
the trial judge, we were of the view that the sentence of three months’
imprisonment was not manifestly inadequate. The facts of the present case were
similar to those in _Albert Tay_ ([88] _supra_), in so far as modern
technology (the digital camera function of a mobile telephone in this case)
was used to record the complainant’s private moments. The policy
considerations that such recordings (digital photographs in this case) can be
replayed and may be circulated to third parties were reflected in the trial
judge’s imposition of a term of imprisonment in lieu of the norm of a fine of
$1,000 to $2,000. Compared to the one-month imprisonment imposed in _Albert
Tay_ for the video recording of the victim bathing, and bearing in mind the
circumscribed manner in which an appellate court will decide whether or not to
interfere with the sentence imposed by a court of first instance, the three
months’ imprisonment imposed by the trial judge in the present case could not
be said to be plainly out of line with an established benchmark so as to be
excessively inadequate (see [83] above).

90 Accordingly, we dismissed the appeal against the trial judge’s sentence on
the fourth charge.

**_The sixth charge (rape)_**

_Previous sentencing precedents_

91 The trial judge imposed a sentence of 18 months’ imprisonment on the sixth
charge of rape under s 376 of the Penal Code, which provides as follows:

**Punishment for rape**

**376.** —(1) Subject to subsection (2), whoever commits rape shall be
punished with imprisonment for a term which may extend to 20 years, and shall
also be liable to fine or to caning.

(2) Whoever, in order to commit or to facilitate the commission of an offence
of rape against any woman —

(_a_) voluntarily causes hurt to her or to any other person; or

(_b_) puts her in fear of death or hurt to herself or any other person,

and whoever commits rape by having sexual intercourse with a woman under 14
years of age without her consent, shall be punished with imprisonment for a
term of not less than 8 years and not more than 20 years and shall also be
punished with caning with not less than 12 strokes.

As the authors of _Sentencing Practice_ ([87] _supra_) note at p 276, the
punishment for the offence of rape is divided into two limbs or levels: the
first limb is commonly referred to as “rape _simpliciter_ ” and the second
limb as “aggravated rape”. The maximum punishment is the same for both rape
_simpliciter_ and aggravated rape, except that aggravated rape carries a
minimum _mandatory_ term of imprisonment of eight years and mandatory caning
of at least 12 strokes. As the sixth charge was one of rape _simpliciter_ ,
there was no minimum mandatory term which we had to impose on the respondent.
As such, it remains for us to consider the sentencing precedents.

92 Rape, by its very nature, is viewed as a violent assault against the person
(see _PP v Soh Lip Yong_ [1999] 4 SLR 281 (“ _Soh Lip Yong_ ”) at [29]), and
caning is therefore warranted. The decision of this court (sitting as the then
Court of Criminal Appeal) in _Chia Kim Heng Frederick v PP_ [1992] 1 SLR 361
(“ _Frederick Chia_ ”) is the leading case in so far as guidelines and
benchmarks on sentencing for rape offences are concerned. The starting point
in sentencing adult offenders for rape committed without aggravating or
mitigating factors is ten years’ imprisonment in a contested case, in addition
to six strokes of the cane (see _Frederick Chia_ at 367, [19]–[20]):

In our opinion, even the offence of rape under s 376(1), without any
aggravating or mitigating factors, in which sexual intercourse with a woman is
constituted by penetration against her will, must by its very act contain an
element of violence and _a sentence of caning of not less than six strokes
should normally be imposed in addition to a term of imprisonment_. Any degree
of violence amounting to hurt used in the commission of rape will render the
rapist liable to a higher punishment under s 376(2), if he is charged
thereunder.

… In our opinion, for a rape committed without any aggravating or mitigating
factors, _a figure of ten years’ imprisonment should be taken as the starting
point in a contested case_ , in addition to caning. [emphasis added]

This court stated in that case (at 367, [20]) that the court, with the above
starting point in mind, should proceed to consider the mitigating factors
which merited a reduction of the sentence. A guilty plea which saved the
victim further embarrassment and suffering would be an important consideration
and would merit a reduction of one-quarter to one-third of the sentence. In
contrast, aggravating factors such as the victim’s youth, the offender’s
position of responsibility and trust towards her, or perversions or gross
indignities forced upon the victim would justify a longer sentence. In
_Frederick Chia_ itself, the sentence of eight years’ imprisonment and eight
strokes of the cane was upheld on appeal (see also [117] below).

93 In so far as the aggravating factors which warrant an increase from the
benchmark sentences outlined above are concerned, it may also be helpful to
refer to the case of _Regina v_ _Roberts_ [1982] 1 WLR 133, in which the
English Court of Appeal listed many of the factors considered to aggravate the
offence of rape as follows (at 135):

Some of the features which may aggravate the crime are as follows. Where a gun
or knife or some other weapon has been used to frighten or injure the victim.
Where the victim sustains serious injury, whether that is mental or physical.
Where violence is used over and above the violence necessarily involved in the
act itself. Where, there are threats of a brutal kind. Where the victim has
been subjected to further sexual indignities or perversions. Where the victim
is very young or elderly. Where the offender is in a position of trust. Where
the offender has intruded into the victim’s home. Where the victim has been
deprived of her liberty for a period of time. Where the rape, or succession of
rapes, is carried out by a group of men. Where the offender has committed a
series of rapes on different women, or indeed on the same woman.

In the (also) English Court of Appeal decision of _Regina v Millberry_ [2003]
1 WLR 546 (“ _Millberry_ ”), Lord Woolf CJ also identified (at [32]) a list of
nine aggravating factors that are often present in rape offences, namely:

(a) the use of violence over and above the force necessary to commit the rape;

(b) the use of a weapon to frighten or injure the victim;

(c) planning of the offence (_ie_ , premeditation);

(d) an especially serious physical or mental effect on the victim (this would
include, for example, a rape resulting in pregnancy or in the transmission of
a life-threatening or serious disease);

(e) further degradation of the victim, _eg_ , by forced oral sex or urination
on the victim;

(f) the offender breaking into or otherwise gaining access to the place where
the victim is living;

(g) the presence of children when the offence is committed;

(h) the covert use of a drug to overcome the victim’s resistance and/or
obliterate his or her memory of the offence; and

(i) a history of sexual assaults or violence by the offender against the
victim.

94 These guidelines were comprehensively reviewed by Rajah J in _PP v NF_
[2006] 4 SLR 849 (“ _NF_ ”). Referring to the case of _Millberry_ ([93]
_supra_), where the English Court of Appeal reviewed the sentencing practice
of the English courts for rape offences while building upon the analytical
sentencing framework previously established by the same court in _Regina v
Billam_ [1986] 1 WLR 349 (“ _Billam_ ”), Rajah J in _NF_ decided that the
approach in _Millberry_ and _Billam_ of classifying rape offences into various
broad categories was both helpful and useful, and could be broadly adopted and
employed with appropriate adaptation to the Penal Code. In the result, Rajah J
demarcated (at [20]–[21]) four broad categories of rape and assigned (at [24]
and [36]–[38]) a benchmark sentence to each category so as to ensure stability
and a measure of predictability the in sentencing of rape offenders. These
four categories were defined as follows:

(a) at the lowest end of the spectrum, rapes that featured no aggravating or
mitigating circumstances (“category 1 rapes”);

(b) rapes where there had been aggravating factors, the common thread of which
consisted in the exploitation of a particularly vulnerable victim – either
because the perpetrator was related to the victim in a way that allowed him to
abuse his position of trust or authority, or because the perpetrator exploited
a numerical advantage or acted out of hate towards a minority group (“category
2 rapes”);

(c) cases involving repeated rape, on different occasions, of the same victim
or of multiple victims (“category 3 rapes”); and

(d) cases where the offender had manifested perverted or psychopathic
tendencies or gross personality disorder, and where he was likely, if at
large, to remain a danger to women for an indefinite period of time (“category
4 rapes”).

Rajah J decided that the benchmark sentence for category 1 rapes should be ten
years’ imprisonment and not less than six strokes of the cane, while the
appropriate starting point for category 2 rapes would be 15 years’
imprisonment and 12 strokes of the cane. In respect of category 3 rapes, Rajah
J noted that the Prosecution would, in most cases, proceed with multiple
charges against the accused, and the sentencing judge would have to order at
least two sentences, with the discretion to order more than two, to run
consecutively in order to reflect the magnitude of the offender’s culpability.
As such, there was no overriding need for judges to commence sentencing at a
higher benchmark than that which applied to category 2 rapes. For category 4
rapes, Rajah J stated that where the circumstances so dictated, it was not
inappropriate to sentence the offender to the maximum sentence of 20 years’
imprisonment and 24 strokes of the cane allowed under s 376 of the Penal Code.

95 In our opinion, apart from considering the aggravating and mitigating
factors in each case in deciding how much to depart from these benchmark
sentences, the courts should be guided by three broad principles in assessing
the appropriate sentence to impose. These three principles were succinctly
summarised by the UK Sentencing Advisory Panel at para 9 of its written advice
to the English Court of Appeal (dated 24 May 2005) on sentencing guidelines
for rape offences (“ _The Panel’s Advice_ ”) (available, at the time of
writing, at <http://www.sentencing-guidelines.gov.uk/docs/rape.pdf>) as
follows:

(a) the degree of harm to the victim;

(b) the level of culpability of the offender; and

(c) the level of risk posed by the offender to society.

In _Millberry_ ([93] _supra_), the English Court of Appeal accepted (at [8])
that “courts should consider each of these dimensions whenever a sentence for
rape is imposed”. Accordingly, while the aggravating and mitigating factors
gleaned from decided cases are helpful, the courts should also be guided by
the above three general principles in deciding how much to depart from the
established benchmark sentences, and ultimately arrive at a just and
appropriate sentence pursuant to the specific (and unique) facts of each case.
As we mentioned above (at [85]), _it must be reiterated that benchmark
sentences are not cast in stone, nor do they represent an abdication of the
judicial prerogative to tailor criminal sanctions to the individual offender_.
The present appeal was an example of just how inappropriate it would be to
apply a blanket rule to all instances of rape _without considering the unique
facts which are present in each and every case_.

_Whether the sentence imposed by the trial judge was manifestly inadequate_

96 With these principles in mind, and considering the above sentencing
precedents, it is clear, in our view, that the trial judge imposed a sentence
which was manifestly inadequate. As was held by this court in _Frederick Chia_
([92] _supra_) (and restated by Rajah J in _NF_ ([94] _supra_) at [24] in
relation to category 1 rapes), the starting point in sentencing for rape
committed without aggravating or mitigating factors is ten years’
imprisonment, in addition to six strokes of the cane. (The present case was
not a category 2 rape (as classified in _NF_) because it did not involve a
young or vulnerable victim, and therefore did not attract a starting point of
15 years’ imprisonment and 12 strokes of the cane.) The trial judge imposed a
sentence which was more than eight years shorter than the prescribed starting
point of ten years’ imprisonment; he also did not impose the prescribed caning
of not less than six strokes. Unless there were sufficient mitigating factors
in the present case, it would clearly be the case that the sentence imposed by
the trial judge was manifestly inadequate, inasmuch as there was a failure to
accommodate aggravating factors (see [83] above) as well as undue weight given
to the mitigating factors present. We thus had to consider, in particular,
what mitigating factors were present on the facts of the present case and the
role which they played in the assessment of the sentence meted out by the
trial judge.

_Hardship on the respondent’s relatives_

97 We deal first with a relatively straightforward factor. From defence
counsel’s mitigation plea in the first trial, it appears that one of the
mitigating factors was that the respondent’s mother had recently passed away
and, according to P80 (see _Record of Proceedings_ vol 6 at p 82), the
respondent only had an elder sister in Bangladesh who was married to a
paralysed husband and who depended on him for support.

98 The cases are both clear and consistent on this point. In the absence of
very exceptional or extreme circumstances, little, if any, weight should be
attached to the fact that the accused’s family will suffer if the accused is
imprisoned for a substantial period of time: see, for example, _Lai Oei Mui
Jenny v PP_ [1993] 3 SLR 305 (at 308, [11]); _PP_ _v Perumal s/o Suppiah_
[2000] 3 SLR 308 (at [23]); and _Ang Jwee Herng v PP_ [2001] 2 SLR 474 (at
[78]). Accordingly, this factor could not, in the present case, have been of
sufficient mitigating value to justify an eight-year departure from the
starting point prescribed in _Frederick Chia_ (at [92] above).

_Relationship between the respondent and the complainant_

99 In our view, it was more likely that the trial judge attached significant
importance to the intimate relationship which had existed between the
respondent and the complainant. Indeed, the trial judge made specific
reference to this novel aspect of the case as follows (see _Mohammed Liton (No
1)_ ([4] _supra_) at [34]):

The _unusual_ aspect of this case is that the complainant and the accused were
lovers not long before the offences were alleged against the accused. For the
avoidance of doubt, I should state that they were lovers in the full sense of
that term, and not merely two persons who were in love – they were consummated
lovers who had sexual intercourse with each other on a regular basis.
[emphasis added]

The trial judge again made reference to this “unusual aspect” of the case just
prior to imposing sentence at the end of the first trial (_Official
Transcript_ for 27 October 2006 at p 721):

Court: Now, this is a most _unusual_ case so I don’t think there’s any point
looking for [precedents] ... nor would this be a precedent for other cases
unless there’s some other case that’s so similar to this.

So on the basis of the facts of this case, I sentence you … [passes sentence]

[emphasis added]

The trial judge’s use of the word “ _unusual_ ” when he referred to the
relationship which had existed between the respondent and the complainant and
his use of the same word when he imposed sentence probably meant that he took
this – _ie_ , the parties’ relationship – to be an extremely significant
factor in considering the appropriate sentence to impose. Thus, we had to
consider whether the intimate relationship between the respondent and the
complainant as “consummated lovers” was of such mitigating value that it
justified the trial judge’s imposition of a sentence which was more than eight
years shorter than the starting point prescribed in _Frederick Chia_ ([92]
_supra_).

(1) Local cases

100 In Singapore, this appears to be the first case in which the issue of the
appropriate sentence to be imposed in a case of “relationship rape” has arisen
for consideration. As such, while we would expect there to be no direct
precedent, we must point out that there are, nevertheless, some decisions
which could aid this court as to the appropriate attitude (if not the
sentence) to be adopted in cases such as this.

101 In _PP v N_ [1999] 4 SLR 619 (“ _N_ ”), the accused forcibly had sexual
intercourse with his wife, but could not be convicted of rape owing to the
marital exception to rape (see the statutory exception in s 375 of the Penal
Code). Nonetheless, in addressing the adequacy of the sentence meted out for
the alternative offence of voluntarily causing hurt, Yong CJ made some very
useful remarks (at [17]–[18]) about the relevance of a prior relationship
between the attacker and the victim in such cases:

As for the remaining charges, I was of the view that a pecuniary punishment
for these offences was also manifestly inadequate. The district judge did not
appear to have addressed his mind to the circumstances surrounding the
commission of the offences and, in particular, the violent behaviour of the
respondent. One relevant consideration was his motive in restraining the wife.
The use of force was deemed necessary by him to compel her to submit to his
sexual desires when she rejected his initial sexual advances. It was held in
_Chia Kim Heng Frederick v PP_ [1992] 1 SLR 361 that sexual intercourse with a
woman against her will ‘must by its very act contain an element of violence’.
Even though the respondent could not be charged for rape because of the
statutory exception set out in s 375 of the Penal Code which provides that a
man shall not be guilty of raping his wife so long as she is not under 13
years of age, this does not detract from the fact that non-consensual sexual
intercourse with the wife is still an act of violence which ought to have been
regarded as an aggravating factor. The wife here was also subjected to further
humiliation by the respondent when she was slapped for refusing to put on the
new blouse he had bought for her.

At this junction, I would like to deal briefly with the prosecution’s
submission that the trial judge had placed undue weight on the fact that the
offences occurred as a result of a domestic dispute. Although the district
judge made a passing reference in his judgment to the fact that ‘the offences
happened consequent to a domestic dispute’, it was not entirely clear as to
the exact weight [which] he ... placed on this factor in deciding on the
sentence. _In my view, it would be wrong to regard this as a mitigating
factor. An offence committed against one’s spouse should not be treated any
less seriously than_ _an offence committed against a complete stranger_.

[emphasis added]

102 In _Liew Kim Yong v PP_ [1989] SLR 97 (“ _Liew Kim Yong_ ”), the accused
was convicted of raping an acquaintance. There appeared to have been no prior
sexual relationship between the accused and the victim; the prior relationship
was solely one of acquaintanceship, in that the parties knew each other before
the rape and were not complete strangers. In that case, this court, sitting as
the then Court of Criminal Appeal, appeared _not_ to have regarded the prior
relationship between the parties as a mitigating factor (_id_ at 105,
[29]–[30]):

We gave anxious consideration to what was said on the appellant's behalf in
the appeal against sentence. There had been no violent assault, no weapon, no
threats; the complainant was a worldly young woman, _the relationship between
her and the appellant prior to the offence had been pleasant and easy-going_ ;
they had been drinking; and the appellant had driven her home after the
offence and telephoned her the next day. Thus it is true to say that many of
the aggravating features of a rape were absent. It was also urged upon us that
the appellant is allergic to pain-killing drugs, and that the sentence of
caning ought to be set aside on this ground as well, since the consequences
would be very painful if that part of the sentence were carried out.

In the event, we dismissed the appeal against sentence as well. Rape involves
an element of depravity, and the more so does a double rape. _There was more
than a hint of premeditation_ – a game of forfeits with which the complainant
was unfamiliar, resulting in her, a nondrinker, consuming two glasses of beer;
dropping [off] Jessica [the complainant’s companion] first when the
complainant had expressly asked to be taken home; going to the High Street car
park close to No 22, to which the appellant had access. It is clear, too, that
the complainant was severely shocked, distressed and humiliated. The learned
trial judge evidently looked at the two offences [namely, the rape committed
by the accused and his abetment of the victim’s rape by another man], in
effect, as one transaction, and imposed sentences which cannot under any
circumstances be described as manifestly excessive. We were not disposed to
interfere with the sentence of caning on the grounds of the appellant's
allergy to analgesics. That was not a matter which we were disposed to take
into account, although it will no doubt have been borne in mind by those
concerned with the execution of that part of the sentence, if drawn to their
attention.

[emphasis added]

103 In our view, it appeared that this court in _Liew Kim Yong_ ([102]
_supra_) regarded the prior relationship between the parties as not being of
mitigating value to the eventual sentence imposed on the accused. Similarly,
in _N_ ([101] _supra_), Yong CJ did not regard the spousal relationship
between the parties as being of any mitigating value, albeit in the context of
a charge of voluntarily causing hurt. In other words, in the limited number of
local cases which have considered the value to be placed on the prior
relationship between the parties in the context of rape, it appears that the
value ascribed has been neither aggravating nor mitigating; instead, it has
been neutral.

(2) English cases

104 In view of the admittedly limited local jurisprudence on this issue, it
would be helpful to look at the position in England. Useful reference may be
made to _The Panel’s Advice_ ([95] _supra_), in which it was noted that there
was evidence that before marital rape became an offence in the UK (as
established in the landmark House of Lords decision of _Regina v R_ [1992] 1
AC 599 and placed on a statutory footing by the Criminal Justice and Public
Order Act 1994 (c 33) (UK)), overall sentencing levels were lower in cases
where the victim had had a pre-existing relationship with the offender
(whether sexual or not), and, in some cases at least, the courts appeared to
have explicitly treated such a relationship as a mitigating factor (see,
generally, _The Panel’s Advice_ at paras 17–21). There is, in fact, some
appellate authority for such an approach, particularly in _R v Arthur John
Berry_ (1988) 10 Cr App R (S) 13 (“ _Berry_ ”), where the English Court of
Appeal observed thus (at 15):

The rape of a former wife or mistress may have exceptional features which make
it a less serious offence than otherwise it would be ... To our mind ... in
some instances the violation of the person and [the] defilement that are
inevitable features where a stranger rapes a woman are not always present to
the same degree when the offender and the victim had previously had a
longstanding sexual relationship.

105 In a similar vein, in _R v Paul Richard M_ (1995) 16 Cr App R (S) 770, the
English Court of Appeal (_per_ Lord Taylor CJ) made a distinction (at 772)
between cases of marital rape where the parties were estranged, and those
where they were still living together:

In the present case we would point out that there is a distinction between a
husband who is estranged from his wife and is parted from her and returns to
the house as an intruder either by forcing his way in or by worming his way in
through some device and then rapes her, and a case where, as here, the husband
is still living in the same house, and, indeed, with consent occupying the bed
as his wife. We do not consider that this class of case is as grave as the
former class.

Such an approach is similar to what Prof Glanville Williams suggested in his
article, “Rape is Rape” (1992) 142 NLJ 11. While Prof Williams was critical
about the martial exemption to rape, he suggested that a husband who raped his
wife should be treated differently from a stranger who did the same. He
suggested that there were four differences worthy of note where the rape was
committed by a husband as compared to a stranger. First, the rape, as
unwelcome to the wife as it was, could not be as horrible as rape by a
stranger. Secondly, the stranger-rapist was a greater menace to society.
Thirdly, the husband-rapist deserved some sympathetic consideration. Fourthly,
the victim herself might want a lesser fate to befall her husband. These
considerations, subject to the appropriate modifications, apply equally to the
present case where there was no husband-wife relationship between the
respondent and the complainant (although the evidence suggests that they were
close to marriage at one stage), but, instead, an intimate relationship which
was also sexual in nature. Indeed, in certain jurisdictions, such an approach
has been embodied in the relevant legal regime itself. It has been pointed out
that in Sweden, for example, the approach is to distinguish between rape by a
stranger and rape by a husband (see Tan Cheng Han, “Marital Rape – Removing
the Husband’s Legal Immunity” (1989) 31 Mal LR 112 at 127). At the time the
article just mentioned was published, rape by a stranger (in the Swedish
context) carried a prison term of no fewer than two and no more than ten
years. In contrast, husbands, being outside this category, were only
vulnerable to prosecution for sexual assault, which carried a maximum sentence
of four years’ imprisonment.

106 We should also note, however, that there has been trenchant academic
criticism of the above approach as well (see, for example, Philip N S Rumney,
“When Rape Isn’t Rape: Court of Appeal Sentencing Practice in Cases of Marital
and Relationship Rape” (1999) 19 OJLS 243).

107 Other cases suggest that a previous sexual relationship between the
offender and victim is generally treated by the English courts as a mitigating
factor, _but one which may be outweighed by aggravating factors such as
violence_ (and see, for example, the English Court of Appeal decision of _R v
Kevin Arthur Workman_ (1988) 10 Cr App R (S) 329). Following the
criminalisation of marital rape, the application of the _Billam_ ([94]
_supra_) guidelines to such a case was explicitly discussed by Lord Taylor CJ
in _R v Stephen W_ (1993) 14 Cr App R (S) 256 (“ _W_ ”), as follows (at 260):

In our judgment, it should not be thought that a different and lower scale of
sentencing attaches automatically to rape by a husband as against that set out
in _Billam_. _All will depend on the circumstances of the individual case._
_Where the parties were cohabiting normally at the time and the husband
insisted on intercourse against his wife’s will, but without violence or
threats, the consideration identified in_ Berry _... will no doubt be an
important factor in reducing the level of sentencing._ Where, however, the
conduct is gross and does involve threats or violence, the facts of the
marriage, of long cohabitation and that the defendant is no stranger will be
of little significance. Clearly between those two extremes there will be many
intermediate degrees of gravity which judges will have to consider case by
case. [emphasis added]

The approach in _W_ does not impose a blanket rule in regard to relationship
rape, but advocates that the courts should consider each case on _its own
facts_ , with the prior relationship of the parties possibly reducing the
level of sentencing in some cases, whilst not in others.

108 However, contrary to the prevailing practice of the English courts as
outlined above, the UK Sentencing Advisory Panel noted in _The Panel’s Advice_
([95] _supra_) that there should be _no_ mitigating value attached to a pre-
existing relationship (whether sexual or not) between the accused and the
complainant. In particular, the Panel observed thus (at para 23):

It appears that the existing practice of the courts, following _Berry_ and
other appellate cases, is to treat the relationship as a mitigating factor,
albeit one for which credit may be reduced or lost in cases where serious
aggravating factors (especially violence) are present. The results of the
Panel’s research project, and of other research into the experience of rape
victims, suggest that in taking this line, the courts have underestimated the
impact of ‘acquaintance rape’ and ‘relationship rape’ on the victims. It is
clear from this research that the sense of violation experienced by the victim
is just as great, whatever the victim’s relationship to the offender. Although
‘stranger rape’ is seen as a more frightening and potentially dangerous
experience, the breach of trust involved in ‘relationship rape’ or
‘acquaintance rape’ makes it equally serious.

109 Moreover, as noted in _The Panel’s Advice_ (([95] _supra_) at para 24),
research evidence, including the findings of the study commissioned by the UK
Sentencing Advisory Panel (see Alan Clarke _et al_ , “Attitudes to Date Rape
and Relationship Rape: A Qualitative Study” (2002) (“ _Study_ ”) (available,
at the time of writing, at http://www.sentencing-
guidelines.gov.uk/docs/research.pdf>)), demonstrates clearly that rape by a
husband or other sexual partner is as serious as “stranger rape” in terms of
its impact on the victim, thus rebutting the idea that the “worst” types of
rapes are those committed by strangers. In addition, the _Study_ also found
(at p 54) that:

[R]ape within a relationship was both experienced as harder to deal with and
recover from by survivors, and perceived as such by many respondents … and
that it was at the very least not any less serious than stranger rape and
should not be judged as such.

As some of the victims interviewed in the _Study_ pointed out, marriage
implied reciprocity in terms of loving, caring and protecting, which was
incompatible with the use of force by one partner (_id_ at p 11).

110 Taking into account all of these considerations, the UK Sentencing
Advisory Panel proposed (see _The Panel’s Advice_ ([95] _supra_) at para 26)
that the English Court of Appeal should make a clear statement to the effect
that the starting point for sentencing for rape offences was that cases of
“relationship rape” and “acquaintance rape” were to be treated as being of
equal seriousness to cases of “stranger rape”, with the sentence increased or
reduced, in each case, by the presence of specific aggravating or mitigating
factors. Thus, the relationship between the parties was _not_ to be taken as a
mitigating factor by itself.

111 The English Court of Appeal in _Millberry_ ([93] _supra_) “generally
agree[d]” (at [9]) with these propositions. It then quoted (at [12]) from para
41 of a paper published in November 2002 by the UK Home Office entitled
“Protecting the Public” (Cmnd 5668, 2002) (available, at the time of writing,
at http://www.homeoffice.gov.uk/documents/protecting-the-
public.pdf?view=Binary>), as follows:

Date rape has recently received much attention in the media and there have
been calls for the creation of a separate offence of date rape. Our view is
that rape is rape, and cannot be divided in this way into more and less
serious offences. It can be just as traumatic to be raped by someone you know
and trust who has chosen you as his victim, as by a stranger who sexually
assaults the first man or woman who passes by. It is up to the courts to take
all the particular circumstances of a case into account before determining the
appropriate penalty.

Agreeing that this should be the approach of the English courts, the court in
_Millberry_ then pronounced its own views on the punishment for “relationship
rape” as distinguished from “stranger rape” as follows (at [13]):

_There will be an appropriate starting point that we have yet to identify that
will be the same for each of these different classes of rape. This does not
mean that the sentence will be the same in the case of all offences to which
the relevant starting point applies._ All the circumstances of the particular
offence, including the circumstances relating to the particular victim and the
particular offender, are relevant. Clearly, there can be mitigating
circumstances as the panel recognises. Where, for example, the offender is the
husband of the victim there can, but not necessarily, be mitigating features
that clearly cannot apply to a rape by a stranger. On the other hand, as the
advice from the panel points out, as is confirmed by the research commissioned
by the panel, because of the existence of a relationship the victim can feel
particularly bitter about an offence of rape, regarding it as a breach of
trust. This may, in a particular case, mean that looking at the offence from
the victim’s point of view, the offence is as bad as a “stranger rape”. _The
court has the task of balancing any circumstances of mitigation against the
aggravating circumstances. In drawing the balance it is not to be overlooked,
when considering “stranger rape”, that the victim’s fear can be increased
because her assailant is an unknown quantity._ Is he a murderer as well as a
rapist? In addition, there is the fact (not referred to specifically by the
panel) that when a rape is committed by a stranger in a public place, not only
is the offence horrific to the victim it can also frighten other members of
the public. This element is less likely to be a factor that is particularly
important in a case of marital rape [where] the parties to the marriage are
living together. [emphasis added]

The court proceeded to observe later, as follows (at [26]):

There are ... differences of emphasis because of the need to recognise that
where there is a relationship the impact on a particular victim can still be
particularly serious. In other cases this may not be the situation because of
the ongoing nature of the relationship between the offender and the victim. In
such a situation the impact on the victim may be less. It may also be the case
where, while the offender's conduct cannot be excused, the continuing close
nature of the relationship can explain how a particular offender came to
commit what is always a serious offence that is out of character. There can be
situations where the offender and victim are sharing the said same bed on a
regular basis and prior to retiring to bed both had been out drinking and
because of the drink that the offender consumed he failed to show the
restraint he should have. It would be contrary to common sense to treat such a
category of rape as equivalent to stranger rape as, on one interpretation of
the research material, the panel could appear to be suggesting.

112 While the English Court of Appeal in _Millberry_ ([93] _supra_) apparently
drew no distinction between “stranger rape” and “relationship rape”, it will
be appreciated that its remark (as set out at [111] above) that “when
considering ‘stranger rape’, ... the victim’s fear can be increased because
her assailant is an unknown quantity” shows that the court expressed at least
some implicit reservation to the effect that there were circumstances in which
the relationship between the accused and the complainant could, _by itself_ ,
be of mitigating value. Indeed, the learned authors of _Rook & Ward on Sexual
Offences Law and Practice_ (Sweet & Maxwell, 3rd Ed, 2004) note (at para 1.33)
that the English Court of Appeal was “reluctant to place the culpability of
‘stranger rape’ and ‘relationship rape’ or ‘acquaintance rape’ on precisely
the same footing”, and that it “emphasised the need to consider, on a case-by-
case basis, any aggravating or mitigating factors”.

113 Whatever the merits of the apparent distinctions between “relationship
rape” and “stranger rape” drawn in _Millberry_ ([93] _supra_) and
notwithstanding the broad acceptance of _The Panel’s Advice_ ([95] _supra_) in
the same case, the position in England is probably still that which was
enunciated in _W_ ([107] _supra_), which is that while the relationship
between the parties may have mitigating value _by itself_ (and whatever value
this factor has is now probably greatly diminished in the light of the general
pronouncement in _Millberry_ that all rapes are to be treated alike), this may
be neutralised or outweighed by other factors in the context of each
individual case.

(3) Parties’ prior relationship to be taken into consideration with all the
relevant facts

114 In our view, it would be unwise to apply an inflexible rule whereby the
prior relationship between the parties would be automatically regarded as an
aggravating, a mitigating or a neutral factor.

115 We acknowledge that there have been studies which show that the trauma
caused to women who have been raped by a non-stranger may in fact be worse
than if they had been raped by a stranger, primarily because the element of
breach of trust makes the act even more hurtful. As such, to treat _all_ prior
relationships as being of mitigating value in cases of rape would be wrong.
Indeed, we agree with _The Panel’s Advice_ (as set out at [108] above) that
“relationship rape” and “acquaintance rape” are not less serious. It is a myth
that there is _always_ less “violation” in such cases as compared to
“stranger” rapes. Rape in such circumstances is not _always_ less grave.
Indeed, it might be said that the impact on the woman is not less inasmuch as
she is not less defiled or violated simply because she has previously had
consensual sex with the accused.

116 In so far as the issue of whether the parties’ prior relationship should
constitute an _aggravating_ factor is concerned, it has been said that the
element of breach of trust involved is a factor which further _aggravates_ the
crime. Prof Kate Warner put this most aptly in “Sentencing in cases of marital
rape: towards changing the male imagination” (2000) 20 Legal Studies 592,
where she observed (at 601):

It could be added that the wrong of rape lies in the fact that an act that is
valued because it expresses connection and intimacy is abused to express power
and domination, to objectify, humiliate and degrade. _Surely if sexual
intercourse is abused by one with whom the victim has experienced sexual
intercourse as an act of love,_ _the violation is greater rather then less.
Certainly, the element of breach of trust makes the act more hurtful_. To be
hurt by a family member or close friend, by insult or betrayal, is worse than
if the same thing is done by a stranger. What changes when it is rape?
[emphasis added]

In our view, just as it would be wrong to treat the prior relationship between
the parties as _always_ being a mitigating factor, it would be _equally wrong_
to treat this factor as _always_ being an aggravating one. With respect, the
views of Lord Taylor CJ in _W_ ([107] _supra_) are undoubtedly of useful
guidance. We agree that the effect of any prior relationship between the
parties will _depend on all the circumstances of the case_. Such an approach
is also consistent with the approach taken by the local courts in _Liew Kim
Yong_ ([102] _supra_) and _N_ ([101] _supra_), in which the prior relationship
between the parties was treated as a neutral factor as a starting point, which
could then be either aggravating or mitigating, depending on the facts of the
case. With these principles in mind, we now turn to the facts of the present
case.

(4) Application to the present case

117 We commence with _Frederick Chia_ ([92] _supra_). In that case, the
accused pleaded guilty to the rape (under s 376(1) of the Penal Code) of a
16-year-old girl. Prior to the act of rape, the appellant had forced the
victim to masturbate and fellate him. There was no prior relationship between
the parties. The appellant was sentenced to eight years’ imprisonment and
eight strokes of the cane, a sentence which was upheld on appeal.

118 In the present case, there was undoubtedly a prior relationship between
the respondent and the complainant. It was significant that the parties had
engaged in intimate sexual activities (although, according to the complainant,
this intimacy did not escalate to sexual intercourse) just a few days before
the offences took place on 23 December 2005. Specifically, on around 19
December 2005, the complainant had masturbated the respondent and had also
performed fellatio on him (see [13] above). After the complainant was raped on
23 December 2005, she engaged in consensual sex with the respondent, although
this was for a short while and allegedly because she wanted to please the
respondent so as to be set free. The significance of these sexual activities
may be that the complainant was not as traumatised as she might have been
after the incident of rape, although we must emphasise that our comments in
this regard must not be taken to downplay the actual trauma felt by the
complainant at the material time.

119 In addition, as the trial judge noted in _Mohammed Liton (No 1)_ ([4]
_supra_ at [34]), it was a fair conclusion that the parties had been deeply in
love with one another, to the extent that they had even contemplated marrying
each other, and the respondent had in fact sold off his land in Bangladesh
with the intention of using the money to marry the complainant. On 23 December
2005, the series of events prior to the rape had the characteristics of a
lovers’ quarrel which, unfortunately, escalated into something that neither
party, we believe, wanted. In our view, there was no premeditation on the part
of the respondent, and what transpired on 23 December 2005 was the result of
the respondent losing control of himself in the midst of the quarrel. We did
not believe that the respondent had lured the complainant to the flat with the
intention to rape her. Indeed, as the evidence revealed, he had simply wanted
her to sign some forms, which in turn led to the quarrel between the parties
which formed the foundation for the unfortunate events which happened
subsequently. Such a characterisation is further supported by the respondent’s
own statements that he had lost control of his mind while he was raping the
complainant as he was deeply in love with her. Finally, the intimate and
_consensual_ sexual activities which the parties engaged in, so close to the
rape and even _after_ the rape itself, lent further strength to the
characterisation of what had happened as being wholly unplanned and
unforeseen.

120 Ultimately, these facts are quite different from those in _Frederick Chia_
([92] _supra_), which concerned the rape of a 16-year-old girl. This court
paid particular attention to the fact that the accused in that case was in
something of a responsible position of trust towards the victim, because he
had in fact been charged with the responsibility of conducting her safely home
on the night of the incident. This factor made violence unnecessary and caused
the victim to be less prepared for his advances, and, further, made it more
difficult for her to defend herself against him. The accused had also
prevented the victim from escaping from his car (which was where the rape took
place) twice before he raped her. In addition, he had forced her, by
threatening her with the loss of her virginity, to put up with the additional
indignity of masturbating and fellating him. Accordingly, this court upheld
the lower court’s sentence of _eight_ years’ imprisonment and eight strokes of
the cane. As our analysis of the facts above (at [119]) shows, the present
appeal did not concern an abuse of a position of trust; what happened was due
to impulse, with no premeditation involved. The entire context of the case
made it possible for the prior relationship between the parties to be viewed
as having mitigating value.

121 We must emphasise that our comments in this regard must not be interpreted
to mean that a prior relationship between an accused and the complainant in an
offence of rape _always_ has mitigating value. As we have stressed earlier,
each case must be considered on its own facts; it would be an abdication of
the judicial function of a sentencing court to formulate and apply blanket
rules without due regard to the unique facts which are capable of arising in
each case. This is especially needful in the criminal context, where the life
and liberty of the accused are at stake. We must also stress that we are not
downplaying in any way the hurt which was undoubtedly caused to the
complainant. Indeed, we acknowledge that there were some aggravating factors
in this case, particularly the fact that the respondent sodomised the
complainant, took the nude photographs and used a knife against her (even
though he had not intended to use the knife to facilitate the commission of
the subsequent rape). However, we note that some of the aggravating factors
were the subject of separate charges, and would bear this in mind when
considering the appropriate sanction for the rape offence. The overall
circumstances should always be borne in mind in each case because it would
naturally be more traumatic for a victim to be subject to a series of
offences, one after another, not knowing when the torment will end.

122 Taking all the circumstances into consideration, we were of the view that
an appropriate sentence would be six years’ imprisonment and four strokes of
the cane, and we allowed the appeal in respect of this charge accordingly.

**_The seventh charge (carnal intercourse against the order of nature)_**

_Previous sentencing precedents_

123 The trial judge imposed a sentence of two years’ imprisonment on the
seventh charge of carnal intercourse against the order of nature (sodomy, in
this case) under s 377 of the Penal Code. In this respect, s 377 provides as
follows:

**Unnatural offences**

**377.** Whoever voluntarily has carnal intercourse against the order of
nature with any man, woman or animals, shall be punished with imprisonment for
life, or with imprisonment for a term which may extend to 10 years, and shall
also be liable to fine.

124 As the authors of _Sentencing Practice_ ([87] _supra_) note at p 318,
carnal intercourse committed by way of sodomy represents “the gravest form of
sexual abuse”, especially when vulnerable children are involved. It contains,
by its very act, an element of violence: see _Lim Hock Hin Kelvin v PP_ [1998]
1 SLR 801 (“ _Kelvin Lim_ ”). Next in the scale of seriousness would be a case
where the accused coerced or cajoled a young victim to perform the act of
fellatio on him. At the bottom of the scale would be a case where the offender
himself performs the act of fellatio on his victim: see _Adam bin Darsin v PP_
[2001] 2 SLR 412.

125 Apart from making a distinction in sentencing on the basis of the form of
the unnatural carnal intercourse, other facts relevant to sentencing for this
particular type of offence would be consent or the lack thereof, as well as
the age of the victim. There are, in this regard, three broad categories of
unnatural carnal intercourse: (a) that between consenting adults; (b) that
between non-consenting adults; and (c) that committed on young victims.
Offences between consenting adults would be viewed as the least serious. As
imprisonment is mandatory, these offences are likely to be dealt with by short
custodial sentences. As for offences against non-consenting adults, a
substantial term of imprisonment can be expected in such cases. The six-month
imprisonment term for fellatio imposed by the trial judge in _PP v Victor
Rajoo_ [1995] 3 SLR 417, albeit allowed to stand by this court, must be
understood in the light of the fact that the trial judge was of the view that
the victim had been a consenting party and the fact that the Prosecution did
not appeal against the trial judge’s decision on this particular charge. Thus,
in _Kanagasuntharam v PP_ [1992] 1 SLR 81 (“ _Kanagasuntharam_ ”), in which
the accused pleaded guilty to a charge of rape with hurt and two charges of
voluntarily having carnal intercourse, this court upheld the High Court’s
sentence of 14 years’ imprisonment and 24 strokes for the rape charge, six
years’ imprisonment for the fellatio charge and eight years’ imprisonment for
the sodomy charge, with the sentences for the rape and sodomy charges to run
consecutively. It should be noted that the accused had a previous conviction
for rape, for which he had received a sentence of four years’ imprisonment in
1987. In addition, for the purpose of sentencing, the accused also had two
other charges of voluntarily having carnal intercourse against the order of
nature taken into consideration. These last-mentioned offences took place, in
fact, shortly before the three offences which the accused pleaded guilty to.

126 In a related context, the guideline and benchmark for sentencing
paedophiles are to be found in _Kelvin Lim_ ([124] _supra_). In that case,
this court stated that the starting point in sentencing paedophiles who
committed unnatural carnal intercourse (in the form of sodomy) against young
children below the age of 14 years, without any aggravating or mitigating
factors, was ten years’ imprisonment. It made no difference whether the victim
was a young girl or boy. The court would then have to consider the aggravating
and mitigating factors in increasing or reducing the sentence.

_Whether the sentence imposed by the trial judge was manifestly inadequate_

127 The first factor for consideration in the present appeal is that of
consent. It was clear that the complainant did not consent to the sodomy in
the present case. The respondent in P73 said (at para 12):

I rested for a short while before I lifted up one of her legs and put her
lying sideway. Her hand was still tied behind her back. I then inserted my
penis into her anus. [The complainant] then told me it was very painful and
started to cry. At that time I [had] already lost my mind, I was very angry
because I love her so much. I continued to move my penis in and out of her
anus until I felt the urge to ejaculate. ...

And then, in reply to Q11 in the same statement:

Q11 When you were performing anal sex to [the complainant], did she plead with
you to stop?

Ans: I do not know. I [had] already lost control of myself.

The lack of consent was also evident in P80, in which the respondent said in
reply to Q79:

Q79 On 23rd December 2005, in your house at 174B Joo Chiat Place, did you tell
[the complainant] anything when you want[ed] to perform anal sex on her?

Ans: Before I want[ed] to have anal sex with her[,] I asked her ‘backside
backside’ and she did not say anything. She just lay there motionless.

128 Since there was no consent and this case concerned sodomy, which is
regarded as the “gravest form of sexual abuse” (see [124] above), a
substantial custodial sentence should be imposed. In this respect, the trial
judge’s imposition of a two-year term of imprisonment is short compared to the
eight-year term imposed in _Kanagasuntharam_ ([125] _supra_), even taking into
account the fact that the accused in that case had antecedents for sexual
offences. One must also consider this court’s statement in _Kelvin Lim_ ([124]
_supra_) that the starting point for sentences for sodomy with non-consenting
young victims is ten years’ imprisonment (see [126] above). Accordingly,
taking these factors into account, together with the existence and the effect
of the prior relationship between the parties, we were of the view that a
suitable term of imprisonment was five years, and we allowed the appeal in
relation to the sentence imposed on the seventh charge accordingly.

**_Summary in relation to the appeal against sentence_**

129 To summarise, we allowed the appeal against the respondent’s sentence in
relation to the sixth and seventh charges and increased the sentences therein
to six years’ imprisonment and four strokes of the cane, and five years’
imprisonment, respectively. However, we dismissed the appeal with regard to
the sentence imposed in relation to the fourth charge.

**_Consecutive or concurrent sentences_**

130 Since this was a case in which the respondent was convicted and sentenced
to imprisonment for at least three distinct offences, s 18 of the CPC, which
provides that the sentences for at least two of those offences shall run
consecutively, came into play. In this respect, the sentencing court is
invested with the discretion as to which, and how many, of the sentences ought
to run consecutively, and there is no absolute rule precluding the court from
making more than two sentences consecutive: see, for example, _P Shanmugam v
PP_ [2000] 2 SLR 673 and _Maideen Pillai v PP_ [1996] 1 SLR 161. When
exercising its discretion, the court should have regard to the common law
principles of sentencing applicable to the imposition of consecutive
sentences, namely, the “one transaction rule” and the totality principle (see,
_inter alia_ , _Kanagasuntharam_ ([125] _supra_) at 83, [5] and 84, [12]).

131 In our view, as the rape and the sodomy (_ie_ , the sixth and seventh
charges) arose in the same transaction, there was no need to impose a
consecutive sentence in relation to these two offences so as to reflect their
severity in the circumstances of this case. Accordingly, we ordered the
sentences for only the fourth and sixth charges to run consecutively.

**Conclusion**

132 To summarise:

In so far as the appeal against acquittal was concerned:

(a) We dismissed the appeal in relation to the first, third and eighth
charges.

(b) We allowed the appeal against the second and fifth charges, and we
sentenced the respondent to two months’ imprisonment on each of these charges.

In so far as the appeal against sentence was concerned:

(a) We dismissed the appeal in relation to the fourth charge.

(b) We allowed the appeal in relation to the sixth and seventh charges, and
sentenced the respondent to:

(i) six years’ imprisonment and four strokes of the cane on the sixth charge;
and

(ii) five years’ imprisonment on the seventh charge.

We ordered the sentences for the fourth and sixth charges to run
consecutively, and the rest of the sentences to run concurrently with these
two sentences, all with effect from 27 December 2005. The total sentence
imposed on the respondent was, therefore, six years and three months’
imprisonment and four strokes of the cane.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 31 Oct 2007 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

