Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Tan Siew Bin Ronnie v Chin Wee Keong  
[2007] SGHC 168

Case Number | : | Suit 1149/1999, RA 600006/2007, 600007/2007  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 08 October 2007  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Chan Seng Onn J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Ramasamy Chettiar (ACIES Law Corporation) for the plaintiff; Fazal Mohamed bin Abdul Karim (B Rao & K S Rajah) for the defendant   
Parties | : |  Tan Siew Bin Ronnie — Chin Wee Keong   
  
Tort – Negligence – Damages – Assessment – Interest – Cut-off date for
interest on damages awarded – Interest awarded for damages for pain and
suffering and loss of amenities – Interest awarded damages for loss of earning
capacity  
  
Tort – Negligence – Damages – Assessment – Whiplash injury – Assessment of
damages for pain and suffering and loss of amenities – Assessment of damages
for loss of earning capacity – Approach to assessment  
  

8 October 2007  |   
---|---  
  
Chan Seng Onn J:

1 The plaintiff sustained whiplash injury as a result of a road traffic
accident on 2 September 1996 when the defendant’s lorry loaded with about 500
kg of metal stacked on movable pallets collided with the plaintiff’s car.
Interlocutory judgment was entered on 1 February 2000 in favour of the
plaintiff. After several days of hearing in 2006, Assistant Registrar Ang
Ching Pin (“AR”) delivered her judgment on 3 May 2007, assessing the damages
to be as follows:

1) |  Special Damages (agreed) |  S$4,947.71  
---|---|---  
2) |  General Damages for Pain and Suffering and Loss of Amenities (assessed) |  S$24,000.00  
3) |  Loss of Earning Capacity (assessed) |  S$100,000.00  
4) |  Future Medical Expenses (assessed) |  S$6,800.00  
5) |  Interest on item 2 ($24,000.00) at 5.33%per annum from 12.8.99 (date of service of Writ) to 31.8.03 [1480days] |  S$5,186.90  
6) |  Interest on item 1 ($4,947.71) at 3% per annum from 2.9.96 (date of accident) to 31.08.03 (2544 days) |  _S$1,034.50_  
|  |  _S$141,969.11_  
  
2 The plaintiff appealed against the quantum of damages for items 2 and 3 of
the award and the interest rate and the cut-off date for the interest in items
5 and 6 of the award. The defendant appealed against the quantum of damages
for items 2 and 3 of the award.

3 I upheld the AR’s assessment but varied the interest rate for item 5 from
5.33% to 6% p.a. The parties have appealed against my decision and I now give
my reasons.

4 The AR found that the plaintiff had suffered whiplash injury to the cervical
spine with residual disabilities such as frontal headaches, neck stiffness and
occasional bouts of vertigo. On occasions, he would experience frontal
headaches, spinning sensations and his shoulders would become tight and
painful. These symptoms would usually occur during the late afternoons, when
he read for a long and continuous period of time or when he handled trials of
more than three or four days. On 26 June 1997 and 2 July 1997, he had a
significant attack of giddiness. The plaintiff’s wife and ex-colleagues gave
evidence on the extent of the debilitating effects on the plaintiff during and
outside of work when the symptoms manifested.

5 The doctors called by both parties generally agreed, however, that the
plaintiff was pain-free most of the time.

6 At the appeal, both counsel relied extensively on a table summarising the
medical evidence which counsel for the defendant had prepared. It would be
helpful to reproduce it here, with some corrections made to reflect the
correct dates for the various medical reports: see Annex A.

**[LawNet Admin Note: Click on the link to the PDF above to see Annex A]**

7 Dr Lai Chan See examined the plaintiff in 2001 some four and a half years
after the accident. He evaluated the plaintiff’s permanent impairments in
accordance with the criteria in the American Medical Association’s “ _Guides
to the Evaluation of Permanent Impairment_ ” (“Guide”) and found as follows:

|  **% Impairment of  
Whole Person**  
---|---  
Neck extension to 40º |  2%  
Neck flexion to 45º |  1%  
Neck rotation 65º to right |  1%  
Neck rotation 55º to left |  1%  
Neck lateral flexion 20º to right |  2%  
Neck lateral flexion 25º to left |  1%  
**Combined neck impairment** |  **8%**  
Vertigo, where the usual activities of daily living are performed without assistance except for complex activities |  9%  
**Total Combined Impairment** |  **16%**[note: 1]  
  
8 Dr Lai opined that the plaintiff had a 16% total combined impairment of his
whole person caused by the recurrent vertigo and the limitation in the range
of his neck movements. The neck pains and headaches would affect the
plaintiff’s mental concentration during pre-trial preparation and his mental
agility at trial. His productive working hours would be reduced and stress
would aggravate his symptoms. The plaintiff experienced recurrent vertigo,
usually brought on by elevating his head after it had been held in a flexed
position for some time. On the occasion that it occurred in court, it was a
very distressing experience for him. Dr Lai concluded that the permanent
impairments had adversely affected the plaintiff’s performance as a litigation
lawyer.

9 On re-examination of the plaintiff in 2006, Dr Lai found some improvement in
the plaintiff’s condition. Dr Lai reduced the total combined impairment rating
to 14%.

10 In view of the supporting medical evidence, I accepted that the accident
had caused the plaintiff to suffer from whiplash injury to the cervical spine
with residual permanent disabilities, which included frontal headaches, neck
pain and stiffness, giddiness and vertigo, although he was pain-free most of
the time. I also accepted the evidence that the plaintiff’s residual
disabilities adversely affected his work as a litigation lawyer to some
degree, especially when the symptoms manifested themselves. However, he has
learnt to cope by avoiding certain neck movements which would likely trigger
the onset of vertigo. His condition has improved and stabilised since the
accident.

11 The main difficulty was to assess the quantum of the damages to be awarded.
A sensible way forward would be to examine the awards in other comparable
cases and use them as a guide to assess the amounts that should be given in
this case. I was fully mindful that each case has to be decided on its own
facts.

Pain, suffering and loss of amenities

12 Counsel for the defendant submitted that the amount awarded for pain,
suffering and loss of amenities should be about $16,000 whereas counsel for
the plaintiff contended that it should be in the region of $35,000.

13 In _Kuan Whye Mun v Yeoh Woei Chi Nicholas_ (DC Suit No 964 of 2003) (“
_Kuan_ ”), the plaintiff suffered from whiplash injury and was awarded $18,000
for pain and suffering, and $70,000 for loss of earning capacity. She had pain
in her neck and back. The medical report of Dr Sayampanathan stated that in
between visits to his clinic, her pain was very bad. She required pain killer
injections and medication. The frequent injections she received led to the
development of inflammation and painful lumps in both her buttocks. Both the
neck and back injuries were severe to the extent that there were neurological
problems. MRI scans of the cervical spine showed a reversal of the cervical
lordosis. There was evidence of damage to the spinal disc at C5/6 level
resulting in a small postero-central disc protrusion at the same level. In
contrast, the plaintiff in the present case did not have neurological
abnormalities or deficits. Dr Ho, the plaintiff’s medical witness, stated that
there was no cervical root disease or spinal cord involvement. In my view, the
plaintiff in _Kuan_ suffered a greater degree of pain and suffering than the
plaintiff in the present case.

14 In _Doris Chia Ming Lai v Wendy Woo Siew Mei_ (DC Suit No 1359 of 1999) (“
_Doris_ ”), the plaintiff, a lawyer, was awarded $15,000 as general damages
and $60,000 for loss of earning capacity after sustaining an extension injury
of the neck with residual symptoms, which included giddiness, headaches and
neck pain. These residual symptoms were likely to be permanent. The pain was
of sufficient severity to interfere with her typing and reading. She
complained of constant headaches, which would start at the beginning of the
day and worsen as the day progressed. Side-to-side neck movements produced
giddiness, and extension of her neck produced extreme giddiness. Her working
hours were reduced because of the mental distractions from the constant neck
pains and headaches. Using the evaluation criteria in the Guide, Dr Lai Chan
See assessed the plaintiff to have a combined neck impairment of 7% and a
giddiness impairment of 5%, giving a total combined permanent impairment of 12
%.

15 In the present case, the plaintiff’s headaches normally set in during the
late afternoons after he had been concentrating at work. According to Dr Ho’s
latest medical report dated 9 February 2006, the plaintiff’s clinical status
had improved. His episodes of cervicogenic vertigo had become less frequent.
His neck movements also improved, although restricted neck movement to the
left remained. Persistent myofascial trigger points in the left neck,
shoulder, scalp and jaw, and frequent severe tension-type headaches continued.
I accepted that the plaintiff’s total combined permanent impairment, assessed
at 16% (and later reduced to 14%) by Dr Lai, was greater than that of the
plaintiff in _Doris_.

16 In _Karrupiah Nirmala v Singapore Bus Services Ltd_ [2002] 3 SLR 415 (“
_Karrupiah_ ”), the plaintiff sustained hyperextension injury and was awarded
$24,000 for pain and suffering and loss of amenities. The doctor explained
that the ligament holding the front of the bone was tender and the joints at
the back were injured and swollen. The swelling had put pressure on the nerve
and caused pain. The plaintiff would have chronic neckache and episodes of
radiculopathy. The injury aggravated her cervical spondylosis and accelerated
its deterioration and this could, in the long term, lead to sufficient pain or
neurological compromise so as to require surgery.

17 In _Nirumalan V Kanapathi Pillay v Teo Eng Chuan_ [2003] 3 SLR 601 (“
_Nirumalan_ ”), the plaintiff suffered whiplash injury to the spine with
posterior disc prolapse at the C5/C6 and C6/C7 levels. His congenitally narrow
spinal canal made him susceptible to complete paralysis should he suffer
another jolt. His condition would continue to degenerate if there was no
surgical intervention. He suffered from weakness in both hands, a stiff neck
and frequent headaches. He was awarded $30,000 for pain and suffering. It
would appear that the plaintiff in _Nirumalan_ was in a far worse condition
than the plaintiff in the present case who did not require any corrective
surgery.

18 The AR’s award of $24,000 might appear generous when benchmarked against
the $18,000 awarded in _Kuan_. But assessing the damages _de novo_ on the
basis of the evidence before the AR and the AR’s findings (see _Teo Seng Kiat
v Goh Hwa Teck_ [2003] 1 SLR 333; _Chang Ah Lek & Ors v Lim Ah Koon_ [1999] 1
SLR 82), I decided that an award of $24,000 for pain, suffering and loss of
amenities was broadly fair and reasonable, considering the different degrees
of severity of the injuries and the quantum awarded in other cases, the
monetary inflation and the plaintiff’s age at the time of the accident. The
amount given must be sufficient so as not to trivialise the pain, suffering,
inconvenience from the permanent impairments, and the loss of enjoyment of
amenities from the time of the accident, including the frustrations and other
psychological effects arising therefrom, which the plaintiff would have to
bear.

Loss of earning capacity

**_Background of the plaintiff_**

19 After the plaintiff was admitted to the bar in March 1991, he joined M/s
Murphy & Dunbar as a legal assistant and built up a profile in litigation
work. In May 1995, he moved to M/s Donaldson & Burkinshaw as a partner. He
resigned in June 1996 to start his own firm, M/s Ronnie Tan & Associates (‘RT
& A’). Two months later on 2 September 1996, the unfortunate accident took
place. The plaintiff was 36 years old at that time. On 1 July 1997, he joined
M/s Mas & Partners. A year later, he moved to M/s WT Woon & Co. In May 2002,
he left to start his own firm, Central Chambers Law Corporation.

**_Income of the plaintiff_**

20 The following were extracted from the income tax returns of the plaintiff:-

**Year** |  **Annual Earned Income**  
---|---  
1995 |  $66,786.10  
1996 |  $85,783.80  
1997 |  $152,083.00  
1998 |  $95,653.00  
1999 |  $112,942.00  
2000 |  $124,823.00  
2001 |  $147,762.00  
2002 |  $102,905.00  
2003 |  $113,670.00  
  
21 The income for 1997 was unusually high because the plaintiff closed down
his own firm - RT & A - and sent out many bills for work done before 1997.
Based on the income figures above, I would not be far wrong if I were to
assess his income to be about $120,000 per annum at the time of the accident
in September 1996 (based on the average income of $118,933 per annum for 1996
and 1997). From 1998 to 2003, his income fluctuated between $96,000 and
$148,000 per annum, giving an average income of $116,292 per annum for this
period. For simplicity, I would just adopt a slightly higher average post-
trial income of $120,000 per annum for this assessment, which would also have
allowed for some increases in earned income in later years.

**_Evidence of loss of earning capacity_**

22 To better understand how the injuries sustained in the accident had
diminished his work capacity, and adversely affected his productivity and
performance as a lawyer, I set out in full what the plaintiff affirmed in his
affidavit:

(i) I am a litigation lawyer. Litigation work and its nature does have its
effect on my condition. There are pressures from the clients and litigation
deadlines. The hours are long and at times while managing shooting pains in
the neck or between the eyes, my efficiency is reduced. I have no alternative
but to slow down on my reading from about 3.30pm to 4.00pm onwards. I then
carry on at a much slower pace. This is frustrating at times.

(ii) Long trials affect me say after the 3rd or 4th day. As a litigator
involved in trials in the Subordinate Courts and the High Court, it is a
challenge to manage the condition, at least for long trials. I have had
instances when after the 2nd or 3rd day of hearing, I had to ask the trial
judge for frequent breaks. There have been occasions when even opposing
counsel had to help massage my upper spine and back for me.

(iii) Reading for long periods (1 to 2 hours) brings about shooting pains up
my neck area. At times, I experience tightness over my shoulders and
experience shooting pains up my neck. That always causes a mood swing. I
become irritable and it affects my work and relationship with my colleagues
and staff members. Even my clients have not been spared this.

(iv) I got bouts of giddiness. These episodes are actually feelings of light
headedness with sensations of being afloat. There have been episodes of
giddiness in Court and while I was driving. There was such an incident in the
Subordinates Courts Bar Room when I felt giddy after speaking with a fellow
solicitor. At that time, I had my head held towards the left side for about a
minute or so while speaking with him. I recall that on one occasion when I had
to appear before Justice Tan Lee Meng in the High Court, I had an attack of
giddiness while driving to Court. When I arrived in Court, the learned Judge
saw the state that I was in and asked me to adjourn the matter and to go back
and rest. On another occasion when I drove out on a Sunday to buy food for my
family, I had a similar attack of giddiness and spinning. There have been
other countless occasions of feelings of spinning sensations and nausea. As
advised by the doctors, I would either lie down or sit with my eyes closed
until the episode passes. The last attack was in September this year after
having dinner with my wife. I was in the middle of a difficult High Court
trial during that week.

(v) My mood swings are still there. This has at times affected my clients, my
colleagues and my staff. I have raised my voice and shouted at them on many
occasions. Some of my clients have not been very sympathetic even when they
know of my condition.

23 The plaintiff said that if not for the accident, he would have been able to
earn more than what he had earned since 1997, although he could not say with
certainty how much more that would have been. He decided to claim for loss of
earning capacity and not loss of earnings.

**_A ssessment of loss of earnings / loss of earning capacity_**

24 Apart from some bald assertions, the plaintiff could not produce credible
evidence of (a) the amount of legal business he was compelled to turn away for
the period between the date of the accident and the trial date; and (b) the
extra income that he could otherwise have earned during that period, if not
for the accident which reduced his work capacity and efficiency. If he had
produced the evidence, I would have assessed such pre-trial loss of earnings
accordingly. There was none. Furthermore, with the income of the plaintiff
gradually trending upwards after the accident, it would be more difficult for
the plaintiff to establish that he had in fact turned away legal work because
of his injuries. Accordingly, I assessed his “loss of pre-trial earnings” to
be zero. Having assessed the “loss of pre-trial earnings” to be zero, there
would be no reason, as will be seen from the cases below, to award any amount
for “pre-trial loss of earning capacity” on top of the “loss of pre-trial
earnings”.

25 I shall explain further. The actual state of affairs between the time of
the accident and the time of trial would be known. Hence, there would be no
“unknown risks” or “unknown factors” exacerbating the loss which must be
accounted for. In a sense, all such “unknowns”, would be known and manifested
in the actual income earned for the pre-trial period. For instance, if there
was a risk of termination, and he was in fact never terminated during the pre-
trial period, the probability of termination during that period would be zero
as no termination took place. Hence, in most cases, the assessment of pre-
trial loss of earnings could be made with a fair degree of accuracy on account
of the facts being already available, unlike that for post-trial losses. As
such, even if the “pre-trial loss of earning capacity” were to be
quantifiable, it should have been subsumed under “loss of pre-trial earnings”
to avoid any unintended double counting: see also the case of _Teo Seng Kiat_
([18] _supra_).

26 Hence, it remained for me to assess the potential future financial losses
arising from the injuries and the permanent diminished earning capacity of the
plaintiff, _ie_ , the “post-trial loss of earning capacity” or the “post-trial
loss of earnings” as the case may be, from the trial date till the plaintiff’s
retirement from work, which I will refer to as the “post-trial period.”

27 Before I did so, I considered the cases cited by counsel. In _Nirumalan_
([17] supra) no award for “pre-trial loss of earning capacity” was given as
the plaintiff did not stop working and his pre-trial earnings were not
affected although there was clear evidence that he had cut back on his work
since the accident. Kan Ting Chiu J noted that with the injuries continuing to
affect his ability to work, it was likely that the plaintiff might have to
reduce his share of the firm’s earnings, or retire earlier than he would have
liked. On the basis that the plaintiff would have worked for the next 15 years
(post-trial) till he was 65 years old, and taking account of the fact that he,
being the founding and managing partner, was not likely to be forced out from
his firm in the future, Kan J awarded the plaintiff $180,000 for “loss of
future earning capacity”. In awarding this amount, Kan J took into account the
evidence of the neurosurgeon, Mr Campbell, that the plaintiff would only be
able to work for three to four hours at a stretch before having to take a rest
and carrying on again for a shorter period. His capacity to work had been
accordingly reduced.

28 To have any meaningful comparison, it was important to know the annual
earned income of the plaintiff in _Nirumalan_. I asked counsel for the
information. Defendant’s counsel helpfully produced a table of his income for
the various years prior to and after the accident on 19 July 1991. I observed
that the average earned income was around $$420,000 per annum (about $35,000
per month) for the years immediately preceding and after the accident. The
award of $180,000 was approximately 5.14 months of the average monthly income.
The assessment was concluded by the assistant registrar on 30 August 2002,
some 11 years after the accident.

29 Counsel for the defendant submitted that in the present case, the
plaintiff’s ability to work had been affected to a lesser extent than the
plaintiff in _Nirumalan_ because the injuries and disabilities were less
serious. Counsel submitted that a fair award for loss of earning capacity
would be between $35,000 to $40,000 based on 3.5 to 4 months of the
plaintiff’s average monthly salary of $10,000. On the other hand, counsel for
the plaintiff contended that the amount ought to be about $480,000.

30 In _Teo Sing Keng v Sim Ban Kiat_ [1994] 1 SLR 634 (“ _Teo Sing Keng_ ”),
the Court of Appeal explained that an award for “loss of earning capacity”
would generally be made in the following cases (at [40]):

(1) where at the time of trial, the plaintiff is in employment and has
suffered no loss of earnings, but there is a risk that he may lose that
employment at some time in the future, and may then, as a result of his
injury, be at a disadvantage in getting another job or an equally well paid
job.

(2) where there is no available evidence of the plaintiff’s earnings to enable
the court to properly calculate future earnings, for example, young children
who have no earnings on which to base an assessment for loss of future
earnings.

31 The following passage of Syed Agil Barakbah FJ in _Ong Ah Long v Underwood_
[1983] 2 MLJ 324 was endorsed by the Court of Appeal in _Teo Sing Keng_ (at
[38]):

Now, the general principle is that an injured plaintiff is entitled to damages
for the loss of earnings and profits which he has suffered by reason of his
injuries up to the date of the trial and for the loss of the prospective
earnings and profits of which he is likely to be deprived in the future. There
must be evidence on which the court can find that the plaintiff will suffer
future loss of earnings, it cannot act on mere speculation. If there is no
satisfactory evidence of future loss of earnings but the court is satisfied
that the plaintiff has suffered a loss of earning capacity, it will award him
damages for his loss of capacity as part of the general damages for disability
and not as compensation for future loss of earnings. (_Ashcroft v Curtin_ ,
and _Rasidin bin Partorjo v Frederick Kiai_.) It was applied by Syed Othman FJ
(as he then was ) in _Multar v Lim Kim Chet_.

There is a difference between loss of future earnings and loss of earning
capacity. The important difference between the two is that compensation for
loss of future earnings is awarded for real assessable loss proved by
evidence. Compensation for diminution in earning capacity is awarded as part
of general damages. (Per Lord Denning MR in _Fairley v John Thompson (Design
and Contracting Division) Ltd._)

32 The Court of Appeal in _Teo Sing Keng_ further held that where an award was
made for loss of earning capacity, no deduction on account of income tax ought
to be made in the assessment. Damages awarded for loss of earning capacity
were meant to compensate for loss of, or a diminution in earning capacity, a
capital asset, which would be non-taxable, unlike that for loss of earnings.

33 After considering the medical evidence, I did not think that the AR was
wrong to have found clear evidence that the accident affected the plaintiff’s
ability and capacity to work, and that he was not able to handle long trials
without taking frequent breaks nor work at the same pace or intensity prior to
the accident. These disabilities disadvantaged the plaintiff and caused him to
suffer mood swings which potentially affected his relationship with his
clients and colleagues at work. On the other hand, the AR recognized that the
plaintiff did not suffer any neurological deficits, his disabilities were not
so debilitating, and the degree of pain and discomfort might vary on a day to
day basis or even fail to manifest itself on certain days.

34 On these facts, I agreed with the AR that $100,000 was a fair and adequate
sum to compensate the plaintiff for his loss of earning capacity. In my
assessment, I had considered the following:

(a) The plaintiff’s skills and training as a lawyer were not affected by the
accident injuries.

(b) His productivity at work would be impaired to the extent he described.

(c) I did not think that the neck impairment (assessed by Dr Lai using the
Guide) would hamper his work as a lawyer because the remaining ranges of neck
movements were more than sufficient for reading, writing and litigation work.

(d) According to the plaintiff, he experienced vertigo about once in 2 to 3
months lasting between 20 to 60 minutes. Dr Lai originally assessed the
vertigo impairment at 9%. I believed that vertigo would affect his ability to
read and concentrate at work. With the reduction in overall impairment from
16% to 14% upon re-assessment by Dr Lai, it would be reasonable to adopt a 1%
reduction in the vertigo impairment to 8%. I also noted that the plaintiff had
learnt to avoid neck movements that would likely trigger the onset of vertigo.

(e) The frequent headaches and neck pains affected his concentration and
caused him to be irritable. This would not be conducive to his relationship
with his clients and colleagues at work.

(f) To avoid double compensation for the same loss, no account was taken of
any of the above impairments that would affect his family and social life or
occur outside of office hours. This would have been compensated under “pain,
suffering and loss of amenities”.

(g) On account of his position as one of the founding members of a law firm,
and with the present healthy employment situation for lawyers generally in
Singapore, I did not assess the plaintiff to be at much risk of unemployment
or of not obtaining comparable employment in the future as a result of his
work-related impairments. Neither did I think that there was any real or
substantial risk that the plaintiff’s employment would be pre-maturely
terminated on account of his injuries. As such, I assessed this part of the
loss of earning capacity to be nominal, _ie_ for potential loss due to a
weakening of his competitive position in the employment market resulting from
his disabilities.

(h) The number of years that the plaintiff could go on working post-trial was
another consideration. The impairments, risks and various imponderables would
have to be assessed over a longer period for a younger person. However, the
plaintiff here was nearly 47 years of age by the time of the AR’s award. I
judged that he would have at least another 15 years of very active working
life as a lawyer in his own firm, barring any untoward eventualities.
Thereafter, I would expect some slowing down of pace.

(i) Comparisons were made with other whiplash cases in arriving at the proper
quantum to be awarded, after making appropriate adjustments where possible for
the different factual matrix, the different degrees of impairment, the
different annual income levels, the different skill sets and so forth.

(j) _Karuppiah_ :- $24,000 was awarded to the plaintiff in _Karuppiah_ for
pain, suffering and loss of amenities, which was exactly the same amount
awarded to the plaintiff in the present case. I used that as an evidential
proxy to make an assumption that the permanent diminution in mental and
physical capacity for both the plaintiff in _Karuppiah_ and the plaintiff in
the present case were not too different so that there would be some common
basis to start making a comparison of the quantum to be awarded in relation to
the loss of earning capacity. The plaintiff in _Karuppiah_ was earning only
$4,300 per month or $51,600 per annum at the time of the accident and the
quantum of loss of earning capacity awarded was $70,000. Since the plaintiff
here was earning $120,000 per annum (more than double that of the plaintiff in
_Karuppiah_), then the plaintiff’s award should have been $163,000 on a
proportional basis, for the same extent of impairment. Was the plaintiff’s
award of $100,000 too low?

(k) _Nirumalan_ : The plaintiff in _Nirumalan_ was awarded $180,000 for loss
of earning capacity based on a post-trial working period of 15 years till the
age of 65. But the plaintiff in _Nirumalan_ was a very high income earner at
$$420,000 per annum for the years immediately preceding and after the
accident. Looking at the same working span of 15 years post-trial for the
plaintiff in the present case, and having regard to the much lower income of
the plaintiff at $120,000 per annum, the plaintiff’s award for loss of earning
capacity should be $51,400 by applying a simple ratio calculation. Would this
then indicate that the amount of $100,000 given to the plaintiff was too high?

(l) However, if I were to quantify the loss at a figure between the amounts
awarded in _Karrupiah_ and _Nirumalan_ , solely on account of the differences
in annual incomes by taking the average of $163,000 and $51,400, the
computation works out to $107,200 as the amount for loss of earning capacity
for a person with an income of $120,000 per annum. This figure ($107,200)
indicated to me that the $100,000 awarded to the plaintiff was not an
unreasonable amount. It was neither too high nor too low if the amounts
awarded to _Karrupiah_ and _Nirumalan_ by other judges were used as a guide,
after making adjustments to normalise those cases to a common annual income
baseline of $120,000 per annum. Perhaps, that could be the very reason why
judges often refer to other comparable cases for assistance whenever they need
to perform the extremely difficult task of quantifying damages.

(m) One could, of course, say that this was simply not worth doing, if such
complicated adjustments had to be made to provide a fairer basis for
comparison. But where such adjustments that could be done are not even made,
then there would not be much reliability in simply comparing awards made in
other cases, disregarding any adjustments that could possibly be done to
account for important differences in such matters as income levels, degrees of
impairments and the number of years of working life remaining.

(n) With the plaintiff’s pre-tax income at about $120,000 per annum, any
additional income earned would be taxed at 14% based on the 2007 income tax
rates (provided the additional income did not move the income to the next tax
bracket). It would be pertinent to note that the award of loss of earning
capacity of $100,000 would be received tax-free by the plaintiff. If the tax
rate of 14% were to be taken into consideration, the plaintiff would in effect
be getting $116,279. Should this sum of $116,279 be paid as an annuity over
the next 15 years at a 5.33% interest/discount rate, [note: 2] the annual
payment would be $11,454.[note: 3] This additional pre-tax income of $11,454
per annum would effectively provide a 9.5% top up of the plaintiff’s pre-tax
annual income of $120,000 over a period of 15 years.

(o) I then compared the vertigo impairment of **_8%_** (plus, perhaps, an
additional percentage for the frequent headaches and neck pains affecting his
concentration and productivity at work) with the **_9.5%_** annual income top
up throughout the next 15 years that I had effectively given the plaintiff. In
my view, this top up of 9.5% of the plaintiff’s annual income was more than
fair and reasonable in the circumstances. This calculation served as another
useful check to get a feel of whether or not the amount I awarded was grossly
excessive or inadequate. This quick check showed that the amount even, when
viewed from this perspective, was not grossly excessive or inadequate.

35 In conclusion, there was no satisfactory evidence available to properly
compute the future loss of earnings for the plaintiff. But I was satisfied
that the plaintiff had indeed suffered a loss of earning capacity for which
substantial compensation ought to be given. Taking all relevant factors into
account, I accordingly awarded him damages of $100,000, which was adequate to
do justice to the plaintiff for his loss of earning capacity. This award for
loss of earning capacity would necessarily be part of the general damages for
the disabilities potentially affecting his employment and his income post-
trial, and not as compensation for any particular assessed future loss of
earnings, which I had hardly any evidence from which to make any
quantification or assessment. Unlike the general damages for “pain, suffering
and loss of amenities” for which interest would usually be awarded from the
date of service of the writ to the date of judgment, no interest would be
allowed for this award of “loss of earning capacity” because it was assessed
on a post-trial basis.

Interest

36 With regard to the interest for “General Damages for Pain and Suffering and
Loss of Amenities” (item 2), the AR explained clearly why the plaintiff was
not entitled to the full measure of pre-trial interest from the date of
service of the writ to the date of her judgment. The AR (at [16] to [18] of
her judgment) said:

16 It is trite that if the assessment of damages is delayed owing to no fault
of the defendant, the court will take this into account in the award of
interest: _Lim Cheng Wah v Ng Yaw Kim_ [1984-1985] SLR 497. As pertinently
observed by Justice Kan in _Nirumalan’s_ case, a plaintiff’s claim to pre-
trial interest is diminished if the plaintiff is slow to prosecute his case
since the defendant had not kept him out of his money and the defendant should
not have to compensate the plaintiff for the latter’s own actions. If the
court is to deny the plaintiff the usual interest award from the date of writ
up to the date of judgment, the onus is then on the defendant to show the
court, for example, that there was unreasonable and unjustified delay on the
plaintiff’s part in prosecuting the action: _Yip Kok Meng Calvin v Lek Yong
Han_ [1993] 2 SLR 134.

17 It is undeniable that this case had taken an inordinately long time to
complete. The accident occurred in 1997 and the writ was taken out in August
1999. It has been nearly eight years since the action was first commenced.
Interlocutory judgment at 100% in favour of the plaintiff was obtained in
January 2000. Thereafter, there were numerous applications for extensions of
time by the plaintiff to comply with the filing of AEICs and the Notice of
Appointment. Counsel for the defendant highlighted the plaintiff’s various
breaches of court timelines, some of which were not remedied until many months
after the expiry of the timelines. I also note the point made by counsel for
the defendant that after directions were first given, extensions of time of
more than two years were sought in respect of three summonses taken out by the
plaintiff to finalise his medical evidence. While I accept that there were
circumstances beyond the control of the plaintiff which contributed to the
delay, such as the untimely demise of the plaintiff’s doctor, Dr Gopal
Baratham, it is clear that there was unjustifiable delay in the prosecution of
the action. For example, even if there was some precedent value in awaiting
the outcome of _Nirumalan’s_ case, there was still no good reason why another
two years had to be taken after the conclusion of that case before parties
were ready for the present assessment hearing.

18 Having regard to the exceptional delay, I am of the opinion that pre-
judgment interest should only run for four years, taking into account the time
required for the actual assessment hearing given the numerous witnesses.

37 I agreed with the reasons provided by the AR and affirmed the cut-off date
for the interest. Since the cut-off date of 31 August 2003 was well before the
change of the default interest rate on 1 April 2007 from 6% to 5.33% per annum
(Supreme Court Practice Direction No 1 of 2007), the plaintiff should be
entitled to the relevant interest rate applicable for the period prior to the
cut-off date. Accordingly, I varied the interest rate to 6% per annum.

38 As both parties did not succeed substantively in their appeals, I decided
that each party should bear his own costs of the appeal.

* * *

[note: 1] I was not sure if Dr Lai made a mistake here and the figure should
have been 17%.

[note: 2] The courts have adopted 5.33% as the current default interest rate
for judgment debts and this interest rate would be a useful proxy for the
discount rate to be used in the annuity computation.

[note: 3] I would be prepared to amend this figure under the slip rule under
Order 20 Rule 11 of the Rules of Court if counsel, on the advice of an
accountant, could show that I have made a mathematical error in my
computation.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 08 Oct 2007 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

