Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Du Zhao Di (Suing as Committee of the Person and Estate of Jiang Hui Ping)
v Lee Chee Yian (Mayban General Assurance, intervener)  
[2007] SGHC 88

Case Number | : | Suit 230/2007, SUM 1683/2007  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 30 May 2007  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Mohamed Faizal AR   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Magdelene Loh (Characterist LLC) for the Applicant; Defendant / Respondent absent; Rai Mahendran Prasad (Comma & Rai) for the Insurers / Intervener   
Parties | : |  Du Zhao Di (Suing as Committee of the Person and Estate of Jiang Hui Ping) — Lee Chee Yian (Mayban General Assurance, intervener)   
  
30 May 2007 |   
---|---  
  
Assistant Registrar Mr Mohamed Faizal:

**Introduction**

1 The matter that was before me had been in relation to an application for an
interim payment of $100,000 that had been taken out by one Ms Du Zhao Di (“the
applicant”), under Order 29, Rule 11(1)(c) of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R5,
2006 Rev Ed) (“the Rules”), acting _qua_ Committee of the Person and Estate of
her husband, one Mr Jiang Hui Ping (“Jiang”), a 41-year-old Chinese National
who had, till he met with an untimely accident on 23 December 2006, been
working in Singapore as a construction worker.

2 The relevant parts of O 29 r 11 of the Rules reads as follows:

**11.** — (1) If…the Court is satisfied —

…

(c) that, if the action proceeded to trial, the plaintiff would obtain
judgment for substantial damages against the respondent or, where there are 2
or more defendants, against any one or more of them,

the Court may, if it thinks fit and subject to paragraph (2), order the
respondent to make an interim payment of such amount as it thinks just, not
exceeding a reasonable proportion of the damages which in the opinion of the
Court are likely to be recovered by the plaintiff after taking into account
any relevant contributory negligence and any set-off, cross-claim or
counterclaim on which the respondent may be entitled to rely.

(2) No order shall be made under paragraph (1) in an action for personal
injuries if it appears to the Court that the defendant is not a person falling
within one of the following categories:

(a) a person who is insured in respect of the plaintiff’s claim; or

(b) a person whose means and resources are such as to enable him to make the
interim payment.

3 At the conclusion of the proceedings before me, I allowed the application
for an interim payment to be made against the defendant. Given that a
considerable number of issues in relation to the interpretation of O 29 r 11
of the Rules had been canvassed during the course of the proceedings that took
place before me, issues that do not, at first blush, appear to have been
determined _hitherto_ in a domestic forum, it would be of some utility to
articulate in writing the considerations that I had in making the above order.

4 Nonetheless, before considering the substantive legal issues that arose for
consideration in this application, so as to put such ensuing discussion in its
appropriate context, it would be useful to preface such analysis with an
articulation of the series of events that led to this application. It is
therefore to this I first turn.

**The facts**

5 Given the very nature of the subject matter that it deals with, it should be
of little surprise that tort law has, since time immemorial, enjoyed a lore-
encrusted reputation for tossing up depressing and distressing accounts of
human fragility, pain and suffering. This has invariably meant that arbiters
of such matters are often necessarily forced to determine and interpret the
applicability of the law against an extremely gloomy backdrop of sad and
unfortunate events.

6 The facts that formed the foundation of the application that was before me
here, unfortunately, did not represent any exception. That said, the facts
were relatively straight-forward and can be gleaned from the police report
dated 24 December 2006 (“the police report”) that had been filed by Mr Lee
Chee Yian (“the defendant”). According to the police report, the defendant had
been travelling in his motor vehicle (“the car”) along Hougang Avenue 3, at or
about 2000 hrs on the evening on 23 December 2006, when he realised that he
had lost his way. He then decided to stop at a bus stop near Defu Lane to seek
assistance. As the bus stop was located on the passenger’s side of the car,
the defendant opened the driver’s car door so as to exit the vehicle to
approach the persons at the bus stop to seek directions. Unbeknownst to the
defendant, however, Jiang was cycling along the said road behind the
defendant’s car and collided into the open door of the car, with the impact of
the collision causing Jiang to be flung off his bicycle and losing
consciousness. An ambulance that arrived some time later conveyed him to
Changi General Hospital.

7 According to a letter tendered into evidence that had been written by Dr
Charles Seah (“Dr Seah”), a Senior Registrar (Neurosurgeon) in the Department
of Surgery at Changi General Hospital, two operations were conducted on Jiang
to stabilise his condition. It would be unnecessary to traverse in full, the
operations that were conducted on him: suffice it to say that though the
operations saved his life, they did little to improve Jiang’s medical
condition given the severe brain damage that he suffered as a result of the
collision. As such, not only does Jiang remain in a vegetative state, but Dr
Seah was of the opinion that even if he recovered, he would be bed-ridden for
the rest of his life and would require a permanent care-taker to meet his
daily needs. To exacerbate matters, Jiang was also diagnosed with having an
unsound mind and would therefore be permanently unable to handle work.

8 Sometime early this year, the applicant obtained the leave of the High Court
to be appointed as Jiang’s Committee of Person and Estate. The applicant then
commenced an action against the defendant in relation to the accident, _qua_
Committee, claiming damages of some $386,000 (“the substantive action”). In
the interest of completeness, I should add that the claim in the substantive
action can be conveniently broken down into the following constituents:
general damages for injuries (at $180,000), loss of earnings (at $80,000),
cost of domestic care ($66,000) and cost of future medical expenses ($60,000).

9 As is common practice in relation to such claims, Mayban General Assurance
Berhad (“the insurers”), who, at the time, had a third-party motor-vehicle
insurance policy (“the insurance policy”) with the defendant that would
indemnify him _vis-à-vis_ any claim by Jiang in relation to injuries sustained
as a result of the accident, proceeded to enter an appearance on behalf of the
defendant (in accordance with the terms of the insurance policy) so as to
conduct his defence in the substantive action. In the interim, motivated no
doubt by the pressing need for funds to continue Jiang’s treatment (he was
lying comatose in the hospital) and to cover the family’s living expenses that
would have to be expanded before the conclusion of the substantive action, the
applicant filed this application to seek an interim payment of $100,000 to
tide the family over and to engage domestic care on his behalf.

10 That however, does not constitute the end of this story: symbolic of the
characteristic mid-story twist that is invariably omnipresent in any tragedy,
when I first heard the application on 30 April 2007, I was informed by the
insurers that they had repudiated liability on the insurance policy three days
earlier (i.e. 27 April 2007) due to the defendant’s non-cooperation in the
preparation to the defence of this application and the substantive action.
According to counsel for the insurers, Mr Mahendran Prasad Rai (“Mr Rai”),
they had been forced to take such a draconian step as they had been unable to
competently prepare for his defence as he had been completely uncontactable
for an extended period of time. Though he was not able to confirm this, Mr Rai
informed me that whatever precious little he knew of the defendant’s
whereabouts was that he appeared to be overseas on work-related matters.

11 In light of the above events, Mr Rai took the view that he was no longer in
a position to act on behalf of the defendant. I was in full agreement with Mr
Rai – he had, after all, been instructed by the insurers in the matter. Upon
the insurers’ repudiation of the insurance contract (though I stress I make no
determinative finding as to the efficacy of such repudiation in law), the
insurers, and by extension, Mr Rai, had no duty, nor indeed legal right in the
absence of a retainer with the defendant, to represent the defendant (and/or
to negotiate any settlement) in either the application before me or the
substantive matter: see _United Oriental Assurance Sdn Bhd v Ng King See_
[1987] 2 MLJ 264 at 265 – 266.

12 In this connection, while counsel for the applicant, Ms Magdelene Loh (“Ms
Loh”), accepted that the insurer could no longer act for the defendant, she
was of the view that the matter should not be adjourned at that juncture given
that she had complied with all the procedural requirements in her client’s
application for an interim payment in that the application had been served on
the counsel on record for the defendant at the time of such service (namely Mr
Rai). While I fully appreciated her motivations in canvassing such an argument
(in the light of her client’s need for an expeditious conclusion to this
application), I was nonetheless not prepared to continue hearing the matter at
that stage as I harboured considerable doubts as to the propriety of
continuing with the hearing there and then, in the absence of giving the
defendant an opportunity to be heard. So as to ensure that any further actions
that I took in relation to the matter would not be perfunctory, I adjourned
the matter so as to facilitate for the effecting of the service of the summons
on the defendant in his personal capacity. Numerous adjournments followed,
before the matter was eventually heard again by me on 22 May 2007.

13 When the application came before me again on 22 May 2007, the defendant was
once again absent, though Ms Loh informed me that service of the necessary
documents had, by then, been effected on him and that all the necessary
procedural requirements had been adhered to. Notwithstanding his absence,
however, the application on 22 May 2007 did not proceed unopposed: instead,
before the commencement of the hearing on 22 May 2007, the insurers applied,
_via_ another summons, to, _inter alia_ , be added as interveners to the
action under O 15 r 6(2) of the Rules. Such an application was, in the
circumstances, hardly surprising: notwithstanding their purported repudiation
of the insurance contract, it was accepted that the insurers would, as a
result their statutory obligations under the Motor Vehicles (Third Party Risks
and Compensation) Act (Cap 189, 2000 Rev Ed) (“the Act”), nonetheless be
liable to satisfy any judgment that would eventually be obtained by the
applicant. As it was readily apparent to me that the insurers clearly had a
legitimate interest in the action by reason of the liability that is imposed
on them by legislation to make good any amount that is obtained by the
plaintiff in any ensuing award, I allowed their application to intervene in
the matter.

**The Parties’ Arguments**

14 Moving on to the application proper, the applicant’s contention is a simple
one – namely that in the light of the fact that her action was a claim for
$386,000 and that since she would no doubt recover more than $100,000 in the
substantive action, there was no reason _not_ to grant an interim payment
order. The insurers, on the other hand, submit that no such interim payment
order should be made. Stripping their arguments of its verbiage, the insurers
essentially canvassed three reasons as to why such an interim payment ought
not be granted. These can be conveniently summarised as follows:

(a) That O 29 r 11(2) of the Rules has not been satisfied insofar as both
limbs of the said provision must be satisfied before any order for an interim
payment should be made;

(b) That even if only one limb of O 29 r 11(2) of the Rules needs to be
satisfied, that the defendant had not been “insured” for the purposes of O 29
r 11(2)(a); and

(c) That, in any event, even if the above arguments do not gain currency with
me, that the quantum that was being sought by the applicant, _i.e._ $100,000,
was excessive and should be revised downwards.

15 Having set out the pith of the protestations of the insurers against any
order for an interim payment, I propose to deal with each protestation
_seriatim_. Nonetheless, before doing so, I should highlight that any analysis
of the protestations of the insurers at this relatively early juncture would
be putting the cart before the horse, for the protestations would only be of
legal relevance if, in fact, O 29 r 11(1)(c) of the Rules had been made out.
Put another way, if the applicant was unable to show me that her application
was one that fell within O 29 r 11(1)(c) of the Rules, her application must
fail _in limine_ , whatever the merits of the insurers’ respective
protestations. As such, it would be of significant utility to first undertake
the prefatory discourse of whether O 29 r 11(1)(c) of the Rules has been made
out.

**_Whether Order 29 rule 11(1)(c) has been made out_**

16 The law in relation to the requirements that had to be satisfied _vis-à-
vis_ any application under O 29 r 11(1)(c) of the Rules is trite and is of no
dispute. Given that an interim payment constitutes, for all intents and
purposes, the imposition of liability before a full determination of the
merits underlying such a matter, the standard that must be met by a plaintiff
before a court should grant such payment is not that the belief that the claim
is _likely to succeed_ , but the belief that the claim _would, in fact,
succeed_ and be likely to garner substantial damages: see, in this respect,
Jeffrey Pinsler, _Singapore Court Practice 2006_ (LexisNexis: Singapore, 2006)
at para 29/11/4 and _British and Commonwealth Holdings PLC v Quadrex Holdings
Inc_ [1989] QB 842. While the burden of proof is, admittedly, not a low one, I
should add that such burden need only be made out on the civil standard of
proof, _i.e._ on the balance of probabilities: see _Sherman Lehman v Maclaine
Watson_ [1987] 1 WLR 480 at 489, _per_ Lloyds LJ.

17 Given the interlocutory nature of the application, however, I should stress
that it would be imperative not to approach the matter as if the matter that
was before me had experienced the rigours of a substantive trial. As Hobhouse
J noted in the unreported English decision of _Sankyo Kaium Kabushiki Kaisha v
Opia_ (Unreported, 16 November 1983):

This conclusion has to be arrived at as an exercise of judgment at an
interlocutory stage on the evidence appropriate to an interlocutory hearing
looking forward to the trial. _On the one hand it cannot be a rehearsal of an
actual trial and on the other hand it cannot impose so high a standard of
proof on the plaintiff that the court can conceive of no other possible
outcome than judgment for the plaintiff._ _The court has simply to ask itself
is it satisfied that that will be the outcome of the trial_.

[emphasis added]

18 With the above considerations firmly in mind, in ascertaining whether the
claim would succeed and be likely to garner substantial damages, it was
necessary for me to consider two discrete, though interlinked, matters: first,
whether the facts, as the applicant canvasses, was to be believed, and second,
whether, if so, such a factual matrix would mandate the conclusion that the
applicant’s claim would, in fact, succeed in the substantive action and be
likely to garner substantial damages. To commence analysis, though brief
mention should be made of the fact that none of the parties before me would be
able to prove as a matter of fact that the events that took place was as
alleged by the applicant, given that the defendant was absent and Jiang’s
condition militates against him giving testimony as to the events that
transpired, I had little reason to disbelieve the version of events that was
put forth by the applicant (as reproduced in [6] above). Indeed, it did not
escape my attention that the applicant’s version of events had been wholly
predicated on the defendant’s own police report that detailed what had
transpired – in that context, I had little reservations about dismissing, as
nothing more than fanciful, any suggestion that the rendition of events would
be coloured by any desire to boost the applicant’s chance of success. In the
premises, especially when seen in the context of the lack of any protestation
on the part of the insurers in relation to the veracity of the rendition of
the events as propounded by the plaintiff, I saw no reason not to accept the
plaintiff’s version of what transpired _in toto_.

19 The next question that necessitates resolution would be whether, on the
basis of the above factual matrix, it would follow that the claim would, in
all likelihood, succeed. In my view, this has to be answered in the positive.
It is trite that a driver owes a duty of care to all road users, and to that
end, a driver is expected to take reasonable care to avoid causing damage to
other persons: see Walton _et al_ , _Charlesworth & Percy on Negligence_, 11th
ed (Sweet & Maxwell: London, 2006) at para 9–192. As far as I can tell (from
the police report), it would appear that the collision had occurred as a
direct result of the defendant’s act of stopping in the middle of the road
(albeit at a bus stop) and his sudden opening of the car door on the street.
In that context, I found it difficult to conceive of a situation in which the
defendant would be able to escape being liable for a considerable
apportionment of the ensuing liability. At best, it could be canvassed that
Jiang was himself contributorily negligent, but even then, it did not appear
to be likely that the court that eventually hears the substantive matter would
arrive at the conclusion that Jiang should bear a considerable apportionment
of fault.

20 Of course, if he had attended the hearing before me, it was open to the
defendant to highlight the existence of circumstances that could well serve to
mitigate his culpability (for example, his blinker lights may have been
switched on or he may have given a hand signal to warn traffic that was behind
him), but given his absence, I saw no reason to hypothesise in a vacuum in his
favour – a defendant fails to attend a hearing at his own peril and there
would, I think, be no basis for the court to act as an advocate on his behalf.
Indeed, to hypothetically canvass every single defence and expect the
applicant to overcome each such possibility would be anomalous for that would
be tantamount to setting a higher threshold for a plaintiff to meet than if,
in fact, the defendant had attended. In any event, I should stress that in
relation to the validity of an action under O 29 r 11(2)(c) of the Rules, the
existence of contributory negligence was, generally speaking, immaterial. As
one academic treatise (Nicola Solomon _et al_ , _Personal Injury Litigation_ ,
10th ed, (Sweet & Maxwell: London, 2002)) astutely notes (at 152):

The mere fact that there may be substantial contributory negligence by the
claimant is irrelevant. As long as the end result (i.e. the damages after
deducting contributory negligence) is a substantial award, then the claimant
is entitled to an interim payment.

21 Of course, I was fully aware that the existence of contributory negligence
was nonetheless something which I had to take into account in relation to the
quantum to be awarded, a matter that would be discussed later (see [48]
below). Reverting back to the analysis under this head however, in the result,
I was satisfied that if and when the action proceeded to trial, the applicant
would be able to obtain judgment against the defendant for substantial
damages. Insofar as this was the case, I was of the view that, on the balance
of probabilities, O 29 r 11(1)(c) of the Rules had been made out.

22 That, however, does not represent the end of the analysis, for it was
common ground between the parties that my discretion to allow for the interim
payment on the basis of the satisfaction of O 29 r 11(1)(c) of the Rules would
still be circumscribed by the requirement for the simultaneous satisfaction of
O 29, r 11(2) of the Rules. Nonetheless, while the parties were _ad idem_ on
the _applicability_ of O29, r 11(2), they were divided as to the _import_ that
should be accorded to it. In this connection, as I already alluded to earlier
(see [14] above), Mr Rai raised two issues _apropos_ the interpretation of O
29 r 11(2) for my determination: first, whether an order for an interim
payment could be made if only one limb of O 29 r 11(2) of the Rules was
satisfied, and second, whether O 29, r 11(2)(a) of the Rules was made out on
the facts of this case. I will proceed to consider each matter in turn.

**_Whether Order 29 rule 11(2) should be conjunctive or disjunctive_**

23 The first issue that fell for my determination had been the question of
whether the two limbs of O 29 r 11(2) of the Rules of Court are conjunctive or
disjunctive. Put another way, is the satisfaction of both limbs of O 29 r
11(2) of the Rules a prerequisite to the making of an order under O 29 r
11(1)? I should stress that this point is by no means moot: as counsel for the
applicant herself conceded, if indeed she needed to satisfy both limbs of O 29
r 11(2), her application would be bound to fail for she had no evidence
whatsoever to suggest that the defendant was “a person whose means and
resources are such as to enable him to make the interim payment”.

24 Though this question does not appear to have been considered
determinatively in the domestic context, I am singularly unimpressed by any
suggestion on the part of the insurers that both limbs of O 29 r 11(2) of the
Rules have to be satisfied before an interim payment should be granted.
Indeed, quite to the contrary, I am of the unflinching view that it cannot be
seriously canvassed that one would be required to satisfy both limbs of O 29 r
11(2) before an interim payment would be allowed. That the matter is really
too clear for argument can be discerned on three separate levels: on a literal
reading of the said provision, a purposive reading of the same and by seeking
recourse to case law that can be gleaned from English authorities in relation
to the equivalent provision in England.

25 On a literal approach, even a superficial analysis of the nomenclature of
the _chapeau_ of O 29 r 11(2) of the Rules would appear to afford only one
realistic conclusion – namely that an order cannot be made if the defendant
does not fall _within one_ of the following categories. Read closely, O 29 r
11(2) clearly emphasises that an order cannot be made if a defendant does not
fall _within one_ of the pre-defined categories – as a matter of
interpretation, it must be clear that the corollary would equally apply: if a
defendant _does fall_ within one of the categories (_i.e._ the defendant “is
insured” and/or a person of means and resources), an interim payment order can
be made. Indeed, that this appears to be the only reasonable interpretation
would appear to be corroborated by the use of the word “or” (as opposed to
“and”) at the tail-end of O 29 r 11(2)(a). In that context, it was
unsurprising that a local text proffers the suggestion that, “[orders] for
interim payments may only be made…if the defendant is insured in respect of
the claim _or_ has the means and resources to make such payment”: see
_Practitioners’ Library – Assessment of Damages: Personal Injuries and Fatal
Accidents_ (LexisNexis: Singapore, 2005).

26 Such an understanding of the provision is further fortified when recourse
is sought to a purposive interpretation of the said provision. Even on a
cursory perusal, it was clear beyond peradventure that the provision’s _raison
d’etre_ would be to act as a judicial sieve to ensure that interim payments
are only made in situations where payment would be realistically foreseeable.
When viewed in that light, one could see the merits behind the creation of two
discrete requirements that operate separately: if a person had deep pockets,
any order could be satisfied notwithstanding the absence of an insurance
policy; similarly, if a person was of more modest means, he would nonetheless
be able to satisfy any order for an interim payment if he had an insurance
policy that would indemnify him in relation to any such payment. The
motivations underlying the provision, however, became immediately obfuscated
the moment one attempted to read the requirements conjunctively – simply put,
there appeared to be no apparent logic behind mandating that a defendant be
simultaneously insured as well as a person of means and resources to satisfy
the interim payment. Indeed, tellingly, when I questioned Mr Rai as to the
purpose of O 29 r 11(2) of the Rules if I accepted his interpretation, he was
unable to proffer any reasonable explanation, except to suggest that such a
reading would be what a literal interpretation must necessarily afford
(though, for reasons already discussed earlier (see [25] above), I am of the
view that a literal interpretation would, in fact, mandate the opposite
conclusion). As such, even on a purposive approach, the more persuasive view
must surely be that the two limbs of O 29 r 11(2) had to be read
disjunctively.

27 In the absence of any domestic jurisprudence on point, I am further assured
of the rectitude of the interpretation that I adopted _vis-à-vis_ O 29 r 11(2)
of the Rules by the approach that had been adopted by English jurisprudence. I
should stress that English jurisprudence on point was particularly instructive
given the proximity of English legislation with that of the Act. Order 29 r
11(2) of the Rules of Supreme Court 1965 (UK) (“the UK provision”) reads as
follows:

(2) No order shall be made under paragraph (1), in an action for personal
injuries if it appears to the Court that the defendant is not a person falling
within one of the following categories, namely:

(a) a person who is insured in respect of the plaintiff’s claim;

(b) a public authority; or

(b) a person whose means and resources are such as to enable him to make the
interim payment.

28 I should add that the slight departure of UK provision from the domestic
equivalent, in the form of an additional limb that caters for “a public
authority”, represents the statutory response to the decision of _Powney v
Coxage_ (The Times, 8 March 1988) (“ _Powney v Coxage_ ”), a matter that I
will return to at the conclusion of my decision (see [52] below). Such a
bifurcation between the respective legislations, however, would be immaterial
for the purposes of the present discourse, for the existence of an additional
limb in the UK provision does not detract from any consideration of whether
the three limbs of the UK provision should be read disjunctively or
conjunctively. In this regard, it appears trite that the UK legislation has
long been held to be read disjunctively insofar as only one limb needs to be
satisfied before an interim payment can be made: see _Sharp v Pareria and
another_ [1998] 4 All ER 145. Given the consonance of such an interpretation
with the purpose underlying the said provision, I saw no reason to depart from
such an interpretation when interpreting the domestic provision.

29 Drawing the various thread of analyses together, it was clear to me that
the only reasonable interpretation to be afforded to O 29 r 11(2) would be
that it had to be read disjunctively, namely that the satisfaction of either
limb would be sufficient to allow me to make the order. For the foregoing
reasons, I rejected Mr Rai’s suggestion that both limbs of O 29 r 11(2) had to
be _simultaneously_ satisfied before I could grant an order of an interim
payment against the defendant.

**Whether the defendant was “insured” for the purposes of O 29 r 11(2)(a)**

30 At the risk of reiteration, Ms Loh conceded at the commencement of the
hearing before me that she was not able to prove the satisfaction of O 29 r
11(2)(b) of the Rules. In that respect, the sole question that arises for my
determination _vis-à-vis_ O 29 r 11(2) of the Rules relates to the
satisfaction, or otherwise, of the first limb (i.e. O 29 r 11(2)(a)) of the
said provision. Stripped to its essence, the question appears, at first blush,
to be a relatively simple one – is the defendant someone who “is insured in
respect of the plaintiff’s claim”?

31 Unsurprisingly, in relation to this matter, both counsel once more adopted
diametrically opposing stances. Mr Rai, citing the decision of _Powney v
Coxage_ , canvasses the view that the defendant was not “insured” for the
purposes of O 29 r 11(2)(a) of the Rules as the insurers had repudiated the
insurance contract with the defendant by the time the matter came before me
for determination. In retort, Ms Loh insisted that the even if the insurance
contract had been validly repudiated, the defendant would still be “insured in
respect of the plaintiff’s claim”, though she did not to proffer any
authorities that would serve to augment her arguments.

32 At first blush, when one analyses the phraseology inherent in O 29 r
11(2)(a) of the Rules _in vacuo_ , an argument of some force can be made to
suggest that the defendant does indeed fall outside the intended ambit of the
provision. Order 29 r 11(2)(a) of the Rules allowed for interim payments to be
made against a defendant “who _is_ insured in respect of the plaintiff’s
claim.” The usage of the present tense, as was the case with O 29 r 11(2)(a),
might appear to suggest that an arbiter should take into account the current
status of the defendant – _i.e._ whether the defendant “is insured” at the
time at which the order for an interim payment is being contemplated. As Mr
Rai pointed out, strictly speaking, if the insurance contact had been
successfully repudiated (though I should reiterate that I had arrived at no
determinative finding on that point) before the matter came before me for my
determination, by the time the matter arose for my determination, the
defendant could not be said to be insured in respect of the plaintiff’s claim
for the purposes of O 29 r 11(2)(a) of the Rules.

33 Nonetheless, on closer inspection and deliberation, I was of the view that
Mr Rai’s argument should gain little currency, for it operated on the false
premise that such repudiation would have efficacy in relation to an action
brought by an injured third party. Insofar as the applicant was concerned,
such a breach of the insurance contract on the part of the defendant that
would afford repudiation can only operate _inter partes_ and not _omni
partes_. Put another way, there was no doubt that, so far as the applicant was
concerned, the first defendant was covered by a valid policy of insurance, for
it is conventional wisdom that “conditions precedent to liability and
conditions subsequent avoiding liability cannot be used in respect of claims
by a third party in respect of injury or death which has been caused by the
injured tortfeasor”: see Goh-Low Soen Yin _et al_ , “Insurance Law”, _Articles
on Singapore Law_ (24, 2005). For that reason, if, in fact, the term does
attempt to impinge upon the rights of third parties (such as the applicant
here), it must necessarily be held to be void (at least _vis-à-vis_ the third
party), for such a term would be the quintessential form of term that would
fall foul of s 7(1) of the Act, which reads as follows:

Any condition in a policy or security issued or given for the purposes of this
Act providing that _no liability shall arise under the policy or security or
that any liability so arising shall cease in the event of some specified thing
being done or omitted to be done after the happening of the event giving rise
to a claim under the policy or security_ _shall be of no effect in connection
with [claims in respect of bodily injury or death]._

[emphasis added]

34 Therefore, shorn of a detailed discourse (for which, see, in general, Poh
Chu Chai, _Law of Life, Motor and Workmen’s Compensation Insurance_ , 6th ed
(LexisNexis: Singapore, 2006) at 552), I was of the view that the insurers
would, by virtue of the above reasoning, be treated, so far as the applicant
was concerned, as insurers with a duty to indemnify the defendant in respect
of the claim. No reliance can be had to the purported repudiation for the
purposes of any action that had been commenced by a third party, since such
third party could not, in law, be burdened by the ramifications of such a term
that may otherwise be binding on the parties _inter partes_. As such, it was
not open for the insurers to argue that there had been repudiation since such
repudiation was predicated upon the efficacy of a term that had no effect
_vis-à-vis_ the applicant.

35 Lest it be suggested that I was fashioning a novel exception that derogates
from a _literal reading_ of O 29 r 11(2)(a) of the Rules, I should stress that
support for such a conclusion can be found in English jurisprudence. In this
regard, I found it surprising that neither party attempted to bring to my
attention the unreported English Court of Appeal decision of _O’Driscoll v
Sleigh and Another_ (Unreported, 20 November 1984) (“ _O’Driscoll_ ”), given
its apparent determination of the very point that was being canvassed at
length by the parties before me. The case facts therein warrant brief recital:
the plaintiff there had been a passenger in a bus that was owned by the second
defendant. The plaintiff was injured as a result of the bus having to brake
suddenly due to the first defendant’s motor-car losing a wheel (and thus
skidding across the road). It was not in dispute that the first defendant had
no means to make an interim payment personally, but an application for interim
payment was made on the basis that his motor insurance covered his liability
in relation to the accident. The insurers of the first defendant in that case
took the position (as had the insurers in the case before me) that, as a
result of certain clauses within the insurance policy that had been breached
by the first defendant, they would not be required to indemnify him. On the
back of such a factual matrix, it was suggested by counsel for the insurers
there that the Court should not grant an order for interim payment, for the
net result of the above events was that the first defendant would no longer be
“a person who is insured in respect of the plaintiff’s claim”.

36 In rejecting such a contention, Griffiths LJ observed that the argument
being canvassed by the insurer predicated itself on the fallacious assumption
that the object of the said provision was to accord protection to a
_defendant_ who would be unable to meet an interim payment (since he might
have to repay the insurers). Instead, Griffiths LJ observed that the true
principle that is engaged by O 29 r 11(2) of the Rules would be ensuring that
interim awards are only made in cases where there was a real likelihood of the
award being paid, so as to avoid the incurring of unnecessary costs.
Accordingly, the test, under O 29 r 11(2)(a) of the Rules, was not whether the
insured would be liable to his insurers, but _whether the insurer would be
obliged to meet any interim award_ – if the insurer was obliged to meet any
such award, it would follow that from the perspective of a plaintiff, the
defendant would be, for all intents and purposes, “insured” for the purposes
of O 29 r 11(2) of the Rules.

37 From the brief discourse above, it should be apparent that the legal
principles that are engaged in that case are on all fours with the matter that
was before me. In that context, though Griffith LJ’s observations in
_O’Driscoll_ , just as is the case with any observations made in cases in
other jurisdictions, were not binding on me, I saw no reason not to adopt his
jurisprudential approach, which is not only intrinsically sound, but laudably
avoids giving leaden feet to the _raison d’etre_ of O 29 r 11(2) (which is the
result a literal reading would appear to arrive at) by ensuring that insurers
are not able to surreptitiously collude with defendants to frustrate any
application for an interim payment by agreeing between themselves to repudiate
an insurance agreement.

38 In the interest of completeness, I should highlight that there was no merit
in Mr Rai’s suggestion that _Powney v Coxage_ supported his position. A close
look at the case facts therein would bear this out. _Powney v Coxage_ involved
an application for an interim payment in respect of an injury sustained by the
plaintiff as a result of a road accident. The plaintiff had commenced an
action against both the _uninsured_ driver of the vehicle that had collided
with him and against the Motor Insurers Bureau (“MIB”), with the latter being
included as a defendant as a result of its agreement with the government to
satisfy judgments against uninsured drivers in personal injury actions. It was
canvassed on behalf of the plaintiff there that the UK equivalent of O 29 r
11(2)(a) of the Rules had been satisfied since the uninsured driver was, for
all practical purposes, “indemnified” by the MIB. In rejecting such a
contention, Schiemann J had observed as follows:

…the driver was not insured as the term is normally understood and, in my
judgment, it is not permissible to treat him, as I was urged to do, as insured
for the purposes of Rule 11(2) because the Motor Insurers Bureau was in
effect, as it was put, indemnifying him. _I reject this submission. I do not
think that on any analysis the Motor Insurers Bureau can be regarded as
indemnifying him. On the contrary, they specifically preserve a right of
action against him and the existence of the arrangements between the Motor
Insurers Bureau and the Secretary of State do not have the effect of insuring
an uninsured driver._

[emphasis added]

39 Leveraging on Schiemann J’s observations, Mr Rai argued that as in this
case, given that the interveners had taken steps to repudiate the insurance
contract, there would similarly be no basis to deem the respondent “insured”.
Whilst the link was not explicitly highlighted during the course of his oral
submissions, it was plainly evident that Mr Rai’s contention operated on the
premise that as the insurers were no longer indemnifying the defendant, it
must follow that the defendant was not “insured” for the purposes of O 29 r
11(2)(a) of the Rules.

40 Such a contention predicated itself on the belief that _Powney v Coxage_
stood for the proposition that the term “insured”, as found in O 29 r 11(2)(a)
of the Rules, is synonymous with the term “indemnification”. With respect,
this constitutes a gross misreading of _Powney v Coxage_. It should be
reminded that Schiemann J’s observations were made in the context of the
absence of any conventional insurance arrangement between the defendant and an
insurance agency – it was in such a context that the plaintiff had attempted
to canvass the argument that although there was no conventional insurance
agreement, the purported indemnification by the MIB amounted to “insuring” the
defendant under O 29 r 11(2). In this regard, Schiemann J was merely
highlighting that there was no “indemnification” to even speak of in the said
context. Put another way, Schiemann J was not purporting to enunciate a direct
link between indemnification and the existence of an insurance policy, but
that any argument that indemnification by a third party agency could amount to
being “insured” in law does not warrant consideration since there was no
“indemnification” on the facts to begin with. It stood for nothing more and
certainly did not stand for the proposition being canvassed by Mr Rai, namely
that the _lack of indemnification_ must necessarily warrant the conclusion
that the defendant was not “insured” for the purposes of O 29 r 11(2)(a) of
the Rules. In any event, I fail to see how such a conclusion could be
seriously canvassed in light of the explicit finding in _O’Driscoll_ that the
test was not one of indemnification but whether there was a real likelihood of
the award being satisfied by either party (see [36] above).

41 Seen in that context, it becomes apparent that the case of _Powney v
Coxage_ would be of little assistance to the determination of the matter that
was before me. As such, for the reasons already given earlier, I arrived at
the view that O 29 r 11(2)(a) of the Rules has been made out insofar as the
defendant “is insured in respect of the [applicant’s] claim”. More
overarchingly, on the back of the discourse above, I was also of the opinion
that nothing in O29 r 11(2) would pose a formidable hurdle in the making of
the order for interim payment in the circumstances.

**Amount that should be awarded**

42 Having dealt with the dual-fold matter of whether O 29 r 11(1)(c) has been
satisfied and whether there would be any hurdle that would be posed by O 29 r
11 (2) of the Rules in the making of such an order, and in the light of the
existence of protestations on the part of the insurers as to the quantum that
was being sought by the defendant, I shall now deal briefly with the matter of
the amount that I saw fit to award.

43 The insurers’ protestations under this limb, as I understood them, were
dual-fold: first, any quantum that is to be awarded as an interim payment must
stem from the need to mitigate any hardship or prejudice that is occasioned to
a plaintiff – to that end, whilst any payment ordered by this Court should,
quite rightly take into account the immediate financial needs of Jiang, Mr Rai
contended that there would be no basis to take into account matters such as
the future career prospects and loss of potential earnings when ascertaining
what would be a fair sum to be awarded in the form of an _interim_ payment.
Second, while expressly conceding that he was making such an argument _in
vacuo_ , Mr Rai noted that the damages that would eventually be awarded to the
respondent may well considerably depressed should an eventual finding be made
that there was contributory negligence. When seen in the context of such a
dual-fold submission, Mr Rai contended that a fairer amount that should be
awarded would be $50,000. According to Mr Rai, there was also considerable
virtue in awarding such an amount when seen from another perspective: if, in
due course, it was found that $50,000 would have been too low, it would always
be open for the applicant to apply to be given a further interim payment.

44 To commence analysis, under O 29 r 11 of the Rules, the court may exercise
its discretion to make an order for an interim payment for any such amount as
it “thinks is just”, save that such an amount should not exceed a reasonable
proportion of the damages which were likely to be recovered after taking into
account other possible. Whilst, on its face, this appears to provide a
considerable degree of latitude to the arbiter to decide the appropriate
amount to be awarded, I should stress that such discretion is by no means
unfettered – instead, as is invariably the case with the exercise of any form
of discretion, case law has delineated, over time, the principles that would
serve to guide the Courts as to what would be an appropriate amount.

45 In that context, it would appear to be generally accepted that the court
need not engage in a detailed examination of the needs of the applicant
concerned, as long as it is satisfied that the pre-conditions to such an award
are met: see _Stringman (a minor) v McArdle_ [1994] 1 WLR 1653. Instead, where
no amount is specified in an interim payment application, the Court is
generally satisfied to award the minimum sum that the Court feels that the
plaintiff is likely to be awarded. As highlighted in _British and Commonwealth
Holdings PLC v Quadrex Holdings Inc_ (The Times, 8 December 1988):

…as a general rule, the _just amount will be the minimum_ (but _no more than
the minimum_) which, on the strong balance of probabilities, the court
considers the _plaintiff is likely to be awarded_ on the eventual final
assessment of damages…

[emphasis added]

46 For completeness, I should add that the same approach appears to be
implicitly (though not explicitly) followed in domestic jurisprudence as well:
see, in this respect, _Ong & Co Pte Ltd v Ngu Tieng Ung_ [1999] 4 SLR 379 at
[13].

47 It should be stressed that unlike most conventional requests for interim
payments, the applicant in the matter before me sought to be awarded a
specific amount, namely $100,000. In the circumstances therefore, there was no
necessity for me to undertake a detailed analysis of what would be the minimum
amount that the applicant was likely to receive at the conclusion of a full
substantive hearing in relation to the matter – instead, it would be
imminently logical that if I were to find that such minimum amount that she
was likely to obtain would amount to more than $100,000, the sum requested for
by the applicant should, as a matter of course, invariably be ordered.

48 As alluded to earlier (see [8] above), the applicant was, in relation to
the substantive action, claiming damages of some $386,000 from the defendant
as a result of the accident. Whilst I readily accept that this could well be
_slightly_ more than would be eventually awarded (though I stress that I am
making no actual finding on the matter), taking cognisance of the conventional
wisdom that a “tort victim must…be compensated for _all_ possible financial
ill-effects of the injury”: see Peter Cane, _Atiyah’s Accidents, Compensation
and the Law_ , 6th ed (Butterworths: London, 1999) at 119, I could not help
but arrive at the conclusion that there was significant merit underlying most
of the claims of the applicant: the numerous receipts, bills and quotations,
for example, evidence payments that have _already_ been made as a result of
the accident, monies that were expanded on Jiang’s medical treatment and for
palliative care. Medical opinion (in the form of a letter from Changi General
Hospital) also appears to indicate that there is every chance that Jiang would
require long-term medical treatment and attention. Tellingly, Mr Rai didn’t
even attempt to make any allusion to any of the heads of the applicant’s claim
being unwarranted or unmeritorious. To that end, the only caveat that I had to
the likely success of her claim _in toto_ would be whether the amounts claimed
was _slightly_ on the high side. That said, even if I assume all these factors
in the defendant’s favour, and effect the necessary adjustments to the
applicant’s claim to take into account such concerns and to take the
defendant’s case at its highest, I would still be of the unstinting view that
the amount that is likely to be awarded to the applicant at the end of the
trial for the substantive action would remain considerably more than $100,000.

49 I now turn to the two protestations on the part of Mr Rai to an award of
$100,000. Mr Rai’s point on contributory negligence can be summarily dealt
with: as Mr Rai himself conceded when I probed further during the course of
the parties’ oral submissions, such an argument of a depression of damages
predicated upon the existence of contributory negligence (on Jiang’s part) was
speculative and had not been based on any substantive or concrete evidence of
an intimate knowledge of what happened. Needless to say, no weight should be
placed on mere conjecture. In any event, in the interest of completeness, I
should stress that even if it could be suggested that there was a tint of
contributory negligence on Jiang’s part, I see it as fanciful to suggest that
this would actuate itself in the form of a reduction of the sum to the point
where the sum awarded would be depressed to less than $100,000.

50 In relation to Mr Rai’s suggestion that this court should be conservative
in any assessment of the appropriate sum that should be awarded for the
purposes of the interim payment given that the plaintiff would be in
possession of a right to apply sometime in the future should the award granted
be found to be insufficient, there would be no latent benefit to having the
sum paid out in “two bites rather than one”: see the English decision of
_Huggair (By her Mother and Next Friend) v Eastbourne Hospitals NHS Trust QBD_
(Unreported, 29 April 1997). Simply put, there was no virtue whatsoever in
being unjustifiably conservative, delay the inevitable and result in the
parties having to incur considerable costs (due to the need to file
applications of the same import in future) in the process.

51 Accordingly, taking all these considerations into account, it was clear to
me that while the vagaries of the litigation process necessarily meant that a
nagging, albeit remote, possibility existed that the amounts that may
eventually be awarded might very well end up to be considerably less than
expected, it could not, for a moment, be suggested that $100,000 constitutes
an excessive amount that would be disproportionate to the apportionment of
blame that lies on the defendant. Indeed, the converse applied – insofar as
there was a very high degree of probability that the applicant would be likely
to recover a sum in considerable excess of $100,000 at any such trial.

**Coda**

52 I should briefly append a quick comment in relation to a matter that I took
cognisance of during the course of the proceedings in relation to the ambit of
O 29 r 11(2) of the Rules. Given the bifurcation between O 29 r 11(2) in the
domestic context, and that of the UK equivalent (see [27] above), it would
appear that, on the current state of the law, there would be no avenue for an
injured party to seek an _interim payment_ from the Motor Insurers’ Bureau of
Singapore where there was an uninsured defendant of modest means or where the
defendant was untraceable. This appeared, at least at first glance, to be
somewhat anomalous especially since an injured party under the same factual
matrix would appear to be able to enforce a _final judgment_ in such instances
against the same organisation. Legislative intervention in England that
statutorily overrules _Powney v Coxage_ and that allows for an interim order
to be made against “a public body” has ensured that such an apparent anomaly
is plugged. Given that such applications serve to mitigate the hardship or
prejudice that may exist before any judgment can be obtained, and in the light
of the fact that the availability of fairly urgent medical treatment could
often be determined by the outcome of such (interim payment) applications, any
distinction in the rights of third parties in Singapore to obtain an interim
as opposed to a final judgment against the organisation concerned, appears
difficult to appreciate. To that end, there may be some force in the argument
that the amendments that had been promulgated in relation to the UK Rules of
Court should equally be effected in Singapore (subject, of course, to any
necessary variations to suit the domestic context) to provide the Courts
jurisdiction, in the appropriate circumstances, to order an interim payment
against the Motor Insurers’ Bureau of Singapore.

**Conclusion**

53 This application, in my view, perfectly encapsulates the difficulties that
invariably confront both the insurer and the third party when a defendant
becomes uncontactable. While it is readily accepted that there may well be
good reasons for a defendant’s enforced absence from the jurisdiction, such a
defendant is under a _moral_ (if not _legal_) duty to ensure that the
necessary steps are taken to remain contactable or at least to keep his
insurance company in the loop as to his whereabouts. Compulsory insurance
schemes have been put in place by the legislature in no small part to ensure
that injured parties (and their loved ones) are not left in the lurch and that
their needs are taken care of – in that context, it would be most unfortunate
if a plaintiff is left with no basis in law for an interim payment, though
such a claim may well be meritorious, as a result of the dearth of facts that
would invariably result due to the non-availability of a defendant (who is
able to easily clarify what transpired). Whilst in this particular instance, a
happy confluence of factors has enabled me to make the interim payment order,
I shudder to think what might have happened if, due to less fortuitous
circumstances, an applicant was unable to prove a case given the vacuum of
information that may result from the defendant’s absence (or where my
observations at [52] would squarely apply), especially where the need for such
funds take on an added urgency.

54 Fortunately, no such unhappy dilemma befalls me. Accordingly, for the
reasons highlighted above, I granted the applicant’s application for interim
payment and set costs at $1,000.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 30 May 2007 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

