Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## You Xin v Public Prosecutor and Another Appeal  
[2007] SGHC 120

Case Number | : | MA 28/2007 & 29/2007  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 24 July 2007  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  V K Rajah JA   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  The appellants in person; Hay Hung Chun (Deputy Public Prosecutor) for the respondent   
Parties | : |  You Xin — Public Prosecutor   
  
Contempt of Court – Criminal contempt – Accused persons chanting with backs to
court – Summary conviction by District Court for contempt – Whether accused
persons' conduct amounting to contempt "in the face of the court" –
Jurisdiction of Subordinate Courts to summarily punish for such contempt –
Whether procedural safeguards in relation to summary process adequately
adhered to  
  
Criminal Law – Statutory offences – Miscellaneous Offences (Public Order and
Nuisance) Act – Accused persons convicted of participating in assembly without
permit – Whether accused persons' convictions should be overturned – Section
5(1) Miscellaneous Offences (Public Order and Nuisance) Act (Cap 184, 1997 Rev
Ed) – Rule 5 Miscellaneous Offences (Public Order and Nuisance) (Assemblies
and Processions) Rules (Cap 184, R 1, 2000 Rev Ed)  
  

24 July 2007 |  Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
V K Rajah JA:

Introduction

1 The law of contempt of court replete with its prompt and powerful sanctions
is designed to uphold and enhance both the effective administration of justice
as well as the standing of the courts. Its legitimacy in the final analysis,
however, is predicated upon the strict observance and adherence by the courts
to time-honoured and efficacious procedural safeguards. There can be no doubt
that such procedural safeguards are founded upon notions of elementary justice
such as natural justice concepts of a fair hearing, not least of which is the
opportunity to be fairly heard, before a decision is made.

2 This case involves contempt in the face of the court and brings into sharp
focus the competing imperatives of expediency, on the one hand, and fairness
on the other, that inevitably prevail in decisions to summarily punish a
contemnor. Apart from reviewing what constitutes “contempt in the face of the
court” in the context of our statutory regime, this judgment seeks to define
the circumstances _when_ the summary process of contempt can be properly
invoked and _how_ scrupulously the procedural safeguards must be observed and
applied.

3 With these broad considerations in mind, I took the opportunity to assess
the summary convictions of contempt of court pronounced by the district court
in its decision of _PP v You Xin_ [2007] SGDC 79. My attention was drawn to
these convictions in the context of the appeals filed by You Xin (“the first
appellant”) and Wang Yuyi (“the second appellant”) (collectively “the
appellants”) against their convictions by the district court for contravening
r 5 of the Miscellaneous Offences (Public Order and Nuisance) (Assemblies and
Processions) Rules (Cap 184, R 1, 2000 Rev Ed) (“Rule 5”) read with s 5(1) of
the Miscellaneous Offences (Public Order and Nuisance) Act (Cap 184, 1997 Rev
Ed) (“the Act”). The appellants were convicted together with four other co-
accused persons (collectively “the accused”). All the accused are Falun Gong
practitioners. As the appellants did not formally articulate their desire to
appeal against their convictions for contempt in their petitions of appeal, I
decided to exercise my discretion and examine the record of the proceedings in
the district court to satisfy myself as to correctness, legality or propriety
of these convictions. This is a power I have under s 266(1) of the Criminal
Procedure Code (Cap 68, 1985 Rev Ed) (“CPC”) and it suffices to note at this
juncture that whether I consider it appropriate to revise the convictions for
contempt _after_ examining the record is a separate matter governed by s
268(1) of the CPC and the applicable case law.

The appeal against convictions for participating in assembly

4 Before assessing the convictions for contempt, it would be appropriate to
first address the appellants’ substantive appeals against their convictions
for participating in an assembly which they ought reasonably to have known was
held without a permit. At the first hearing before me on 3 July 2007, the
appellants disputed that there was an assembly of five or more persons. The
appellants also alleged that the evidence did not conclusively prove their
individual culpability. In order to assess their contentions, I directed that
the video recording of the entire incident be played in court. This was
eventually done at the adjourned hearing on 16 July 2007. After viewing the
video recording, the accused raised several additional arguments which can
economically be summarised into two main points. First, the appellants argued
that as there was no specific time indicated on the video recording, it could
not be said with certainty whether the alleged offences had taken place within
the time frame specified in the charge. Secondly, the appellants submitted
that the video recording had been tampered with to make it appear that they
had appeared in an assembly when they had not in fact participated in one.

5 After viewing the video recording and considering the appellants’ arguments,
I am satisfied that there is no reason to disturb the district judge’s
detailed analysis of the facts and law. The video recording clearly showed
that the appellants were aware of the presence of each other and their fellow
accused. It also showed that the appellants had communicated and interacted
frequently with different combinations of persons constituting the assembly.
It is plain therefore that they had participated in an assembly to publicise
“a cause or campaign”. As no permit for such an assembly was either applied
for or existed, the appellants were in contravention of Rule 5 read with s
5(1) of the Act. Although the video recording did not bear any indication of
the time of recording, the appropriate timelines can be established by
reference to the testimony of the prosecution witnesses as well as some of the
accused themselves as recorded in the notes of evidence. Furthermore, I can
see absolutely no reason to doubt that the video recording is anything but
authentic and unaltered. Accordingly, I dismiss the appellants’ substantive
appeals against their convictions for participating in an assembly which they
ought reasonably to have known was held without a permit.

Facts in relation to contempt

6 Having addressed the appellants’ substantive appeals, I now address the
issue of the accused’s convictions for contempt. As I stated earlier, this is
a matter which I decided to investigate on my own initiative. The relevant
facts in relation to this matter are straightforward and can be briefly
rounded up. On 22 January 2007, at the commencement of the trial, the accused,
through the first appellant (identified as “B2” in the notes of evidence),
complained about inadequate seating arrangements for the public and requested
that the trial be moved to a bigger courtroom to permit the attendance of
family members and supporters. This request was rejected by the district judge
because there were no other courtrooms then available.

7 Despite the court’s decision, the second appellant (identified as “B3” in
the notes of evidence) continued to insist that the trial be heard in another
courtroom, emphasising that the trial should not be a “secret” one. The
district judge responded by stating that the proceedings were indeed open to
members of the public as the door was unlocked. He declined to direct that
additional chairs be placed in the courtroom. The second appellant replied
that the accused would “boycott” the trial. The district judge then stood down
the trial for ten minutes to allow the accused an opportunity to reconsider
their decision. The second appellant, however, promptly, on behalf of the
accused, unequivocally rejected the district judge’s proposal.

8 Following this tense exchange, the prosecution called its first witness.
Just after he began his testimony, the accused collectively disrupted the
proceedings. The district judge recorded that all the accused “interrupt[ed]
court proceeding [_sic_] by chanting with their backs to the Court”. Although
the district judge directed them to immediately cease their insolent conduct,
he was ignored and the accused “continued to chant for another two minutes”.
What happened subsequently is a matter of vital significance, and it is
crucial to set out in full the events as recorded in the notes of evidence by
the district judge:

[After district judge tried to get attention but was ignored and the accused
continued to chant]

Court: If you do not stop, then I will hold all of you in contempt.

> (All 6 accused continue to chant for another minute.)

Court: I _find you in contempt_ – officers please take them into custody.

> Stand down at 10.45 to 2.30.

[emphasis added]

9 After the trial resumed at 2.34pm on the same day, the district judge gave
the accused an opportunity to apologise. Specifically, the notes of evidence
recorded that the following exchange between the district judge and the
accused:

Court: Do you wish to apologize for disrupting the proceedings? Because I am
giving you a chance to purge your contempt at this point.

B1: I didn’t interrupt the proceedings this morning.

Court: Were you chanting?

B1: I was involved in the _later part of the chanting_.

Court: So I take it that you are not apologizing for interrupting.

B1: I am of the view that I cannot interrupt.

B2: I do not think that we were in the wrong.

B3: I did not do anything wrong.

B4: I did not do wrong so why should I apologize?

B5: One should not make baseless allegations. I’ve already answered the
questions – I will not apologize because I did not do anything wrong.

B6: I’m not apologizing because we are just raising our basic rights to Your
Honour’s attention.

[emphasis added]

10 Thereafter, the district judge formally charged the accused with contempt:

Court: You, B1, B2, B3, B4, B5 and B6 are charged that on 22 January 2007 at
about 10.45am in Court 35 of the Subordinate Courts, did intentionally
interrupt a public servant, [name of district judge], myself, during judicial
proceedings by chanting despite being ordered to stop, an offence under
section 228 of the Penal Code Chapter 227 [_sic_], and in doing so have
committed contempt in the face of the Court.

I will now ask each of you to show cause why you should not be convicted for
contempt.

11 The accused, in response, proceeded to individually give reasons why they
should not be so convicted. These reasons centred on their perception that
they were entitled to a bigger courtroom and were therefore justified in
insisting upon this “right” by chanting and “boycotting” the trial. The
district judge rejected these reasons and accordingly convicted the accused of
contempt:

Court: I _find_ you in contempt for your actions earlier today – do you have
anything to say in mitigation before I pass sentence?

[emphasis added]

12 The accused maintained that they had not done anything wrong and refused to
say anything in mitigation. The district judge thereafter sentenced each of
the accused to serve two days’ imprisonment.

13 Before examining the correctness and propriety of these convictions, I turn
first to review and explain the applicable law.

Overview of the law of contempt

**_Broad objectives_**

14 It is settled law that a single, paramount and broad principle underlines
the law of contempt. It was noted by Sir John Donaldson MR in _Attorney-
General v Newspaper Publishing Plc_ [1988] Ch 333 (“ _Newspaper Publishing
Plc_ ”) at 368 that “[t]he law of contempt is based upon the broadest of
principles, namely that the courts cannot and will not permit interference
with the due administration of justice”. It is important to note that it is
justice itself that is flouted by contempt of court, _not_ the individual
court or judge who is attempting to administer it. The overriding object of
contempt of court is not merely to protect the dignity of the courts but
essentially to protect the administration of justice. To that extent the term
contempt of court is in reality a misnomer.

**_Forms of contempt_**

15 Because of the unpredictable and varied nature of human conduct, there are
many forms of contempt of court. In the oft-cited words of a widely cited
article (see Joseph Moskovitz, “Contempt of Injunctions, Civil and Criminal”
(1943) 43 Colum L Rev 780 at 780):

Contempt of court is the Proteus of the legal world, assuming an almost
infinite diversity of forms.

The scope of the subject was described in similar terms by Donaldson MR in
_Newspaper Publishing Plc_ ([14] _supra_) where he alluded to the “protean
nature” of contempt. Similarly, Lord Diplock in _Attorney-General v Times
Newspapers Ltd_ [1974] AC 273 stated (at 307) that:

The provision of a system for the administration of justice by courts of law
and the maintenance of public confidence in it, are essential if citizens are
to live together in peaceful association with one another. “Contempt of court”
is a generic term descriptive of conduct in relation to particular proceedings
in a court of law which tends to undermine that system or to inhibit citizens
from availing themselves of it for the settlement of their disputes. Contempt
of court may thus take many forms.

The Court of Appeal referred to and endorsed these comments in the recent case
of _Pertamina Energy Trading Ltd v Karaha Bodas Co LLC_ [2007] 2 SLR 518.

16 For all its varied forms, Nigel Lowe and Brenda Sufrin in _The Law of
Contempt_ (Butterworths, 3rd Ed, 1996) note at p 2 that contempt can be
divided into two broad categories, _viz_ , contempt by interference and
contempt by disobedience. The former category comprises a wide range of
matters such as disrupting the court process itself (contempt in the face of
the court), publications or other acts which risk prejudicing or interfering
with particular legal proceedings, and publications or other acts which
interfere with the course of justice as a continuing process (for example,
publications which “scandalise” the court and retaliation against witnesses
for having given evidence in proceedings which are concluded). The second
category comprises disobeying court orders and breaching undertakings given to
the court.

**_Contempt in the face of the court_**

17 Notwithstanding the many varied forms of contempt, the particular form of
contempt this case is concerned with is that of contempt in the face of the
court. The Privy Council in _Izuora v R_ [1953] AC 327 sagaciously stated (at
336) that it was not possible to particularise the acts which can or cannot
constitute contempt in the face of the court. In general, contempt in the face
of the court may be said to comprise the unlawful interruption, disruption or
obstruction of court proceedings. As Lord Goddard said in _Parashuram Detaram
Shamdasani v The King Emperor_ [1945] AC 264 (“ _Parashuram Detaram
Shamdasani_ ”) at 268:

For words or action used in the face of the court, or in the course of
proceedings, for they may be used outside the court, to be contempt, they must
be such as would interfere, or tend to interfere, with the course of justice.
No further definition can be attempted.

18 At its narrowest, the power to punish for contempt in the face of the court
can only be exercised to all misconduct occurring within the courtroom within
the personal view and knowledge of the court: see _McKeown v The King_ [1971]
16 DLR 390 at 408. It would perhaps be prudent not to attempt to shoehorn a
definition of contempt in the face of the court and leave the concept fluid.
Indeed, as Zulkefli J shrewdly observed in the Malaysian High Court decision
of _Koperasi Serbaguna Taiping Barat Bhd v Lim Joo Thong_ [1999] 6 MLJ 38 at
55:

… the circumstances and categories of facts which may arise and which may
constitute contempt in the face of the court in a particular case are never
closed. Contempt in the face of the court may arise from any act, any slander,
any contemptuous utterance and any act of disobedience to a court order. Any
of these acts in varying degrees that affects the administration of justice or
may impede the fair trial of subjudice matters, whether for the time being
pending in any court can be deemed to be contempt in the face of the court.

19 A court of law must be able to maintain within its confines an atmosphere
conducive to orderly proceedings so that justice is seen to be conducted in a
meticulous and structured manner, and most crucially, fairly and impartially
to all who appear before it. The interruption or disruption of the trial
process itself invariably constitute a most serious threat to and is an
audacious frontal attack on the administration of justice. As such the power
to punish as contempt such conduct has long been recognised as a necessary
incident of courts of record. In _R v Almon_ (1765) Wilm 243, Wilmot J said
(at 254):

The power which the courts in Westminster Hall have of vindicating their own
authority, is coeval with their first foundation and institution; it is a
necessary incident to every Court of Justice … to fine and imprison for
contempt of court, acted in the face of it.

20 Some two hundred years later, Lord Denning MR influentially declared in
_Morris v Crown Office_ [1970] 2 QB 114 (“ _Morris_ ”) at 122:

The phrase “contempt in the face of the court” has a quaint old-fashioned ring
about it; but the importance of it is this: _of all the places where law and
order must be maintained, it is here in these courts_. The course of justice
must not be deflected or interfered with. Those who strike at it strike at the
very foundations of our society. To maintain law and order, the judges have,
and must have, power at once to deal with those who offence against it. It is
a great power – a power instantly to imprison a person without a trial – but
it is a necessary power. [emphasis added]

As such, the law of contempt empowers the presiding judge to treat as contempt
conduct which interferes with the proceedings and punish the contemnor
utilising a summary process without a proper trial.

The power of the subordinate courts to deal with contempt in the face of the
court

21 In Singapore, the source of the subordinate courts’ jurisdiction (which is
of concern in the present case) to deal with contempt merits closer
consideration because of the potential simultaneous application of two
statutes, namely the Subordinate Courts Act (Cap 321, 1999 Rev Ed) (“SCA”) and
the CPC. Their precise relationship requires careful explication. It needs
also to be considered whether, notwithstanding these statutes, the subordinate
courts retain an _inherent_ jurisdiction to deal with contempt in the face of
the court since the summary process to deal with such contempt is only
_expressly_ provided for in a confined statutory setting. In other words, if
the inherent jurisdiction is not available, then it could be the case that the
use of the summary process is necessarily restricted only to the situations
spelt out statutorily. It is apposite to first examine the intent and purport
of the relevant statutory provisions.

**_The relevant statutory provisions_**

22 The subordinate courts’ jurisdiction to punish acts of contempt can be
found principally in two statutes. First, s 8 of the SCA provides:

**Contempt**

**8.** —(1) The subordinate courts shall have power to punish for contempt of
court where the contempt is committed —

(_a_) in the face of the court; or

(_b_) in connection with any proceedings in the subordinate courts.

(2) Where contempt of court is committed in the circumstances mentioned in
subsection (1), the court may impose imprisonment for a term not exceeding 6
months or a fine not exceeding $2,000 or both.

(3) The court may discharge the offender or remit the punishment if the court
thinks it just to do so.

(4) In any case where the contempt is punishable as an offence under section
175, 178, 179, 180 or 228 of the Penal Code (Cap. 224), the court may, in lieu
of punishing the offender for contempt, refer the matter to the Attorney-
General with a view to instituting criminal proceedings against the offender.

“Subordinate courts” is in turn defined by s 3(1) of the SCA to mean:

**3.** —(1) There shall be within Singapore the following subordinate courts
with such jurisdiction as is conferred by this Act or any other written law:

(_a_) District Courts;

(_b_) Magistrates’ Courts;

(_c_) Juvenile Courts;

(_d_) Coroners’ Courts;

(_e_) Small Claims Tribunals.

23 Secondly, s 320 of the CPC provides:

**Procedure as to offences committed in court, etc.**

**320.** When any such offence as is described in section 175, 178, 179, 180
or 228 of the Penal Code is committed in the view or presence of any civil or
criminal court other than the High Court, the court may cause the offender to
be detained in custody and at any time before the rising of the court on the
same day may, if it thinks fit, take cognizance of the offence and sentence
the offender to a fine not exceeding $500 or to imprisonment for a term not
exceeding 3 months or to both.

**_Possible interpretations of the two sections_**

24 A perusal of the s 8(1) of the SCA and s 320 of the CPC immediately reveals
that the two sections overlap to some extent. First, it is clear that the two
sections apply to the same courts, _viz_ , the subordinate courts as defined
by s 3(1) of the SCA since s 320 of the CPC is stated to apply only to “any
civil or criminal court _other than the High Court_ ” (emphasis added).
Secondly, the two sections contemplate “contempt in the face of the court”,
albeit to varying degrees. In this respect, s 8(1) of the SCA uses the
expression “in the face of the court” when referring to the certain form of
contempt committed. On the other hand, the reach of s 320 of the CPC is not
extended to the broader expression “contempt in the face of the court”;
instead, it requires that the act constituting the act of contempt be founded
upon s 175, 178, 179, 180 or 228 of the Penal Code (Cap 224, 1985 Rev Ed) and
that it must be “committed in the view or presence” of the court. However,
these offences, if committed in the view or presence of the court, are
essentially contempt in the face of the court. Therefore, while s 8 of the SCA
covers _inter alia_ all possible forms of contempt in the face of the court, s
320 of the CPC is only restricted to these statutorily identified types of
contempt in the face of the court.

25 Notwithstanding this apparent overlap, the two sections anomalously
prescribe _different sanctions_ for apparently the same manner of contempt.
Section 8(2) of the SCA provides that, in respect of the offences in s 8(1),
“the court may impose imprisonment for a term not exceeding 6 months or a fine
not exceeding $2,000 or both”. In contrast, s 320 of the CPC prescribes a
lesser punishment, _viz_ , “a fine not exceeding $500 or to imprisonment for a
term not exceeding 3 months or … both”. This gives rise to the initial
presumption that the offence contemplated in s 320 of the CPC is _sui generis_
or at least different from that of “contempt committed in the face of the
court” as envisaged in s 8(1) of the SCA. This may then give rise to the
further proposition that the summary process as expressly provided for in s
320 of the CPC is only limited to that section and specifically to the five
Penal Code offences listed therein, if they were committed in the view or
presence of the court.

**_Summary process not restricted to s 320 of the CPC_**

26 In my view, it would be reading too much into the two sections to regard s
320 of the CPC as signifying a legislative intent limiting the application of
the summary process only to certain offences. Indeed, such an interpretation
is not easily reconcilable with the _nature_ of the Penal Code offences (_viz_
, ss 175, 178, 179, 180 and 228) listed in s 320 of the CPC. These offences,
as mentioned above, are, _in substance and effect_ , essentially contempt in
the face of the court if committed in the view or presence of the court, and
there is no reason to think that Parliament intended to confine the summary
process exclusively to these offences.

27 First, s 175 of the Penal Code concerns the omission to produce a document
to a public servant by a person legally bound to produce such document. At
common law, the failure to produce a document despite being subpoenaed to do
so can amount to contempt: see _Jeames v Morgan_ (1616) Cary 56 and _The Law
of Contempt_ ([16] _supra_) at p 40. Secondly, s 178 of the Penal Code relates
to the refusal to take oath when duly required to do so by a public servant; s
179 in turn relates to the refusal to answer a public servant authorised to
answer; and s 180 relates to the refusal to sign a statement. At common law,
compellable witnesses who unjustifiably refuse to take the oath or affirm or
who unjustifiably refuse to answer a question properly put by the court and
which is relevant to the case may be held guilty of contempt: see _Hennegal v
Evance_ (1860) 12 Ves 201 and _The Law of Contempt_ ([16] _supra_) at p 45.
Thirdly, s 228 of the Penal Code relates to the intentional insult or
interruption to a public servant sitting in any stage of a judicial
proceeding. At common law, in the case of insult, Holroyd J in _R v Davison_
(1821) 4 B & Ald 329 regarded such conduct as contempt: see also _The Law of
Contempt_ ([16] _supra_) at p 18. As for disrupting court proceedings
generally, it was recognised in _R v Stone_ (1796) 6 Term Rep 527 that this
was contempt: see also _The Law of Contempt_ ([16] _supra_) at p 21.
Therefore, the five Penal Code offences listed in s 320 of the CPC are really
various statutory manifestations of contempt in the face of the court, and
must therefore come within the contemplation of s 8(1) of the SCA.

28 As such, I would regard the summary process to deal with contempt in the
face of the court to be available whether s 8 of the SCA or s 320 of the CPC
is utilised. By this interpretation, the different sanctions prescribed under
the two sections are simply an unfortunate statutory incongruence. While a
court purporting to apply s 8 of the SCA would not strictly be bound to
prescribe the sentences spelt out in s 320 of the CPC even if the contempt in
question can be characterised as being one of the Penal Code offences in s
320, it would be prudent to bear in mind the less serious sanctions spelt out
in s 320. Such a practice would promote consistency in sentencing across both
sections and/or the court’s inherent jurisdiction (see [29] to [31] below).
Indeed, my view that the summary process is available whether s 8 of the SCA
or s 320 of the CPC is employed is supported by both the existence of an
inherent jurisdiction of the subordinate courts in dealing with contempt in
the face of the court and settled case law, for reasons which I shall now
elaborate on.

_Inherent jurisdiction of the subordinate courts to deal with contempt in the
face of the court_

29 The learned authors of _The Law of Contempt_ ([16] _supra_) note correctly
at p 467 that all courts of record have an inherent jurisdiction to punish
contempt committed in their face but the inherent jurisdiction to punish
contempt committed outside the court resides exclusively in superior courts of
record: see further _R v Lefroy_ (1873) LR 8 QB 134. Such a power is indeed
not derived from statute or truly from the common law but instead flows from
the very _raison d’etre_ for a court of law and the uncompromisable objective
to uphold the proper administration of justice. Since the subordinate courts
are indisputably inferior courts of record, they would be infused with the
inherent jurisdiction to deal with contempt in the face of the court, whether
the proceedings take place in chambers or in open court. This inherent
jurisdiction would also extend to proceedings before the registrar and deputy
registrars of the subordinate courts by virtue of the need to uphold the
administration of justice in the discharge of their judicial duties. In any
event, since the powers of the registrar and the deputy registrars are derived
from those of a judge in chambers, s 8 of the SCA would apply to them as well:
see O 32 rr 9(1) and (2) of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2006 Rev Ed)
read with s 34 of the SCA.

30 At the same time, it is equally true that Parliament can abrogate or modify
such inherent jurisdiction in unequivocal terms. It thus remains to be
considered whether Parliament intended for this inherent jurisdiction to be
limited. In amending s 8 of the SCA in 1995, the Minister for Law stated that
(see _Singapore Parliamentary Debates, Official Record_ (5 December 1995) vol
65 at col 332 (Prof S Jayakumar, The Minister for Law)):

Sir, the main amendment in this Bill relates to contempt of court. The
provisions in the Subordinate Courts Act concerning contempt of court are
unsatisfactory because contempt of court includes contempt in the face of the
court and contempt not in its face. Contempt in the face of the court
essentially relates to activities within the court where the court has
personal knowledge of the circumstances giving rise to the contempt. _Examples
would be interrupting court proceedings or refusing to answer questions before
a court without lawful excuse_. Contempt of court not in its face is wider in
that it renders activities both in and outside of the court punishable. This
is regardless of whether it is within the court’s personal knowledge. Examples
would be scandalising the court or refusing to comply with a court order.
Under the amendments, the Subordinate Courts presently have the power to
punish a person for contempt of court only where contempt is committed in the
face of the court. _Under the present provisions, the Subordinate Courts are
unable to deal with matters which give rise to contempt not in its face. This
is clearly inadequate. This lacuna will be remedied by an amendment which
seeks to amend section 8 of the Subordinate Courts Act._ In other words, Sir,
with the amendments proposed, the Courts will be able to punish for contempt
both in the face as well as not in the face of the court.

[emphasis added]

31 As is clear from this passage, Parliament has acknowledged the powers of
the subordinate courts to deal with contempt in the face of the court. As it
is well-settled law that the legislative intent must be unequivocal should
Parliament wish to abrogate or modify the inherent jurisdiction of the courts,
I see no reason to think that Parliament intended s 320 of the CPC to curtail
by means of a side-wind the applicability of the summary process to deal with
contempt in the face of the court to only the specifically identified Penal
Code offences. Indeed, given that the power to summarily punish such contempt
conceptually flows from the inherent jurisdiction of the subordinate courts
and _not_ the statutory provisions, I am of the view that in the absence of
contrary legislative intent, the summary process is available in all instances
of contempt in the face of the subordinate courts, whether or not s 8 of the
SCA or s 320 of the CPC is invoked. Accordingly, when a court exercises its
power to summarily punish a contemnor for contempt in its face, it is really
drawing upon its inherent jurisdiction to do so, which existence has been
_recognised_ (and not conferred) by s 8 of the SCA or s 320 of the CPC.
However, while the source of the power to _exercise_ the summary process is
inherent, the _sentencing options_ available to the courts at the conclusion
of the summary process have been clearly spelt out statutorily. As such, the
courts ought to have regard to these statutory boundaries in considering the
appropriate sentence. Having said that, it bears emphasis that whichever
source of power one uses to justify the exercise of the summary process, the
procedural safeguards (which will be elaborated on below) must be followed.

_Case law_

32 Case law broadly supports my view that the summary process may also be
relied on when s 8 of the SCA is invoked. In the High Court decision of _Ram
Goswami v PP_ [1984-1985] SLR 478 (“ _Ram Goswami_ ”), Wee Chong Jin CJ,
without adverting to s 320 of the CPC, did not question the power of the
subordinate courts in dealing with contempt in its face by invoking the
summary process. Indeed, Wee CJ acknowledged the powers of the subordinate
courts as such at [16]:

In my view, having regard to all the circumstances of the case, the _power of
summary punishment given to the judge under s 8 of the Subordinate Courts Act_
should not have been exercised when the appellant apologised for his
conduct.[emphasis added]

33 Given that I have come to the conclusion that the summary process is
available under both s 8 of the SCA and s 320 of the CPC, it must now be
considered _when_ and _how_ this power is to be invoked.

Overview of the summary process

34 Although contempt in the face of the court has some of the characteristics
of any criminal offence, the procedure, as David LJ noted in _Morris_ ([20]
_supra_) at 124, is entirely different in such cases from that which applies
in ordinary criminal cases. Like any other offence a criminal contempt must be
proved beyond all reasonable doubt but, unlike other offences, there is no
prosecution, and no summons or warrant for arrest. The punishment can be
immediate and is imposed by the judge sitting in the court at the time even if
the contempt is directed against the judge himself.

35 This is what has come to be known as the “summary process”. By this
process, the accused may be charged on the spot, the judge formulating the
charge and then asking the accused to show cause why he ought not to be
immediately convicted. In these cases the judge is said to be acting _brevi
manu_ , _ie_ , without the intervention of any further court proceedings. The
process was well described by Mustill LJ in _R v Griffin_ (1989) 88 Cr App Rep
63 (at 67):

There is no summons or indictment, nor is it mandatory for any written account
of the accusation made against him to be furnished to the contemnor. There is
no preliminary enquiry or filtering procedure, such as committal. Depositions
are not taken. There is no jury. Nor is the system adversarial in character.
The judge himself enquires into the circumstances, so far as they are not
within his personal knowledge. He identifies the grounds of complaint, selects
the witnesses and investigates what they have to say … decides guilt and
pronounces sentence.

**_Dangers of the summary process_**

36 At first blush, the summary process appears to go against the traditional
requirements of natural justice, specifically that a person should not be a
judge in his own cause, and that decisions affecting citizens should be taken
only after affording an opportunity to be heard. Despite some admitted
shortcomings of the process, the primary objection stated earlier (_viz_ , no
one should be a judge in his own cause) can be easily answered with the simple
reply that it is the dignity of the judicial process that is being protected,
not that of the court or the judge.

37 However, recognising that the summary process appears to be “rough
justice”, it is imperative that any such appearance should be countered by the
adoption of strict procedures that minimise the impression of injustice. In
formulating these procedures, it would be useful to understand the
justification for the use of the summary process, and how this may be balanced
with the need to ensure that due process is accorded to the accused.

**_Justification for use of the summary process_**

38 The justification commonly used for the summary process is that it provides
a speedy and efficient means of trying the contempt which is necessary for the
protection of the due administration of justice. As Wills J said in _R v
Davies_ [1906] 1 KB 32 (at 41):

… the undoubted possible recourse to indictment and criminal information is
too dilatory and too inconvenient to afford any satisfactory remedy. It is
true that the summary remedy, with its consequent withdrawal of the offence
from the cognisance of a jury, is not to be resorted to if the ordinary
methods of prosecution can satisfactorily accomplish the desired result,
namely, to put an efficient and timely check upon such malpractices. But they
do not.

39 The Phillimore Committee in London, in the _Report of the Committee on
Contempt of Court_ (Cmnd 5794, 1974) at para 17, similarly concluded that the
“principal merit [of the summary procedure] is that it can be set in motion
rapidly in order to deal with a threat to the administration of justice”.
Indeed, according to Hope JA in the Australian decision of _Attorney-General
(NSW) v Mundey_ [1972] 2 NSWLR 887 (at 912):

The reported decisions show that such a charge [_ie_ , contempt] should be
dealt with summarily only where it is established clearly and beyond
reasonable doubt, and where the case can be described as exceptional. The
justification for the summary disposition of contempt charges has been said to
be the need to remove at once the immediate obstruction to the administration
of justice.

40 Closer to home, in _Bok Chek Thou v Low Swee Boon_ [1998] 4 MLJ 342 (“ _Bok
Chek Thou_ ”), the Malaysian High Court observed (at 346) that “the
disposition of contempt charges which is summary in nature, may be justified
by the need to remove as quickly as possible any impediments or obstructions
to the administration of justice as observed by the presiding judge” and that
the judge is “to nip and suppress the problem at the earliest of stages”.

The summary process to be used only if absolutely necessary

41 Balancing the dangers and justifications for the summary process, it seems
right that the disruption or interruption of the trial process should be
punishable summarily. However, the summary process for dealing with contempt
in the face of the court is summary in the extreme and it therefore is natural
that there is judicial solidarity to the effect that this summary process
should not be resorted to unless absolutely necessary: see, for example,
_Parashuram Detaram Shamdasani_ ([17] _supra_) at 270; _R v Griffin_ ([35]
_supra_) at 71; _Jaginder Singh v Attorney General_ [1983] 1 MLJ 71 (“
_Jaginder Singh_ ”) at 73; and _Re V Kumaraendran, An Advocate & Solicitor_
[1975] 2 MLJ 45. As Stephenson LJ said in _Balogh v Crown Court at St Albans_
[1975] QB 73 (“ _Balogh_ ”) at 90:

[The procedure] must never be invoked unless the ends of justice really
required such drastic means; it appears to be rough justice; it is contrary to
natural justice; and it can only be justified if nothing else will do …

42 Stephenson LJ repeated, with greater emphasis, these views in the later
case of _W eston v Central Criminal Court, Courts Administrator_ [1977] QB 32
at 46:

I stand by all I said in _Balogh’s_ case [1975] QB. 73, 90 about the sparing
use of this extreme remedy and the need to resort to it only when necessary,
and then under stringent conditions. But I need not decide the question
whether summary procedure was necessary, or rightly conducted, in this case,
because (as I have said) I am not satisfied that the appellant was in
contempt. It is of course vitally important for the administration of justice
that solicitors, no less than counsel, should assist the court by co-operating
with its administrators and complying with the court’s directions, whether
they come from the judge as a request for help or as orders to be obeyed.
Nowhere is co-operation more important than at the Central Criminal Court,
where the enormous number of courts and cases presents special difficulties,
and demands the maximum of mutual trust and goodwill if justice to all is to
be done fairly and quickly.

43 These views were later unreservedly adopted by Wee CJ, in _Ram Goswami_
([32] _supra_), who in addition referred to the views of Lord Denning MR in
_Balogh_ ([41] _supra_) at [17]:

The course of justice is best served if, whenever an occasion arises for a
court to consider exercising its powers under s 8, to bear in mind a passage
in the judgment of Lord Denning MR in _Balogh v St Albans Crown Court_ [1975]
QB 73, 85 which reads:

This power of summary punishment is a great power, but it is a necessary
power. It is given so as to maintain the dignity and authority of the court
and to ensure a fair trial. It is to be exercised by the judge of his own
motion only when it is urgent and imperative to act immediately — so as to
maintain the authority of the court — to prevent disorder — to enable
witnesses to be free from fear — and jurors from being improperly influenced —
and the like ... The reason is so that (the judge) should not appear to be
both prosecutor and judge; for that is a role which does not become him well.

44 Nonetheless, it must also be accepted that judges have to make rapid
decisions in such cases, and that the _exercise_ of this discretionary
jurisdiction will not be lightly interfered with by an appellate court,
provided that the judge’s conduct does not disqualify him for bias, and also
provided that he accords the person concerned the safeguards which are now
regarded as essential. In _R v Logan_ [1974] Crim LR 609, the appellant upon
being sentenced for offences of assault occasioning actual bodily harm and
possessing dangerous drugs shouted, and used expletives, protesting his
conviction. A sentence of six months’ imprisonment was imposed. Although this
was later varied on appeal, the English Court of Appeal recognised that the
judge was entitled to take into account the background of the case and the
appellant’s record, and that he could not be criticised for his assessment of
the outburst as serious contempt.

45 Indeed, apart from laying down the general proposition that the summary
process is not to be invoked unless absolutely necessary, there should not be
fetters as to when the summary process can be invoked. To do so would be to
tie the hands of the courts in maintaining order to further the administration
of justice; the courts must be trusted to invoke the summary process only in
the appropriate situations.

The procedural safeguards in the summary process

46 Where the decision to invoke the summary process is taken, the procedural
safeguards developed must be followed. As I alluded earlier, given that the
summary process can appear to be “rough justice”, it is imperative that such a
perception should be countered by the adoption of procedures that minimise the
impression of injustice. In this regard, I gratefully adopt the suggested
methodology articulated in _Arlidge, Eady & Smith on Contempt_ (Sweet &
Maxwell, 3rd Ed, 2005) at p 706, with appropriate modifications to cater for
the statutory regime and settled legal jurisprudence in Singapore.

**_Proper record of facts_**

47 At the outset, the need for a proper record of the conduct constituting the
alleged contempt must be emphasised. The witnessed conduct, remarks, act of
refusal to answer, _etc_ , of the alleged contemnor, as well as the stage at
which the conduct took place, must be recorded to aid in the later formulation
of the charge, and to furnish the details for the contemnor’s potential appeal
against possible conviction. Indeed, such a requirement is statutorily
provided for in s 321 of the CPC (for the specific Penal Code offences stated
in s 320 of the CPC), which provides as follows:

**Record of facts constituting the offence.**

**321.** —(1) In every such case the court shall record the facts constituting
the offence with the statement, if any, made by the offender as well as the
finding and sentence.

(2) If the offence is under section 228 of the Penal Code the record must show
the nature and stage of the judicial proceeding in which the court interrupted
or insulted was sitting and the nature of the interruption or insult.

48 In my view, although not required for other contempt in the face of the
court under s 8 of the SCA, it would nonetheless be good practice for the
courts to invariably have proper records of the acts of contempt. The records
should be as complete as possible, but where the situation is such that the
disruptive conduct makes it difficult to maintain complete records, a less
than flawless account may still be acceptable. Such was the case in _PP v Lee
Ah Keh_ [1968] 1 MLJ 22 (“ _Lee Ah Keh_ ”).

49 In _Lee Ah Keh_ (_ibid_), before going on the bench the magistrate heard
singing and shouting in the court room. While on the bench he appealed for
calm but when the charge was being read out to the 57 persons, noise was again
heard and a missile was thrown at the bench by someone at the back of the
court. Persons stood on benches in the gallery and the noise persisted for
some time. The magistrate ordered the doors of the court to be closed and
summarily ordered those found in the court, including the accused persons, to
be committed to prison for contempt. The record of what had happened stated as
follows:

Chaos in court.

Persons in the audience (behind the dock) convicted and sentenced to one
month’s imprisonment for contempt of court.

Court adjourned.

In reviewing the conviction of the appellant, Ali J, referring to the record,
said at [23]:

In view of what had happened _it is not at all surprising that the record of
this case has been some what meagre in the sense that it did not fully state
the facts of the case_. It would be easy for me sitting in the comparatively
calm atmosphere of the High Court to be wise after the event. I can only
regard this as an exceptional case in which if any error had been made it was
because the situation rendered it difficult, if not impossible, to exercise
self restraint. [emphasis added]

50 I respectfully agree with Ali J. Therefore, while I would stress the need
for complete records of the conduct constituting contempt to be kept, this
requirement is not an inflexible one and in cases in which the situation makes
it difficult for proper records to be kept, the degree of specificity in the
record ought to be assessed by reference to the precise factual matrix.

**_Informing the alleged contemnor of court’s desire to pursue contempt
proceedings_**

51 Having concluded that a probable offence of contempt has been committed,
the alleged contemnor should be informed of the court’s desire to pursue
contempt proceedings. The court should, as far as possible, avoid conveying
the impression that it has already “found” the alleged contemnor “in
contempt”. Instead, it should promptly and plainly inform the alleged
contemnor of its desire to pursue contempt proceedings and make clear that it
has not yet taken cognisance of the alleged contempt and that when it does in
fact chooses to do so (_ie_ , take cognisance), the contempt proceedings would
have begun and that the alleged contemnor would then be given a chance to be
heard in response to a charge yet to be formulated against him. The court
should then re-emphasise that at this point the alleged contemnor has not been
charged or convicted of any offence. After so informing and if necessary, the
court may order the alleged contemnor to be detained (a power derived from the
court’s inherent jurisdiction that is also statutorily recognised in s 320 of
the CPC) or adjourn the proceedings for a “cooling-off” period. Of course, if
the court decides that immediate contempt proceedings are inappropriate, it
may, subject to the conditions spelt out in s 8(4) of the SCA or s 322 of the
CPC, refer the matter to the Attorney-General with a view to institute
criminal proceedings or direct the alleged contemnor to be prosecuted.

**_Cooling-off period_**

52 After informing the alleged contemnor of the court’s desire to pursue
contempt proceedings, the court may take one of three steps: (a) detain the
alleged contemnor in custody; (b) adjourn proceedings; or (c) immediately take
cognisance of the offence and proceed to formulate a charge against the
alleged contemnor. Although a judge may need to act promptly in the midst of a
trial, it is generally recognised that it will be prudent to defer
commencement of the contempt proceedings until some time has passed, both to
guard against the judge from over-reacting in the heat of the moment and also
to allow the alleged contemnor an opportunity for quiet reflection. This may
prompt an offer of an apology as well as a promise not to repeat the
disruptive conduct. As Lawton LJ said in _R v Moran_ [1985] 81 Cr App R 51 at
53:

… a decision to imprison the man for contempt of court should never be taken
too quickly. The judge should give himself time for reflection as to what is
the best recourse to take.

The Phillimore Committee ([39] _supra_) also noted (at para 33) that a penalty
was on occasion imposed with undue haste and cautioned that the “very
extensive” powers should only be exercised “after due deliberation, and
without their exercise appearing to be influenced by the heat or exasperation
of the moment”.

53 As such, although not expressly required by statute, it is my view that it
would be preferable, if practicable, for the court to allow for a “cooling-
off” period between the alleged contempt and the contempt proceedings, which
begins upon taking cognisance of the contempt of the alleged contemnor.

**_Opportunity to apologise_**

54 After this cooling-off period, the alleged contemnor _may_ _(not must)_ be
given the opportunity to purge his contempt by apologising to the court and
assuring it of his good behaviour in the future: see _Wilkinson v S_ [2003] 1
WLR 1254 (“ _Wilkinson_ ”) at 1262. This is notwithstanding that neither s 8
of the SCA nor s 320 of the CPC provides for such a course of action since the
decision to take cognisance of the contempt is entirely voluntary. Of course,
s 323 of the CPC gives the court the power to remit punishment on an apology
being made, but that section presupposes that a punishment has already been
passed and necessarily that can only be so _after_ the court has taken
cognisance. Thus, that is different from the situation contemplated here where
the alleged contemnor is given the opportunity to apologise _before_ the court
even takes cognisance of the contempt. It is well within the right of the
court to decline to exercise its discretion to take cognisance of the contempt
when an apology is given.

**_Taking cognisance of the contempt_**

55 If the court, after having given the alleged contemnor the opportunity to
apologise, nonetheless decides to take cognisance of the contempt, it should
then inform the alleged contemnor of this. The alleged contemnor should then
be informed that contempt proceedings have been formally commenced against
him. Indeed, in _Jagir Singh v Gram Panchayat Raipur Kalan_ ILR 1983 (1) (P&H)
396 (“ _Jagir Singh_ ”), it was held that the word “cognisance” means the act
of the court in applying its mind towards the offence involved and initiating
formal proceedings against the offender.

**_Rules of natural justice to be observed_**

56 After taking cognisance of the contempt and thereby initiating the formal
contempt proceedings, the court must adhere to the rules of natural justice
embodied in the procedural requirements developed by the common law. The fact
that the process is so summary does not mean that there are no procedural
requirements. The alleged contemnor is entitled to be informed with sufficient
precision of the charge against him and to be given the opportunity to explain
his conduct and advance any available defence. Indeed, as the Privy Council
was at pains to point out in _In_ _Re Pollard_ (1868) LR 2 PC 106 at 120:

… no person should be punished for contempt of Court, which is a criminal
offence, unless the specific offence charged against him be distinctly stated,
and an opportunity of answering it given to him …

57 In _R v Moran_ ([52] _supra_), Lawton LJ summarised (at 53) these general
principles in the following manner:

… the judge should consider whether the seeming contemnor should have some
advice. We do not accept the proposition which was tentatively put forward on
this appeal that this contemnor had a right to legal advice. Sometimes
situations arise in court when the judge has to act quickly and to pass such
sentence as he thinks appropriate at once; so there cannot be any right to
legal advice. _Justice does not require a contemnor in the face of the court
to have a right to legal advice. But if the circumstances are such that it is
possible for the contemnor to have advice, he should be given an opportunity
of having it_. In practice what usually happens is that somebody gives the
contemnor advice. He takes it, apologises to the court and that is the end of
the matter. Giving a contemnor an opportunity to apologise is one of the most
important aspects of this summary procedure, which in many ways is Draconian.
If there is a member of the Bar in court who could give advice, a wise judge
would ask that member of the Bar if he would be willing to do so. The member
of the Bar is entitled to say no, but in practice never does. [emphasis added]

58 The High Court of Australia has formulated the following procedural
requirements in _Coward v Stapleton_ [1953] 90 CLR 573 at 579–580:

… it is a well-recognized principle of law that no person ought to be punished
for contempt of court unless the specific charge against him be distinctly
stated and an opportunity of answering it given to him: _In re Pollard_ ; _R.
v. Foster;_ _Ex parte Isaacs_. The gist of the accusation must be made clear
to the person charged, though it is not always necessary to formulate the
charge in a series of specific allegations: _Chang Hang Kiu v. Piggott_. The
charge having been made sufficiently explicit, the person accused must then be
allowed a reasonable opportunity of being heard in his own defence, that is to
say a reasonable opportunity of placing before the court any explanation or
amplification of his evidence, and any submissions of fact or law, which he
may wish the court to consider as bearing either upon the charge itself or
upon the question of punishment.

Resting as it does upon accepted notions of elementary justice, this principle
must be rigorously insisted upon.

[footnotes omitted]

59 The Supreme Court of Canada reached the same broad conclusion in _BK v R_
(1996) 129 DLR (4th) 500. The facts of this case were extremely deplorable, to
say the least, but the quashing of the accused’s initial conviction for
contempt amply illustrates the law’s desire to uphold the guarantee of due
process to all before criminal conviction. In _BK v R_ , the witness had not
only refused to testify as a Crown witness on a charge of attempted murder,
but had behaved in an insolent and abusive manner. Briefly, he had thrown the
Bible on the floor, put his foot up on the railings of the witness box and
made his position clear by saying: “F… it man, I ain’t testifying”. Thereupon
he was found to have committed contempt and sentenced immediately to six
months’ imprisonment. The Supreme Court decided that the judge’s decision was
wrong and quashed the conviction. Lamer CJC said (at 508, [15]):

There is no doubt in my mind that he was amply justified in initiating the
summary contempt procedures. I, however, find no justification for foregoing
the usual steps, required by natural justice, of putting the witness on notice
that he or she must show cause why they would not be found in contempt of
court, followed by an adjournment which need be no longer than that required
to offer the witness an opportunity to be advised by counsel and, if he or she
chooses, to be represented by counsel. In addition, upon a finding of contempt
there should be an opportunity to have representations made as to what would
be an appropriate sentence. This was not done and there was no need to forego
all of these steps.

_Clear and specific charge_

60 The accused must at least be made aware that he is being charged with
contempt for particular conduct. However, the degree of precision with which
the charge must be stated will depend upon the circumstances. Provided that
the gist of the allegation is clearly conveyed to the accused it is not always
essential to formulate the charge in a series of specific allegations. The
fundamental rule is that the charge must always be specific enough to leave
the accused in no doubt as to what is the conduct being complained of.

61 In _Jaginder Singh_ ([41] _supra_), the observations of Raja Azlan Shah Ag
LP (as he then was) astutely point out how important it is to comply with this
principle in dealing with a charge of contempt of court. He stated (at 74):

_The disturbing aspect, amongst others, in this case is that no specific
charges against the appellants_ were distinctly stated and what is worse they
were not given an opportunity to answer and defend themselves. _It is
unthinkable that they should be sent to prison unless specific charges were
framed and they have had an opportunity to answer them._ This is because the
summary contempt procedure more often involves a denial of many of the
principles of natural justice, requiring, as it did in this case, that the
judge should not only be both prosecutor and adjudicator, but should also have
been witness to the matters to be adjudicated upon. [emphasis added]

62 Similarly, it is important that the charge reflected the specific
involvement of each of the alleged contemnor accurately. In _Bok Chek Thou_
([40] _supra_), it was noted (at 345) that charges had to be separately read
as it would be against the law to agglomerate the contemnors together since
the “… legal and judicial system does not recognize group punishment, hence
the necessity of separate charges, with their identities established”.

_Opportunity to be heard_

63 The failure to particularise a charge almost inevitably jeopardises the
second requirement that the accused be given an opportunity to answer the
charge. The very minimum is that the accused must be given an opportunity to
answer the charge before a finding of guilt is pronounced. As stated earlier,
in _Re Pollard_ , it was held that a contempt of court being a criminal
offence no person can be punished for such unless the specific offence charged
against him be distinctly stated, and an opportunity given him of answering.

64 This approach was later endorsed by the Privy Council in the case of _Chang
Hang Kiu v Sir Francis T Piggott_ [1909] AC 312. In this case eight witnesses
at the trial before the Chief Justice in the High Court of Hong Kong were
committed for contempt. Addressing the eight persons the Chief Justice is
reported to have said at 315:

The eight witnesses have to my mind been guilty of the most flagrant
conspiracy to defraud the alleged partner, Wong Ka Chuen. They have each one
been guilty of the most corrupt perjury, and in virtue of the provisions of
the law which empowers me to deal at once with such cases I commit each of
them to prison for three months without hard labour.

Lord Collins delivering the judgment of the board authoritatively said at 315:

But though, in their Lordships’ opinion, the language used by the Chief
Justice was quite sufficiently specific to make the appellants aware of the
pith of the charge against them, they think that the Chief Justice should,
before sentencing them, have given them an opportunity of giving reasons
against summary measures being taken.

65 It also bears reiteration that in _Coward v Stapleton_ ([58] _supra_), the
Australian High Court set out the general principle as such (at 580):

The charge having been made sufficiently explicit, the person accused must
then be allowed a reasonable opportunity of being heard in his own defence,
that is to say a reasonable opportunity of placing before the court any
explanation or amplification of his evidence, and any submissions of fact or
law, which he may wish the court to consider as bearing either upon the charge
itself or upon the question of punishment.

66 Similarly, in the Malaysia Federal Court case of _Zainur Bin Zakaria v PP_
[2001] 3 MLJ 604, it was held at 605 that the opportunity to be heard “must
necessarily include that a reasonable opportunity be given to the alleged
contemnor to prepare his case”.

67 This issue of the opportunity to be heard invariably brings forth the
consideration of the concept of the necessity of representation for the
alleged contemnor. One must bear in mind that as this is a summary proceeding,
which usually requires a prompt response, so as to prevent the degeneration of
the administration of justice, courts are not rigidly bound to follow the
time-honoured “right of legal representation”. In the case of _R v Moran_
([52] _supra_) at 53, Lawton LJ rejected the view that a contemnor had a right
to legal advice:

Sometimes situations arise in court when the judge has to act quickly and to
pass such sentence as he thinks appropriate at once; so there cannot be any
right to legal advice. Justice does not require a contemnor in the face of the
court to have a right to legal advice …

**_Period between taking cognisance and sentencing_**

68 In view of the general judicial consensus on the desirability of a cooling-
off period, it is also preferable that there should be a period of
consideration before sentencing. Indeed, such a period could even be an
overnight adjournment since, as Lawton LJ sagely noted in _R v Moran_ ([52]
_supra_) (at 53), “overnight thoughts are sometimes better than thoughts on
the spur of the moment”.

69 It is, however, pertinent to point out that s 320 of the CPC provides that
“at any time before the rising of the court _on the same day_ ”, the court “
_may_ … take cognizance of the offence and sentence the offender …” (emphasis
added). At first blush, this seems to suggest that the sentencing must take
place on the same day as when the offence was committed. Indeed, there are
Indian authorities which suggest that it is not permissible for the court to
hear evidence and postpone sentencing to a later date.

70 In _Emperor v_ _Shankar Krishnaji Gavankar_ (1942) 44 Bom LR 439 (“
_Shankar Krishnaji Gavankar_ ”), the applicant applied to the Bombay High
Court for a revision of his conviction for contempt on the basis that the
magistrate had failed to pass sentence on the same day as he taken cognisance
of the contempt. Beaumont CJ (on behalf of the court) held that the power
under s 480 of the Indian Criminal Procedure Code (Act V of 1898) (“the 1898
Code”), which is _in pari materia_ with s 320 of the CPC, gives the court
before which the contempt had taken place the power to rely on its own opinion
of what happened, detain the offender in custody, take cognisance of the
offence and sentence him. However, Beaumont CJ stressed (at 441) that “all
that must be done before the rising of the Court, _ie_ , on the same day” and
that “[t]here is no power to act upon a subsequent day”. As the magistrate in
that case had heard evidence and postponed sentence until two days later, the
conviction for contempt was set aside.

71 Subsequent amendments to the 1898 Code resulted in a different conclusion
on the issue of whether it is permissible for the court to pass sentence on
another day. In _Jagir Singh_ ([55] _supra_), a more recent decision of the
High Court of Punjab and Haryana, M M Punchhi J interpreted s 345(1) of the
Indian Code of Criminal Procedure 1973 (Act 2 of 1974), which is slightly
different from s 480 of the 1898 Code. Section 345(1) of the Indian Code of
Criminal Procedure 1973 (Act 2 of 1974) reads as follows:

**345\. Procedure in certain cases of contempt.**

(1) When any such offence as is described in Section 175, Section 178, Section
179, Section 180 or Section 228 of the Indian Penal Code (45 of 1860) is
committed in the view or presence of any Civil, Criminal or Revenue Court, the
Court may cause the offender to be detained in custody and may, at any time
before the rising of the Court on the same day, take cognizance of the offence
and, after giving the offender a reasonable opportunity of showing cause why
he should not be punished under this section, sentence the offender to fine
not exceeding two hundred rupees, and, in default of payment of fine, to
simple imprisonment for a term which may extend to one month, unless such fine
be sooner paid.

72 As would be apparent, s 345(1) of the Indian Code of Criminal Procedure
1973 (Act 2 of 1974) corresponds to s 480 of the 1898 Code (which, as
mentioned above, is _in pari materia_ with s 320 of the CPC) with the
following variances: (a) the words “as it thinks fit” have been omitted after
the words “on the same day”; (b) the auxiliary verb “may” has been placed
between the word “and” and “at any time” instead of a later portion after the
words “on the same day”; and (c) the words “after giving the offender a
reasonable opportunity of showing cause why he should not be punished under
this section” have been newly inserted after the words “take cognizance of the
offence and”: see _Sohoni’s The Code of Criminal Procedure, 1973_ vol 4 (The
Law Book Co (P) Ltd, 19th Ed, 1996) at p 3782.

73 It was in view of the legislative amendments to the 1898 Code that Punchhi
J held in _Jagir Singh_ ([55] _supra_) at 400 that “[n]owhere can it thus be
spelled out from the language of [s 345] that all these proceedings had to
culminate on the same day” and that “[t]aking cognizance of the offence before
the rising of the Court on the same day does not mean that the proceedings
have to be initiated and finalised on the same day”. Punchhi J further pointed
out that “section 480 of the [1898] Code finds its substitute in section 345”
and that “a noticeable change has been brought about in as much as the
offender has been given now the right to have a reasonable opportunity of
showing cause why he should not be punished”. The learned judge reasoned that
the reasonable opportunity to be afforded to the alleged contemnor has to be a
meaningful opportunity in which the view points of the alleged contemnor and
his defence have to be taken note of. To illustrate his point, Punchhi J
provided the following illustration (at 401):

Suppose the contempt is itself committed, say five minutes before the Court is
expected to rise for the day. Now to say that the offender must be dealt with
within those five minutes, and he be given a reasonable opportunity of being
heard in observance of the principles of natural justice within that short
time, is asking the impossible. The opportunity to be afforded would then be
far from being reasonable.

74 In my view, although Punchhi J in _Jagir Singh_ ([55] _supra_) was
interpreting a section which is not on all fours with s 320 of the CPC, the
attractive, indeed compelling, force of his reasoning ought to be applied in
interpreting s 320 of the CPC as well. Indeed, to give full effect to the
right of the alleged contemnor to be heard, there can be no necessity for the
court to sentence the contemnor on the very same day it has taken cognisance
of the offence. This right of the alleged contemnor is one derived from the
principles of natural justice and need not be expressly provided for by
legislation.

75 In this connection, it is acknowledged that the court in _Shankar Krishnaji
Gavankar_ ([70] _supra_) reached a different conclusion in interpreting a
section that also has similarities to s 320 of the CPC. However, with respect,
the court there did not explain fully why it had come to the conclusion that
the taking of cognisance and passing of sentence must occur on the same day.
Reading s 320 of the CPC on its own, it seems to me that the emphasis must be
on the word “may”, and this suggests that the court _may_ sentence the
offender to a fine at any time before the rising of the court on the same day.
This in turn implies that the court _may choose_ _not_ to pass sentence
“before the rising of the court on the same day” and it therefore retains the
discretion to pass sentence on _another day_. Such a conclusion is entirely in
line with the need to accord the alleged contemnor the right to be heard.

76 Having said this, every court should guard against depriving a person of
his liberty even one instant more than is necessary. Indeed, as Punchhi J
remarked in _Jagir Singh_ ([55] _supra_) (at 401), the matter had to be
“disposed of as expeditiously as possible”. Similarly, in _Wilkinson_ ([54]
_supra_), the English Court of Appeal decided that, as a matter of good
practice, if the case cannot be heard the next day, it should be mentioned in
open court in order to explain and record the reasons for the further delay.
In my view, our courts should be slow to detain the alleged contemnor in
custody overnight after taking cognisance of the contempt. If the contempt
proceedings cannot be concluded in the same day after taking cognisance, the
question of bail should be considered before the court rises for the day. As
far as possible, the alleged contemnor should not be detained overnight in
custody pending a judicial determination on the contempt proceedings _except
in egregious cases_.

**_Right to be heard in mitigation_**

77 At the point of sentencing, the alleged contemnor should be given an
opportunity to be heard in mitigation despite the absence of statutory
provisions to this effect. The learned authors of _The Law of Contempt_ ([16]
_supra_) note at p 521 that although there is no English authority on this
point, it is doubtful whether there can be any dissent from the view that an
accused should be allowed, if he so desired, to make a plea in mitigation
pending sentence. At any rate, there is persuasive Scottish authority (_Macara
v Macfarlane_ 1980 SLT (Notes) 26) advocating this approach. I entirely agree
with this.

**_Sentence_**

78 Finally, it must be said that the court’s power to imprison is a major
sanction which should only be imposed in the most serious cases. In _R v
Thomson Newspapers Ltd, ex p Attorney-General_ [1968] 1 WLR 1, Lord Parker CJ
said in relation to assessing the gravity of a contempt in relation to pending
proceedings (at 4):

In the opinion of this court, the question of the seriousness of a contempt of
court can be looked upon from two angles: first, the seriousness of the
contempt judged by the likely prejudice to the fair trial of an accused; and,
secondly, the seriousness of the contempt, from the point of view of what I
may call the culpability of those concerned.

In my view, Lord Parker CJ’s opinion can be adopted to have general
application in all cases of contempt. The seriousness of the contempt can
therefore be judged by reference to the likely interference with the due
administration of justice and the culpability of the offender with the latter
being the key factor. As noted in _The Law of Contempt_ ([16] _supra_) at p
527, terms of imprisonment are commonly imposed upon those who have
interrupted court proceedings.

79 Indeed, in _Chee Soon Juan_ ([29] _supra_), Lai Siu Chiu J, while noting
(at [58]) that offences which involved scandalising the Singapore courts have
generally been punished by fines only, aptly clarified that where such
scandalising was done by the reading of the contemptuous statement _before_
the court, a term of imprisonment was warranted. In Lai J’s view (at [59]),
citing Yong Pung How CJ in _Re Tan Khee Eng John_ [1997] 3 SLR 382 at [14],
such conduct was clearly “conduct calculated to lower the authority of the
court” which amounted to “sheer, unmitigated contempt” sufficient to warrant a
sentence of imprisonment”. The same, and certainly more, must surely be said
of conduct which is clearly calculated to interrupt court proceedings.

Application to the present case

**_Whether there was contempt in the face of the court_**

80 The conduct of the accused were plainly deplorable and inexcusable. They
were designed not just to express the accused’s acute unhappiness and extreme
disapproval of the district judge’s decision to proceed with the hearing in
the existing courtroom but were also plainly calculated to be offensive and to
disrupt the court proceedings. This was clearly _prima facie_ contempt in the
face of the court, and if properly convicted, the decision to imprison the
accused certainly cannot be faulted. However, notwithstanding the appalling
nature of the accused’s conduct, like every litigant, they had an entitlement
to be accorded due process.

**_Whether procedural safeguards sufficiently adhered to_**

81 In considering whether the procedural safeguards have been sufficiently
adhered to, it is pertinent to acknowledge that the district judge had
initially informed all the accused “I find you in contempt” _immediately
after_ the accused continued with their chanting (see [8]). Although it is
true that the district judge later formulated a charge against the accused and
afforded them an opportunity to be heard in the afternoon, it bears emphasis
that the district judge again adopted precisely the same formula, _viz_ , “I
find you in contempt” after considering the accused’s explanation in relation
to the charge (see [11]). The repetition of this very formula _could have_
plausibly created the impression that the district judge had decided on the
accused’s guilt even _before_ affording the accused a chance to explain their
actions. While this was plainly not what the district judge intended (see [84]
below), it was rather regrettable that he expressed himself inappropriately as
this could in turn have created the perception that he was subsequently merely
going through the illusory motions of according the accused due process.

82 I adjourned the hearing to consider whether it would serve or achieve any
immediate purpose or wider objective in setting aside the convictions for
contempt. I have after mature reflection decided not to set aside the
accused’s convictions for a combination of reasons, prefaced by fact that I
would be exercising my revisionary powers should I set aside the convictions.
The exercise of such powers, as mentioned above (at [3]), is governed by
conditions which I do not think are satisfied here. Above all, I am now
entirely satisfied that the _purpose_ of the procedural safeguards which I
have elaborated on in some detail earlier has been fully met and that the
accused had clearly been afforded the opportunity to be heard in response to a
particularised charge of contempt.

_The threshold requirement of “serious injustice”_

83 The preliminary consideration in my mind is that if I were to set aside the
convictions, I would be exercising my revisionary powers under s 268(1) of the
CPC. In this regard, it is trite law that this power is to be exercised
sparingly. In _Ma Teresa Bebango Bedico v PP_ [2002] 1 SLR 192, it was said
(at [9]) that the threshold for exercising this revisionary power is the
requirement of “serious injustice”. The ambit of this term was described in
_Ang Poh Chuan v PP_ [1996] 1 SLR 326 (at 330) as such:

[V]arious phrases may be used to identify the circumstances which would
attract the exercise of the revisionary jurisdiction, but they all share the
common denominator that there must be some serious injustice … there cannot be
a precise definition of what would constitute such serious injustice for that
would … unduly circumscribe what must be a wide discretion vested in the court
… _But generally it must be shown that there is something palpably wrong in
the decision that strikes at its basis as an exercise of judicial power by the
court below._ [emphasis added]

Furthermore, in _Knight Glenn Jeyasingam v PP_ [1999] 3 SLR 362, the High
Court clarified the relationship between s 266(1) of the CPC and the
requirement of “serious injustice”. It held (at [19]) that not only must there
have been some error, illegality, impropriety or irregularity, it must also
have caused serious injustice for the revisionary power under s 268(1) to be
exercised:

The court’s immediate duty is to satisfy itself as to the correctness,
legality or propriety of any order passed and as to the regularity of any
proceedings of that subordinate court. However, this is not sufficient to
require the intervention of the courts on revision. The irregularity or
otherwise noted from the record of proceedings must have resulted in grave and
serious injustice.

_Was there serious injustice caused to the accused?_

84 Returning to the present case, I am of the view that it cannot be said that
there was “serious injustice” despite that district judge having informed all
the accused “I find you in contempt” _immediately after_ the accused continued
with their chanting (see [81] above). While this could have given the
impression that the district judge had already decided on the accused’s guilt
prior to hearing them, the notes of evidence clearly show that the district
judge had in fact afforded the accused an opportunity to be heard in response
to charges he later formulated. Granting that the district judge should have
informed the accused of the court’s desire to pursue contempt proceedings more
_precisely_ at the outset, his failure to do so did not, in the subject
proceedings, take away the _substance_ of the procedural safeguards he did in
fact accord to the accused. From the notes of evidence, it is apparent that
the district judge had formulated particularised charges against the accused.
It is equally clear that after reading the charges to the accused, the
district judge afforded each of the accused ample opportunity to be heard. He
had also allowed the accused an opportunity to mitigate before passing
sentence. As such, I am unable to conclude that the district judge had shut
his mind as to the inevitability of the accused’s guilt before according them
the requisite procedural safeguards. On this basis, the district judge’s
failure to express himself appropriately cannot be characterised as “palpably
wrong” and the threshold requirement of “serious injustice” is not met. I
therefore do not think that it is appropriate to exercise my revisionary
powers under s 268(1) of the CPC.

85 Furthermore, none of the accused (including the appellants) has alleged
entertaining any impression of procedural impropriety with regard to the
manner in which they were convicted for contempt. In fact, it was not disputed
by the appellants that they had actually committed the very acts for which
they were convicted of contempt, _ie_ , chanting for a few minutes in court or
otherwise. It is also not insignificant that four of the accused did not
appeal against any of their convictions for contempt of court or otherwise.
Finally, even the appellants did not even directly allude to the matters I
have noted in their petitions of appeal. The appellants have not complained in
these proceedings that they were not informed of the charges or denied a
hearing prior to their convictions for contempt. Although not determinative,
these considerations also objectively indicated that, from their perspective,
the accused also did not then perceive the presence of any procedural
injustice.

86 In relation to the sentence passed by the district judge, I am also
satisfied that no “serious injustice” was caused to the accused. In fact, it
would scarcely be out of place to observe that the sentences meted out were in
reality rather lenient. It is manifestly clear from the record that certain
individuals had taken on a greater role in the disruption of the court
proceedings. B1, for example, only appears to have been involved in the later
part of the chanting and was plainly not the instigator (see [9] above). The
question could be rightly asked whether there were culprits who had prompted
or instigated the others into committing this blatant affront to the
administration of justice. From the manner in which the second appellant (B3),
as spokesperson, persistently insisted on a move to a bigger courtroom prior
to the chanting, it can be plausibly suggested that she was perhaps a prime
mover of the incident, although this is by no means a finding I need or do
indeed now make. While the district judge could have sentenced the accused to
different sentences to reflect more accurately their individual culpability, I
am satisfied that no serious injustice had in fact been occasioned _to the_
_accused_. As mentioned above, if at all, the sentence of two days ought to be
considered light, particularly for those accused who had greater involvement
in the chanting; for example, the instigators or main culprits, if any, should
have been sentenced to a longer term of imprisonment on the basis of the
established facts.

87 Such an outcome (_ie_ , longer terms of imprisonment) could materialise if
the present convictions are set aside and the district judge were to refer the
incident to the Attorney-General for him to consider whether to initiate
criminal proceedings pursuant to s 8(4) of the SCA. Given that the accused
have already spent two days in prison and that the Public Prosecutor has not
appealed, there is plainly no necessity for such additional steps to be
initiated and/or to expose the accused to further proceedings and sanctions.
While I am troubled by the appearance of a procedural lapse by the district
judge, this is, in the final analysis, not a case where any serious injustice
has been occasioned so as to prompt me to exercise my revisionary powers and
set aside the convictions for contempt. Indeed, if anything, I emphasise that
the accused were punished only rather leniently for what I consider to be
blatant and perturbing affront to the administration of justice.

Conclusion

88 The appellation “summary procedure” does not mean that contempt proceedings
can be conducted on a whim without any customary legal formalities and
procedural safeguards. It merely means that these peculiar and extreme
disciplinary proceedings may be conducted, whenever absolutely necessary,
expeditiously. The requirement to observe the fundamentals of due process
remains imperative even where there has been interference with the
administration of justice. Summary does not mean arbitrary.

89 In the present case, after first dismissing the appellants’ substantive
appeals and reviewing the proceedings below, I have concluded that
notwithstanding the initial appearance of a lapse in processoral justice, no
good justification exists for me to exercise my discretionary revisionary
powers to set aside the convictions of the accused for contempt of court,
especially since the threshold requirement of “serious injustice” is not met.

90 To reiterate, the procedural safeguards embodied in the summary process
were actually adhered to _in substance_ by the district judge and the accused
were in reality accorded due process prior to their convictions for contempt
in the face of the court. In the light of these incontrovertible facts, I do
not think that the district judge behaved arbitrarily or improperly though I
must acknowledge that he ought to have been more vigilant in expressing
himself. It is of vital significance that not only must justice be done; it
must be seen to be so done by objective members of the community.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 24 Jul 2007 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

