Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## CST Cleaning & Trading Pte Ltd v National Parks Board  
[2008] SGHC 140

Case Number | : | DA 5/2008  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 22 August 2008  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Chan Sek Keong CJ   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Letchamanan Devadason (Steven Lee Dason & Khoo) and Mahtani Bhagwandas (Harpal Mahtani Partnership) for the appellant; Ramesh Selvaraj (Allen & Gledhill LLP) for the respondent   
Parties | : |  CST Cleaning & Trading Pte Ltd — National Parks Board   
  
Contract – Contractual terms – Rules of construction – Indemnity clause –
Agreement between contractor and statutory board to indemnify statutory board
against liability – Statutory Board incurring liability as result of
concurrent negligence and occupier's liability – Whether indemnity clause
applying to situation of concurrent causes and extent of indemnity available
to statutory board  
  

22  August 2008 |  Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Chan Sek Keong CJ:

1 This is an appeal by CST Cleaning & Trading Pte Ltd (“the Contractor”)
against the judgment of the district judge (“the District Judge”) in District
Court Suit No 1111 of 2005 (“the DC Suit”) in which he ordered the Contractor
to pay to the National Parks Board (“the Board”) the sum of $114,270.52 with
interest and costs pursuant to the terms of an indemnity given by the
Contractor to the Board (see _National Parks Board v CST Cleaning & Trading
Pte Ltd_ [2008] SGDC 7).

The background facts

2 The Contractor is a cleaning contractor. The Board is a statutory board
whose functions include, _inter alia_ , the maintenance of public parks in
Singapore. The Pasir Ris Park (“the Park”) is one of such parks. By a contract
dated 23 October 1998 (“the Contract”), the Contractor agreed to provide
cleaning services to the Park subject to the terms contained therein.

3 On 5 December 1999, a young boy, Liew Yu Wei (“Liew”), was cycling on a
footpath at the Park when he collided with a lorry travelling on the same
footpath and suffered injuries. The lorry was driven by one Ang Cheng Chai
(“Ang”), who was an employee of the Contractor’s subcontractor, Tan Tai Sang
Pte Ltd (“the Subcontractor”).

4 As a result of his injuries, Liew commenced an action in Magistrate’s Court
Suit No 1693 of 2001 (“the MC Suit”) for damages against: (a) the Board for
negligence and/or occupier’s liability as the occupier of the Park; (b) the
Contractor in vicarious liability for the negligence of the Subcontractor; and
(c) the Subcontractor as the employer of the lorry driver, Ang, whose
negligence had caused the injuries to Liew. The magistrate who heard the MC
Suit (“the Magistrate”) found that the Board and the Subcontractor, though not
acting in concert, had committed a tort contemporaneously and caused the same
or indivisible damage, with each liable for the whole damage, which the
Magistrate later apportioned at 50% for each party. The Board was found liable
_qua_ occupier of the Park or, alternatively, _qua_ joint tortfeasor with the
Subcontractor in negligence for causing Liew’s injuries.

5 Liew’s claim against the Contractor in vicarious liability for the
Subcontractor’s acts was dismissed on the ground that the Subcontractor was an
independent contractor of the Contractor.

6 Pursuant to the judgment in the MC Suit, the Board paid Liew the entire
amount of damages awarded to Liew amounting to $98,161.39 for which the Board
was wholly liable by virtue of it having been found jointly liable with the
Subcontractor (see _Oli Mohamed v Murphy_ [1969-1971] SLR 270 at 272, [10] and
_Wong Jin Fah v L & M Prestressing Pte Ltd_ [2001] 4 SLR 529). The Board also
paid the Contractor the sum of $16,109.13, being 50% of the taxed costs and
court fees pursuant to the judgment in the MC Suit. The total loss thus
suffered by the Board amounted to $114,270.52.

The DC Suit

7 Having paid out the entire amount under the judgment in the MC Suit and 50%
of the costs to the Contractor, the Board then commenced an action in the DC
Suit against the Contractor for an indemnification of the amount of
$114,270.52, under cl 22(a) of the Contract, which reads:

The Contractor shall be liable for and shall indemnify the Board in respect of
any liability, loss, claim or proceedings whatsoever arising under any statute
or common law in respect of personal injury to or death of any person
whomsoever arising out of or in the course of or by reason of the execution of
the Works _provided that the same is due to any negligence, omission or
default of the Contractor, his servants or agents or any sub-contractor, his
servants or agents._ [emphasis added]

8 The Board’s case before the District Judge was based on a literal reading of
the words of cl 22(a): the Board had suffered a loss of $114,270.52 in respect
of the personal injury to Liew arising out of or in the course of or by reason
of the execution of the contract works and the _same_ , _ie_ , the personal
injury to Liew, was due to the negligence of the Subcontractor’s servant, Ang,
and the Contractor was thus liable for the loss for which it had to indemnify
the Board. The Board contended that its claim to be indemnified fell squarely
and clearly within the words of the indemnity clause.

9 The Contractor’s defence was equally simple: it was that the indemnity was
intended to cover the situation where the Board, as an employer, was made
liable for any personal injury arising from the execution of the contract
works for which it was not itself negligent. In other words, the indemnity was
intended to cover the Board’s vicarious liability and not the Board’s own
liability in negligence. Here, the Board was held liable to Liew for its own
negligence in occupier’s liability, and therefore cl 22(a) did not cover such
a liability. Furthermore, there was an ambiguity in the indemnity clause,
which should be construed against the _proferens_ (_ie_ , the Board) under the
_contra proferentem_ rule of construction.

10 The District Judge accepted the submission of the Board. He held that on
its natural and ordinary meaning, the indemnity clause applied. The Board had
suffered a loss and it was due to the negligence of the Subcontractor’s
servant in causing injury to Liew. The District Judge rejected the
Contractor’s argument that the _contra proferentem_ rule applied because there
was no ambiguity in the words of the indemnity clause. He held that reading
the words as not being applicable to a situation where the Board itself was
negligent would require him to rewrite the indemnity clause or read into it
extra words that were not there. The District Judge was of the view that the
commercial purpose of indemnity clauses like cl 22(a) was to provide employers
with full protection irrespective of who was negligent so long as the employer
suffered a loss or incurred a liability because of the contractor, its
subcontractor or their respective agents and servants.

The Contractor’s arguments on appeal

11 The Contractor’s arguments before me were basically a reiteration of its
arguments before the District Judge. Its counsel contended that the District
Judge had failed to give effect to the proviso (_ie_ , the emphasised words at
[7] above) in the indemnity clause and had turned the Contractor into an
insurer for the Board. He reiterated that the indemnity clause had no
application unless the Board was held liable for the negligence of the
Contractor, the Subcontractor or their respective servants or agents, but here
the Board was held liable for its own negligence. In other words, the
indemnity was intended to cover the vicarious liability of the Board and not
its own direct liability.

The Board’s arguments on appeal

12 The Board’s arguments before me were also a reiteration of its arguments
before the District Judge. However, counsel for the Board further argued that
the Board was seeking only to be indemnified for the loss and liability
incurred by the Board that were factually attributable to the Subcontractor’s
servant, Ang. The argument was that, but for the initial negligent act of the
Subcontractor’s servant, the Board could not and would not have been sued in
the first place, as the collision would not have occurred. The Board referred
to the decision of the English High Court in _Hosking v De Havilland Aircraft
Co, Ltd_ [1949] 1 All ER 540 (“ _Hosking_ ”) in support of its argument _._

The case of _Hosking_

13 In _Hosking_ , the employer had engaged contractors to carry out building
works on a plot of land adjacent to its factory. The contractors had dug a
hole into the ground in order to lay pipes under the land. They placed a plank
across the hole so that workmen could cross from one side to the other. The
plaintiff, an employee of the occupiers of the factory, was crossing the plank
in the course of his work when the plank broke. The plaintiff fell into the
hole and suffered injuries. The employer was held liable for breach of its
statutory duty under the Factories Act 1937 (c 67) (UK) for failing to ensure
that the plank was of sound construction and properly maintained and for
failing to provide a safe means of access**.** In third-party proceedings, the
employer claimed to be indemnified by the contractors under the following
indemnity clause in the contract between the parties:

The contractor shall be solely liable for and shall indemnify the employer in
respect of and shall insure against any liability, loss, claim or proceedings
whatsoever arising under any statute (other than the Workmen’s Compensation
and Employers’ Liability Acts) or at common law in respect of personal injury
to or the death of any person whomsoever arising out of or in the course of or
caused by the execution of the works, _unless due to any act or neglect of the
employer or of any person for whom the employer is responsible._ [emphasis
added]

14 Lewis J held that, although the occupiers of the factory were liable to the
plaintiff for breach of statutory duty, they were still entitled to claim the
indemnity against the contractors. Lewis J, in construing the indemnity
clause, said at 542–543:

The result, in my view, is that the occupiers are liable, but that by no means
concludes the case. The contractors were the persons who put down a rotten
plank to be used both by their own people and by those employed by the
occupiers, and, in my judgment, they would be responsible to the plaintiff at
common law for having caused this accident. The matter does not rest there,
because in the third party proceedings (which I am asked to deal with in this
action) reliance is placed on an indemnity which is not altogether easy of
construction. … It is said that the closing sentence of that clause [the
proviso] applies in this case, and that, if the occupiers were responsible for
the accident because they were in breach of the Factories Act, 1937, then the
indemnity does not run against the contractors. On that I need only say that,
if such a state of affairs is excluded by the contract, the indemnity would
appear to be entirely useless, because one has no right of indemnity against
another person unless one is oneself liable. An indemnity pre-supposes that
one has a liability against which someone else indemnifies one. I find it very
difficult to make sense out of the indemnity clause if it means that, in
circumstances such as the present, the indemnity does not apply. I am,
therefore, of opinion that, not only are the contractors, as well as the
occupiers, liable to the plaintiff for this accident, but under the third
party proceedings for indemnity, the occupiers are entitled to recover from
the contractors.

15 It may be noted that the indemnity clause in _Hosking_ is substantially the
same as cl 22(a) in the present case, except for the proviso. In the present
case, the proviso _included_ the liability to indemnify the employer if the
contractor, its subcontractor or their respective servants or agents were
negligent. In _Hosking_ , the proviso _excluded_ the contractors’ liability to
indemnify the employer where the personal injury was due to any act or neglect
of the employer. Yet, Lewis J stated that the employer was entitled to be
indemnified by the contractors even though its breach of statutory duty had
resulted in the injury to the plaintiff. Accordingly, counsel for the Board
argued that if in _Hosking_ the employer was entitled to be indemnified by the
contractors, where the proviso had excluded the liability of the contractors
to indemnify, the present case was _a fortiori._

16 In reply, counsel for the Contractor contended that the reasoning of Lewis
J in _Hosking_ was faulty for the following reasons:

(a) if the ordinary meaning of the proviso excluded the contractors’ liability
to indemnify the employer where the employer was responsible for a breach (as
it did), then that meaning should be upheld; and

(b) the indemnity was not rendered entirely useless, as it could operate where
the employer was not responsible for the tort.

Counsel further argued that Lewis J’s statement in _Hosking_ was _obiter_ as
he ultimately decided that the contractors were liable to indemnify the
employer, not under the indemnity clause, but under the Law Reform (Married
Women and Tortfeasors) Act 1935 (c 30) (UK) (“the 1935 Act”).

17 It is not necessary for me to decide in this appeal whether the
interpretation given by Lewis J in _Hosking_ to the indemnity clause in that
case was correct or not, as eventually the judge did not rely on the indemnity
clause but decided to apportion the liability of the parties under s 6 of the
1935 Act. At 543 of his judgment, Lewis J said:

I make the order under [the 1935 Act] and I say no more in regard to the
indemnity clause. _The occupiers shall be indemnified in that sum by the
contractors, who,_ _… are to pay the costs of the action._ [emphasis added]

The provisions of the 1935 Act have been substantially re-enacted in ss 15 to
17 of the Civil Law Act (Cap 43, 1999 Rev Ed) which the Board has not relied
upon, presumably because they have no application as the Contractor was held
not negligent and therefore not liable to Liew (see s 15(5) of the Civil Law
Act and _Halsbury’s Laws of Singapore_ , vol 18 (LexisNexis Singapore, 2004
Reissue, 2004) at para 240.038, n 4).

18 In any case, the principles in this area of the law are clear. The extent
of the Contractor’s liability under cl 22(a) must depend on the express terms
of the clause, including the proviso and its effect, if any, on the preceding
general words. Moreover, as I have pointed out earlier, there is a significant
difference between the proviso in _Hosking_ and the proviso in the present
case.

Possible meanings of clause 22(a)

19 In my view, cl 22(a) has three possible meanings. The Board’s claim turns
entirely on its interpretation of cl 22(a) which the District Judge accepted:
that so long as the Contractor, the Subcontractor or any of their respective
servants or agents was negligent, the indemnity would bite, even though the
Board itself had caused the injury concurrently (as was the case). The
District Judge gave an inclusive effect to the proviso to determine the
liability of the Contractor and excluded the concurrent fault of the Board in
causing the injuries to Liew. This is the first meaning of cl 22(a).

20 On the other hand, the Contractor’s defence before the District Judge was
that the proviso had no application where the Board itself was negligent and
had caused the personal injury to Liew, even though the Subcontractor’s
servant had also caused the injury concurrently (as was the case). The
Contractor’s defence gave an exclusive effect to the proviso so as to exclude
the concurrent fault of the Subcontractor’s employee, Ang, in causing the
injuries to Liew. This is the second meaning of cl 22(a).

21 These are the two contending meanings of cl 22(a) placed before me for
decision. Neither party was interested in giving a third meaning to cl 22(a)
so as to cover a situation where any injury to any person lawfully in the Park
was caused jointly by both parties (as was the case). The third meaning of cl
22(a) would be that the Contractor will indemnify the Board to the extent of
its own fault or that of a subcontractor, or any of their respective
employees. If the parties had considered and agreed that this was the meaning
of cl 22(a), there would have been no legal dispute, given the decision of the
Magistrate to apportion the liability of the Board and the Subcontractor at
50% each. I now have to decide which of the three interpretations of cl 22(a)
is correct, applying the established principles of construction of indemnity
clauses under the law.

Construction of exemption and indemnity clauses

22 The principles of construction relating to exemption clauses are well
established – having been stated by Lord Morton of Henryton in _Canada
Steamship Lines Ld v The King_ [1952] AC 192 (“ _Canada Steamship Lines_ ”)
and accepted by all courts in the common law world. These principles are
equally applicable to indemnity clauses (see Viscount Dilhorne and Lord Fraser
of Tullybelton in _Smith v South Wales Switchgear_ _Co Ltd_ [1978] 1 WLR 165
(“ _South Wales Switchgear_ ”) at 167 and 172, respectively). In _E E
Caledonia Ltd v Orbit Valve Co Europe_ [1994] 1 WLR 221 (“ _Caledonia_ ”),
Hobhouse J gave a useful summary of these principles and their relationship to
the _contra proferentem_ rule of construction. He said (at 227):

The question remains one of the construction of the contract, applying the
established principles of construction. These include the principle that the
parties to a contract are not to be taken to have agreed that a party shall be
relieved of the consequences of its negligence without the use of clear words
showing that that was the intention of the contract. In _Walters v_. _Whessoe
Ltd._ (1960) 6 B.L.R. 23, 35, Devlin L.J. said: “The law therefore presumes
that a man will not readily be granted an indemnity against a loss caused by
his own negligence.” In _Smith v. South Wales Switchgear Co_. _Ltd_. [1978] 1
W.L.R. 165, 168, Viscount Dilhorne said:

“While an indemnity clause may be regarded as the obverse of an exempting
clause, when considering the meaning of such a clause one must, I think,
regard it as even more inherently improbable that one party should agree to
discharge the liability of the other for acts for which he is responsible.”

This principle overlaps with but is not the same as the “contra proferentem”
rule – that contractual provisions should prima facie be construed against the
party who was responsible for the preparation of the contract and/or who is to
benefit from the provision. … The relevant principle is simply one which
involves construing exemption and indemnity provisions as applying to a
party’s own negligence, only if that intent is made clear in the contract;
this principle is equally capable of application whether the clause is mutual
or unilateral.

23 This principle as applied to the construction of indemnity clauses (which I
shall refer to as “the ‘inherently improbable’ principle of construction”) was
accepted by our Court of Appeal in _Marina Centre Holdings Pte Ltd v Pars
Carpet Gallery Pte Ltd_ [1997] 3 SLR 625, a case concerning an exemption
clause. L P Thean JA said at [37]:

The underlying reason for this approach [the “inherently improbable” principle
of construction] is that the court starts with a presumption that parties to a
contract do not normally agree to accept the consequences of each other’s
negligence, ie by way of an exemption clause, _much less to shoulder
responsibility for them, ie by way of an indemnity clause_ , and will not be
taken to have intended to do anything so improbable, unless the contract does
not admit of any other reasonable construction. … [emphasis added]

The _contra proferentem_ rule of interpretation is also an established rule of
interpretation of exemption clauses under our law (see _Tay Eng Chuan v Ace
Insurance Ltd_ [2008] SGCA 26) and applies equally to the interpretation of
indemnity clauses.

This court’s approach

24 The facts in the present case are not in dispute. The Board has suffered a
loss in respect of the personal injury to Liew which was caused jointly by the
negligence of the Subcontractor’s servant, Ang, and its own negligence and/or
its breach of duty as the occupier of the Park. It is common ground that _but
for_ the Board’s _own breach of duty_ at common law as an occupier of the Park
to Liew (an invitee), or alternatively, its negligence, in breaching its duty
of care to Liew, the accident would not have happened at all. Each of them
(the Board and the Subcontractor) was liable for the whole damage on the
ground that they had concurrently caused the personal injury to Liew. These
being the facts, the question this court should consider is whether it should
adopt an “all or nothing” approach, _ie_ , either that the Board is entitled
to a full indemnity from the Contractor so long as the Subcontractor or its
servant was negligent, or that the Board cannot claim anything from the
Contractor because the Board itself was negligent and had caused the personal
injury to Liew, even though the negligence of the Subcontractor’s servant was
a concurrent cause of Liew’s injuries.

25 In this connection, I should first dispose of an argument made by counsel
for the Contractor that if Liew had sued the Board alone in the present case,
it would have been held solely liable for its own breach of duty as an
occupier of the Park. In that event, the Board would not have been able to
call on the Contractor to indemnify it under cl 22(a) as its loss would not
have been caused by “any negligence … of the Contractor, his servants or
agents or any sub-contractor, his servants or agents”. In my view, this
argument has no merit as it assumes that the indemnity does not apply in a
case of concurrent causes. If the Board had been sued alone, it could have
joined the Contractor as a third party for an indemnity under cl 22(a), just
as the employer had done so in the case of _Hosking_. We would still be faced
with the same question as to the effect of the proviso in a case of concurrent
causes.

26 I would approach the construction of cl 22(a) in the following manner. I
start on the basis, as stated by Hobhouse J in _Caledonia_ ([22] _supra_) at
232, that:

[T]he parties to commercial contracts must be taken to know what those
principles [of construction] are and to have drafted their contract taking
them into account; when the suggested result could have been easily obtained
by an appropriate use of language but the parties instead only used general
language, the result of the general principle is that the parties will not be
taken to have intended to include the consequences of a party’s negligence.

In the above passage, Hobhouse J’s reference to “the general principle” is
that of the principle of construction in relation to exemption and indemnity
clauses, _ie_ , “that in the absence of clear words the parties to a contract
are not to be taken to have intended that an exemption or indemnity clause
should apply to the consequences of a party’s negligence” (_ibid_). However,
the more general point that was made in that passage is that, when applied to
cl 22(a) in the present case, the suggested result from the point of view of
the Board could easily have been obtained by the use of appropriate language,
_eg_ , by the insertion of words such as “whether or not the personal injury
is also caused by the negligence, omission or default of the Board”.

27 In the present case, the drafter of cl 22(a) is likely to be a lawyer and
would have taken into account the established principles of construction of
contract clauses. He would have known that, in the absence of the proviso, the
court would apply the “inherently improbable” principle of construction to cl
22(a), and would construe the indemnity as not applying to a party’s own
negligence. There would be nothing in cl 22(a) to say expressly that the
Contractor had to indemnify the Board for the Board’s liability or loss due to
its own negligence. This much seems clear if cl 22(a) had not included the
proviso. Hence, the relevant question to ask is whether the Board has
successfully crafted a proviso that will render the Contractor liable to
indemnify the Board for any loss it has suffered by reason of any personal
injury caused by the negligence of the Contractor or any other person for whom
it is responsible, such as the Subcontractor in the present case.

28 In expressly stating that the Contractor must indemnify the Board if the
personal injury for which the Board is held liable is due to any negligence,
omission or default of the Contractor, any subcontractor or their respective
servants or agents, the proviso appears to be targeting the application of the
“inherently improbable” principle of construction and negating it by expressly
providing that the Board would be entitled to be indemnified for any loss so
long as it is caused by the negligence of the Contractor or the subcontractor.
But, is the proviso sufficiently clear to impose liability to indemnify on the
Contractor alone in a situation, like the present, where the loss of the Board
was due to concurrent causes?

29 The Contractor does not address this point directly. Its main contention is
that the underlying basis of cl 22(a) is vicarious liability, _ie_ , cl 22(a)
only applies if the Board is held vicariously liable for the acts or omissions
of the Contractor, the Subcontractor or their respective servants or agents.
The District Judge rejected this argument on the ground that the words of the
proviso were clear and unambiguous that the indemnity would kick in because of
the negligence of the Subcontractor’s servant. I agree with the District Judge
to the extent that effect must be given to the proviso, as otherwise it would
fulfil no function whatsoever. There would be no reason to write in the
proviso since, without the proviso, the Board would not be able to claim an
indemnity for any loss caused by its own negligence as the application of the
“inherently improbable” principle of construction would have led to this
result. The proviso was inserted to achieve a certain objective and therefore
must mean something. In substance, the Contractor is contending that the
proviso not only failed to negate or neutralise the application of the
“inherently improbable” principle of construction, but that it actually
reinforces the principle. In my view, given the express words of the proviso,
this is too fanciful an argument to have any merit.

30 In my view, neither the interpretation given by the Board nor that given by
the Contractor is correct. Clause 22(a) has failed to make it clear that the
Board would not be liable for its own negligence although the clause has made
it clear that the Contractor would be liable as an indemnitor for the
Contractor’s negligence and that of its subcontractor. It seems to me that cl
22(a) was drafted to meet a situation where either the Board or the Contractor
is wholly liable for any injury caused to any person in the Park whilst the
Contractor is carrying out the contract works, but not a situation where both
parties are jointly liable for the same personal injury suffered by a person
lawfully in the grounds of the Park. Otherwise, the Board would have clarified
what the legal position would be if it were itself negligent or in breach of
its duties as an occupier to invitees in the Park. The fact is that neither
party had expressly provided in cl 22(a) for a situation, like the present
case, of concurrent causes. How should this court deal with this kind of
unforeseen situation? In this regard, it may be useful to see how the English
courts have dealt with this issue in the context of an indemnity clause.

31 In _Caledonia_ ([22] _supra_), the parties had agreed to an indemnity
clause in Art 10(b) of their contract, which read:

Each party hereto shall indemnify, defend and hold harmless the other,
provided that the other party has acted in good faith, from and against any
claim, demand, cause of action, loss, expense or liability (including cost of
litigation) arising by reason of any injury to or death of any employee, or
damage, loss or destruction of any property, of the indemnifying party,
resulting from or in any way connected with the performance of this [service]
order.

The plaintiffs invoked the indemnity against the defendants after they had
paid compensation for the death of the defendants’ employee arising from a
fire on an oil rig belonging to the plaintiffs. The death of the defendants’
employee was caused concurrently by the plaintiffs’ breach of statutory duty
and the negligence of the plaintiffs’ employee. The plaintiffs sued the
defendants on the indemnity and relied on its literal words. Hobhouse J
applied the three-pronged test formulated by Lord Morton in _Canada Steamship
Lines_ ([22] _supra_) and dismissed the claim. Hobhouse J held that the
“inherently improbable” principle of construction applied to Art 10(b) even
though the death of the defendants’ employee was due to concurrent causes.

32 However, in relation to the legal effect of concurrent causes, Hobhouse J
in _Caledonia_ said at 231–232:

Where there are concurrent causes, each cause is a cause of the consequent
event. If the event would have occurred in the absence of a particular fault,
that fault is not a cause of the event. Accordingly, it is not correct to say
in the present case that the plaintiffs were liable in respect of the death of
Mr. Quinn [the defendants’ employee] because of the breaches of statutory
duty; they were liable because of the breaches of statutory duty _and_ the
negligence of their servant. It was the concurrent effect of both those causes
that gave rise to the death of Mr. Quinn and without either of those causes
that death would not have occurred and the plaintiffs would not have been
liable. Therefore the correct question remains whether the plaintiffs have a
right to an indemnity from the defendants in respect of a liability of which
_a_ cause was the negligence of one of their servants. It is still necessary
to ask whether, as a matter of the construction of the clause, it does cover
such a liability. [emphasis in original]

33 The plaintiffs’ appeal to the Court of Appeal was dismissed (see _E E
Caledonia Ltd v Orbit Valve Co Europe_ [1994] 1 WLR 1515 (“ _Caledonia (CA)_
”). In the Court of Appeal, Steyn LJ (with whom the other members of the court
agreed), gave different reasons, however, for reaching the same conclusion as
Hobhouse J on the effect of concurrent causes. Steyn LJ said at 1525:

I start with the question of causation. This aspect must be approached on the
basis that the facts set out in the points of claim and in the affidavit of
Mr. Christopher Sprague (the plaintiffs’ solicitor) are assumed to be correct.
That is how the matter came before the judge, and that is how it was placed
before us. On those assumed facts we are not concerned with the notions of
causa sine qua non or other abstruse theories of causation. The law is
concerned with practical affairs and takes a common sense view. On the assumed
facts there were two concurrent causes, each of which was in the eye of the
law effective to cause the event which led to Mr. Quinn’s death. The
plaintiffs’ negligence was an effective cause of Mr. Quinn’s death and the
plaintiffs’ breaches of statutory duty were also an effective cause of Mr.
Quinn’s death.

That brings me directly to the issue of construction. It seems to me right to
approach the interpretation of article 10(b) not in a technical way but in the
way in which the commercial parties to the agreement would probably have
approached it. The observations of Lord Diplock in _Photo Production Ltd_.
_v_. _Securicor Transport Ltd_. [1980] A.C. 827, 851F–G encourage me to think
that such an approach to the construction of article 10(b) is realistic. And
the supposition is that article 10(b) does not apply to negligence. Given this
premise it seems realistic to view article 10(b), operating as it does by way
of reciprocal exceptions and indemnities, as an agreed distribution or
allocation of risks. The rationale was that each party would bear the risk in
respect of his own property and employees. To the extent that they released
each other from liability, they thereby contractually assumed the risk. But
article 10(b) should be construed as containing a reservation of each party’s
right to sue the other in negligence, and a correlative agreement that the
indemnities would not avail either if so sued in negligence. Properly
construed, article 10(b) provides that each party shall bear and assume the
risk of his own negligence. If the approach I have adopted is correct, as I
believe it is, the consequence is that article 10(b) should be construed as
providing that the indemnities are not applicable if the event in question has
been caused not only by a party’s breach of statutory duty but also by his
negligence. The short point is that the plaintiffs have contractually assumed
the risk of their own negligence and cannot seek to avoid the consequences of
that assumption of risk by seeking to rely on a breach of statutory duty. If
it were necessary to do so, I would base my view on a constructional
implication in article 10(b): see _Gillespie Bros_. _& Co_. _Ltd_. _v_. _Roy
Bowles Transport Ltd_. __ [1973] Q.B. 400, 420F–G, _per_ Buckley L.J. But I
consider that the better view is that it arises as a matter of construction
pure and simple. Mr. Aikens [counsel for the plaintiffs] said that the
plaintiffs could have sued only on the breach of statutory duty. But the point
is one of substance. The defendants were entitled to raise it by way of
defence as they have in fact done. As a matter of analysis I therefore have
come to the conclusion that the judge answered the second question correctly.

34 In the present case, both the Board and Ang were negligent and the injury
caused to Liew would not have occurred but for the concurrent breach of duty
and negligence on the part of both the Board and Ang. However, in my view, the
question of whether the Board is or is not entitled to be _fully_ indemnified
under cl 22(a) of the Contract (which is the main issue in this appeal) cannot
be answered by reference to the technical issue of causation nor by trying to
ferret out the express intention of the parties since they had not, it seems
to me, addressed their minds to a case of concurrent causes. That is why each
party is arguing for either a full indemnity, or no indemnity and not a
partial indemnity on the basis of the apportioned fault.

35 But, as Steyn LJ also said in _Caledonia (CA)_ at 1520, the question before
the court is “not to divine what the parties in fact intended” but to
determine, in the present case, what the words of cl 22(a) mean. To my mind,
the structure of cl 22(a) suggests that the main object of the proviso is to
ensure that the Board would be indemnified for any loss it has suffered as a
result of any negligent act of the Contractor or the Subcontractor or their
respective servants or agents. The proviso was inserted for that purpose. The
Board did not address its mind to its own negligence as an occupier of the
Park. It did not address its mind to a situation involving the concurrent
fault of the parties. It also did not address its mind to a situation where
the Contractor is not wholly negligent, but partially negligent, whatever the
degree of negligence might be. A relevant question would be whether this court
should construe the proviso to render the Contractor liable for the Board’s
liability to an invitee in the Park if, for example, the Contractor were only
10% liable for any injury caused to that invitee.

36 In my view, since cl 22(a) appears to have a lacuna, it will be necessary
to resort to the established principles of construction of contractual terms
to resolve this issue.

37 One such principle would be the _contra proferentem_ rule “that contractual
provisions should prima facie be construed against the party who was
responsible for the preparation of the contract and/or who is to benefit from
the provision” (_per_ Hobhouse J at 227) where there is an ambiguity in the
relevant provision. Applying the _contra proferentem_ rule to cl 22(a) against
the Board on the Contractor’s argument that it is ambiguous because it does
not cover the situation of concurrent causes would result in the Board being
deprived of its indemnity under cl 22(a). However, in my view, I do not think
that the _contra proferentem_ rule should be applied to cl 22(a), not because
there is no ambiguity in cl 22(a) (as there is to the extent as mentioned) but
because it is impossible for this court to ignore the presence of the proviso
and not give effect to it, as if it were not there. In my view, approaching
the interpretation of cl 22(a) not in a technical way, but in the way in which
the commercial parties to the agreement would probably have approached it, the
correct way to interpret cl 22(a) is to give effect to the indemnity _only_
_to the extent that the Board itself is not at fault_ in causing injury to any
person lawfully present in the Park. Conversely, the Contractor is liable to
indemnify the Board for any liability or loss suffered by the Board _to the
extent of the negligence_ of the Contractor or that of the Subcontractor or
their respective servants or agents.

38 This approach, in my view, reconciles the application of the “inherently
improbable” principle of construction (that the Board will not be exempted
from the consequences of its own negligence or, alternatively, will not be
entitled to be indemnified by reason of its own negligence) and the proviso
which seeks to impose an indemnification liability on the Contractor in the
circumstances therein mentioned. Since neither party has agreed to be liable
for the negligence of the other party according to the terms of cl 22(a), each
must be liable for, and to the extent of, its own negligence. On this
interpretation, the Board is entitled to be indemnified by the Contractor to
the extent of the contributory negligence of the Subcontractor’s servant, Ang,
_ie_ , for 50% of the loss suffered by the Board.

Conclusion

39 For the reasons given above, this appeal is allowed to the extent as
stated. The Board is entitled to judgment against the Contractor for 50% of
the total amount of $114,270.52 with interest thereon calculated from the date
of payment to Liew up to the date of payment of this judgment. Since neither
party has succeeded in full in these proceedings, each party will bear its own
costs here and below.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 22 Aug 2008 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

