Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Yeo Boong Hua and Others v Turf City Pte Ltd and Others and Another Suit  
[2008] SGHC 93

Case Number | : | OS 1634/2002, SUM 4117/2007, Suit 703/2004  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 23 June 2008  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Choo Han Teck J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Timothy Tan Thye Hoe and Wendy Leong Marnyi (AsiaLegal LLC) for the plaintiffs; Kelvin Poon and Farrah Salam (Rajah & Tann LLP) for the defendants   
Parties | : |  Yeo Boong Hua; Lim Ah Poh; Teo Tian Seng — Turf City Pte Ltd; Singapore Agro Agricultural Pte Ltd; Tan Huat Chye; Ng Chye Samuel; Koh Khong Meng   
  
Civil Procedure – Amendments – Orders – Circumstances where court can
interfere with consent orders – Inherent powers of the court to interfere with
consent orders – Whether court ought to interfere with consent order upon a
proper construction of the order  
  

23 June 2008 |  Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Choo Han Teck J:

Introduction

1 By way of Summons No 4117 of 2007, the plaintiffs filed an application for
further orders and/or clarification and/or variation of a consent order this
court had granted on 22 February 2006 (“the Consent Order”). The case alleged
by the plaintiffs against the defendants in Originating Summons 1634 of 2002
(“the OS”) consolidated with Suit No 703 of 2004 (“the Suit”) which eventually
culminated into the Consent Order was essentially one of minority oppression
under s 216 of the Companies Act (Cap 50, 2006 Ed). The plaintiffs are
minority shareholders of Turf City Pte Ltd (“TCPL”) and Turf Club Auto
Emporium Pte Ltd (“TCAE”) (collectively called “the Companies”). The
defendants in these proceedings, Singapore Agro Agricultural Pte Ltd (“SAA”)
and Koh Khong Meng (“Koh”), are the majority shareholders of the Companies.

2 The relationship between the parties had its genesis in a Memorandum of
Understanding signed in 2001 (“the MOU”) whereby the parties agreed to jointly
lease, develop and operate the site of the former turf club at Bukit Timah. It
was further agreed that the Companies would be the joint venture vehicles
operating the project and that the plaintiffs would be the minority
shareholders. SAA had obtained a three-year lease from the Singapore Land
Office (“the SLO”) of the Bukit Timah site (“the 2001 Head Lease”) and it sub-
leased the land to the Companies pursuant to the joint venture agreement. The
Companies in turn gave out licenses to the ultimate operators at the site and
the license fees formed the Companies’ main revenue stream.

3 Shortly after the joint venture began, disputes arose between the parties
which resulted in the OS and the Suit being filed against the defendants. In
the course of those proceedings, the 2001 Head Lease expired. Under the 2001
Head Lease, the SLO may at its absolute discretion grant SAA a lease for a
further period of three years under terms and conditions at the SLO’s absolute
discretion. Instead of renewing the 2001 Head Lease under that option, it
appeared that SAA entered into a fresh three-year lease with the SLO (“the
2004 Head Lease”) which contained a similar option to renew.

4 At the same time, SAA renewed its sub-leases with the Companies but did not
grant the Companies any option to renew even though it enjoyed such an option
in its 2004 Head Lease with the SLO. That was different from the sub-lease the
Companies previously enjoyed, which had contained a clause where SAA was bound
to offer an option to renew to the Companies on terms and conditions at SAA’s
discretion should the Companies make a request in writing.

5 At the time the Consent Order was negotiated, the plaintiffs were unaware
that the Companies no longer enjoyed any option to renew under the sub-lease.
The plaintiffs were also unaware that SAA had actually entered into a fresh
lease (the 2004 Head Lease) with the SLO. They had assumed that SAA simply
renewed the 2001 Head Lease and that no further option to renew was granted by
the SLO.

6 Before the matter proceeded to trial, parties reached a settlement the terms
of which were encapsulated in a Consent Order recorded on 22 February 2006.
The Consent Order was a product of negotiations undertaken at arm’s length by
counsel. Under the Consent Order, valuation reports would be prepared by KPMG
as independent valuer for the share price of each of the Companies. The
valuation reports were envisaged to have been released sixty days from the
date of the consent order (ie, May 2006) and both parties would treat the
reports as final and conclusive for the purposes of engaging in a closed
bidding exercise for each other’s shares in the Companies. If the plaintiffs
were the sole or higher bidder, SAA would use its best endeavours to procure
the assignment of SAA’s “head lease with the Singapore Land Office” to the
plaintiffs. Unfortunately, the valuation reports which were due to be issued
in May 2006 were only released on 10 August 2007. On 23 August 2007, the
plaintiffs discovered that SAA had renewed its lease with the SLO from 1
September 2007 to 31 August 2010 (“the 2007 Head Lease”) but did not sub-lease
the same to the Companies. The valuation reports did not take into account the
2007 Head Lease.

7 This move by the defendants effectively denuded TCPL and TCAE and made any
bidding exercise meaningless. The plaintiffs therefore made the present
application to vary the Consent Order and sought, inter alia, the following
amendments:

(i) that a re-valuation exercise be carried out after valuation reports are
re-issued at the defendants’ expense to take into account SAA’s current lease
with the SLO;

(ii) if the plaintiffs win the bid for the Companies, the defendants shall use
their best endeavours to facilitate the transfer of SAA’s current lease with
the SLO or to sub-lease the site to the Companies, together with a transfer of
the licenses with the ultimate tenants to the Companies; and

(iii) that if the plaintiffs win the bid for the Companies, the defendants
shall make a full account of all profits the Companies made from 1 June 2006.

Alternatively, the plaintiffs sought to clarify the Consent Order in a manner
necessary to give effect to it.

Jurisdiction

8 A preliminary issue this court raised when parties first appeared for the
present application was whether this court had jurisdiction to hear the
application. The defendants’ contentions in this regard are essentially
threefold. First, they raised a procedural argument that when a main action is
spent, no further applications of a fresh and substantial nature may be made
by way of a summons save those specifically permitted or directed by the
original orders of the court. However, an incorrect mode of commencement of
proceedings is not necessarily fatal unless the defendants can show that this
court has no jurisdiction or ought not exercise its jurisdiction in this
matter. Hence, the defendants argue that even if the court has inherent
jurisdiction to vary consent orders, it is limited to making further orders of
an incidental nature. Thirdly, the defendants argue that the “liberty to
apply” clause in the Consent Order is inapplicable in the present case because
the plaintiffs are not seeking any clarification but are, in effect, seeking
to vary the order substantially.

9 The plaintiffs cited O 92 rr 4 and 5 of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R5,
2006 Rev Ed)(“Rules of Court”) as well as the authorities of Fivecourts
Limited v JR Leisure Development Co Ltd [2000] WL 141246 (QBD) (“Fivecourts”)
and Ropac Ltd v Inntrepreneur Pub Co (CPC) Ltd [2001] CP Rep 31 (“Ropac”) in
support of their argument that this court has jurisdiction to make further
substantive orders in this case. They also characterise the further orders
sought as consequential for which the “liberty to apply” clause is operable.

10 In so far as this court’s jurisdiction to make further substantive orders
is concerned, Fivecourts and Ropac are of limited assistance to the
plaintiffs. In both cases, the party who was stipulated to perform a task
within a certain time under a consent order applied for an extension of time
from the court. Gray J and Neuberger J respectively held that in exceptional
cases, a court has jurisdiction to interfere with a consent order by granting
a time extension but refused to grant the application. Neuberger J opined that
one of the circumstances where a court would grant a time extension was when
one party suffered an accident that rendered him unable to doing anything for
the relevant period. This is a fortiori in light of our O 3 r 4 of the Rules
of Court which allows the court to extend the time within which a person is
required or authorised by a judgment, order or direction, to do any act. The
present application however is not an application for an extension of time.

11 Both Fivecourts and Ropac recognise that whilst there may be exceptional
circumstances where a court may interfere with a consent order (eg, granting
an extension of time), in general, a consent order represented a contract with
which the court has no jurisdiction to interfere, save in circumstances in
which the court has to interfere with a contract. This contractual
underpinning of a consent order has been adopted locally by MPH Rubin J in CSR
South East Asia Pte Ltd v Sunrise Insulation Pte Ltd [2002] 3 SLR 281. The
plaintiffs argued that the amendments are necessary to remedy the following
breaches of the Consent Order by the defendants:

(a) the defendants entered into the 2007 Head Lease with the SLO but allowed
the sub-lease with the Companies to expire; and

(b) the defendants failed to disclose that: (i) SAA had entered into the 2007
Head Lease; and (ii) that the 2004 Head Lease contained an option to renew but
the sub-lease to the Companies did not.

Any allegation of breach of the Consent Order ought to be brought in a
separate action. Nonetheless, it will become apparent upon a proper
construction of the Consent Order that both allegations are unfounded because
no such obligations existed on the part of the defendants.

12 I am also not persuaded that there are exceptional circumstances as
contemplated by Fivecourts and Ropac which warrant the making of further
substantive orders. In this regard, the plaintiffs’ general allegations of
continued oppression by the defendants are more visceral than cerebral as
their contention that the amendments are in accord with the original intent
and purpose of the Consent Order is incorrect upon a proper construction of
the Consent Order.

13 In light of the foregoing discussion on Fivecourts and Ropac, the
plaintiffs’ next argument that this court should exercise its inherent
jurisdiction under O 92 rr 4 and 5 of the Rules of Court is similarly
dismissed. This argument may have been applicable if the Consent Order was
inaccurate in reflecting the true intentions of the parties. I have already
mentioned that the plaintiffs failed to show that the amendments are necessary
to reflect accurately the consensus reached at the time the Consent Order was
entered into.

14 Furthermore, I do not accept the plaintiffs’ characterisation that all the
amendments are merely consequential or incidental and do not alter the
substantive rights of the parties. The key amendments centre on the defendants
bearing the expenses for new valuation reports to be issued and that the
defendants will use best endeavours to transfer the current 2007 Head Lease to
the plaintiffs if the plaintiffs won the bid for the Companies’ shares. I find
that these key amendments alter the substantive rights of the parties upon a
proper construction of the Consent Order. It is hornbook law that the “liberty
to apply” clause is inoperable for substantive amendments: Koh Ewe Chee v Koh
Hua Leong & anor [2002] 3 SLR 643.

15 In this regard, it is not disputed that the “liberty to apply” clause in
the Consent Order allows the court to construe its own orders and provide
clarification: Jeffrey Pinsler, Singapore Court Practice 2006 (LexisNexis,
2006) (“Pinsler”) at para 42/1/16. I now discuss the proper construction of
the Consent Order, upon which the plaintiffs’ case hinges.

Construction of the Consent Order

16 A purposive interpretation of the Consent Order shows that at the time the
Consent Order was entered into, both parties envisaged that the valuation
reports would be ready by May 2006 and accordingly did not expressly or
impliedly provide for events occurring after May 2006, viz the expiry of the
2004 Head Lease in September 2007. Put simply, the scope of the Consent Order
does not encompass the current lease, viz the 2007 Head Lease between SAA and
the SLO.

17 We begin with an examination of the relevant provisions of the Consent
Order, which read as follows:

4 For the purpose of the Valuation Exercise, the Plaintiffs and the Defendants
_may_ refer any and all matters which they deem relevant to the Independent
Valuer for his consideration and review (including, without limitation, the
facts and allegations raised in the Originating Summons and the Suit).

5  The Independent Valuer shall have unfettered and absolute discretion in
conducting the Valuation Exercise as he deems fit and the Plaintiffs and
Defendants undertake not to interfere, impede, obstruct or do anything to
prevent or hinder the Independent Valuer’s discharge of its duties in respect
of the Valuation Exercise. Without prejudice to the generality of the
foregoing, the Independent Valuer shall in arriving at a fair valuation take
into consideration and review, inter alia, the following:-

…

(b) the future earning capacities of the Companies including but not limited
to the expected revenue and income from the remaining tenure of the sub-
tenancy agreements entered into by the Companies respectively with [SAA].

…

6 To assist the Independent Valuer in this regard, the Plaintiffs and
Defendants shall provide the Independent Valuer and/or KPMG Business Advisory
Pte Ltd with full access to all cause papers, documents referred to in the
respective List of Documents and Supplementary List of Documents (if any),
existing expert or such other reports and such other documents that the
Independent Valuer and/or Messrs KPMG Business Advisory Pte Ltd may require
for the purpose of conducting the Valuation Exercise, and the Plaintiffs,
Defendants and/or the Defendants’ agents and/or servants, and/or the
Companies’ employees, agents and/or servants shall assist the Independent
Valuer and/or Messrs KPMG Business Advisory Pte Ltd with any or all enquiries
in this regard.

…

9(g) Further, in the event that the Sole Bidder or Higher Bidder are the
Plaintiffs, the Defendants, in particular [SAA], shall use its best endeavours
to facilitate and procure the assignment/transfer/novation of [SAA’s] head
lease with the Singapore Land Office, to the Companies (subject always to the
consent, if required, of Singapore Land Office).

…

11 The Plaintiffs and the Defendants undertake not to do anything or cause
anything to be done which would in any way affect, vary and/or alter the
status quo of the Companies, both in terms of on-going liabilities/obligations
to which the Companies are subject to, and assets and/or benefits which the
Companies presently enjoy, including but not limited to doing anything to
affect the head lease between [SAA] and the Singapore Land Office and sub
leases presently entered into between [SAA] and the Companies. In particular,
the Plaintiffs and Defendants undertake that in respect of the respective sub
leases presently entered into between the Companies and [SAA], the Plaintiffs
and Defendants and/or their agents and/or employees and/or servants shall not
do anything that would alter or affect the said sub leases including doing
anything to effect, procure or cause the termination of the said agreements.
[emphasis added]

18 It is apparent from the foregoing clauses and especially clause 11 that the
language chosen focuses on the “present”, which at the time the Consent Order
was entered into, encompassed the 2004 Head Lease and its attendant sub-lease
between SAA and the Companies. The undertaking in clause 11 is a negative one
where parties undertake not to do anything that would affect the “on-going
liabilities/obligations” and “present assets” of the Companies, which in
essence referred to the sub-lease in place at that time for which the
Companies had to pay monthly rent. The focus of clause 11, signified by the
phrase “in particular”, is to ensure that that sub-lease would not be
affected. Once that sub-lease has expired through the natural passage of time,
there is nothing left for clause 11 to protect. There is no language obliging
the defendants to pro-actively renew the sub-lease upon its expiry.

19 Clause 11 of the Consent Order was drafted in this manner because parties
had envisaged that the valuation reports would be ready by May 2006. At the
time the Consent Order was negotiated, both parties knew full well that the
2004 Head Lease was expiring in September 2007. It did not strike parties at
that time to make provision for the expiry of the 2004 Head Lease since the
expiry was only due more than a year later in September 2007. This is made
apparent from clause 5(b) where in referring to the future earning capacities
of the Companies, the only example listed was that of the “remaining tenure”
of the sub-lease, and not a more general reference to any sub-lease that may
be entered into between the Companies and SAA. The object of the entire
Consent Order was simply to preserve the then-existing tenancies through
clause 11 whilst the valuer prepared the valuation reports for the valuation
exercise. Clause 9(g) would then operate such that the defendants had to use
best endeavours to transfer the 2004 Head Lease to the plaintiffs should the
plaintiffs be the winning bidders. This machinery contemplated by the parties
in the Consent Order does not go so far as to prohibit the defendants from
entering into the 2007 Head Lease nor mandate a pro-active renewal of the sub-
lease.

20 The plaintiffs’ key contention is that an integral part of the joint
venture between the parties is the lease of the Bukit Timah site and the
benefit accruing from the lease thereby belonged to the joint venture
Companies. In other words, SAA was holding the lease for the benefit of the
Companies. An allegation of a trust relationship is easy to make but difficult
to prove. Under the MOU signed between the parties, the parties had agreed to
“jointly operate” the Bukit Timah site. There is no evidence that the parties
had agreed to “jointly lease” the site.

21 The plaintiffs’ startling submission is that clauses 9(g) and 11 of the
Consent Order evidence that beneficial ownership of the site lies with the
Companies. That begs the question because it subverts a position reached
through negotiation and asserts as fact that that was what parties had
intended when they entered into the joint venture. If beneficial ownership of
the site by the Companies was indeed an “integral part” of the joint venture
as alleged by the plaintiffs, then it is strange that the plaintiffs cannot
produce any other relevant evidence to support their case.

22 In the absence of evidence establishing that a trust relationship was
contemplated by both parties when entering into the Consent Order, Standard
Chartered Bank v Neocorp International Ltd [2005] 2 SLR 345 at [34] is
apposite:

34 In Lewison, _The Interpretation of Contracts_ (Sweet & Maxwell, 3rd Ed,
2004), the learned author summarises the legal position (after a review of all
the relevant authorities, including _Prenn v Simmonds_ [1971] 1 WLR 1381,
_Reardon Smith Line Ltd v Yngvar Hansen-Tangen_ [1976] 1 WLR 989 and the
_Investors Compensation_ case) on the admissibility of the factual background
known to the parties at or before the date of the contract as an aid to
construction at pp 85–86, para 3.11:

_It may, therefore, be concluded that the admissible evidence of background is
limited to objective facts, and that save in exceptional circumstances those
facts exclude evidence of the negotiations between the parties, and direct
evidence of their actual intentions._ Further, the object or aim of a
transaction is something which the court must ascertain on the evidence. It is
not something which the court is able to determine from its own knowledge.

It is, of course, the case that facts which were not known to either party at
the date of the contract are not relevant to the construction of their
contract, for if the facts were unknown they cannot have played any part in
forming the presumed intention which is embodied in the contract. However,
where a fact is known to one party and not to the other, in theory it may well
have played a part in forming the intention of the party who knew that fact.
_However, unless a fact was known to both parties, it will not be admitted in
evidence, because what the court is seeking is not the actual intention of one
party to the contract, but the presumed mutual intention of both of them._

However, _the court must be careful to ensure that the evidence of background
is used to elucidate the contract, and not to contradict it._

[emphasis added]

23 This leaves us with the plaintiffs’ last argument. During the hearing
before this court on 22 February 2006 on whether additional clauses should be
included in the Consent Order, this court had refused to grant any
consideration to be paid by the plaintiffs if the Head Lease was assigned
under clause 11. The plaintiffs emphatically contend that that amounts to
recognition by the court that the Head Lease belongs to the Companies. The
defendants pointed out that the court had dismissed all the proposed additions
to the Consent Order and the court might very well have held the view that
clauses which could not be agreed upon should not be grafted into the Consent
Order. The plaintiffs’ position is disingenuous for ignoring the fundamentals
of proving a trust and playing on the apparent silence of the court instead.
In the absence of evidence, the plaintiffs did not discharge the burden of
proving their contention that the Companies had a beneficial interest in the
Head Lease.

24 The issue of non-disclosure raised at [11] above also falls away once we
scrutinise clauses 4 and 6 of the Consent Order closely. Both clauses do not
impose a mandatory obligation on the defendants to volunteer full disclosure.
Clause 4 states that both parties may provide any such information that they
think is relevant and Clause 6 only mandates both parties to provide
unfettered access to any document the independent valuer may require. Having
said that, any allegation as to failure by the defendants to provide proper
discovery in the OS and the Suit is a matter extraneous to this proceeding.

25 Another issue raised by the plaintiffs is that SAA breached clause 11 of
the Consent Order by sending out letters in July 2007 (before the valuation
reports were released) to the ultimate operators stating that their “lease”
would be assigned to SAA and that their security deposit would be transferred
from the Companies to SAA with effect from 1 September 2007. This allegation
is an allegation of a breach of the Consent Order which similarly should be
the cause in a separate action. In any event, even if the allegation is made
out, it does not in any way affect the valuation reports in light of the
proper construction of the Consent Order and therefore does not warrant the
amendments sought.

26 The last issue raised by the plaintiffs is that since the prize of the
bidding exercise the 2004 Head Lease contained a renewal clause, this ipso
facto entailed that the Consent Order encapsulated the 2007 Head Lease since
the 2007 Head Lease is but a mere extension of the 2004 Head Lease. This
argument grasps at straws because under the renewal clause in the 2004 Head
Lease, the SLO may in its absolute discretion grant a fresh tenancy subject to
new terms and conditions. This is not a situation where the SLO must grant the
tenant an option to renew upon the expiry of the 2004 Head Lease.

Conclusion

27 For the foregoing reasons, the plaintiffs’ application is dismissed. I will
hear the question of costs on a subsequent date.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 23 Jun 2008 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

