Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## YG v YH  
[2008] SGHC 166

Case Number | : | D 5101/2005  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 30 September 2008  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Woo Bih Li J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Engelin Teh, SC and Linda Ong (Engelin Teh Practice LLC) for the appellant; George Lim and Brian Campos (Wee, Tay & Lim) for the respondent   
Parties | : |  YG — YH   
  
Family Law – Matrimonial assets – Custody – Maintenance  
  

30 September 2008 |  Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Woo Bih Li J:

1 The Petitioner, YG (“the Husband”) and the Respondent, YH (“the Wife”) were
married on 27 June 1998. They have two children: a son born in October 2001
and a daughter born in July 2003.

2 It was not disputed that in September 2004, the Husband had an extramarital
relationship with a colleague (“XXX”). This appeared to be the final straw in
what was already a strained marriage. On 18 November 2005, the Husband filed
Divorce Petition No 5101 of 2005 against the Wife on the ground that the
marriage had broken down irretrievably in that the Wife had behaved in such a
way that the Husband could not reasonably be expected to live with her. The
Wife filed a cross-petition against the Husband on 29 December 2005, based on
the Husband’s unreasonable behaviour. The Husband eventually withdrew his
petition and a decree nisi was granted on the Wife’s cross-petition with
amended particulars on 21 April 2006.

3 The ancillaries came on for hearing before District Judge Jeffrey Sim (“the
DJ”) on 26 April, 21 August and 17 October 2007. The following were issues
under the ancillaries:

(a) Custody, care and control of the parties’ two children as well as the
extent of access to the two children by the party not awarded care and
control;

(b) Division of matrimonial assets; and

(c) Maintenance for the children.

4 On 17 October 2007, the DJ gave his order (“the DJ’s Order”) in respect of
the ancillaries (see _VF v VG_ [2007] SGDC 321 at [3] of his grounds of
decision (“the DJ’s GD”). On 30 October 2007, the Husband filed an appeal in
RAS 107/2007. On the same day, the Wife filed an appeal in RAS 108/2007
against the same order. On 31 October 2007, the Husband filed Summons No 15534
of 2007 (“SUM 15534/2007”) for a stay of execution of the DJ’s Order pending
the hearing of RAS 107/2007. The DJ granted a stay in respect of those parts
of his order pertaining to the care and control of the parties’ son as well as
the Husband’s obligation to pay the children’s maintenance to the Wife, with
the issue of costs reserved to be determined by the High Court.

5 The Wife did not proceed with her appeal in RAS 108/2007. RAS 107/2007 came
on for hearing before me on 14 January 2008, during which I heard first the
part of the Husband’s appeal against the award of care and control of the son
to the Wife as there was some urgency in the matter. On 16 January 2008, I
dismissed the Husband’s appeal in respect of the care and control of the son.
That part of the DJ’s Order was to be implemented on 26 January 2008 onwards.
The remaining issues in respect of the Husband’s appeal on custody, access,
division of matrimonial assets and maintenance were heard later in view of
time constraints.

Details pertaining to joint custody

6 Before me, the Husband sought the following orders on the basis of his right
to joint custody of the two children:

(i) Parties are to communicate in writing through designated e-mail addresses
of the parties;

(ii) In the event that there is any change in either party’s residential
address, home telephone number and mobile telephone number, each party is to
inform the other of such change within seven days;

(iii) Both parties are to agree on the choice of schools for the children;

(iv) The Wife shall furnish copies of the children’s school calendar, school
report books, progress reports, any notices or letters pertaining to school
activities within two days of receipt of documents via e-mail through the
parties’ designated e-mail addresses. In particular, the Wife shall make
copies of the children’s handbooks for the Husband on the first day of every
calendar month;

(v) The Wife shall consult with and inform the Husband in writing of all
decisions pertaining to the children’s health including treatment sought,
name(s) of attending doctor(s) and diagnosis made;

(vi) For non-emergency medical procedures to be undergone by the children
(such as extraction of wisdom teeth), the Husband’s consent must be sought at
least seven clear days in advance. For emergency medical procedures, the party
who has physical care of the child (or children) at the time of the emergency
procedure shall inform the other party within two hours of that emergency
procedure.

7 Counsel for the Husband (“Ms Teh”) submitted that as a parent having joint
custody of his children, the Husband had the right to continue being involved
in their upbringing. She argued that the principle that the welfare of a child
is best served if his parents are allowed to exercise joint parental
responsibility over him, even if they are divorced, was recognised and
endorsed in the law: see _CX v CY_ [2005] 3 SLR 690. She submitted that the
orders sought were consequential orders that flowed from the Husband’s rights
of joint custody and that the orders served to facilitate the dissemination of
information pertaining to the children between the parties, in turn
facilitating the parties’ exercise of joint parental responsibility.

8 Counsel for the Wife (“Mr Lim”) submitted that some of the orders sought
(specifically, the orders listed under (i), (ii), (iv), (v) and (vi) in [6]
above) did not pertain to custodial matters, which involved long-term
decision-making for the welfare of the child. Rather, they were on day-to-day
matters: see _CX v CY_ [2005] 3 SLR 690 at [31], [33] and [35]. He further
argued that the order under (iii) was unnecessary as the right to joint
custody of a child already includes the right to be involved in decisions on
that child’s education. He also submitted that it was inappropriate for the
court to make detailed orders on the parents’ joint custody of their children.
Parties to divorce proceedings have to learn to work with each other without
the court’s intervention. Having overly detailed orders may only lead to more
disputes and litigation in the future.

9 I am of the view that, although parties who have been awarded joint custody
of their children in divorce proceedings do have certain rights as part of
that joint custody, the parties should take a sensible approach towards the
exercise of those rights. It is not in the interest of the children for the
parents to be overly insistent on or calculative in respect of their rights.
Therefore, I conclude that the parties in the present case are to communicate
by using whatever means suitable and appropriate. E-mail communication is one
such means and is not the only means. Each party is to notify the other in
writing within seven days of the notifying party’s e-mail address and of the
details of any change in the notifying party’s residential address, as well as
home telephone number and mobile telephone number. I make no order as to (iii)
in [6] above as the right to make decisions on the choice of schools for his
children is already part of the Husband’s right to joint custody of his
children. The Wife is to furnish to the Husband copies of the children’s
school calendar, school report books, progress reports, and any notices or
letters pertaining to school activities within four (and not two) days of the
Wife’s receipt of such documents. The Wife shall make copies of the children’s
handbooks for the Husband on the first day of every calendar month. The Wife
does not have to consult the Husband on every minor health issue of the
children, _eg_ , cold, cough and fever, but is to consult the Husband on every
intended hospital admission or hospital procedure unless it is not possible to
do so, as in the case of an emergency. If any of the children is hospitalised
on an emergency basis, the party having physical care of the child at the time
of hospitalisation is to inform the other party as soon as is practicable, for
example, within two hours of the start of the emergency.

Access rights

10 The Husband sought several changes to the DJ’s Order on access. The overall
justification provided by Ms Teh for the changes was that granting generous
access to the parent not vested with care and control would generally be in
the children’s best interests, see _BG v BF_ [2007] 3 SLR 233 at [13]. In
response, Mr Lim argued that generous access had already been given to the
Husband under the DJ’s Order and there was no evidence before the court that
there was any need to change the current arrangements pertaining to access. I
was referred to a table in the written submissions for the Wife filed on 7
January 2008 (at [126]) showing that under the DJ’s Order the Husband would
have access to the children amounting to 44% of the year. Mr Lim contended
that, if the court were to give the Husband more access, this would be at the
expense of the Wife’s access times. He submitted that this would not in fact
be in the children’s best interests. Although there are overlaps in the Wife’s
table on the Husband’s access times (_eg_ , some public holidays may fall on
his access time on Friday), the general point that the Husband already has
generous access was valid. Nevertheless, I was prepared to consider his appeal
on the specific points he had raised. Although Ms Teh submitted that the
access the Husband has to his son under the DJ’s Order was drastically reduced
from the time when he had had his son in his care (during a period from May
2006 when the Wife left the matrimonial flat together with her daughter, until
January 2008), I am of the view that the correct approach is to take the award
of care and control of the son to the Wife as the starting point to assess the
access which the Husband should be awarded.

11 Moving on to the specifics of the access sought by the Husband, the Husband
was entitled under the DJ’s Order, to have weekend access to the children
every Friday from 7.00pm to 9.00pm on Saturday. The Husband sought for his
weekend access to be extended as follows: on the first and third weekends of
every month, access to commence after school (and not necessarily 7.00pm) on
Friday and end at 9.00pm on Saturday; and on the other weekends of every
month, to commence after school on Friday and end at 10.00am on Sunday. Mr Lim
argued that this would result in disproportionate access being given to the
Husband as weekend access was split more or less equally under the DJ’s Order,
whereas the additional weekend access requested by the Husband would result in
his having access to the children for the bulk of Sunday mornings on alternate
weekends. I agree with the first part of Mr Lim’s submission and the Husband’s
appeal for extension of access on alternate weekends is denied.

12 Under the DJ’s Order, the Husband was to have weekday access to the
children every Wednesday from 6.30pm to 9.00pm. The parties have consented for
weekday access to be changed from Wednesday to Thursday from 6.30pm to 9.00pm
and I so order.

13 The Husband was to have access to the children on alternate public holidays
from 7.00pm of the eve of the public holiday to 9.00pm on the public holiday
itself. The Husband sought an order that in the case of those holidays enjoyed
only by one of the children, both children shall be handed over for the
purposes of access. It was clarified that he had in mind holidays such as PSLE
marking days on which his son, being in primary school, would be released from
school, whereas his daughter, being in kindergarten, would not. Ms Teh
contended that it would be more beneficial for the daughter to spend such time
with her brother and her father rather than to attend one more day of school,
as she is after all only in kindergarten. Mr Lim maintained that it was not in
the best interests of a child to be taken out of school. I agree with Mr Lim
and the DJ’s Order on the Husband’s access during alternate public holidays
including school holidays such as Children’s Day and PSLE marking days is to
stand. Only the child who enjoys such holidays is to be handed over for the
purpose of the Husband’s access.

14 Under the DJ’s Order, the Husband was given access to the children during
the first half of the March, June, September and year-end school holidays. He
sought an order, with effect from 2009 (as we are already in the second half
of 2008), for this access to be alternated such that he would have access to
the children during the first half of the March, June, September and year-end
school holidays in odd years (_ie_ , 2009, 2011 and so on) and access to them
during the second half of the same school holidays in even years (_ie_ , 2010,
2012 and so on). He also asked for access to start from the eve of the first
day of the school holiday at 6.30pm and end on the last day of his half of the
holiday at 9.00pm. Mr Lim pointed out that there is no need for such a
specific order as to the timing of access since there have been no problems
with access arrangements in respect of these holidays so far. He maintained
that the parties should be left to work the specific details of the access out
on their own. I see no harm in alternating the periods of access during these
holidays as well as making clear orders as to the timing of access. The
Husband’s access for half of the March, June, September and year-end school
holidays is to be alternated starting from 2009 when the Husband shall have
access to the children for the first half of such holidays. However, as
already mentioned, there is no reason to give the Husband more generous access
and the access is to start from 7.00pm on the eve of the first day of the
school holiday and end at 9.00pm on the last day of his half of the holiday.

15 In respect of the Husband’s access on Fathers’ Day and the Husband’s
birthday, the DJ had ordered that the Husband was to have access to the
children from 11.00am to 8.00pm on those days if it is a non-school day, and
otherwise from 6.30pm to 9.00pm. The DJ had also specifically provided that,
in the event the Husband’s access falls on the Wife’s birthday, the Husband
would not have access on that day from 11.00am to 8.00pm. The Husband asked
for access on Fathers’ Day and his birthday to start earlier (from 7.00pm of
the eve of the Fathers’ Day and his birthday) and to end later (at 9.00pm on
the actual day) if the Fathers’ Day and his birthday falls on a non-school
day. He also sought to remove the provision for the restriction on his access
on the Wife’s birthday. Mr Lim submitted that the lack of provision for the
Wife’s access on her birthday was one-sided and unfair. I agree with him. The
DJ’s Order on the Husband’s access on Father’s Day and the Husband’s birthday
is to stand.

16 Under the DJ’s Order, the Husband was given access from 11.00am to 4.00pm
on the children’s birthdays if they fall on a non-school day, and otherwise
from 6.30pm to 8.00pm. The Husband sought for this access to commence earlier
(from 7.00pm of the eve of the children’s birthdays) but still end at 4.00pm
on the actual day if any of the children’s birthdays falls on a non-school
day, and to commence at the same time but end later (at 9.00pm on the actual
day) if any of their birthdays falls on a school day. Mr Lim maintained that
this was an illustration of how the Wife’s access time would be eaten into in
a manner that would not be in the children’s best interests, if the access as
sought by the Husband were granted. I agree with Mr Lim. The DJ’s Order on the
Husband’s access on the children’s birthdays is to stand.

17 The parties had also been given the liberty under the DJ’s Order to take
the two children out of the jurisdiction with at least seven days’ prior
written notice of the itinerary and accommodation details. Before me, the
Husband sought an order specifying that the Wife is to hand the children’s
passports to the Husband _two days after_ receipt of the notice of travel. It
appeared that the Wife had only been handing the passports over when the
children were about to leave with the Husband. The Husband was concerned that
if she did not hand over the passports then, the travel plans would be
jeopardised. The DJ’s Order already provided for the Wife to hand over the
passports “upon receipt” of the requisite notice. In any event, I will order
the Wife to hand them over within _four days after_ receipt of the requisite
notice.

18 The Husband also asked for telephone access (including mobile phone access)
to both children between 8.00pm to 8.30pm on the days that he does not have
access to them. Such telephone access had not been provided for in the DJ’s
Order. Mr Lim argued that there was no evidence that the Wife had ever denied
the Husband such telephone access. However, his further argument that such
telephone access would eat into her access time suggests that there is a
possibility that she might do so in future. Thus, I order that the Husband is
to have telephone access to both children between 8.00pm to 8.30pm every
Monday, Tuesday and Wednesday, including mobile phone access. He already has
some physical access every Thursday, Friday and Saturday.

19 The Husband asked to be allowed to make up any lost access time by
proportionately extending his access time during the school holidays. In [13]
of the further arguments for the Husband, it was envisaged that he might lose
his access time due to various unforeseen circumstances, including the
children’s school activities and his own work commitments. However, Ms Teh
clarified that his real concern was that the Wife might arrange tuition for
the children during his allotted access times, or encourage them to take up
co-curricular activities (_ie_ , extra activities which school students must
attend alongside the standard study curriculum, previously known as
extracurricular activities or “ECAs”) during those times. The Wife was willing
to accept make-up access in respect of any access time of which she had
deliberately deprived the Husband, but Mr Lim maintained on her behalf that
there was no evidence that she had ever deliberately engineered activities for
the children so as to eat into the Husband’s access time. He pointed out that
she would be in contravention of court orders if she did so. He contended that
if the children’s activities should fall within the Husband’s access times,
the “loss” should lie where it fell and there should be no provision for make-
up. I agree with Mr Lim and note that any make-up access given to the Husband
would in turn eat into the Wife’s access times. Thus, I reject the Husband’s
appeal for make-up access.

20 Finally, the Husband sought an order that, in the event that the children
are requested by either party to attend special functions, such as birthday
functions, written consent should be obtained from the other parent at least
seven days in advance and make-up access is to be agreed on and put in place
at least 24 hours before the children are handed over for the purposes of
these special functions. Mr Lim submitted that “special functions” had not
been clearly defined and in any case the parties should be left to work out
the details of the access in such situations. I am of the view that the
sensible solution is for parties to work out the details of access as and when
requests for the children’s attendance are made. Thus, no order is given on
this matter.

21 It remains to note that the Husband sought a general order clarifying that
both children are to follow the Ministry of Education’s guidelines on school
holiday access regardless of whether they are attending childcare centres, and
that the children shall be made available for access, with any activities
scheduled for them during the Husband’s access times to be re-scheduled
accordingly save for school-designated activities and co-curricular activities
requiring their compulsory attendances. It goes without saying that both
parties are expected to comply with the court’s orders as to access. Any
deliberate attempt to deprive the other party of his or her rightful access
times will not be looked upon kindly by this court. In view of this, I make no
order in respect of this matter sought by the Husband.

22 It is a pity that although both parties professed to be thinking of the
children’s interests in maintaining their respective positions on access, each
was actually using the children to get what he or she wanted, especially the
Husband who, it seemed, would not be satisfied with the DJ’s access orders.

Division of matrimonial assets

**_The DJ’s decision_**

23 In respect of the division of the matrimonial assets, the DJ dealt first
with a sum of $101,474.13 that the Wife had withdrawn from the parties’ Hong
Leong Finance Limited joint time deposit (“the Hong Leong joint time
deposit”). He found that the money was part of the matrimonial assets subject
to division. However, he was of the view that the Wife should be awarded 30%
of a motor car registered in the name of the Husband, a Toyota Picnic MPV
(registration number SDVXXXXX) (“the current car”), which had an estimated
value of $43,800 as at 28 May 2006. He also awarded the Wife 15% of net value
of a five-room HDB flat purchased by the parties in July 1999 (“the
matrimonial flat”) for her indirect contributions to the family, in addition
to her 44% share for direct contributions. Based on his calculations, the
Wife’s 59% share of the net value of the matrimonial flat worked out to about
$112,000. Under the prevailing CPF regulations, however, she would only
receive a refund of $76,000 to her CPF account. To give effect to her 59%
share of the matrimonial flat, the Husband would have to pay her $112,000 less
$76,000, _ie_ , $36,000. As the sum of $49,000 comprising this $36,000 and the
Wife’s 30% share of the car (_ie_ , $13,000) was fairly close to half the sum
of $101,474.13 that the Wife had withdrawn from the Hong Leong joint time
deposit, the DJ allowed the two sums to be offset against each other (see the
DJ’s Grounds of Decision at [41]).

24 The DJ also considered a sum of some $118,000 withdrawn in a series of
transactions by the Wife from her POSB Savings Account. He found that the
withdrawals were legitimate and not done with the aim of dissipating the
matrimonial assets (see the DJ’s Grounds of Decision at [43]). Finally, he did
not order the division of the parties’ other assets (such as CPF balances and
bank accounts) as he was of the view that having regard to all the
circumstances of the case it was just and equitable that they retain their own
assets (see the DJ’s Grounds of Decision at [44]).

**_Methodology for division of matrimonial assets_**

25 The court’s power to divide the matrimonial assets in divorce proceedings
is found in s 112(1) of the Women’s Charter (Cap 353, 1997 Rev Ed) (“the
Act”), which states:

The court shall have power, when granting or subsequent to the grant of a
judgment of divorce, judicial separation or nullity of marriage, to order the
division between the parties of any matrimonial asset or the sale of any such
asset and the division between the parties of the proceeds of the sale of any
such asset in such proportions as the court thinks just and equitable.

26 Section 112(2) of the Act enumerates a non-exhaustive list of factors to be
considered by the court in deciding whether to exercise its powers under
ss(1), and if so, in what manner. These factors are:

(a) the extent of the contributions made by each party in money, property or
work towards acquiring, improving or maintaining the matrimonial assets;

(b) any debt owing or obligation incurred or undertaken by either party for
their joint benefit or for the benefit of any child of the marriage;

(c) the needs of the children (if any) of the marriage;

(d) the extent of the contributions made by each party to the welfare of the
family, including looking after the home or caring for the family or any aged
or infirm relative or dependant of either party;

(e) any agreement between the parties with respect to the ownership and
division of the matrimonial assets made in contemplation of divorce;

(f) any period of rent-free occupation or other benefit enjoyed by one party
in the matrimonial home to the exclusion of the other party;

(g) the giving of assistance or support by one party to the other party
(whether or not of a material kind), including the giving of assistance or
support which aids the other party in the carrying on of his or her occupation
or business; and

(h) the matters referred to in section 114 (1) so far as they are relevant.

27 The Act does not specify the methodology for the division of matrimonial
assets, _eg_ , what steps to take and in what sequence, as well as at which
step each factor under s 112(2) should be considered. The Court of Appeal has
recently elucidated the methodology for the division of matrimonial assets in
_NK v NL_ [2007] 3 SLR 743. In discussing how the parties’ indirect
contributions should be reflected in the division of matrimonial assets, the
court cited two different approaches. The first is “the global assessment
methodology”, under which the court’s duty is to (see _NK v NL_ at [31]):

(a) Identify and pool all the matrimonial assets pursuant to s 112(10) of the
Act (the “identification” phase);

(b) Assess the net value of the pool of assets (the “assessment” phase);

(c) Determine a just and equitable division in the light of all the
circumstances of the case (the “division” phase); and

(d) Decide on the most convenient way to achieve these proportions of division
(the “apportionment” phase).

28 There is both academic and judicial support for this approach; see Leong
Wai Kum, _Principles of Family Law in Singapore_ (Butterworths, 1997) at p 895
and _Elements of Family Law in Singapore_ (LexisNexis, 2007) at p 559; see
also _Tham Lai Hoong v Fong Weng Sun Peter Vincent_ [2002] 4 SLR 464 (per Lee
Seiu Kin JC at [12]).

29 The second approach is “the classification methodology”, under which the
court apportions classes of matrimonial assets separately, for example, the
matrimonial home, cash in bank accounts, shares, and businesses, _etc_ (see
_NK v NL_ at [32]). Any direct financial contributions and indirect
contributions are considered in relation to each class of assets, rather than
by way of a global assessment. The court clarified (at [35]) that:

[P]ursuant to “the classification methodology”, only the direct contributions
may vary. The element of indirect contributions in the context of homemaking
and child caring must necessarily remain constant in relation to each class of
asset.

30 Under the global assessment methodology, the court looks at each party’s
overall financial contribution to the pool of matrimonial assets. Under the
classification methodology, the court assesses each party’s financial
contribution to each class of assets. Regardless of which methodology is
adopted, the parties’ direct financial contributions are only one factor in
determining the appropriate division of matrimonial assets (see _NK v NL_ at
[24] to [27], [29]). Other key factors include the parties’ indirect financial
and indirect non-financial contributions (see ss 112(2)(a) and (d) of the
Act).

31 The court did not decisively prefer one methodology over the other. It
noted that both the global assessment and classification methodologies are
consistent with the legislative framework provided by s 112 of the Act, which
as mentioned in [27] above does not specify the sequence of the decisions the
court has to make in an application for the division of matrimonial assets.
Thus, in any given case, it is up to the court to choose which is the most
appropriate methodology, bearing in mind that the paramount aim is to ensure
that the matrimonial assets are divided in a just and equitable manner. The
court did not say when either methodology should be used, except to suggest
that the classification methodology would be appropriate where there are
multiple classes of assets and where the parties have made different financial
contributions (see _NK v NF_ at [35]). On the facts of _NK v NF_ , the court
opted to apply the classification methodology. It considered the matrimonial
home and remaining matrimonial assets separately, citing “special
circumstances” such as the fact that an adverse inference arose against the
husband in respect of the quantum of his cash assets available for
distribution as he had not been totally forthcoming in the disclosure of those
assets (see _NK v NF_ at [33]).

32 In my view, the global assessment methodology is preferable in the present
case. It is in close keeping with the court’s broad brush approach as well as
reluctance to engage in minute scrutiny of the conduct and contributions of
both spouses. It allows for the fact that when parties to a marriage
contribute to the acquisition of assets, they usually do so in good faith
without regard to the question of division or each party’s share in each asset
acquired. For instance, a wife may pay less for the matrimonial home on the
understanding that she will pay more for the family car, but it would usually
be the case that both parties would not have considered whether she should
then have a smaller share in the matrimonial home or a larger share in the
family car.

33 The DJ in this case chose to divide the current car and the matrimonial
flat individually. Strangely, although he had found that the Wife’s indirect
contribution entitled her to 15% of the matrimonial flat, he did not apply
this 15% to the current car and instead only took into account her direct
contributions in awarding her 30% of the current car (see _NK v NL_ at [41]).
This is the danger that arises when the classification method is used. In any
case, there are no circumstances that would make it unjust or inequitable to
use the global assessment methodology in the case before me. I shall apply
that methodology.

**_The pool of matrimonial assets_**

34 It is not disputed that the matrimonial flat is part of the pool of assets
subject to division. The sale price of the flat (when it was sold in April
2008) was $428,000 and the outstanding housing loan as at 23 June 2008 stood
at about $138,376.94, leaving $289,623.06. The amount that will be refunded to
the Husband’s CPF account under prevailing regulations is $174,000, whereas
the amount that will be refunded to the Wife’s account is $114,000. Taking
into account the costs of sale, including agent’s commission, which amounted
to $9,741.15 (as submitted in the further arguments for the Husband at [16]),
there is in fact no balance left to be distributed to the parties outside of
the refunds to their respective CPF accounts.

35 The current car is also subject to division, having been acquired during
the marriage; see 112(10) of the Act. Its estimated net value as at 28 May
2006 was $43,800. Furthermore, no objection was made to the insurance
policies, cash accounts, shares and CPF balances of both parties being
included in the pool (the values of these assets are set out in the table at
[47] below). In respect of the Husband’s shares, he had initially disclosed
some $11,000 worth of Singapore shares and some $43,000 worth of US shares
(see his affidavit filed on 8 June 2006). However, it became clear over the
course of the hearing that the $43,000 worth of US shares were in fact
Microsoft shares acquired by the Husband as a result of his employment with
Microsoft from 2002 to March 2006 and reflected in a Smith Barney trading
account in his name (“the Smith Barney trading account”). The Smith Barney
trading account was disclosed in his fourth affidavit filed on 15 January 2007
and the Husband averred it was created to deal with his Microsoft stock
options. The value of the Smith Barney trading account stood at some $61,100
at 31 March 2006 and Mr Lim submitted that this should be taken into
consideration as part of the matrimonial assets. I agree with him. However,
the value of the shares owned by the Husband which are taken into
consideration as part of the matrimonial assets should correspondingly only be
about $11,000, _ie_ , the value of the Singapore shares.

36 The Wife has not contested the DJ’s finding that the Wife had failed to
prove that the sum of $101,474.13 withdrawn from the Hong Leong joint time
deposit belonged to her parents and thus this amount also belongs in the pool
of matrimonial assets.

37**** Mr Lim submitted that the sum of $10,259.94 in the Husband’s OCBC joint
fixed deposit account with his mother should be part of the pool of
matrimonial assets. However, the Husband had explained that the money was
intended for his mother as part of her monthly allowance since she had been
helping him and the Wife to look after the children. He provided evidence
(exhibited to his fourth affidavit filed on 15 January 2007) that the
principal sum of $10,000 was deposited into the account as early as December
2003, _ie_ , before the marriage began to break down, and thus could not have
been deposited with the intention of dissipating the matrimonial assets. I
accept his argument and do not consider the money in the OCBC joint fixed
deposit account to be part of the matrimonial assets.

38 I turn now to the sum of $50,001 in two POSB trust accounts (“the trust
accounts money”) which the Husband had opened on 28 October 2005. Mr Lim
submitted that although the Husband had described the accounts as “trust”
accounts, the trust accounts money could be easily withdrawn by him and used
for his own purposes at any time. Mr Lim contended that if the trust accounts
money is really meant for the children, the Husband should include the Wife as
a joint signatory. Ms Teh submitted that there was no evidence that the
Husband would deal improperly with the trust accounts money for his own
purposes. She suggested that I make an order that the Husband is not to deal
with the trust accounts money until the children reach the age of 21. I am of
the view that the trust accounts money is not to be taken into account as part
of the matrimonial assets. A separate order will be made to deal with this
money.

39 Mr Lim also asked for the sum of some $10,400 due to the Husband from Smith
Barney, being the value of some Microsoft stock options exercised by the
Husband in March 2006 and which has not yet been credited into his Smith
Barney trading account, to be included in the matrimonial assets. Ms Teh had
no objection to this and thus this amount will be taken into consideration as
part of the matrimonial assets.

40 It remains to deal with the sum of $118,100 withdrawn by the Wife from her
personal bank account. The Wife withdrew $118,100 from her POSB Savings
Account on three occasions in the following manner:

**Date** |  **Sum withdrawn**  
---|---  
27 October 2004 |  $ 50,100  
16 May 2005 |  $ 50,000  
5 June 2006 |  _$ 18,000_  
|  _$118,100_  
  
41 Mr Lim submitted that the sum withdrawn on 27 October 2004 had been paid to
the Wife’s parents for the following purposes and in the following sums:

(a) Allowance for the year: |  $18,000  
---|---  
(b) Repayment of earlier loans from her parents  
(of $11,445.89 and $16.010.71): |  $27,500  
(c) Grandparents’ medical bills and grandmother’s  
funeral expenses: |  _$ 4,600_  
|  _$50,100_  
  
42 He further explained that the sum withdrawn on 16 May 2005 had been paid to
her parents in the following manner:

(a) Allowance for the year: |  $18,000  
---|---  
(b) Renovations of parent’s flat: |  $27,000  
(c) Parent’s holiday tour: |  _$ 5,000_  
|  _$50,000_  
  
43 Finally, he submitted that the $18,000 withdrawn on 5 June 2006 had been
paid to the Wife’s parents as their allowance for the year (see submissions
for the Wife filed on 7 January 2008).

44 Ms Teh submitted that the Wife should be made to account to the Husband for
half of $118,100 as she had withdrawn the money from her POSB Savings Account
with a view to dissipating matrimonial assets. First, she argued that the
explanation given by the Wife as to the payment of the moneys was contrived.
If the $18,000 withdrawn on 27 October 2004 had in fact been paid to her
parents as expenses for the year, the next withdrawal should have been on or
around 27 October 2005 and not 16 May 2005. There was also no cogent evidence
that the Wife had made payments of allowance to her parents prior to October
2004. Ms Teh pointed out that the Wife was unable to provide particulars of
the alleged loans from her parents. Instead, all that the Wife exhibited in
her affidavits were credit entries in her POSB bank book showing a cheque
deposit from an unknown source for the amount of $11,445.89 banked into her
account on 28 December 1998 and another cheque deposit from an unknown source
for the amount of $16,010.71 banked into her account on 21 July 1999. Nor was
any documentary evidence of her payments for her grandparents’ medical bills,
her grandmother’s funeral expenses, renovations to her parents’ flat and her
parents’ holiday ever furnished. Ms Teh also submitted that the timing of the
Wife’s withdrawals made it clear that the withdrawals were made with the
intention of depriving the Husband of his rightful share of the matrimonial
assets. It was not disputed that the Wife had discovered the Husband’s
improper association with XXX in September 2004. The first withdrawal of
$50,100 from her POSB Savings Account was made a month later on 27 October
2004. Ms Teh submitted that there was no reason why she would have chosen that
particular moment to repay the loans allegedly from her parents, which were
allegedly received some five to six years ago (in 1998 and 1999).

45 On balance, I agree with Ms Teh’s submissions on this issue. Although the
Wife maintained that she had in fact been giving her parents an allowance
before the marriage broke down (see Wife’s submissions filed 7 January 2008 at
[185]), she was unable to produce any documentary evidence of this.
Furthermore, if the $11,445.89 and $16,010.71 paid into the Wife’s account
were indeed loans from her parents, she should have been able to obtain from
them and exhibit documentary proof that the deposits into her savings account
came from them. The Wife’s failure to produce any such documentary evidence
made the timing of her withdrawals look all the more suspicious. For these
reasons, the $118,100 withdrawn by the Wife from her POSB Savings Account is
part of the matrimonial assets subject to division.

46 Mr Lim submitted that the Husband himself was guilty of dissipating his
assets and pointed to large unexplained withdrawals from his Citibank and POSB
Savings accounts. He submitted that the Husband had failed to account for
these sums and asked me to draw an adverse inference that the Husband must
have other undisclosed accounts to which he transferred these sums. However, I
accept Ms Teh’s response that, for the Citibank account, many of the sums
alluded to by the Wife were small and had been withdrawn for the Husband’s
personal expenditure. Some of the relatively larger sums (_eg_ , the $2,562.66
withdrawn on 7 May 2005 and the $2,662.56 withdrawn on 6 May 2005 from the
Citibank account) had also been used for personal expenses, and the balance
sums transferred into his POSB Savings Account. As for the POSB Savings
Account, I accept Ms Teh’s explanation that some withdrawals (in particular
those marked as “CCC” or “GTR”, which stand for “credit card payment” and
“cheque withdrawal” respectively) had been for the Husband’s business expenses
for which he was subsequently reimbursed by his employers. Furthermore, it
should be noted that the Wife focused on the withdrawals made by the Husband
without taking into account the deposits he had made. For example, the
Husband’s POSB Savings Account statements show that, from 16 August 2004 to 14
May 2005, he had withdrawn a consolidated amount of $207,939.28 from the
account, but he had also deposited a consolidated amount of $197,300.68 into
the account. In light of the foregoing, Mr Lim’s submission that the Husband
had improperly dissipated his assets cannot stand. I also find that whatever
money the Husband may have already spent on XXX was part of his personal
expenses and cannot now be claimed by the Wife as part of the matrimonial
assets.

_Summary on pool of matrimonial assets_

47 In summary, the pool of matrimonial assets and approximate net values for
consideration is as follows:

**Asset** |  **Husband** |  **Wife**  
---|---|---  
Insurance |  $ 18,600 |  $ 5,400  
Cash |  $ 89,000 |  $ 76,700  
Shares |  $ 11,000 |  $143,900  
Smith Barney Account |  $ 61,100 |   
Cheque from Smith Barney |  $ 10,400 |   
CPF (as at May 2006) |  $114,000 |  $113,700  
CPF (to be refunded from  
sale proceeds of the  
matrimonial flat) |  $174,000 |  $114,000  
Current car |  $ 43,800 |   
Amount withdrawn from  
Wife’s personal account |  |  $118,100  
Amount withdrawn from  
Hong Leong joint time deposit |  |  $101,500  
**Individual Total** |  $521,900 |  $673,300  
**Sub-total** |  $1,195,200  
**Asset** |  **Joint names**  
Matrimonial flat |  No cash balance  
**Total** |  $1,195,200  
  
**_The appropriate division_**

48 I shall first assess the parties’ direct contributions to the acquisition
of the matrimonial assets.

49 One of the principal matrimonial assets is the matrimonial flat. The DJ
found that, based on the undisputed documentary evidence, the percentage of
direct contributions by the parties towards the acquisition of the matrimonial
flat amounted to about 56% by the Husband and about 44% by the Wife (see the
DJ’s Grounds of Decision at [40]). This was not challenged by the Husband in
the present appeal. Although there is no cash balance from the sale proceeds
of the matrimonial flat, the focus in this part of the exercise is on the
parties’ contributions at or about the time of the augmentation of the pool of
matrimonial assets. The nett sale proceeds of the matrimonial flat was as
follows:

(a) Sale price |  $428,000.00  
---|---  
Less |   
(b) Outstanding housing loan |  $138,376.94  
(c) Costs of sale |  _$ 9,741.15_  
|  _$279,881.91_  
  
Thus, the Husband’s direct financial contribution was $156,733.86 (56% x
$279,881.91), _ie_ , around $156,700; the Wife’s was $123,148.04 (44% x
$279,881.91), _ie_ , around $123,100.

50 Another matrimonial asset is the current car. The parties purchased three
cars during their marriage and this was the third. The sale proceeds of each
car were used to make part payment for the next. In addition to these sale
proceeds, cash contributions from the parties were used to meet the purchase
prices of the second and current cars. In the proceedings below, the Wife had
challenged the Husband’s calculation of the parties’ direct contributions to
the purchase of the current car. She claimed that she had paid an additional
$40,000 towards the purchase price (see submissions on maintenance and
division of assets for the Wife filed on 26 April 2007). The DJ awarded the
Wife 30% of the current car. I am of the view that this was an accurate
reflection of her financial contribution to the current car. Although the Wife
exhibited her passbook records showing that she had withdrawn $40,000 from her
savings account, there was no evidence that this was in fact used for the
purchase of the current car. Leaving aside this $40,000 and taking into
account the Husband’s direct contributions to the purchase prices of all three
cars, his direct financial contribution to the current car was about 70%, or
$30,660 (70% of the value of the current car, being $43,800). I round this sum
up to $30,700. Accordingly, the Wife’ direct financial contribution to the
current car was about $13,100.

51 I now turn to the Hong Leong joint time deposit. The Husband had claimed
that he had contributed proportionately to the Hong Leong joint time deposit
(see the Husband’s first affidavit filed on 8 June 2006 at [9]). The Wife had
in turn claimed that her parents had given her the money in the joint time
deposit over a period of time from 1996 to 2001 but was unable to produce any
documentary evidence to support this claim (see the Wife’s third affidavit
filed on 15 September 2006 at [17]). The DJ found that the Wife had failed to
prove that the money belonged to her parents (see the DJ’s Grounds of Decision
at [35]). However, this does not mean that the Husband contributed 100% of the
Hong Leong joint time deposit. The Husband had averred that by bearing almost
all the household expenses, he had contributed significantly to the Wife’s
“wealth creation” and therefore the Hong Leong joint time deposit should be
considered as family savings (see the Husband’s second affidavit filed on 28
July 2006 at [13]). This in fact suggests that his financial contribution to
the Hong Leong joint time deposit was indirect. However, in light of the
dearth of documentary evidence, I conclude that each party contributed 50% of
the money in the Hong Leong joint time deposit, _ie_ , about $50,700 (50% of
$101,474.13).

52 As for the other assets held in the Husband’s or Wife’s sole name, I assume
that those assets were acquired solely by the financial contribution of the
party whose name the asset is in. For instance, I assume that the Husband paid
for his shares and insurance policies and that the Wife paid for her shares
and insurance policies.

53 I summarise below the parties’ direct financial contributions to the pool
of matrimonial assets. The assets in this table do not match those in the
table at [47] because that table relates to the present value of the pool of
matrimonial assets whereas the table below relates to the parties’ direct
financial contribution at or about the time of acquisition of the matrimonial
assets. Thus, for example, the matrimonial flat is included and the refunds to
the parties’ CPF accounts from the sale proceeds of the matrimonial flat are
not.

**Asset** |  **Husband** |  **Wife**  
---|---|---  
Insurance |  $ 18,600 |  $ 5,400  
Cash |  $ 89,000 |  $ 76,700  
Shares |  $ 11,000 |  $143,900  
Smith Barney Account |  $ 61,100 |   
Cheque from Smith Barney |  $ 10,400 |   
CPF (as at May 2006) |  $114,000 |  $113,700  
Current car |  $ 30,700  
(70% of value  
of current car,  
being $43,800) |  $ 13,100  
(30% of value  
of current car,  
being $43,800)  
Amount withdrawn from  
Wife’s personal account |  |  $118,100  
Amount withdrawn from  
Hong Leong joint time deposit |  $ 50,700  
(50% of value  
of Hong Leong joint  
time deposit, being  
$101,474.13) |  $ 50,700  
(50% of value of  
Hong Leong joint  
time deposit, being  
$101,474.13)  
Matrimonial flat |  $156,700  
(56% of net value  
of flat, being  
$279,881.91) |  $123,100  
(44% of net value  
of flat, being  
$279,881.91)  
**Sum of direct  
financial contribution  
to pool of matrimonial assets** |  $542,200 |  $644,700  
**Total direct financial  
contribution** |  $1,186,900  
**% of total direct  
financial contribution** |  46% |  54%  
  
54 Thus, I find that the parties contributed directly to the acquisition of
the matrimonial assets in the following proportion: 46% (Husband) and 54%
(Wife).

55 As for the parties’ indirect contributions, the DJ had awarded 15% more of
the matrimonial flat to the Wife on the basis of her greater indirect
contribution (see the DJ’s Grounds of Decision at [41]). Ms Teh submitted that
the Wife’s indirect contribution should not be assessed at 15% more than the
Husband’s for the following reasons. First, the Wife was not the primary
caregiver of the children, nor was she a full-time housewife. Both parties
were (and continue to be) full-time working adults and the Wife herself had
extensive work and travel commitments. This was not a case where the Husband
was the only party who worked long hours and travelled frequently, leaving the
care of the children to the Wife. When the Wife was away travelling, the
Husband’s mother was the main caregiver of the children. When the Wife was not
travelling, the Husband spent as much time as the Wife with their children
(see the Husband’s affidavit filed on 8 June 2006). Secondly, even if the Wife
was the primary caregiver of the children, Ms Teh submitted that a 15% award
for indirect contribution was excessive. The parties’ indirect contributions
were equal as the Husband had paid for almost all of the family expenses
during the marriage and helped with the household chores. Also, the cases in
which the court has given a 15% share to the wife usually involve lengthy
marriages, whereas the parties’ marriage only lasted eight years. The Husband
submitted that in the present case the Wife should not get more for her
indirect contribution and if she was to get more, it should be 5% to 7%
instead of 15%.

56 In response, Mr Lim tendered a chart showing the Wife’s indirect
contributions to the family, including her payment of household expenses as
well as her responsibility for household chores. He further tendered a chart
comparing the Husband’s and Wife’s travel history from 17 February 2003 to
September 2006, which showed that in that period, the Husband made 77 trips
compared to the Wife’s 22 trips (_ie_ , the Husband made 3.5 times as many
trips as the Wife). However, the chart did not disclose trips made by the Wife
in 2002 which were more than, say, in 2003. He acknowledged that the Husband’s
mother did help to look after the children but submitted that the language of
the Women’s Charter made it clear that the Husband’s mother’s contributions
could not be attributed to the Husband for the purposes of assessing the
parties’ contributions to the matrimonial flat. The Wife claimed that she had
sacrificed her career development to give birth to her two children. As proof
of this, Mr Lim highlighted the table of earnings in the DJ’s Grounds of
Decision at [24] which shows that, up to 2000, the Wife had been earning more
than the Husband but from 2001 onwards, the Husband’s career development
overtook hers and he began to earn a lot more. He also highlighted parts of
the Wife’s fourth affidavit filed on 26 October 2006 in which she averred that
she had sacrificed her career advancement to give birth to her children and
had taken an extra month of leave after each birth to take care of them. Mr
Lim submitted that, even bearing in mind that the marriage was only for eight
years, the 15% award for indirect contribution was fair as it would be
difficult for the Wife to rebuild her career.

57 I shall first deal with the question of the parties’ indirect financial
contributions. I note that the Wife herself had conceded that the Husband had
paid for a large part of the household expenses, including the utilities,
telephone and broadband internet bills (see her third affidavit filed on 15
September 2006 at [12]). Although she claimed she had contributed to the
household expenses, this was limited to items such as groceries and house
maintenance, and only when the Husband was away (see her second affidavit
filed on 19 July 2006 at [19]). Using a broad-brush approach, I infer that the
Wife contributed about 25% of the household expenses and the Husband
contributed about 75%.

58 Next is the question of the parties’ indirect non-financial contributions.
On weighing the evidence, I came to the conclusion that as between the Husband
and the Wife, the latter was the primary caregiver. The evidence clearly shows
that the Husband travelled much more frequently than the Wife, including many
trips made over weekends and public holidays which he could otherwise have
spent with his children. He consistently said that his mother was the primary
caregiver of the children since 2001 (see, _eg_ , Husband’s second affidavit
filed on 28 July 2006 at [41]; Husband’s third affidavit filed on 30 October
2006 at [16] and [38]). It was apparent to me, therefore, that the Husband
could not have been as involved with the children’s welfare and household
matters as he claimed to have been. On the other hand, I do not agree that the
Wife made sacrifices in her career development to the extent she suggested.
She herself admitted that apart from the extra month of leave taken after each
birth, she maintained her job in order to continue earning sufficient income
for the family expenses (see her fourth affidavit filed on 26 October 2006 at
[54]). Her travels, although far less frequent than the Husband’s, were by no
means insignificant. For example, she travelled at least once a month for most
months in 2002, the year after her son was born. Neither did the evidence that
her Husband’s salary overtook hers from 2001 onwards prove that her career had
been compromised, since her income continued to increase fairly steadily even
after 2001 and only decreased slightly in 2006, long after the birth of her
second child in 2003. There could have been many other reasons why her salary
did not increase as much as the Husband’s. Nevertheless, I accept that as
between the parties, she would have spent more of her available time caring
for the children and the household than the Husband. For all these reasons, I
find that the Wife’s indirect non-financial contribution was more than the
Husband’s, _ie_ , her indirect non-financial contribution was 65% while his
was 35%.

59 In summary, I find that the parties’ contributions were as follows:

**Nature of contribution** |  **Husband** |  **Wife**  
---|---|---  
**Direct financial** |  46% |  54%  
**Indirect financial** |  75% |  25%  
**Indirect non-financial** |  35% |  65%  
  
60 Thus, taking the broad brush approach, I find that the appropriate division
of the pool of matrimonial assets is 55% for the Wife and 45% for the Husband.

**_Apportionment_**

61 Currently, the Husband holds assets representing about $521,900 in value of
the pool of matrimonial assets. He is entitled to $537,840 (45% x $1,195,200)
and thus there is a shortfall of about $15,900. The Wife holds assets
(including the amounts withdrawn from the Hong Leong joint time deposit and
the Wife’s POSB Savings Account) representing about $673,300 of the pool. She
is entitled to $657,360 (55% x $1,195,200) and thus there is an excess of
about $15,900. To give effect to the 55%-45% division, my orders are as
follows:

(a) The Wife is to pay over a sum of $15,900 to the Husband;

(b) The Husband is to retain ownership of the current car;

(c) He is also to retain the Smith Barney Account (value of $61,100) as well
as the cheque of $10,400 when paid by Smith Barney; and

(d) The parties are to retain the rest of their assets currently held in their
respective names.

For the avoidance of doubt, the DJ’s previous orders on the division of
matrimonial assets are set aside and my orders on division are to be effected
instead.

Maintenance

62 The DJ had ordered the Husband to pay the Wife maintenance at $1 a month on
the first day of every month with effect from 1 November 2007. There is no
appeal on this.

63 The DJ had also ordered the Husband to pay the Wife maintenance of $3,200
per month for the two children on the first day of every month with effect
from 1 November 2007. The Husband appealed for this sum to be reduced. The sum
Ms Teh proposed before me on his behalf was much less. It is useful to set out
how the DJ came to his decision on maintenance.

64 The DJ noted that the parties’ own estimates of the children’s expenses
were not significantly different. According to him, the Husband had estimated
their expenses to be about $5,100 and the Wife had estimated them to be
between $5,300 to $5,700. The DJ then considered the parties’ income based on
their latest Notices of Assessment (presumably for Year of Assessment 2006)
and concluded that the Husband’s income was about 1.5 times that of the
Wife’s. He then decided that the Husband should pay 63% of $5,100 amounting to
$3,200 per month, as the base figure of $5,100 was the Husband’s own estimate
of the children’s expenses.

65 The figure of $5,100 per month was derived from the Husband’s affidavits
and the submission for him before the DJ (see his third affidavit filed on 30
October 2006 at pp 1586 to 1589, and submissions filed for him on 19 April
2007 at [64] to [65]). It was submitted for him that the children’s personal
expenses were as follows:

(a) The daughter’s personal expenses |  : $1,684.50  
---|---  
(b) The son’s personal expenses |  : _$1,813.00_  
|  _$3,497.50_  
  
66 In addition, the Husband had claimed that household expenses were $4,789.31
per month. As the Husband’s mother was residing with him, the Husband had
taken the position that if he were to have care and control of both the
children, then one-third of the household expenses should be attributed to the
children. One-third of $4,789.31 equals $1,596.44 per month. When this sum of
$1,596.44 per month was added to the $3,497.50 per month, being the children’s
personal expenses, the total was about $5,100 per month.

67 It is important to remember that when the Husband’s figures were presented
before the DJ, it was on the basis that the Husband would be given care and
control of both children. Consequently, he was asking that the Wife pay a
portion of their expenses. In that scenario, it would be in his interest if
the children’s expenses (including household expenses) were inflated.

68 In my view, he did inflate their expenses. I need only mention briefly one
or two examples as to how their expenses were inflated.

69 For example, the Husband had included $1,500 per month for rent as
household expenses since the matrimonial property was to be sold (it has since
been sold as I stated above at [34]). Then, he attributed 20% of $1,500, _ie_
, $300 per month, to each of the two children being his/her share of the
rental expenses (see his third affidavit filed on 30 October 2006 at pp 1586
to 1589). When he then suggested that the children’s expenses should include
one-third of the household expenses (which included the rent of $1,500 per
month), there was double-counting. The same point applies to utilities.

70 Secondly, a large part of the Husband’s household expenses was for car
maintenance, car insurance, road tax, petrol, season parking at home and other
parking. However, such expenses were really primarily for himself. He would
have used a car whether he had care and control of the children or not.

71 Significantly, in the course of arguments before me, Ms Teh no longer
included any household expense as part of the children’s expenses and her
submissions focussed instead on their personal expenses. Consequently, even
for the period before 1 January 2008, the sum Ms Teh proposed before me was
much less than what had been submitted to the DJ as I shall elaborate later
below.

72 How was it then that the Wife’s own estimate of the children’s expenses
before the DJ was close to that of the Husband’s? The DJ said the Wife had
estimated such expenses to be $5,300 to $5,700 per month. The approximate
figure of $5,300 per month is derived from her affidavit of assets and means
filed on 14 June 2006 and her second affidavit filed on 19 July 2006 when she
included additional expenses. It appears that, subsequently, in the Wife’s
table of the children’s personal expenses, the sum for one item in respect of
the son, _ie_ , for childcare, was increased. This sum was increased from $330
to $650 per month because the Husband had provided the higher figure in
anticipation of future higher expense for this item (see the Wife’s
Supplemental Core Bundle at p 53). Consequently, the total for the son’s
personal expenses was also increased. This may be the reason as to why the DJ
took $5,700 per month as the higher end of the Wife’s estimate.

73 In any event, it seems to me that even based on $5,300 per month, the Wife
had also inflated the children’s expenses. It must be remembered that she in
turn was claiming that the Husband should bear part of their expenses on the
basis that she would have care and control of both children. The approximate
figure of $5,300 was comprised as follows (see Wife’s second affidavit filed
on 19 July 2006 at [15]):

(a) |  The daughter’s share of household expenses (being 1/3 of the household expenses of $4,445) |  $1,481.70  
---|---|---  
(b) |  The daughter’s personal expenses |  $1,372.00  
(c) |  The son’s share of household expenses (being 1/3 of the household expenses of $4,445) |  $1,481.70  
(d) |  The son’s personal expenses |  _$ 959.00_  
|  |  _$5,294.40_  
  
74 As can be seen, the Wife had attributed to each of the children a one-third
share of household expenses whereas the Husband had attributed one-third of
such expenses to both of them together. In addition, the Wife had included
rent as part of household expenses, when she was actually staying with her
parents, on the argument that she could not live indefinitely with her
parents. The Wife had also included expenses for a car as part of household
expenses, even though she did not own or drive a car, on the argument that she
intended to buy a car as it would be more convenient for her to fetch them
around. The rent for premises and the car expenses were the main reasons why
her estimate of household expenses rocketed from an original estimate of
$1,229.90 (in her affidavit of assets and means filed on 14 June 2006 at [12])
to $4,445 per month.

75 I am of the view that prospective expenses for premises (rent) and for a
car should not be taken into account yet. I am also of the view that it is not
right to attribute to each child one-third of the household expenses as some
would be incurred by the Wife’s parents as well.

76 In the circumstances, the DJ should not have used either party’s total
estimate of the children’s expenses.

77 Nevertheless, as a starting point, I will use the personal (not the total)
expenses of each of the children as estimated by the parties and hope that I
do not get dragged into error as a result of the parties’ own computations. I
should also mention that in the course of initial arguments before me, Ms Teh
submitted that the personal expenses for each of the children should be
reduced because of developments since 1 January 2008 in that their routine
expenses had been reduced due primarily to two main reasons. First, the son
was no longer attending kindergarten as he is now attending primary school. As
for the daughter, she is no longer attending a childcare centre but a
kindergarten. Secondly, according to the Husband, the children were walking to
school and kindergarten respectively and so the amount he had allowed for
transport should be deleted. In turn, Mr Lim submitted that there were
additional expenses incurred since 1 January 2008. I will come to these
arguments later.

78 I should say here that although the Husband’s allegations about a reduction
in children’s expenses from 1 January 2008 should, strictly speaking, be dealt
with in a separate application as they occurred after the DJ’s decision, I saw
no useful purpose in making him file a separate application or for the matter
to be dealt with afresh by a DJ. Accordingly, I allowed the Husband to file an
affidavit on the reduction and the Wife to respond. Nevertheless, I indicated
some perimeters so that the exercise would not be unduly complicated and to
discourage the Wife from incurring new expenses just to meet the Husband’s
claim of a reduction in the children’s expenses. I therefore indicated to
counsel that the expenses which each party was relying on should be routine or
regular expenses and not one-off expenses and should be incurred in the period
January 2008 to June 2008.

79 The Husband used his estimate of the children’s personal expenses before
the DJ to begin his appeal on the maintenance he should bear. He had estimated
$1,813 per month for the son and $1,684.50 per month for the daughter. Each of
these estimates included $300 per month for a child’s share of rent and $36
per month for each child’s share of utilities. Ms Teh’s submissions before me
did not attribute any other household expense to any of the children.

80 The Wife’s estimate of the children’s personal expenses before the DJ was
lower than the Husband’s. It was $959 per month for the son (including
additional personal expenses stated in the Wife’s second affidavit filed on 19
July 2006) and $1,372 per month for the daughter (including additional
personal expenses stated in the Wife’s second affidavit filed on 19 July
2006).

81 Coming to the household expenses, the Wife’s original estimate, _ie_ ,
before she added additional household expenses for rent and for a car, was
$1,229.90 per month. Bearing in mind that the household expenses were incurred
also for the parents, I think it is fair to attribute 20% (instead of one-
third) of the household expenses to each of the children, _ie_ , 20% of
$1,229.90 = $245.98, say $246 per month. I set out below a table of the
children’s personal expenses as estimated by the Wife, including their share
of household expenses, and their personal expenses as estimated by the
Husband.

  
|  **_Estimates_**  
---|---  
|  _By the Wife_ |  _By the Husband_  
Son |  $959 (personal  
expenses) |  + |  $246 (household  
expenses) |  = |  $1,205 per month |  $1,813.00 per month  
Daughter |  $1,372 (personal  
expenses) |  + |  $246 (household  
expenses) |  = |  $1,618 per month |  $1,684.50 per month  
|  $2,823 per month |  $3,497.50 per month  
  
82 As can be seen, even though the Wife’s estimates as set out above include a
share of all household expenses, they were still less than the Husband’s
estimates. This was mainly because the Husband had included $300 per month for
rent in each child’s personal expenses.

83 Although the Husband was prepared to use his estimates of the children’s
personal expenses as the basis of his arguments for the appeal, I think it is
better that I use the Wife’s estimates so that the Wife is not precluded from
applying for a variation if she should in the future rent or buy a property
(or a car). However, I hope she will not rent or buy a property (or a car)
just to claim more maintenance.

84 For the period from 1 November 2007 to 31 December 2007, how much of the
$2,823 per month should the Husband bear? The DJ thought it should be 63% but
Ms Teh submitted that even if I were to use the Husband’s income for the Year
of Assessment 2006, as the DJ apparently did, it should be 60%. I find that it
would be closer to 61%. 61% of $2,823 per month is $1,722 per month. I round
this figure up to $1,900 per month to allow for miscellaneous and one-off
items. This is the sum that the Husband is to pay the Wife for the maintenance
of the two children for the period 1 November 2007 to 31 December 2007.
However, there is one qualification. I recall that the Wife did not in fact
obtain care and control of the son until late January 2008. No submission was
made on this but I hope common sense will prevail and the parties will be able
to make the appropriate adjustment to the sum to be paid by the Husband for
the period up to the time when care and control of the son was handed over to
the Wife. Otherwise, they will have to seek further arguments on this minor
issue.

85 I come now to the period from 1 January 2008. I will deal first with Ms
Teh’s submissions on the various reductions in expenses and then with Mr Lim’s
submissions on the various increases in expenses.

86 Ms Teh submitted that the son is no longer attending kindergarten but a
primary school. The Husband’s previous estimate was $630 per month for
kindergarten although the son’s expenses then for this item were $330 per
month. The Husband had allowed a higher figure of $630 per month in
anticipation of an increase in fees (but this might have been inflated as he
was then making a claim against the Wife for contribution). The primary school
fees for the son are $11 per month. The Husband sought a reduction of $619 per
month (being the difference between $630 and $11). However, as I have used the
Wife’s estimates instead, the reduction will be $319 per month (being the
difference between $330 and $11). It will also be remembered that I did not
adopt the last increase in the estimate by the Wife (before the DJ) from $330
to $650 per month for the son, see [72] to [73] above.

87 Ms Teh submitted that the daughter is no longer attending a childcare
centre but a kindergarten. Previously, the Husband had estimated the
daughter’s fees to be $620 per month for the childcare centre. The Wife had
also allocated $620 per month for fees alone and her final estimate of $650
per month for the daughter’s education expenses included uniforms, excursion
and registration fees (see her affidavit of assets and means filed on 14 June
2006 at [14]). The daughter now incurs $140 per month for the kindergarten. I
agree that there should be a reduction of $480 (being the difference between
$620 and $140) per month for the daughter for this item.

88 The next main item in respect of which the Husband sought a reduction of
the maintenance sum was the children’s transport charges (which he estimated
at $100 each per month). He alleged that they now walk to school and
kindergarten respectively. The Wife did not dispute this allegation in her
reply affidavit. Mr Lim submitted that the children take a combination of
taxi, MRT and bus and that the Wife was prepared to affirm an affidavit to
this effect, if required. I found the second part of the submission, which was
repeated for some of the Wife’s other allegations, disconcerting. The Wife has
had her chance to respond to the Husband’s affidavit on changes in
circumstances. If she chose not to do so, her counsel should not then submit
that she is prepared to do so, if required.

89 Nevertheless, I note that the Husband’s allegation is based on the
assumption that part of the maintenance originally awarded by the DJ went to
cover the cost of $100 per month for each child’s transport to and from
kindergarten or a childcare centre. However, while the Wife had claimed $66
per month for each child’s transport expenses, these expenses were claimed for
“cab fares when I bring my son out” or for “taxi rides during weekends” (see
her affidavit of assets and means filed on 14 June 2006 at [14]). In other
words, the Wife had not been claiming transport to and from kindergarten or a
childcare centre and I have adopted her estimates (and reasons) as the base
from which to consider the Husband’s position about changed circumstances.

90 In any event, I accept that $66 per month for each child for the occasional
taxi ride is too high. In the skeletal arguments made for the Wife, it was
stated that at times, they take public transport. Therefore, I will reduce the
amount for the transport item for each child from $66 to $30 per month, _ie_ ,
a reduction of $36 for each and $72 for both each month.

91 I come now to Mr Lim’s submissions on the additional expenses incurred for
the period January 2008 to June 2008. Unfortunately, the Wife had included
expenses of a one-off nature, contrary to my indication to counsel. Such
expenses will not be taken into account as separate items.

92 For the son, his school fees are $11 a month. This has already been taken
into account by the Husband and by me.

93 The Wife further sought the expenses for items misplaced by the son during
the first six months of the year. I am not minded to allow additional
provision for these misplaced items as they are ad hoc expenses.

94 Mr Lim also submitted that the Wife allowed the son $2 to $3 a day as
pocket money. Ms Teh countered that the Husband had learned that the son was
given pocket money of $1.50 per day for only the first month after he moved to
live with his mother (around end January 2008). The son was not given any
pocket money for the subsequent four months. It was only after the Wife had
filed her affidavit on the additional expenses (on 28 July 2008) that she told
the son that he would be given $2 per day from July onwards. As I had
stipulated that the expenses incurred after June 2008 were not to be taken
into consideration in the parties’ submissions on further expenses, I accept
Ms Teh’s version and submission.

95 Mr Lim submitted that the Wife intended to let the son attend a “Creative
Baking Workshop for Children” ($38) and other enrichment programmes during
holidays. As this is in the future, I am of the view that it should be
disregarded for now.

96 Mr Lim submitted that the son attends individual piano classes. The fees
are $100 for four lessons. The Wife had also paid $60 for piano books but was
unable to obtain a receipt. Ms Teh suggested that the piano books were
probably covered by the fees as there was no reason not to be able to obtain a
receipt from the piano teacher for such books when receipts for the tuition
piano fees had been obtained. She also argued that the Husband had made
provision for music class and books. I agree that there is no receipt for the
music books and they appear to be a one-off expense. I will not allow any
claim for music books. However, the Wife had previously allowed only $80 per
month for the son’s music lessons and I am using her estimate. So I will
increase the maintenance for this item by $20 per month.

97 The Wife claimed $155 per month for art classes for the son since March
2008. Ms Teh submitted that these were isolated incidents. Receipts were
produced for March and April 2008 only (excluding July 2008 which is after the
period in question). The evidence indicated that these were classes which the
children would attend when they were free and the charge was for every four
classes they attended. They appear to be more in the nature of ad hoc expenses
and I will not take them into account. As an aside, I would mention that the
Wife’s previous estimates already included $100 per month for the son for
extra courses like speech and drama and abacus classes.

98 The Wife claimed she started the son on swimming lessons during the second
half of the June holidays and spent some additional sum on transport for an
adult to accompany him. Even if this were true, such lessons were started late
in the period between January 2008 to June 2008 and there was no evidence that
they would be regular expenses. I will disregard them.

99 For the daughter, the Wife had mentioned basic school fees of $420 per term
(presumably of three months). This works out to $140 per month but has already
been taken into account by the Husband and by me.

100 The Wife claimed $50 per term for miscellaneous fees for the daughter’s
kindergarten. Divided by three months, this works out to $16.67 per month. Ms
Teh asserted that this was probably for stationery which the Husband had
provided for. However, the Wife had not provided for stationery in her
estimate of the daughter’s expenses before the DJ. I will allow $16.67, say,
$17 per month for this item.

101 The Wife claimed $120 per term or $40 per month for a computer course for
the daughter but I accept Ms Teh’s submission that the daughter had not been
enrolled in a computer course before and she had had her first computer lesson
on 16 July 2008 only. This is outside the perimeters I set and will be
disregarded.

102 The Wife claimed $180 per term or $60 per month for Kindermusic classes
for the daughter. Ms Teh challenged this item as only one receipt was produced
for Terms 1 and 2 and apparently, the Wife had used money from a Child
Development Account (“CDA”) (see the Wife’s affidavit of assets and means
filed on 14 June 2006 at [8]) to pay for Terms 3 and 4. The money in the CDA
was contributed by the Husband (see the Husband’s second affidavit filed on 28
July 2006 at [7]). Also, the daughter is having piano lessons and should not
be having Kindermusic classes. I agree that the Husband should not be required
to contribute to both private piano lessons and Kindermusic classes. The Wife
had already claimed $80 per month for music in her previous estimates. The
Kindermusic item will not be allowed.

103 The Wife claimed registration and insurance costs for the daughter
amounting to $8.25 per month. This item appeared to be in relation to the
kindergarten. I note that she has already included $30 per month for uniforms,
excursion and registration fees in her previous estimate for the daughter. The
$8.25 item will not be allowed.

104 The Wife claimed $25 per month for various ad hoc items including
misplaced items. As stated above, I will not allow this item as a separate
claim.

105 The Wife claimed $90 per month for piano lessons and a one-off expense of
$45 on piano books and materials for the daughter although there was again no
receipt for the latter. She had already claimed $80 per month for music in her
previous estimate for the daughter. I will allow an additional $10 per month
but nothing for the one-off $45.

106 The Wife claimed $155 per month for art classes for the daughter just as
she claimed for the son. As mentioned above, they are ad hoc in nature and
will be disregarded. I will also not allow the $20 per month for alleged
transport costs for these classes.

107 The Wife claimed that the daughter had started swimming lessons (as the
son had). Such lessons, if any, were outside the period I set and will be
disregarded.

108 For the children’s expenses commencing 1 January 2008, I summarise below
the sums to be deducted or added to the base figure of $2,823 per month
(before any general top-up for miscellaneous and one-off items):

Base figure |  $2,823 per month  
---|---  
(a) |  Deduct for reduction in son’s school fees (as compared to kindergarten) |  \- $ 319  
(b) |  Deduct for reduction in daughter’s kindergarten (as compared to childcare) |  \- $ 480  
(c) |  Deduct transport expenses for each child ($36 x 2) |  \- $ 72  
(d) |  Increase for son’s piano lessons |  \+ $ 20  
(e) |  Increase for daughter’s miscellaneous fees/stationery for kindergarten |  \+ $ 17  
(f) |  Increase for daughter’s piano lessons |  _\+ $ 10_  
|  |  _$1,999 per month_  
  
109 I am aware that the figure of $1,999 per month is less than that submitted
by Ms Teh before me but that is because she was using the Husband’s previous
estimates which included, for example, the children’s share of rent. As
mentioned above, I have used the Wife’s estimates for the children but
excluded rent as well as car expenses.

110 The Husband’s 61% share of $1,999 per month is about $1,220 per month. I
will round it up to $1,400 per month to allow generally for miscellaneous and
one-off items as well. Therefore, from 1 January 2008, the Husband is to pay
the Wife $1,400 per month maintenance for the children. This is subject to the
qualification above that some adjustment should be made to take into account
the fact that the Wife had care and control of the son from late January 2008.

111 Ms Teh had suggested that I order the Wife to use the CDA account to make
some payments because the parties are financially in a tight situation. I do
not think the situation is as bad as she suggested. Besides, the $1,400 per
month is much less than what the Husband was supposed to pay under the DJ’s
order. I will not make any specific order for the CDA but I suggest that the
Wife keeps a proper record of its use.

112 In summary, the Husband is to make the following payments for maintenance
of the two children, subject to the qualification above that some adjustment
should be made to take into account the fact that the Wife had care and
control of the son from late January 2008:

**Period** |  **Amount per month**  
---|---  
1 Nov 2007 to 31 Dec 2007 |  $1,900  
From 1 Jan 2008 |  $1,400  
  
113 I hope that with the passage of time, the parties will not quibble over
every item of expense and take a more sensible broad-brush approach.

Conclusion

114 The 17 October 2007 order of the DJ is varied to the extent stated above.
The Husband is to hold $50,001 in the POSB trust accounts on trust for the
sole benefit of the son and daughter respectively until each reaches 21 years
of age whereupon the money is to be given to that child. I will hear the
parties on costs if they are unable to agree on the same.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 30 Sep 2008 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

