Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Petroval SA v Stainby Overseas Ltd and Others  
[2008] SGHC 64

Case Number | : | Suit 103/2008, SUM 1016/2008, 1341/2008  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 02 May 2008  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Tay Yong Kwang J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Vinodh Coomaraswamy SC, Marcus Yip and Georgina Lum (Shook Lin & Bok LLP) for plaintiff; Alvin Yeo SC, Jenny Tsin and Koh Swee Yen (Wong Partnership LLP) for 1st to 5th, 7th, 9th and 10th defendants; Deborah Liew (Rajah & Tann LLP) holding watching brief for Petroval Pte Ltd (non-party)   
Parties | : |  Petroval SA — Stainby Overseas Ltd; Norreys Worldwide Limited; John Frederick Peters Lush; Francois Ostinelli; Alexander Novoselov; Everon Associates Limited; Major Oil & Property Services Limited; Fiortino Investments Limited; Odey International Holdings Limited; Podium Capital Holdings Inc   
  
Civil Procedure – Jurisdiction – Mareva injunctions – Court's jurisdiction to
grant Mareva injunction – Whether Mareva injunction must be ancillary to claim
for relief that would be granted by Singapore court – Section 4(10) Civil Law
Act (Cap 43, 1999 Rev Ed)  
  
Civil Procedure – Service – Service out of jurisdiction – Whether leave to
serve out of jurisdiction should be set aside – Affidavit in support of
application to serve out of jurisdiction failing to state which ground in O 11
r 1 Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2006 Rev Ed) being relied on – Whether there
was breach of O 11 r 2 Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2006 Rev Ed)  
  
Civil Procedure – Service – Substituted service – Substituted service on
defendants who have their addresses in Switzerland – Whether leave for
substituted service should be set aside – Presence of evidence of
impracticability to effect personal service – Order 11 r 3(1), O 62 r 5 Rules
of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2006 Rev Ed)  
  
Courts and Jurisdiction – Jurisdiction – Interlocutory – Mareva injunctions –
Court's jurisdiction to grant Mareva injunction – Whether Mareva injunction
must be ancillary to claim for relief that would be granted by Singapore court
– Section 4(10) Civil Law Act (Cap 43, 1999 Rev Ed)  
  

2 May 2008 |   
---|---  
  
Tay Yong Kwang J:

1 On Friday, 15 February 2008, the plaintiff, which has its address in France,
commenced this action (“the Singapore action”) against the ten defendants. The
addresses of the defendants were stated in the writ of summons to be in the
British Virgin Islands (“BVI”) in respect of the 1st, 2nd, 6th to 10th
defendants and in Switzerland where the 3rd to 5th defendants were concerned.
The “endorsement of claim” in the writ of summons reads as follows:

I The Plaintiff, Petroval SA, claims:

1 As against the First Defendant, a declaration that it holds the shares in
Petroval Singapore and any dividends received or due from Petroval Singapore
on trust for the Plaintiff;

2 As against the Second Defendant, an account of all and any profits it has
made as a result of the bunker oil transactions concluded between itself, the
Plaintiff and the Second Defendant;

3 As against the Third and Fourth Defendants, damages for fraudulent
misrepresentation;

4 As against all the Defendants:

a To the extent not provided for by paragraphs 1 and 2 above, declarations
that each Defendant holds on trust for the Plaintiff the Singapore Specific
Assets enumerated against that Defendant’s name in Column B of Schedule 1 to
this endorsement of claim;

b An account of all monies knowingly received at the Plaintiff’s expense;

c Tracing relief;

d Interest (to the extent not already included in paragraphs 4(a) and 4(c)
above);

e Such further or other relief as the Court in its discretion thinks fit;

f Costs.

II The claim against the Defendants is based on the fact that during and after
the time that the Third and Fourth Defendants were engaged as managers of the
Plaintiff, they personally, and through corporate entities controlled and/or
owned by them (namely the First, Second, Fifth, Sixth and Seventh Defendants),
engaged in activities which caused loss and damage to the Plaintiff.
Specifically, such conduct included:

1 transferring their shares in Petroval Pte Ltd to the Third and Fourth
Defendants in breach of trust;

2 diverting business opportunities properly belonging to the Plaintiff to
Petroval Pte Ltd;

3 making fraudulent representations to the Plaintiff regarding the Plaintiff’s
bunkering business and thereafter taking over those bunkering activities for
their own benefit; and

4 causing the Plaintiff to repurchase fuel oil from the Second Defendant at
greatly inflated prices.

III The full facts and matters relied upon by the Plaintiff will be contained
in a Statement of Claim which will be filed in the event that it is necessary.

2 Schedule 1 in the writ of summons sets out the “Singapore Specific Assets”
in respect of each defendant. These assets include private apartments and
accounts in banks in Singapore.

3 The plaintiff then took out summons no. 691 of 2008 and requested an urgent
hearing date before the duty judge on Monday, 18 February 2008. That summons
asked for injunctive relief against disposal of assets against all the
defendants, receivership orders against the corporate defendants and, upon the
grant of such relief and without prejudice to the parties to apply for
variation or extension of such, a stay of the Singapore action until the final
disposal of the action commenced in the High Court in the BVI by the plaintiff
against the first four defendants and other defendants joined subsequently
(“the BVI action”), including any appeals therefrom or until further order of
this court.

4 The plaintiff’s summons came before me for hearing on 18 February 2008 on an
_ex parte_ basis. Counsel for the plaintiff submitted that the Singapore
action was commenced on the basis that the defendants have assets here. I was
told that the BVI High Court has granted leave to commence the Singapore
action using information obtained in the BVI action. Every defendant in the
Singapore action is a defendant in the BVI action but not every defendant in
the BVI action is a defendant here. Essentially, the plaintiff here was
seeking to enforce the injunctive relief (freezing and receivership orders)
granted on 7 December 2007 by the BVI court (“the BVI order”). Counsel for the
plaintiff explained why the Singapore action was necessary in the following
manner:

(Tenders Second Affidavit of Julia Carlyon affirmed today and to be filed).
Page 15 onwards – _interpartes_ order after hearing substantive arguments from
both sides.

Defendants have been playing games in not recognizing BVI court order in
respect of things to be done in Singapore. They have given disclosure but not
delivered up the documents. We faced the risk of Singapore banks not
recognizing the BVI Court order or defendants continuing to resist complying
with their obligations.

We are concerned with their movement of funds between banks. BVI granted full
suite of orders. Defendants complied with some but not the crucial ones. Two
orders were made by BVI court. Second order with the knowledge that First –
Fourth defendants applied to discharge the 7 December 2007 order. Singapore
entities have not recognized the BVI order. We are therefore compelled to come
to Singapore. First, second, sixth to tenth defendants – we suspect they are
mere shells to help dissipate assets. Ask for exhibits to Carlyon’s first
affidavit to be served by CD-ROM. Defendants have the documents in BVI
proceedings anyway.

Defendants have indicated they are defending the BVI action and have taken
setting aside action applications in BVI.

5 Julia Carlyon, a solicitor in the firm of Byrne & Partners, London,
solicitors for the plaintiff, affirmed two affidavits in support of the above
application. She stated that the BVI action sought substantially the same
final relief against the defendants as was being sought in the Singapore
action. She added, however, that “the plaintiff does not seek to obtain
substantive relief in Singapore”. She was also authorised by the plaintiff to
give the plaintiff’s undertaking that it would be bound by the outcome of the
BVI action insofar as the Singapore action was concerned. She explained that
the application was being made without notice to the defendants because the
plaintiff feared that the defendants, if they had not done so already, would
try and move the Singapore assets out of Singapore if given notice of the
application. She claimed that since the commencement of the BVI action, the
defendants had sought to avoid complying with the BVI order by simply not
doing so, by avoiding service, by providing only limited information, by
raising the privilege against self-incrimination and then retracting it and,
most recently, again claiming the same privilege. As a result of this, the BVI
court made compliance orders on 31 January 2008 directing the first four
defendants to give full and proper disclosure in accordance with the terms of
the orders already granted in the BVI action. Julia Carlyon also alleged that
there was evidence that the defendants had dissipated their assets after the
BVI order was made and with knowledge of the order. She stated further that
for the reasons given and the very strong evidence that the defendants had
committed a major fraud against the plaintiff, the plaintiff had little faith
that the defendants would not take steps to dissipate the assets.

6 Julia Carlyon also explained why the plaintiff was asking the court to order
service of the documents in the Singapore action on the 3rd to 5th defendants
to be effected by way of substituted service. She stated that she believed it
was impracticable for the plaintiff to serve these three defendants
personally. The plaintiff had real difficulty serving the 3rd and 4th
defendants and, until recently, the 5th defendant had avoided being notified
of the BVI order. Following service on the 3rd and 4th defendants, they said
that service had not been effected but now appeared to accept service for some
purposes but not others. These three defendants are resident in Switzerland
and have to be served under the Hague Convention. She explained that under
Swiss law, it is an offence personally to serve anyone within Switzerland
other than by the Hague Convention. However, such service would often take
several months to effect. For instance, the plaintiff was (in February 2008)
still in the process of serving the BVI order granted on 7 December 2007. The
three defendants have instructed lawyers in the BVI action, with the 3rd and
4th defendants being represented by solicitors from London, Singapore and the
BVI and the 5th defendant being represented by solicitors from the BVI. The
plaintiff proposed to serve the writ of summons and other documents in the
Singapore action on these three defendants by transmitting them by facsimile
or overnight courier to each of the law firms involved. The BVI law firms were
also actively involved in the BVI action and must be in regular communication
with the respective defendants and also be familiar with the factual
background and documents used in the Singapore action. There could not,
therefore, be any serious detriment caused if substituted service as proposed
was ordered.

7 I granted the plaintiff an injunction restraining the disposal of assets by
the defendants and an order appointing receivers over all the assets of the
1st, 2nd, 6th to 10th defendants. I also granted orders for service out of
jurisdiction on the defendants and for substituted service on the 3rd to 5th
defendants as prayed for in Julia Carlyon’s affidavit. I further ordered a
stay of the Singapore action until the final disposal of the BVI action. These
orders will be referred to collectively as “the Singapore order”. The
Singapore order was granted on the basis that it mirrored the BVI order and
would stand only so long as the BVI order was in force.

8 On 20 February 2008, the 1st, 3rd and 4th defendants applied (by summons no.
760 of 2008) for the receivership orders to be suspended or held in abeyance
pending the final disposal of their proposed application to set aside the
Singapore order. I heard the parties on 21 February 2008 and granted the
orders sought by the said defendants but the stay was ordered to continue
until further order so as to await the outcome of the application by the
defendants to set aside the BVI order, which, I was informed, would be heard
by the BVI court on or about 17 March 2008. This, as I explained to the
parties, was because the Singapore order was granted on the premise that it
mirrored the BVI order and that there should not therefore be repetition here
of the arguments on the merits of the BVI order.

9 The present summonses taken out by the defendants (other than the 6th and
8th defendants) sought the following orders:

1 A declaration that the court has no jurisdiction over the defendants in
respect of the subject matter of the claim or the relief or remedy sought in
the action;

2 That paragraph 11 of the order of court dated 18 February 2008 (relating to
the injunction) granting leave to the plaintiff to serve the writ of summons
out of jurisdiction on the defendants, be set aside;

3 That paragraph 11 of the order of court dated 18 February 2008 (relating to
the injunction) granting substituted service of the writ of summons on the
defendants, be set aside;

4 That the writ of summons, the service of the writ of summons and all
subsequent proceedings thereto be set aside;

5 That the plaintiff be ordered to pay the defendants’ costs of this
application and the action; and

6 Such further or other relief or order as the court deems fit.

I was informed that the application on the merits of the BVI order was heard
from 17 to 19 March 2008 before the BVI court and that a decision has not been
given yet. The plaintiff submitted that the defendants’ summonses ought to be
adjourned till after the outcome of the hearing before the BVI court was known
since the Singapore order “flows from” the BVI order. The defendants argued
that their applications concerned the question of jurisdiction of the
Singapore court to make the Singapore order and was therefore independent of
the merits of the BVI order. I agreed to hear the above summonses as they
pertained to the issue of jurisdiction and did not depend on the merits of the
BVI order.

10 The plaintiff has commenced the Singapore action for the sole purpose of
obtaining interim relief, mirroring that given in the BVI action, against the
defendants who are known to have assets in Singapore. This is evident from its
application to ask for a stay of the Singapore action concurrently with the
grant of the interim relief. It wants the merits of its claims against the
defendants adjudicated in the BVI, not here. The plaintiff has acknowledged
(in Julia Carlyon’s affidavit) that it was doing no more than securing in a
form readily enforceable in Singapore the orders that have already been
granted in its favour in the BVI action and that it was not seeking
substantive relief here.

11 In a recent decision in _Swift-Fortune Ltd v Magnifica Marine SA_ [2007] 1
SLR 629 (“ _Swift-Fortune_ ”), where a Mareva injunction granted in aid of
pending arbitration proceedings in London was set aside by Judith Prakash J in
the High Court, the Court of Appeal had this to say (at [4], [62], [64], [66],
[67], [92] to [94] and [96]):

4 With respect to s 4(10) of the [Civil Law Act], Prakash J proceeded on the
basis that in _Karaha Bodas Co LLC v Pertamina Energy Trading Ltd_ [2006] 1
SLR 112 (“ _Karaha Bodas_ ”) this court had applied the principle in _Siskina
v Distos Compania Naviera SA_ [1979] AC 210 (“ _The Siskina_ ”) which, in the
context of Singapore, is to the effect that a Singapore court has no power to
grant Mareva relief in respect of the Singapore assets of a foreign defendant
if the only purpose of such relief is to support foreign _court_ proceedings.
However, in this appeal, counsel for Swift-Fortune has sought to distinguish
_Karaha Bodas_ following the decision of Belinda Ang Saw Ean J (“Ang J”) in
_Front Carriers Ltd v Atlantic & Orient Shipping Corp_ [2006] 3 SLR 854 (“
_Front Carriers_ ”) which was given before the hearing of this appeal. The
distinction is that _Karaha Bodas_ was not concerned with giving assistance to
foreign arbitrations as distinguished from foreign court proceedings.

…

62 It follows that the court’s power under s 12(7) has to be found in another
statutory source. In the context of this case, that source can only be s 4(10)
of the [Civil Law Act], read with s 18(1) of the [Supreme Court of Judicature
Act]. This means that for the purposes of s 12(7) of the [International
Arbitration Act], we must look to s 4(10) as the source of statutory power for
the court to grant interlocutory relief, including Mareva injunctions, in aid
of foreign proceedings. If the court has such power with respect to foreign
court proceedings, then it has similar power with respect to arbitral
proceedings governed by the IAA. We should add that this conclusion is also
consistent with the general understanding in 1994, _i.e._ , the decision of
the House of Lords in _Channel Tunnel_ ([47] _supra_) that _The Siskina_
doctrine contemplated that the substantive claim must not only be justiciable
in an English court but should also terminate in an English judgment: see
_Karaha Bodas_ ([4] _supra_) at [38].

…

64 In respect of court proceedings, the source of the court’s power to grant
interlocutory injunctions is s 4(10) of the [Civil Law Act] ([2] _supra_). …

…

66 In _Karaha Bodas_ ([4] _supra_), this court applied the principle in _The
Siskina_ that a court had no power to grant Mareva interlocutory relief unless
the defendant was “amenable to the jurisdiction of the court” in respect of a
substantive cause of action. …

67 In _Karaha Bodas_ , the court did not have to consider the question whether
a Singapore court had the power to issue a Mareva injunction in aid of a
foreign arbitration. However, the court adverted to the issue with this
observation (at [45]):

There has been considerable debate on the extent to which this principle [that
the court had no jurisdiction to preserve assets within England in order to
support the plaintiff in a claim he was making in a foreign arbitration] _is
still in force_. [emphasis added]

The implication of this statement is that this court understood that there was
such a principle under English law.

…

92 We may summarise our view of the state of the law on Mareva injunctions in
aid of foreign proceedings in the context of s 4(10) of the [Civil Law Act].
First, given the facts of the present case, our decision in this appeal will
not take the law beyond _The Siskina_ doctrine as applied in _Karaha Bodas_ ,
and confirmed in _Mercedes Benz_. Secondly, the decision in _Front Carriers_ ,
following _Channel Tunnel_ , has amplified or extended the scope of s 4(10) to
apply to foreign arbitrations where the plaintiff has a recognisable cause of
action under Singapore law and the court has personal jurisdiction over the
defendant (in Singapore by reason of the defendant having assets within the
jurisdiction: see O 11 r 1(1)(a) of the Rules of Court).

93 As this appeal is not against the decision of Ang J in _Front Carriers_
(against which a separate appeal has been filed) it would not be prudent for
this court to say anything that may be interpreted as either approving or
disapproving it as a s 4(10) decision. However, we think we are entitled to
observe that given the differences in the legal framework in Singapore and in
England relating to the power of the court to grant interim measures to assist
foreign court and arbitral proceedings, there are arguments for and against
construing s 4(10) of the [Civil Law Act] to restrict or broaden the types of
cases in which the court could or could not grant Mareva interlocutory relief
to assist foreign court proceedings or foreign arbitral proceedings. In
_Karaha Bodas_ , it was not necessary for this court to decide whether the
court has the power under s 4(10) of the [Civil Law Act] to grant an
injunction in aid of foreign court proceedings where the plaintiff has a pre-
existing cause of action against the defendant who has property in Singapore.
In that case, the plaintiff did not even have a pre-existing cause of action.
Likewise in the present case, _Front Carriers_ is the first time a Singapore
court has decided that given the two preconditions, _viz_ , personal
jurisdiction over the defendant and a pre-existing cause of action subject to
Singapore law, a court has the power to grant a Mareva injunction under s
4(10) of the [Civil Law Act] in aid of foreign arbitral proceedings. …

94 We have pointed out earlier that s 4(10) of the [Civil Law Act] has
remained unchanged since it was enacted in 1878, and that therefore the
legislative intent of s 4(10) has also not changed. The meaning of s 4(10)
does not change because social or political conditions have changed. … It is
therefore open to argument in a future case whether in the context of the
political and commercial conditions existing in Singapore in1878, the
legislature of the Straits Settlements had intended s 4(10) to give power to
the court to grant interlocutory injunctions in aid of foreign court
proceedings, or even less likely in aid of foreign arbitral proceedings.

…

96 In summary, our findings are as follows:

(a) Section 12(7) of the [International Arbitration Act] does not apply to
foreign arbitrations but applies to Singapore international arbitrations.

(b) Section 12(7) does not provide an independent source of statutory power
for the court to grant the orders and reliefs set out in s 12(1) of the
[International Arbitration Act]; it draws its power from s 4(10) of the [Civil
Law Act] and 18(1) of the [Supreme Court of Judicature Act].

(c) Section 4(10) of the [Civil Law Act] does not confer any power on the
court to grant a Mareva injunction against the assets of a defendant in
Singapore unless the plaintiff has an accrued cause of action against the
defendant that is justiciable in a Singapore court.

(d) Where the plaintiff has such a cause of action against the defendant who
is subject to the personal jurisdiction of the Singapore court (as, e.g.,
where he has assets in Singapore), _Front Carriers_ ([4] _supra_) has decided
that the court has power under s 4(10) of the [Civil Law Act] to grant a
Mareva injunction in aid of the foreign arbitration to which the substantive
claim has been referred in accordance with the agreement of the parties, and
by implication, where the substantive claim is tried in a foreign court.

(e) The existence of the court’s personal jurisdiction over the defendant in
itself does not give power to the court to grant a Mareva injunction in aid of
a foreign arbitration.

12 The Court of Appeal dismissed the appeal accordingly. At the time of the
hearing of the appeal in _Swift-Fortune_ , the appeal in _Front Carriers_ was
pending hearing before the Court of Appeal. The Court of Appeal was therefore
careful in its choice of language so as not to prejudice the appeal in the
later decision. That task was made all the more delicate by the fact that the
later decision was cited and arguments were made thereon by the parties. It is
clear from the above passages that the Court of Appeal’s comments on _Front
Carriers_ were confined to stating as a matter of fact what that case decided
without approving or disapproving it unless the Court of Appeal stated so
expressly, for instance, at [61] of the Court of Appeal’s judgment, concerning
the interpretation of s 12(7) of the International Arbitration Act, which need
not concern us here. Unfortunately, the appeal in _Front Carriers_ was
subsequently withdrawn and we therefore do not have the benefit of the Court
of Appeal’s views on the decision of the High Court there.

13 In my view, the Court of Appeal was re-affirming and applying the
principles in _The Siskina_ , one of which is that “ _The Siskina_ doctrine
contemplated that the substantive claim must not only be justiciable in an
English court but should also terminate in an English judgment” (at [62] of
the Court of Appeal’s judgment). The Court of Appeal, in dismissing the appeal
against Prakash J’s decision to set aside the injunction, obviously felt that
there was no power under s 4(10) of the Civil Law Act (Cap 43, 1999 Rev Ed) to
grant the injunction in aid of foreign court proceedings and hence no power to
do the same in aid of foreign arbitral proceedings. This flows logically from
the judgment at [62] quoted above that “[i]f the court has such power with
respect to foreign court proceedings, then it has similar power with respect
to arbitral proceedings governed by the IAA”.

14 The defendants in the Singapore action are all foreigners who, as the
plaintiff claims, have assets here. That is the sole ground upon which the
plaintiff bases its jurisdiction for the Singapore action. The claims made
against the defendants are justiciable here in the sense that the causes of
action are recognised under Singapore law. However, it is patently clear that
the merits thereof will not be determined here and that there will therefore
be no Singapore judgment. Singapore is neither the forum of choice nor the
forum most appropriate to adjudicate on the dispute. In reality, save for the
interlocutory relief, the Singapore action has already come to an end because
the plaintiff does not want the Singapore court to do anything else besides
maintaining the said relief. Any interlocutory relief granted here takes its
life from the same or similar relief granted by the BVI court. If the
plaintiff had applied for interlocutory relief here before it did in the BVI
action, it would also have failed according to the principles enunciated by
the Court of Appeal above. In my view, therefore, it makes no difference that
the plaintiff has already obtained the same or similar relief in the BVI
action or that it is asserting a proprietary interest over the assets which
are in the names of the defendants.

15 The plaintiff invited me to take the path paved by _Channel Tunnel Group
Ltd v Balfour Beatty Construction Ltd_ [1993] AC 334 where the House of Lords
held that it was not a necessary condition for the grant of an interlocutory
injunction that it should be ancillary to a claim for relief to be granted by
an English court. The plaintiff submitted that it is sufficient to have a
cause of action which is _potentially_ justiciable in Singapore even if the
adjudication will take place elsewhere. The plaintiff highlighted, amongst
others, the words of Lord Browne-Wilkinson in the following passage (at 341D):

Given the international character of much contemporary litigation and the need
to promote mutual assistance between the courts of the various jurisdictions
which such litigation straddles, it would be a serious matter if the English
courts were unable to grant interlocutory relief in cases where the
substantive trial and the ultimate decision of the case might ultimately take
place in a court outside England.

16 My reading of the Court of Appeal’s judgment in _Swift-Fortune_ leads me to
conclude that the Court of Appeal was sailing with _The Siskina_ and decided
not to travel the _Channel Tunnel_ route. Besides the passages quoted earlier,
the Court of Appeal also opined (at [80]):

It seems clear to us that the House of Lords in _Channel Tunnel_ was strongly
influenced not only by their own worldview of the role of the English courts
in international dispute resolution, but also by the judicial philosophy that
curial assistance should be given to foreign court or arbitral proceedings to
ensure that justice was done. …

Following the Court of Appeal, I similarly and respectfully decline “to take
the law beyond _The Siskina_ doctrine” (see [92] of the Court of Appeal’s
judgment).

17 The plaintiff emphasized that it had commenced an action here and submitted
that was a distinguishing point from _Swift-Fortune_ where, the plaintiff
contended, no action was commenced. It could not be correct to say that no
action was commenced in _Swift-Fortune_ because the matter was obviously
before the High Court. In any event, I do not think that commencing the
Singapore action and then voluntarily applying for a stay renders the
plaintiff’s cause of action justiciable within the doctrine of _The Siskina_
because it is contemplated here that the Singapore court will not have any
further role in the Singapore action anyway.

18 On the jurisdiction point therefore I decided that the Singapore court has
no jurisdiction to grant the interlocutory relief sought by the plaintiff. The
interlocutory relief was therefore set aside. As that was the only relief that
the plaintiff wanted in the Singapore action, the writ of summons, the service
thereof and all subsequent proceedings thereto were consequently also set
aside.

19 There is no necessity to argue beyond this. However, the defendants went on
to deal with a couple of minor ancillary matters in their arguments. These
related to the issues of service out of jurisdiction under O 11 r 1 of the
Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5) and substituted service of the writ of summons
on those defendants who are in Switzerland.

20 Where the O 11 point was concerned, the contention was that the plaintiff
did not state in its supporting affidavits which particular ground in O 11 r 1
was being relied on. This would be contrary to O 11 r 2 which provides that an
application for the grant of leave under r 1 must be supported by an affidavit
stating the grounds on which the application is made. Compliance with O 11,
the defendants contended, must be in spirit and in letter.

21 The plaintiff accepted that there was nothing in the supporting affidavits
about the ground in O 11 r 1 that was relied on. However, it pointed out,
correctly so, that it did disclose clearly to the court at the first hearing
that the relevant ground was that the defendants have property in Singapore
(_i.e._ O 11 r 1(a)) and it still relied on that particular ground. I note in
passing here that the plaintiff in its written submissions stated that “it is
clear from the facts of this case that this court has jurisdiction under each
of the following heads” and then listed out paragraphs (a), (b), (f)(i),
(f)(ii), (i) and (o) of O 11 r 1. I take this statement as having been
superseded by the oral submission.

22 Form 7 of the Rules of Court provides that an affidavit in support of an
application under O 11 should state:

2\. This application is made pursuant to Order 11, Rule 1 (specify the
paragraphs).

3\. The facts in support of paragraph 2 are ______.

While it would make good practice to state the precise paragraphs of O 11 r 1
in an affidavit supporting an application under O 11, it is understandable if
this is overlooked in urgent applications asking for more important matters to
be granted by the court. The party applying must nevertheless state to the
court the paragraph(s) relied on and ensure that the facts supporting its
statement are set out in the affidavit(s). This the plaintiff has done in this
case. I would not therefore set aside the grant of leave on this ground.

23 On the issue of whether this case is a “proper one for service out of
Singapore under this Order” (see O 11 r 2(2)), it follows from my discussion
on the jurisdiction point above that this case clearly does not satisfy this
ground as it has been unequivocally acknowledged by the plaintiff that BVI,
not Singapore, is the most appropriate forum to try this case. I should add
that not all the defendants agree with the plaintiff on this point. The 1st to
5th and the 7th defendants take the position that Switzerland is the most
appropriate forum. The setting aside on this ground has already been subsumed
in my order relating to the jurisdiction point (at [18] above).

24 The defendants also argued that substituted service should not have been
ordered in respect of the 3rd to 5th defendants. Citing _Singapore Civil
Procedure_ (2007 Ed) at page 91, paragraph 11/2/4, they submitted that the
test for ordering substituted service was “practical impossibility of actual
service” and not that actual service was “not practical”. In any event, the
defendants argued, by virtue of O 11 r 3(2), the mode of substituted service
out of the jurisdiction must not contravene the law of the country where it is
to be effected. Service on the 3rd to 5th defendants at their respective
addresses or on their solicitors would contravene Swiss law as it was accepted
by Julia Carlyon in her affidavit that it would be an offence to personally
serve an individual in Switzerland without going through the mode provided in
the Hague Convention.

25 The plaintiff contended that the test for substituted service was
“impracticability” and not “impossibility” and that Swiss law did not say
anything about service outside Switzerland. It was clear that the defendants
in question were now aware of the Singapore action.

26 Order 11 r 3(1) makes O 62 r 5 applicable to the service of an originating
process out of the jurisdiction. Under O 62 r 5(1), substituted service may be
ordered where “it appears to the Court that it is _impracticable for any
reason_ to serve that document personally on that person” (emphasis is mine).
Order 62 r 5(3) provides that such substituted service “is effected by taking
such steps as the Court may direct to bring the document to the notice of the
person to be served”. The defendants have not adduced any material to rebut
the plaintiff’s contention that Swiss law does not make service outside that
country on Swiss residents, without complying with the Hague Convention,
illegal. For the reasons stated by Julia Carlyon (see [6] above), it would be
impracticable to effect personal service of the writ of summons on the 3rd to
5th defendants bearing in mind the nature of the interlocutory relief. The
mode of substituted service prayed for and ordered was obviously effective in
notifying those defendants of the Singapore action and the Singapore order. I
therefore saw no ground to set aside the order for substituted service.

27 Upon the setting aside of the Singapore action, at the request of the
defendants, I also ordered that there be an inquiry as to damages in the event
the defendants have suffered any. I ordered 90% of the costs of the two
summonses before me to be awarded to the defendants (the deduction being in
respect of the minor ancillary issues on which the defendants did not
succeed). Costs of the rest of the Singapore action would be paid on a 100%
basis by the plaintiff to the defendants.

28 The plaintiff has appealed (in CA 48 of 2008) against my decision setting
aside the Singapore order and the Singapore action and the orders made as to
costs. The defendants involved in these applications have lodged a cross-
appeal (in CA 50 of 2008) against my decision on the O 11 and substituted
service points and the consequential order on costs of the applications. On 23
April 2008, upon the application of the plaintiff, the Court of Appeal gave
directions for an expedited appeal against my decision, scheduled for hearing
in the week commencing on Monday 12 May 2008.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 02 May 2008 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

