Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Eng Foong Ho and Others v Attorney-General  
[2008] SGHC 69

Case Number | : | OS 79/2008  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 09 May 2008  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Tan Lee Meng J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Ang Cheng Hock and Vikram Nair (Allen & Gledhill LLP) for the plaintiffs; Eric Chin and Janice Wong (Attorney-General's Chambers) for the defendant   
Parties | : |  Eng Foong Ho; Hue Guan Koon; Ang Beng Woon — Attorney-General   
  
Constitutional Law – Equal protection of the law – Whether acquisition of
temple and not nearby mission or church violating equal protection accorded
under Constitution of the Republic of Singapore (1985 Rev Ed, 1999 Reprint) –
Article 12 Constitution of the Republic of Singapore (1985 Rev Ed, 1999
Reprint)  
  
Constitutional Law – Fundamental liberties – Freedom of religion – Whether
acquisition of temple for public purposes limiting person's right under
Constitution of the Republic of Singapore (1985 Rev Ed, 1999 Reprint) to
profess, practise and propagate his religion  
  
Land – Compulsory acquisitions – Section 5 Land Acquisition Act (Cap 152, 1985
Rev Ed)  
  

9 May 2008 |   
---|---  
  
Tan Lee Meng J:

1 The plaintiffs, Ms Eng Foong Ho, Mr Hue Guan Koon and Ms Ang Beng Woon, are
devotees of the Jin Long Si Temple, which is located at No 61 Lorong A-Leng,
Singapore 536751 (“the temple property”). They sought a declaration that the
acquisition of the temple property by the Collector of Land Revenue (“the
Collector”) violated Article 12 of the Constitution of the Republic of
Singapore (“the Constitution”), which provides that all persons are equal
before the law and entitled to the equal protection of the law. I dismissed
their application and now give the reasons for my decision.

Background

2 The temple property is subject to a trust for religious purposes created in
1941. The trustees, Mr Soon Joo Ee, Mr Tan Tion Beng and Mr Tan Poh Heong, who
are the legal owners of the temple property, are not parties to this action.

3 The temple property is located near the new Bartley MRT station, which is
along the Circle Line. Adjacent to the temple property is the Ramakrishna
Mission (“the mission”), and next to the mission stands the Bartley Christian
Church (“the church”).

4 In a letter dated 20 January 2003, the Collector informed the trustees of
the temple property as follows:

Today, Government announced the implementation of Stage 3 of the Circle Line
(CCL) that will extend the CCL from Upper Paya Lebar Road/Bartley Road to
Marymount Road. Details of the land acquired were gazetted today.

2 Your property is affected by the acquisition. Notice in accordance with the
Land Acquisition Act is attached.

5 The Gazette notification in relation to the acquisition of the temple
property and another nearby property, a residential development (Strata Title
Plan No 1278), was published on 20 January 2003. The Gazette notification
stated that the two properties were acquired for the “construction of Circle
Line stage 3 & comprehensive redevelopment.”

6 The temple’s trustees, who noted that the land occupied by the mission and
the church had not been acquired by the Collector, appealed against the
acquisition of their property. In a letter dated 23 January 2003 to Mr R
Ravindran, the Member of Parliament for Braddell Heights GC, Mr Tan Poh Heong,
one of the trustees, stated as follows:

[W]e cannot understand the following:

(A) Why our temple land is the only piece of land being singled out for
acquisition among the under-mentioned religious organisation[s] around our
neighbourhood vicinity

1 Upper Paya Lebar Chinese Methodist Church

2 Bethany Independent Presbyterian Church

3 Bartley Christian Church

4 Ramakrishna Mission Temple.

(B) Why a Chinese Temple with a history of more than 60 years is picked to be
acquired from a group of religious bodies that are much ‘younger’ in age.

(C) Along Lorong How Sun, there are rows of Bungalows, semi-detached & terrace
houses are left untouched; whereas only our temple land is subject to
acquisition; hence it becomes very questionable.

7 Numerous appeals against the acquisition of the temple property were made to
the Prime Minister, Ministers and Members of Parliament. On 26 April 2004, Mr
R Ravindran appealed to the Prime Minister to look into the matter. On 21 July
2004, the Singapore Land Authority (“SLA”) replied as follows:

1 We refer to the appeal by Mr R Ravindran … on your behalf to the Prime
Minister, dated 26 April 2004.

2 [T]he Government does not distinguish between the religious groups or types
of development in deciding which parcels of land to acquire. The acquisition
of the temple was made after careful study and consideration.

3 Unlike the other cases cited by you in your appeal, Jin Long Si Temple is
zoned Residential use in the Master Plan. The acquisition of the site will
allow better optimization of land use as it can be amalgamated with the
adjoining State land for comprehensive redevelopment. This is part of our
continuous effort to optimise land use in land-scarce Singapore. We therefore
regret that we are unable to accede to your request not to acquire the land.

8 Although the temple property was gazetted for acquisition on 20 January
2003, the temple trustees were given up to 31 January 2008 to hand over the
said property to the Collector. As the date for the handover of the property
to the authorities neared, the temple trustees appealed again to the Prime
Minister on 23 May 2007 to intervene in the matter. On 20 June 2007, the
Permanent Secretary for Law and the Permanent Secretary for National
Development jointly replied to the temple trustees as follows:

We have studied your appeal and noted that the grounds for retention of Jing
Long Si Temple put forth in this appeal have already been addressed
previously. We regret to inform that we are not able to accede to the request
to retain the temple by rescinding the acquisition.

To reiterate, the Government does not distinguish among the religious groups
or types of development in deciding which parcels of land to acquire. The
acquisition of the temple, made after careful study and evaluation, was to
allow better optimization of land use by amalgamating with the adjoining State
land for comprehensive redevelopment.

9 On 16 January 2008, the plaintiffs filed the present originating summons for
a declaration that the acquisition of the temple property violated Article 12
of the Constitution.

Whether the plaintiffs have _locus standi_

10 The first hurdle standing in the way of the plaintiffs relates to _locus
standi_. What standing do the plaintiffs, who are merely temple devotees, have
in the acquisition of the temple property when its legal owners, the trustees,
are not parties to the action and have not come to court for any relief
against the acquisition order?

11 The plaintiffs, who claim to have a strong emotional attachment to the
temple, assert that they have a “legitimate interest” in the matter. However,
in _Karaha Bodas Co LLC v Pertamina Energy Trading Ltd_ [2006] 1 SLR 112, the
Court of Appeal stated at [15] as follows:

As far as an action for a declaration is concerned, the requirement that the
plaintiff must have the _locus standi_ required to bring the action is the
equivalent of requiring a plaintiff in an action for substantive relief to
have a cause of action. _This is because in order to have the necessary
standing, the plaintiff must be asserting the recognition of a “right” that is
personal to him_.

[emphasis added]

12 The Court of Appeal approved of the following passage from Lord Diplock’s
judgment in _Gouriet v Union of Post Office Workers_ [1978] AC 435, at 501:

The only kinds of rights with which courts of justice are concerned are legal
rights; and a court of civil jurisdiction is concerned with legal rights only
when the aid of the court is invoked by one party claiming a right against
another party, to protect or enforce the right or to provide a remedy against
that other party for infringement of it, or is invoked by either party to
settle a dispute between them as to the existence or nature of the right
claimed. So for the court to have jurisdiction to declare any legal right, it
must be one which is claimed by one of the parties as enforceable against an
adverse party to the litigation, either as a subsisting right or as one which
may come into existence in the future conditionally on the happening of an
event.

13 The plaintiffs contended that they had a right to commence the present
action on the ground that where an individual’s constitutional rights are
affected, he or she has a sufficient interest to ensure that his or her rights
are protected. They relied on _Chan Hiang Leng Colin & Ors v Minister for
Information and the Arts_ [1996] 1 SLR 609, where the Court of Appeal
reiterated that the sufficiency of the applicant’s interest is judged in
relation to the subject matter of the application and added as follows at 614:

In the present case, what is complained of is an alleged violation of a
citizen’s constitutional right under art 15 of the Constitution to profess,
practise and propagate his religion. Such rights are constitutionally
enshrined. If a constitutional guarantee is to mean anything, it must mean
that any citizen can complain to the courts if there is a violation of it. The
fact that the violation would also affect every other citizen should not
detract from a citizen’s interest in seeing that his constitutional rights are
not violated.

14 While the courts must vigorously uphold a citizen’s right to religious
freedom, the short answer to the plaintiffs’ line of argument is that by
acquiring a temple, church or mosque for public purposes, the government is
not limiting any person’s right under the Constitution to profess, practise
and propagate his religion.

15 In truth, this is a land acquisition matter that has nothing to do with
religious freedom and it is for the legal owners of the temple property,
namely the trustees, who are directly affected by the acquisition order, to
institute legal proceedings against the authorities if they are of the view
that their rights have been infringed. It is pertinent to note at this
juncture that there was a dispute as to who are the beneficiaries of the trust
of the temple land. The plaintiffs pointed out that Transfer 1/66674P shows
that the trustees hold the temple property on trust for “San Jiao Sheng Tang
Buddhist Association” (the “Association”), and that they are members of this
Association. However, State Counsel Eric Chin, who appeared on behalf of the
Attorney-General, asserted that the said Transfer only tells part of the story
and as the temple property is, in accordance with the indenture creating the
trust on 17 October 1941, a charitable trust for religious purposes, there are
no beneficial owners. In his view, there might well be a case for the
rectification of the Land Register to reflect the real position.

16 The question of beneficial ownership of the temple property is not an issue
before this court. What is relevant for present purposes is that the
plaintiffs’ own rights have not been infringed and they have suffered no
special damage. The trustees of the temple property had already agreed to hand
over the acquired land to the Collector and to accept the compensation for the
acquisition of their property. Furthermore, the trustees had accepted an
alternative site for the temple at Tai Seng Avenue as well as a temporary site
for worshippers until the completion of the new temple at Tai Seng Avenue.
State Counsel Eric Chin rightly submitted that as everything has been put into
place for a peaceful handover of the temple property, it made no sense for the
court to grant the declaration sought when the key parties, namely the
trustees, are not parties to the present proceedings.

17 I thus find that the plaintiffs have no _locus standi_ to institute the
present proceedings.

Whether there was a breach of Article 12 of the Constitution

18 Although I have ruled that the plaintiffs have no _locus standi_ to
institute the present proceedings, I will, for the sake of completeness,
consider whether there has been a breach of Article 12 of the Constitution,
which provides as follows:

All persons are equal before the law and entitled to the equal protection of
the law.

19  In _Ong Ah Chuan_ _v Public Prosecutor_ [1981] AC 648, Lord Diplock
explained the effect of Article 12 in the following terms at 673:

Equality before the law and equal protection of the law require that _like
should be compared with like_. What article 12(1) of the Constitution assures
to the individual is the right to equal treatment with other individuals in
_similar circumstances._

[emphasis added]

20 The plaintiffs, who made it amply clear that they are not alleging bad
faith on the part of the authorities, asserted that the temple, the mission
and the church are all members of the same class in that they are places of
worship located near the Bartley MRT station and in a predominantly
residential area. They contended that if the temple property was accorded
different treatment as compared to the mission and the church, the
differentiation must be founded on rational reasons. In their view, there were
no rational reasons for the differentiation.

21 The acquisition of the temple property was carried out pursuant to the Land
Acquisition Act (Cap 152, 1985 Rev Ed) (the “Act”). The reason given in the
_Gazette_ notification for the acquisition of both the temple property and a
nearby residential development was that the two properties were required for
the “construction of Circle Line stage 3 & comprehensive redevelopment”.
However, it is worth noting that SLA’s Mr Nelson Liew Jeng Torng pointed out
in his affidavit dated 25 January 2008 at [2] that it was obvious from the
attached plans that the temple land was acquired for comprehensive
redevelopment while the other property mentioned in the same Gazette
notification was acquired for the construction of stage 3 of the Circle Line.
It ought to be noted that s 5(3) of the Act provides as follows:

The notification shall be conclusive evidence that the land is needed for the
purpose specified therein as provided in subsection (1).

22 In his affidavit dated 25 January 2008, Mr Eng Gim Hwee (“Mr Eng”), a
planner in the Urban Redevelopment Authority (“URA”), explained at [7] to [9]
why the other near-by properties owned by the other religious bodies were not
acquired in the following terms:

7 As for the Church site, the site context did not even give any reasonable
opportunity for amalgamation. There was no adjoining State land with the
Church or with the lands immediately surrounding the Church. As such, there
was simply no reason to disturb the existing low density housing area by
acquiring the Church site either by itself or as part of a larger
comprehensive redevelopment plan with the lands surrounding it.

8 As for the Mission site, the 3 main buildings within the site, that is the
Temple, Boys’ Home and Cultural Centre was already under study for
conservation before 2002. As such, it was not appropriate to undertake
acquisition of the Mission site on its own or as part of a larger
comprehensive redevelopment plan with the lands surrounding it. The 3 main
buildings were eventually gazetted for conservation in 2006.

9 No special considerations relating to the different religious groups were
taken into account in the preparation and confirmation of comprehensive
redevelopment plans. The Government acts impartially when land use planning
objectively shows that a religious site is required for purposes of
comprehensive redevelopment.

23 On 19 December 2007, the temple property’s representatives met the Deputy
Prime Minister, Professor S Jayakumar, and the Minister for National
Development Mr Mah Bow Tan. Mr Mah cited a number of other acquisition cases
with similar circumstances. A few days later, on 24 December 2007, the SLA
forwarded to the temple property’s representatives a write-up on these cases.
To begin with, the SLA pointed out that St Matthews Church, near Outram Park
MRT station, was acquired for comprehensive redevelopment of the street block
into high-density residential use while the Layan Sithi Vinayagar Hindu Temple
at Keong Saik Road was not acquired as it was already a building under
conservation. In response to the plaintiffs’ complaint that other religious
sites nearer to the Bartley MRT station had not been acquired, the SLA pointed
out that while the Central Sikh Gurdwara Temple, which is near the Boon Keng
MRT station was not acquired as it could not be amalgamated with adjacent
State land for comprehensive redevelopment, a number of shop houses and storey
terrace houses that were further away from the Boon Keng MRT station, were
acquired as they could be merged with the adjoining State land for higher
density residential development.

24 Evidently, the plaintiffs had made an unsubstantiated allegation that
Article 12 of the Constitution has been breached merely because the temple
property, and not the mission or the church, had been acquired. They attempted
to shore up their futile case by introducing an affidavit by a chartered land
surveyor, Mr Goh Tiam Lock (“Mr Goh”), who stated that even if the temple
property had not been acquired, the same number of residential units can be
built on the State land if the authorities increased the plot ratio for the
existing State land to 2.928. He also pointed out that if the Bodhi tree on
the temple property is to be preserved, residential units cannot be
constructed on the temple property.

25 Mr Goh had merely suggested an alternative way of redeveloping the area in
question. It is noteworthy that he did not allege that the authorities’ plan
for redevelopment of the area was wrong or indefensible. Apart from the fact
that the courts are in no position to decide on which is a better plan for the
redevelopment of any area in Singapore, the Notification of Acquisition in the
Gazette is, in view of s 5(3) of the Act, conclusive evidence that the temple
property is required for the purpose specified therein. In _Galstaun and Anor
v AG_ [1980-81] SLR 345, FA Chua J pointed out at 346-347 that the “Government
is the proper authority for deciding what a public purpose is” and when “the
Government declares that a certain purpose is a public purpose it must be
presumed that the Government is in possession of facts which induce the
Government to declare that the purpose is a public purpose”. More recently, in
_Teng Fuh Holdings Pte Ltd v Collector of Land Revenue_ [2006] 3 SLR 507 _,_
Andrew Phang J stated that s 5 of the Act is consistent with the underlying
rationale and purpose of the Act itself and, in particular, with the idea that
the relevant government authority is in the best position to determine whether
or not the land concerned is required for one or more of the purposes set out
in s 5(1) of the Act.

26 Reference must next be made to the plaintiffs’ complaint that inconsistent
reasons had been given to justify the acquisition of the temple property. The
plaintiffs first referred to a letter dated 3 April 2003 from the Ministry of
Law, which explained that unlike the temple property, the nearby religious
institutions are on land zoned either as a place of worship or as a civic and
community institution in the URA’s Master Plan of 1998. The plaintiffs also
noted that the URA’s planner, Mr Eng, had explained in his affidavit that the
temple land was acquired because it was zoned for residential purposes and an
amalgamation with State land was necessary to attain the gross plot ratio of
2.8 for high density residential development. They pointed out that like the
mission, the temple property could also be viewed as housing a civic and
community institution because the temple is involved in civic and cultural
activities. For instance, it provides free vegetarian meals to visitors and
rooms for poor families. The plaintiffs also complained that it should, like
the church, have been designated as a place of worship. However, complaints
about the zoning of land in the URA’s Master Plan of 1998 should have been
made when the Master Plan was unveiled and should not be dragged into the
present proceedings.

27 In any case, there was ample evidence that properties had been acquired by
the Collector for public purposes regardless of how they were zoned and that
sites belonging to religious institutions and zoned as places of worship have,
where necessary, been acquired by the Collector. The SLA pointed out that St
Matthew’s Church at Neil Road and the Chee Hwan Kong Temple at Flower Road had
been acquired for comprehensive redevelopment in conjunction with the
construction of the North East MRT line even though they were zoned as places
of worship.

28 Finally, the plaintiffs’ delay in commencing this action should be noted as
a delay in instituting proceedings for a discretionary remedy is a factor
which may be taken into account when deciding whether or not to grant the
declaration sought. In _Haji Hussin bin Haji Ali & Ors v Datuk Haji Mohamed
bin Yaacob_ [1983] 2 MLJ 227, Wan Suleiman FJ, who delivered the judgment of
the Malaysian Federal Court, said as follows at 232:

Now the granting of a declaratory judgment is a matter purely at the
discretion of the court. We do not think that the circumstances surrounding
the present appeals would justify our exercising this discretion in favour of
the appellants where there has been, in our view, unreasonable vacillation and
delay.

29 The notice to acquire the temple property was gazetted more than five years
ago on 20 January 2003. The plaintiffs claimed that they are not guilty of
delay because it was only in November 2007 that they found out that a reversal
of the decision to acquire the temple land was no longer on the cards.
However, the fact that the decision to acquire the temple property would not
be reversed was made plain long ago and the plaintiffs had no real excuse for
the inordinate delay in commencing their action.

30 Even if the question of delay in commencing the present proceedings is not
taken into account, the plaintiffs’ application cannot succeed. Hence, it is
dismissed with costs.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 09 May 2008 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

