Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## MEA Environment (Asia Pacific) Pte Ltd v 800 Super Waste Management Pte Ltd  
[2008] SGHC 157

Case Number | : | Suit 468/2007  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 22 September 2008  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Lee Seiu Kin J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Leo Cheng Suan and Teh Ee-Von (Infinitus Law Corporation) for the plaintiff; Foo Maw Shen and Koh Kia Jeng (Rodyk & Davidson LLP) for the defendant   
Parties | : |  MEA Environment (Asia Pacific) Pte Ltd — 800 Super Waste Management Pte Ltd   
  
Contract – liquidated damages and penalty clauses  
  

22 September 2008 |   
---|---  
  
Lee Seiu Kin J:

1 The plaintiff is a company in the business of supplying waste disposal
equipment. The defendant is a company providing waste disposal services. In
September 2005 the National Environment Agency (“NEA”) awarded the defendant a
contract (“the NEA Contract”) for refuse collection in the Ang Mo Kio/Toa
Payoh sector for the period 1 July 2006 to 31 December 2013. Following this,
the defendant invited suppliers to quote for the supply of various equipment.
The plaintiff was one of these suppliers and after discussions and
negotiations between their representatives, the plaintiff and defendant
entered into two contracts as follows:

(i) A contract executed around 5 December 2005 (“first Contract”) for the
supply of 106 units of mobile refuse compactors (“MRC”) for the sum of
$2,226,000 and nine units of rear end loaders (“REL”) for the sum of $556,800.

(ii) A contract executed around 15 March 2006 (“second Contract”) for the
supply of around 17,000 units of mobile garbage bins (“MGB”) in various sizes,
with the sum of the confirmed quantities amounting to $583,840 and the
optional quantities amounting to $129,645.

2 Pursuant to the first Contract, the plaintiff supplied the 106 units of MRC
and nine units of REL and received full payment from the defendant. Pursuant
to the second Contract, the plaintiff supplied MGB worth $562,486.05 and, up
to the date of the trial, was paid $102,172 by the defendant. In this suit the
plaintiff claimed the balance of $460,314.05 under the second Contract, plus
interest and costs.

3 The defendant admitted taking delivery of the MGB under the second Contract.
However the defendant claimed that the plaintiff had failed to deliver a large
number of the MGB in accordance with the delivery schedule provided in the
contract, as a result of which the plaintiff was liable for liquidated damages
(“LD”) in the sum of $8,500, which the defendant counterclaimed. In addition,
the defendant claimed that the plaintiff had also failed to deliver many of
the MRC and REL in accordance with the contractual delivery schedule under the
first Contract, in consequent of which the plaintiff was also liable for LD
under that contract. Such LD amounted to $371,000 in respect of the MRC and
$174,500 in respect of the REL. The defendant counterclaimed these amounts
against the plaintiff, plus interest and costs.

4 In its defence to the counterclaim, the plaintiff pleaded, _inter alia_ ,
that the LD clauses in both contracts amounted to a penalty and were therefore
not enforceable. Further the plaintiff pleaded that, in relation to the second
Contract, the defendant was in breach by its failure to make payment in
accordance with the terms of the contract, which called for payment in 12
instalments. The defendant had only paid two instalments and did not pay the
remaining ten instalments. The plaintiff also pleaded that there was an oral
agreement by the defendant that it would not impose LD upon certain
conditions[note: 1]. As those conditions were met, the defendant was not
entitled to impose LD.

5 At the end of the trial and after counsel had delivered their oral
submissions, I made the following findings:

(i) On a proper construction of the two contracts, the delivery dates were:

(a) in relation to the 106 units of MRC in the first Contract, in five lots in
end January, and the beginning of March, April, May and June 2006;

(b) in relation to the nine units of REL in the first Contract, in three lots
of three units each at the end of February, March and April 2006; and

(c) in relation to the MGB in the second Contract, 15 May 2006.

(ii) The plaintiff had failed to deliver some of the MRC, REL and MGB within
the dates stipulated for their delivery under the two contracts.

(iii) The LD clause was a requirement imposed by the defendant and it was its
general manager William Lee who proposed the quantum of $500 per day.

(iv) In relation to the first contract, I found that the plaintiff was not
liable to the defendant for LD as it amounted to a penalty and dismissed the
counterclaims for the sums of $371,000 and $174,500.

(v) In relation to the second Contract for the MGB, I found that the
defendant’s counterclaim for LD was made out. However the defendant had no
defence to the plaintiff’s claim for payment of the balance outstanding and
therefore I gave judgment to the plaintiff in the sum of $451,814.05 (being
the difference of $460,314.05 and $8,500.00).

(vi) I also held that the defendant had committed acts of prevention in
relation to the delivery of the MRC and REL and that the time for delivery had
thereby been set at large. In those circumstances the plaintiff would only be
obliged to deliver within a reasonable time thereafter.

6 The defendant filed a notice of appeal against such part only of my decision
disallowing its counterclaim for set off of the LD in the first Contract for
the sums of $371,000 and $174,500 on the basis that the LD clause is a penalty
and thus unenforceable. I now give the reasons for holding that the LD clause
is a penalty.

7 Counsel for the plaintiff referred me to Andrew Phang, _Cheshire, Fifoot and
Furmston’s Law of Contract_ (1998) at p 671:

“… whether a conventional sum is liquidated damages or a penalty .. is a
question of construction ‘to be decided upon the terms and inherent
circumstances of each particular contract, judged of as at the time of making
the contract, not as at the time of the breach”.

The last part of that passage came from the speech of Lord Dunedin in the
House of Lords in _Dunlop Pneumatic Tyre Co Ltd v New Garage and Motor Co Ltd_
[1915] AC 79 at pp 86-87. His Lordship, after stating that the essence of a
penalty is a payment of money stipulated as _in terrorem_ of the offending
party whereas the essence of LD is a genuine pre-estimate of damage, suggested
the following considerations in deciding whether an LD clause would be deemed
a penalty (at p 87):

(a) if the sum stipulated for is extravagant and unconscionable in amount in
comparison with the greatest loss that could conceivably be proved to have
followed from the breach;

(b) if the breach consists only in not paying a sum of money, and the sum
stipulated is a sum greater than the sum which ought to have been paid;

(c) there is a presumption (but no more) that it is penalty when a single lump
sum is made payable by way of compensation, on the occurrence of one or more
or all of several events, some of which may occasion serious and others but
trifling damage; and

(d) it is no obstacle to the sum stipulated being a genuine pre-estimate of
damage, that the consequences of the breach are such as to make precise pre-
estimation almost an impossibility. On the contrary, that is just the
situation when it is probable that pre-estimated damage was the true bargain
between the parties.

8 Turning to the facts of the present case, the LD clause in the first
Contract is found under the heading “Delivery on Site” and provides as
follows:

“Liquidated damage of S$500.00 per day per equipment may be imposed for late
delivery after 1 week from stipulated schedule”

Now this same provision applies in respect of every single unit (“per
equipment”) of the 106 units of MRC (the average cost of each one being
$21,000) and every one of the nine units of REL (the average cost of each
ranging from $58,000 to $66,700). This was irrespective of the cost of each
item and also irrespective of whether the delay was in relation to the units
of the earlier batches or the later batches. It is common ground that the
defendant was able to perform the NEA Contract at its commencement on 1 July
2006 and no LD was imposed by NEA under the LD clause in that contract. There
is evidence to show that, in relation to the MRC that had been delivered in
the earlier part of the year, i.e. January to May 2006, they were not used by
the defendant until just prior to 1 July 2006. Indeed the plaintiff had to
store some of them due to the inability of the defendant to receive them for
lack of space. The plaintiff also had to carry out maintenance greasing of the
moving parts of the MRC to ensure that they remained in working order at the
time they were deployed. There is also evidence that in relation to the REL,
the defendant had some technical problems due to incompatibility with parts
supplied by the defendant.

9 The nub of the matter was that the defendant did not require the MRC until
shortly before commencement of the NEA Contract on 1 July 2006, which was when
they could be deployed on site. As for the REL, they were only required a few
weeks before that date. Yet the LD of $500 per equipment per day was applied
without reference to cost of the equipment and to the impact to the defendant
of the delay of each item of equipment. Based on the formula of $500 per
equipment per day that each equipment was delivered outside the schedule, the
defendant was able to put up a claim for LD of $371,000 in respect of the MRC
and $174,500 in respect of the REL, amounting to 17% and 31% of the respective
contract sums. It was clear that the LD clause was not a genuine pre-estimate
of the loss that would be suffered by the defendant due to any delay in the
delivery of the equipment that fell behind the delivery schedule, but a
provision held _in terrorem_ against the plaintiff. Indeed the defendant was
not so dissatisfied with the actual dates of delivery as to withhold payment
and had made full payment for them. It was only when the plaintiff claimed for
payment of the outstanding sum under the second Contract for the MGB that the
defendant made a claim for LD in respect of the MRC and REL under the first
Contract.

10 For these reasons I held that the LD clause was a penalty and therefore
unenforceable.

_________________

[note: 1]Reply para 4A: if “start off date of the project of 1 July 2006 is
met”, and para 4B, congratulatory messages in media costing $14,700 placed.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 22 Sep 2008 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

