Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Public Prosecutor v XT  
[2008] SGHC 130

Case Number | : | CC 17/2008  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 12 August 2008  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Choo Han Teck J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Leong Wing Tuck and Wendy Yap Peng Hoon (Deputy Public Prosecutor) for the prosecution; S Gogulakannan (Kannan SG) for the accused.   
Parties | : |  Public Prosecutor — XT   
  
Criminal Law – Offences – Rape – Elements of rape – Whether evidence
establishing that accused committed rape  
  
Criminal Law – Offences – Whether evidence establishing that accused had
committed an offence under Section 140(1)(i) Women's Charter [Cap.353, 1997
Rev Ed]  
  

12 August 2008 |   
---|---  
  
Choo Han Teck J:

1 The accused, a 47 year old man who worked at the airport, was charged with
rape under s 376(1) of the Penal Code (Cap 224, 1985 Rev Ed) as a result of a
complaint by the 15-year old complainant. The offence was alleged to have
taken place on 1 November 2007 about 2pm at a staircase landing of Block xxx
Yung Sheng Road. The complainant lived with her parents, an elder sister aged
22, and an elder brother aged 18, on the 14th floor of that block. Her father
is a driver and her mother is a cleaner. Since she stopped schooling before
she had completed primary four, she was home alone most of the time although
her parents leased out part of their flat to tenants. Her father testified
that he gives her $10 to buy food for herself and her brother on the days that
he was home. On 1 November 2007, however, other than her parents’ tenant, she
was alone at home.

2 The charge stated the time of the offence to be about 2pm. The complainant
testified that it was at 2.30pm that she went to buy titbits at the market
place across the road. She said that after she bought the titbits and was
walking through the open deck of the ground floor of her block of flats, she
noticed that the accused was sniffing glue near a low brick wall. The accused
then grabbed her by the arm as she passed him. She ran to a lift and he pulled
her out of the lift and up the staircase shown in photograph P4. She testified
that when they were at the staircase landing, the accused pulled her shirt up
and sucked her nipples. He also pulled her shorts and panties down and rubbed
his penis on her genitals, and inserted it into her vagina as well as anus.
She said that the accused also inserted his finger into her vagina. On further
questioning by the learned DPP Mr Leong, the complainant said that when the
accused unzipped his pants and took out his penis, she ran to the shopping
centre (established at trial to be the one across the road where she had gone
to buy titbits earlier). She said that it was at the staircase landing that
she saw a man, later identified to be Mr Loo Kin Liak, one of three men who
had detained the accused and called the police. She said that at that time she
only saw Mr Loo and not the other two, established at trial to be Mr Shersha
Mohamed and Mr Ng Beng.

3 The accused testified that he often stays with his sister whose flat was
nearby. He said that he had gone to the market place across Block xxx on the
morning of 1 November 2007 and bought some glue which he used for inhaling
later that day. He was sitting on the low brick wall shown in P4 when the
complainant came up to him and asked him for money. According to him, she said
that if he gave her $10 she would do anything for him. He told her to go away,
but she continued to pester him. He then went to the staircase and sat at the
landing (leading to the second floor) where he continued to inhale glue. The
complainant went to sit next to him and asked him again for money. He got up
and went to the parapet wall looking over it. He said that the complainant
also got up and stood in front of him. She had her back to the pipe shown in
P4. She asked him again for money and he pushed her away with his right arm.
He said that that was the point when he saw Mr Loo, whom he thought was a
police officer, so he ran upstairs to the third floor. When he saw that there
were no police vehicles, he decided to go back down the same staircase where
he was confronted by Mr Loo, Mr Shersha, and Mr Ng Beng. He ran and the three
men gave chase. He was tripped, and fell on the lawn a short distance from the
block. The men tied his hands, first with a shirt, and then a plastic strap
and waited for the police. Sgt Hong Tee Ching and W/Sgt Khairunnisa Mohamad
arrived at Block xxx at about 2.45pm, and their team leader SSI Vicnaysen
arrived a few minutes later.

4 In a rape trial the evidence of the complainant is vital because generally,
it provides direct evidence of penetration, absence of consent, and the
identification of the accused. Although scientific evidence may be highly
probative of some important aspects (for example, semen stains identifying the
accused), such evidence is corroborative (for example, semen stain from the
accused is irrelevant if the complainant had consented to the sexual
intercourse) only, and the extent of its significance depends on the
individual case. Where, as in this case, the complainant is young and has low
intelligence, one has to be sure that she was competent to testify. In this
case, Dr Cai Yiming, a psychiatrist in the Child Guidance Clinic, examined the
complainant and testified that she was assessed to have an intelligence
quotient (IQ) of 44 which, according to Dr Cai, indicated that the complainant
was at the “moderately mentally retarded range of intelligence”. Dr Cai,
however, testified that she was competent to give evidence. Dr Su Lin Lin, the
gynaecologist who examined the complainant, reported that she was “calm and
appeared coherent in telling the incident” although she was frightened of the
pelvic examination.

5 The complainant’s evidence was given through a Chinese interpreter in court.
She did not appear anxious and seemed to have no difficulty testifying or
understanding the interpreter. She occasionally smiled at the social workers
who took turns to accompany her to court. Her evidence was coherent but not
cogent. It was not explained why she had brought W/Sgt Khairunnisa Mohamad to
the 12th floor and told her that that was where the accused had committed the
offence; nor did she explain why she referred to the 12th floor of Block yyy
in her statement to Dr Su, and told her that that was where a similar incident
had taken place the day before concerning the accused and her. When asked by
the DPP, she denied that she had mentioned anything about the 12th floor or
Block yyy to the doctor. Her assertion in court that the accused attacked her
when she went into the lift was contradicted by her previous statement to the
police that she did not use the lifts because one of them was under repair and
the other was fully occupied by two men and a bicycle. Under cross-
examination, the complainant retracted her evidence in court saying that it
was wrong. Her previous evidence was not without problems because the defence
produced evidence from the town council in charge of the lifts to show that
none of the lifts had broken down that day or was under any repair.

6 The complainant’s description of the sexual acts performed on her was also
suspect because they were not consistent with what she had told the police and
Dr Su. W/Sgt Khairunnisa’s recorded entry in the log sheet of the police
patrol team at 2.56 pm of 1 November 2007 read:

W/Sgt Nisa interviewed said victim, [complainant], and was informed by
[complainant] that she was touched by [accused]. W/Sgt Nisa then asked
[complainant] which part of the body she was touched and she said ‘down there’
placing her hand on her private part. She also said that she was slapped and
kicked by [the accused].

W/Sgt Khairunnisa’s account of her interview with the complainant suggested
that the complainant was unable to articulate the sexual act and W/Sgt
Khairunnisa had to demonstrate the act of sexual intercourse symbolically
using her hands. Yet she also testified that the complainant told her that the
accused had put his “bird-bird into her backside”. She did not explain how the
complainant could articulate sodomy but not vaginal intercourse. There was
also no medical evidence of any anal intercourse. The complainant also told Dr
Su that the accused had pushed her onto the ground, but in court she testified
that she was standing up at the material time. She also denied in court that
she had told Dr Su that the accused had kissed her. Dr Su had noted in her
report that the complainant told her she was kissed. Dr Cai noted that the
complainant told him that the accused had inserted his penis into her vagina
and anus, but he did not record any allegation of kissing, sucking of nipples,
or fellatio. Dr Su noted some bruises (1.5cm linear red mark anteriorly near
the lower end of the right shoulder, 2x2 cm area of bruise anteriorly near her
left elbow and 6 red lines at her right flank, which the complainant claimed
were scratch marks caused by the accused). There was no record of the slapping
or kicking that the complainant had earlier told the police. The complainant
testified that the accused was wearing a brown shirt and black pants, with no
belt. The evidence produced by the prosecution showed that the accused wore a
blue shirt and a brown pair of pants with a belt.

7 There are some other unsatisfactory aspects of the prosecution’s case. There
was no evidence of any spermatozoa found on the complainant, and if there had
been such varied sexual activity as the complainant claimed, it would be
relevant to produce evidence of seminal stains on the clothing of the accused,
particularly on his underpants. The DPP submitted that the accused was not
wearing his underpants at the time of the offence. The accused person’s
version was that he was asked to surrender his underpants when he was first
taken to the lockup because they told him that it was needed for testing of
DNA. No evidence from the prosecution was called to refute the accused
person’s version. It would seem strange that the accused would have kept his
underpants in his pocket that day as the DPP had suggested.

8 The main independent witness, Mr Loo testified that he saw the accused
standing face to face with the complainant. The pants of the accused were
“loosened” and he was doing a “pumping” action, which Mr Loo explained to mean
that he saw the accused moving his buttocks forward and backwards against the
complainant. He did not say in court that he saw that the accused was naked
from the waist down. There was a discrepancy in his evidence insofar as Sgt
Hong had testified that Mr Loo had told him shortly after he had arrived at
the scene on 1 November 2007, that the accused was half naked from the waist
down. His record in the log sheet stated that the accused and complainant were
naked from the waist down. He was reminded under cross-examination that he had
testified at the preliminary inquiry that the accused still had his pants on.
Mr Loo told the police patrol that he first spotted the accused hugging the
complainant at 2 pm. He then went to the next block to ask Mr Shersha and Mr
Ng Beng for assistance. According to his evidence, the trio consisting of Mr
Loo, Mr Shersha, and Mr Ng Beng reached the staircase where the accused and
the complainant were, about 30 minutes later. The complainant said under
cross-examination that she had shouted “Help”. She said this first in English,
and when the question was repeated, she answered in Mandarin. This part of her
testimony was one of those that I found to be unconvincing, but I will
evaluate her evidence in its totality.

9 Mr Shersha testified in court that when he arrived at the staircase, he saw
the accused holding the complainant’s waist. At that point, he heard Mr Loo
shout “Oi!” and the accused looked up at them, did something which Mr Shersha
said seemed like the act of zipping up his pants, and then ran. Under cross-
examination, he admitted that he had given a different account in the
preliminary inquiry. There, with the assistance of the investigating officer,
he had demonstrated how the accused was grabbing the complainant, from behind,
around the waist with both his arms. He explained that he was confused by the
questions and did not understand. He testified that what he told this court
was the true version. Mr Ng Beng testified that after the accused had run
away, the complainant followed the three men down the stairs. Mr Ng asked her
what happened and she replied in Mandarin, “He played me.” There was no
evidence from any of the men that the complainant was in any distress. The
only evidence of the complainant’s state of mind at the time was the evidence
of the police officer SSI Vicnaysen who said that when he saw the complainant
she looked “a bit dazed” and that she “seemed a bit lost”.

10 The accused elected to give evidence when his defence was called. His case,
as I have briefly set out above, was a total denial of any sexual intercourse
with the complainant. He testified that he was at the void deck sniffing glue
that he had bought earlier that morning. He said that the complainant
approached him and asked for $10 and in return, she would do anything he
wanted. He told her that he had no money and asked her to go away, but she
continued to pester him. The statement recorded from him by the Investigating
Officer, Stn Insp Tho, on 6 November 2007, was consistent with his testimony
in court. The learned DPP however, urged me not to believe the accused, and he
drew my attention to the contradictions elsewhere in his evidence. Notably,
that the accused claimed to have thrown away the glue when he was chased by Mr
Loo and his friends when Sgt Hong testified that he found the two tubes of
glue in his pocket.

11 The accused said that he ran because he thought he was being pursued by the
police because he was a glue sniffer, and he further testified that he threw
the two tubes of glue away when he was being chased. Sgt Hong, however,
testified that when he arrested the accused, he found the two tubes of glue in
the trouser pocket of the accused, and the plastic bag with the yellow
substance was found on the ground next to the accused. It was recorded in the
police patrol log sheet that the accused was found at that time to be “slurred
in speech and appeared to be high on drugs”.

12 Lawyers frequently remind the courts that witnesses are often unable to
give a consistent account of their evidence. Sometimes it would be said that
the discrepancies and omissions only make the witness more credible, but that
is said only to emphasize that errors and omissions are part of life, and
further, that we must presume that a witness who had planned to lie would not
have planned to contradict himself. Are we to say that the witness who stands
out for his inconsistency is more reliable than the one who is consistent? It
is truly impossible to lay down strict rules without contradiction, for if
errors and omissions are part of life, the careful liar too, may slip as might
the careless but honest witness, and a liar may occasionally tell the truth as
may the honest man sometimes lie. The clarity of the witness’ perception of
the event as well as the clarity of his recollection can significantly
determine the court’s finding of fact. In the present case, the offence of
rape requires the prosecution to prove the fact of penetration by the accused
on the complainant without the latter’s consent. The testimony of the
complainant is the primary evidence of consent. If she is found to be a
reliable witness, the court is entitled to find as a fact that the sexual act
was non-consensual. There are many instances in which other evidence might
corroborate the absence of consent. Torn clothing, evidence from other
witnesses of struggle, or of screaming, and perhaps, physical injuries
indicating an attempt to repel the assailant. All such evidence must be
considered against the testimony of the accused and the evidence from other
sources that support or contradict him.

13 The evidence of the five most important witnesses in this case, the
complainant, the accused, Mr Loo, Mr Shersha, and Mr Ng Beng had not been
consistent, and parts of which were inexplicable and, without explanation,
seemed strange. For example, Mr Shersha’s account (in the preliminary inquiry)
that the accused had hugged the complainant from behind, created a
substantially different impression of what had taken place from the accounts
of the complainant and Mr Loo. Mr Shersha said that he gave that evidence
because he was confused by counsel’s question. Far from clarifying the
incongruity, that explanation deepened the mystery. How did counsel confuse
him to the extent that he gave a very explicit account of what he saw,
emphasized by a demonstration in court? Why the complainant referred to the
12th floor when asked where the offence took place was not explained. She
referred to the 12th floor of Block xxx and subsequently to the 12th floor of
Block yyy. Curious minds will have a few theories as to why she did so, and
curiosity is undeniably a very important quality for a fact-finder to possess.
It must not lead to any conclusion based on speculation, that major specie of
unjustified belief. That leads to the next aspect of fact finding in a
criminal trial, namely, how much evidence does the prosecution need to prove
before it satisfies the legal burden of proof beyond reasonable doubt?
Conversely, what is required by the defence to raise a reasonable doubt? The
strength of the evidence for both sides is only as strong as its tension with
its weakness. Some parts of a witness’s testimony may be credible and strong
and others weak and implausible. Sometimes the parts affect the whole and
sometimes they do not.

14 The danger of reductionism is ever present whenever we are faced with
complex terms, hence, to say that “reasonable doubt” means no more than what a
reasonable man would regard as doubtful does not help expand one’s
understanding of the term. Instead, it would imply that an objective standard
is required, and that, in turn, raises contrasting problems. First,
philosophers and jurists have written volumes about objectivity and still do
not have a consensus as to what it means to be objective, a situation which
the more cynical observer would say, indicates that therefore, nothing is
objective. At the same time, it does seem just as harsh to declare that facts
are established according to individual fancies, and may thus, vary from judge
to judge. Hence, a strong argument may be made that this should not be the
case when one is dealing with “facts”, as opposed to matters of discretion. If
the court will find objectivity, it must accomplish a difficult (some say
impossible) exercise in psychology - stepping outside its own bias and
prejudice, and thereby overcoming the twin obstacles of dogmatism and
arrogance. The judge must not have dogs in the hunt. He has to steer between
gullibility and obstinate cynicism, and be mindful of general truths and yet
not lose sight of the evidence in the case at hand. In human affairs, we
cannot expect absolute certainty as we might in mathematics. Ultimately, a
finding of fact may only be reached with an intuitive judgment as to what the
evidence amounted to. The court will, if it can, minimise its reliance on
intuition, which is not a palpable gauge, and rely, where it can, on stark
facts. That depends on the evidence.

15 Reminding myself thus, I am satisfied that the prosecution had proved its
case that the accused had sexual intercourse with the complainant. Although
the complainant was generally a poor witness in that her evidence was
inconsistent in several respects from the combination of the medical evidence
and the evidence of Mr Loo, I am satisfied that the accused had penetrated her
vaginally. Rape, however, is committed only when there was an absence of
consent. Consent is a positive act of the will, which in turn, implies
consciousness. It is possible that a girl of 15 with a low IQ may not have the
requisite will to give consent, but it is not a general rule of medicine or
science that asserts this as a fact. Each instance must be proved sufficiently
to enable a court to infer absence of consent. It is this aspect that I find
the evidence to be inadequate. It is no fault of counsel for they can only
adduce what there was to adduce. Dr Cai’s evidence did not assert that the
complainant was incapable of giving consent and I do not think that there was
sufficient evidence to persuade me to infer that she was incapable of giving
such consent. The most direct evidence of consent would have been from the
complainant herself. In this respect, her evidence was weak and inconclusive.
Furthermore, corroborative evidence, such as evidence of physical struggle
implying refusal of consent, physical distress after the event and injuries on
her body, indicating that force might have been used, were sparse and
insufficient to persuade me that the lack of consent element had been proved.
It should be noted that according to Mr Loo’s evidence, the incident might
have taken up to thirty minutes. It was in daylight and a very public place.
In forming my opinion on the evidence of the complainant, I satisfied myself
that she was capable of giving rational and cogent testimony. Though of a low
IQ and poorly educated, she was capable of expressing herself rationally. Her
testimony, although inconsistent, was clear. She was also independent and took
care of herself when her parents were at work. Why her evidence was
contradictory is unclear, one might make a variety of guesses, but that would
be speculation and is inappropriate. The finding of facts that I have made
only meant that the evidence was insufficient to discharge the burden of proof
required, and not that the complainant had in fact given consent - the
complainant was not on trial and no adverse inferences or aspersions should be
drawn or made as the case may be in regard to her character. However, as the
complainant was under 16 years of age at the time, consent though relevant in
a charge of rape, is not relevant in a charge under s 140(1)(i) of the Women’s
Charter, (Cap 353, 1997 Rev Ed). Section 140(1)(i) provides as follows:

Any person who –

…

(i) has carnal connection with any girl below the age of 16 years except by
way of marriage;

…

shall be guilty of an offence and shall be liable on conviction to
imprisonment for a term not exceeding five years and shall also be liable to a
fine not exceeding $10,000.

16 For the reasons above, I find that the charge of rape against the accused
had not been made out, and I acquit and discharge him of that charge. I find
that on the facts as I have found, an offence under s 140(1)(i) of the Women’s
Charter had been proved, and I therefore find the accused guilty of an offence
under that section and convict him accordingly.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 12 Aug 2008 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

