Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Relfo Ltd (in liquidation) v Bhimji Velji Jadva Varsani  
[2008] SGHC 7

Case Number | : | Suit 612/2006, SUM 3916/2007  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 15 January 2008  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Choo Han Teck J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Tan Mingfen and Sheryl Wei (Drew & Napier LLC) for the plaintiff; Leo Cheng Suan (Infinitus Law Corporation) for the defendant   
Parties | : |  Relfo Ltd (in liquidation) — Bhimji Velji Jadva Varsani   
  
Injunctions  
  

15 January 2008 |   
---|---  
  
Choo Han Teck J:

1 The plaintiff is a company in the business of property development. The
defendant was a former shareholder in the plaintiff company. The plaintiff
alleged that the defendant and other shareholders transferred their shares in
the plaintiff to one Gorecia and his wife (Mrs Gorecia) for a nominal sum. The
plaintiff further alleged that as shareholders and directors, Gorecia and his
wife owed fiduciary duties to, inter alia, act in good faith and in the best
interests of the company, and not to act in conflict of interests with it.

2 On 26 April 2004 the Inland Revenue Department (“IRD”) in the United Kingdom
issued a Notice of Warning of Legal Proceedings against the defendant in
respect of a sum of £1,409,871.30 due to the IRD in unpaid tax. The notice
demanded payment by 3 May 2004. On 4 May 2004, instead of making payment to
the IRD, Gorecia instructed the plaintiff’s bank to transfer £500,000
(US$878,479.35 on conversion from Sterling Pound at prevailing rates on 4 May
2004) to one Mirren Ltd. However, the money appeared to have been subsequently
transferred to the defendant’s bank account in Citibank, Singapore on
Gorecia’s instructions. On 13 May 2004, £100,000 from this Citibank account
was transferred to Gorecia and his wife. No consideration was provided by the
defendant to Gorecia for the transfer of funds.

3 The plaintiff obtained an _ex parte mareva_ order on 23 January 2007 and the
defendant applied subsequently to discharge the order by an application dated
5 September 2007. The application to discharge was heard before me and
dismissed on 25 October 2007.

4 The defendant’s basis for discharge was based principally on the ground that
the plaintiff’s liquidator presented “facts in a skewed and slanted manner to
mislead the court”. However, comparing the affidavit of the liquidator and
that in support of the defendant, I am of the view that the crucial question
why the money that was transferred to the defendant’s account in Citibank
under dubious circumstances had not been satisfactorily answered. Even if the
defendant could not prove his assertions on the merits, at this stage, that
the payment was legitimate, he was at least required to provide a plausible
explanation supported by reasonable evidence for the court to consider
together with all other factors such as the balance of convenience.

5 The defendant alleged that the plaintiff relied on false documents in its
application for the _mareva_ injunction. I am not convinced that the plaintiff
had used any such document. The two documents which purportedly contained
identical signatures, namely the letter of instructions that authorised the
transfer of funds from Mirren Ltd and a contract known as “Corn Loan
Agreement” were not documents fashioned by the liquidators at all. The Corn
Loan Agreement was allegedly a contract of loan in which Gorecia would advance
US$3.6m to a company known as Corn Ltd, and Gorecia would in return be given a
50% share in Corn Ltd. The defendant’s explanation as to why his bank account
was credited with US$878,479.35 did not make sense at all. His claim that this
was part payment of the Corn Loan Agreement was difficult to follow, let alone
accept as credible. The defendant claimed that Corn Ltd would repay the loan
to Gorecia who would in turn pay over to the defendant whose family it was
that provided the money loaned. On the defendant’s own account, the
defendant’s family lent Corn Ltd US$600,000 to be repaid in monthly
instalments of US$50,000. Inexplicably, the single sum of US$878,479.35 was
paid to the defendant instead. If any question were to be raised concerning
the signatures in the documents mentioned, it appeared to me that Gorecia and
the defendant should provide the answer rather than the liquidators. I found
the defendant’s story to be tenuous and vague, and until a better explanation
is given, the defendant should be restrained from taking the money from his
Citibank account. I thus dismissed the defendant’s application to discharge
the _mareva_ orders.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 15 Jan 2008 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

