Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Hamonangan Luis v Suntanto Sanny Suriaty  
[2008] SGHC 184

Case Number | : | RAS 43/2008, D 1949/2006  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 23 October 2008  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Judith Prakash J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Lim Soo Peng (Lim Soo Peng & Co LLP) for the appellant; Foo Siew Fong (Harry Elias Partnership) for the respondent   
Parties | : |  Hamonangan Luis — Suntanto Sanny Suriaty   
  
Family Law  
  

23 October 2008 |  _Judgment reserved_.  
---|---  
  
Judith Prakash J:

Introduction

1 This appeal arises from divorce proceedings initiated by the wife against
the husband. The parties were married in February 2002. On 26 April 2006, the
wife filed for divorce on the ground of unreasonable behaviour on the part of
the husband and interim judgment was granted on 11 January 2007. Thereafter,
the ancillary matters came on for hearing before a District Judge (the “trial
judge”) and various orders were made relating to the division of matrimonial
assets and maintenance. The reasons for these orders were explained in _Sanny
Suriaty Sutanto v Luis Hamonangan_ [2008] SGDC 221 (the “GD”).

2 Among the orders made were directions to the following effect:

(a) that the flat be sold and the net sale proceeds, after repayment of the
mortgage loan, the refund to the parties’ respective CPF accounts, and the
payment of the costs and expenses of sale, be divided in the proportions of
65% to the wife and 35% to the husband;

(b) that the couple’s joint account with the United Overseas Bank (the “UOB
account”) be closed and that the wife be paid a half share thereof amounting
to $13,000;

(c) that the husband was to pay the wife the sum of $9,600 representing her
share of the rental proceeds of the flat from April 2006 till the day of the
order; and

(d) that the husband was to pay to the wife a sum of $5,066.05 being the
credit balance in a joint account held by the parties with the Post Office
Savings Bank (the “POSB account”).

3 The husband was not satisfied with the orders made above for various
reasons. He appealed. I shall address the husband’s arguments on these orders
in turn.

Order 1 –Division of the Sale Proceeds of the Matrimonial Flat

4 In April 2004, the couple signed an option to purchase a flat at Block 648B
Jurong West Street 64 (the “flat”). The purchase was completed in July 2004
and thereafter the parties rented out the flat. They themselves occupied a
private flat belonging to the husband’s father.

5 To finance the purchase of the flat which cost $260,000, the parties took a
mortgage loan of $200,000 from the United Overseas Bank (“UOB”). They were
able to pay $19,000 of the balance from their respective CPF accounts but had
to find the amount of $48,200 to pay the balance of the price, the stamp duty
of $4,600 and the agency fee of $2,600. The husband’s stand was that the
balance was paid from the proceeds of a loan of $100,000 made by his sister
(whom I shall refer to as “AH”) whilst the wife said that the $100,000 was a
gift from the husband’s father and that the parties did not need to borrow
such an amount to pay for the flat.

6 On appeal, the husband did not dispute the proportions in which the sale
proceeds of the flat should be divided. He argued (repeating arguments made
before the trial judge) that $68,000 from the net proceeds of the sale should
be utilised first to repay AH the balance due in respect of the $100,000 loan.
The loan had been made in three tranches. AH issued a cheque for $25,000 on 29
April 2004 which was credited into the UOB account and two cheques for $50,000
and $25,000 on 27 May 2004 and 11 June 2004, respectively, which were credited
into the POSB account. After the marriage broke down, the husband had
withdrawn $30,000 from the UOB account on 4 March 2006 and a further $2,000
from his personal POSB account on 10 April 2006 to repay AH. The husband
considered that the remaining $68,000 should be repaid from the sale proceeds
of the flat since the loan had been given for the purchase of the flat. His
contention therefore was that $68,000 should be deducted from the proceeds of
sale and paid to AH before the remaining proceeds were divided between the
parties.

7 The wife, on the other hand, claimed that the $100,000 was actually a gift
from the appellant’s father to the couple which was transferred first to the
appellant’s sister before it was passed on to them.

8 The trial judge rejected the husband’s arguments and accepted the wife’s
explanation. He made the following comments (at [5] to [8] of the GD):

The husband explained that the sum of $30,000 [withdrawn from the UOB Joint
Account] was used to repay the $100,000 loan that his sister have (_sic_)
given to them to aid their purchase of the matrimonial flat. However, he was
unable to adduce any documentary evidence to substantiate his explanation. He
had also failed to adduce an affidavit from his sister to support his claim.

On the other hand, the wife claimed that the sum of $100,000 was actually a
gift from the husband’s father to them through the husband’s sister’s account.
This is evident as the money was transferred to his sister’s account before
being handed to the couple. The husband’s father did so as he knew that the
husband was unemployed and wanted to take care of both of them. This also
explained why the husband’s father had never collected rental from the couple
for staying at the Simei home which belongs to him.

The wife also claimed that the $100,000 is unlikely to be a loan as there was
no repayment made ever since the sum was given to the couple. The only alleged
repayment made was when the husband gave his sister $2,000 after the wife had
left the Simei home.

Therefore, _I find that the wife’s explanation is more probable in the light
of the evidence adduced by both parties_. The husband had failed to discharge
the onus placed upon him to show that the withdrawal of $30,000 was made for
the purpose of repaying the loan. [emphasis added]

9 Whilst I agree with the ultimate decision that the proceeds of sale should
be divided without regard to the alleged loan, with respect, I am unable to
agree with the trial judge’s finding of fact that this sum of $100,000 was a
gift from the husband’s father. Ordinarily, an appellate court will not
disturb the findings of fact made by the lower court unless they were clearly
arrived at against the weight of the evidence: see, most recently, _Public
Prosecutor v Mohammed Liton Mohammed Syeed Mallik_ [2008] 1 SLR 601 at [32] (“
_Mohammed Liton_ ”).

10 The appellate court is constrained in its review of the trial judge’s fact
finding because the trial judge is presumed to have had the benefit of
assessing the credibility and veracity of the witnesses in court: see
_Mohammed Liton_ at [32], citing favourably the comments of Yong Pung How CJ
in _Yap Giau Beng Terence v PP_ [1998] 3 SLR 656 at [24]. It follows, however,
that where the trial judge’s findings did not depend on the observation of
witnesses, there is no such constraint. This explains why, for instance, the
appellate court is regarded as being equally competent to draw inferences of
facts from actual findings: see _Terence Yap_ at [24]. In this appeal, I am
not constrained in my review of the trial judge’s fact finding. This is so
because the trial judge’s findings were based on affidavit evidence alone. I
have equal access to all the evidence and am able to review the same documents
and draw different inferences, if necessary.

11 Having considered the documentary evidence, it is my view that neither the
wife nor the husband has proven their claim as to the nature and purpose of
the $100,000 payment. With due respect to the trial judge, it does not matter
that the wife’s explanation was the more probable one. The test is not whether
the claimant’s case is more probable than that of the other party but whether
it is more true than not on a balance of probabilities. This principle from
the _The Popi M_ [1985] 2 All ER 712 at 955-956 has been firmly established:
see, for example, _Clarke Beryl Claire (as personal representative of the
estate of Eugene Francis Clarke) and Others v SilkAir (Singapore) Pte Ltd_
[2002] 3 SLR 1 at [58] and _Wee Yue Chew v Su Sh-Hsyu_ [2008] 3 SLR 212 at
[9].

12 In this case, neither party has discharged the burden of proving their
claims. The parties who can shed light on the nature of the transfer of the
$100,000, the appellant’s father and sister, have not filed affidavits to
testify as to whether it was a gift or a loan. The circumstances surrounding
the transfer also present some degree of ambiguity and do not strongly support
the veracity of one version over the other. If indeed the money was a gift
from the husband’s father, it would be most unusual for him to have
transferred the money to the sister first before having it passed on to the
couple. The father could have transferred the money into the couple’s bank
account directly. The wife also gave inconsistent explanations as to why the
father made the loan. At first, in June 2006, she stated that the money that
the husband claimed to have borrowed from his sister was in fact a gift from
his father which was mostly used for the husband’s business. A year and a half
later, she changed her tune and said that these monies were paid by the
husband’s father through the husband’s sister to pay to the wife because the
wife was the sole breadwinner of the family as the husband had been unemployed
since September 2003 and had no income at all. The latter statement about the
husband’s employment was inaccurate and misleading. It gave the impression
that the husband was a layabout when in fact he was running a business and was
doing his best, albeit not very successfully, to contribute towards the family
income. There is therefore some doubt about the credibility of the wife’s
account.

13 On the other hand, if the money was a loan from AH, the way in which it was
used did not suggest this. Of the $100,000, $25,000 was not utilised but
simply kept in the UOB account to allow the couple to qualify for the bank’s
Zero Interest Home Loan Plan whereby interest on the mortgage loan was waived
for a certain period. It is difficult to understand why AH would have been
willing to borrow the money from a third party, as the husband asserted she
had, just so that the couple could save a small amount of interest. Much of
the remaining money ($35,000) went into the husband’s business (in which the
wife was registered as a partner though she said that she did not participate
actively in it). The husband did not deny this. In one of his affidavits, he
said that the purpose of the loan was to pay for the house and also to fund
his business. At most, only $40,000 from the $100,000 went directly into the
purchase of the flat and it might not have been this much given that the
parties did have some savings of their own as well which could have been used
to fund the cash portion of the purchase. Even if the $100,000 had been a
loan, there was no reason to tie this loan to the flat and insist that it be
repaid from the proceeds of the sale of the flat.

14 Further, considering that the money was not actually hers, it was also
unusual that AH did not insist on any security for the loan. In fact, there
did not even appear to be any arrangement for repayment of the loan. It was
only after the marriage had broken down and the wife had left the home that
the husband sought to repay AH.

15 For these reasons, I find that neither party has discharged their burden of
proof. The nature of the transfer of the $100,000, whether it was a loan or a
gift, was, simply, not proved. As such, the trial judge’s order must be upheld
and the appellant’s submission that the sale proceeds should be used to repay
his sister is rejected. It is important to note, however, that because the
nature of the $100,000 has not been finally established, the issue is not _res
judicata_. If indeed the money was a loan, AH is still free to attempt to
recover the monies from the parties.

Order 2 – Division of the monies in the UOB account

16 The monies in the UOB account came from two sources. The first source was
AH’s cheque dated 29 April 2004. The second source was the rental from the
flat from the time it was first rented out up to March/April 2006. On 1 March
2006, there was a balance of $34,268 in this account. Subsequently, the
husband withdrew $30,000 which he claimed was used to repay his sister. Upon
discovering his withdrawal, the wife withdrew the remaining $4,000. The trial
judge rejected the husband’s explanation that the $30,000 was withdrawn to
repay the alleged loan from his sister and held that the wife was entitled to
a half share of the credit balance in the account before the withdrawals were
made. This amounted to $17,000. Since the wife had already withdrawn $4000,
the trial judge ordered the husband to pay her the remaining $13,000.

17 The only argument which the husband raised against this order on appeal was
that the $30,000 was rightfully used to repay the loan of $100,000. Having
already rejected this argument, there is no reason for me to disturb the trial
judge’s order. It is thus upheld.

Order 3 – Division of the proceeds from the rental of the flat from April 2006
onwards

18 The trial judge awarded the wife a half share in the proceeds from the
rental of the flat from April 2006 up to the time of the trial in April 2008.
The trial judge accepted the wife’s assertion that the monthly rental was
$800. The basis of the wife’s argument was the husband’s affidavit in which he
had stated that he had been collecting $800 a month for the 2 rooms in the
flat. Accordingly, the wife was awarded $9,600 as a half share of the total
rental proceeds which amounted to $19,200 for the 2 years that the flat was
rented out.

19 The appellant argued that the trial judge had erred in the computation of
the total rental proceeds because he did not actually collect $800 a month
throughout the two years. Having considered all the evidence, I accept the
husband’s contention. The problem arose because in one of his affidavits, the
husband asserted that he had been collecting a monthly rental of $800 in total
for the two rooms in his flat. This was the assertion that the wife relied on.
The relevant paragraph reads as follows:

I have been collecting monthly rental of $800.00 in total a month for 2 rooms
in our flat. I have collected an estimated $7,100.00 since April 2006 to
February 2007. I have used $2,000.00 to repay my sister Anna Hamonangan and
paid maintenance for the flat of $4,698.00. The balance remaining from the
rentals collected is $401.08.

20 Although the husband stated that he had been collecting $800 a month, he
also went on to say in the same paragraph that he had collected $7,100 from
April 2006 to February 2007. A simple calculation (see table below) will show
that this sum is consistent with his contention that he had collected $850 for
two months from April 2006 to May 2006 but only $500 from June 2006 to
November 2006; it was only from December 2006 to April 2008 that he had been
collecting $800 a month.

April 2006 – May 2006 at $850/month: |  $1,700  
---|---  
June 2006 – November 2006 at $500/month: |  $3,000  
December 2006 – February 2007 at $800/month: |  $2,400  
Total: |  $7,100  
  
21 The wife was thus wrong to refer to only part of the husband’s affidavit.
The whole of the evidence given by the husband had to be considered. On this
point, therefore, I accept the husband’s evidence and submissions and find
that the total rental proceeds amounted to $18,300 and not $19,200. The
following table sets this out:

April 2006 – May 2006 at $850/month: |  $1,700  
---|---  
June 2006 – November 2006 at $500/month: |  $3,000  
December 2006 – April 2008 at $800/month: |  $13,600  
Total: |  $18,300  
  
22 The husband also argued that the trial judge had failed to take into
account the fact that he had paid the utility bills, the conservancy charges
and the cost of repairing and servicing the air-conditioner. He claimed that
after deducting these costs, a net balance of $12,000 remained. Accordingly,
the half share to which the wife was entitled would be $6,000 and not $9,600.

23 In the court below, the wife contended that she had also contributed to
utility bills, conservancy charges, property tax and television licence fees
and was therefore entitled to a half share of the gross rental proceeds. When
the appeal came on before me however, counsel for the wife had to concede that
the wife had not contributed to the cost of utilities and the conservancy
charges from April 2006 onwards. The wife had, however, continued to pay the
property tax and television licence fees, a total of $19.47 a month. The total
amount paid by the wife for these items over the period from April 2006 to
April 2008 would therefore be $467.28. The total expenditure incurred by the
husband over the same period in order to maintain and upkeep the flat in
tenantable condition was $6,300. Accordingly, between the both of them, they
spent $6,767.28 on maintaining the flat. When this amount is deducted from the
total rental of $18,300, the net rental becomes $11,532.72. The wife is
entitled to $5,766.36 which is half of this.

24 I therefore allow the appeal in respect of this order and vary the same so
that the amount the husband shall pay the wife in respect of her half share of
the rental proceeds shall be $5,766.36.

Order 4 – Division of the money in the POSB Joint Account

25 The wife claimed that as at 29 December 2005, there was a balance of
$5,066.05 in the POSB account which was used up by the husband. The wife
argued that she was entitled to the entire sum because she was the one who had
contributed to the account from October 2004 onwards and that the husband
contributed less than what he had withdrawn. This argument was accepted by the
trial judge who awarded her the entire sum.

26 It is well-established that in the division of matrimonial assets, the
court exercises its discretion in broad strokes rather than by way of an
unrealistic mathematical formulae: see _Lock Yeng Fun v Chua Hock Chye_ [2007]
3 SLR 520 at [33] (“ _Lock Yeng Fun_ ”); _NI v NJ_ [2007] 1 SLR 75 at [18] and
_Chen Siew Hwee v Low Kee Guan_ [2006] 4 SLR 605 at [66]. As a result, an
appellate court should not interfere with a trial judge’s exercise of
discretion except only in very exceptional circumstances: _Lock Yeng Fun_ at
[36].

27 Bearing this principle in mind, I am nevertheless of the view that, with
respect, the trial judge had erred in allowing the wife to claim the entire
sum in the couple’s POSB account. Matrimonial assets are not to be viewed as
belonging to one party exclusively such as to allow for full entitlement upon
divorce. Instead, these assets are to be treated as community property. For
this reason, the argument that one party should be fully entitled to assets
which he or she had accumulated has been decisively rejected by the Court of
Appeal in _Lock Yeng Fun v Chua Hock Chye_ [2007] 3 SLR 520. The comments of
the court (at [40]) are apposite:

Although [the arguments by counsel for the wife] were intuitively attractive,
we were unable to accept them based on legal principle. A broad-brush approach
is not a licence for the court to ignore the spirit and intent of the
legislative framework. In particular, if accepted, such an argument would
undermine the very basis upon which s 112 of the Act was premised: that
matrimonial assets are not to be viewed as belonging to the husband or the
wife exclusively, to be dealt with accordingly upon a divorce. On the
contrary, the legislative mandate to the courts is to treat all matrimonial
assets as community property (or, as one writer put it, “deferred community of
property” inasmuch as the concept of community property does not take place
until the marriage is terminated legally) to be divided in accordance with s
112 of the Act (and see generally Leong Wai Kum, _Halsbury’s Laws of
Singapore: Family Law_ , vol 11 (LexisNexis, 2006 Reissue, 2006) (“
_Halsbury’s Laws of Singapore_ ”) at para 130.751).

28 It follows that although the contributions to the POSB account may have
come primarily from the wife, the money did not belong exclusively to her. It
was still community property which was subject to division. The other cash
assets of the parties were divided by the trial judge on a fifty-fifty basis.
The wife did not appeal against this apportionment. There is no reason for a
different apportionment to be applied to the money in the POSB account. It
should therefore be shared equally.

29 There is however, another issue to be considered in this connection. This
is the husband’s argument that it was incorrect for the trial judge to find
that the balance remaining in the POSB account when the marriage ended was
$5,066.05. The husband pointed out that the last entry in the copy of the pass
book of the POSB account produced by the wife showed a balance of $4,496.92 as
of 14 December 2005. He also noted that the wife had not produced all the
pages of the pass book containing that entry for 14 December 2005 although
that book was in her possession. There were two pages missing from the copy of
the pass book exhibited in the wife’s affidavit. The husband had however in
his possession the first three pages of the new pass book for the same account
which was issued at the end of December 2005. The first page of the new book
showed that the credit balance of the POSB account as at 31 December 2005 was
only $1,743.52. Obviously withdrawals had been made but there was no evidence
they were made by the husband only. Subsequently, further deposits and
withdrawals were made and on 5 January 2006 after the parties had paid a sum
$718.20 as maintenance charges, the balance in the POSB account was $2,705.32.
The wife left the husband a few days later. It was clear too that the wife had
access to the new pass book as well because her handwriting appeared in it.
Going by the evidence produced, I agree with the husband’s submission that
$5,066.05 was the wrong sum to be divided.

30 The husband submitted that if the wife was entitled to a share in the POSB
account monies, she should only be entitled to half of the $1,743.52 in the
account at the end of December 2005. There is however, no particular reason to
use that date since the wife was transacting in relation to the POSB account
up to 3 January 2006 as shown by her notation in the new pass book on that
date in regard to the maintenance payment. Thereafter, there is no indication
of the wife having operated the POSB account and, when she left, the book
remained with the husband. I think therefore that the correct date at which
the balance in the account should be determined is 3 January 2006. The parties
shall share the balance of $2,705.32 equally and therefore the order made
below in respect of this account shall be varied so that the husband shall pay
the wife the sum of $1,352.66 instead of the amount of $5,066.05 as ordered
below.

Conclusion

31 The appeal is thus allowed in part. I will hear the parties on costs.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 23 Oct 2008 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

