Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Murakami Takako v Wiryadi Louise Maria and Others  
[2008] SGHC 47

Case Number | : | Suit 219/2008, SIC 4366/2007  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 01 April 2008  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Andrew Ang J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Devinder K Rai and Subramanian Pillai (Acies Law Corporation) for the plaintiff; Yeap Poh Leong Andre SC, Wong Soon Peng Adrian and Chan Wai Kit Darren Dominic (Rajah & Tann LLP) for the defendant   
Parties | : |  Murakami Takako — Wiryadi Louise Maria; Ryuji Murakami; Bahari Sjamsjur; Ryuzo Murakami   
  
Civil Procedure – Amendments – Estoppel – Proceedings commenced in foreign
court – Whether issue estoppel or cause of action estoppel barring amendments
to statement of claim  
  
Conflict of Laws – Jurisdiction – Application to introduce foreign immovables
into statement of claim – Distinction between immovables and movables –
Whether exception to rule that forum does not have jurisdiction over disputes
relating to title of foreign land satisfied – Scope of exception  
  
Conflict of Laws – Natural forum – Whether Singapore natural forum for
determination of disputes over foreign immovables that arose from ancillary
divorce proceedings in Indonesia  
  

1 April 2008 |  Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Andrew Ang J:

Introduction

1 By way of Summons No 4366 of 2007, the plaintiff sought to introduce
amendments to her Statement of Claim. The proposed amendments enlarge the
scope of the assets covered by the plaintiff’s claims. These claims are based
on the assets of one Takashi Murakami Suroso situated in various parts of the
world and I had earlier summarised these claims in _Murakami Takako v Wiryadi
Louise Maria_ [2007] 1 SLR 1119 at [5] (the appeal from which is reported in
_Murakami Takako v Wiryadi Louise Maria_ [2007] 4 SLR 565).

2 The proposed amendments introduce eight Australian properties, five
Indonesian properties (or sale proceeds thereof where they have been sold) and
moneys in two accounts with Westpac Bank in Australia. The Statement of Claim
thus far only includes properties situated in Singapore as well as other
movables.

3 Since the proposed amendments, if allowed, would involve foreign immovable
property, I had asked parties to make further submissions on the applicability
of the rule in _The British South Africa Company v Companhia de Moçambique_
[1893] AC 602 (“the _Moçambique_ rule”), _viz_ , that the forum has no
jurisdiction to determine the title to, or the right to the possession of, any
immovable situate outside of the forum.

4 After careful consideration, I will allow the amendment to include the
moneys in the two Westpac Bank accounts but not the Australian and Indonesian
properties.

Issue and cause of action estoppel

5 The defendants’ key arguments focus on issue and cause of action estoppel.
In relation to issue estoppel, they argue that in so far as the Australian
properties are concerned, the plaintiff had commenced proceedings in _Murakami
v Wiryadi_ [2006] NSWSC 1354, where the Supreme Court of New South Wales
granted the defendants a stay on grounds of _forum non conveniens_ , _viz_ ,
that Australia was a clearly inappropriate forum compared to Indonesia.

6 It is unnecessary for me to traverse the law on issue estoppel. Suffice it
to say that I do not accept the defendants’ argument because I am not
satisfied that the issue considered before the Supreme Court of New South
Wales is identical to the issue before me.

7 The issue before the Supreme Court of New South Wales, following _Oceanic
Sun Line Special Shipping Company Inc v Fay_ (1987-1988) 165 CLR 197, was
whether Australia, looking at itself as a focal point, was clearly an
inappropriate forum such that a stay of proceedings should be granted. There
was no doubt that the Australian court had jurisdiction at least over the
Australian properties; the question was simply one of the _exercise_ of such
jurisdiction. The issue before me, however, is the _a priori_ question of
whether Singapore has jurisdiction over the foreign immovable properties and,
if so, whether such jurisdiction ought not be exercised on the ground that
“some other forum was the more appropriate forum”: _Brinkerhoff Maritime
Drilling Corp v PT Airfast Services Indonesia_ [1992] 2 SLR 776.

8 Similarly, I do not accept the defendants’ argument on cause of action
estoppel. Specifically, they relied on _Henderson v Henderson_ (1843) 3 Hare
100 (“ _Henderson v Henderson_ ”) which held that, barring special
circumstances, cause of action estoppel extends also to points which might
have been but were not raised and decided in the earlier proceedings for the
purpose of establishing or negativing the existence of a cause of action. The
rationale for the rule in _Henderson v Henderson_ is to place the onus on a
party to put forth every point which properly belonged to the case. In the
present case, the defendants argue that the plaintiff _ought to_ have raised
before the Supreme Court of New South Wales the point that in the event that
Australia was not the most appropriate forum, Singapore was and that,
accordingly, the plaintiff ought to be estopped from making the present
argument that Singapore was the more appropriate forum.

9 I do not think this was a point which properly belonged to the case before
the Supreme Court of New South Wales. Even if it was, there is an exception to
cause of action estoppel, which is the showing of special circumstance: _Seah
Peng Song v Seah Peng Koon_ [1992] SGHC 87. Such special circumstance is made
out in the present case. The Supreme Court of New South Wales was fully
cognisant that proceedings were ongoing in Singapore: _Murakami v Wiryadi_
[2006] NSWSC 1354 at [35]. Even if the Supreme Court of New South Wales had
pronounced that Singapore was the more appropriate forum, surely this is not a
point that binds the parties or the Singapore courts. Moreover, the plaintiff
was seeking to persuade the Supreme Court of New South Wales that Australia
was not a clearly inappropriate forum; I would not have expected her to weaken
her case by indicating that Singapore was a possible alternative forum.

10 In light of my finding that the estoppel arguments are not made out, there
is nothing to prevent me from allowing the inclusion of the two Westpac
accounts. However, in so far as the foreign _immovables_ are concerned, the
court will have to deal with the _Moçambique_ rule.

The _Moçambique_ rule and the special position of land

11 The second part of the plaintiff’s application is essentially an invitation
to the Singapore court to exercise jurisdiction over foreign land. The
traditional common law response has been, for reasons elucidated below,
generally one of caution as witnessed in _Moçambique_.

12 In the present case, the plaintiff is invoking the exception to the
_Moçambique_ rule – that a forum has jurisdiction over a matter, even though
the proceedings are concerned with foreign immovable property, if it is based
on a contract or equity between the parties (“the exception”). This is
embodied in Rule 122(3) exception (a) of Dicey, Morris & Collins, _The
Conflict of Laws_ , vol 2 (Sweet & Maxwell, 14th Ed, 2006) (“ _Dicey &
Morris_”), which cites, _inter alia_ , _Penn v Lord Baltimore_ (1750) 1 Ves
Sen 444; _Deschamps v Miller_ [1908] 1 Ch 856 (“ _Deschamps v Miller_ ”);
_Griggs (R) Group Ltd v Evans (No. 2)_ [2004] EWHC 1088 (“ _Griggs v Evans_
”).

13 The exception has been explained in various forms. In _Deschamps v Miller_
([12] _supra_) at 863, Parker J described the obligation which the court will
enforce as depending:

[O]n the existence between the parties to the suit of some personal obligation
arising out of contract or implied contract, fiduciary relationship or fraud,
or other conduct which, in the view of a Court of Equity in this country,
would be unconscionable, and do not depend for their existence on the law of
the locus of the immovable property.

14 Paul Baker QC in _Webb v Webb_ [1991] 1 WLR 1410 at 1418 (“ _Webb v Webb_
”) explained the exception thus:

Where there is a defendant within the court’s jurisdiction, and there exists
some relationship between him and the plaintiff arising out of contract, trust
or fraud or other fiduciary bond, the court may make an order directed to the
defendant to perform his contract, carry out his fiduciary duties or undo the
effects of his fraud. Through the relationship, the defendant's conscience is
affected and bound. The sanctions for failure to carry out the order are
commitment for contempt and sequestration of any assets of his to be found
within the jurisdiction. It is no objection that the order relates to land
abroad, save only this, that the order will not be made if the carrying of it
out is illegal or impossible according to the lex situs.

15 In attempting to apply the exception, one ought first to distil the
rationale behind the _Moçambique_ rule. Is the distinction drawn between
movable and immovable property an artificial one? That the common law makes a
distinction between movable and immovable property in conflict of laws is not
without reason. TM Yeo in _Choice of Law for Equitable Doctrines_ (Oxford,
2004) (“ _Yeo_ ”) explained the rationale for respecting the _lex situs_ at
para 5.02:

Property choice of law rules seek to give effect to policies relevant to the
protection of property rights, including the protection of the integrity and
effectiveness of title recording systems, the protection of the expectations
of the parties, security of vested rights, security of transactions, certainty
and uniformity of results, and the ultimate control of the _situs_ in the
enforcement of court orders. … Additional considerations applying to immovable
property are that the court of the _situs_ has the ultimate control over
interests in immovables, and respect for the interests of social and economic
policies of the _situs_ in the transmission of rights in immovables.

16 In relation to a contract between the parties for the sale and purchase of
foreign land, the English court in _Griggs v Evans_ had no difficulty in
holding that the exception ought to apply. Judge Peter Prescott QC in _Griggs
v Evans_ explained the unique position with regards to foreign land cogently
at [78] and [118]:

Even so, it is apparent that to litigate a title in rem to land situate abroad
is regarded as a special case. Why is it a special case? It is partly because
the court cannot enforce its judgment and partly because it is felt the local
sovereign might object. But why might he object? Why can one bring a claim
that says “According to the laws of the sovereign the chattel is mine”, but
not “According to the laws of the sovereign the land is mine”? The answer must
be that it is understood that in the case of land the sovereign is or may be
asserting a double prerogative. It is not only a prerogative to make laws for
his own country, but a prerogative to have those laws adjudicated in his own
courts exclusively.

…

According to deeply held notions of mankind, land, the surface of the earth,
has a very special, I am almost tempted to say, sacral character … Even as I
write, there are men and women who are prepared to kill or maim innocent
people, all because of what an outsider might call a tract of arid desert or
mountain; yet who would, perhaps, scorn to do so over money of equivalent
value. In former times ownership of land might confer obligations of a
military character. In unruly times the very puissance of the sovereign might
depend on his ability tightly to control land ownership. Later on, ownership
of land might confer a right to vote or to seek election to the legislature.
For a foreign court to determine titles to land might amount to undermining
the constitution of the country. Those considerations are obsolete now in
civilised states, but may have shaped the law. In _Dicey & Morris_, 13th ed,
vol 2, para 23-003, p 939, it is stated:

In a broad sense [rule 113] is based on a general principle found in most
legal systems that, where the action concerns immovable property, the courts
of the country where the land is situated have exclusive jurisdiction … There
are various reasons for the principle … land still has a rather special
position in most legal systems …

17 In the present case, the plaintiff is asserting an equity, _viz_ , a
resulting or constructive trust against the defendants. The equity allegedly
arose when the first defendant used the deceased’s money in acquiring the
foreign properties in question during and after their marriage.

18 In inviting this court to exercise jurisdiction, the plaintiff relied on,
_inter alia_ , _Webb v Webb_ ([14] _supra_). In that case, a father had
purchased a property in France in his son's name. The father brought
proceedings in England against the son for a declaration that the son held the
property as trustee and for an order to execute the documents necessary for
vesting the legal title in the father. Thus, that was a case, like the
present, where there was an alleged resulting trust. The court exercised
jurisdiction over the matter after a review of cases from _Penn v Lord
Baltimore_ ([12] _supra_) to _Chellaram v Chellaram_ [1985] 1 Ch 409. I shall
return to this further down.

19 In this connection, one finds the Singapore Court of Appeal case of _Eng
Liat Kiang_ _v Eng Bak Hern_ [1995] 3 SLR 97 (“ _Eng Liat Kiang_ ”) highly
instructive.

Eng Liat Kiang

20 In _Eng Liat Kiang_ , a father sought a declaration that Malaysian land was
held on express or resulting trust by his son. In the High Court, Judith
Prakash JC rejected arguments that the exception was anamolous having no place
in modern jurisprudence based on judicial comity and confirmed the exception
as part of Singapore law: _Eng Liat Kiang v Eng Bak Hern_ [1995] 1 SLR 577
(“the High Court judgment”). However, she ultimately declined to exercise
jurisdiction on the ground of _forum non conveniens_. The Court of Appeal
upheld her decision on the same ground, citing _Webb v Webb_ ([14] _supra_)
and _Cook Industries Incorporated v Galliher_ [1979] 1 Ch 439 (“ _Cook
Industries Inc v Galliher_ ”).

21 Applying _Eng Liat Kiang_ , even if this court has jurisdiction to hear
this matter under the exception, it does not necessarily follow that the court
must _exercise_ such jurisdiction: see also _Griggs v Evans_ at [85]. The High
Court judgment is apposite (at 582):

[A]ny fears that may arise from the continued recognition of this jurisdiction
should be allayed by the development of the forum non conveniens doctrine to
its present stage. That doctrine can be called upon to ensure that this
jurisdiction of the court is only exercised in a proper case.

22 I am of the view that in the present case, the exception does not apply.
Even if this is incorrect, I am of the view that as in _Eng Liat Kiang_ , this
case is not a proper instance for the court to exercise its jurisdiction over
the foreign immovables because Singapore is not the natural forum.

Applicability of exception

23 The exception does not apply in this case because I am not satisfied that
the relationship between the parties ought to be governed by the equitable
standards of this court. Put in another way, the exception only applies when
the court of equity is of the view that the relationship between the parties
has a connection with the forum that will warrant equity lending her
assistance to the dispute.

24 _Yeo_ ([15] _supra_) at para 1.18 had cited RW White in “ _Equitable
Obligations in Private International Law: The Choice of Law_ ” (1986) 11
Sydney L Rev 92 (“White”). White had reviewed _Deschamps v Miller_ ([12]
_supra_) and _Norris v Chambres_ (1861) 45 ER 1004 where the court declined to
exercise jurisdiction under the exception. White explained his rationalisation
of the two cases (at p 106):

A defendant could not reasonably be expected to conform to the principles of
English equity if his connection with England were as tenuous as mere presence
at the time of service. It seems that instead of applying choice of law rules
to a dispute the Court insisted that there be a sufficient connection between
the parties or the cause of action and England.

25 Having said that, I recognise that this court must not shy away from
applying the exception to the _Moçambique_ rule merely because the precise
equitable right being enforced is not recognised in other jurisdictions: _Re
Courtney_ (1840) 4 Deac 27. Nevertheless, this exception certainly cannot be a
_carte blanche_ for any claimant without connection to the forum to seek
equity’s aid.

26 The English decision of _Lightning v Lightning Electrical Contractors Ltd_
[1998] EWHC Admin 431 (“ _Lightning v Lightning_ ”) cited by the defendants is
insightful. In that case, the first defendant company, Lightning Contractors,
bought immovable property in Scotland, which was registered in its name. The
first plaintiff, who was the managing director of Lightning Contractors,
claimed that Lightning Contractors held the property on resulting or
constructive trust for him as he had provided the whole of the purchase price
(the funds having been provided in England). Lightning Contractors, however,
contended that the law governing the issue of ownership of the immovable
property was the _lex situs_ , _ie_ , Scottish law. If English law applied to
the issue of ownership, there would be a presumption of resulting trust in
favour of the first plaintiff but this was not the position under Scottish
law.

27 The issue before the court was which law applied in regard to title to the
property in Scotland. For present purposes, what is relevant is the
explanation by Peter Gibson LJ (with whom Henry LJ agreed) about the scope of
the exception at paras 23–25. After reviewing the authorities on the exception
([12] _supra_), he said:

Mr  Lord said that these authorities go only to the question of jurisdiction
and do not go to the question of the applicable law. But, for my part, whilst
that may be correct, _it seems to me implicit that the English court not
unnaturally regarded English law as applicable to the relationship between the
parties before it in the absence of any event governed by the lex situs
destructive of the equitable interest being asserted_.

As is pointed by Millett LJ when sitting at first instance at Macmillan Inc v
Bishopsgate Trust (No 3) [1995] 1 WLR 978 at page 989 (commenting on Norris v
Chambres (1891) 29 Beavan, 246, affirmed 3 De Gex Fisher and Jones 583), where
a plaintiff invokes the in personam jurisdiction of the English court against
a defendant amenable to the jurisdiction and there is an equity between the
parties which the court can enforce, the English court will accept
jurisdiction and apply English law as the applicable law, even though the suit
relates to foreign land. In contrast if the equity which is asserted does not
exist between the parties to the English litigation, for example where there
has been a transfer of the property to a third party with notice of an equity
but by the _lex situs_ governing the transfer, the transfer extinguished the
plaintiff’s equity, the English court could not then give relief against the
third party even though he is within the jurisdiction.

It _would have been a complete answer to the plaintiff in Webb v Webb, if Mr
Lord's submission was correct, to say that English law relating to a resulting
trust had no application to the relationship between the parties in respect of
the property in France with its civil law system_. The point was not taken, in
my view rightly, because it is to my mind obvious that in that case _the
applicable law governing the relationship between the father and the son
arising out of what had occurred was English law and not French law_. So, in
my judgment, here too. Apart from the fact that the property to be purchased
was situated in Scotland, there is nothing to connect Scottish law with the
relationship between the persons concerned _,_ Mr Lightning and LEC who are
both resident in England. No event governed by Scottish law occurred whereby
any equity arising under English law was destroyed. [emphasis added]

28 To my mind, _Lightning v Lightning_ suggests a two-step reasoning process.
First, the court of equity must be satisfied of the connection of the dispute
with the forum, such that it will be reasonable to expect the defendant to
conform to the standards of equity of the forum. Second, if there is indeed
such a connection, the court will exercise its jurisdiction only if the _lex
situs_ has not extinguished the plaintiff’s equity: see also Dicey & Morris
([12] _supra_) at para 23-047.

29 Returning to _Webb v Webb_ ([14] _supra_), the court exercised jurisdiction
in that case because it was satisfied that the relationship between the father
and the son was connected to the English forum which thereby warranted the
court of equity’s assistance. The father and the son were English residents
and the father had provided the purchase money in England.

30 In the present case, the deceased was, and the first defendant is, resident
in Indonesia. They were married in Indonesia. The purchase money for the
properties was acquired in Indonesia. The present dispute arose out of
ancillary proceedings in a divorce commenced in Indonesia. I am not satisfied
that the parties were connected to this forum in a manner which would warrant
the court of equity’s assistance. In this light, it is unreasonable to expect
the defendants to conform to the standards of equity imposed by this court;
the _lex causae_ , as I will elaborate later, is Indonesian law. Accordingly,
the plaintiff fails _in_ _limine_ at the first hurdle.

31 Whilst it is therefore unnecessary for me to apply the second step, it
appears that there is an arguable case that the _lex situs_ may well
extinguish the plaintiff’s equity. It is common ground that the communal
property doctrine in Indonesia has an exception which allows one spouse to
have full entitlement to properties acquired as gifts or by inheritance. The
first defendant could have received the foreign properties as gifts and,
accordingly, would be fully entitled under Indonesian law to those properties.
This is, of course, not a foregone conclusion and it is unnecessary for my
holding that the exception ought not to apply in this case. The import of this
point is to emphasise how the circumstances of the present case would make the
court of equity hesitate in reaching out.

32 Even if I am incorrect in the preceding analysis, this court is not the
natural forum with regard to the properties in both Australia and Indonesia.

Natural forum

33 In _Eng Liat Kiang_ , the Court of Appeal considered the following factors
in deciding whether Singapore was the natural forum of the dispute: the
_situs_ of the properties, the _lex causae_ and the enforceability of the
remedy sought. The last factor may not be as important in the present case
since the plaintiff is seeking an account of moneys (mis)used, _viz_ , an _in
personam_ remedy, and this should not involve any change in ownership of the
land under Australian and Indonesian laws.

34 In seeking to persuade this court that Singapore is the natural forum, the
plaintiff is prepared to give an undertaking that she will be bound by this
court’s determination on all the assets involved and will not undertake
duplicate proceedings elsewhere. I also note that expert evidence on
Indonesian law would already be introduced before this court since the court
will be hearing the claims involving movables.

35 These practical considerations aside, the natural forum test as expounded
by the Court of Appeal in _Rickshaw Investments Ltd v Nicolai Baron von
Uexkull_ [2007] 1 SLR 377 behoves this court to balance countervailing
factors, such as the subject matter in dispute and more importantly, the _lex
causae_.

36 Little more need be said about the subject matter in dispute; I had
explained the special status of immovable properties ([15]–[16] _supra_). I
need only add that the Court of Appeal had emphasised in _Eng Liat Kiang_ at
107 that:

_Great weight_ should also be attached to the location of the subject matters
in dispute and the undesirability of a Singapore court in deciding issues
involving ownership of land in Malaysia. [emphasis added]

37 Turning to the _lex causae_ in the present case, the English cases that
applied the exception – _Webb v Webb_ and _Cook Industries Inc v Galliher_ –
both applied the _lex fori_.

38 Interestingly, in _Eng Liat Kiang_ , the Court of Appeal found the _lex
causae_ to be Malaysian; it stated (at 105) that the creation, existence and
validity of a trust over immovable property are governed by the _lex situs_.
It did not simply assume that Singapore law, as _lex fori_ , would govern the
dispute; the court preferred the _lex situs_ as the _lex causae_
notwithstanding that the claim was couched in equity. In other words, if the
Court of Appeal had decided to exercise jurisdiction in that case, it might
have had no qualms in applying a law other than the _lex fori_.

39 Given that the _lex fori_ (Singapore law) and the _lex causae_ (Malaysian
law) are largely similar, that approach might not have been regarded as
inappropriate. In any event, there is no such similarity here. In accordance
with my explanation of the relationship between jurisdiction and choice of law
earlier ([23]–[24] _supra_), the court’s jurisdiction over foreign immovables
in the first place is founded on an equity between the parties; this equity is
judged in accordance with the standards and conscience of the forum:
_Deschamps v Miller_ ([12] _supra_) at 863; Cheshire & North’s _Private
International Law_ (Butterworths, 13th Ed, 1999) at 379, _Dicey & Morris_
([12] _supra_) at para 23-042. In other words, if the forum exercises
jurisdiction over the dispute because in the view of its court of equity there
has been conduct which is unconscionable, it ought to follow that the court
will then apply its _own_ equitable standards and laws, and not some other
foreign law, to resolve the matter.

40 Put simply, if I was minded to assume jurisdiction over the immovables by
using the exception, it appears that I would have to apply the _lex fori_ ;
or, following _Eng Liat Kiang_ , at least a system of law largely similar to
the _lex fori_. This is precisely why the plaintiff invited me to apply
Singapore law with respect to the Indonesian properties and to apply
Australian law with respect to the Australian properties.

41 However, I am of the view that the application of the _lex fori_ to the
present case would be unsuitable. As the Court of Appeal made clear in
_Rickshaw Investments Ltd v Nicolai Baron von Uexkull_ ([35] _supra_), one
ought not simply apply the _lex fori_ in _every_ situation where a claim in
equity is made. Ultimately, the court has to look beyond the formulation of
the claim and identify the true issues thrown up by the claim: _Macmillan Inc
v Bishopsgate Investment Trust plc_ _(No 3)_ [1996] 1 WLR 387 at 407 _per_
Auld LJ. This is all the more imperative in situations where the parties seek
to make use of domestic concepts which may be absent in foreign law, as the
plaintiff has in the present case.

42 _Yeo_ at Chapter 5 of his book ([15] _supra_), makes the point that
domestic legal distinctions, _ie_ , legal or equitable, should not control the
choice of law process. In dealing with claims in equity, one must closely
analyse the substance of the claim to pick out whether an obligation or a
proprietary right was sought to be enforced. If the true issue in a case is
whether the transferor had intended to make a gift or had intended to retain
title, that may well be a question of property: see _Yeo_ at paras 6.05–6.08.

43 However, “the effect of matrimony on property is the subject of a separate
category of choice of law”: _Yeo_ at para 6.52. The heart of this dispute is
really who has better claim to properties acquired during a marriage
celebrated in Indonesia. This dispute arose pursuant to the divorce in
Indonesia. The defendants therefore argued that the _lex causae_ in this case
is the law of the matrimonial domicile, _viz_ , Indonesian law. I also note
that the Court of Appeal in _Murakami Takako v Wiryadi Louise Maria_ ([1]
_supra_) at [45] characterised the present dispute as a _matrimonial_ one, a
position which I had implicitly held as well.

44 As the defendants submitted, Rule 156 of _Dicey & Morris_ ([12] _supra_) at
p 1287 makes a forceful argument that the law of the matrimonial domicile is
the appropriate choice of law for _immovables_ , as well as movables. The use
of the _lex situs_ was rejected because it will result in the matrimonial
estate being juridically fragmented, there being a separate matrimonial
property regime for each piece of land in a different country. _Yeo_ ([15]
_supra_) at paras 6.52–6.53, also supports the use of the law of the
matrimonial domicile instead of the _lex situs_ , stating that husbands and
wives would expect their respective acquisitions to be subject to their
existing matrimonial property regime. Having regard to the true substance of
the case before me, I am satisfied that the choice of law rule to apply in
this case is that of the matrimonial domicile.

45 Accordingly, given my view that the _lex causae_ is really Indonesian law
(which is also echoed by the Australian court as explained below), I should
not exercise jurisdiction in this case because a corollary of exercising
jurisdiction under the exception is that the forum has to apply the _lex
fori_.

46 Another factor standing strongly against the defendants is that even in
relation to the Australian properties, the Australian courts themselves
declined to exercise jurisdiction – what more a Singaporean court. The Supreme
Court of New South Wales opined thus (at paras 48 to 51):

48 Mrs Murakami’s trust claims are based upon a finding that the New South
Wales properties are common marital property and non-disclosure to the
Indonesian courts. They also involve questions whether property purchased in
the name of another person is capable of being common marital property and
whether property purchased in the name of someone else with money that was
common marital property remains common marital property.

49 In this case not only is the law of the issues the law of Indonesia …

50 … Furthermore, it would be an invidious task for a New South Wales court to
make findings as to the sufficiency of the Indonesian Supreme Court common
marital property proceedings …

51 To my mind these considerations far outweigh the need for New South Wales
proceedings to enforce a judgment of the Indonesian courts or any limitations
in Indonesian court procedure and the fact that proceedings in Indonesia have
not been commenced. The lack of the concept of a trust under Indonesian law is
also outweighed by these considerations. The Indonesian courts clearly have
power to determine whether the New South Wales properties and the Australian
bank accounts are common marital property and, if so, to order Mrs Wiryadi,
Ryuji Murakami and Ryuzo Murakami to deliver up to Mrs Murakami such portion
of those assets as the courts think fit.

47 In conclusion, the preceding analysis has sought to elucidate the common
law’s approach in dealing with immovables by respecting the sovereign of a
country and leaving foreign courts to exercise dominion and jurisdiction over
their land. The position is not changed even if the plaintiff is seeking the
sale proceeds of the properties instead: _Dicey & Morris_ ([12] _supra_) at
para 23-063. Considering the overall matrix of the case, in my judgment,
justice between parties will not be jeopardised if I find that the natural
forum for the dispute over the foreign immovables is not Singapore.

48 I therefore allow the application with regard to the movables, _viz_ , the
two Westpac Bank accounts, but not for the foreign immovables in Australia and
Indonesia.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 01 Apr 2008 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

