Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Desert Palace Inc (doing business as Caesars Palace) v Poh Soon Kiat  
[2008] SGHC 144

Case Number | : | Suit 670/2007, RA 77/2008, 78/2008  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 02 September 2008  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Chan Seng Onn J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Foo Maw Shen and Daryl Ong and Ng Hui Min (Rodyk & Davidson LLP) for the plaintiff; Chou Sean Yu and Tan Yee Siong (WongPartnership LLP) for the defendant   
Parties | : |  Desert Palace Inc (doing business as Caesars Palace) — Poh Soon Kiat   
  
Betting, Gaming and Lotteries – Wagering contracts – Debtor borrowing moneys
in Las Vegas to gamble – Creditor obtaining foreign judgments to recover debt
– Creditor commencing present action to enforce foreign judgments – Whether
foreign wagering contract valid under foreign law unenforceable – Whether
present action brought to enforce foreign judgments obtained pursuant to
wagering contract prohibited – Sections 5(1) and 5(2) Civil Law Act (Cap 43,
1999 Rev Ed)  
  
Limitation of Actions – Particular causes of action – Enforcement of foreign
judgments – Creditor obtaining several foreign judgments to recover same debt
– Test to determine which judgment being enforced in present action – Whether
time bar for enforcement of foreign judgments six years or 12 years – Sections
6(1)(a) and 6(3) Limitation Act (Cap 163, 1996 Rev Ed)  
  

2 September 2008 |   
---|---  
  
Chan Seng Onn J :

Introduction

1 This was an appeal against the decision of the Assistant Registrar, Mr Teo
Guan Siew (“AR”), dismissing the plaintiff’s application for summary judgment
and allowing the defendant’s application to strike out the plaintiff’s
statement of claim. I allowed the appeal, set aside the decision of the AR and
granted summary judgment. The defendant appealed and I now give my reasons.

Background

2 The plaintiff carried on business as a hotel and casino in Las Vegas,
trading under the name of Caesars Palace. The plaintiff’s claim was filed on
19 October 2007 and was for a sum of US$4,378,927.63, being the balance of the
sum due to the plaintiff under a judgment of the Superior Court of the State
of California for the County of Santa Clara including post-judgment interest
and legal costs.

3 The defendant patronised Caesars Palace on various occasions between 1992
and 1998 and he incurred what he alleged were gambling debts. The plaintiff
said that the defendant was lent US$2,000,000 and had signed 10 markers or
cheques in exchange for gambling chips to enable him to play at the gambling
tables. The plaintiff therefore extended credit for gambling to the defendant.
The markers or cheques were evidence of his obligation to repay those monies
to the plaintiff. If the defendant lost at the gambling tables but paid for
the losses, the markers or cheques would be returned to him for destruction.
The defendant never paid cash to purchase the gambling chips for gambling. If
the defendant had paid cash to purchase the gambling chips, then there would
have been no extension of credit by the plaintiff to the defendant to gamble,
and in which event, he could return the chips (and any extra chips won at the
gambling tables) in exchange for cash. This was an important difference.

4 The plaintiff commenced proceedings in the District Court for Clark County,
Nevada, United States of America (“USA”) in Case No. A 390420 to recover the
monies lent and obtained default judgment for US$2,000,000 on **_29 March 1999
(the “Nevada Judgment”_**).

5 Subsequently, in proceedings in a sister state in the USA to enforce the
Nevada Judgment, the plaintiff also obtained judgment (another default
judgment) in Case No. CV 782287 on **_2 June 1999_** in the Superior Court of
the State of California for the County of Santa Clara in the total sum of
US$2,453,126.33 (**_the “First Judgment”_**).

6 The plaintiff and a co-plaintiff, Sheraton Desert Inn Corporation
(“Sheraton”) jointly issued fresh proceedings in the Superior Court of the
State of California for the County of Santa Clara in Case No. CV 789130 to set
aside the transfer of property by the defendant to a BVI corporation, Surepath
Development Limited (“Surepath”), the second defendant. On 11 February 1999,
the defendant had executed a deed for the transfer of a one third interest in
certain real property in California (the “property”) to Surepath. This
transfer was sought to be set aside as being a fraudulent conveyance aimed at
frustrating satisfaction of the Nevada Judgment, and a constructive trust was
sought to be imposed on Surepath.

7 Judgment was given on **_9 November 2001_** in default in the plaintiff’s
favour (**_the “Second Judgment”_**) whereby the transfer was set aside and
the property was to be sold in part or full satisfaction pro rata of
Sheraton’s judgment and Caesars’ First Judgment, with the defendant being
liable for any deficiency on the satisfaction of those judgments. The material
part of the Second Judgment that concerned this present action was the
following:

The proceeds of sale shall be applied pro-rata toward the Judgments referenced
in the previous paragraph [i.e. Sheraton’s judgment and Caesars’ First
Judgment] and if there are not sufficient proceeds from the sale to satisfy
the Judgments in full, then Defendant SOON KIAT POH shall remain liable for
any such deficiency on the Judgments.

8 Following the sale of the property, a total of US$130,119.35 was credited to
the plaintiff as against the First Judgment amount and the interest on that
sum. The “deficiency” under the Second Judgment stood at US$4,343,306.91. In
the present proceedings, the plaintiff sought to enforce the Second Judgment
against the defendant for this deficiency remaining unpaid.

9 The defendant raised the following defences in the present proceedings:

(a) The claim for payment of gaming debts incurred under a contract or
agreement by way of gaming or wagering was null and void under section 5(1) of
the Civil Law Act (“CLA”).

(b) The claim for recovery of a gambling debt which in essence was money won
upon a wager was prohibited and unenforceable under section 5(2) of the CLA.

(c) The claim was barred under section 6(1)(a) of the Limitation Act (“LA”)
since more than 6 years had passed since the debt accrued. The plaintiff had
characterised its claim as essentially an enforcement of the Second Judgment
in order to avoid the operative time bar.

10 For convenience, I now set out both section 5 of the CLA and section 6 of
the LA.

11 Section 5 of CLA provides as follows:

**Agreement by way of gaming or wagering to be null and void**

**5.** —(1) All contracts or agreements, whether by parol or in writing, by
way of gaming or wagering shall be null and void.

(2) No action shall be brought or maintained in the court for recovering any
sum of money or valuable thing alleged to be won upon any wager or which has
been deposited in the hands of any person to abide the event on which any
wager has been made.

.....

12 Section 6 of the LA provides that:

**Limitation of actions of contract and tort and certain other actions.  
**  
**6.** —(1) Subject to this Act, the following actions shall not be brought
after the expiration of 6 years from the date on which the cause of action
accrued:

(a) actions founded on a contract or on tort;

(b) actions to enforce a recognizance;

(c) actions to enforce an award;

(d) actions to recover any sum recoverable by virtue of any written law other
than a penalty or forfeiture or sum by way of penalty or forfeiture.

(2)…..

(3) An action upon any judgment shall not be brought after the expiration of
12 years from the date on which the judgment became enforceable and no arrears
of interest in respect of any judgment debt shall be recovered after the
expiration of 6 years from the date on which the interest became due.

Decision of the AR

13 The AR ruled in favour of the defendant on the ground that the plaintiff’s
claim was barred by section 6(1)(a) of the LA, under which no action founded
on a contract was to be brought 6 years from the date of accrual of the cause
of action. Similarly, an action founded upon an implied contract based on a
foreign judgment would be time barred (under section 6(1)(a) of the LA) after
6 years from the date of the foreign judgment. As this was sufficient to
dispose of the matter, the AR did not consider the other issues in the claim.

14 The AR stated that a common law action to enforce a foreign judgment would
proceed as an action to sue for the judgment debt on the basis of an implied
contract by the judgment debtor to pay the judgment debt. See _Westacre
Investments Inc v Yugoimport_ _–SDPR (also known as Jugoimport-SDPR)_ [2007] 1
SLR 501. The accrual of the cause of action would generally be the date when
the judgment debt (sued upon) came into being.

15 The AR further determined that Singapore Law, as the _lex fori_ , applied
to determine what was the judgment debt and when it accrued for the purpose of
section 3 (1) of the LA. In the AR’s view, the Second Judgment clearly sought
to enforce the judgment debt created by the First Judgment, or in fact the
Nevada Judgment before that, and that judgment debt accrued way back in 1999.
The AR ruled that notwithstanding that the plaintiff’s claim was clothed in
terms of the Second Judgment, in substance it was the judgment debt of 1999
that was sought to be enforced. As such, the action to enforce that judgment
debt by way of an implied contract was time barred under section 6(1)(a) of
the LA. The AR disregarded the evidence on foreign law.

16 Basically, the AR accepted the defence that more than six years had elapsed
since the principal debt accrued in Caesars Palace in Nevada, USA at the end
of 1998. In effect, the defendant’s position was that the plaintiff was suing
on the original debt he had incurred. The AR accordingly found that the action
was time barred in Singapore.

My analysis

17 My analysis would be structured as follows:

**_First question_** would be whether or not enforcement of the foreign
judgment (be it the Nevada, First or Second Judgment) by way of a common law
action was contrary to s 5(2) of the CLA. If it was unenforceable, then the
plaintiff’s claim must be dismissed and that would be the end of the matter.
But if it was enforceable, then the second question below must be answered.

**_Second question_** was whether the time bar for a common law action in
Singapore on a foreign judgment (be it the Nevada, First or Second Judgment)
was 12 years (pursuant to s 6 (3) of the LA) or 6 years (pursuant to s 6 (1)
(a) of the LA) from the date of accrual of the cause of action which would be
the date of issuance of the respective foreign judgments. This was a difficult
question in the light of the conflicting authorities cited to me. I would
pause to deal briefly with the significance of this question in relation to
the facts of this case.

18 This present action was filed just 3 weeks before the date of 6 years from
the Second Judgment. Hence, any common law action to sue in Singapore on the
Second Judgment as an implied contract by the judgment debtor to pay the
judgment debt would be within the limitation period of 6 years **_if_** the
applicable provision was s 6(1)(a) of the LA. It would also be within the
limitation period of 12 years **_if_** s 6(3) of the LA were to be construed
to be applicable not only to an action upon a domestic judgment but also to an
action in Singapore upon a foreign judgment. Essentially, no time bar applied
in any event in relation to an action founded upon the Second Judgment.

19 However, if the court were to consider the present action of the plaintiff
to be in substance an action taken to enforce the earlier Nevada Judgment or
the First Judgment, both of which were rendered more than 6 years but less
than 12 years from the date this present action was filed, then the present
action would be time barred if the applicable provision was s 6(1)(a), but not
time barred if the applicable provision was s 6(3).

20 Hence, if I should determine that the applicable provision for the time bar
was s 6(3) and the time bar was therefore 12 years, there would be no need to
proceed to the third question below. The plaintiff’s claim would have to be
allowed and there would be no necessity to discuss which judgment the
plaintiff was enforcing in substance by way of an action upon a foreign
judgment because the time bar even for the earliest of the three foreign
judgments (i.e. the Nevada Judgment) would only set in after the year 2011.
The third question would then be of academic interest only.

21 However, if the applicable time bar provision was indeed s 6(1)(a) and not
s 6(3), the time bar would then be much shorter at 6 years. The third question
below would no longer be moot but would have to be carefully examined and
answered before any final outcome of the plaintiff’s claim could be
determined.

**_Third question_** : was the present suit essentially an action upon the
Second Judgment or was it to be considered essentially as an action upon the
Nevada Judgment because the gambling debt had originated in Nevada, and the
First and Second Judgment stemmed from the Nevada Judgment? If the time bar
for a fresh action upon a foreign judgment was indeed 6 years as prescribed
under s 6(1)(a) of the LA and the present action was effectively an action
upon the Nevada Judgment (or even the First Judgment), the plaintiff’s action
must be dismissed as the action would be time barred. But if it was to be
construed as an action upon the Second Judgment, then the plaintiff’s claim
must still be allowed. To answer the third question, the court would also have
to consider whether the common law action upon the Second Judgment (a judgment
of the Californian Court) stood alone as a fresh cause of action, which was
independent of both the Nevada Judgment and the First Judgment. A subsidiary
question would be whether the court should decide this latter issue based on
Singapore Law or Californian Law.

First question: whether S 5(2) of the CLA precluded an action upon a foreign
judgment on a gambling debt?

22 The plaintiff characterised the contract between itself and the defendant
as one for a loan or for sums advanced to the defendant. The defendant said
that in reality, it was a gaming or wagering contract because the sole purpose
the defendant was extended or advanced such sums was to allow him to gamble at
Caesars Palace. The markers or cheques on which the plaintiff made its claim
were not cheques in the ordinary sense but constituted evidence of the
gambling debt incurred when the defendant lost at the gaming tables. The
defendant thus submitted that it was a contract by way of gaming and wagering.

23 The defendant strenuously argued that section 5(2) of the CLA applied to
preclude the claim of the plaintiff because the claim was based on a gambling
debt. In support, the defendant relied on the passages in the judgment
delivered by Yong CJ in _Star Cruise Services Ltd v Overseas Union Bank Ltd_
[1999] 3 SLR 412:

3 ... Alan Teo and Siak were registered with SIS as VIP customers. To induce
Alan Teo to gamble he was given a credit-line. It was an arrangement of ‘lose
first and pay later’. … The plaintiffs gave a credit-line to SIS with a limit
of $2m and SIS extended a subsidiary credit-line to Alan Teo. Alan Teo’s limit
in 1995 was $20,000. It increased gradually and in 1997 it was $600,000. In
practice, however, this limit was not observed. In February 1997 his gambling
debt due to SIS was $700,000. In June 1997 it was $970,435. In December 1997
it was $432,590.

4 The losses payable by Alan Teo were referred to as loans. Names were but
convenient labels. The word ‘loan’ was a euphemistic description of gambling
losses under a ‘play-now-pay-later’ scheme. If there was no loss there was no
debt nor loan. When there was a loss a gambling debt would appear and in
‘casino-speak’ it would be called a loan.

24 It was held at [53]:

53 The _Ward_ , _Green_ and _Freeman_ cases are clear authorities for the
proposition that where a casino or its proxy does not actually hand over money
or effectively pays the losses on behalf of the loser, the losses are not
recoverable as loans.

25 And at [68] - [69]:

68 First the purpose of s 6 is not to prohibit games and wagering or make them
illegal. … all gaming and wagering are lawful. At the same time they are not
valid. They are all void. Section 6 recognises the social and entertainment
value of gaming and betting and does not seek to suppress them … All gaming
and wagering debts are debts of honour. The law does not interfere with or
proscribe honour among the players. There is no prohibition against payment of
the loss provided the debt is met with honest money. However, what the law
does object is their coming to the courts to settle their disputes and it
manifests its objection by making all contracts and agreements by way of
gaming void. In the result they are devoid of all legal effect. Gaming debts
are not legal debts. The courts of justice are out of bounds to claims based
on gaming or wagering because no action can be brought or maintained to
enforce them. The doors of justice are closed to them. Sections 6(2) and (5)
have clamped down on credit gambling by denying legal remedy to enforce gaming
debts and securities based on them. It has done so for public policy reasons
with a history of some 450 years.

69 Next, the phrase ‘by way of’ is an idiomatic expression indicating, the
channel or medium through which money is intended to flow from the pocket of
one gambler to that of another. It includes the accessory contracts before the
actual game and derivative contracts after the play. In the case of a
composite-contract, if the gaming contract is the central or matrix contract,
the whole composite-contract comprising the central, accessory and derivative
contracts are voided and affected by s 6. The composite-contract would form a
single gaming contract. See _Lipkin Gorman v Karpnale_ [1991] 2 AC 548
(HL)**.** Accordingly, when faced with a gaming transaction, having regard to
s 9A of the Interpretation Act, one must take the scene in its totality and
determine what the true nature of the contract is and give effect to s 6 to
promote its purpose and object.

26 Finally, at [125] - [126], it was held:

125 … As I have demonstrated, the chips contracts and issue of cheques were
necessary accessories to the actual gaming and are part and parcel of gaming
in casinos. In casino parlance a gaming debt was gratuitously named as a loan.

126 First, the alleged loan was a fiction. On the evidence before me no money
ever passed from the plaintiffs to the defendants or Alan Teo. The loan was
another label for gaming debt. The true nature of what took place was that
Alan Teo was allowed to gamble on credit. He had a credit line and did not
have to pay the gambling losses immediately. Sometimes the debt was
acknowledged by the issue of cheques and later substituted them for cashier`s
orders. This does not alter the true nature of the transaction. The cheques
themselves were worthless. A wolf in lamb`s clothing at all times remains a
wolf.

27 In _Quek Chiau Beng v Phua Swee Pah Jimmy_ [2001] 1 SLR 762, where a junket
operator sued a gambler for monies which arose from losses at the Crown
Casino, Selvam J held at [8]:

A loss cannot be disguised as a loan or sales contract to circumvent the
gaming section.

28 The defendant contended that the following were features of the modus
operandi in _Star Cruise_ which also appeared in Caesars Palace:

1) the gamblers were given an increasing credit line to gamble - an
arrangement of 'lose first, pay later';

2) the losses were referred to as loans but the casino did not actually hand
over money or effectively pay the losses on behalf of the loser;

3) the gaming contract was the central contract - the chips and the issue of
cheques were necessary accessories to the actual gaming, and were part and
parcel of gaming in the casino.

29 The defendant therefore submitted that despite the plaintiff's attempt to
characterise the debt as that for a loan, the truth of the matter was that it
was a gaming contract. The court was obliged to look into the essence of
foreign transactions and to re-characterise a transaction according to the law
of Singapore.

30 The defendant next referred me to _Star City Pty Ltd (fka Sydney Harbour
Casino Pty Ltd) v Tan Hong Woon_ [2002] 2 SLR 22 (“ _Star City_ ”), where the
Court of Appeal rejected the claim of a casino for recovery of sums loaned to
a gambler. The background facts were set out at [2] - [3] of the judgment of
Yong CJ:

2 … A patron who has been granted a credit facility hands over a cheque to the
casino in exchange for a chip purchase voucher (‘CPV’) of an equivalent value.
The CPV will then be exchanged for chips for gaming at the tables. If the
patron does not have his personal cheques with him, he may request to make use
of counter cheques, known as ‘house cheques’. A house cheque is simply a
document printed on a format which has been pre-approved … The patron can
redeem his cheque by exchanging it with cash, bank drafts, CPV, chips or via
the electronic transfer of funds of an equivalent value. If the cheque is not
redeemed within the applicable time period, Star City will then present the
cheque for payment. Without the CCF (cheque cashing facility), the patron will
not be able to gamble at the casino unless he has enough cash in hand to pay
for the gambling chips or has sufficient funds in his cash deposit account.

3 The respondent, Mr Tan, is a seasoned gambler and a regular patron of Star
City Casino. Between February 1996 to March 1998, he visited and gambled at
the casino on at least 28 occasions and was treated by the casino as a ‘valued
patron’. Mr Tan was also granted the use of the casino’s CCF in February 1996.
In March 1998, Star City provided Mr Tan and his wife with two complimentary
air tickets to Sydney as well as a complimentary suite at their hotel for a
few days. Between 26 and 28 March 1998, Mr Tan signed and handed over to Star
City five house cheques, each for the sum of AU$50,000, in exchange for CPVs
and promptly proceeded to lose the entire sum of AU$250,000. When these house
cheques were presented to Mr Tan’s bank for payment, all five were dishonoured
for lack of sufficient funds in his bank account. Subsequently Mr Tan made
good to the casino AU$55,160, leaving the sum of AU$194,840 unpaid. The
appellant is now seeking to recover this sum as unpaid loans made to the
respondent to enable him to gamble at their casino.

31 At [28] - [29], Yong CJ held:

28 To begin with, it is clear that the enforcement of a right or a cause of
action is a matter for the forum. The lex fori does not interfere in the
validity of the transaction but as the place where the action is being
brought, it has the right to determine the situations when foreign causes of
action can be enforced. It is an established principle of private
international law that the courts of the forum will not enforce a foreign
cause of action that is contrary to local public policy.

29 We are of the view that in order to determine whether the enforcement of a
foreign cause of action would be contrary to forum policy, the court must
necessarily apply its mind and the lex fori to determine its true substance.
Otherwise, the forum would no longer be master of its own home and local
public policy concerns easily circumvented by ‘forum-shopping’. There is
another way to support this conclusion. We have earlier concluded that s 5(2)
is a procedural provision which applies whenever foreign causes of action are
being enforced in Singapore. The clear and peremptory words of s 5 of the CLA
make clear that it is intended by the legislature to be a forum mandatory
provision which parties cannot avoid by contracting out of. Our courts must
hence pay attention to the essence of foreign transactions and must forcefully
resist all attempts to evade the provisions of the CLA. We are further
supported in our conclusion by s 9A of the Interpretation Act (Cap 1, 1999 Ed)
which requires the court, in the interpretation of a statutory provision, to
prefer a purposive interpretation which would promote the purpose or object
underlying the written law (whether that purpose or object is expressly stated
in the written law or not) to an interpretation that would not promote that
purpose or object. Putting the two principles together, it follows that the
courts of the forum are entitled to re-characterise a transaction according to
the law and logic of the lex fori. Unlike what Star City contends, we consider
that the trial judge was, in principle, fully justified to look into the
reality of the transaction so as to determine whether s 5(2) of the CLA
applied. The fact that a sum of money won on a wagering contract is valid and
enforceable under the laws of New South Wales should not prevent the Singapore
courts from declining to aid in its enforcement, if to do so would be contrary
to the public policy of Singapore.

32 At [31], Yong CJ declared clearly the applicable public policy:

31 However, what is objectionable is courts being used by casinos to enforce
gambling debts disguised in the ‘form’ of loans. Valuable court time and
resources that can be better used elsewhere are wasted on the recovery of such
unmeritorious claims. The machinery of the courts cannot be used indirectly to
legitimise the recovery of moneys won upon wagers overseas when similar relief
would be refused for moneys won upon wagers in Singapore. Hence in order to
give full effect to s 5(2) of the CLA, which provides that no action can be
brought or maintained to enforce gambling debts, the courts of the forum
cannot be prevented by foreign law from investigating into the true nature of
the transaction. The courts of justice must remain out of bounds to claims for
moneys won upon wagers, however cleverly or covertly disguised: _Star Cruise
Services v Overseas Union Bank_ (supra). It is in this sense that the earlier
decision in _Las Vegas Hilton Corp v Khoo Teng Hock Sunny_ (supra) can be
distinguished; having felt that there is no public policy against gambling per
se, the court naturally did not go further to re-characterise the transaction.
However, once it is recognised that the courts should not, as a matter of
principle and public policy, act as gambling debt collectors for foreign
casinos, we are then obliged to investigate further according to the lex fori.

33 Yong CJ then found at [35] - [37] that the "cheque" facility offered by the
casino were not genuine loans:

35 We now turn to consider the nature of the transaction. Several features of
the cheque-cashing facility that had been offered by Star City to Mr Tan
should be noted:

(1) The chips are worthless outside the casino and are mere counters.

(2) No moneys were ever actually advanced by the casino. Star City only gave
the gambler the right to play at the tables upon presentation of the house
cheques.

(3) Any moneys that were lost were made good by the gambler and not Star City.

36 Chips are regarded as cash in Star City casino and have to be used to
gamble at the tables. Therefore a gambler patron has to exchange cash or
money’s worth for the chips. We are of the view that the chips placed on the
gaming tables represent the moneys paid in advance by the gamblers to the
casino by the cheques, although the actual transfer of funds will come later.
Therefore the chips lost at the tables represented the gambling losses of the
patron. He will have to make good his gambling losses to the casino and not to
anyone else. Although cheques are to remain uncashed and can be redeemed upon
‘re-payment’ by gamblers within a period of ten days, this is only a deferred
form of payment to give gamblers time to ensure that they have sufficient
funds to repay their gambling losses in their bank accounts. The CCF facility
provided by Star City to their patrons cannot be genuine loans because the
facility merely enables them to gamble on credit and not for any other
purpose.

37 The converse conclusion will mean having to classify the exchange of the
cheque for the chips as a sale; for which the casino is giving loan credit on
the security of the cheque pending redemption and the gambling at the tables
as a transaction that is independent and unconnected to the first. This is
against logic and principle: what would a gambler want with the chips except
to use them for gambling and gambling alone? A broad view of things must be
taken, and this points towards the cheques being used to pay for the gaming
chips and any money to be recovered by the casinos as money won/lost upon a
wager rather than a true loan: _Lipkin Gorman v Karpnale_ [1991] 2 AC 548;
[1992] 4 All ER 512. The exchange of a cheque for a CPV and chips is an
essential part of the composite gambling contract. It is the means by which
gambling is to take place rather than a true security for credit; a ‘play now
and pay later’ scheme. For the above reasons, we agree with the trial judge
that the sum of AU$194,840 was money that Star City had won from Mr Tan on a
wagering contract rather than a genuine loan.

34 Yong CJ affirmed that it was for the forum to decide on the
characterisation of the transaction. He held at [38]:

38 ... The fact that the gambler has stated that he believes that he owes the
casino moneys lent to him for the purposes of gambling cannot convert what is
essentially money lost in wagers into something else. The overriding test must
be the essence of the transaction itself as determined by the courts of the
forum.

35 Finally, at [39], Yong CJ held:

39 … s 5(2) of the CLA is a procedural section which was legislated to relieve
our courts from the burden of adjudicating upon both local and foreign
gambling contracts. Star City’s claim against Mr Tan being in essence an
action to recover money lost upon a wager falls within s 5(2) and is
unenforceable in Singapore. Neither can Star City claim upon the dishonoured
cheques as the recovery on the underlying gambling contract is contrary to
public policy.

36 In extensive reliance on the above authorities, the defendant accordingly
submitted that despite the imposition of a foreign judgment (whether the
Nevada Judgment, the First Judgment or the Second Judgment), the court was
entitled to look into the underlying transaction which founded the said
judgment. The foreign judgment merely created an implied contract which the
plaintiff was now suing upon in this court.

37 The defendant further submitted that were the court to look into the
essence of the transaction between the plaintiff and the defendant, the
irresistible conclusion must be that the plaintiff sued upon a gaming or
wagering contract concluded in Nevada, USA and the monies it was now seeking
to recover here in Singapore were in fact monies won upon a wager. The court
should not allow the plaintiff to circumvent section 5(2) of the CLA merely
because it had obtained a foreign judgment.

**_The application of section 5 of the CLA_**

38 In my view, if the plaintiff had sued in Singapore in reliance on the facts
as set out above in [3], the plaintiff would clearly have an uphill task in
persuading the court to find in its favour that it was in reality not an
action brought for recovering monies won upon a wager. It did not matter that
the transaction took place in a foreign jurisdiction in which action for the
recovery of such monies (though prohibited in Singapore) would have been
nevertheless legally enforceable in that foreign jurisdiction. If the action
before me was simply to enforce the debt premised on the facts in [3], I would
have immediately dismissed it as the Court of Appeal decisions cited by the
defendant were binding on me and the material facts in the present case were
indistinguishable from the facts in those cases.

39 Section 5(1) applied only to gaming and wagering contracts made in
Singapore (and perhaps also in my view to contracts governed by Singapore law)
and in this respect was therefore not relevant to the present case: see _Star
City_ at [4]. However, claims brought on contracts, whether made outside or
within Singapore, to recover monies won upon any wager would fall within s
5(2) and would be procedurally rendered unenforceable in Singapore (regardless
whether it was lawful at the place where it was made) as was decided in _Star
City_.

40 But counsel for the defendant had not been able to cite a Court of Appeal
decision binding on me that had interpreted section 5 (2) to bar procedurally
**_a claim or an action brought upon a foreign judgment which was founded upon
a gambling debt_** , as opposed to a claim or an action to enforce a gaming
contract or to recover monies pursuant to the gambling debt itself. A gambling
debt must be distinguished from a judgment debt though founded upon a gambling
debt. Since the plaintiff very wisely chose not to sue directly in the
Singapore courts to recover the gambling debt, but instead sued and obtained
various foreign judgments in various overseas jurisdictions, the factual
circumstances were therefore entirely different. Apart from enlightening the
court on what was the public policy position in relation to the recovery in
Singapore of gambling debts incurred overseas, the numerous gambling cases
cited to me by counsel for the defendant were therefore not directly on point
and were not applicable to the case at hand because the plaintiff did not sue
on the gambling debt in Singapore but sued on the foreign judgment he had
obtained. The defendant argued that there should be no material difference
between suing on the gambling debt incurred overseas and suing on the foreign
judgment based on the same gambling debt. I rejected the defendant’s argument.
An action in Singapore to recover an overseas gambling debt was in my view
materially very different from an action in Singapore upon a foreign judgment,
although the cause of action underpinning that foreign judgment might be the
same overseas gambling debt incurred by the defendant. The valid, final and
conclusive foreign judgment **_itself_** was the basis of the present cause of
action before me. In my view, an application could be made for summary
judgment on the ground that there was no defence to this form of common law
action in Singapore upon the foreign judgment. I further held that the issue
whether or not a foreign judgment was “valid, final and conclusive” as between
the parties must be answered not from the perspective of Singapore law but
must be answered based on the laws of the foreign jurisdiction in which the
court issuing that foreign judgment was sited. Expert evidence on foreign law
must be led on this issue, which had to be determined as a question of fact in
the Singapore court in accordance with the law of evidence in Singapore. Since
counsel for the parties had not raised any issue in relation to whether the
Second Judgment and for that matter the Nevada Judgment and the First Judgment
were valid, final and conclusive foreign judgments, I assumed that they were
and I did not have to decide this question of fact on the basis of the
respective laws of Nevada and California.

41 I would now deal with the important question: whether an action in
Singapore upon a valid, final and conclusive foreign judgment (which in turn
was based on a successful claim on a gambling debt incurred in the foreign
jurisdiction and adjudicated by a foreign court having the competent
jurisdiction to do so) was an action that could not be brought or maintained
in court pursuant to section 5(2) of the CLA.

42 The closest authority on the facts was the Court of Appeal decision in
_Liao Eng Kiat v Burswood Nominees Ltd_ [2004] 4 SLR 690 (“ _Burswood_ ”).
This decision, although not directly on point, was instrumental in guiding me
to the determination of this question in favour of the plaintiff, _i.e.
section_ 5(2) of the CLA did not bar a common law action in Singapore upon a
foreign judgment based on a foreign gambling debt.

43 In the case of _Burswood_ , the Court of Appeal considered whether a
default judgment of the Supreme Court of Western Australia should be
registered in Singapore under the Reciprocal Enforcement of Commonwealth
Judgments Act (Cap 264) (“RECJA”). Briefly, the facts were that Liao Eng Kiat
(“Liao”) utilised the cheque cashing facility of Burswood casino in Perth,
Australia, and issued his personal cheque for A$50,000 to the casino in
exchange for a chip purchase voucher of that value. Liao then exchanged the
voucher for A$50,000 worth of gambling chips, which he lost at the casino
tables. The personal cheque was dishonoured upon presentation. Burswood later
sued upon the dishonoured cheque in the District Court of Western Australia
and obtained a default judgment against Liao. Essentially, the default
judgment had been entered on a claim made for recovery of monies payable under
a dishonoured cheque which had been given to the casino by the plaintiff in
exchange for a chip purchase voucher. In substance, it was a gambling debt
owed to the casino. Burswood successfully applied for registration of the
judgment in the Singapore High Court under the RECJA. Liao then applied to set
aside the registration on the basis that s 5(2) of the CLA and s 3(2)(f) of
the RECJA precluded the registration on grounds of public policy.

44 Section 3(2)(f) of the RECJA reads as follows:

No judgment shall be ordered to be registered under this section if the
judgment was in respect of a cause of action which for reasons of public
policy or for some other similar reason could not have been entertained by the
registering court.

45 It might be worth noting that a similar provision exists in the Reciprocal
Enforcement of Foreign Judgments Act (Cap 265) (“REFJA”):

**Cases in which registered judgments must or may be set aside**

**5.** —(1) On an application in that behalf duly made by any party against
whom a registered judgment may be enforced, the registration of the judgment —

(a) shall be set aside if the registering court is satisfied —

(v) that the enforcement of the judgment would be contrary to public policy in
the country of the registering court;

46 The Court of Appeal decided that _Burswood_ ’s claim in Australia had been
for money won upon a wager within the ambit of section 5(2) of the CLA. The
Court of Appeal re-affirmed the approach taken in _Star City_ in re-
characterising Burswood's claim on Liao's dishonoured cheque as money won upon
a wager, notwithstanding that a judgment was entered in a foreign court based
on a different cause of action as pleaded in those proceedings. Yong CJ held
at [14]-[17]:

14 It is settled law that whilst s 5(1) of the CLA only renders the original
wagering or gaming contract null and void, s 5(2) strikes down as
unenforceable all other contracts to pay the sum won upon a wager. As we
pointed out in _Star City_ , the success of the casino’s claim depended on the
characterisation of the transaction in question. If the transaction was
characterised as a loan, the action on the loan itself would succeed as long
as the loan was valid under its governing law. In contrast, if the court
characterised the transaction as an action to recover money won upon a
wagering contract, s 5 of the CLA would preclude recovery of the money.

16 … Burswood sought to obviate this problem by persuading us that we were not
free to re-characterise Burswood’s claim. Instead, Burswood said that we
should limit ourselves to the causes of action contained in the Australian
judgment. In other words, this court should only consider whether the original
causes of action based on dishonour of a cheque and breach of the CCF were
against Singapore public policy. We had no difficulty dismissing this
argument. We were of the opinion that we were entitled to look beyond the
technical causes of action before the Australian court to the context in which
these causes of action arose when deciding whether s 3(2)(f) should apply to
preclude registration of the Australian judgment.

47 The court did not, however, decide whether or not under s 5 of the CLA, the
fact that the substantive claim before a foreign court was basically a claim
derived from a gambling debt, _per se_ , would bar the enforcement by way of
an action in Singapore based on the foreign judgment derived from that
gambling debt. Rather, the court went on to consider whether or not the
domestic rule of public policy in s 5 of the CLA led to the conclusion that
enforcement was excluded by s 3(2)(f) of the RECJA, because the foreign
judgment:

was “in respect of a cause of action which for reasons of public policy or for
some other similar reason could not have been entertained by the registering
court”. (at [23], quoting s.3(2)(f) RECJA)

48 I agreed with counsel for the plaintiff that it was thus implicit in the
reasoning of the Court of Appeal that s 5(2) CLA did not operate _directly_ to
preclude **_claims to enforce judgments_** entered in actions to recover
monies pursuant to gaming contracts. Indeed, in _Burswood_ the Court of Appeal
distinguished the case of _Star City_ on the basis that, whereas in _Star
City_ the claim was brought on the dishonoured cheque, in _Burswood_ the
plaintiff had already obtained judgment and was seeking to have that judgment
registered for the purpose of enforcement.

49 It was noteworthy what the Court of Appeal had observed at [42] –[46]:

42 It remained for us to decide whether our domestic public policy, which has
thus far seen our courts set their face against the enforcement of gambling
debts, is so important as to form part of the core of essential principles of
justice and morality shared by all nations, thus raising it to the level of
“international” public policy. We were not so persuaded.

43 First, the various cases discussed earlier in this judgment indicate quite
clearly that other nations do not view the recognition of foreign judgments on
gambling debts as being against fundamental principles of justice and morality

…

45 As we recognised two years ago, gambling per se is not contrary to the
public interest in Singapore. To date, the stand we took in _Star City_ has
been bolstered by the fact that Singapore’s societal attitudes towards
gambling have evolved even further, as evinced by the fact that the Government
is giving serious consideration to the idea of building a casino on the island
of Sentosa. In this respect, we found this passage from Intercontinental
_Hotels Corporation (Puerto Rico) v Golden_ 15 NY 2d 9 (1964) at 14–15
instructive:

Public policy is not determinable by mere reference to the laws of the forum
alone. Strong public policy is found in prevailing social and moral attitudes
of the community. … It seems to us that, if we are to apply the strong public
policy test to the enforcement of the plaintiff’s rights under the gambling
laws of the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, we should measure them by the
prevailing social and moral attitudes of the community which is reflected not
only in the decisions of our courts in the Victorian era but sharply
illustrated in the changing attitudes of the People of the State of New York.
The legalization of pari-mutuel betting and the operation of bingo games, as
well as a strong movement for legalized off-track betting, indicate that the
New York public does not consider authorized gambling a violation of “some
prevalent conception of good morals (or), some deep-rooted tradition of the
common weal.”

46 We did not think that there were any public policy grounds militating
against registration of the Australian judgment which would offend a
fundamental principle of justice or a deep-rooted tradition of Singapore.
Neither did we have any evidence before us to indicate that the general
community in Singapore would be offended by the registration of a foreign
judgment on a gambling debt that was incurred in a licensed casino. If
anything, we were of the opinion that the prevalent conception of good morals
in the Singaporean community at large would be against Singaporeans who ran up
gambling debts in overseas jurisdictions and sought to evade their
responsibility for those debts when judgment had been issued against them.

50 The Court of Appeal upheld the registration of Burswood's foreign judgment.
Burwood’s registered judgment would thereafter have the same force and effect,
and execution and other enforcement proceedings might be taken thereon, as if
it had been a judgment of the Singapore court originally entered upon the date
of registration. The Court of Appeal held that the exception under s 3(2)(f)
of the RECJA would not have applied to preclude the registration of Burswood's
foreign judgment. A higher standard of public policy applied under the RECJA
before refusing registration of a foreign judgment.

51 I agreed with counsel for the plaintiff that there was no sensible reason
for distinguishing between the relevant public policy considerations at common
law and under statute for enforcement action upon a foreign judgment obtained
on a gambling debt. Indeed the Court of Appeal’s discussion of public policy
began with and was based upon an examination of common law principles: see
[26] – [32], and the Court of Appeal, after a survey of the approach taken by
foreign courts, said:

32 A survey of these cases made it apparent that there is a higher standard of
public policy in operation when a forum court is faced with a foreign
judgment, as opposed to a domestic issue being litigated for the first time in
the forum court. Foreign courts appear very reluctant to invoke the expedient
of “public policy” to justify a refusal to recognise a foreign judgment, even
if their domestic public policy would have precluded enforcement of the
underlying claim.

52 Recognition of a foreign judgment for the purposes of its enforcement in
Singapore in reality and in substance extended, in my view, to allowing an
action upon a foreign judgment to obtain a substantive Singapore judgment so
that execution and other modes of enforcement under it may proceed. A claim
may therefore be brought at common law in Singapore premised on an implied
debt created by that foreign judgment for the same purpose of achieving
“enforcement” so to speak of that foreign judgment in Singapore. It should not
matter whether the foreign judgment was one where reciprocal arrangements had
allowed a simpler process of “enforcement” by way of registration or one where
common law action must invariably be taken upon the foreign judgment for the
purpose of “enforcement” because no such reciprocal arrangements existed.

53 After a careful consideration of principles and the public policy grounds
elucidated in _Burswood,_ I held that s 5(2) of the CLA did not preclude the
plaintiff’s claim in this case. Had s 5 (2) procedurally precluded recovery
based on an action upon the foreign judgment (of a Commonwealth state) entered
on the “gambling debt” as characterised by the Singapore court, then s 3(2)(f)
of the RECJA would have applied and that foreign judgment would not likely be
registrable because it would have been “in respect of a cause of action which
**_for reasons of public policy_** or **_for some other similar reason_**
could not have been entertained by the registering court.”

54 Further and for reasons based on the doctrine of comity of nations in
relation to the recognition of the judgments of the courts of a foreign
jurisdiction as being “enforceable” by way of a separation action in Singapore
(irrespective whether the process of its registration as a Singapore judgment
was available), I did not believe that the public policy in Singapore ought to
favour the evasion of foreign judgments by persons who borrowed money abroad
for the purpose of gambling abroad and after having lost those borrowed money
on gambling thereafter sought to evade responsibility for those foreign
judgment debts after judgment in a foreign court had been successfully
obtained against them. International comity also meant that foreign court
judgments should be accorded appropriate levels of deference and respect.

55 I did not think that the law would be seen to make much sense when a
gambler would have to face, in Singapore, the consequences of having to repay
a judgment debt arising out of his gambling debt just because he happened to
gamble in a casino in a country forming a part of the Commonwealth; but he
would simply be able to walk away completely free from those judgment debts if
he fortuitously incurred his gambling debts in a casino in a non-Commonwealth
state, because the casino there would never be able to enforce in Singapore
any foreign court judgment entered on that gambling debt by way of an action
in Singapore upon the judgment debt since that non-registrable foreign
judgment had been grounded on a gambling debt incurred in the non-Commonwealth
state. If so, then the liability to pay the gambling debt essentially depended
on whether he gambled and lost on borrowed money in a casino in a Commonwealth
State or a non-Commonwealth State. And if it was a non-Commonwealth State, it
would further depend on whether or not the foreign judgment on the gambling
debt was registrable under the REFJA. If it was registrable under the REFJA,
he would not be able to walk free of the gambling debt but he would walk free
if the foreign judgment would not be registrable. If that was how the public
policy in Singapore was going to work, then it would be quite extraordinary in
my view. I would rather prefer to adopt a view of public policy in relation to
enforcement of foreign judgments on gambling debts that would result in a
similar, consistent and sensible outcome (a) regardless where the gambling
debt was incurred and whether the foreign judgments were from the courts of
those States with or without reciprocal enforcement arrangements under either
the RECJA or the REFJA; and (b) irrespective of the mode of enforcement of the
foreign judgment that would be allowed under Singapore law. In summary,
section 5(2) CLA should not debar a common law action in Singapore upon a
foreign judgment founded on a gambling debt or debar a registration of such a
foreign judgment under the RECJA or the REFJA as the case may be for the
purpose of its enforcement.

56 I therefore rejected the submission of the defendant’s counsel that when a
foreign judgment was sued upon in Singapore as an implied contractual debt (as
opposed to enforcement through registration pursuant to some reciprocal
enforcement provisions), the public policy prohibition as encapsulated under s
5(2) of the CLA should apply to strike down such an action because there
existed a fundamental difference between an action based upon a foreign
judgment and an application to register a foreign judgment under either the
RECJA or the REFJA for enforcement purposes.

Second question: is the time bar for action upon a foreign judgment 6 or 12
years?

57 Section 6(3) of the LA clearly states that an action upon any judgment
should not be brought after the expiration of 12 years from the date on which
the judgment became enforceable.

58 The critical issue here would be whether “an action upon **_any judgment_**
” in s 6(3) included a foreign judgment or was it limited only to a Singapore
judgment. If the words “any judgment” included a foreign judgment, then the
time bar for an action upon the foreign judgment in Singapore would not be 6
years but would be 12 years. However, if the words “any judgment” excluded a
foreign judgment and was limited only to a domestic judgment, then the time
bar for enforcement of a foreign judgment by way of an action brought at
common law to enforce the implied contract or promise to pay the foreign
judgment debt would be governed by s 6(1)(a), in which case the time bar would
be 6 years.

**_Meaning of “an action upon any judgment”; and “execution” versus “action”
upon a judgment in relation to s 6(3) of the LA_**

59 In _Lowsley v Forbes (t/a L.E. Design Services)_ [1998] 3 W.L.R. 501, the
plaintiffs, with the leave of the court, obtained garnishee and charging
orders nisi against the debtor eleven-and-a half years after they had obtained
a consent judgment. The House of Lords upheld the decision of the Court of
Appeal refusing the application by the judgment debtor to set aside the orders
on the ground that they were statute-barred under s 24(1) of the UK Limitation
Act 1980. The House of Lords held that the word “action” in s 24(1) meant a
fresh action upon a judgment for another substantive judgment and did not
include proceedings by way of execution, which could still proceed despite the
expiration of more than six years from the judgment. Accordingly, the section
did not bar execution of a judgment after six years, but only barred the
bringing of a fresh action on the judgment. Lord Lloyd cited with approval the
ruling of Brandon J in _Berliner Industriebank Aktiengesellschaft v Jost_
[1971] 1 QB 278 at 293 that the distinction –

“between the right to sue on a judgment (which is a substantive right) and the
right to issue execution under it (which is a procedural right or remedy) has
always been recognised in the law of limitation…”

60 In _Ridgeway Motors (Isleworth) Ltd v ALTS Ltd_ [2005] 2 All ER 304, a
judgment creditor presented a winding up petition based on a judgment that was
more than 6 years old. The judgment debtors’ attempt to strike out the winding
up petition on the basis that it was statute-barred after the expiration of 6
years from the date on which the judgment became enforceable was dismissed. It
was held that “an action upon a judgment” had the special or technical meaning
of a “fresh action” brought upon a judgment in order to obtain a second
judgment, which could be executed. Insolvency proceedings, whether personal or
corporate, did not fall within the scope of that special meaning and it was
not open to the court to interpret the expression “action upon a judgment” in
s 24 (1) of the 1980 Act in the sense indicated by the extended definition of
“action” in s 38(1) which stated, _inter alia_ , that “ _[i]n this Act, unless
the context otherwise requires, “action” includes any proceeding in a court of
law, including an ecclesiastical court._ ” Mummery LJ in the English Court of
Appeal said:

There is, in my opinion, much to be said for the submission of Mr Anthony Mann
QC (as he then was) appearing as counsel for the plaintiff judgment creditors
in Lowsley’s case [1999] 1 ACT 329 at 333: “There are good policy reasons for
distinguishing between action and execution. Limitation statutes are intended
to prevent stale claims, to relieve a potential defendant of the uncertainty
of a potential claim against [him] and to remove the injustice of increasing
difficulties of proof as time goes by. These considerations do not apply to
execution. If it is unfair to have a judgment debt outstanding with interest
running at a high rate, the debtor has the remedy of paying the debt or taking
out his own bankruptcy if he cannot pay it.

61 Section 6 (3) of the LA is almost identical with section 24 of the English
Limitation Act 1980 except that the period of limitation is 12 years in
Singapore but 6 years in England for a fresh “action” upon “any judgment.”
Previously, the limitation period was also 12 years in England. See the
English Limitation Act 1939. Section 24 of the English Limitation Act 1980
reads as follows:

**24 Time limit for actions to enforce judgments**

(1) An action shall not be brought upon any judgment after the expiration six
years from the date on which the judgment became enforceable.

(2) No arrears of interest in respect of any judgment debt shall be recovered
after the expiration of six years from the date on which the interest became
due.

62 In England as it is in Singapore, a judgment although interest bearing for
only 6 years, remains “open ended” and enforceable by way of a writ of
execution without any time bar. But under Order 46, enforcement of an English
judgment after 6 years by way of writ of execution requires leave of the
English Court: Good Challenger Navegante S.A. v Metalexportimport SA [2003]
EWCA Civ 1668. However, it does not appear that other forms of execution on a
judgment (e.g. garnishee proceedings) come within Order 46, where leave of
court is required.

63 In the LA, unless the context otherwise requires, an "action" also includes
a suit or any other proceedings in a court. Basically, there are two ways of
enforcing a judgment: by execution and by action. However, a writ of execution
does not come within s 6 (3) of the LA, a stand that I would take in reliance
on the authorities above. The Court of Appeal in _Tan Kim Seng v Ibrahim
Victor Adam_ [2004] 1 SLR 181 at [29] also observed that there was a
distinction between “execution” and “an action upon any judgment” and referred
to Halsbury’s Laws of England, Vol 28 (4th Ed, Reissue, 1997) at [916]:

[A]n action upon a judgment applies only to the enforcement of judgments by
suing on them and does not apply to the issue of executions upon judgments for
which the leave of the court is required, after six years have elapsed, by RSC
Ord 46 r 2(1)(a); in matters of limitation the right to sue on a judgment has
always been regarded as quite distinct from the right to issue execution under
it, but the court will not give leave to issue execution when the right of
action is barred.

64 As such, the law of limitation of actions would not affect the rules in
relation to execution (and would also not apply to applications to levy
execution for that matter). If it did, then an argument could be made that
Order 46 Rule 2 which subjected the writ of execution to enforce a judgment or
order to the leave of the court where 6 years or more had lapsed since the
date of the judgment or order could be in conflict with s 6(3) of the LA which
allowed 12 years for bringing an action upon any judgment as of right under
the statute. Further, the fact that the court could theoretically grant leave
to the plaintiff to issue a writ of execution to enforce a judgment even after
more than 12 years had elapsed would appear to contradict the time bar set out
in s 6(3) of the LA, if that section was intended to apply to enforcement of a
judgment by way of a writ of execution. If a matter was time barred under the
LA, a court would not have the power or the discretion to extend time beyond
the time bar by granting leave.

65 The policy reasons for distinguishing between “action” and “execution” as
set out by Mummery LJ (see [60] above), and the reasons why the considerations
of potential defendants being subjected to the uncertainty of stale claims and
the injustice of increasing difficulties of proof with time did not apply to
the procedural steps needed for execution on a judgment already obtained (as
opposed to that of a fresh substantive action upon a judgment) made much sense
to me. They also explained the rationale for the absence of a time bar for the
procedural enforcement of a judgment like the writ of execution or other modes
of enforcement; and why a case of a fresh action on a judgment to obtain
another substantive judgment must be treated differently and be made subject
to a time bar. If a limitation period were to exist for execution of a
judgment, then a clever judgment debtor can simply avoid payment of the
judgment debt by hiding his assets well and keeping them out of reach of the
judgment creditor as long as possible by using the international financial and
banking systems and setting up shell companies or trusts in overseas
jurisdictions to hold and hide his assets. The existence of a time bar for
procedural execution may incentivise a judgment debtor to frustrate the
judgment creditor’s search for his assets until the execution on the judgment
against him is time barred. Passage of time should not on principle be allowed
to morph into an instrument to extinguish a judgment debt and make a mockery
of the execution process on a judgment of the court.

66 Public policy and the interests of justice should instead lean in favour of
the position that it is for the judgment debtor to seek out the judgment
creditor and settle the judgment creditor’s judgment debt expeditiously. There
is no good reason why the court should favour cat and mouse games that are
usually played out when judgment debtors use all possible means to delay and
if possible evade enforcement or execution. The court ought not to favour
those who have no qualms about flouting orders of court to pay on judgment
debts.

67 A time bar for procedural execution of a judgment would have the
inadvertent and unintended effect of encouraging such cat and mouse games. The
resources of both the court and the judgment creditor are often expended
unnecessarily whereby the judgment creditor has to search far and wide for the
assets of the judgment debtor, take up numerous court enforcement measures and
try to execute on the judgment that he has obtained, probably with much effort
and costs on his part already. It would not make sense to make it more
difficult for the judgment creditor to obtain the fruits of the judgment he
has obtained by imposing a time bar for procedural execution on judgments in
the LA. A judgment debtor ought to recognise the authority of the order of the
court directing that he, the judgment debtor, pays the judgment creditor. By
not paying, it is the judgment debtor who is breaching the order of the court
for him to pay. It is important to note that a judgment is no longer a claim
but an order of court to be obeyed by the judgment debtor after the claim has
been adjudicated by the court in favour of the judgment creditor. The judgment
creditor as the winning party tries to ensure that the judgment as an order of
the court is respected and obeyed by the losing party (and is not rendered a
paper judgment to be treated with scorn and disdain). Hence, for good public
policy reasons, the court should lean in favour of assisting the winning party
rather than the losing party. This in my view is a good reason to interpret
“action upon any judgment” in s 6(3) of the LA restrictively to exclude a writ
of execution on a judgment and all other modes of enforcement like garnishee
proceedings, charging orders and insolvency proceedings, for which the LA does
not prescribe any time bar, and accordingly, a judgment obtained is never
“dead” because procedural execution on it always remains possible.

68 I recognise the existence of Order 46 rule (2) where a writ of execution
(which includes a writ of seizure and sale, a writ of possession and a writ of
delivery) to enforce a domestic judgment or order may not be issued without
the permission of the court where 6 years or more has elapsed but this does
not mean that a time bar of 6 years has thereby been created. A statutory
limitation must be created by way of an Act of Parliament as in the Limitation
Act, and not in some subsidiary legislation (e.g. in the Rules of Court) since
a time bar has the effect of taking away a substantive right, _i.e._
enforcement of a domestic judgment by way of a writ of execution. I further
note that Order 46 is limited in its scope and it applies only to a writ of
execution but not other forms of enforcement on a judgment. Although there is
no time bar, the court should nevertheless, for good administration of
justice, monitor enforcement of its judgments by way of a writ of execution if
more than 6 years had elapsed, which I believe is the rationale for Order 46.
Order 46 rule (2) balances the need to allow time for unhindered execution on
a judgment by the judgment creditor and the need to see that the judgment
creditor does not sit on his hands and make no real effort to search for the
assets of the judgment debtor and use the appropriate enforcement measures to
satisfy his judgment debt. The requirement for the court’s discretionary leave
as prescribed under Order 46 is more a procedural and monitoring measure than
a substantive mandatory measure to extinguish execution on a judgment the
moment 6 years or more has elapsed since the date of the judgment. In any
event, if such a substantive mandatory measure amounting to a statutory time
bar was intended, then it should more appropriately be made by amending the LA
than by inserting it as a rule within the Rules of Court.

**_Arguments in favour of a 12 years time bar pursuant to s 6(3) LA for an
action upon a foreign judgment_**

69 I will first present the arguments that favour an interpretation that an
action upon a foreign judgment fell within s 6(3) of the LA and accordingly, a
statutory time bar of 12 years applied.

70 As a starting point, the Report of the Law Reform Committee on the Review
of Limitation Act (Cap 163) of the Singapore Academy of Law at [184] appeared
to suggest that suing on a foreign judgment came within the ambit of s 6(3) of
the LA. Although the report did not explicitly say so, it nevertheless
discussed the enforcement of these foreign judgments in the context of s 6(3)
and not s 6(1)(a) of the LA.

71 Judgment is not defined in the LA to be restricted only to domestic
judgments. In fact, no definition of “judgment” is given in the LA. There is
no good reason to read “any judgment” restrictively to exclude foreign
judgments in the LA. A judgment is a judgment of a court, whether foreign or
domestic. For comity reasons, it should be regarded as such and not as an
“implied contract” so as to contort it as an “action founded on a contract” to
fit within s 6(1)(a) of the LA.

72 An examination of section 6 the LA shows _, inter alia_ , that:

(a) no distinction is made between an action founded on a domestic or foreign
contract or tort;

(b) no distinction is made between an action to enforce a domestic or foreign
award;

(c) no distinction is made between an action for an account brought in respect
of any domestic or foreign matter.

73 The structure of the LA appears not to make any distinction or division
between foreign causes of action (over which the Singapore court would have
jurisdiction to try) and domestic causes of action. If so, then there is also
no good reason to construe the word “judgment” in s 6(3) restrictively and
limit it only to domestic judgments (and exclude foreign judgments from its
ambit.) The treatment then becomes inconsistent when seen from the perspective
of the overall structure of the LA.

74 In practice in England, actions on any judgment (made subject to s 24(1) of
the Limitation Act 1980) are rare since they will be dismissed as an abuse of
the process of the court if the ordinary process of execution on the judgment
in question is available: Limitation of Actions by Oughton, Lowry and Merkin,
1998 Edn at p 137. Hence, it will be rare to sue on a domestic judgment since
other means of enforcement are readily available. However, for foreign
judgments and in particular those for which registration is unavailable, a
fresh action upon the foreign judgment appears to be the main mode of
enforcement (Limitation Periods 5th Edn 2006 by Andrew Mc Gee at 17.005). The
substance of a fresh action taken upon a foreign judgment for the purpose of
obtaining a Singapore judgment so that the foreign judgment could be enforced
would better fit the interpretation of s 6(3) than s 6(1)(a) both in substance
and form. An action upon a **_foreign judgment,_** just as an action upon a
**_domestic judgment,_** will give rise to an **_independent cause of
action_** , in the “nature of a claim for a debt”, which arises at the time
the original judgment is made. It is important to note that a fresh action
upon a **_domestic_** judgment, which is also in the nature of an implied
contract, is not subject to a limitation of 6 years pursuant to s 6(1)(a) but
is subject to a limitation of 12 years pursuant to s 6(3) of the LA. If so,
then it is quite extraordinary that the limitation for an action upon a
**_foreign_** judgment should be shunted to s 6(1)(a) whereas the limitation
for an action upon a **_domestic_** judgment stays with s 6(3) of the LA, when
the juridical basis for a fresh action upon the judgment is the same in both
cases. The concept of an “implied contract” is created to enable the action
upon the foreign judgment to be proceeded with and to provide a philosophical
or jurisprudential basis to support the cause of action as if it was an action
on a simple contract debt, but it should not convert a foreign judgment into a
contract (or a foreign judgment debt into a contractual debt), when it is not
so in substance and in reality. A binding judgment is not quite the same as a
binding contract, irrespective whether it is a domestic or foreign judgment. A
foreign judgment debt is an obligation imposed by the foreign court on the
judgment debtor to pay and it does not constitute a consensual and voluntary
obligation agreed to by one contracting and consenting party to pay the sum
stated in the foreign court judgment to the other contracting and consenting
party as a matter of contract. As was stated by Alderson B in _Williams v
Jones_ (1845) 13 M. & W. 628:

The true principle is, that where a Court of competent jurisdiction adjudges a
sum of money is to be paid, an obligation to pay it is created thereby, and an
action of debt may therefore be brought upon such judgment. This is the
principle on which actions on foreign judgments are supported.

75 Since s 24 in the English Limitation Act 1980 is not concerned with
procedures to enforce judgments already obtained but only with substantive
rights to bring an action on a judgment (_WT Lamb & Sons v. Rider_ [1948] 2 KB
331, _National Westminister Bank v. Powney_ [1991] Ch 339, _Lowsley v Forbes_
[1996] CLC 1370), that is exactly what in substance a similar action on a
foreign judgment amounts to.

76 The same juridical basis to “enforce” a **_domestic_** judgment by bringing
a second action on the basis that it is an action of debt upon the first
judgment, does not cast the second action as falling within s 5 of the UK
Limitation Act 1980 for the purpose of limitation, thus showing that s 24
remains the governing provision. Section 5 of the said 1980 Act is largely
similar to s 6(1)(a) of the LA and it states that:

An action founded on simple contract shall not be brought after the expiration
of six years from the date on which the cause of action accrued.

77 The Supreme Court of Canada in _Morguard Investments Ltd. v. De Savoye_
[1990] 3 S.C.R. 1077 had advocated international comity whereby decisions of
foreign courts are afforded appropriate levels of deference and respect. To
treat domestic and foreign judgments differently in relation to the
application of s 6(3) LA would run contrary to the principles set out in
_Morguard_.

78 In the Ontario Supreme Court case of _Girsberger v. Kresz_ et al.,(2000) 47
O.R. (3d) 145, Cumming J stated:

[45] In the light of these decisions and the clear evolution of the principles
of comity, order and fairness, I fail to understand why the characterization
of in personam foreign judgments from beyond Canada as simple contract debts
should be the law. In the 19th century, the reasoning behind the historical
characterization of in personam foreign judgments, as I understand it, was the
need for Canadian courts to create a new “starting point” when a foreign
judgment was recognized and enforced. The principle of territoriality incited
the English courts to create a new “starting point” which inferred a promise
to pay the amount of judgment as thought it was simple contract debt: see
Bedell v Gefaell (No. 1), [1938] O.R. 343 at p. 724, [1938] 4 D.L.R. 467
(C.A.)

[46] In the light of Morguard, Canadian courts no longer need to continue to
apply this legal fiction… Why not recognize truly foreign judgments for what
they are, “judgments?”

[47] The Supreme Court of Canada in Morguard, Hunt and Tolofson recognized
that the old common law rules relating to the recognition and enforcement of a
judgment in personam emanating in one province within the rest of Canada were
rooted in an outmoded conception of the world which emphasized sovereignty and
independence. In my view, the case law which characterizes a foreign judgment
from beyond Canada as a simple contract debt is also an outmoded conception
which emphasizes sovereignty and independence at a substantial cost of
unfairness to he party wishing to have its foreign judgment enforced in
Canada.

[48] The principle of comity must evolve to work in the postmodern era of
international transactions and the constant flow of people, products and
skills across national and international borders. This leads me o the
conclusion that the characterization of recognized and enforced foreign
judgments as simple contract debts is dated. As Sharpe J. stated, I the United
States of America v. Ivey, Canadian courts should give ‘full faith and credit’
to foreign judgments originating from the United States. Consequently, if an
Ontario court applies the real and substantial connection test as defined in
Morguard and finds that the foreign court has exercised appropriately its
jurisdiction, then ‘full faith and credit’ should be given to that foreign
judgment. The Ontario court should recognize and enforce such foreign
judgments as ‘judgments’ and not as contract debts. Given the new developments
of the principle of comity, Canadian courts must move away from the idea that
foreign judgments must be relitigated.

[49] So long as the court in a foreign country has properly and appropriately
exercised jurisdiction in an action, that court’s judgment should be given
full faith and credit in Ontario. Recognized and enforced foreign judgments
should be recognized as ‘judgments’ and not as an implied agreement between
the parties to pay the amount of the foreign judgment. This characterization
of foreign judgments would permit litigants to enforce heir judgment within
the 20-year limitation period provided by s. 45(1)(c) of the Limitations Act.
In light of the evolution of the law applicable to the recognition and
enforcement of foreign judgments and the fluidity of parties, transactions and
assets in our era of globalization, a 20-year limitation period appears to be
more appropriate and fair.

79 In _Owens Bank Ltd. v Bracco_ [1992] 2 A.C. 443, 484 Lord Bridge of Harwich
said:

A foreign judgment given by a court of competent jurisdiction over the
defendant is treated by the common law as imposing a legal obligation on the
judgment debtor which will be enforced in an **_action on the judgment_** by
an English court in which the defendant will not be permitted to reopen issues
of either fact or law which have been decided against him by the foreign
court. (Emphasis added.)

80 In the recent English Court of Appeal decision in _Tsasarruf Mevduati
Sigorta Fonu v Demirel and another_ [2007] 1 WLR 2508 (“ _TMSF_ ”) at [41],
Sir Anthony Clarke MR delivering the judgment of the court applied s 24
(**_and not s 5_**) of the English Limitation Act 1980 in deciding what was
the time bar for enforcing a Turkish judgment by way of action in England. The
English Court of Appeal therefore regarded a fresh action upon the foreign
Turkish judgment to be governed by the limitation period prescribed by s 24
(the equivalent of s 6(3) of the LA) and **_not_** by s 5 (the equivalent of s
6(1)(a) of the LA). Indeed, it is with regard to foreign judgments that s 24
retains its principal relevance: see McGee, _Limitation Periods_ , 5th Edn.,
2006, para 17.005. Accordingly, in Singapore s6(3) of the LA should be the
applicable provision for a fresh action on both a domestic and a foreign
judgment, and not s 6(1)(a) of the LA. If so, then the limitation period is 12
years and not 6 years for a fresh action upon either a domestic or a foreign
judgment. Section 24 of the English Limitation Act 1980 was in fact based on s
2(4) of the English Limitation Act 1939 which provided that

An action shall not be brought on any judgment after the expiration of
**_twelve_** years from the date on which the judgment became enforceable, and
no arrears of interest in respect of any judgment debt shall be recovered
after the expiration of six years from the date on which the interest became
due.

81 As a matter of principle, the juridical basis for a claim brought upon a
foreign judgment should not have a decisive bearing on the interpretation of a
statute of limitation, and this had been borne out by the English Court of
Appeal decision in _TMSF_. The plain, ordinary and natural meaning of “any
judgment” in Section 6(3) of the LA should be given effect to and should be
interpreted without any qualification to include both a foreign and a domestic
judgment.

82 For the reasons set out above, it would be in my view preferable to follow
the approach of the English courts over that adopted by the Canadian courts
(see the decisions of the Canadian courts cited below) and to hold that the
time bar for commencing a fresh action upon any judgment, be it a foreign or
domestic judgment, should be 12 years as set out in s 6(3) of the LA and not 6
years as set out in s 6(1)(a) of the LA.

**_Arguments in favour of a 6 years time bar pursuant to s 6(1)(a) LA for an
action upon a foreign judgment_**

83 I now present the arguments that favour an interpretation that an action
upon a foreign judgment fell within s 6(1)(a) of the LA and accordingly, a
statutory time bar of 6 years applied:

(a) A foreign judgment creates a simple contract debt, and an action to
enforce a foreign judgment is an action upon a simple contract debt: _Rutledge
v United States Savings and Loan Co._ (1906) 37 S.C. R. 546; _Yugraneft Corp.
v. Rexx Management Corp_. [2007] A.J. No 749. Therefore the applicable
limitation period for an action founded on that simple contract debt is six
years under s 6(1)(a). “[A]ny judgment” in s 6(3) of the LA should be
interpreted as being limited to domestic judgments, and should not be extended
to include foreign judgments.

(b) While a domestic judgment can be directly enforced by execution, the same
is not true with a foreign judgment. Unless a foreign judgment is registered
pursuant to the RECJA or the REFJA, a foreign judgment cannot be enforced
without first suing on the judgment and obtaining a domestic judgment against
the debtor for domestic enforcement purposes. Hence the distinction between an
action upon a foreign judgment and an action upon a domestic judgment must be
reflected in the application of s 6(3) of the LA to “an action upon any
judgment.”

(c) Cumming J’s decision in _Girsberger v. Kresz_ et al.,(2000) 47 O.R. (3d)
145 was overruled by the Ontario Court of Appeal in _Lax v Lax_ (2004), 70
O.R. (3d) 520 (C.A.) , where Feldman J stated that:

[30] This analysis demonstrates that as a procedural matter, for purposes of
enforcement, foreign judgments and domestic judgments are not equivalent.
Gumming J.’s position in _Girsberger_ is that, in order to give foreign
judgments the full faith and credit that our new approach of comity among
nations requires, we must apply the same limitation period for enforcement of
both types of judgments. Therefore, the old Limitations Act must be
interpreted to reflect that approach and to accomplish that goal.

[31] In my view, although there is merit in the philosophical approach
advocated by Cumming J., in order to achieve the type of parity between
domestic and foreign judgments that he is advocating, more significant changes
must be made to the enforcement scheme than interpreting “judgments” in s.
45(1)(c) to include a foreign judgment. This would require legislative action.
As long as only domestic judgments can be enforced by execution and other
methods discussed above, and therefore foreign judgments must be transformed
not domestic judgments before they are enforceable as domestic judgments,
there is not parity of treatment.

(d) Chrumka J. in _Yugraneft Corp. v Rexx Management Corp_., [2007] 10 W.W.R.
559, while agreeing that there was merit to the argument that a more modern
approach in keeping with the principles of comity may be required with respect
to foreign judgments, viewed that legislative intervention might be necessary.
In his opinion, the current status of the law was that the applicable
limitation period was two years for an action to enforce a foreign judgment
which is based upon a simple contract debt.

(e) The Supreme Court of Nova Scotia in the case of _Pollier v Laushway_
[2006] NSJ No 215 said:

“[17] Historically, there has been a distinction in Canada between domestic
and foreign judgments when it comes to both enforcement and limitation
periods. For example, in Nova Scotia, a domestic judgment can be directly
enforced by execution. The situation is different with foreign judgments.
Unless a foreign judgment is registered in this province pursuant to the
_Reciprocal Enforcement of Judgments Act_ (which application for registration
must be made within six years from the date of the judgment) a foreign
judgment cannot be enforced without first suing on the judgment and obtaining
a domestic judgment against the debtor. Once a domestic judgment is obtained,
it can be enforced the same way as all domestic judgments and is subject to a
twenty year limitation period.

[18] In relation to the applicable limitation period for such actions, it has
long been held that an action to enforce a foreign judgment is an action upon
a simple contract debt (see for example **Rutledge v. United States Savings
and Loan Co**. (1906), 37 S.C.R. 546.) Castel and Walker in _Canadian Conflict
of Laws_ 6th Ed., (Butterworths, 2005) explain the matter at14-3 as follows:

A foreign judgment is regarded as creating a debt between the parties to it,
which is said to be based on the judgment debtor’s implied promise to pay the
amount of the foreign judgment; …The debt so created is a simple contract debt
and not a specialty debt, and it is subject to the appropriate limitation
period….”

….

[26] While I agree with the suggestion in **Lax** , _supra_ , that there is
merit in the philosophical approach advanced by Cumming J. in **Girsberger** ,
_supra_ , I conclude that the law remains that an action to enforce a foreign
judgment is an action upon a simple contract debt and in Nova Scotia, the
applicable limitation period for such an action is six years after the cause
of any such action arose.

(f) Kan J in _Westacre_ Investments _Inc v Yugoimport-SDPR_ [2007] 1 SLR 501
said at [15]:

The Limitation Act imposes a time limitation when a party seeks to sue on a
foreign money judgment in Singapore. Such an action would be a claim in
contract as a foreign money judgment creates an implied contract by the
judgment debtor to pay the judgment sum to the judgment creditor, as has long
been established by _Duplexi v De Roven_ (1705) 2 Vern 540; 23 ER 950 and
_Grant v Easton_ (1883) 13 QBD 302. In such a situation, s 6(1)(a) of the
Limitation Act would apply and extinguish the right to sue when six years have
elapsed from the date of judgment.

(g) In _Murakami Takako (executrix of the estate of Takashi Murakami Suroso,
deceased) v Wirayadi Louise Maria and others_ [2007] 4 SLR 565 (“ _Murakami_
”), the Court of Appeal in Singapore held at [34] and [40] that the first
respondent’s counterclaim, founded on Indonesian Judgment 203 and made only on
4 July 2006, was time barred unless the first respondent’s rights under
Indonesian Judgment 203 delivered on 23 February 2000 had been subsequently
acknowledged by the appellant, which the appellant did on 29 April 2005, thus
extending the limitation period for reliance on the Indonesian Judgment 2003
as from 29 April 2005. From the facts, it could be readily inferred that the 6
years time bar under s 6(1)(a) was applied by the Court of Appeal and not a 12
years time bar under s 6(3) of the LA.

84 As the Court of Appeal in _Murakami_ had essentially held that the time bar
for a fresh action upon an Indonesian judgment 203 for enforcement was 6
years, it implicitly meant that the Court of Appeal had ruled that the
applicable time bar provision was s 6(1)(a) and not s 6(3) of the LA for a
fresh action to enforce a foreign judgment in Singapore. As such, I would take
the position that I was bound by this Court of Appeal decision to hold that
fresh actions for enforcement in Singapore upon the Nevada Judgment and the
First Judgment were time barred, but not if the fresh action was upon the
Second Judgment.

85 Since an appeal had been filed against my decision, the Court of Appeal
would have the opportunity to re-visit this issue on whether s 6(1)(a) or s
6(3) of the LA applied to an action upon a foreign judgment for the purpose of
enforcement in Singapore.

Third question: was the enforcement action upon the Second Judgment or some
other earlier Nevada Judgment (or the First Judgment)?

86 Having decided that the time bar for the enforcement of a foreign judgment
by way of a common law action was 6 years under s 6(1)(a) of the LA, I would
have to proceed to answer the third question on whether or not the plaintiff’s
enforcement action was to be regarded effectively as a fresh action upon the
Nevada (or the First Judgment) and not upon the Second Judgment as presented
in the statement of claim for the purpose of limitation.

87 Counsel for the defendant contended the following in his written
submissions:

25\. ….[I]f a careful look is taken at the Second Judgment, it is clear that
the nature of the judgment was to:

(a) set aside the transfer of the Defendant's one-third interest in the
Property to Surepath;

(b) levy execution upon the one-third interest to have it sold by the Santa
Clara County Sheriff under a Writ of Sale in order to satisfy, in part or in
full, the _First Judgment_ ; and

(c) if there were insufficient proceeds from the sale _to satisfy the First
Judgment_ in full, affirm that the Defendant shall _remain_ liable for any
such deficiency thereon.

26\. The real nature of the Second Judgment is in fact clear from the
Plaintiff's own Affidavits. At paragraph 7.3 of James Arlen Stearman
(“Stearman”)'s Affidavit, he referred to the proceedings which resulted in the
Second Judgment as a _"fraudulent conveyance lawsuit"._ In the following
paragraph (paragraph 7.4), Stearman deposes that after the Second Judgment was
rendered, he filed a single partition action, the purpose of which was _"to
force the sale of the entire subject real property to partially satisfy [the
First Judgment] out of the Defendant's separate one-third interest in the said
property."_

27\.  The clear aim and intention of the Second Judgment was therefore, as
Stearman himself recognised, to force a sale of the Property to partially
satisfy the First Judgment out of the Defendant's one-third share thereof. No
basis exists for the assertion that the Second Judgment was to create a brand
new cause of action which "re-sets the clock" on the limitation period of what
is essentially the same debt and cause of action which arose in the Nevada
Judgment (the original judgment). The clear purpose of the Second Judgment was
to satisfy in part the First Judgment and to affirm that the Defendant
remained liable to the Plaintiff for the _balance of the First Judgment_. It
did not create a fresh obligation of payment.

28\. Fundamentally, it must be the case that the Plaintiff's claim against the
Defendant is for payment of a debt incurred at the gaming tables in Caesars
Palace in 1997. The Second Judgment does not create the implied contract by
the Defendant to pay that gaming debt.

29\. Finally, there is also authority to the effect that where there are two
competing foreign judgments, the earlier in time will prevail. In the case of
_Abdul Rahman_ _Showlag v Abdel Moniem Mansour_ 1 AC 431 which was a Privy
Council decision from the Court of Appeal of Jersey, the legal representatives
of S found that two deposits held in London banks had been transferred to an
account in Switzerland in the name of a company incorporated in Panama which
was wholly owned by the defendant, a former employee of S. The legal
representatives believed the money had been stolen whereas the defendant
claimed that it was a gift by S. The money had been dispersed to a number of
different countries, including Jersey and Egypt. The plaintiffs instituted
proceedings in various jurisdictions. On 5 December 1990 the plaintiffs
obtained a judgment against the defendant in an English court which found that
the money was not a gift and had been obtained by fraud. However, an Egyptian
appeals court found on 23 May 1991 in criminal proceedings against the
defendant that the defendant had received the money as a gift and thus
dismissed the plaintiffs' civil claim against him. In subsequent proceedings
in Jersey, the court at first instance found the issue as to whether the
deposits had been stolen was res judicata by virtue of the English judgment.
The case found its way to the Privy Council which held that the correct
general rule was that where there were two competing foreign judgments, each
pronounced by a court of competent jurisdiction and final and not open to
impeachment on any ground, the earlier of them in time must be recognised and
given effect to the exclusion of the later.

30\. It is therefore submitted on behalf of the Defendant that of all the
three judgments which the Plaintiff has obtained against the Defendant, it is
the first in time, i.e. the Nevada Judgment, that is final and conclusive as
to the subject matter, which is, the debt owing by the Defendant to the
Plaintiff. Therefore, the Second Judgment, which is a subsequent judgment on
the same subject matter as the Nevada Judgment (although it is not a competing
incompatible judgment) should be disregarded. It therefore follows that for
the purposes of determining when the Plaintiff's cause of action arose, it is
the Nevada Judgment which is relevant and not, as the Plaintiff contends, the
Second Judgment.

31\. The Defendant further submits that the Plaintiff's cause of action arose
with the entry of the Nevada Judgment on 29 March 1999 and not with the Second
Judgment. It therefore follows that the first judgment in time, namely, the
Nevada Judgment should be regarded for all intents and purposes to be the
final and conclusive judgment on the subject matter. The Nevada Judgment
created the implied contract by the Defendant to pay the judgment sum to the
Plaintiff, not the Second Judgment. The Nevada Judgment (as is the First
Judgment) is clearly over six years old and the Plaintiff's action herein is
accordingly time-barred.

88 The defendant relied on the Court of Appeal decision in _Murakami_ in
support of the proposition that the nature and effect of the Second Judgment
should be construed in accordance with Singapore law as if the Second Judgment
was hypothetically a judgment of the Singapore court and hence, its true
nature, intent, purpose and legal effect in accordance with Californian law
was totally irrelevant. In _Murakami’_ s case, the first respondent sought to
enforce a judgment issued by the Supreme Court of Indonesia ("Judgment 203")
in the first respondent’s counterclaim made only on **_4 July 2006_** against
the appellant. It was argued by the appellant that Judgment 203 (delivered on
**_23 February 2000_** and not registrable under the REFJA) was a judgment _in
personam_ and therefore an action on it was subject to a six-year limitation
period under s 6(1)(a) of the LA. Since more than six years had passed, the
first respondent’s counterclaim (which was, for all intents and purposes, an
action on a debt) was time barred. The trial judge found that the judgment was
a judgment _in rem_ and therefore not subject to any limitation period. The
Court of Appeal found that the trial judge erred and held that Judgment 203,
which was an order obtained in ancillary proceedings declaring the interests
of the parties to the matrimonial assets, bound only the parties personally
and was therefore was not a judgment _in rem_ but _in personam_. In examining
whether Judgment 203 was a judgment _in personam_ or a judgment _in rem_ ,
counsel for the defendant submitted that the Court of Appeal had, in the
following passages, clearly applied the _lex fori_ :

"**Is Judgment 203 a judgment _in personam_ or _in rem_?**

30 In our view, in order to determine whether Judgment 203 is a judgment _in
personam_ or a judgment _in rem_ , it is necessary to consider the nature of
the judicial proceedings that led to Judgment 203 **_and the intention of the
Supreme Court of Indonesia as to the effect of the order on the parties to the
proceedings._** In this connection, **it is not relevant to this court whether
Indonesian law recognises the concepts of a judgment _in rem_ and a judgment
_in personam_. _What is relevant to this court is the substance of Judgment
203 and its effect or intended effect on the parties thereto._**

31 Judgment 203 was made pursuant to divorce proceedings between the testator
(the executrix of whose estate is the appellant) and the first respondent in
which the testator sought a judgment of the Indonesian courts as to the
respective rights of the parties to the matrimonial assets. In this context,
we are of the view that Judgment 203 merely declared the respective rights of
the parties. The judgment also ordered the first respondent to transfer one-
half of the assets to the appellant as executrix of the testator’s estate, but
in our view that did not amount to a disposal of the assets so as to
constitute it a judgment _in rem."_ (emphasis added)

89 An action for enforcement upon the Indonesian Judgment 203 _in personam_
was subject to the 6 years time bar under s 6(1)(a) of the LA. The Court of
Appeal held that a court in Singapore would not allow a judgment _in personam_
to be sued as a debt or a cause of action that was time barred under Singapore
law. But by virtue of certain paragraphs in the appellant’s statement of claim
dated 29 April 2005 which had the effect of acknowledging the first
respondent’s rights to the one-half share of the properties, s 26(1) of the LA
extended the period of limitation with respect to the counterclaim as it
provided that the “right shall be deemed to have accrued on the date of the
acknowledgment”. The Court of Appeal concluded that the acknowledgement of the
first respondent’s counterclaim as early as 29 April 2005 extended the
limitation period for reliance on Judgment 203 from that date.

**_Choice of law_**

90 I noted that the Court of Appeal in _Murakami_ had found it necessary to
consider “the intention of the Supreme Court of Indonesia as to the effect of
the order on the parties to the proceedings”. Further, the Court of Appeal
observed that what was relevant was the “intended effect” of Judgment 203 on
the parties. How would the court consider the intention of the Supreme Court
of Indonesia (and the “effect or intended effect” of the judgment on the
parties) if the Singapore court were to disregard completely the laws of
Indonesia on the effect of judgments emanating from the Supreme Court of
Indonesia? Clearly the courts in Indonesia would have to intend the effect of
its own orders in accordance with what the laws of Indonesia would declare to
be the effect of Indonesian court judgments. Surely, Indonesian courts would
have to issue judgments that would have the same legal effect as prescribed by
the laws of Indonesia and not otherwise. I could not imagine that the Supreme
Court of Indonesia would have intended the effect of its order on the parties
to the proceedings to be at variance with what the laws of Indonesia would
have to say on the effect of Indonesian court judgments. The Court of Appeal
never went so far as to state that the laws of Indonesia were entirely
irrelevant when determining the factual question of the intention of the
Supreme Court of Indonesia as to the effect (or its intended effect) of its
own orders. The Court of Appeal only said that **_it was not relevant to this
court whether Indonesian law recognised the concepts of a judgment in rem and
a judgment in personam_**. If Indonesian law were in fact to recognise the
difference in the concept of a _judgment in rem_ and that _in personam_ , did
it mean that the Singapore court would not even consider what Indonesian law
had to say on the effect of an Indonesian court’s _judgment in personam_ or a
_judgment in rem_? If under Indonesian law a judgment was simply a judgment
with no distinction made between an _in rem_ or _in personam_ judgment, then
it would have merely meant that Indonesian law was of no assistance whatsoever
in helping the Singapore court to determine that issue. I believed it was in
that sense that the Court of Appeal stated that Indonesian law was not
relevant. That being the case, the Singapore court would have to examine the
primary facts and the other available evidence before making a finding of fact
whether the Indonesian judgment amounted to a _judgment in rem_ or _in
personam_ , without any further assistance of Indonesian law. The distinction
between the two types of judgment was crucial under Singapore law to enable
the court in Singapore to decide whether the counterclaim of the 1st
respondent as it originally stood (without the extension of the time bar by
appellant’s acknowledgement of the 1st respondents rights under the Indonesian
Judgment 203) was time barred under s 6(1)(a) of the LA for a _judgment in
personam_ or was not time barred because it was a _judgment in rem_ , for
which there was no time bar under the LA.

91 Accordingly, _Murakami’s_ case did not support the defendant’s contention
that the laws of California were irrelevant when the Singapore court had to
determine whether or not the nature and effect of the Second Judgment created
a fresh cause of action upon which the plaintiff could mount an action to
enforce the Second Judgment, which cause of action then accrued on the date of
issuance of the Second Judgment.

92 Counsel for the plaintiff rightly pointed out that the traditional common
law rule on the choice of law for limitation was that, in so far as limitation
provisions merely barred remedies, such provisions were procedural in nature
and therefore applied only to the extent that they were rules of the _lex
fori_ (as opposed to _lex causae_): see 2-040; 7-045 – 7-048, _Dicey, Morris &
Collins, The Conflict of Laws_, 14th Edn. (2006). However this common law rule
had been doubted in Australian and Canadian decisions: _John Pfeiffer Pty Ltd
v Rogerson_ (2000) 203 CLR 503**;** _Tolofsen v Jensen_ [1994] 3 SCR 1022. The
editors of _Dicey & Morris_ also rejected its validity: see paras 2-042 –
2-045.

93 I agreed with the submission of counsel for the plaintiff that a common law
action to enforce a foreign judgment would proceed _‘on the basis of an
implied contract by the judgment debtor’._ Given the orthodoxy of this latter
conclusion, the plaintiff’s cause of action was founded on a breach of an
implied contract that was entered into at the time of the Second Judgment. It
followed that the plaintiff’s action was not a common law action upon a
Singapore judgment, but was in fact a cause of action occasioned by a breach
of an implied “contract” made in California to pay on the Second Judgment
debt.

94 It was therefore important to distinguish between the determination of the
true character and the substantive nature of the bundle of rights arising from
the Second Judgment as a question of fact on the one hand and the application
of the LA for the purposes of limitation on the other. In my judgment,
Californian law applied to the former, even if the court was going to apply
Singapore law on limitation. The construction of a foreign Second Judgment
must be a substantive question of the relevant foreign law (Californian law)
first determined as a fact; the _lex fori_ (Singapore law) would be applicable
only to the question of the effect to be given to that fact as found for the
purpose of limitation under the LA: see _Castrique v Imrie_ (1870) LR 4 HL 414
at 427 _per_ Blackburn J; at 443 _per_ Lord Hatherley LC.

95 Spencer Bower, Turner and Handley, The Doctrine of Res Judicata, 3rd Edn.
(1996), stated the following at pp. 38-39:

**Foreign law a question of fact**

73 Questions of foreign law are questions of fact. …The following have been
held to be issues of fact: any question as to whether the foreign decision is
a judicial decision, whether there was jurisdiction under the _lex fori_ to
pronounce it; as to the effect of a foreign decision, whether it is regarded
by the law of the foreign state as _in rem_ or _in personam_ , final or
interlocutory, civil or criminal; or as to the effect of an adjudication of
personal disability; or as to whether the judgment operates by foreign law
against the person, or the estate only, of the judgment debtor; as to how far
the decision of one state in a federation is recognised in another; as to the
effect of a foreign decision on domicile; as to the prerequisites of a divorce
in the foreign state; any question as to the practice and procedure of the
foreign tribunal, with reference to such matters as service, evidence, or
conditional appearance in an action; and any question as to the grounds on
which the foreign decision was based. Such issues must be established by
appropriate evidence, which, in the case of foreign law, will generally be the
testimony of experts in actual practice, not the treatises of jurists, except
as expounded by such experts.

**Actions on judicial decisions**

75 The conclusiveness of a judgment, English **_or foreign_** , when sued upon
is a manifestation of _res judicata_ estoppel. …The original cause of action
having **_merged_** in the judgment, _transit in rem judicatam_ ; no question
of merit is left for inquiry. (Emphasis added.)

96 In my view, the _Murakami_ decision was consistent with the above
principles and in line with those in _Castrique,_ where the English House of
Lords was concerned precisely with the question of whether a foreign judgment
had been _in rem_. Further, the concept that the original cause of action
would be regarded as merged in the judgment with no question of merit left for
inquiry also supported the proposition that the court in Singapore should not
examine what was the underlying cause of action or basis that gave rise to the
Second Judgment, and should not refuse enforcement as a matter of public
policy if it was found to be a foreign judgment obtained on an action on a
foreign gambling debt.

97 If I was wrong in my reading of the Court of Appeal decision in _Murakami_
and even if the Court of Appeal did apply the _lex fori_ to determine whether
a foreign judgment was a judgment _in rem_ or _in personam_ , it could not be
interpreted as having decided that the _lex fori_ determined the prior issue
of the true substance and nature of the foreign proceedings and the foreign
judgment. The Court rather held specifically that it made no difference
whether Indonesian law recognised the distinction between the categories of
judgment. The Court was concerned to establish:

_“the nature of the judicial proceedings that led to Judgment 203 and the
intention of the Supreme Court of Indonesia as to the effect of the order on
the parties to the proceedings.”_[30]

98 As explained earlier, it was difficult to see how the question on what
would be the intention of the Supreme Court of Indonesia on the true nature
and legal effect of its judgments and orders could be other than a question of
Indonesian law given that the intended legal effect of judgments and orders of
the Supreme Court of Indonesia would have to be prescribed by Indonesian law.

99 In my judgment, the proper approach would be for the court to examine the
nature and legal effect of the Second Judgment in accordance with Californian
law and, after having come to a conclusion as to its true nature and legal
effect as a finding of fact (with the assistance of expert evidence on
Californian law if available), ascertain the relevant time bar for the
plaintiff’s action upon the Second Judgment under Singapore law. It must be
noted that the cause of action pleaded in the plaintiff’s writ was never based
on the non-satisfaction by the defendant of the judgment debt created by
either the Nevada Judgment or the First Judgment. The plaintiff’s statement of
claim was based only on the non-satisfaction of the judgment debt created by
the Second Judgment.

100 I would now turn to the available expert evidence before me on what was
the true nature and legal effect of the Second Judgment under Californian law.
Clearly, this was an area which was outside the experience and knowledge of
the court and the opinion of an expert on Californian Law would be needed to
assist the court.

**_Expert affidavit evidence adduced by the plaintiff on the laws of
California in relation to the effect of the Second Judgment_**

101 The plaintiff produced expert affidavit evidence of a US lawyer, James
Arlen Stearman, to state that under the laws of California, the Second
Judgment was a fresh judgment creating a new obligation. Paragraphs 13.0 to
21.0 of Stearman's 2nd Affidavit stated, _inter alia_ , that:

(a) The effect of the Second Judgment (under California law) was to create a
fresh judgment which imposed an obligation on the defendant to pay the sums
specified in that judgment independent and irrespective of any proceedings in
the State of Nevada and independent of any judgments obtained previous
thereto.

(b) The right to maintain a separate action on a California judgment was long
recognised in the State of California according to the California Supreme
Court case of _Thomas v. Thomas_ (1939) 14 CA2d 355, 358. When a judgment was
rendered in an action on a prior judgment, such as the Second Judgment with
respect to the First Judgment, the California courts would regard the Second
Judgment, in effect, as an extension of the First Judgment. See _Provisor v.
Nelson_ (1965) 234 CA2d Supp. 876, 880.

(c) The fact that the Nevada Judgment had “expired” would not affect the
enforceability of the Second Judgment. The dicta in _Weir v Corbett_ (1964)
229 CA2d 290 demonstrated that a California judgment based on a sister-state
judgment had a continued and separate life of its own that could still be
enforced even if the sister-state judgment had expired.

(d) The Second Judgment was valid for 10 years pursuant to section 683.020 of
the California Code of Civil Procedure and an action brought to enforce a
judgment may be "commenced in California" within 10 years of entry of the
judgment (being 9 November 2001). A judgment creditor would be entitled as a
matter of right to a judgment on the original judgment provided the second
action was commenced within the statute of limitations (i.e. 10 years). See
_United States Capital Corporation v. Nickelberry_ (1981) 120 CA3d 864. Hence,
bringing an action on a judgment before the period of limitations had expired
would have the effect of extending the first judgment and also any lien that
might be incident to it.

(e) The Second Judgment was therefore a stand alone judgment independent of
any proceedings in Nevada, and the award against the defendant of
US$2,453,126.3 with post-judgment interest at the statutory rate of 10% p.a.
from 2 June 1999 could be enforced as part of the Second Judgment.

102 The points canvassed by Stearman essentially related to that of
enforcement in the jurisdiction in which the judgment was obtained - this was
clear from the wording of section 683.020 of the California Code of Civil
Procedure cited by Stearman. Californian cases were cited by Stearman in
support of his expert opinion that under the law of California, the Second
Judgment was a "fresh" judgment independent of any judgments obtained previous
thereto.

103 In my opinion, whether the Second Judgment created a new obligation was a
matter that had to be decided based on Californian law as a question of fact
(and not Singapore law) in the same way that the other effects of a foreign
judgment whether it was final or interlocutory, or civil or criminal in nature
should be determined on the basis of the relevant foreign law as a question of
fact.

104 As a matter of Californian law therefore, I decided as a question of fact
on the basis of the expert evidence available before me that the Second
Judgment obtained in the State of California was a fresh judgment which
imposed an obligation on the defendant to pay the sums specified in that
Second Judgment independent and irrespective of any previous proceedings in
the State of Nevada and independent of any judgments obtained previous
thereto. Separately, and as a matter of the substantive law of limitation in
accordance with the law of Singapore under the LA, that independent and
“fresh” Second Judgment was enforceable in Singapore by way of a fresh action
upon that Second Judgment by the plaintiff, which action was brought well
within the limitation period of 6 years from the date of the Second Judgment
and hence the action upon the Second Judgment was not time barred in Singapore
under section 6(1)(a) of the LA.

105 Even as a matter of English law, it was well established that it was
possible, and not an abuse of process in itself, to prolong the expiry of a
limitation period pertaining to an action upon a judgment by seeking a second
judgment in an action upon the former within the prescribed period of
limitation: _ED & F Man (Sugar) Ltd v Yani Haryanto_, CA (unreported, 17 July
1996 The Times Law Reports 491); _Bennett v Bank of Scotland_ [2004] EWCA Civ
988. It would therefore appear that bringing a second action in this way was a
matter of right, subject only to the court’s discretion to decline to give
judgment in the second action if it regarded it as an abuse of process (with
the burden resting on the defendant to show that it was an abuse of process):
Report of the Law Reform Committee on the Review of Limitation Act (Cap 163)
of the Singapore Academy of Law at [183]. Whilst both cases above were
concerned with successive judgments in the same jurisdiction, Professor Briggs
in his _Civil Jurisdiction and Judgments_ , 4th Edn. (2005), para 7.57 said:

In an extreme case, for example where the judgment debtor has been unusually
successful in concealing his assets outside the jurisdiction of the court, the
judgment creditor may even seek another judgment, by way of entitling him to
enforce the earlier judgment, so as to pave the way to enforcing an English
judgment against assets overseas. where ‘It has been held that such a
“judgment on a judgment” may be obtained where the first judgment was obtained
under Section 26 of the Arbitration Act 1950 to make enforceable an
arbitration award; **there is no reason in principle why the same approach
could not be taken to a foreign judgment if there were good reasons for
requiring a new English judgment for the purposes of possible enforcement.**
’(emphasis added)

106 If the AR was right to treat the accrual of the plaintiff’s cause of
action as having taken place not at the time of the Second Judgment but at the
time of the Nevada or First Judgment, it would be difficult to see in what
circumstances it would be possible to resurrect a judgment for limitation
purposes as anticipated by the English Court of Appeal. It followed that as a
matter of the Singapore law of limitation, the plaintiff’s cause of action
accrued at the time of the Second Judgment and not on any earlier time.
Accordingly, for the reasons I had given, the time bar under s 6(1)(a) of the
LA of 6 years for the enforcement of the Second Judgment in Singapore had not
yet set in because the fresh action in Singapore upon the Second Judgment was
taken well within 6 years of the date of the Second Judgment.

**_Effect of the absence of contrary expert evidence on Californian law_**

107 The defendant failed to produce any expert evidence to contradict what the
expert on Californian law had said in his affidavit on behalf of the plaintiff
in relation to the nature and effect of the Second Judgment under Californian
law. According to counsel for the defendant, the defendant lacked funds to
obtain an expert opinion from a Californian lawyer on this issue. The
defendant merely contended that Stearman was not independent as he was the
plaintiff’s attorney in the California proceedings. I did not think the mere
fact of his association with the plaintiff in those California proceedings
would preclude him from rendering an expert opinion on Californian law before
this court.

108 When the defendant themselves produced no expert evidence on Californian
law to support his case that it was not a fresh judgment and that it did not
create any new obligation, all I was left with was Stearman’s opinion, and
even if I were to treat the expert evidence with come circumspection and care
because he was not “independent” and might not be entirely objective in his
opinion, it would still have remained unchallenged, and I would have little
choice but to accept largely what Stearman had opined as being the correct and
true position under Californian law, following the approach set out by the
Court of Appeal decision in the case of _Saeng-Un Udom v Public Prosecutor_
[2001] 3 SLR 1, which was instructive on how the court ought to treat the
evidence of an expert in the absence of contrary expert evidence. The Court of
Appeal said:

26 The duties of a judge in dealing with expert opinion are succinctly stated
in 10 _Halsbury’s Laws of Singapore_ (2000) [120. 257]:

As to reception of the evidence, the court may, if there is no definite expert
evidence to the contrary, agree with the expert (_Official Administrator
Federated Malay States v State of Selangor_ [1939] MLJ 226) but it must not
blindly accept the evidence merely because there is no definite opinion to the
contrary (_Re Choo Eng Choon, decd_ (1908) 12 SSLR 120). Apart, however, from
that duty, the duty of the court is largely negative. Ex hypothesi, the
evidence is outside the learning of the court. Therefore, the role of the
court is restricted to electing or choosing between conflicting expert
evidence or accepting or rejecting the proffered expert evidence, though none
else is offered (_Muhammad Jefrry bin Safii v PP_ [1997] 1 SLR 197). _The
court should not, when confronted with expert evidence which is unopposed and
appears not to be obviously lacking in defensibility, reject it nevertheless
and prefer to draw its own inferences. While the court is not obliged to
accept expert evidence by reason only that it is unchallenged_ (_Sek Kim Wah v
PP_ [1987] SLR 107), _if the court finds that the evidence is based on sound
grounds and supported by the basic facts, it can do little else than to accept
the evidence_. [emphasis is added]

27 In this case, it certainly cannot be said that Dr Lau’s opinion was
“obviously lacking in defensibility”. In our opinion, his evidence was based
on sound grounds and supported by the basic facts. In the face of such
evidence, the judge, with respect, was not entitled to venture his own opinion
on a matter which was clearly “outside the learning of the court”. In our
judgment, in this case, he was not entitled to reject Dr Lau’s opinion and
substitute it with one of his own.

109 However, it did not mean that the court should close its mind and
slavishly accept the uncontradicted evidence of an expert. The court would
still have to closely scrutinise the expert’s evidence for the reasons stated
by VK Rajah JA in _Sakthivel Punithavathi v Public Prosecutor_ [2007] 2 SLR
983 at [76]:

76 What is axiomatic is that a judge is not entitled to substitute his own
views for those of an uncontradicted expert’s: _Saeng-Un Udom v PP_ [2001] 3
SLR 1. Be that as it may, a court must not on the other hand unquestioningly
accept unchallenged evidence. Evidence must invariably be sifted, weighed and
evaluated in the context of the factual matrix and in particular, the
objective facts. An expert’s opinion “should not fly in the face of proven
extrinsic facts relevant to the matter” per Yong Pung How CJ in _Dr Khoo James
v Gunapathy d/o Muniandy_ [2002] 2 SLR 414 at [65]. In reality, substantially
the same rules apply to the evaluation of expert testimony as they would to
other categories of witness testimony. Content credibility, evidence of
partiality, coherence and a need to analyse the evidence in the context of
established facts remain vital considerations; demeanour, however, more often
than not recedes into the background as a yardstick.

110 After carefully examining the evidence of Stearman, I did not find that
his opinion was “obviously lacking in defensibility” or that his opinion was
not sufficiently supported by appropriate case law from the Californian
courts. With simply no other evidence to contradict the evidence of Stearman,
I therefore found as a fact on a balance of probability that the Second
Judgment created a new and fresh obligation under Californian law. Hence, this
new judgment debt or payment obligation arising out of this Second Judgment
accrued not on some previous date but on the date the Second Judgment was
issued.

111 If both parties had not produced any expert evidence (which was not the
case here), then the court would be compelled to assume as a fact that
Californian law was the same as Singapore law and then apply Californian law
as if it were the same as Singapore law. But that would still not be applying
Singapore law in a strict sense and the principle of having to decide the fact
based on Californian law would remain intact.

112 Hence, even if counsel for the defendant were right (which I did not think
he was) that the plaintiff’s expert evidence on Californian law should be
disregarded completely because he was not an independent expert, I would still
not depart from my earlier factual finding at [110]. Assuming Californian law
to be the same as Singapore law (in the absence of any expert evidence from
either party), the true nature and effect of the Second Judgment under
Singapore law (applied as if it was Californian law) would in my view not be
different from the English position taken in _ED & F Man (Sugar) Ltd v Yani
Haryanto_, where the party was not precluded from prolonging the expiry of a
limitation period pertaining to a judgment by seeking a second judgment (that
was itself final, conclusive and enforceable at common law) in an action upon
the former within the prescribed period of limitation, and the outstanding
judgment debt under a second judgment therefore constituted an independent and
fresh cause of action. The action upon the Second Judgment would still not be
time barred under the LA even if I were to discard the expert evidence of
Stearman on account of his lack of independence.

Conclusion

113 For the reasons stated above, I allowed the appeals and set aside the AR’s
orders. Accordingly, I granted summary judgment for plaintiff and fixed the
costs of the appeal and that of the hearing below at $15,000 plus further
costs of reasonable disbursements to be paid by the defendant to the
plaintiff.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 02 Sep 2008 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

