Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Abdul Salam Asanaru Pillai (trading as South Kerala Cashew Exporters) v
Nomanbhoy & Sons Pte Ltd  
[2008] SGHC 48

Case Number | : | Suit 97/2006, SUM 4826/2007  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 03 April 2008  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Choo Han Teck J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Tan Teng Muan and Loh Li Qin (Mallal & Namazie) for the plaintiff; Lawrence Teh Kee Wee, Derek Kang Yu Hsien, Jeannette Lim and Ng Hui Min (Rodyk & Davidson LLP) for the defendant; Sarbjit Singh and Suja Sasidharan (Lim & Lim) for the second defendant in counterclaim   
Parties | : |  Abdul Salam Asanaru Pillai (trading as South Kerala Cashew Exporters) — Nomanbhoy & Sons Pte Ltd   
  
Civil Procedure  
  

3 April 2008 |   
---|---  
  
Choo Han Teck J:

1 By this summons the defendant (Nomanbhoy & Sons Pte Ltd) prayed for security
for costs against the plaintiff (Abdul Salam Asanaru Pillai trading as South
Kerala Cashew Exporters) and the second defendant by counterclaim
(Vallinayagam Dheenathayalavel). Both the plaintiff and the second defendant
(by counterclaim) reside overseas. The trial is likely to be only marginally
less difficult than the parties have been with each other. Taking into account
the complexity of the case and the intransigency of the parties in
accommodating each other, a fair estimate of the time for trial is probably 15
days, and maybe more.

2 Numerous interlocutory applications had been heard even before this action
was docketed to be heard by me and since then, further applications and cross
applications had been made, but I had kept them on a small scale with the view
that the action proceed more expeditiously and with the intention of reducing
the costs of trial.

3 The defendant was entitled to ask for security for costs to be provided
against both the parties named since they are foreign companies. Mr Teh,
counsel for the defendant, had asked for a much larger sum than the $30,000 I
awarded. He submitted that a 15-day trial may cost $400,000 in terms of taxed
costs.

4 Mr Tan, counsel for the plaintiff, submitted that the defendant had failed
to obtain security for costs in its previous application, and since there had
been no change in the circumstances, this application should also be refused.
I am of the view, however, that since the previous application, the skirmishes
between the parties had risen in number and intensity. I thought it was now
appropriate to review the question of security for costs.

5 It is not easy to judge the merits of this action even if only to determine
a good arguable case or a sound, plausible defence as the cases on both sides
seem equally balanced and the tilt is likely to be made only after the
evidence has been tested. This may not be the sole test but it would be useful
and relevant for the court to know, for the purposes of a security for costs
application, which party appears to have the stronger case. In the instant
case, this aspect was of little assistance.

6 I can only follow the progress on paper until the time the interlocutories
were all heard by me. The parties had been constantly accusing each other of
delay and unreasonableness. In my view, it was the plaintiff who had been the
more unreasonable party. I am of the view that some security for costs ought
to be provided even if only as a small measure in reducing further
applications before trial. If not for the fact that neither party had a _prima
facie_ stronger claim on merits, and further, having regard to the fact that
this matter ought to proceed to trial soon, I would have ordered a larger sum
than $30,000. One of the pertinent reasons I think that the plaintiff should
now provide some security is that judging by its conduct in the series of
interlocutories, it is likely that the plaintiff will place all kinds of
obstacles in the recovery of costs should the defendant succeed at trial. Mr
Tan complained that the plaintiff is “bleeding” every day, but the history of
the progress of this action to date did not seem to justify counsel’s claim.
Accordingly, I was of the view that the sum of $30,000 was an appropriate sum
and I so ordered.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 03 Apr 2008 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

