Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Mir Hassan bin Abdul Rahman and Another v Attorney-General  
[2008] SGHC 147

Case Number | : | OS 941/2008, SUM 3135/2008  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 05 September 2008  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Tan Lee Meng J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Michael Hwang SC, Fong Lee Cheng (Michael Hwang), Phang Sin Kat, Susan Wong (Messrs Phang & Co) for the applicants; Soh Tze Bian (Attorney-General's Chambers) for the respondent; N Sreenivasan, Valerie Ang (Messrs Straits Law Practice LLC), Siva Krishnasamy (Messrs Tan Lee & Partners) for the 1st to 60th respondents in STB 2/2008; Ng Poh Wah in person; Shaikh Mahfutz bin Ahmad Mattar in person   
Parties | : |  Mir Hassan bin Abdul Rahman; V Shunmuganathan — Attorney-General   
  
Administrative Law – Judicial review – Discretion of Strata Title Board to fix
hearing dates – Strata Title Board fixing hearing on date after its mandate
expired and after contractual deadline for obtaining Board's approval for
collective sale in sale and purchase agreement – Whether Strata Title Board
and its Registrar had exercised discretion illegally and/or irrationally in
Wednesbury sense by fixing hearing on date beyond its mandate and was exercise
in futility  
  
Land – Strata titles – Collective sales – Discretion of Strata Title Board to
fix hearing dates – Duty of Strata Title Board to act expeditiously – Strata
Title Board fixing hearing on date after its mandate expired and after
contractual deadline for obtaining Board's approval for collective sale in
sale and purchase agreement – Whether Strata Title Board had to make final
order or determination within six months from date constituted – Section 92(9)
Building Maintenance and Strata Management Act 2004 (Act 47 of 2004) –
Regulation 20 Building Maintenance and Strata Management (Strata Titles
Boards) Regulations 2005 (S 195/2005)  
  

5 September 2008 |   
---|---  
  
Tan Lee Meng J:

1  The applicants, the authorized representatives of the sale committee of
Tampines Court, applied for judicial review of the decision of the Strata
Title Board (“STB”) to resume the hearing of their application (“STB No 2 of
2008”) for approval of the _en bloc_ sale of Tampines Court on 7 August 2008.
I quashed the STB’s decision and ordered the STB to resume the said hearing on
Monday, 21 July 2008. The reasons for my decision are stated below.

Background

2 Tampines Court is a privatized HUDC estate comprising 560 housing units. The
residents appointed a sale committee for the purpose of a collective sale
agreement dated 5 May 2006. According to the sale committee, subsidiary
proprietors holding 82.14% of the share values of Tampines Court had signed
the collective sale agreement and committed themselves to the _en bloc_ sale.

3 On 25 March 2007, the sale committee and Orchard Mall Pte Ltd (“the
purchaser”) concluded a sale and purchase agreement (“the S & PA”) for the
collective sale and purchase of Tampines Court for the sum of $395 million
plus a sum of $10 million to cater for subsidiary proprietors whose share of
the sale proceeds from the _en bloc_ sale is insufficient to pay off the
encumbrances on their properties. Under the S & PA, the STB’s approval of the
_en bloc_ sale must be obtained by 25 July 2008 “unless the parties hereto
mutually agree in writing to extend the time for the obtaining of the STB
order.”

4 The sale committee could have applied for the STB’s approval of the _en
bloc_ sale much earlier but it wanted to do so only after the decision of the
STB in the _Gillman Heights_ case, which also involved the _en bloc_ sale of a
privatized HUDC estate. According to the sale committee, two important issues
in the _Gillman Heights_ case, which was heard by the STB in the latter half
of 2007, were relevant to its application to the STB for approval of the _en
bloc_ sale. The first issue concerned the application of s 84A of the Land
Titles (Strata) Act (Cap 158, 1999 Rev Ed) ) (“LTSA”) to a privatized HUDC
estate. The second issue concerned the minimum percentage of share values
required to approve the _en bloc_ sale of a privatized HUDC estate before it
can be sold. The STB delivered its decision in the _Gillman Heights_ case on
21 December 2007 and on 7 January 2008, the sale committee applied for the
STB’s approval of the _en bloc_ sale of Tampines Court.

5 On 1 February 2008, the STB was constituted to hear STB No 2 of 2008. The
parties were invited to resolve their differences through mediation. However,
the first mediation hearing on 29 February 2008, the second mediation hearing
on 10 April 2008 and the third mediation hearing on 10 June 2008 did not
result in an agreement between those who wanted to sell their housing units
and those who did not.

6 Following the failure of the mediation efforts, the hearing of STB No 2 of
2008 was fixed for 16 to 18 June 2008. The hearing was not completed by 18
June 2008. According to the sale committee, only one of its witnesses had not
been cross-examined and he had filed a very short affidavit. The STB decided
that the hearing would resume on 7 August 2008.

7 At this juncture, two points must be noted. First, the STB is required by s
92(9) of the Building Maintenance and Strata Management Act 2004 (Act No 47 of
2004) (“the Act”) to make a final order or determination with respect to the
application for the _en bloc_ sale by 1 August 2008 unless that date has been
extended by the Minister. Secondly, as the contractual deadline in the S & PA
for the obtaining of the STB’s approval of the _en bloc_ sale is 25 July 2008,
a hearing on 7 August 2008 would be academic unless the purchaser agreed to
extend the deadline.

8 The Deputy President of the STB asked the applicants’ solicitors, Phang &
Co, to seek an extension of the deadline from the purchaser. He also gave
instructions that the Minister’s consent be sought for an extension of the 1
August 2008 deadline for the STB to make known its decision on STB No 2 of
2008. To date, no ministerial approval for the extension desired by the STB
has been obtained.

9 On 26 June 2008, Phang & Co wrote to the purchaser to extend the deadline on
25 July 2008 for obtaining the STB’s approval for the _en bloc_ sale. On 27
June 2008, the purchaser replied that it was not minded to extend the said
deadline.

10 In view of the purchaser’s stand, the applicants applied on 30 June 2008
for the hearing date to be brought forward. On 11 July 2008, the STB’s
Registrar dismissed the sale committee’s application.

11 On 14 July 2008, the applicants filed an Originating Summons for leave to
apply for judicial review. Leave was granted on 16 July 2008.

The hearing of the application for judicial review

12 As the STB and its Registrar have a discretion to fix hearing dates, the
issue before the court was whether the STB and its Registrar had exercised
their discretion illegally and/or irrationally in the _Wednesbury_ sense when
deciding that the hearing of STB No 2 of 2008 would resume on 7 August 2008.

13 The applicants contended that the STB’s decision to resume the hearing of
their application for approval of the _en boc_ sale of Tampines Court on 7
August 2008 should be quashed for two reasons. First, the decision is illegal
because the STB is required by law to complete the hearing of the application
for approval of the _en bloc_ sale by 1 August 2008. Secondly, bearing in mind
that the STB had around six months to consider the application and the
deadline for obtaining the STB’s approval of the _en bloc_ sale is 25 July
2008, the decision to resume the hearing of the application on 7 August 2008
is unreasonable or irrational in the _Wednesbury_ sense.

**_Illegality_**

14 One of the most traversed grounds for judicial review is illegality. In
_Council of Civil Service Unions and Ors v Minister for the Civil Service_
[1985] AC 374 (“the _GCHQ_ case”), Lord Diplock explained at p 410 that a
decision-maker must understand correctly the law that regulates his decision-
making power and must give effect to it. This aspect of illegality covers a
situation where an act is done without legal authority.

15 Admittedly, r 20 of the Building Maintenance and Strata Management (Strata
Titles Boards) Regulations 2005 (S 195/2005) confers on the STB and its
Registrar a wide discretion to fix the dates for hearing a case. It provides
as follows:

A Board may, _in its discretion_ , adjourn a mediation session, direction
hearing or arbitration hearing _on any ground_ and may fix a time for a
further mediation session or hearing.

[emphasis added]

16 Dates of hearings of the STB are, without more, not the concern of the
courts. Whether a hearing is scheduled for June, July or August is usually an
administrative matter for the STB to consider. Even so, r 20 must be viewed in
the context of s 92(9) of the Act, which provides as follows:

A Board _shall_ carry out its work _expeditiously_ and _shall_ make a final
order or determination _within 6 months_ from the date it is constituted or
within such extension of time as may be granted by the Minister.

[emphasis added]

17 As the deadline for the STB’s final order or determination in the present
case is 1 August 2008, and no ministerial extension of the deadline had been
sought or given on the day the date of the resumed hearing was fixed, the STB
had no authority to hear the application after 1 August 2008. In this context,
it is worth noting that in _Administrative Law_ (Butterworths, 8th Ed, 1995),
David Foulkes stated at p 198 as follows:

The _essence of the_  _ultra vires doctrine…_ is that a person or body acting
under statutory power can only do those things the statute authorizes him or
it to do; an act will be ultra vires if the person or body doing it did not
have the statutory power to do it.

[original emphasis in italics]

18 In regard to procedural _ultra vires_ , the following comments of MP Jain
in _Administrative Law of Malaysia and Singapore_ (Malayan Law Journal, 3rd
Ed, 1997) at p 434 are relevant:

A statute may lay down some procedural norms for the exercise of a
discretionary power. The procedural norms may be characterized by the courts
either as directory or mandatory. Mandatory rules are vital and go to the root
of the matter. _If norms are characterized as mandatory (as distinguished from
directory), then the non-observance of these norms vitiates the discretionary
act and it is declared as ultra vires…. Usually the following procedural norms
are regarded by the courts as mandatory …. (vii) a requirement that a decision
be taken within a prescribed period._

[emphasis added]

19 Finally, reference may be made to _The King v Commonwealth Court of
Conciliation Arbitration_ [1949] 80 CLR 164, where Latham CJ said at 169 as
follows:

If the person under the duty professes to perform it, but what he actually
does amounts in law to no performance because he has misconceived his duty or,
in the course of attempting to discharge it, _has failed to comply with some
requirement essential to its valid or effectual performance_ , he may be
commanded by the writ to execute his function according to law _de novo_ , at
any rate if a sufficient demand or request to do so has been made upon him.

[emphasis added]

20 As the STB acted _ultra vires_ by fixing the resumed hearing of STB No 2 of
2008 on 7 August 2008, when its mandate to hear the application in question
would have expired by that date, its decision must be quashed.

**_Wednesday unreasonableness_**

21 The second string in the applicants’ bow for quashing the STB’s decision to
resume its hearing of the application for approval of the _en bloc_ sale of
Tampines Court on 7 August 2008 relates to _Wednesbury_ unreasonableness. In
the _GCHQ_ case ([14] _supra_), Lord Diplock explained as follows:

By “irrationality” I mean what can by now be succinctly referred to as
“Wednesbury unreasonableness” (_Associated Provincial Picture Houses Ltd v
Wednesbury Corporation_ [1948] 1 KB 223). It applies to a decision which is so
outrageous in its defiance of logic or of accepted moral standards that no
sensible person who had applied his mind to the question to be decided could
have arrived at it. Whether a decision falls within this category is a
question that judges by their training and experience should be well equipped
to answer, or else there would be something badly wrong with our judicial
system.

22 In support of their assertion that the STB’s decision on the date for the
resumed hearing ought to be reviewed, the applicants urged the court to take
into account the purpose of s 84A of the LTSA and the fact that any order made
by the STB at a hearing on 7 August 2008 would be an exercise in futility
because the hearing would be after the contractual deadline for the obtaining
of the STB’s approval for the _en bloc_ sale. The applicants also submitted
that the timelines set by the STB for the hearing of STB No 2 of 2008 created
a legitimate expectation that it would hear the case and come to a decision
before 25 July 2008. They referred to the _GCHQ_ case ([14] _supra_), where
Lord Diplock pointed out that a “legitimate expectation” has consequences to
which effect will be given in public law.

23 Counsel for the 1st to 60th respondents in STB No 2 of 2008, Mr N
Sreenivasan, retorted that the deadline in the S & PA is not the concern of
the STB. His clients blamed the sale committee for the predicament it found
itself in and asserted that the sale committee should have applied for the
STB’s approval of the _en bloc_ sale earlier instead of awaiting the outcome
of the _Gillman Heights_ case._Heights Heights_ It was also pointed out that
the hearing of STB No 2 of 2008 was delayed because the applicants had applied
to amend the S & PA. A similar line of argument was advanced by Mdm Ng Poh
Wah, one of the subsidiary proprietors who opposed the _en bloc_ sale of
Tampines Court.

24 The STB’s views must of course be considered. The STB informed the court
that it did not object to the orders sought by the applicants. More
importantly, the STB intimated that it was able to resume the hearing of STB
No 2 of 2008 within the prescribed time limit of six months if it was ordered
to do so by the court.

25 It must be borne in mind that the LTSA is intended to facilitate _en bloc_
sales: see _Ng Swee Lang v Samuel Bernard Sassoon_ [2008] 1 SLR 522, at [49],
[59] and [109]; endorsed on appeal by the Court of Appeal (see [2008] 2 SLR
597 at [36] – [37]). Furthermore, s 92(9) of the Act requires the STB to act
expeditiously. Of course, each case must be decided on its own facts and
applicants who file an application so late in the day that it is unrealistic
or impossible to expect the STB to complete the hearing before the deadline
fixed for completion of an _en bloc_ sale must take the consequences of their
own delay. However, different considerations may arise in exceptional
circumstances such as those in the present case, where the STB’s own deadline
of six months to make a final order or determination with respect to the
application for the _en bloc_ sale is just a few days after the deadline under
the S & PA for obtaining the STB’s approval for the _en bloc_ sale and the STB
is in a position to complete the hearing before the latter deadline.

26 Whether or not it was wise for the sale committee to await the STB’s
decision in the _Gillman Heights_ case before applying for the requisite
approval of the _en bloc_ sale of Tampines Court, the STB’s decision to
schedule the resumed hearing on 7 August 2008, which is beyond its mandate and
is an exercise in futility, was, in the circumstances of this case,
unreasonable in the _Wednesbury_ sense.

Conclusion

27 For the reasons stated, the decision of the STB to resume the hearing of
the application for approval of the _en bloc_ sale on 7 August 2008 was
quashed and the STB was ordered to resume the said hearing on Monday, 21 July
2008.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 05 Sep 2008 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

