Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Zhao Zhipeng v Public Prosecutor  
[2008] SGHC 125

Case Number | : | MA 34/2008  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 06 August 2008  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Chan Sek Keong CJ   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Raymond Lye and Cheryl-Ann Yeo (Pacific Law Corporation) for the appellant; Christopher Ong (Attorney-General's Chambers) for the respondent   
Parties | : |  Zhao Zhipeng — Public Prosecutor   
  
Criminal Procedure and Sentencing – Sentencing – Mitigation – Corruption or
match-fixing offences – Internationalisation of S.League – Professional
footballer approached by manager having effective control of employment –
Committing offence out of fear not personal greed – Factors to consider in
sentencing  
  

6 August 2008 |   
---|---  
  
Chan Sek Keong CJ:

Introduction

1 The appellant, a professional footballer who played for the Liaoning
Guangyuan Football Club (“LGFC”) in the S.League, Singapore’s professional
football league, was charged with the following charges under s 6(_a_) of the
Prevention of Corruption Act (Cap 241, 1993 Rev Ed) (“PCA”) for what is
colloquially called “match-fixing” of a number of football games:

**_1 st charge_**

You,  
Zhao Zhipeng  
…

are charged that you, on or about a day in the month of October 2007, at Block
157B, Tamarind Road, Serenity Park, #02-08, Singapore, being an agent, to wit,
a professional footballer in the employ of [LGFC], did corruptly accept for
yourself a gratification of a sum of $2,000/- (Two Thousand Dollars) from one
Wang Xin, the Team Manager of [LGFC], as a reward for having done an act in
relation to your principal’s affairs, to wit, having assisted to lose the
match by at least 3 goals during the S-League football match played between
Geylang United Football Club and [LGFC] on 3rd October 2007, and you have
thereby committed an offence punishable under Section 6(a) of the Prevention
of Corruption Act, Chapter 241.

**_2 nd charge_**

You,  
Zhao Zhipeng  
…

are charged that you, on a day between 1st November 2007 and 12th November
2007, at Block 157B, Tamarind Road, Serenity Park, #02-08, Singapore, being an
agent, to wit, a professional footballer in the employ of [LGFC], did
corruptly accept for yourself a gratification of a sum of $2,000/- (Two
Thousand Dollars) from one Wang Xin, the Team Manager of [LGFC], as a reward
for having done an act in relation to your principal’s affairs, to wit, having
assisted to lose the match by at least 3 goals during the S-League football
match played between Gombak United Football Club and [LGFC] on 1st November
2007, and you have thereby committed an offence punishable under Section 6(a)
of the Prevention of Corruption Act, Chapter 241.

**_3 rd charge:_**

You,  
Zhao Zhipeng  
…

are charged that you, on or about 12th November 2007, in Singapore, being an
agent, to wit, a professional footballer in the employ of [LGFC], did
corruptly agree to accept for yourself a gratification of an unspecified sum
from one Wang Xin, the Team Manager of [LGFC], as an inducement for doing an
act in relation to your principal’s affairs, to wit, losing the match by at
least 2 goals during the S-League football match played between Albirex
Niigata Football Club and [LGFC] on 12th November 2007, and you have thereby
committed an offence punishable under Section 6(a) of the Prevention of
Corruption Act, Chapter 241.

2 He pleaded guilty to the second charge and consented to the two other
charges (“the TIC charges”) being taken into consideration for the purpose of
sentencing. The punishment for each of these charges is a term of imprisonment
not exceeding five years or a fine not exceeding $100,000 or both.

3 The district judge sentenced the appellant to seven months’ imprisonment and
ordered him to pay a penalty of $4,000 which represented the sums he had
received from Wang Xin. The appeal before me was against the custodial
sentence and not against the penalty. The appellant sought either a
replacement of the jail term by an appropriate fine or a reduction in the
length of the imprisonment.

4 I allowed the appeal and reduced the custodial sentence to five months (with
the penalty remaining intact). I now give my reasons.

**The facts**

**_Background_**

5 The appellant is a People’s Republic of China (“PRC”) national. He was a
professional footballer in China with the Shanghai Shenghua Football Club. In
June 2007, he arrived in Singapore on loan to LGFC, to compete in the S.League
2007 season. The S.League 2007 season, which began in March 2007 and ended in
November 2007, was LGFC’s debut season in Singapore.

6 LGFC is a joint venture between Liaoning Football Club and the Guangyuan
Real Estate Company (“GREC”), both based in China. It was formed in late 2006
by a PRC national, Liu Jun, the director of GREC. After the formation of LGFC,
Liu Jun appointed one Wang Xin, also a PRC national, as the general manager of
LGFC. As general manager, Wang Xin had the power to select and sack players,
coach and manage the staff of LGFC. The chairman of LGFC is a PRC national
named Gu Wei who was the manager of GREC.

7 Sometime in mid-2006, one Steven Lee Thong How (“Steven Lee”), the Chairman
of Paya Lebar Punggol Football Club (another club in the S.League), was in
China to look for potential women soccer players. While he was there, he met
Gu Wei, who expressed an interest in LGFC participating in the S.League 2007
season. Subsequently, Steven Lee assisted Gu Wei in recommending the team to
the Football Association of Singapore (“FAS”), which is the governing body of
football in Singapore and which had set up the S.League. After several
meetings between LGFC and FAS, FAS invited LGFC to participate in the S.League
2007 season.

8 LGFC players and officials came to Singapore sometime in February 2007. Wang
Xin had appointed a PRC national, Ding Zhe, as the head coach. Steven Lee was
appointed by Gu Wei as the local vice-president of LGFC as he was based in
Singapore and it was envisaged that he would oversee the accommodation and
welfare of the PRC players. The players and officials, including Wang Xin,
were housed in various units in Serenity Park Condominium at Tamarind Road.

9 It should be noted that, under the rules contained in _The S.League Football
Association of Singapore Official Handbook: Rules of the S.League & Laws of
The Game 2007_ (Football Association of Singapore, 2007) (“the S.League
Rules”), the LGFC players were required to sign an FAS-approved contract,
which incorporated the Players’ Code of Conduct and Professional Ethics (“Code
of Conduct”), when they joined the S.League (see below at [41]). It was not
disputed that they were briefed on the contents of the Code of Conduct, which
included a prohibition on soccer betting and bribery in para 5:

No payment or offer of (or attempt to offer) any payment of any kind or form
or of whatever nature shall be received by or be made to the Player with the
intention to influence the result of any match organised or sanctioned by FAS,
and any such communication received shall be reported immediately to, among
others, the Club.

In the appellant’s case, Steven Lee had interpreted and explained the Code of
Conduct to him.

10 At the end of October 2007, the Corrupt Practices Investigation Bureau
(“CPIB”) received information that LGFC had not performed up to standard
during an S.League match with Geylang United Football Club. This triggered
investigations which led to the charges against the appellant.

**_Facts pertaining to the charges_**

11 Investigations revealed that Wang Xin had placed soccer bets on S.League
matches through a PRC friend in China. This friend had used a PRC website
“Huang Guan” to help Wang Xin bet on the matches. In order to ensure that the
desired outcomes of the matches were achieved, Wang Xin enlisted the help of
his team players. In the course of investigations, he was found to have
approached eight players from LGFC to fix the score line for LGFC matches.
Wang Xin would approach the players individually before the match and tell
them to lose the match by a certain number of goals. If the desired outcome
was achieved, Wang Xin would give the players a sum of money as a reward.

12 Wang Xin had approached the appellant on three occasions. The first
occasion (forming the subject of the first charge) was prior to a match
between Geylang United Football Club and LGFC played on 3 October 2007. It
appears that Wang Xin instructed the appellant not to play to the best of his
ability such that LGFC would lose the match by at least three goals. It was
not denied that the appellant followed Wang Xin’s instructions and a few days
later was given a reward of $2,000 by Wang Xin in return.

13 The second occasion (forming the subject of the second charge) took place
before a match against Gombak United Football Club played on 1 November 2007,
for which the appellant had been selected to play in the first eleven as a
centre forward. Before the match, Wang Xin approached the appellant and told
him that they needed to lose the match by at least three goals. Although Wang
Xin did not then mention how much the appellant would receive as a reward, it
was not disputed that the appellant expected a reward similar to the one given
on the first occasion. During the match, the appellant did not play to the
best of his ability and LGFC lost by a score line of 5-0. A few days later,
the appellant was given $2,000 by Wang Xin; it was not disputed that he knew
the money was a reward for his contributing to the defeat in the match against
Gombak United Football Club.

14 The third occasion (forming the subject of the third charge) was in respect
of a match against Albirex Niigata Football Club played on 12 November 2007.
Again, the appellant was approached and followed Wang Xin’s instructions (this
time to lose the match by at least two goals) by not playing to the best of
his ability. The appellant expected to receive a similar sum of $2,000 as a
reward. However, payment was not in fact made as the appellant was arrested on
14 November 2007.

15 Wang Xin absconded from the jurisdiction before he could be arrested.

**The mitigation plea before the district judge**

16 The mitigating factors raised before the district judge were: (a) the young
age of the appellant (he was 27 years old); (b) he was an only child; (c) his
conviction meant that he would be barred from playing football professionally
forever; (d) he had co-operated with the police and pleaded guilty at the
first available opportunity; (e) he was a first-time offender; and (f) he did
not gain financially from the $2,000 bribe as he was entitled to a $1,200
bonus if LGFC won a match in which he played and a further $1,200 if he played
well. In effect, the appellant gave up $2,400 to play well in order to be paid
$2,000 to play badly.

17 His counsel also submitted that the appellant had committed the offences
out of fear of his manager, Wang Xin. Counsel pointed out that Wang Xin had
absolute power within LGFC, having appointed the team coach and been given the
mandate to select and sack the players. The appellant feared that he would be
sacked and sent back to China if he did not follow Wang Xin’s instructions.
Indeed, he had been transferred to play football in Singapore precisely
because Wang Xin had sacked eight players from LGFC in June 2007 and
replacements were needed. Wang Xin also had control over the movements of the
appellant as he had custody of the appellant’s passport, work permit and bank
book.

18 His counsel also submitted that the appellant feared for his family back in
China as Wang Xin had repeatedly mentioned his triad connections in China. On
numerous occasions, Wang Xin had apparently boasted to the appellant about the
disappearances of those who had declined to follow his instructions.

19 Counsel referred to the unreported District Court case of _PP v Chow Kwai
Lam_ District Arrest Case No 31501 of 2006 (“ _Chow Kwai Lam_ ”) in which a
football coach was sentenced to a fine of $50,000 for offering a bribe of $200
to $300 to a player in Paya Lebar Punggol Football Club as an inducement for
intentionally allowing the opposing team to score two to three goals in a
match between that club and another football club. Counsel suggested that the
present case was less serious since the appellant was neither a coach nor in a
similar position of authority, and that therefore the appropriate sentence in
this case was a fine of less than $50,000.

**The Prosecution’s submissions before the district judge**

20 The Prosecution did not make a submission on the sentence but clarified
that _Chow Kwai Lam_ was a case of attempted bribery where the player had
reported the offender to the police before the match was played. It also
pointed out that the appellant’s offence involved a popular sport with a large
following and that it had brought into disrepute the game of football in
general and the S.League in particular (see _Kannan s/o Kunjiraman v PP_
[1995] 3 SLR 757 at 763, [24] where Chief Justice Yong Pung How emphasised
this point). The Prosecution also provided a list of sentences imposed in
previous match-fixing cases for the district judge to consider.

**The decision of the district judge**

21 The district judge accepted the Prosecution’s submission (see _PP v Zhao
Zhipeng_ [2008] SGDC 38 (“the GD”) at [19]) that match-fixing offences would
tarnish the reputation of the sport, the S.League and Singapore. At [20] of
the GD, he referred to the following passage (by Yong Pung How CJ) in
_Rajendran s/o Kurusamy v PP_ [1998] 3 SLR 225 at [127]:

Corruption in soccer must never be condoned. The wider public interest
justified a severe sentence meted out for offenders. In recent years, the
S-league has gained prominence on the local football scene, and its coverage
on local television has increased. What started out as an experimental
football league for various local clubs in Singapore has now become much of an
international affair of high standards, with many professional foreigners
earning a living playing football in Singapore. Many people, including
youngsters, look up to these footballers, local and foreign, as examples to
follow. If I were to be lenient to any particular footballer, ... it would
send out a wrong message, not only to potential footballers playing in
Singapore that we are not tough on football crimes, but also in setting a bad
example to football fans for not preserving the name of the game in the spirit
of sportsmanship.

22 The district judge also accepted that deterrence was the predominant
sentencing consideration here. He was of the view that the public interest in
deterring match-fixing offences was in fact far greater today than in the
earlier cases (at [21] of the GD), because:

The S-League has grown considerably since its beginnings in 1996. Matches now
have an international dimension with the participation of both foreign players
and foreign clubs. International interest is shown in the fact that Wang Xin
could place bets on S-League matches with a website in China.

23 The district judge examined sentencing precedents which showed that
S.League players had been sentenced to between five and six months’
imprisonment for accepting bribes and throwing matches. These precedents are
as follows:

(a) _Kannan s/o Kunjiraman v PP_ ([20] _supra_): The first appellant was an
ex-national player and committee member of Changi United Football Club. He was
sentenced to 18 months’ imprisonment and a penalty of $5,000 under s 5(a)(i)
of the PCA for corruptly receiving $5,000 from a bookmaker as a reward for
arranging an $80,000 bribe to the goalkeeper of the Singapore team
participating in the Football Association of Malaysia Premier League, to
induce the goalkeeper to assist in reducing the winning margin of the
Singapore team in its match against Perlis. The second appellant was the
President of Changi United Football Club. He was sentenced to 30 months’
imprisonment and a penalty of $80,000 under s 5(_a_)(i) of the PCA, for
receiving and keeping the $80,000 meant for the goalkeeper.

(b) _Rajendran s/o Kurusamy v PP_ ([21] _supra_): The first accused was a
bookmaker. He was sentenced to a total of 18 months’ imprisonment for
promising to give gratification to a football player in return for the
football player arranging with his teammates to lose two football matches. The
second accused was the bookmaker’s employee who would pass the gratification
($38,000 for the first match and $3,000 for the second match) to the football
player after each match. He was sentenced to a fine. The third accused was the
football player’s captain who agreed to take part in the arrangement. He was
sentenced to a total of four months’ imprisonment.

(c) _PP v Mirko Jurilj_ District Arrest Cases Nos 36707–36709 of 2000: The
accused was a foreign player in the S.League who agreed with another person to
influence the results of S.League matches in return for the latter placing
bets amounting to $22,000 on the player’s behalf on the outcome of the fixed
matches. The accused was convicted of two charges under s 6(_a_) of the PCA
and sentenced to five months’ imprisonment on each charge, to run concurrently
(_ie_ , a total of five months’ imprisonment).

(d) _PP v Lutz Pfannenstiel_ District Arrest Cases Nos 36710–36712 of 2000:
The accused was a foreign player in the S.League who agreed with another
person to influence the results of S.League matches in return for the latter
placing bets amounting to $12,000 on the player’s behalf on the outcome of the
fixed matches. The accused was convicted of three charges under s 6(_a_) of
the PCA and sentenced to a total of five months’ imprisonment.

(e) _PP v Muhammed Hakim_ District Arrest Cases Nos 2934 and 2935 of 2007 (“
_Hakim_ ”): The accused was a professional football player who accepted
gratification as an inducement to get a red card during a football match. He
also offered gratification to another professional football player as an
inducement to get a red card during the same match. The accused was sentenced
to two terms of six months’ imprisonment, to run concurrently (_ie_ , a total
of six months’ imprisonment).

(f) _PP v Chow Kwai Lam_ ([19] _supra_): The facts of this case have been
described at [19] above.

The district judge regarded _Hakim_ as reflecting a recent (and therefore more
accurate) assessment of the seriousness of the pertinent offence, and reasoned
that the appellant’s offence was more serious than that of bribing someone to
get a red card (see the GD at [32]). He distinguished _Chow Kwai Lam_ on the
ground that in that case no match was actually lost as a result of the
accused’s corrupt acts as the player had reported the accused to the
authorities.

24 The district judge also noted that the TIC charges showed that the offence
was not an isolated one. Thus, he felt that this was an appropriate case where
the sentence should be enhanced in view of the TIC charges (at [37] of the
GD).

25 As for the mitigating factors, the district judge took into account the
appellant’s co-operation with the CPIB and his plea of guilt. However, he was
not favourably impressed by the arguments in respect of the appellant’s fear
of Wang Xin. He noted that the fear of losing a job was never a valid reason
for committing an offence. He further reasoned that the fact that the
appellant accepted the money suggested that what he had done was of his own
volition and done without a guilty conscience (at [33] of the GD).

26 The district judge also rejected the submission that the appellant had not
benefited from losing the matches. His view was that this was not a factor
that reduced the seriousness of the offence. He pointed out that there was no
guarantee that LGFC would win or that the appellant would be given an
individual bonus even if he had played to the best of his ability.

27 For all these reasons, the district judge sentenced the appellant to seven
months’ imprisonment and a penalty of $4,000.

**This court’s decision**

**_Deterrence_**

28 I endorse the approach that deterrence is the most appropriate and
therefore the dominant sentencing principle in match-fixing offences. In my
view, it is particularly appropriate in the context of match-fixing in the
S.League, as I will elaborate in [30] to [32] below. In many corruption cases,
the need for specific deterrence may be absent, depending on the role of the
defendant, his culpability and the social harm that might be caused. In the
present case, for instance, the appellant will not be able to offend again in
Singapore as he will be repatriated to China. He might not even be able to re-
offend in China if he is banned from playing professional football because of
his conviction here. Nevertheless, there is clearly a need to impose a
sentence which would act as a general deterrence against corruption in
football games in Singapore.

29 The game of football, whether played by amateurs or professionals, provides
particularly fertile ground for the growth of corruption among coaches,
players and even officials. Since 1995, more than 15 players, officials,
bookmakers and a referee have been convicted of match-fixing offences. The
cases set out at [23] above demonstrate the different types of corrupt
practices that can be perpetrated by officials, coaches, players and
bookmakers alike. Some players are bribed to lose (or “throw”) matches, or to
lose matches by a certain margin; others to use extra effort to win matches,
or to win matches by a certain margin. Players have even been bribed to commit
fouls and get themselves “red-carded” and sent off the pitch (resulting in a
weakened team playing against a stronger team). Bets are then placed on every
kind of event or outcome, not only by the offerers of the bribes but sometimes
even the recipients of the bribes. The only winners are the match-fixers. The
losers are the innocent betting public as well as the S.League.

30 The aims of the S.League are admirable. Its mission statement reads as
follows:

**TOWARDS THE PROMOTION OF FOOTBALL EXCELLENCE IN SINGAPORE**

To raise the quality of football to fully professional standards whilst
instilling and promoting the ideals of sportsmanship and fair play

**TOWARDS GREATER OPPORTUNITIES FOR FOOTBALL PROFESSIONALS**

To provide a rich and fulfilling environment to enable football players and
coaches to build a strong base of quality talent to compete internationally as
well as gain recognition for the sport as a worthwhile career

**TOWARDS A REGIONAL COMMUNITY-BASED FOOTBALL ENVIRONMENT**

To raise, encourage and nurture community awareness and participation by
providing high quality football worthy of community pride and loyalty

**TOWARDS THE DEVELOPMENT OF YOUTH IN THE LOCAL FOOTBALL SCENE**

To support the regional football clubs in their youth development programmes
with a commitment to promote budding footballers and honing their skills and
knowledge of football.

Apart from avid football fans, the general community has an interest in
preserving football as a professional sport in Singapore for its social,
recreational and economic value. It gives many economically disadvantaged
youths the opportunity to use their football skills to become gainfully
employed and to become useful members of society.

31 If corruption in the S.League is not checked, it will eventually destroy
the reputation and commercial viability of the S.League. The demise of the
S.League will be a great loss to its spectators, but more importantly will
hamper the development of international football in Singapore.

32 Thus, those who seek to undermine the integrity of the S.League by engaging
in, or assisting others to engage in, corrupt acts for monetary gain by
“fixing” tournament matches must be deterred from doing so by appropriate
deterrent sentences, either in the form of a heavy fine and/or custodial
sentence. It is noted in _Sentencing Practice_ _in the Subordinate Courts_
(LexisNexis, 2nd Ed, 2003) at p 814 that:

In deciding if the custody threshold has been breached, the main determinant
would be the mischief or likely consequence of the payment or acceptance of
the bribe (eg did the corruption undermine the administration of justice,
etc).

In the majority of cases cited in [23] above, custodial sentences have been
imposed for match-fixing offences.

33 I agree with the district judge that the internationalisation of the
S.League means that the public interest in deterring match-fixing offences is
in fact far greater than in the earlier cases (see the GD at [21]). The
S.League is a very young football league created for the purpose of raising
the standard of football in Singapore, so that Singapore may create a name for
itself in the international football scene. Initially, only foreign players
were invited to play for the local clubs but foreign teams have now been
participating in the S.League since 2003. The first foreign team (Sinchi
Football Club from China, now defunct) only joined the S.League in 2003. Since
then, four more foreign teams joined the league: Sporting Afrique from Africa
(now defunct), Super Reds from Korea, Albirex Niigata from Japan and LGFC.
This development has raised the international profile of the S.League, a
factor the district judge took into account in imposing a custodial sentence
of seven months.

34 Although the Prosecution did not provide any statistics on the size of the
S.League’s international fan base, it is reasonable to conclude that the
presence of foreign teams and foreign players would generate greater interest
among the international football community as to the prospects of playing in
the S.League, as well as among the international betting community (as evinced
by the creation of overseas websites that allow betting on S.League match
results). Accordingly, I accepted the Prosecution’s submission that match-
fixing in the S.League now has the potential not only to stunt its organic
growth as a healthy national football league, but also to damage the
international profile of Singaporean football. I also found persuasive the
argument that the impact of match-fixing on Singapore’s international
reputation must be viewed in the context of our nation’s present drive to be a
prime venue for prestigious international sporting events, such as the Formula
One Grand Prix taking place in September 2008 and the Youth Olympic Games in
2010. On this basis, the public interest in sending out a strong signal about
our stance against corruption has become even more urgent, since the potential
impact of any damage to our image and reputation would be greater.

**Sentencing precedents**

35 The sentencing precedents demonstrate the courts’ keen sensitivity to the
relative culpability of match-fixing offenders, in imposing sentences that
have been finely calibrated to reflect the offenders’ roles in the match-
fixing and what they stood to gain. Cases on match-fixing typically involve
three kinds of actors: the _giver_ , the _conduit_ and the _recipient_ of the
corrupt gratification. In principle, all of them bear equal responsibility for
the offence (see _Sentencing Practice in the Subordinate Courts_ at p 814,
quoted at [37] below), but practical considerations sometimes determine who is
charged and who is not charged by the Prosecution, _eg_ , where the recipient
is a public servant and the giver is a member of the public whose evidence is
essential to the conviction of the public servant for demanding a bribe for
performing his public duty. However, when it comes to sentencing, the focus
should be on the degree of culpability of the particular offender in bringing
about the match-fixing (see _Sentencing Practice in the Subordinate Courts_ at
p 814, quoted at [37] below). The sentencing precedents demonstrate that the
status and position of the offender will affect the gravity of the sentence
imposed on him (see the cases cited at [23] above).

36 I do not propose to go into the fine details of these precedents except to
mention that the principal culprit, Wang Xin, has fled the jurisdiction and
that I am concerned with the corrupt acts of his underling. On the basis of
the sentencing precedents (see [23] above), the sentence of seven months’
imprisonment imposed on the appellant was not manifestly excessive and would
have been warranted but for the mitigating factor (discussed at [37]–[39]
below) to which the district judge did not give sufficient weight. This factor
was the precarious employment position of the appellant _vis-à-vis_ his
manager, Wang Xin, who had the power to deprive the appellant of the means to
earn a decent living in Singapore as a professional football player.
Furthermore, the appellant had arrived in Singapore for a bare five months
when he was first approached by Wang Xin in October 2007. While these
considerations would not excuse his offence or affect the type of sentence he
deserved, they would affect the severity of the type of punishment meted out
to him.

**Mitigating factor: The appellant’s fear of Wang Xin**

37 The law has always recognised that motive affects the degree of an
offender’s culpability for sentencing purposes. Persons who act out of pure
self-interest and greed will rarely be treated with much sympathy; conversely,
those who are motivated by fear will usually be found to be less blameworthy.
In Nigel Walker & Nicola Padfield, _Sentencing: Theory, Law and Practice_
(Butterworths, 2nd Ed, 1996) at para 4.17, it is pithily stated that: “Motives
matter: some are more disapproved than others. Greed is worse than need.” In
Nigel Walker, _Aggravation, Mitigation and Mercy in English Criminal Justice_
(Blackstone Press Limited, 1999), it is stated (at p 103) that:

Motives for law breaking are usually of the aggravating kind, but occasionally
they mitigate. Fear excites sympathy (except perhaps in courts-martial) and,
when self-defence or duress … is successfully pleaded, can excuse completely
or mitigate heavily.

38 In the present case, the greed motivating the offence stemmed mainly from
Wang Xin who used his dominion over the appellant to exert pressure on the
appellant to act in a manner that would assist his betting activities in China
(see [11] above). The Prosecution does not dispute that the appellant’s
livelihood in Singapore depended largely, if not entirely, on Wang Xin.
Counsel for the appellant tendered a letter from Steven Lee which revealed
that, unlike other S.League clubs in Singapore, there was no executive
committee or other similar entity to manage LGFC. Wang Xin, who had been
directly hired by the owner and founder of the club, made all the important
decisions himself, including the hiring and firing of coaching staff and
players, as well as disciplinary decisions. In other words, LGFC was
effectively controlled by Wang Xin.

39 Further, the evidence shows that the appellant lived together with all the
other LGFC players and coaching staff in five apartments in Serenity Park,
with Wang Xin’s apartment doubling as the club’s office where meetings and
discussions on club matters were often held. Meals were provided by a cook
from China and buses ferried the players to and from training and matches. Far
away from his usual support networks (_ie_ , his friends and family in China)
and cloistered in a world dominated by Wang Xin’s presence, the appellant’s
sense of isolation and fear of antagonising Wang Xin were understandable.
Although not amounting to the kind of duress that would exonerate him from
guilt, this kind of environment would have affected his capacity for
independent action. In such circumstances, I was of the view that the
appellant’s culpability was at the lower end of the scale and that it
warranted a reduction of two months in the custodial sentence imposed on him.

**Concerns regarding foreign clubs in the S.League**

40 Earlier, I referred to the recent internationalisation of the S.League
which has boosted public interest in professional football and made the local
football scene more vibrant and dynamic. However, this case highlights the
potential danger of allowing foreign clubs into the S.League without
introducing proper checks and balances to guard against the abuse of powers by
the owners and/or managers of such football clubs. Foreign players whose
livelihoods depend on such owners and/or managers can easily be persuaded or
even threatened to abet the latter in benefiting from betting on the results
of S.League matches. FAS, as the governing body of the S.League, has oversight
and stewardship of the foreign football clubs and therefore bears a special
responsibility to ensure that they do not introduce and breed corruption into
the S.League.

41 The S.League Rules (see [9] above) contain an elaborate structure of rules
and regulations governing the participation of foreign players and teams in
the S.League. Players have to abide by a Code of Conduct (see [9] above) which
they must sign. With respect to corruption, para 5.1 of the S.League Rules
provides as follows:

5.1 **Corruption: What You Need To Know**

(a) All Clubs shall have in their possession a copy of the document titled
“Corruption: What You Need To Know” (hereinafter “the Corruption Document”).

(b) Prior to the signing of the Players’ Code of Conduct, a Club
representative is to brief all Players thoroughly and clarify all existing
doubts about the Players Code of Conduct as well as the Corruption Document.

(c) A copy of the Corruption Document must also be extended to all Players.

42 However, this elaborate structure of rules and regulations was not
sufficient to prevent the match-fixing by Wang Xin because FAS had little
effective control over the foreign players brought in by LGFC. The example of
LGFC shows that it is entirely possible for a foreign club to be managed and
run on a daily basis by persons from the club’s country of origin in the
manner of a private fiefdom without any kind of meaningful oversight by the
FAS. In such a situation, managers of such clubs may be able to wield a
disproportionate influence over their players. Individual formalistic measures
such as the compulsory Code of Conduct may not be enough to neutralise such
influence. Thus, while the courts should recognise the need for general
deterrence, they should also take into account the specific circumstances in
which the offence took place. I expect that, as a result of this case, the FAS
would have taken, or would be taking, steps to strengthen its supervisory
structure so as to reduce the opportunities for managers and players,
particularly foreign ones, to corrupt the S.League.

**Conclusion**

43 The appellant was a mere passive participant in the match-fixing offences
and the sums which he received (amounting to $4,000) were among the lowest
received by those convicted of match-fixing (see the cases at [23] above). He
committed the offence out of fear of Wang Xin rather than pure personal greed.
However, I was also mindful of the increased international dimension of the
S.League and the greater public interest in sending out a strong signal
against corruption. In the result, I concluded that the appropriate discount
in the appellant’s sentence was two months. The appellant’s sentence was thus
varied to five months’ imprisonment with the penalty of $4,000 remaining
intact.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 06 Aug 2008 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

