Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## City Developments Ltd v Estate of Syed Allowee bin Ally Aljunied, deceased  
[2008] SGHC 237

Case Number | : | OS 126/2008  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 22 December 2008  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Tay Yong Kwang J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Kenneth Pereira and Rajaram Muralli Raja (Allen & Gledhill LLP) for the plaintiff; Leslie Netto and Bevin Netto (Netto & Magin LLC) for the interested parties; Syed Noah Aljunied in person   
Parties | : |  City Developments Ltd — Estate of Syed Allowee bin Ally Aljunied, deceased   
  
Land – Adverse possession – Physical possession – Intention to possess –
Categories of adverse possession claims – Plot of unregistered land –
Developer bought land which enclosed plot – Whether developer, through
predecessors of land, was entitled to plot by adverse possession – Whether
12-year period necessary to establish title by adverse possession could be
constituted by aggregate of separate but continuous periods of adverse
possession by different people – Whether adverse possessor had to know he was
trespassing on another's land – Section 177(3) Land Titles Act 1993 (Act 27 of
1993) and s 9 Limitation Act (Cap 163, 1996 Rev Ed)  
  

22 December 2008 |   
---|---  
  
Tay Yong Kwang J:

Introduction

1 The plaintiff, City Developments Limited, commenced this originating summons
(“OS 126”), seeking a declaration that it is entitled to and that it be vested
with the legal possessory title of a strip of unregistered land known as Lot
1019M of Town Sub Division 28 (“the plot”), which measures some 324 square
metres. The plot is situated off Buckley Road in the Newton area. The basis of
the plaintiff’s claim is that the plaintiff, through its predecessors, have
been in adverse possession of the plot for a continuous period of 12 years
prior to 1 March 1994 and that the rights and title of the defendant or his
personal representatives or any person claiming an interest in the plot have
been extinguished by virtue of the Limitation Act (Cap 163, 1996 Rev Ed). The
defendant, Syed Allowee Bin Ally Aljunied deceased (“Syed Allowee”), is the
last known owner of the plot as listed in the Registry of Titles. After the
substituted service of OS 126 was effected, one Syed Noah Aljunied (“Syed
Noah”) came forward claiming to be the great grandson of Syed Allowee. Two
other persons, Harun Bin Syed Hussain Aljunied @ Harun Aljunied (“Harun”) and
Sharifah Fatimah Binte Abdul Kader Aljunied, also came forward claiming to be
interested parties in the estate of Syed Allowee. The latter two were joined
in these proceedings as interested parties by Judith Prakash J at the first
hearing of OS 126 on 13 March 2008.

2 After hearing the parties, I allowed the plaintiff’s application and held
that the plaintiff was the rightful owner of the plot by adverse possession. I
made no order on costs.

The facts

3 The plaintiff is a public listed company engaged in the business of real
estate investment and development. In September 1999, the plaintiff purchased
a property known as Lot 178V of Town Sub Division 29 (“the property”) from
Kerr Leong Heng Private Limited (“KLH”) for the purposes of redeveloping the
property into residential apartments. KLH was in possession of the property
since 1981 and it built the existing block of apartments on the property.

4 Unknown to KLH and the plaintiff (at the time when it purchased the
property), the land occupied by KLH and subsequently the plaintiff enclosed
both the property and the plot by a chain link fence (“the fence”). The plot
was a thin strip of land situated right at the back of the property and it was
landlocked by all the surrounding properties so that it had no access
whatsoever to any road. The fence separated both the property and the plot
from the neighbouring properties. Both KLH and the plaintiff had thus assumed
that all the land enclosed by the fence was their property. It was only
sometime in August 2000 while preparing its development plans that the
plaintiff discovered that the fence also enclosed the plot. Upon further
investigations, it was found that the plot was one of the five child lots
belonging to a parent lot, _ie_ , Lot 311N of Town Sub Division 28 (“the
parent lot”) that had been partitioned in a successful petition for adverse
possession by the plaintiff’s neighbours under originating summons 119 of 1996
(“OS 119”).

5 The plaintiff’s initial searches on the plot revealed that Syed Allowee was
the last known owner of the plot listed in the Registry of Titles. He was thus
named as the defendant. Despite its efforts, the plaintiff was unable to
locate the last known address or identification number of Syed Allowee. It
therefore applied for substituted service of the court documents whereby
advertisements were published in the local newspapers to invite the personal
representatives of the estate of Syed Allowee as well as any other person who
has an interest in the estate or is related to Syed Allowee to come forward.
As mentioned, Syed Noah and the interested parties subsequently came forward
to participate in the proceedings.

6 The interested parties are allegedly trustees of the Aljunied trust, which
they claimed included properties held in trust by the estates of Syed Allowee
and one Omar Bin Ally Aljunied. They became trustees of the Aljunied trust
pursuant to an order of court in originating summons 69 of 1998 (“the Order of
Court”). The interested parties averred that the plot was one of the trust
properties and that the plot had actually been transferred by Syed Allowee to
Omar Bin Ally Aljunied, both of whom held the plot in trust for the Aljunied
trust.

7 In view of this, the plaintiff commissioned the law firm, Ramdas & Wong, to
conduct an independent review of the title of the plot and a report was
eventually produced (“the report”). The findings, unfortunately, were
equivocal. The title search pointed to Syed Allowee as the owner. However, the
plot was part of a much larger piece of land, in which a series of conveyances
had taken place since Syed Allowee owned the plot in 1884. This larger piece
of land was conveyed to Omar Bin Ally Aljunied but a series of further
conveyances took place thereafter. The report concluded that the beneficial
interest of the plot rested with four individuals, namely, Chung Boon Chiong,
Toh Ah, Toh Eng Hong and Gan Tiong Liong.

8 Given the findings of the report, the plaintiff took up an application to
place an advertisement in the local newspapers, inviting the personal
representatives of the estates of Chung Boon Chiong, Toh Ah, Toh Eng Hong and
Gan Tiong Liong and all other interested parties who may have an interest in
the plot to come forward and make their interest known. To date, no one has
come forward save for Syed Noah and the interested parties.

The parties’ arguments

9 The plaintiff first submitted that the interested parties simply had no
_locus standi_ in the present proceedings. It averred that the interested
parties were neither the direct descendants of Syed Allowee or Omar Bin Ally
Aljunied nor had any links with their estates. The plaintiff also claimed that
the interested parties had deliberately obfuscated their standing by bringing
a lineage going back to one Omar Bin Ally Aljunied, known as Sir Omar (“Sir
Omar”), who was not the same person as Omar Bin Ally Aljunied (who shared the
same name), to whom Syed Allowee had conveyed the plot. Further, the plaintiff
pointed out, from the Order of Court, it could be deduced that the interested
parties were only the trustees of the trust of the will dated 4 May 1984 of
one Syed Ahmad Bin Abdulrahman Bin Ahmat Aljunied (“Syed Ahmad”) and not the
so-called Aljunied trust for the entire Aljunied family. The plaintiff further
pointed out that the Order of Court listed the properties that were
administered under this trust in an amended schedule annexed to the Order of
Court and the plot was not one of them.

10 Secondly, the plaintiff submitted that, in any event, regardless of who the
rightful owner of the plot was, it has established that its predecessors in
title had adverse possession of the plot for the requisite period in law such
that the plaintiff was now the rightful owner of the plot. I will deal with
the evidence adduced by the plaintiff in support of its claim later in this
judgment (see [25]-[28] below).

11 The interested parties maintained that, as trustees of the Aljunied trust,
they have an interest in the plot and an undoubted right to challenge the
plaintiff’s claim to adverse possession of the plot. In Harun’s affidavit
filed on 5 May 2008, he explained that Sir Omar was one of the first Aljunieds
that had come to Singapore and he had purchased many properties here,
including the plot. Sir Omar subsequently set up a trust that was passed down
eventually to the interested parties over the generations. It was the
interested parties’ contention that both Syed Allowee and Omar Bin Ally
Aljunied were the sons of Sir Omar’s cousin, Ali Bin Muhammad Bin Harun
Aljunied (on this basis, Omar Bin Ally Aljunied was not Sir Omar and the
interested parties could not be said to have deliberately equated the two as
contended by the plaintiff) and that Syed Allowee had come to hold in trust
some properties, including the plot, of the Aljunied family. The interested
parties contended that Syed Allowee was not the rightful owner of the plot as
it had been conveyed to Omar Bin Ally Aljunied and questioned if the
proceedings could proceed with Syed Allowee as the named defendant. They
further contended that, in any event, both Syed Allowee and Omar Bin Ally
Aljunied held the plot in trust for the Aljunied trust.

12 On the question of adverse possession, the interested parties submitted
that for the plaintiff to succeed in its claim for adverse possession, it was
necessary for the plaintiff to show both physical possession and an intention
to possess for a period of 12 years before 1 March 1994, _ie_ , from 1 March
1982 to 28 February 1994. The interested parties argued that the plaintiff has
failed to adduce evidence to prove both elements. In particular, where the
intention to possess was concerned, they highlighted the fact that building
plans drawn up by Descon Chartered Architects and Planners (“the Descon
plans”), the architects of KLH, for planning permission had inserted a fence
which excluded the plot. The interested parties contended that this must be
written evidence of intention not to possess the plot during the relevant
period. I will similarly deal with the rest of the evidence raised by the
interested parties at the relevant part of this judgment below (see
[29]-[30]).

13 Like the plaintiff, Syed Noah was of the view that the interested parties
have no links whatsoever to the plot and thus have no _locus standi_ in these
proceedings. He claimed to be the direct descendant of Syed Allowee, who was
his great grandfather. At the hearing, Syed Noah did not make any submissions
that he or his siblings were entitled to the plot. He informed me that he was
happy to let the court decide the issue of the ownership of the plot.

My decision

14 Flowing from the parties’ arguments, the primary question to be decided is
whether the plaintiff has made out its claim for adverse possession. If the
plaintiff succeeds in its claim, it would not really matter who the rightful
owner of the plot is because the plaintiff would be entitled to the plot by
virtue of adverse possession.

15 In my opinion, contrary to what the interested parties contended, there was
nothing untoward in naming Syed Allowee as the defendant and there was no
reason why the proceedings could not proceed with Syed Allowee as the named
defendant. Syed Allowee was indeed the legal owner of the plot as listed in
the Registry of Titles. I note that in OS 119 which concerned the plaintiff’s
neighbours’ claim for adverse possession of the other child lots derived from
the parent lot, Syed Allowee was also named as the defendant and the
plaintiff’s neighbours succeeded in their claim. The plaintiff has also made
all reasonable attempts to find out who the true owner of the plot was and to
invite all possible parties interested to come forward to take part in the
proceedings (see [5] and [8] above). Indeed, Syed Noah and the interested
parties have joined the proceedings and it would appear that all parties
interested were already present.

16 The question who the rightful owner of the plot is would become relevant if
I find that the plaintiff has not made out a case of adverse possession, but,
as mentioned earlier, this is not the case here.

**_Law of adverse possession_**

17 The law of adverse possession in Singapore is well-settled after a series
of decisions from the Court of Appeal on this topic. In short, with the
enactment of the Land Titles Act 1993 (No 27 of 1993) (“the 1993 LTA”) which
came into effect on 1 March 1994, adverse possession in Singapore was
abolished such that no land, registered or unregistered, may be acquired by
way of adverse possession save under transitional statutory provisions (see
the decisions of the Court of Appeal in _Balwant Singh v Double L & T Pte Ltd_
[1996] 2 SLR 726 (“ _Balwant Singh_ ”) at 732, _TSM Development Pte Ltd v
Leonard Stephanie Celine nee Pereira_ [2005] 4 SLR 721 (“ _TSM Development Pte
Ltd_ ”) at [48] and _Fones Christina v Cheong Eng Khoon Roland_ [2005] 4 SLR
803 (“ _Fones Christina_ ”) at [16]; see also Tan Sook Yee, _Principles of
Singapore Land Law_ (Butterworths Asia, 2nd Ed, 2001) at p 701). With the
omission of some sections (including s 177(3), one of the transitional
provisions) of the 1993 LTA, a revised edition of the Act was enacted in 1994
(Cap 157, 1994 Rev Ed) (“the 1994 LTA”), and in 2004, a further revised
edition of the 1994 LTA, incorporating all prior amendments, was prepared and
enacted (Cap 157, 2004 Rev Ed) (“the present Act”). These subsequent revisions
did not alter the substantive law of adverse possession: s 50 of the 1993 LTA,
which was the general provision that provided for the abolition of adverse
possession for registered land save under the transitional provisions,
remained as s 50 in the 1994 LTA as well as in the present Act; s 177(3) of
the 1993 LTA, which preserves the possessory interest of unregistered land as
of 1 March 1994 that had crystallised prior to 1 March 1994, remains in force
to date by virtue of s 5 of Revised Edition of the Laws Act (Cap 275, 1995 Re
Ed) (_Balwant Singh_ at 732; _TSM Development Pte Ltd_ at [14]); and the other
two transitional provisions, namely ss 172(8) and 172(9) of the 1993 LTA, were
renumbered as ss 172(7) and 172(8) in the 1994 LTA and subsequently as ss
174(7) and 174 (8) in the present Act.

18 In the recent decision of the Court of Appeal in _TSM Development Pte Ltd_
, Chao Hick Tin JA (“Chao JA”), delivering the judgment of the court,
considered at length the past local cases that have touched on adverse
possession (after the enactment of the 1993 LTA) and summarised the present
law as follows (at [48]; reaffirmed in the subsequent case of _Fones
Christina_ at [20]):

To summarise, the object of the 1993 LTA was to abolish adverse possession as
a means of acquiring title to land, whether registered or unregistered,
subject to the saving provisions for possessory title already acquired as at 1
March 1994 when this Act came into operation. _In dealing with adverse
possession claims, the key question to consider is whether or not the land was
registered land on that date_. If the land was already registered land by that
time and 12 years of adverse possession had not been completed yet, s 50 of
the new LTA [_ie_ , the 1994 LTA] would preclude the adverse possessor from
perfecting his inchoate title. In contrast, if the land was registered land as
at 1 March 1994 and possessory title had already been acquired, such title
would be upheld only if the case came within s 172(7) or the adverse possessor
complied with s 172(8). _As for land which was still unregistered as at 1
March 1994, if possessory title had not crystallised by then, the adverse
possessor would likewise no longer be able to perfect his inchoate interest in
view of s 9(3) of the Limitation Act. In contrast, possessory title to such
land which had already been acquired by 1 March 1994 would be preserved by s
177(3) of the 1993 LTA. Upon the land becoming registered land, however, such
accrued possessory rights would remain protected only if the adverse possessor
lodged a caveat in respect of his interest while title to the land was
qualified_. [emphasis added]

19 In other words, there are three categories of adverse possession claims
that are presently allowed under the transitional provisions, one for
unregistered land and two for registered land (_Balwant Singh_ at 732):

_To sum up the position as of 1 March 1994, there were thus three categories
of adverse possession claims_. Firstly, for land held under the common law
system if the adverse possessor did not have 12 years of adverse possession as
of 1 March 1994, he would now not be able to make a claim — see s 9(3) of the
Limitation Act. Conversely, if he had the requisite 12 years, he could rely on
s 177(3) of the 1993 LTA to preserve his possessory title. Secondly, for
registered land held under the provisions of the repealed LTA, the adverse
possessor could rely on s 172(7) and (8) of the new LTA [_ie_ , the 1994 LTA].
Thirdly, for registered land held under the provisions of the new LTA, no
adverse possession claims are now allowed unless s 172(7) or (8) of the new
LTA applies. [emphasis added]

20 As pointed out by Chao JA (see [18] above), it would thus be important to
distinguish between registered and unregistered land for purposes of adverse
possession claims and the relevant date for determining whether the land in
question is registered or not for the purposes of such claims is 1 March 1994.
If on _that_ date, “the land had already been brought under the Torrens
system… then _regardless of_ whether the adverse possessor’s right
crystallised _before_ or after the land was registered, s 50… would apply”
[emphasis added] (_TSM Development Pte Ltd_ at [35]). Hence, even if the
adverse possessor had been in possession of the land for more than 12 years
prior to 1 March 1994, if the land was registered land as of 1 March 1994, s
50 would still apply and not s 177(3) of the 1993 LTA. In an earlier passage
in _TSM Development Pte Ltd_ , Chao JA, after referring to the case of
_Balwant Singh_ , emphasised this point as follows (at [28]):

… Section 50 of the new LTA [_ie_ , the 1994 LTA] does not apply only where
adverse possession has crystallised before the land becomes registered land
under the _new_ LTA – _ie_ , before the land, which is still _unregistered_ as
at 1 March 1994, becomes registered land at some point after that date.
Conversely, where the land in question is already registered land as at 1
March 1994, s 50 applies even if possessory title was acquired before the land
became registered land. In the latter scenario, the adverse possessor, if he
wishes to preserve his possessory rights, must either have applied for a
possessory title under the 1985 LTA as stated in s 172(7) of the new LTA, or
comply with s 172(8). [original emphasis in italics]

21 It was for this reason that the High Court’s decision in _Shell Eastern
Petroleum (Pte) Ltd v Goh Chor Cheok_ [2000] 1 SLR 45 (“ _Shell Eastern
Petroleum_ ”), which held that an adverse possessor’s possessory interest over
a piece of unregistered land that had crystallised in 1973 was preserved by s
177(3) of the 1993 LTA although the land was subsequently converted into
registered land in November 1992 (before 1 March 1994), was criticised by the
Court of Appeal in _TSM Development Pte Ltd_ (at [27] and [38]) as having
misinterpreted and misapplied _Balwant Singh_. The Court of Appeal pointed out
that there was an important distinction between _Balwant Singh_ and _Shell
Eastern Petroleum_ although in both cases the possessory interest had
crystallised before 1 March 1994; in _Balwant Singh_ , the land which was the
subject of the action became registered land only _after_ 1 March 1994 (_cf_
_Shell Eastern Petroleum_). As such, the land in _Balwant Singh_ was
rightfully not caught by s 50 (as well as ss 172(7) and 172(8)) of the 1994
LTA, while the same cannot be said about the land in _Shell Eastern Petroleum_
(_TSM Development Pte Ltd_ at [38]).

22 In the present case, unlike _Shell Eastern Petroleum_ and _Balwant Singh_ ,
the scenario is much less complicated. The plot, as of 1 March 1994 and as of
to date is still _unregistered_ land, and the parties agree that to
successfully establish a claim of adverse possession for the plot, all that
the plaintiff needs to do is to show that it and/or its predecessors had been
in adverse possession of the plot for 12 years before the cut off date of 1
March 1994. As demonstrated above, adverse possession of unregistered land is
governed by the Limitation Act as amended by s 177 of the 1993 LTA. Section s
177(1) of the 1993 LTA amended s 9 of the Limitation Act thereby abolishing
claims by way of adverse possession but, at the same time, s177(3) preserved
rights that had accrued as of 1 March 1994 (_Balwant Singh_ at 732). Section
177 of the 1993 LTA provides as follows:

(1) Section 9 of the Limitation Act is amended by inserting, immediately after
subsection (2), the following subsection:

(3) This section shall not apply to an action to recover land from a person by
reason only of his unauthorised occupation of the land. [This subsection is
now s 9(3) of the Limitation Act (Cap 163, 1996 Rev Ed) (see below)]

(2) …

(3) Nothing in this section shall —

(a) enable any action to be brought which was barred by the Limitation Act
immediately before the commencement of the Land Titles Act 1993 (referred to
in this subsection as the appointed day);

(b) affect any action commenced before the appointed day; or

(c) revive any title to land which was extinguished by the operation of the
Limitation Act in force immediately before the appointed day.

Section 9 of the Limitation Act (as amended), in turn, provides as follows:

**9.** —(1) No action shall be brought by any person to recover any land after
the expiration of 12 years from the date on which the right of action accrued
to him, or, if it first accrued to some person through whom he claims, to that
person.

(2) Nothing in this section or in section 11 (2) shall be deemed to affect the
provisions of the Government Proceedings Act, or to apply to any person
registered under or by virtue of the provisions of the Land Titles Act as the
proprietor of the land sought to be recovered, or to any person claiming
through a person so registered, except to the extent that such Act so provides
or permits.

(3) This section shall not apply to an action to recover land from a person by
reason only of his unauthorised occupation of the land.

In the present case, if the plaintiff succeeds in showing that it and/or its
predecessors had been in adverse possession of the plot for 12 years prior to
1 March 1994, its possessory title would be preserved under s 177(3) of the
1993 LTA and it would be entitled to the plot.

23 What then does adverse possession entail? Essentially, adverse possession
is made out when the adverse possessor is in physical and/or factual
possession of the land as if he was the true owner with the intention to
possess and exclude all others, including the owner with the paper title (see
the decision of the Court of Appeal in _Soon Peng Yam v Maimon bte Ahmad_
[1996] 2 SLR 609 at 615; followed in _Re Lot 114-69 Mukim 22, Singapore and
another action_ [2001] 2 SLR 509 (“ _Re Lot 114-69 Mukim 22_ ”) at [41]).
Further, the 12-year period necessary to establish title by adverse possession
can be constituted by the aggregate of separate but continuous periods of
adverse possession by different people (see the decision of the Court of
Appeal in _Jubilee Electronics v Tai Wah Garments & Knitting Factory_ [1996] 2
SLR 39 (“ _Jubilee Electronics_ ”) at 48-50; followed in _Re Lot 114-69 Mukim
22_ at [41]).

24 Indeed, one of the main contentions of the interested parties was that the
requisite intention for adverse possession (also known as _animus possidendi_)
was lacking in the instant case (see [12] above). I turn now to the question
proper of whether the plaintiff has made out a case of adverse possession.

**_Whether there was adverse possession of the plot_**

25 In support of its claim, the plaintiff relied mainly on the evidence given
by two persons: (1) Mr Lee Jit Seam (“Mr Lee”), who was the owner of a plot of
land adjacent to both the property and the plot (“the neighbouring plot”),
_ie_ , Lot No 1015N and Lot 114A, for the period 1971 to 1998 and who
currently owns several units of apartments in the condominium that was built
on the neighbouring plot in 1998; and (2) Mr Tang Tuck Lim (“Mr Tang”), a
registered surveyor who had reviewed various plans on the property and the
plot as well as inspected the property and plot.

26 Mr Lee testified in his affidavit filed on 24 January 2008 that from the
neighbouring plot, he could see the portion of the fence that is located at
the back of the property which encompasses the plot. He also testified that
since 1971, _ie_ , the year he purchased the neighbouring plot, the fence,
which surrounded the property and plot, separated the plot from the
neighbouring properties, and the fence has always enclosed the plot as if it
was part of the property. Mr Lee recalled that although the fence was replaced
over the years, the position of the fence remained the same throughout. The
plaintiff thus submitted that the evidence given by this independent eye-
witness would prove that it and/or its predecessors had been in adverse
possession of the plot for the requisite 12 years before 1 March 1994.

27 Besides Mr Lee, Mr Tang also gave evidence in two affidavits that various
survey plans and drawings have shown that the plaintiff and/or its
predecessors had adverse possession of the plot. In his first affidavit filed
on 24 January 2008, Mr Tang referred to two survey plans of 1936 and 1986 of
the area which comprised the property and the plot. He testified that in the
1936 survey plan, it was indicated that a barbed wire fence enclosed the plot
such that the plot formed a contiguous part of the property. Similarly, the
1986 survey plan showed that a fence included the plot to form part of the
property. He further concluded that the position of the fence in both the
survey plans was about the same as that at the time when the plaintiff
purchased the property as well as that at present.

28 In his second affidavit filed on 22 July 2008, further reference was made
to a symbol sheet for title survey plans that was used by the Survey
Department (“the symbol sheet”) around the time when the survey plans of 1986
were prepared and a drawing from the surveyor’s field book (prepared on site
by a surveyor) from which the 1986 survey plan was derived (“the drawing”).
Referring to the 1986 survey plan, Mr Tang explained that the area marked as
“Reserve” was actually the plot and the line that ran along that area is
either a Mukim and Town Subdivision Boundary line or a fence according to the
symbol sheet. However, based on the drawing, he confirmed that this line is
actually a fence and that the position of this fence was about the same as the
fence presently on site.

29 In respect of Mr Lee’s evidence, the interested parties first took an
objection with para 6 of his affidavit where he had said that “I have no
reason to doubt that the Fence demarcating the land belonging to the Plaintiff
(and previously the predecessors in title, including a gentleman whom I had
known from many years ago who lived on the property) similarly demarcates the
boundary of my own property”. This, according to the interested parties, was
hearsay evidence. They also doubted Mr Lee’s evidence that the fence has
remained in the same position since 1971 given that the present fence looks
relatively new and they suggested that the fence was only put up recently in a
bid to support the plaintiff’s claim for adverse possession. The interested
parties further pointed out that there were a retaining wall demarcating the
property from the plot and a flight of steps along the slope of the plot. They
claimed that the retaining wall and the steps were constructed by the trustees
of the estate of Omar bin Ally Aljunied and contended that anybody who had
intended to treat the plot as his own would have demolished the retaining wall
and the steps and landscaped the area. The interested parties further pointed
out that the plot looked unmaintained, and this could only mean that the
plaintiff and/or its predecessors had no intention to possess the plot.

30 The interested parties also relied heavily on the Descon plans. The Descon
plans had excluded the plot from the rest of the property by a fence. The
interested parties thus submitted that this clearly showed an intention on the
part of the plaintiff’s predecessors not to possess the plot. They also
pointed out that before the property was purchased by KLH, it was two separate
lots, namely, Lot 309 of Town Sub Division 28 (“Lot 309”) and Lot 307 of Town
Sub Division 28 (“Lot 307”), (Lot 307 was purchased on 29 October 1977 and Lot
309 was purchased on 17 August 1981) and that subsequently the property was
developed by KLH into a condominium with 23 units before all the units were
repurchased by KLH again and sold to the plaintiff. Given this history, they
questioned if the predecessors of the property (including the 23 subsidiary
proprietors of the condominium) could be said to have the continuous requisite
intention to possess the plot.

31 After considering the evidence before me, I found that the plaintiff, on a
balance of probabilities, had made out a case of adverse possession, having
established both physical possession as well as the intention to possess for
the requisite 12-year period.

32 Physical possession can be derived collectively from the survey plans, the
drawing as well as Mr Lee’s evidence that the fence has always enclosed the
plot with the property for at least the requisite 12 years, _ie_ , between 1
March 1982 and 28 February 1994. Both Mr Lee and Mr Tang have also confirmed
that the fence has remained in more or less the same position over the years.
I disagree with the interested parties that para 6 of Mr Lee’s affidavit
(concerning the ownership of the fence) is hearsay. It must be borne in mind
that the fence is a _continuous_ one that encloses both the property (which is
much larger than the plot) and the plot. The only logical conclusion must be
that the fence was put up by the plaintiff’s predecessors who owned the
property. The fact that the fence looked new does not suggest that the _whole_
fence was only recently erected. In fact, it appears that the photographs
adduced by the interested parties showing that the fence was new were
photographs of a specific segment of the fence located between the property
and Lot 305 of Town Sub Division 28 (“Lot 305”) and not the segment of the
fence enclosing the plot. Mr Tang confirmed this in his second affidavit by
explaining that the blue aluminium panels that could be seen behind the fence
in the interested parties’ photographs were actually those placed in Lot 305
for construction purposes. There were no such aluminium panels behind the
segment of the fence enclosing the plot. Photographs were also produced by the
plaintiff to show that although segments of the fence may appear new, the
fence posts were, however, old and rusty. The fact that the old fence posts
remained in usage would only mean that the whole fence could not have been
newly constructed or that it had been shifted recently. The interested parties
have also tendered no other evidence such as survey plans or drawings to prove
that the fence was newly built and/or it did not exist throughout the
requisite 12-year period.

33 In my view, the evidence established that although certain portions of the
fence were replaced over the years (perhaps due to wear and tear), the fence
has always remained in the same position. It must be borne in mind that “[t]he
type of conduct which indicates possession must vary with the type of land”
(_Wuta-Ofei v Danquah_ [1961] 1 WLR 1238 at 1243 per Lord Guest). The plot in
question here is a piece of sloping land. It has been said that “enclosure by
fencing is the clearest, and perhaps the most classic, way of establishing
exclusive possession” (_Simpson v Fergus_ (2000) 79 P & CR 398 (“ _Simpson_ ”)
at 402 per Robert Walker LJ), although it is not necessarily enough or
conclusive (_ibid_ ; see also _Littledale v Liverpool College_ [1900] 1 Ch
19). For the type of land such as the plot in the present case, I am of the
view that enclosure by fencing would be the best evidence of exclusive and
factual possession. Given the evidence, I am satisfied that the plaintiff’s
predecessors have been in physical possession of the plot for at least the
requisite 12-year period.

34 On the issue of the requisite intention for adverse possession, the fact
that the retaining wall and the steps on the plot have not been demolished
cannot demonstrate that the plaintiff and/or its predecessors had no such
intention to possess. Mr Tang has pointed out in his second affidavit that
there are in fact two retaining walls, and the bottom retaining wall is
actually situated within the property. Further, the back of the property and
the plot are not level ground; the ground slopes upwards from the back of the
property to the plot (as can be seen from the photographs and the
topographical survey adduced by the plaintiff). Quite clearly and logically,
the retaining walls were not built to separate the plot from the property but
to prevent soil erosion. The flight of steps leads to nowhere in particular
and ends above the halfway mark of the plot. There is no gate at the fence at
the back of the plot or any road beyond it. As mentioned, the plot is
completely landlocked. The logical conclusion must be that the purpose of the
steps was to provide access from the property to the plot. This, if any, would
support the plaintiff’s case that it had the necessary intention for adverse
possession. Besides making a bare assertion, the interested parties have not
given any other evidence that the trustees of the estate of Omar bin Ally
Aljunied were the ones who actually built the retaining walls and the steps.
The interested parties’ argument that the fact that the plot looked
unmaintained (based on recent photographs taken of the plot) would mean that
the plaintiff and/or its predecessors had no intention to possess the plot is
also unmeritorious. The plaintiff had bought the property (and the plot) with
a view of developing the place. It is therefore not surprising that the plot
was left relatively unattended in these circumstances. In any case, the recent
state of the plot does not in any way prove that the plot was also similarly
not maintained in the requisite 12-year period.

35 As for the Descon plans, Mr Tang offered an explanation that the architect
could have drawn the fence on the building plans based on what he envisaged as
the position where the fence should be and not where the fence was actually
positioned. He also pointed out that the existence of a fence on a building
plan is usually marked with the words “Existing Fence” but these words were
missing in the Descon plans. Bearing in mind that the Descon plans were drawn
for planning permission, Mr Tang’s explanation is entirely plausible. I do not
think that the Descon plans evinced an intention on the part of the plaintiff
and/or its predecessors not to claim the plot as their property.

36 In my opinion, the facts on the whole suggested that the plaintiff as well
as its predecessors did not know that the plot was actually a separate piece
of land from the property and that they had all along treated the plot as part
of the property to the exclusion of all others. The evidence also showed that
the plaintiff and/or its predecessors have maintained the fence in the present
position over the years. It should be pointed out that the requisite intention
for adverse intention is an intention to _possess_ the land and not an
intention to _dispossess_ an owner of his land and thus this requisite
intention can still be established even if the adverse possessor did not
realise that he was trespassing on another’s land, such as in the present case
(Charles Harpum, Stuart Bridge and Martin Dixon, _Megarry and Wade on the Law
of Real Property_ (Sweet & Maxwell, 7th Ed, 2008) at para 35-019; see also
_Hughes v Cork_ [1994] EGCS 25 and _Prudential Assurance Co Ltd v Waterloo
Real Estate Inc_ [1999] 2 EGLR 85).

37 The requisite 12-year period in this case started from 1 March 1982. By
that time, KLH had already acquired both Lot 309 and Lot 307 to form the
property, given that the second lot (Lot 307) was purchased on 17 August 1981.
The property was then subsequently developed into a condominium with 23 units
before all the units were repurchased and sold to the plaintiff. As pointed
out at [23] above, the fact that different people took adverse possession of
the plot at different times does not mean that the requisite 12-year period
for adverse possession is broken. So long as the adverse possession by
different people is continuous, adverse possession can still be made out. It
would be apposite to have regard to the following passage in _Jubilee
Electronics_ (at 50):

In the light of these authorities it is clear that aggregation of separate
periods of adverse possession is permitted so long as there is continuity.
There should not be any break in the two or more periods of adverse possession
by different persons. So long as adverse possession continues unbroken, it
makes no difference who continues it…

There is no reason why the same reasoning would not apply to the property when
it was a strata development with 23 subsidiary proprietors. So long as the
proprietors treated the plot as part of their common property (which I
accepted was the case here), there is no reason why there cannot be the
requisite intention for adverse possession during the period where the
property was a strata development.

38 For the above reasons, I was satisfied that the plaintiff has made out a
case of adverse possession and I therefore held that the plaintiff was
entitled to the plot.

The owner of the plot

39 Given my conclusion, it is unnecessary for me to make a finding as to who
was the rightful owner of the plot. I would, however, state here briefly that,
in my opinion, neither the interested parties nor Syed Noah have adduced
sufficient evidence to prove their interest in the plot. For the former, the
Order of Court from which the interested parties derived their jurisdiction as
trustees does not in anyway state that they can act for the estate of Syed
Allowee or Omar Bin Ally Aljunied (see [9] above).The Order of Court is in
respect of the trust of the will dated 4 May 1894 of Syed Ahmad. Further, no
concrete evidence was adduced to show that Syed Allowee or Omar Bin Ally
Aljunied held the plot as trustees for the trust. The plot was also not one of
the specific properties listed under the amended schedule attached to the
Order of Court. It has also been established that the plot was conveyed by
Syed Allowee to Omar Bin Ally Aljunied and that there were other subsequent
conveyances. It would therefore follow that Syed Allowee’s descendant (Syed
Noah) cannot claim an interest in the plot.

40 The report, which appears to be the most convincing and reliable evidence
on the title of the plot, shows that there were subsequent conveyances after
the plot was conveyed by Syed Allowee to Omar Bin Ally Aljunied. If anything,
it would appear that the four individuals named in the report would be the
rightful owners of the plot. However, the personal representatives of the
estates of Chung Boon Chiong, Toh Ah, Toh Eng Hong and Gan Tiong Liong have
not come forward in these proceedings.

Conclusion

41 For the above reasons, I allowed the plaintiff’s claim for adverse
possession of the plot. Since no party could show clearly who the rightful
owner of the plot was, the plaintiff’s counsel agreed that no order as to
costs be made. The interested parties have appealed against my decision by way
of Civil Appeal No. 190 of 2008.

42 The narrow sloping plot of land in issue, although located in one of the
prime residential districts in Singapore, is of no conceivable practical use
to anyone other than the plaintiff now. As mentioned earlier, it is now
completely landlocked by the surrounding developments.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 22 Dec 2008 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

