Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Holcim (Singapore) Pte Ltd v Kwan Yong Construction Pte Ltd  
[2008] SGHC 231

Case Number | : | Suit 291/2007  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 11 December 2008  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Lai Siu Chiu J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Chandra Mohan with V Jesudevan (Rajah & Tann LLP) for the plaintiff; Chung Khoon Leong John and Jasmin Yek (Kelvin Chia Partnership) for the defendant   
Parties | : |  Holcim (Singapore) Pte Ltd — Kwan Yong Construction Pte Ltd   
  
Contract – Contractual terms – Express terms – Force majeure – Contract for
supply of ready-mixed concrete – Increase in price of ready-mixed concrete due
to ban on export of sand to Singapore – Whether sand ban amounted to force
majeure  
  
Contract – Duress – Economic – Contract for supply of ready-mixed concrete –
Increase in price of ready-mixed concrete due to ban on export of sand to
Singapore – Subsequent agreements by parties to vary price of concrete
originally supplied – Whether agreements were made under economic duress and
hence unenforceable at law  
  
Contract – Frustration – Contract for supply of ready-mixed concrete –
Increase in price of ready-mixed concrete due to ban on export of sand to
Singapore – Whether contract was frustrated by sand ban so that supplier was
discharged from further performance  
  
Contract – Variation – Contract for supply of ready-mixed concrete – Increase
in price of ready-mixed concrete due to ban on export of sand to Singapore –
Subsequent agreements by parties to vary price of concrete originally supplied
– Whether agreements were entered into without valuable consideration and was
unenforceable at law  
  
Damages – Mitigation – Contract – Contract for supply of ready-mixed concrete
– Increase in price of ready-mixed concrete due to ban on export of sand to
Singapore – Whether reasonable steps taken to mitigate damages caused  
  

11 December 2008 |  Judgment reserved  
---|---  
  
Lai Siu Chiu J:

1 This was a dispute concerning the supply of ready-mix concrete (“concrete”)
by Holcim (Singapore) Pte Ltd (“the plaintiff”) to Kwan Yong Construction Pte
Ltd (“the defendant”). The plaintiff is a manufacturer and supplier of
concrete to the construction industry while the defendant, as its name
implies, is a local construction company.

2 On 17 August 2006, the defendant was awarded a contract by the Ministry of
Education (“MOE”) to rebuild Pei Tong Primary School located at Clementi
Avenue 5, Singapore (“the project”) at a contract sum of $16.8m. The
commencement date was 28 August 2006 while the contractual completion date was
27 February 2008. In the event of delay in completion of the project, the
defendant was liable to pay liquidated damages to the MOE at $3,150 per day
for each day of delay.

3 On 28 August 2006, the plaintiff and the defendant entered into an agreement
for the supply of concrete by the plaintiff to the defendant. The terms of the
contract are set out in the plaintiff’s quotation dated 25 August 2006 (“the
Quotation”) and contained the following salient clauses:

3 The Purchaser must provide sufficient advance notice in confirming each
order. The Supplier shall be under no obligation to supply the concrete if the
said supply has been disrupted by virtue of inclement weather, strikes, labour
disputes, machinery breakdowns, riots, and shortage of materials, Acts of God
or any other factors arising through circumstances beyond the control of the
Supplier.

…

12 The Supplier reserves the right to suspend the concrete supply without
notice in the event of exceeding or default in payment of the agreed credit
terms and recover such outstanding payment plus legal costs, expenses and
interest accrued thereon.

…

21).  _Default in supply_

Where the order is duly made and the Supplier failed (_sic_) to deliver to
site within the stipulated time, the contractor shall be entitled to seek
other source for the supply and the difference in cost shall be borne by
(_sic_) Supplier by way of offset from the account.

_Standard Terms and Conditions_

All prices are fixed till 31st December 2006, thereafter, an increase of
$2.0/m3 for period of Jan ‘07 to Jun ’07 and additional increase of $2.0/m3
for period of Jul ’07 to Dec ‘07 for all grade (_sic_) of concrete.

_Payment Terms_ ~~30~~ 60 days.__

Clause 21 was a handwritten insertion by the defendant. Amongst the grades,
the plaintiff quoted a pump price of $68 per cubic metre (“m³”) for grade 40
concrete.

4 Pursuant to the Quotation, the plaintiff delivered concrete to the defendant
between 1 June 2006 and 25 January 2007 for which invoices were issued. The
invoices totalled $175,142.66 and these sums were not paid by the defendant.

5 On 24 January 2007, the Indonesian authorities announced the ban of sand
exports to Singapore with effect from 5 February 2007 (“the sand ban”). This
caught the construction industry as well as the Building and Construction
Authority (“the BCA”) off guard. All sand used in the building industry had
been sourced from Indonesia.

6 On 26 January 2007, the plaintiff notified the defendant of the possible
stoppage of supply of sand due to the above reason.

7 As a consequence of the sand ban, the parties agreed on 29 January 2007 to
vary the price of the concrete supplied under the Quotation by increasing it
by $35 for all grades (“the January Agreement”). Pursuant to the January
Agreement, the defendant continued to order concrete from the plaintiff who
continued to supply the same between 29 January 2007 and 1 November 2007. The
total value of concrete supplied under the January Agreement was $60,843.30
which the defendant admitted it failed to pay.

8 On 1 February 2007, the BCA announced that it would release sand from the
government stockpile at $25 per tonne (“the government price”) but only to
contractors for their onward delivery to concrete suppliers such as the
plaintiff. The government price was much higher than the price the plaintiff
had paid for sand from Indonesia previously. Accordingly, the plaintiff wrote
to the defendant (at AB57) on the same day to advise that it was unable to
supply concrete based on the Quotation and it would be revising its prices
with immediate effect.

9 The BCA then announced to members (including the defendant) of the Singapore
Contractors Association Ltd (“SCA”) on 3 February 2007 that to assist
contractors, there would be a cost-sharing initiative for public projects in
that the government would absorb 75% of the price increase of concrete with
the remaining 25% to be shared between contractors and concrete suppliers.
Hoarding of sand was not allowed.

10 On 1 March 2007, the BCA increased the price of sand from $25 to $60 per
tonne. The price of 20mm aggregate was increased from $25 to $70 per tonne
after some 13 barges transporting aggregate to Singapore were detained by the
Indonesian authorities in late February. By March 2007, there was a granite
embargo by Indonesia.

11 On 1 March 2007, the parties agreed to vary the terms of the January
agreement by a second quotation no. HSPL/Q/387/07 (“the March agreement“) the
salient terms of the second quotation were as follows:

_B. Standard Terms & Conditions_

…

3 This quotation supersedes all previous quotations.

_C. Terms of payment_

14 days from the date of invoice

…

13 Any overdue interest at the rate of 1% per month shall be imposed on the
portion of debt that remains unpaid upon expiry of the agreed credit term.

12 Together with the March agreement, the plaintiff forwarded a letter also
dated 1 March 2007 (at AB 83) to the defendant in which it explained the
circumstances for the price increase and indicated that it was prepared to
give credit to the defendant if the latter could supply sand and aggregates
(two major components in the manufacture of concrete) to the plaintiff. Such
credit would be in accordance with the price guidelines set by the BCA, _viz_
$63 per tonne for sand and $73 per tonne for 20mm aggregate.

13 The defendant responded with a purchase order dated 2 March 2007 (“the PO”)
to the plaintiff for 440 m³ of G40 pump mix concrete at the plaintiff’s quoted
price of $191 per m³. It also supplied the plaintiff with 401 tonnes of sand
to enable the plaintiff to fulfil its order which the plaintiff did on 6 March
2007. The plaintiff took the precaution of writing to the defendant on 2 March
2007 to say that the prices of concrete would be those as reflected in the
March agreement.

14 The plaintiff issued two invoices totalling $93,857.40 to the defendant for
concrete it had delivered in March 2007. The defendant did not pay these
invoices. The plaintiff suspended supplies of sand to the defendant as a
result. The total amount due and outstanding from the defendant for concrete
supplied between December 2006 and March 2007 was $330,935.36.

15 On 13 March 2007 (AB94-95), the defendant wrote to the plaintiff
(apparently after taking legal advice) referring to the defendant’s letters
dated 1 February 2007 (at [8]) and 1 March 2007 (at [11]) and protested that
the plaintiff’s price increase was in breach of the contract in [3]. The
defendant contended that the plaintiff’s aforesaid two letters and its refusal
to supply the defendant with concrete at previously agreed prices evinced an
intention not to be bound by the terms of the contract and amounted to a
repudiatory breach which breach the defendant accepted. The defendant gave
notice it would claim for loss and damages resulting from the disruptive
effects caused by the plaintiff’s refusal to supply any more concrete to the
former.

16 The plaintiff sent a letter of demand to the defendant on 19 March 2007 (at
AB99-100) for sums totalling $330,935.36 for concrete supplied (not including
interest for late payment). Notwithstanding its failure/refusal to pay the
plaintiff’s outstanding claim, the defendant placed orders with the plaintiff
on 22 and 27 March 2007 for grade 40 concrete to be delivered. The plaintiff
did not accede to the defendant’s requests.

17 The defendant replied on 4 April 2007 (at AB109) to the plaintiff’s letter
of demand in [15] to say that due to the plaintiff’s wrongful repudiation of
the Quotation, the defendant intended to set off its claim for damages for
breach of contract against the plaintiff’s claim. Accordingly, no payment was
due to the plaintiff.

18 The plaintiff’s solicitors sent a letter of demand to the defendant on 16
April 2007 (AB110) for the sum of $305.153.40. The defendant’s solicitors
replied on 19 April 2007 (at AB113) to deny the plaintiff’s claim and alleged
that it was the plaintiff who was in breach of contract.

**The pleadings**

19 Not surprisingly, the plaintiff commenced these proceedings on 9 May 2007
claiming the sum of $305,153.40. The claim amount was $330,935.36 but the
defendant was credited with $25,781.96 (inclusive of GST) for 389.75 metric
tons (@$63 per metric ton) of sand it had delivered to the plaintiff in March
2007 (see [12]).

20 The plaintiff relied on cl 3 of the Quotation at [3] to say it was entitled
to suspend performance of its obligations under the contract from or around
the time of the sand ban.

21 The plaintiff then pleaded (in para 23B of the statement of claim) as an
alternative that due to the sand ban, the plaintiff’s obligations were
rendered radically different from what was originally undertaken in the
Quotation, performance had become impossible without the fault of the
plaintiff, the contract was frustrated and the plaintiff was discharged from
further performance.

22 In the defence (Amendment No. 3), the defendant denied it had entered into
the January agreement in [7]. The defendant alleged that its site manager Lee
Kong Honn (“Lee”) had no alternative but to agree to the surcharge imposed by
the plaintiff’s account manager Pek Leng (“Pek”) of $35 per m³ in order to
ensure a supply of concrete for the project. Consequently, the defendant
pleaded, the January agreement was made under duress and was unenforceable at
law. In the alternative, the defendant alleged that the January agreement was
entered into without valuable consideration and was unenforceable at law.

23 The defendant raised the same defences for the March agreement in [9]. It
then counterclaimed for the plaintiff’s breach of the Quotation in [3] which
the defendant had accepted on 13 March 2007.

24 The defendant’s counterclaim was for the sum of $418,149.87, being the
difference between the price of concrete in the Quotation and the price it
actually paid the plaintiff, less the government subsidy of $331,936.63. In
the alternative, the defendant pleaded it had to purchase concrete at higher
prices from other sources and suffered loss and damage amounting to
$418,149.87. I should point out that the defendant admitted owing the
plaintiff the sum of $330,935.36 but averred it was entitled to set off and
extinguish the plaintiff’s claim by its counterclaim.

25 In its reply and defence to the counterclaim (Amendment No. 2), the
plaintiff denied that the two agreements in dispute had been entered into
under duress. If (which was denied) the plaintiff was in breach of the
Quotation, the plaintiff denied the defendant had suffered loss and damage as
claimed. It added that the defendant had failed to take reasonable steps to
mitigate its loss.

**The issues**

26 The first question the court has to determine in this case is, which party
was in breach? Was it the plaintiff (as the defendant contended) who was in
repudiatory breach because it failed to honour the prices for concrete in the
Quotation or, was it the defendant (as the plaintiff asserted) for failing to
pay timeously, the price of concrete delivered by the plaintiff? Second, did
the defendant sign the January and March agreements under economic duress and
the same are therefore unenforceable? As the defendant’s pleadings admitted
the plaintiff’s claim in full (see [24]), the court only needs to focus on the
issue of liability for the counterclaim. If the court rules in the defendant’s
favour, the Registrar will then assess damages due to the defendant.

**The evidence**

27 The plaintiff called three witnesses to prove its case, including a
representative from the BCA while the defendant had two witnesses.

_**(i) the plaintiff’s case**_

28 The plaintiff’s first witness was its chief executive officer Sujit Ghosh
(“Ghosh”) whose affidavit of evidence-in-chief (“AEIC”) deposed to the
background leading to the signing of the January and March agreements and the
dispute thereafter with the defendant. Ghosh at the material time was also the
president of the Ready-Mixed Concrete Association of Singapore (“RMCA”) in
which capacity he had frequent discussions/meetings with the BCA, especially
after the sand ban was implemented.

29 Ghosh revealed that almost immediately after the sand ban, the plaintiff
had difficulties obtaining sand from its suppliers whose source was commonly
Indonesia. He deposed that prior to the sand ban, the plaintiff paid between
$11 and $12 per ton for sand. After the ban, the plaintiff’s suppliers
demanded between $48 and $53 per ton (on cash terms) for sand, an increase of
$37 to $41 per ton. Hence, the average increase in the price of sand was $39
per ton. Approximately 0.9 tons of sand is required to produce one m³ of
concrete. The cost increase to manufacturers like the plaintiff was $35.10
(0.9 x 39) per m³. That was why the plaintiff informed the defendant in
January 2007 that it would have to pay a premium of $35 for all grades of
concrete supplied by the plaintiff. Because the defendant did not accept the
plaintiff’s revised prices for February 2007 and it did not supply sand from
the government stockpile to the plaintiff, the plaintiff did not supply
concrete to the defendant in February 2007 either.

30 The price of sand and aggregate went up drastically on 1 March 2007,
prompting the plaintiff to again revise its price of concrete in its March
quotation to the defendant, and which formed the basis of the March agreement.
What Ghosh knew of the defendant’s agreeing to the plaintiff’s price was told
to him by Pek as he had no direct contact with Lee or anyone else in the
defendant’s organisation.

31 Ghosh deposed that the plaintiff believed in good faith that the defendant
had accepted the consensual agreements reached in January and March 2007 and
that was why the plaintiff supplied concrete to the defendant based on those
agreements.

32 Ghosh noted that notwithstanding the defendant’s stand in March 2007 that
the January and March agreements were not valid and/or enforceable and that
the plaintiff had repudiated the contract in [3], the defendant placed orders
for concrete with the plaintiff almost immediately thereafter.

33 Ghosh denied that the plaintiff was in breach of the contract. Indeed, he
said, it was the defendant who was in breach, relying on cl 12 of the contract
in [3], which breach entitled the plaintiff to suspend supply of concrete to
the defendant on 15 February 2007 when the latter failed to pay the
outstanding $175,142.66 in [4], which by then had exceeded the 60 days
contractual credit term.

34 Ghosh revealed that the plaintiff had sent demands to the defendant for
payment of $107,425.52 on 15 February 2007 and when the defendant failed to
respond, a further demand was sent on 26 February 2007 and yet again on 19
March 2007 (see [15]).

35 On the plaintiff’s pleaded case that the defendant failed to mitigate its
loss (assuming it was entitled to damages), Ghosh pointed out that the
defendant apparently purchased concrete from other suppliers (such as Island
Concrete Pte Ltd [“ICPL”]) from as early as March 2007 at prices higher than
those the plaintiff had quoted to the defendant. (The plaintiff pointed out
that the March agreement quoted a price of $191 per m³ whereas ICPL charged
the defendant $207-$208 for the same product). In fact, the defendant
contracted with Island Concrete Pte Ltd to supply concrete even earlier, in
February 2007. For those alternative supplies of concrete, the defendant was
expected to, and did, utilise its allocation of sand from the government
stockpile. That explained why the plaintiff did not receive sand from the
defendant in February 2007.

36 The facts narrated by Ghosh have been adequately set out earlier in [3] to
[14] and there is no necessity to repeat them. I turn instead to look at the
evidence adduced from him during cross-examination.

37 In cross-examination, Ghosh revealed that although over the years members
of the RMCA had encountered problems in obtaining sand supplies from
Indonesia, the RCMA had never raised the subject with the BCA, until his
letter on behalf of the RCMA dated 18 August 2006 (at AB26-27). Although his
said letter complained of the shortage of sand supplies from Indonesia and he
requested the BCA to look into the problem, Ghosh denied counsel’s suggestion
that he was aware of the possibility of a ban on sand from Indonesia or that
he knew the possibility of a ban was reasonably foreseeable. The sand ban was
totally unexpected. He explained that sand used in the manufacture of concrete
was land sand.

38 Ghosh revealed that the plaintiff had two main sand suppliers and a few
back-up suppliers but they were all from Indonesia and the plaintiff had no
other sources of sand (Malaysia having banned sand exports to Singapore in
1997 followed by Thailand). Although the plaintiff improvised by using (with
BCA’a approval) manufactured sand (known as M sand) obtained from quarries in
Malaysia (which did not come within the Malaysian government’s ban), the
quantities were insufficient. The plaintiff also imported shiploads of (river)
sand from Cambodia after the sand ban but the BCA found that the quality did
not meet its specifications. Similarly, sea sand was not suitable while sand
from Vietnam was very expensive. After the sand ban, even when the plaintiff
was willing to pay the price demanded by sand suppliers, there was no
guarantee that it would get the quantities it ordered. Because of the acute
shortage of sand at the time, the plaintiff was forced to close down two of
its plants because no concrete could be produced.

39 When he took the stand, Pek (who was known to the defendant as Alvin Pek)
explained the background to the signing of the January and March agreements.
Pek (PW3) deposed that he received a call from Lee on 29 January 2007
inquiring into the defendant’s order for 512 m³ of sand placed on 25 January
for delivery that day. Pek said he explained to Lee there was a severe
shortage of sand at that time and the plaintiff was unable to locate and
purchase sand from its suppliers who by then had stopped supplying. Lee asked
for Pek’s suggestion on how the defendant could obtain concrete. Pek replied
that if the defendant was willing to pay sand suppliers a premium, the
plaintiff might be able to procure sand on the defendant’s behalf although no
guarantee was offered. Pek indicated a figure of $35 per ton as the increase
in cost for concrete as a result of paying the premium.

40 At the conclusion of their conversation, Lee said he understood the sand
ban had disrupted the supply of concrete, he indicated the defendant was
willing to pay the price premium imposed by sand suppliers and urged the
plaintiff to do its best to obtain sand to fulfil the defendant’s orders. Pek
thought that Lee sounded reasonable and that he understood the difficulties
both concrete suppliers and contractors were facing at that point in time. Lee
did not insist to Pek that the plaintiff was to supply concrete at the prices
stated in the Quotation.

41 Pek requested Lee’s written confirmation of his verbal agreement to bear
the premium on the price of sand and the concrete produced thereto.
Accordingly, Lee faxed to Pek that day itself (at AB 55) confirmation that the
defendant agreed to the surcharge of $35 per m³.

42 After receipt of the defendant’s fax of 29 January 2007, the plaintiff
supplied concrete to the defendant based on its order dated 31 January 2007.

43 After the BCA released the government stockpile of sand at $25 per ton, the
plaintiff forwarded to the defendant on 1 February 2007 a revised quotation
for the supply of concrete to take into account the increased price of sand.
As compared with the price in the Quotation, the increase in price for
concrete was between $26 to $29 per m³, less than the $35 Pek had informed Lee
on 29 January 2007. There was no response from the defendant. Pek had also
informed Lee that the defendant must get sand from the BCA if Lee wanted the
plaintiff to deliver concrete to the defendant but no sand was delivered by
the defendant to the plaintiff. Consequently, the plaintiff did not deliver
concrete to the defendant based on the 1 February 2007 quotation,
notwithstanding Lee’s faxes to him dated 2 and 5 February 2007 (at AB 60 and
AB 71) complaining of non-delivery. (Pek clarified in re-examination that the
plaintiff’s delivery of concrete to the defendant on 1 February 2007 was based
on orders placed under the January agreement).

44 On 1 March 2007, the BCA increased the price of sand from $25 to $60 per
ton while the price of aggregates was revised to $70. Consequently, the
plaintiff forwarded a revised quotation to the defendant with a letter to
explain the price increase of concrete. On the same day, Pek received a call
from the defendant’s contracts’ manager Kwan Kam Choy (“Kwan”) who indicated
he was unable to sign the plaintiff’s March quotation but did not give a
reason. Pek explained the price increase of concrete was due to corresponding
increases in the price of sand and aggregates, and referred Kwan to the
plaintiff’s letter that day to the defendant . He further informed Kwan that
the plaintiff would give the defendant credit for any sand and aggregates that
the defendant supplied to the plaintiff to manufacture concrete for the
defendant, based on the prices set by BCA which for March 2007 would be $63
and $73 per ton for sand and aggregate respectively. Pek suggested to Kwan
that the defendant could simply forward its order for concrete to the
plaintiff indicating the price and the defendant should arrange for sand from
the BCA to be sent to the plaintiff.

45 Subsequent thereto, the plaintiff received from Kwan the defendant’s
purchase order dated 2 March 2007 in [12] (at AB805) and the defendant’s
request to Common Machinery Co Pte Ltd to release 401 tons of sand from the
BCA stockpile to the plaintiff with BCA’s approval. (The defendant’s purchase
order reflected the price of $191 m³ in the plaintiff’s March quotation for
grade 35/20 concrete). The plaintiff fulfilled the order and delivered 468 m³
of concrete to the defendant.

46 In accordance with Pek’s offer to Kwan in [44], the plaintiff gave a rebate
of $25,781.96 to the defendant for the sand supplied by the defendant from the
government stockpile.

47 Pek expressed surprise at the defendant’s allegation in its letter dated 13
March 2007 in [15] that the plaintiff had repudiated the Quotation, noting
that thereafter (see [16]) the defendant still placed orders for concrete for
the project by sending faxes to the plaintiff on 13 and 27 March 2007.

48 During cross-examination, Pek explained that his job as an account manager
(to service certain customers or ‘accounts’) did not require him to know the
source of the plaintiff’s raw materials (including sand) from which concrete
was produced; he was not in charge of/involved in procurement. Consequently,
he was unaware that Indonesia was the source of the plaintiff’s sand supply.

49 Pek revealed that the Quotation was not the plaintiff’s standard quotation/
contract but was negotiated between the parties especially for the project
although it was based on market prices as well as the plaintiff’s price
guidelines. The defendant changed the payment terms from 30 to 60 days but the
plaintiff did not object to the amendment. The defendant had also amended the
plaintiff’s standard terms and conditions stated on the reverse of the
Quotation. For quantities in excess of 100 m³, customers must give more than
two days’ advance notice of their orders as stated under cl 15 of the
conditions. For orders of less than 100 m³, customers were required to give
one day’s advance notice to ensure orders were executed. Otherwise, under cl 3
of the conditions, the plaintiff was not obliged to supply to the concrete
ordered. Equally, the plaintiff was not obliged to supply concrete if there
was disruption due to inclement weather, strikes, labour disputes, machinery
breakdowns and shortage of material etc. At times, customers placed telephone
orders in the morning for deliveries in the same afternoon but delivery of
such orders was not a certainty as it would be subject to the plaintiff’s
production for the day.

50 Pek disagreed that his account of his conversation with Lee was inaccurate.
He distinctly recalled that Lee asked for the plaintiff’s assistance to make
sure concrete was delivered to the defendant because the latter intended to
cast big piles that day. What Pek told Lee that day was exactly what Pek told
all his other customers (as well as Kwan) – that there was no sand available
from sand suppliers due to the sand ban and that sand could be obtained only
if customers were willing to pay a premium of approximately $35 per ton of
concrete. Even then, supply of sand was not guaranteed.

51 The plaintiff’s final witness was Ng Cher Cheng (“Ng”), the deputy director
of the Strategic Materials Department from the Business Development Division
of the BCA. Ng’s testimony merely repeated what was stated by Ghosh in his
AEIC as well as in his oral testimony vis-a-vis the sand ban and the action
taken by BCA to alleviate the consequence of that ban by releasing sand from
the government stockpile to contractors involved in public projects and
sharing the cost increase with such contractors on a 75:25 basis.
Consequently, Ng (DW2) was hardly subject to cross-examination.

_**(ii) the defendant’s case**_

52 As stated earlier at [27], the defendant had only two witnesses -Lee and
Kwan. Kwan (who was known to the plaintiff as Kevin Kwan) heads the
defendant’s quantity surveying department besides being the contracts manager.
(He was instrumental for the insertion of cl 21 at [3] into the Quotation).
Kwan (DW1) gave a different version of his conversation with Pek on 1 March
2007. He claimed he told Pek that the plaintiff was bound by the prices stated
in the Quotation but Pek was adamant that unless the defendant agreed to the
price increase of $35 m³ Pek demanded, the plaintiff would not supply any more
concrete to the defendant. He alleged this put the defendant into a quandary
and left him with no choice but to look for alternative sources of concrete
which he did by going to ICPL after 8 March 2007.

53 Kwan disputed the plaintiff’s contention that it could not obtain supplies
of sand after the sand ban. Kwan pointed out that after the sand ban, the
defendant still managed to obtain their own sand for minor concreting and
plastering works albeit at a higher price, up to the end of February 2007.
Consequently the plaintiff could if it wanted to, have obtained sand from the
open market by paying a higher price, after the sand ban but it was unwilling
to do so. It was when sand supplies finally ran out that the only source of
supply would be from the government stockpile. (In cross-examination, Kwan
admitted his statement was untrue as only contractors not concrete
manufacturers, had access to the government’s stockpile).

54 Kwan blamed the plaintiff’s delay or failure to deliver concrete for the
defendant’s corresponding delay in the concreting works for the project.
Cross-examined on why the defendant did not offer to deliver sand from the
government stockpile to the plaintiff in February 2007, Kwan explained the
plaintiff never asked for it, unlike ICPL. However, it is noted that the media
announcement on the cost-sharing initiative in [9] by BCA was made on 31
January 2007 and the procedure for contractors to obtain sand from the
government stockpile was circulated by the Singapore Contractors Association
Ltd (“the Association”) to its members (including the defendant) on 3 February
2007. Further, on 1 February 2007 (see [8]), the plaintiff had notified the
defendant that the BCA would release sand from the government stockpile
effective that day. Kwan’s excuse would appear to be lame at best and at worst
untrue as he admitted in court (at N/E 18 on 5.8.08) that he knew _on 3
February 2007_ that the government would absorb 75% of the sand price
increase.

55 It was only during cross-examination that Kwan revealed the defendant had
obtained an _ex-gratia_ subsidy from the government of $304,264.31 (at AB151)
for the price increase in sand and granite. This fact was not disclosed in the
AEIC of either Kwan or Lee. Kwan’s excuse in this regard (at N/E 15 on
5.8.078) was that the subsidy did not equate with the plaintiff’s price
increase. Although the defendant only received the subsidy on 14 August 2007,
the project’s consultants had notified the defendant in its letter dated 8 May
2007 (at AB128) that the government would be making an _ex-gratia_ payment.
Yet, as counsel for the plaintiff pointed out, Kwan expected the plaintiff to
abide by the prices in the Quotation, when even the government recognised (to
quote from the Minister of National Development’s statement on 30 January
2007) that the sand ban ‘was an abnormal situation that [was] totally beyond
anyone’s control’.

56 Knowing the defendant would get a subsidy from the government, Kwan still
insisted on the plaintiff’s strict compliance with the prices stated in the
Quotation instead of making attempts to negotiate on the revised prices of the
plaintiff. Neither did he negotiate with the plaintiff on the cost-sharing for
the balance 25% increase in the price of sand, after the government’s
absorption of the other 75%.

57 I should point out that the first formal mention of the government subsidy
by the defendant was on 31 July 2008 when it filed its defence and
counterclaim (Amendment No. 2). (The plaintiff’s solicitors were earlier
informed of the proposed amendment on 23 July 2007). The subsidy reflected in
the pleading was a higher figure ($331,936.63) than what was paid to the
defendant on 14 August 2007, suggesting (which Kwan confirmed) that the
defendant received further government subsidies thereafter. I would add that
Kwan’s explanation to the court (at N/E 55 on 5 August 2008) for his late
disclosure to the defendant’s counsel of the subsidy was highly unsatisfactory
if not unconvincing. My only conclusion from his professed ignorance that he
was unaware the plaintiff should be given credit for the subsidy in the
defendant’s counterclaim is that the defendant was not above taking advantage
of the sand ban if it could.

58 Interestingly enough, where the Association was concerned, it took the view
that the sand ban constituted an unforeseen circumstance amounting to a _force
majeure_ event that would entitle contractors to extensions of time under
construction contracts. This can be seen from Appendix B to the Association’s
circular dated 3 February 2007 (see [54]), which was a draft letter it had
prepared for members to send to employers to explain the impact on
construction costs as a result of the sand ban.

59 Kwan confirmed that by 13 March 2007 when the defendant wrote its letter in
[15] to the plaintiff, the company had sought legal advice. It was obvious
from the language in which the letter was couched, that a lay person like Kwan
albeit a contracts manager, could not have drafted the same. Yet, no mention
was made in the letter that the defendant had signed the January and March
agreements under economic duress. For that matter, neither did the defendant’s
solicitors’ letter dated 19 April 2007 in [18]. It was equally revealing from
Kwan’s testimony, that the defendant waited until it had finished its crucial
casting for blocks C and D of the project, before its letter dated 13 March
2007 was sent to the plaintiff.

60 It was also noteworthy that documents which the court directed Kwan to
produce (in the defendant’s bundle of documents) showed that as early as 26
January 2007 (at DB1), the defendant took the precaution of notifying the
project’s consultants of the lack of concrete supply, in anticipation of the
delay. Indeed, in Kwan’s own letter dated 2 February 2007 (DB7) to the
project’s consultants (copied to the MOE), he went further to say:

2) The national shortage of sand prevailing in Singapore has caused the short
supply of sand related products and coupled with the exorbitant is termed
force majeure which is beyond our control.

3) We will submit the fluctuation cost and time implication in due course.

61 Confronted with his letter, Kwan agreed that if the defendant could say the
shortage of sand was beyond its control, the same excuse should be available
to the plaintiff. Questioned why he did not disclose his above letter earlier
to the defendant’s solicitors, Kwan’s explanation (at N/E 89 on 5.8.08) was
that he thought it was a matter between the defendant and the project’s
consultants and not ‘relevant’ to the plaintiff.

62 Subsequent letters written by the defendant to the project’s consultants
were all designed to protect the defendant in the event the project was
delayed. It was to enable the defendant to claim for extensions of time and
additional costs pursuant to cll 14 and 23 respectively, of the Public Sector
Standard Conditions of Contract for Construction Works 2005, which applied to
the project.

63 Nothing turns on the testimony of Lee who was the defendant’s site manager,
with Kwan as his superior. Lee’s AEIC focussed on the orders placed by the
defendant for and the deliveries of concrete by the plaintiff. He took his
instructions from Kwan whenever he sent letters or faxes to the plaintiff. Lee
knew nothing about nor was he involved in the negotiation for, the terms of
the Quotation (or the January and March agreements) but he had heard about the
sand shortage from the plaintiff and people in the construction industry. Like
Kwan, Lee denied that Pek had told him in their telephone conversation that
the plaintiff was unable to obtain sand from its suppliers – he was only told
about the sand ban and that the defendant would have to pay a premium of
$35/m³if it wanted concrete to be supplied by the plaintiff to which condition
he agreed on 29 January 2007, after obtaining Kwan’s approval.

64 What was apparent from Lee’s testimony is, he (like Kwan) used the
plaintiff’s letters as excuses to explain away the defendant’s delay in
casting/concreting works to the project’s consultants, valid or otherwise. I
should add that I was not impressed by the veracity of either Kwan or Lee.
They were not truthful witnesses unlike the plaintiff’s witnesses Ghosh and
Pek.

**The findings**

_**(i) economic duress**_

65 I shall first address the issue of economic duress. At the outset, it
should be made clear (as the plaintiff submitted) that the burden is on the
defendant to prove it signed the January and March agreements under economic
duress. As for the law, both parties relied on _Chitty on Contracts_ (Sweet &
Maxwell 29th Edition 2004), vol 1 (“ _Chitty_ ”) in this respect. Page 520,
paras 7-028 to 7-030 of _Chitty_ contain the following passages:

**Threat to commit an unlawful act**

…it is clear that not all threats can be regarded as improper or illegitimate,
and it is necessary in the law of duress to distinguish between legitimate and
other forms of pressure or threats. Prima facie it is thought to be clear that
a threat to commit an unlawful act will constitute an improper threat for the
purposes of the law of duress….

**Threat to break a contract**

In contrast, when the threatened wrong is a breach of contract it seems that
the victim will not necessarily be entitled to relief even if he would not
have agreed “but for” the threat and had no reasonable alternative. As was
suggested earlier, the decisions in _Occidental Worldwide Investment Corpn v
Skibs A/S Avanti_ and _Pao On v Lau Liu Long_ suggests that something more
than this is required. In _B & S Contracts & Designs Ltd v Victor Green
Publications Ltd_ the Court of Appeal stressed that it is not “on every
occasion when one party unwillingly agrees to a variation of a contract that
the law would consider that he had acted by reason of duress. It is possible
that in cases where the threat is one of breach of contract, some additional
factor is required. As we saw earlier, one possible “additional factor” is
that the combination of the threat and commercial pressures were overwhelming.
An alternative possibility is that the additional factor that may be required
is that the threatened breach of contract must be regarded as “illegitimate
pressure” and that in some circumstances a threat of a breach of contract may
be regarded as not illegitimate.

**Can a threatened breach be legitimate?**

This possibility is suggested by American cases. Where unexpected difficulties
arise in the performance of a contract (even if they do not amount to
frustrating circumstances) it is often commercially reasonable for one party
to claim extra remuneration, or some other extra-contractual concession, as
the price of his continuing with performance. In these circumstances, a threat
to break the contract unless the extra consideration is forthcoming may well
be regarded as a legitimate form of commercial pressure, certainly where the
unanticipated difficulty means that he is genuinely unable to perform without
an extra payment, and possibly if the threatening party acts in the bona fide
belief that he is entitled to some extra payment or if the demand is in some
sense ‘fair’ ……

66 Before I consider some of the English cases cited by _Chitty_ and relied on
by the plaintiff in their submissions, I shall first look at a local case
cited by both parties, _viz_ _Sharon Global Solutions Pte Ltd v LG
International (Singapore) Pte Ltd_ [2001] 3 SLR 368, which facts were somewhat
similar to our case.

67 There, the plaintiff/seller sold steel goods to the defendant/buyer who
then entered into a back-to-back agreement to sell the goods to its own
customer. The plaintiff had underestimated the cost of procuring a vessel to
ship the goods and was unwilling to charter a vessel for the shipment unless
the defendant agreed to share the additional cost involved. Otherwise, the
plaintiff was prepared to face the consequences of breach and the resulting
forfeiture of the performance bond it had issued to the defendant. The
defendant felt it had no choice but to agree to the plaintiff’s demand in
order to meet the deadline of its customer. The defendant paid the first 25%
of the charter hire but failed to pay the balance and proceeded to demand a
refund of its payment. The plaintiff sued for the outstanding charter hire.
The plaintiff succeeded in its claim while the defendant’s defence (based on
economic duress) was dismissed along with its claim (as a counterclaim to the
plaintiff’s claim) to recover the payment it had made. Kan J held the defence
of economic duress had not been made out, relying on the same passages from
_Chitty_ set out in [65] above.

68 Rather than review the many cases cited by the plaintiff and referred to by
_Chitty_ , I shall refer to the _locus classicus_ on economic duress _viz_
_Pao On v Lau Liu Long_ [1979] 3 WLR 435 (“ _Pao On”_), a Privy Council
decision on appeal from the Hong Kong Court of Appeal. The facts in _Pao On_
are not relevant. Suffice it to say for our purpose that in _Pao On,_ the
plaintiffs who owned shares in a private company which they sold to the
defendants who were shareholders of a public company, brought an action to
enforce a guarantee that had been furnished to them by the defendants. The
defendants claimed the guarantee had been given under economic duress. The
trial judge allowed the plaintiffs’ claim but the decision was reversed on
appeal. The plaintiffs’ appeal to the Judicial Committee was allowed.

69 Lord Scarman in delivering the judgment of the law lords cited with
approval the judgments of Kerr J in _Occidental Worldwide Investment
Corporation v Skibs A/S Avanti_ [1976] 1 Lloyd’s Rep 293 and Mocatta J in
_North_ _Ocean Shipping Co. Ltd v Hyundai Construction Co Ltd_ [1979] 3 WLR
419, in recognising that commercial pressure may constitute duress the
pressure of which can render a contract voidable. His lordship continued (at p
451):

Both stressed that the pressure must be such that the victim’s consent to the
contract was not a voluntary act on his part. In their Lordships’ view, there
is nothing contrary to principle in recognising economic duress as a factor
which may render a contract voidable, provided always that the basis of such
recognition is that it must amount to a coercion of will, which vitiates
consent. It must be shown that the payment made or the contract entered into
was not a voluntary act.

70 A more recent English case where _Pao On_ was followed is _B &S Contracts
and Design Ltd v Victor Green Publications Ltd_ [1984] ICR 419 while a local
case that applied _Pao On_ is _Third World Development Ltd v Atang Latief_
[1990] SLR 20. There the appellate court applied the tests set out by Lord
Scarman (at p 450):

….In determining whether there was a coercion of will such that there was no
true consent, it is material to inquire whether the person alleged to have
coerced did or did not protest; whether, at the time he was allegedly coerced
into making the contract, he did or did not have an alternative course open to
him such as an adequate legal remedy; whether he was independently advised;
and whether after entering the contract he took steps to avoid it. All these
matters are, as was recognised in _Maskell v Horner_ [1915], relevant in
determining whether he acted voluntarily or not.

71 It had been adduced from Kwan in cross-examination (see [59]) that the
defendant did not complain that it was forced to sign the January and March
agreements under duress prior to these proceedings. Further, as Ghosh
commented (see [32]), despite its letter dated 13 March 2007 [15] to the
plaintiff complaining of the unjustified price increase, the defendant placed
two orders for concrete with the plaintiff that month. It is also not in
dispute that the defendant took no steps to avoid the contract before it was
sued (see Lord Scarman’s dictum from _Pao On_ in [70] and the third paragraph
from _Chitty_ in [65]). Coupled with the fact that the defendant capitalised
on the sand ban by applying for extensions of time from the project’s
consultants on the basis it was _force majeure_ and it has not to-date, been
penalised in liquidated damages by MOE for any delays in the project, I find
that the defence of economic duress has not been made out.

72 To quote from the same passage from _Chitty_ , the plaintiff genuinely
believed it was unable to perform its obligation to supply the defendant with
concrete without extra payment, because it knew it needed to source (without
any certainty of success) for sand at exceptional cost, from whatever
suppliers it could find. In its stubborn belief that it was entitled to hold
the plaintiff to the original bargain set out in the Quotation, the defendant
made no efforts whatsoever to help the plaintiff by offering to obtain sand
for the project from the government stockpile for its orders from the
plaintiff (save for its 2 March 2007 order), even though it well-knew the
government was the only source of sand after the market supply ran out. I
reject in this regard Kwan’s excuse (observed earlier in [54]) that the
plaintiff did not ask for sand to be supplied for the defendant’s February
2007 orders. Contrary to their denials, he and Lee must have been told by Pek
of the plaintiff’s predicament in their telephone conversations with the
latter. What was obvious from the events that took place after the sand ban
is, that the defendant made no efforts to help the plaintiff in order to help
itself to obtain supplies of concrete for the project. In other words, it
failed to mitigate its losses as the plaintiff pleaded in the reply and
defence to the counterclaim (see [25]). Worst, rather than assist the
plaintiff to perform its contract, the defendant decided to source for
concrete from a third party (ICPL) at prices higher than what the plaintiff
had quoted in March 2007 (see [35]), a move that can only be construed as
calculated to form the basis of a claim against the plaintiff. It bears noting
that the defendant had started obtaining concrete from ICPL in February 2007
(supplying the company with sand obtained from the government stockpile),
while still negotiating with the plaintiff on the February quotation.

_**(ii) frustration**_

73 I next turn to the issue of frustration raised in the statement of claim
(see [21]). This issue was omitted in the plaintiff’s submissions but was
addressed by the defendant who contended that the sand ban did not cause the
contract to be frustrated. The defendant relied on the local case _Glahe
International Expo AG v ACS Computer Pte Ltd_ [1999] 2 SLR 620 (“ _Glahe_ ”)
to support its argument.

74 The appellate court in _Glahe_ had referred to _Davis Contractors Ltd v
Fareham UDC_ [1956] AC 696 (“ _Davis Contractors_ ”) where the test of a
radical change in obligations was spelt out for frustration to apply. In
_Davis Contractors_ , the plaintiffs agreed to build 78 houses for the
defendants at a fixed price, the work to be completed in eight months. The
plaintiffs made known to the defendants that their tender was subject to
adequate supplies of labour being available but the condition was not
incorporated into the contract. Due partly to bad weather but also to an
unforeseen shortage of labour, the work took 22 months to complete and cost
the plaintiffs some £17,000 more than they anticipated. The plaintiffs claimed
that the shortage of labour and the delay had frustrated the contract, so that
they were entitled to sue for the £17,000 on a _quantum meruit_ basis. The
House of Lords unanimously held that the unexpected turn of events which
rendered the contract more onerous than had been contemplated did not
frustrate the contract. Lord Reid said (at p 729):

...frustration occurs whenever the law recognises that without default of
either party a contractual obligation has become incapable of being performed
because the circumstances in which performance is called for would render it a
thing radically different from that which was undertaken by the contract. _Non
haec in foedera veni_. It was not this that I promised to do….There must
be….such a change in the significance of the obligation that the thing
undertaken would, if performed, be a different thing from that contracted for.

75 The appellate court in _Glahe_ adopted the test in _Davis Contractors_ and
similarly held in the case that the Swiss plaintiffs’ contract with the
Singapore defendants to purchase (in US dollars) computers for delivery to a
Soviet company in Moscow, was not frustrated by the sharp drop in the value of
the rouble against the US dollar between December 1990 and June 1991.

76 Would _Glahe_ and _Davis Contractors_ preclude the plaintiff from relying
on the doctrine of frustration? The _ratio decidendi_ of the two cases on
their facts was undoubtedly correct – performance of contractual obligations
at greater expense than had been anticipated did not amount to impossibility
of performance. Is our case similar? Undoubtedly, the plaintiff would not be
discharged from performance of the Quotation merely because it turned out to
be too difficult or onerous. However, I do not view the plaintiff’s inability
to fulfil the Quotation as being categorised as such. Even a government
minister had recognised that the sand ban (see [55]) was an abnormal situation
that was totally beyond anyone’s control. The sand ban was sudden and
unexpected. I reject as absurd in this regard the defendant’s submission
(which was also put to Ghosh) that the sand ban was foreseeable – it was not.

77 The premise for the performance of the contract evidenced in the Quotation
was that the plaintiff would be able to obtain sand at the prices they had
been paying ($11-$12 per ton) to produce concrete. It also envisaged that the
plaintiff would have a ready supply of sand at all times. The situation
changed completely after the sand ban, that premise no longer held. Sand was
no longer easily available or available at all, even if the plaintiff was
willing to pay any price. Added to that, the defendant refused to assist the
plaintiff to obtain sand, when it was well within the defendant’s power to do
so by drawing on the government stockpile. It has to be emphasised in this
regard that the defendant as a contractor of public projects, was entitled to
obtain sand from the government stockpile _not_ the plaintiff. The plaintiff
could no longer perform the contract because of the non-availability of sand,
an event outside its control and which caused it to close down two plants. The
contract evidenced in the Quotation was accordingly frustrated.

_**(iii) Was there consideration for the January and March agreements?**_

78 I shall now consider the alternative defence that the January and March
agreements lacked consideration. Citing from _Chitty_ (p 1298 at para 22-035),
the defendant submitted that where one party undertakes an additional
obligation but the other party is merely bound to perform his existing
obligations, the agreement will not be effective to vary the contract because
there is no consideration. Here, there was no good consideration to support
the variation because the parties were in effect carrying out their existing
obligations under the contract save that the plaintiff asked the defendant to
pay more for the concrete. The ‘promise’ by the plaintiff to supply and
deliver concrete after the January and March agreements was not good
consideration as the ‘promise’ was not an unconditional promise to supply but
conditioned on the plaintiff being able to obtain sand. There was no
additional or practical benefit to the defendant as was found in _Williams v
Roffey Bros & Nicholls (Contractors) Ltd_ [1991] 1 QB 1 (“ _William’s_ case”).
The plaintiff submitted otherwise, also relying on _Williams’_ case as well as
on _Sharon Global Solutions Pte Ltd v LG International (Singapore) Pte Ltd_
[63].

79 In _Williams’_ case, the defendants contracted to refurbish a flat at a
fixed price of £20,000. They subcontracted the carpentry work to the
plaintiff. The plaintiff got into financial difficulties because the
subcontract price was too low to enable him to operate satisfactorily and to
make a profit. If the plaintiff did not finish the carpentry work on time, the
defendant would be penalised under a term in the main contract. The defendant
therefore orally offered the plaintiff an additional £10,300 at the rate of
£575 per flat for completion of the carpentry work. After the plaintiff had
substantially completed eight more flats, he stopped work as the defendant had
only made one payment of £1,500. The plaintiff then sued the defendant for the
additional sum promised. The judge awarded the plaintiff judgment on his
claim.

80 The English Court of Appeal dismissed the defendants’ appeal and held that
where a party to a contract promised to make an additional payment in return
for the other party’s promise to perform his existing contractual obligations
and as a result secured a benefit or avoided a detriment, the advantage
secured by the promise of additional payment was capable of constituting
consideration provided it was not secured by economic duress. The defendants’
promise to pay the plaintiff the additional sum of £10,300 in return for the
plaintiff’s promise to perform his existing contractual obligations on time
resulted in a commercial advantage to the defendants and was sufficient
consideration to support the defendants’ promise to pay the additional sum.

81 Returning to our case, I had noted earlier at [59] that the defendant used
the plaintiff’s concrete to complete the casting for blocks C and D before it
sent its letter of 13 March 2007 purportedly accepting the plaintiff’s
repudiatory breach. In other words, the January and March agreements benefited
the defendant as it enabled the defendant to complete its crucial casting
works and thereby avoid having to pay liquidated damages to MOE. It bears
remembering that without casting works for structural works being completed,
other construction works cannot proceed. As I have already found there was no
economic duress involved in the signing of the two agreements, there was
valuable consideration provided by the plaintiff for the increase in concrete
prices set out in the two documents.

82 For completeness, I shall address two minor issues before I conclude this
judgment.

_**(iv) Does clause 3 of the Quotation cover force majeure and did the sand
ban amount to force majeure?**_

83 The defendant had submitted that cl 3 was ambiguous in that it seemed to
suggest that upon the occurrence of an event specified thereunder, the
plaintiff was no longer obliged to supply concrete and would be discharged
completely from performance of its obligations. The defendant argued this
cannot be the correct interpretation. Based on the plaintiff’s own pleaded
case, the plaintiff had contended that cl 3 entitled it to suspend not stop,
the supply and delivery of concrete. However, its action suggested otherwise –
that it could stop supply altogether after the sand ban was announced.

84 I do not think cl 3 at [3] is ambiguous at all. If any of the events
therein specified occurs, the plaintiff simply has no obligation to deliver
concrete to the defendant. In this case the sand ban arose through
circumstances beyond the control of the plaintiff. A _force majeure_ event
occurs when it takes place without the fault of either party. Here, the sand
ban would qualify as a _force majeure_. Unless it is lifted (which appears to
be highly unlikely), the plaintiff cannot resume its obligation to supply
concrete to the defendant without an alternative and continuous source of
sand, at a reasonable cost. It bears repeating that the defendant relied on
the sand ban as a _force majeure_ in its own application to the consultants of
the project for extensions of time.

_**(v) Was the plaintiff entitled to suspend supply of concrete to the
defendant under clause 12?**_

85 The badly worded cl 12 has been set out earlier at [3]. Counsel for the
defendant made much of the fact that Pek in cross-examination (at N/E 83 on
4.8.07) had admitted his mistake as the plaintiff had no right to suspend
supply of concrete for February 2007, the defendant not having exceeded the 60
days’ credit terms (see [3]). That defence would only hold good for two of the
invoices ($16,472.93) which 60 days credit expired on 7 February 2007.
Counsel’s argument overlooked the fact that the defendant failed to pay even
_after_ 28 February 2007 the six invoices outstanding since December 2006
totalling $106,333.52, of the total sum owed to the plaintiff of $175,142.66
(see [4]). Instead, it alleged by its letter dated 13 March 2007 that the
plaintiff was in breach of the Quotation.

_**(vi) Clause 21 of the Quotation**_

86 The defendant had relied on cl 21 which Kwan inserted into the Quotation.
The clause has been set out earlier at [3]. That equally badly worded clause
at first blush appears to allow the defendant without qualification to obtain
alternative sources of supply of concrete once the plaintiff fails to deliver
the orders it placed. That would be an absurd interpretation of the clause and
would offend all sense of fair play and justice. Clause 21 must be read in the
context of and subject to all the other clauses in the Quotation especially
cll 3 and 12.

**Conclusion**

87 Based on my earlier finding at [71], the defendant has failed to discharge
the burden to prove the January and March agreements were executed under
economic duress. I find that there was consideration provided for the two
agreements and in that respect I adopt the reasoning in _Williams’_ case (see
[80]).

88 Accordingly, I award judgment to the plaintiff on its claim for $305,153.40
with interest and costs and correspondingly dismiss the defendant’s
counterclaim for $418,149.87 with costs.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 11 Dec 2008 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

