Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## British and Malayan Trustees Ltd and Another v Chng Heng Tee (alias Cheng
Kim Tee) and Another  
[2008] SGHC 2

Case Number | : | OS 1329/2007  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 07 January 2008  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Choo Han Teck J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Edwin Tong and Colin Chow (Allen & Gledhill LLP) for the applicants; Kee Lay Lian and Melvin Lum (Rajah & Tann) for the claimants; Chelva Rajah SC and Han Kee Fong (Tan Rajah & Cheah) for 18 beneficiaries; Lai Kwok Seng (Lai Mun Onn & Co) for Koh Tek Heng; Lim Hock Seng in person   
Parties | : |  British and Malayan Trustees Ltd; Dr Irene Lim Kay Han — Chng Heng Tee (alias Cheng Kim Tee); Chng Kim Choo alias Chuan Heng Choo   
  
Probate and Administration  
  

7 January 2008 |   
---|---  
  
Choo Han Teck J:

1 Before me was an application by the present trustees (“the Applicants”) of
the Will of Lim Yew Teok (“the Will”), seeking the Court’s directions as to
whether 40 shares of the income of the residuary trust funds under the trust
of the Will ought to fall into residue or whether it ought to devolve unto
some other beneficiary, and if so, to whom and in what proportions.

Factual Background

2 There were originally 95 shares of the income of the residuary trust funds
under the trust of the Will. At present, there are 93 shares remaining, as two
shares have already fallen into residue. Through the years, Lim Chui Ngor
(“LCN”) had come to hold 40 out of the remaining 93 shares of the income of
the residuary trust funds. LCN passed away on 29 June 2006, leaving behind no
surviving lineal descendents of the original residuary legatees. LCN was also
unmarried and left no issue when she died. So the question arose as to what
should happen to LCN’s 40 shares.

3 Madam Chng Heng Choo and Madam Chng Heng Tee (“the Chngs”) have made a claim
for a portion of the 40 shares of the income of the residuary trust funds
under the trust of the Will. The Chngs are not beneficiaries to any shares of
the income of the residuary trust funds. They are the daughters of LCN’s
grandfather, Chng Phee Lam and his second wife. As such, they are the half-
blood paternal aunts of LCN.

4 The claim made by the Chngs has been opposed by Lim Cheng Chuan, Lim Hood
Ewe and 16 others (“the Lims”) and a Mr Lim Hock Seng. The Lims are
beneficiaries under the Will to a proportion of the 93 shares of the income of
the residuary funds. The Lims are of the view that all 40 shares of the income
of the residuary trust funds enjoyed by LCN should now fall into residue. The
Applicants’ preferred view is that all 40 shares should also fall into residue
but have indicated that should the court find otherwise, only 15 shares should
not fall into residue if at all. And even if so, the said 15 shares should not
devolve unto the Chngs. Finally, the Chngs on the other hand, take the
position that only 25 out of the 40 shares should fall into residue while the
remaining 15 shares should pass directly to them.

5 By way of cl 6 of the Will, the remainder of Lim Yew Teok’s estate was to be
held by his trustees upon trust. The Will sets out the manner in which the
shares of the income of the residuary trust funds should be distributed in the
event of the deaths of any of the original residuary legatees. It is the
effect and interpretation of cl 6 that was the issue before me.

Parties’ Contentions

6 The position at law with regard to how clauses in wills are to be
interpreted is clear and the parties were generally in agreement with the
relevant principles. The dispute in this present case arises more in relation
to the application of the law when looking to interpret cl 6 of the Will in
question. As with most legal interpretations of such clauses, the extremes of
subjectivity involved in this present case did not disappoint and parties
opted for constructions that benefited their own relative positions this was
to be expected. It is worthwhile noting that the Will has already been
subjected to the interpretation of the courts on at least four separate
instances.

7 The parties had come before me to resolve the destination of LCN’s 40
shares. However, in essence, the issue was concerned with only 15 of the 40
shares. These 15 shares were passed unto LCN from the original residuary
legatees (ie. through a first transfer) Lim Ah Kow passed ten shares and Chan
Mek Tuan passed five. The Chngs claim that it is these 15 shares that should
devolve unto them. The Chngs do not dispute that the remaining 25 shares,
which came to be LCN’s through means other than through the original residuary
legatees (ie. through a second transfer or more) should fall into residue.

8 While the Lims take the view that all 40 shares should fall into residue,
the Applicants have adopted two views. The Applicants’ preferred view is that
all 40 shares ought to fall into residue. However, the Applicants also accept
that a second interpretation was possible. Under this second interpretation,
the Applicants accept that the 15 shares which the Chngs are claiming, will
not fall into residue even where there has been a complete failure of the
stirps of the original residuary legatee so long as the deceased legatee is
survived by a next of kin. In any case, the Applicants submit that even if the
second interpretation is adopted, the 15 shares will devolve unto Koh Tek
Heng, who is the closest surviving full-blood relative of LCN and not unto the
Chngs.

9 Based on the above, it was thus only necessary for me to apply my mind to
the question of whether the 15 shares which passed to LCN from the original
residuary legatees should now fall into residue or devolve unto some other
party, and if so, to whom.

Decision

10 For convenience, I shall set out the relevant portion of cl 6 of the Will
that is the subject of contention in this matter:

…to divide the balance of the income thereof into ninety five equal shares and
pay the same to the legatees following (hereinafter called “my residuary
legatees”) or _in the event of the death of any one or more of such legatees
to the next of kin of such legatee or legatees so dead in accordance with the
statutes of distribution_ **_and_** _in the event of the death of any one or
more of such next of kin as aforesaid then to the next of kin of such next of
kin in accordance with the statutes of distribution_ **_and only_** _in the
event of the complete failure of the stirps of any one or more of my residuary
legatees shall the shares of such original residuary legatee or legatees fall
into residue_.”

The portion of cl 6 relevant to the present application was interpreted by
Ambrose J in _British and Malayan Trustees Ltd v Chng Kiat Leng & Ors_ [1966]
2 MLJ 260 at 261. Ambrose J divided the clause in several sub-provisions as
follows:

• The balance of the income of the residuary trust funds be divided into 95
equal shares to be paid to the Original Residuary Legatees;

• Sub-Clause 1: “…or in the event of the death of any one or more of such
legatees to the next of kin of such legatee or legatees so dead in accordance
with the statutes of distribution…”;

• Sub-Clause 2: “…and in the event of the death of any one or more of such
next of kin as aforesaid then to the next of kin of such next of kin in
accordance with the Statutes of Distribution…”; and

• Sub-Clause 3: “…and only in the event of the complete failure of the stirps
of any one or more of my residuary legatees shall the shares of such original
residuary legatee or legatees fall into residue.”

11 Ambrose J held that, the shares would pass from an original residuary
legatee to a next of kin (“Sub-Clause 1”) and then from the next of kin of the
original residuary legatee to the next of kin of the next of kin of the
original residuary legatee (“Sub-Clause 2”). It was only after the Sub-Clause
2 stage that the shares would have to pass unto a person who was not only a
next of kin of the next of kin of the next of kin of the original residuary
legatee but who was also a stirp: see _British and Malayan Trustees Ltd v Chng
Kiat Leng & Ors_ [1966] 2 MLJ 260 at 261.

12 In consolidating the points made above, first, it was pertinent that the
clause made a distinction between “next of kin” and “stirps”. The use of the
two separate terms indicated that the testator’s intention must be for the two
terms to connote different meanings. In the present situation, my view is that
the term “next of kin” was used generally here to encompass all blood
relatives. However, the term “stirps”, was used only in relation to
**_descendents_** by blood. This interpretation is in line with the approach
taken by Brown J in _British Malaya Trustee and Executor Co v Chng Phee Lam_
[1948] MLJ 188, where it was stated at 189 that “stirps” in cl 6 “referred to
is…clearly the **_descendents_** by blood of….”. That is to say that while
everyone in the family tree under the said Will can be someone else’s next of
kin, not everyone will be considered a stirp.

13 The Applicants’ case is based broadly on 2 lines of reasoning. The first is
that the 15 shares cannot devolve unto the Chngs because they are the
daughters of the second wife of LCN’s grandfather. As such, the Applicants
point out that the Chngs are clearly not LCN’s “descendents by blood”.
**_Descendents_** should be taken to mean someone directly down the line in
the family tree, whom the Chngs are not.

14 The Applicants’ second line of reasoning as to why the 15 shares should not
devolve unto the Chngs, is that LCN is a “stirp” of one or more of the
testator’s residuary legatees. Hence, the Applicants submitted that the part
of cl 6 that should apply in the present situation is “… **_and only_** _in
the event of the complete failure of the stirps of any one or more of my
residuary legatees shall the shares of such original residuary legatee or
legatees fall into residue_ ”. By their reasoning, since LCN was unmarried and
had no children, it should follow that the 15 shares should fall into residue
due to LCN’s “complete failure”.

15 Notably, the Chngs themselves have accepted that the above reasoning is
correct but only insofar as the 25 shares are concerned. This was because LCN
had derived them through a second transfer (the Sub-Clause 2 stage) and on her
death, the said shares should go to someone who was not only a next of kin but
also a stirp. And consequent to LCN’s complete failure, the 25 shares ought to
rightfully fall into residue. However, the Chngs’ case is that the other 15
shares which they claim, can devolve unto someone who was simply a next of kin
and not necessarily a stirp as the said shares have only been through a first
transfer (Sub-Clause 1 stage). The Chngs argue that as her aunts, they qualify
as LCN’s next of kin.

16 The reading of the cl 6 as submitted by the Chngs appears to be in line
with the methodology adopted by Abrose J in _British and Malayan Trustees Ltd
v Chng Kiat Leng & Ors_ [1966] 2 MLJ 260. After having considered cl 6, I am
of the view that it was also the correct approach despite the Applicants’
disputation that the Chngs’ construction brought about a disjunctive reading
of the clause and was hence a wrong interpretation.

17 The clause as broken down by Ambrose J results in such an approach being
taken. Further, it would also seem to be an appropriate way of dealing with
the clause in a logical step-by-step method. As such, I determined that while
25 of the 40 shares fell into residue, the remaining 15 shares in question
would accordingly devolve unto the Chngs – in the absence of any other better
claim to the said shares.

18 In the circumstances, the Applicants, Mr Lim Hock Seng and the Lims are to
bear the costs of this application.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 07 Jan 2008 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

