Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Dongwoo Mann+Hummel Co Ltd v Mann+Hummel GmbH  
[2008] SGHC 67

Case Number | : | OS 713/2007  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 08 May 2008  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Chan Seng Onn J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Alvin Yeo SC, Chan Hock Keng, Koh Swee Yen and Bryanne Liao (WongPartnership LLP) for the plaintiff; Wong Por Luk Paul and Sharon Liu (Rodyk & Davidson LLP) for the defendant   
Parties | : |  Dongwoo Mann+Hummel Co Ltd — Mann+Hummel GmbH   
  
Arbitration – Award – Recourse against award – Setting aside – Rules of
natural justice – Whether party given full opportunity to be heard – Whether
tribunal tacitly relying on information not disclosed to other party as
required – Whether award made contrary to public policy  
  

8 May 2008 |  Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Chan Seng Onn J:

Introduction

1 The plaintiff, Dongwoo Mann+Hummel Co., Ltd (“Dongwoo”), is a company
incorporated in Korea and is in the business of manufacture and sale of
automotive filtration systems to the Korean automotive industry. The
defendant, Mann+Hummel GmbH (“M+H”), is a company incorporated in Germany and
is in the business of automotive filtration.

2 Dongwoo commenced the present action (by way of Originating Summons No 713
of 2007 dated 9 May 2007) to set aside the final award dated 13 February 2007
(the “award”) in an arbitration between Dongwoo and M+H (“the parties”). The
arbitration was conducted pursuant to the Singapore International Arbitration
Centre (“SIAC”) Rules (2nd Ed, 22 October 1997) (“the SIAC Rules”). The _lex
situs_ was Singapore and the law governing the arbitration was therefore
Singapore law.

3 Dongwoo brought this action in relation to the arbitration tribunal’s (“the
tribunal”) determination of two particular issues raised in the arbitration:
(1) the Crank Case Ventilation (“CCV”) oil separator and (2) the S-Engine oil
filter, and on the following grounds:

(a) that the conduct of the proceedings and/or the conduct of the tribunal was
such that Dongwoo was not accorded a full and proper opportunity to present
its case and/or was otherwise unable to present its case (pursuant to Art
34(2)(a)(ii) of the UNCITRAL Model Law on International Commercial Arbitration
(the “Model Law”));

(b) that the rules of natural justice had been breached in connection with the
making of the award by which Dongwoo’s rights have been prejudiced (pursuant
to s 24 of the International Arbitration Act (Cap 143A, 2002 Rev Ed) (“IAA”));
and

(c) that the award is in conflict with the public policy of Singapore
(pursuant to Art 34(2)(b)(ii) of the Model Law).

4 After hearing the parties’ submissions, I dismissed Dongwoo’s action. I now
give my reasons.

**Facts**

5 Sometime in March 2001, M+H and one Mr Choonsung Ley (“Ley”) entered into a
memorandum of understanding (“MOU”) in which they envisaged the establishment
of a joint venture, using Dongwoo as the vehicle for the joint venture.

6 However, the parties did not proceed precisely along the terms of the MOU,
but eventually entered into various agreements:

(a) A **share purchase agreement** dated 20 December 2002 between Dongwoo’s
shareholders and M+H for the acquisition of 10% equity interest in Dongwoo by
M+H (“the SPA”);

(b) A **shareholders agreement** dated 20 December 2002 between Dongwoo and
Dongwoo’s shareholders on one part and M+H on the other part (“the SA”); and

(c) As provided for in the SPA, a **technical assistance and trademark
licensing agreement** between Dongwoo and M+H dated 3 January 2003 (“the
TATLA”).

7 Under the TATLA, M+H was obliged to supply Dongwoo with technical
information in order that Dongwoo may manufacture air and liquid filtration
products (“the Products”) for vehicles, industrial and construction machinery
and equipment, which included the CCV oil separator and the S-Engine oil
filter. Article 3.1 of the TATLA provides as follows:

3.1 [M+H] shall supply [Dongwoo] with Technical Information available to [M+H]
in order that [Dongwoo] may manufacture the Products. Such Technical
Information shall include:

(a) Engineering drawings needed in the establishment of manufacturing
processes for the Products;

(b) Specifications;

(c) Lists of recommended raw materials, and identity of sources of supply for
raw materials;

(d) Data for inspection and trial operations;

(e) Any other Technical Information which in [M+H’s] opinion will be
reasonably necessary to [Dongwoo] in its manufacture of the Products; and

(d) Any **_improvements or modifications_** of the foregoing.

[emphasis added]

8 Technical information is defined in Article 1.6 of the TATLA as:

… designs, drawings and other technical and sales documentation and
information relating to the manufacture, use and sale of the Products which
[M+H] now possesses and is **_free to disclose_** to [Dongwoo**]_without
accounting to others_** and which, in [M+H’s] opinion, would be reasonably
necessary for an experienced manufacturer to manufacture, use and sell the
Products... [emphasis added]

9 Article 9 governs the termination of the TATLA and provides, _inter alia_ ,
that:

9.1 This Agreement shall be effective for an initial period from the Effective
Date of this Agreement until December 31, 2005, unless earlier terminated as
provided herein…

9.2 This Agreement shall be terminable forthwith upon the sending of notice in
writing upon the occurrence of one or more of the following events:

…

(c) by either party hereto, if the other party shall commit **_a material
breach_** (including but not limited to nonpayment of the fees and royalties
set forth in Article 4 of this Agreement or non-fulfilment of [M+H’s] quality
standards) of any of its obligations under this Agreement which **_shall not
be remedied within thirty (30) days_** from the giving of written notice
requiring said breach to be remedied provided, however, that if any **_further
breaches occur of the same type_** , this agreement may then be terminated
forthwith…

[emphasis added]

10 Article 12.3 states that:

12.3 Any controversy or claim arising out of or in relation to this Agreement,
or breach hereof, shall be finally settled by arbitration.

(a) Arbitration shall be conducted in Singapore.

(b) Arbitration shall be conducted in accordance with the rules of
conciliation and arbitration of the SIAC.

(c) …

(d) The decision of the arbitrators shall be final and binding on all parties
without right of appeal…

11 The SA provided in Article 11.1 for M+H to have a call option to acquire
the balance of the shares in Dongwoo, and in Article 15.2(d) for the
termination of the SA:

… forthwith upon the sending of notice in writing upon the occurrence of one
or more of the following events:

…

(d) by either Party hereto, if the SPA or the [TATLA] has been terminated due
to breach by the other Party…

12 Subsequent to changes in Dongwoo’s shareholding, Dongwoo’s shareholders and
M+H entered into an amended and restated shareholders agreement on 15 March
2004 (“the ARSA”) which contained Articles 11.1 and 15.2(d) of the SA in the
same terms, save that Article 15.2(d) included a reference to a second share
purchase agreement providing for the acquisition of an additional 3% equity
interest in Dongwoo by M+H. The second share purchase agreement was entered
into at or about the same time as the ARSA.

13 On 14 September 2005, Dongwoo sent a letter to M+H stating that it had been
experiencing substantial difficulties in communicating with and obtaining
technical cooperation from M+H regarding its inquiries about various Products
(which included the CCV oil separator and the S-Engine oil filter) and
requiring M+H to promptly remedy its default in providing the requisite
technical information.

14 On 10 October 2005, Dongwoo sent a further letter to M+H stating that the
technical information provided by M+H continued to fall far short of the
technical information that should be provided under the TATLA.

15 On 27 October 2005, Dongwoo sent a letter terminating the TATLA pursuant to
Article 9.2(c) of the TATLA (see [9] above).

16 Thereafter, Dongwoo’s shareholders sent a letter dated 28 October 2005
terminating the ARSA pursuant to Article 15.2(d) of the ARSA (see [11] and
[12] above).

17 M+H denied the right of Dongwoo to terminate the TATLA and referred the
question of the validity of the purported termination of the TATLA by Dongwoo
to arbitration.

18 In its Statement of Case, M+H prayed for:

(a) a declaration that Dongwoo’s purported termination of the TATLA was
invalid and that the TATLA remained in full force and effect; and

(b) compensation for all legal and other expenses incurred in connection with
the dispute. M+H did not have a specific prayer for damages.

19 In its Statement of Defence and Counterclaim, Dongwoo sought:

(a) a declaration that the TATLA had been validly terminated as of 27 October
2005;

(b) payment for all lost profits and loss of goodwill due to M+H’s failure to
provide the technical documents; and

(c) full compensation for all legal fees and other expenses incurred in
connection with the arbitration.

20 In the course of the run up to the hearing of the substantive issues, the
tribunal comprising Mr Tómas Kennedy-Grant QC (as chairman), Mr Michael Hwang
SC and Dr Wolfgang Kuhn made rulings on various applications and gave various
directions regarding the future conduct of the arbitration up to and including
the hearing of the substantive issues.

21 Of particular relevance to the present action was the tribunal’s rulings on
discovery and document production. Another significant part of the tribunal’s
findings related to the S-Engine Oil Filter Project. I will elaborate on these
in turn.

The tribunal’s directions as to discovery

22 Prior to the arbitration hearing and by a letter dated 10 March 2006,
Dongwoo’s Korean counsel, M/s Bae Kim & Lee (“BKL”), sent a request to M+H for
the production of 7 categories of documents as part of its discovery. In
particular, Request No 7 was a request for copies of all technical information
that related to certain Products, including the CCV oil separator, which was
requested previously by Dongwoo through its various correspondence sent to
M+H. The basis for this request was that the documents were relevant to the
arbitration because the scope of the technical assistance required under the
TATLA was the primary issue to be resolved in the arbitration and M+H had
alleged that it had already provided Dongwoo with the necessary technical
assistance required.

23 On 17 March 2006, M+H’s Korean counsel, M/s Kim & Chang (“KC”), wrote to
the chairman of the tribunal with a copy to BKL and SIAC stating that
Dongwoo’s request for documents was unreasonably broad and burdensome. It
sought the production of many categories of documents which were neither
relevant nor material to this dispute. M+H further stated in the letter that
it had already provided all the technical information that it was obliged to
provide under the TATLA to Dongwoo. M+H therefore requested the tribunal to
exercise its powers to determine the admissibility, relevance and materiality
of the documents required by Dongwoo and to issue further instructions as it
deemed necessary.

24 After the production of certain documents by M+H on 17 and 24 March 2006 in
response to Dongwoo’s request on 10 March 2006, BKL informed the tribunal by
way of letter dated 7 April 2006 (with a copy to KC and SIAC) that the
documents produced still fell short of satisfying Dongwoo’s request. BKL
explained the necessity of the documents to the tribunal as follows:

Dongwoo respectfully submits that it is necessary for Dongwoo to review the
requested documents to properly defend its claim in this dispute and that
limiting the scope of discovery without sufficient grounds would unjustly
preclude Dongwoo (and the Tribunal for that matter) from accessing potentially
critical documents that are directly relevant to the core of the dispute.
Thus, given that the documents requested by Dongwoo are clearly relevant to
this arbitration and such documents are limited to those that have already
been created prior to his dispute, Dongwoo believes that [M+H] should produce
the documents according to the original request dated March 10, 2006. However,
in the spirit of good faith and to lessen the burden on the Tribunal, Dongwoo
has shortened and clarified its original document request below. Unless [M+H]
agrees to produce the documents based on this modified request, Dongwoo seeks
an order from this Tribunal instructing [M+H] to produce the documents at the
earliest date possible to allow Dongwoo an opportunity to review them and
defend its case accordingly.

25 In the interest of moving the case forward, BKL then clarified Request No 7
and narrowed it to the following items previously sought in specific
correspondence from Dongwoo to M+H:

(a) Test standards and reports on the performance of its spin-on type gasoline
oil filters and for the oil filter part number W712/38 (“oil filter”);

(b) Design standards for the oil filter and for the CCV oil separator part
number 39 310 70 900;

(c) Design ‘Failure Mode Effect Analysis’ (“D-FMEA”) reports and Process FMEA
reports (“P-FMEA”) for the CCV oil separator;

(d) Quality control plans for the CCV oil separator;

(e) Material standards for resonators, hose and duct in air cleaners; and

(f) Benchmarking reports for the CCV oil separator and for the spin-on type
gasoline oil filters installed in gasoline automobiles of 2.4 litres engine
size exported to North America.

26 M+H still did not produce the documents in the narrowed and clarified
Request No 7. Various correspondence were exchanged and in a further reply
dated 27 April 2006, M+H informed Dongwoo that the provision of these
documents might be a breach of M+H’s confidentiality obligations to its
customers, and that the documents would not be produced unless ordered by the
tribunal. In particular, one specific reason for the non-production of the
documents relating to the CCV oil separator was that it was a very old part
and that M+H did not have the information requested by Dongwoo. It was
emphasised that “ _Mann+Hummel repeats and confirms that it does not maintain
this information._ ” To address M+H’s concern of confidentiality, Dongwoo
offered to sign a confidentiality agreement or to abide by a stipulated order
by which Dongwoo would agree to keep any documents produced under this
category in strict confidence and not to use them beyond the purpose of the
arbitration. However, KC insisted that the documents not provided to Dongwoo
were beyond the scope of the TATLA and were irrelevant to this dispute.

27 On 10 May 2006, the tribunal issued a ruling (“the 1st Ruling”) ordering,
_inter alia_ , M+H to comply with Dongwoo’s narrowed and clarified Request No
7 on condition of an undertaking to be provided by Dongwoo on certain terms
spelt out by the tribunal to safeguard the confidentiality of the documents
ordered to be produced. The tribunal considered these documents to be relevant
and material to the matters in dispute, but this was not to be taken as a
finding on any substantive issue in the arbitration. In addition, the tribunal
made it clear that it was not for M+H to decide whether the documents were
relevant and material, or whether they arguably could or could not have been
produced under the TATLA.

28 In response to the 1st Ruling, KC wrote to the tribunal on 19 May 2006
reiterating that the CCV oil separator was a very old part and M+H engineers
did not maintain the information that Dongwoo had requested. M+H had searched
its archives and was not able to locate any of the requested documents
relating to the CCV oil separator except for **_the design standard drawings
for the CCV oil “filter”_** (presumably referring to the CCV oil separator),
which KC attached to the letter to the tribunal as **_Exhibit A_**. In this
letter, KC **_appealed to the tribunal to reconsider its decision_** in
relation to one aspect of the 1st Ruling and requested that it be modified
only with respect to the CCV oil separator. KC explained that:

The information in these drawings (as well as the D-FEMA and P-FEMA, quality
control plans, etc.) regarding the CCV oil separator is not the property of
Mann+Hummel. The CCV oil separator was designed to specifications provided by
a major customer, and therefore contains proprietary information belonging to
such customer. In addition, it was designed for a specific engine under a
contract which gives all rights with respect to the technical information used
by Mann+Hummel to produce this part to the customer. As such, the information
requested by Dongwoo is the property of the customer. The confidentiality
provisions of the contract currently in effect and applicable to this part are
attached hereto as **_Exhibit B_**.

Except under extremely limited circumstances, Mann+Hummel is not permitted to
disclose this information to any third party. One such circumstance is a valid
court order which requires the disclosure of this information, provided that
Mann+Hummel must provide a written notice of the court order to the customer
and receive full cooperation from the other party to ensure cooperation in the
confidential treatment of the information. Mann+Hummel wishes to avoid being
forced to make such a notification (i.e. that Mann+Hummel is compelled to
disclose the customer’s confidential information) because of the severe damage
this may cause to its business relationship with this very important customer.
In addition to damaging this important business relationship, the disclosure
of this information could cause severe economic harm to Mann+Hummel and its
customer.

Given the highly confidential nature of these documents, Mann+Hummel
respectfully requests that the Tribunal review the attached design standard
drawings and contractual confidentiality provisions governing the disclosure
of these documents by Mann+Hummel. A review of these documents will enable the
Tribunal to determine whether documents pertaining to the CCV oil separator
are indeed relevant to this dispute in light of Mann+Hummel’s obligations
under the TATLA. If the Tribunal finds that these documents are not relevant
to this dispute, Mann+Hummel respectfully requests that the Ruling be modified
accordingly only with respect to the CCV oil separator.

[emphasis added]

29 Dongwoo was aware of the nature of the documents enclosed and given to the
tribunal as it was also sent a copy of the letter dated 19 May 2006 albeit
**__without_ the enclosures_** (_ie_ , Exhibits A and B). However, at no time
did Dongwoo agree that these Exhibits A and B (or any other documents) could
be provided solely to the tribunal without Dongwoo being afforded an
opportunity to review and comment on them.

30 On 24 May 2006, BKL replied by way of a letter emphasising the prejudice
caused to Dongwoo by being deprived of an opportunity to comment substantively
on the documents which had been intentionally withheld from Dongwoo and
disclosed only to the tribunal. BKL requested the tribunal to disregard M+H’s
letter of 19 May 2006 and to order M+H to abide by the original deadline of 26
May 2006 in the 1st Ruling to supply the documents requested because of the
following reasons:

(a) It was highly objectionable for M+H to drag into the discovery ruling
procedures the very issues that would be addressed by both parties on the
merits;

(b) It was a disguised request for a reconsideration of the discovery ruling
for which M+H received no leave to seek. Effectively, M+H was asking the
tribunal, in an _ex parte_ manner, to retract its previous decision on the
relevancy of the requested documents. This was grossly unfair and groundless
as the confidentiality issue had been fully evaluated by the tribunal prior to
rendering the 1st Ruling, and the tribunal had properly addressed the matter
by conditioning the compliance of Request No 7 to certain undertakings which
ensured that all documents under this category would be treated as
confidential and used only for the purpose of the arbitration; and

(c) Showing the documents only to the tribunal had foreclosed Dongwoo’s
ability to comment substantively on them. This was highly prejudicial to
Dongwoo. The documents were directly relevant to the core issue of whether the
requested documents fell within the scope of the technical information
available to M+H that ought to be supplied to Dongwoo to enable Dongwoo to
manufacture the products as stipulated in Article 3.1 of the TATLA. The
actions of M+H to disclose the critical evidentiary documents only to the
tribunal (but not to Dongwoo) on grounds that M+H needed to maintain their
business relationship with customers outside the arbitration, even though such
documents would be kept in strict confidence, flew in the face of due process
and the very purpose of reasonable document discovery in arbitration.

31 Further, on the same date, Dongwoo provided a confidentiality undertaking
to M+H, pursuant to and in full compliance with the 1st Ruling.

32 On 26 May 2006, M+H disclosed several documents, but not those relating to
the CCV oil separator. M+H explained (with reference to Dongwoo’s Request No 7
for confidential and customer proprietary information on the CCV oil separator
part number 39 310 70 900) that unlike standardized parts such as spin-on
filters, this particular CCV oil separator was designed to specifications by
an OEM customer, and unfortunately the disclosure of technical information
regarding this part was restricted by a confidentiality agreement with this
customer. Supply of technical information on the CCV oil separator had been
explicitly excluded under Article 1.6 of the TATLA, which limited the
information to those which M+H was “ _free to disclose to [Dongwoo] without
accounting to others._ ” As such, information on this CCV oil separator was
irrelevant to the dispute, being outside the scope of assistance to Dongwoo
under the TATLA. M+H further explained that this CCV oil separator was a
relatively old part and was designed quite some time ago, and was therefore no
longer in the database readily available to M+H engineers, which was why M+H
mistakenly believed that it no longer maintained the information on it.
However, this part was still in production.

33 BKL responded on 30 May 2006 that the disclosure again was inadequate and
amounted to a deliberate non-compliance with the 1st Ruling, and that Dongwoo
was disabled from preparing its defence in which it needed to establish that
the documents it never received were in fact the crucial documents
contemplated under the TATLA, and without which development of the Products
was impossible. BKL submitted that if the arbitration were to proceed
regardless of this non-disclosure, the tribunal should, at the very least,
draw an adverse inference against M+H with regard to the relevancy of these
documents and its behaviour against Dongwoo during the term of the TATLA.

34 On 2 June 2006, KC replied characterising the impasse as a legal dispute
which did not require the production or examination of the documents relating
to the CCV oil separator, which M+H admitted it had intentionally not provided
to Dongwoo. KC said:

… The question is: was the production of documents which were subject to
third-party confidentiality agreements and/or contain third-party proprietary
information required under the TATLA? Likewise, was the production of
documents related to the design, development and manufacture of new products
required under the TATLA? These are purely legal questions and do not require
the examination of any documents which Mann+Hummel acknowledges were not
provided to Dongwoo.

.....

… As explained above, there is no reason to compel the production of these
documents, as there is no dispute between the parties as to the factual
issues, and only legal issues remain. Mann+Hummel respectfully submits that
the question of whether these documents are “relevant” to this dispute is
actually a legal question rather than a factual or discovery-related question.
Mann+Hummel also submits that the severe damage to an important business
relationship and the negative economic consequences which Mann+Hummel would
suffer if these documents are disclosed should be weighed against whatever
alleged difficulties Dongwoo claims it will suffer if these documents are not
produced.

35 On 5 June 2006, the tribunal issued a second ruling (“the 2nd Ruling”)
dismissing M+H’s application for modification of the 1st Ruling and Dongwoo’s
application for an order for further and better production of documents by
M+H, and reserving to Dongwoo the right to argue during the hearing that an
adverse inference should be drawn against M+H by reason of the manner in which
M+H had responded to the 1st Ruling. The tribunal gave the following reasons
for making its 2nd Ruling:

The reasons for the [2nd] Ruling

(a) _[M+H’s] application for modification of the Ruling of 10 May 2006_

10 In its detailed response of 27 April 2006 to [Dongwoo’s] letter of 7 April
2006 [M+H] did not raise confidentiality issues specifically in relation to
the CCV oil separator, stating only that it was a very old part and that it
did not have the information requested by [Dongwoo].

11 As noted in paragraph 2 of this Ruling, [M+H] now contends that the
documents relating to this item are not its property and are unable to be made
available in this arbitration without a Court order.

12 I make no finding as to the truth of this allegation.

13 Having regard to the clauses of the TATLA referred to by the parties in
their submissions in this regard, it appears to me that it will be for
[Dongwoo] to establish that information regarding the CCV oil separator is
information which is necessary for the manufacture of the products intended to
be manufactured but that it will be for [M+H] to establish, in respect of any
such information, that it is not free to disclose it to [Dongwoo] without
accounting to others. If [Dongwoo] succeeds in the former and [M+H] does not
lead evidence to establish the latter, it may be open to the Tribunal to draw
adverse inference against [M+H].

(b) _[Dongwoo’s] application for order for further and better compliance by
[M+H] with the Ruling of 10 May 2006_

14 I cannot, without deciding the substantive issues in this case, decide
whether particular documents or categories of document which have not been
disclosed should have been disclosed.

15 For similar reasons to those stated in paragraph 13 of this Ruling, I
consider that it will be open to [Dongwoo] to ask the Tribunal to draw an
adverse inference against [M+H] should [Dongwoo] satisfy the Tribunal that
[M+H] has failed to produce documents which it should have produced.

36 It is important to note that the tribunal dismissed the request from M+H to
modify the 1st Ruling and also refused Dongwoo’s application for an order for
further and better compliance with the 1st Ruling. In essence, the 1st Ruling
remained unchanged. Further, the tribunal did not say that it would draw an
adverse inference against M+H merely on proof of non-production of the
documents ordered to be furnished to Dongwoo pursuant to the 1st Ruling. The
tribunal specifically set out two conditions, which must both be satisfied
before it was open to the tribunal to draw an adverse inference against M+H
for the non-production. They were as follows:

(a) Dongwoo must first establish that the CCV oil separator information was
indeed necessary for the manufacture of the Products that were intended by
Dongwoo to be manufactured; and

(b) M+H did not lead evidence to establish that it was not free to disclose
the CCV oil separator information to Dongwoo without accounting to others.

37 Following the 2nd Ruling, a copy of the confidentiality provisions of the
OEM contract was provided on 8 June 2006 to BKL (redacted only to remove the
OEM customer’s name and identifying information).

The S-Engine Oil Filter Project

38 The S-Engine Oil Filter Project was a key motivation behind the conclusion
of the TATLA between Ley and M+H, and one of the collaboration efforts between
Dongwoo and M+H.

39 From April to May 2004, one of Dongwoo’s engineers, Mr Hyun (“Hyun”),
received from M+H know-how training and design drawings (“Initial Design”) for
the drain valve system (which also included the drain valve rubber, which was
essentially the small rubber component within the oil filter that was supposed
to prevent the oil from leaking) inside the S-Engine oil filter.

40 In June 2004, Hyun finalised the design for the drain valve system based on
the Initial Design and this was later passed on to Dongwoo’s customer for
testing.

41 In February 2005, oil leaks were detected in the oil filter and this was
reported back to M+H. In order to assure its customer that the design was
indeed a verified design already in use by M+H, Dongwoo requested M+H to
verify the parts and provide such confirmation.

42 In April 2005, one of M+H’s employees, Mr Wolfgang Cedzich (“Cedzich”),
visited Dongwoo’s offices to provide comments on the S-Engine oil filter
problems and gave a presentation on what was believed to be the cause of such
problems. M+H further confirmed that the model was currently in mass
production.

43 For several months, Dongwoo wrote to M+H asking for further technical
information, in particular, updated drawings of the S-Engine oil filter in
order to solve the oil leak problems.

44 It was only in late June 2005 that M+H provided Dongwoo with the updated
drawings of the affected components.

45 The question arising in the arbitration was whether by the above, M+H had
breached its obligations under the TATLA in relation to the S-Engine Oil
Filter Project. Essentially, Dongwoo’s argument on this was that M+H had
breached its obligations under Article 3.1 of the TATLA by failing to provide
updates, modifications and relevant technical documents until it was too late
to be of any use.

46 In particular, Dongwoo alleged that M+H had intentionally delayed giving
Dongwoo the full detailed design of the updated drain valve. M+H only provided
the updated drawings some months after the initial request, at which time
Dongwoo’s relationship with its customers was already severely impaired due to
Dongwoo’s inability to respond with a solution to the oil leak.

47 The tribunal found against Dongwoo on this issue in that Dongwoo failed to
establish that M+H had breached its obligations under the TATLA in relation to
the S-Engine oil filter design. The primary reason for this finding was
Dongwoo’s failure to establish that the Initial Design was defective and that
the defects were the cause of the oil leak. The tribunal went on to say that
if Dongwoo was able to prove that the Initial Design was defective, the
tribunal would have found that M+H was in breach of its obligations to Dongwoo
under the TATLA because of the length of time that elapsed before M+H made
available to Dongwoo the updated designs.

The award

48 The arbitration hearing took place from 11 to 15 September 2006 in
Singapore.

49 On 13 February 2007, the tribunal issued the award as follows:

(a) M+H was entitled to a declaration that Dongwoo’s purported termination of
the TATLA on 27 October 2005 was invalid;

(b) Dongwoo was to pay M+H the sum of US$1,358,173.58 being its legal and
other costs of the arbitration;

(c) Dongwoo was to pay the costs of the arbitration in the amount of
S$484,554.30;

(d) M+H was to pay Dongwoo the sum of Korean Won 166,666,667 as damages for
M+H’s non-material breaches of contract together with interest thereon at 8%
from the date of filing of Dongwoo’s Response to the Notice of Arbitration up
to the date of the award; and

(e) save and except as provided by sub-paragraph (d) above, Dongwoo’s
counterclaim was dismissed.

50 The tribunal was, _inter alia_ , of the following opinion on the different
issues:

(a) CCV oil separator

(i) If M+H’s argument that the CCV oil separator information was confidential
to third parties was made out, then its non-provision of such information
requested by Dongwoo would be justified. If it was not made out, then the non-
provision of the information would have constituted a breach of M+H’s
obligations to Dongwoo under Article 3.1 of the TATLA (see [119] of the
award). The tribunal at [80] had interpreted Article 1.6 of the TATLA to cover
technical information which was confidential or proprietary information only
with regard to M+H (but not those with regard to third parties), and which M+H
was to provide to Dongwoo.

(ii) Although M+H’s evidence on the confidentiality of the CCV oil separator
documents was not specific, however M+H had sufficiently established **_on the
evidence as a whole_** (see [121]-[123] of the award for the tribunal’s basis
for this finding) that they were bound by confidentiality. There was therefore
no basis for the drawing of an adverse inference because of M+H’s failure to
produce the documents sought. Accordingly, the tribunal dismissed Dongwoo’s
claim that M+H was in breach of its obligations to Dongwoo in relation to the
CCV oil separators (see [124]-[125] of the award).

(iii) Further, **_even if the tribunal found against M+H on the
confidentiality point_** , it would still have dismissed Dongwoo’s claim as
the tribunal accepted what Mr Thomas Schleiden (for Development
Responsibilities CCV systems in M+H) had stated in his reply dated 16 June
2005 in response to the request of Mr Oh (of Dongwoo) dated 13 June 2005 for
the process control plan, test data and drawing, 5 samples, D-FMEA and
benchmarking data with other competitors concerning the specific single
cyclone CCV oil separator of part number 39 310 70 900. Mr Schleden said that
“** _The part 39 310 70 900 is a very old one and I do not have the
information you are asking for. In order to get 5 samples please order them –
I am not the right person for this issue._** ” The tribunal opined that (at
[191] of the award):

… It is difficult to see how M+H could have provided more information on this
subject. Obviously, this matter was not further pursued by the parties’
engineers. In any event, in view of the Tribunal’s decision on the
confidentiality issue (see paragraphs 118-125 of this Award), there was no
obligation on M+H to provide more information.

(b) S-Engine oil filter

(i) Dongwoo had failed to establish on a balance of probabilities that the
design of the S-Engine oil filter originally provided to it by M+H was
defective and that the defects were the cause of the leakage problems
subsequently faced by Dongwoo because of: (1) the existence of the alternative
explanation for the leakage put forward in the contemporary documents; and (2)
the absence of independent technical evidence as to the likely cause or causes
of the leakage (see [137] of the award).

(ii) Dongwoo failed to establish that the design was changed because it was
defective as the changes might merely have been improvements of an already
effective design (see [138] of the award).

(iii) However, had the tribunal been satisfied that the original design was
defective, the tribunal would have found that M+H was in breach of its
obligations to Dongwoo under the TATLA because of the length of time that
elapsed before it made available to Dongwoo the revised design (see [139] of
the award).

(c) Termination notice of 27 October 2005 was not valid in any event

(i) The tribunal found that even under the (incorrect) assumption that M+H had
materially breached the TATLA, Dongwoo’s termination of the TATLA would still
be unlawful because its termination notice dated 27 October 2005 was not valid
as M+H had confirmed on 23 September 2005 that it would make future
information transfer more efficiently and secure in terms of punctuality and
completeness, and confirmed their utmost best efforts to continue to provide
the best possible support to Dongwoo. On the evidence, M+H had made all
efforts to remedy any possible breaches (see [215] of the award).

(ii) As Dongwoo and its main shareholders did not address pending problems of
the TATLA at the board meeting, the tribunal opined that Dongwoo did not
regard the alleged breaches to be a material breach of the TATLA requiring
urgent rectification, or that Dongwoo’s representatives had acted in bad faith
in giving the impression to M+H that the alleged breaches were not matters
which could lead to termination if not attended to (see [220] of the award).

(iii) The termination of the TATLA for cause on 27 October 2005, _ie_ , just
two months before the TATLA expired would require an extremely severe breach
of law or contract which would make it unacceptable for Dongwoo to continue
the contractual relationship for another two months. Dongwoo neither
substantiated nor gave proof that such an extreme situation existed on the day
of termination (see [224] of the award).

(iv) The tribunal was of the clear view that Dongwoo should have accepted
M+H’s efforts “to deliver meaningful and valuable technical information” and
continue the contractual relationship for another two months. Also due to this
reason, the termination of the TATLA was void (see [226] of the award).

(d) Assessment of damages for non-material breaches due to negligence

(i) Although M+H’s underperformance did not reach the level of a “material
breach”, M+H’s acts and failures to act on Dongwoo’s complaints on the porous
ducts, HC Trap and air cleaners (_but excluding those concerning the CCV oil
separator, S-Engine oil filter, oil filters and inadequate technical training
where the tribunal found that Dongwoo failed to establish that there was a
breach of the TATLA_) must be characterized as “negligent”, which would
trigger damage claims by Dongwoo (see [232] of the award).

(ii) As Dongwoo had sufficiently substantiated the non-contractual performance
of the TATLA by M+H for part of the year 2005 and proved that it suffered
losses exceeding the contractual limitation of 60% of the total of the running
royalties under Article 8.3 of the TATLA, and after assessing the contributory
culpability, the tribunal evaluated the damage claim as 50% of the pro-rated
royalties paid by Dongwoo for the year 2005, which was determined in the
amount of Korean Won 166,666,667 (see [239] of the award).

Parties’ submissions on setting aside the award

51 In relation to the CCV oil separator, Dongwoo alleged that the tribunal, in
arriving at its decision:

(a) had examined various documents which were not extended to Dongwoo at any
time in the proceedings, thereby depriving Dongwoo an opportunity to fully
present its case on the documents, which it never had sight of;

(b) had failed to direct that M+H extend copies of such documents to Dongwoo;

(c) had thereby breached the principles of natural justice by not giving
Dongwoo a fair opportunity to be heard; and

(d) had made an award which was in conflict with public policy by allowing M+H
to “flagrantly flout” the tribunal’s directions in relation to discovery, and
by not drawing an adverse inference against M+H’s refusal to furnish the
documents as directed.

52 In relation to the S-Engine Oil Filter Project, Dongwoo alleged that they
were precluded from fully presenting its case because the tribunal had based
its decision on an issue which it had not indicated was central to the dispute
and which the parties had not fully submitted on. This, Dongwoo further
alleged, also amounted to a breach of natural justice.

Unable to present its case

53 Pursuant to Article 34(2)(a)(ii) of the Model Law, the issues before the
court were:

(a) first, whether the disclosure of the design standard drawings to the
tribunal and not to Dongwoo resulted in Dongwoo being unable to present its
case with regard to the CCV oil separators; and

(b) second, with regard to the issue of the S-Engine Oil Filter Project,
whether the tribunal had based its decision on an issue that had not been the
focus of either party’s submissions and/or evidence, thereby rendering Dongwoo
unable to present its case.

54 Article 34(2)(a)(ii) of the Model law states:

_Article 34. Application for setting aside as exclusive recourse against
arbitral award_

…

(2) _An arbitral award may be set aside_ by the court specified in Article 6
_only if:_

(a) the party making the application furnishes proof that:

…

(ii) _the party_ making the application was not given proper notice of the
appointment of an arbitrator or of the arbitral proceedings or _was otherwise
unable to present his case;_

_[_ emphasis added]

55 Whether a party was or was not able to present its case at the arbitration
is very much a question of fact and degree, and it necessarily focuses on the
overall conduct of the proceedings with particular attention paid to the
conduct of the tribunal and the parties themselves. However, a tribunal’s
ruling in accordance with the rules of the arbitration on discovery or
admissibility of evidence after hearing the parties, which necessarily
disadvantages one party, cannot, without more, be regarded as evidence which
shows that the party was therefore unable to present its case.

**_The CCV oil separators_**

56 It is not disputed that the design standard drawings of the CCV oil
separator (seen earlier by the tribunal but not by Dongwoo) were not produced
in contravention of the order to produce them.

57 Dongwoo alleged that both M+H’s and the tribunal’s failure to extend a copy
of the design standard drawings of the CCV oil separator to Dongwoo resulted
in Dongwoo having to change the manner in which its case was run (for
instance, by seeking other resources such as technical expert reports).
Dongwoo also argued that it was not able to assess whether the design standard
drawings were indeed confidential to third parties and this in turn caused a
“real risk” that the tribunal considered and was influenced by the drawings in
arriving at their decision on the CCV oil separator. Dongwoo contended that
the tribunal must have considered the drawings because it had stated that even
if the confidentiality point was to be decided against M+H, M+H could not have
provided more information. Dongwoo argued that being unable to submit on
whether the design standard drawings were the correct documents, or whether
they were correctly construed, ultimately resulted in it not being able to
fully and properly present its case on whether the design standard drawings
fell within the ambit of Technical Information which M+H was obliged to
provide under the TATLA.

58 Dongwoo contended that M+H, by not extending the design drawings to
Dongwoo, breached Article 24(3) of the Model Law which resulted in procedural
injustice. Article 24(3) states:

_Article 24. Hearings and written proceedings_

…

(3) All statements, documents or other information supplied to the arbitral
tribunal by one party shall be communicated to the other party. Also any
expert report or evidentiary document on which the arbitral tribunal may rely
in making its decision shall be communicated to the parties.

59 Dongwoo also contended that M+H had breached r 22.7 of the SIAC Rules which
is worded exactly the same as Article 24(3) of the Model Law.

60 M+H on the other hand argued that the burden of proof lay with Dongwoo to
prove that there was a “real risk” that the tribunal considered and/or was
influenced by design standard drawings and, more importantly, that it was
unable to present its case. They argued that this assertion of a “real risk”
was unsubstantiated and that Dongwoo did not need to rely on the design
standard drawings (withheld by M+H from discovery contrary to the tribunal’s
order) to present its case. According to M+H, the design standard drawings of
the CCV oil separator in question were actually all on a single page.

61 M+H submitted that under Article 19(2) of the Model Law, the tribunal was
at liberty to conduct the hearing in whatever manner it deemed fit, so long as
all parties were treated equally and each party was given an opportunity of
presenting its case. M+H further submitted that the tribunal had the
discretion to do all things to ensure the just, expeditious, economical and
final determination of the dispute and, in doing so, had not compromised on
the fundamental principle that each party must be treated with equality and be
given a full opportunity to present its case, as enshrined in Article 18 of
the Model Law. Articles 18 and 19 state:

_Article 18. Equal treatment of parties_

The parties shall be treated with equality and each party shall be given a
full opportunity of presenting his case.

_Article 19. Determination of rules of procedure_

(1)**** Subject to the provisions of this Law, the parties are free to agree
on the procedure to be followed by the arbitral tribunal in conducting the
proceedings.

(2)**** Failing such agreement, the arbitral tribunal may, subject to the
provisions of this Law, conduct the arbitration in such manner as it considers
appropriate. The power conferred upon the arbitral tribunal includes the power
to determine the admissibility, relevance, materiality and weight of any
evidence.

62 M+H also cited the following passage extracted from Howard M Holtzmann and
Joseph E Neuhaus, _A Guide to The UNICITRAL Model Law on International
Commercial Arbitration: Legislative History and Commentary_ (Kluwer Law and
Taxation Publishers, 1989) on the relationship between Articles 18 and 19 of
the Model Law (at p 564):

The UNICITRAL Secretariat observed that Article 19, along with Article 18, was
the “Magna Carta of Arbitral Procedure” and … these Articles might be regarded
as “the most important provision[s] of the model law”. Article 19 establishes
the principle of the autonomy of the parties and the arbitrators in governing
the procedural conduct of the arbitration. The autonomy principle is critical
to an effective system of commercial arbitration for international cases
because in such cases there is a special need to be free of unfamiliar local
standards. Moreover, this principle is at the heart of modern systems of
arbitration; it expresses a profound confidence in the ability of parties and
arbitrators to conduct the arbitration in a fair and orderly manner so as to
arrive at a just resolution of a dispute. At the same time, however, Article
18 places fundamental restrictions on this principle.

63 In my judgment, the real issue is whether Dongwoo was in fact not able to
present its case with regard to the CCV oil separator after M+H had refused to
comply with the 1st Ruling of the tribunal to make specific discovery of the
design standard drawings at the arbitration.

64 It is important to distinguish between the discovery stage of the arbitral
proceedings and the next stage of the arbitration, which is the main hearing
of the arbitration itself. At the discovery stage, the application by M+H to
the tribunal to modify the order of discovery to exclude from discovery the
design standard drawings of the CCV oil separator because of the alleged
confidentiality agreement that M+H had with a third party, was in fact turned
down. The tribunal decided in favour of Dongwoo at that stage. Therefore, in
my judgment, it is irrelevant and immaterial whether or not Dongwoo was unable
to argue its case **_at the discovery stage_** because it had obtained an
interlocutory decision **_in its favour_**. I would say that Dongwoo did very
well for itself when it succeeded in opposing M+H’s application to modify the
1st Ruling, whilst it was being “prevented” or “severely hampered” from
arguing the case at that stage. Even if there was a breach of natural justice
and a breach of r 22.7 of the SIAC Rules and Article 24(3) of the Model Law
when the tribunal was deciding on the question whether or not it should modify
the 1st Ruling at the request of M+H, that violation (which Dongwoo
characterised as a violation of a fundamental procedural right, namely the
principle of hearing both sides) did not result in any prejudice or injustice
to Dongwoo as the 2nd Ruling that eventually resulted was entirely in favour
of Dongwoo.

65 Since the 1st Ruling remained unmodified, M+H was therefore required to
produce the design standard drawings for the CCV oil separator for the main
arbitration hearing, subject to certain confidential undertakings from Dongwoo
as ordered by the tribunal. If it failed to do so, M+H risked having an
adverse inference being drawn against it by the tribunal and the tribunal had
stated clearly that it would allow the parties to submit on the question
whether an adverse inference ought to be drawn against M+H. Since M+H did not
produce the drawings, the only question that was in issue at the arbitral
hearing proper, as far as this was concerned, was whether or not in all the
circumstances of the case and based on the evidence as a whole, an adverse
inference ought to be drawn against M+H for its refusal to produce the
drawings.

66 On this, the first question that I have to examine is whether there was any
evidence to show that Dongwoo was unable to present its arguments on this
issue, _ie_ , whether an adverse inference ought to be drawn. Obviously, in
such cases, where a question of adverse inference arises for determination by
the tribunal, one party must have failed to disclose the documents to the
other party. But a failure to produce, _per se_ , does not automatically lead
to a circumstance of setting aside under Article 34(2)(a)(ii) of the Model law
by reason of the party being unable to present its case. The inability of a
party to present its case in this context must be Dongwoo’s inability to
present its position on the issue or question on whether an adverse inference
ought to be drawn, and not the mere fact of the failure to produce (for
whatever reason).

67 I scrutinised the record of the arbitration hearing, the Post-Hearing
Briefs and the conduct of the tribunal with respect to this issue in order to
decide whether or not Dongwoo was given a fair opportunity to state its case
on why an adverse inference ought to be drawn against M+H for its refusal to
produce the documents in question.

68 Based on Dongwoo’s Post-Hearing Brief at paras 4-7, and paras 87-109, I
could see that Dongwoo had ample opportunity to present its case fully on the
issue whether or not an adverse inference should be drawn. Dongwoo’s arguments
ran into 6 pages. It submitted very detailed reasons and presented cogent
arguments why an adverse inference must be drawn, which I have summarised
below as follows:

(a) The documents withheld were fundamental to Dongwoo’s case. The documents
were highly probative, even determinative, regarding the fundamental defence
of M+H in this dispute, including whether M+H breached the TATLA, thus
justifying Dongwoo’s termination and claim for damages.

(b) As Dongwoo had furnished the confidentiality undertaking, M+H had
committed a very serious and inexcusable breach of procedure and of due
process since it denied Dongwoo the ability to support its own claims where it
had the burden of proof and to challenge M+H’s defences to its culpability.

(c) The refusal to produce in the face of the tribunal’s order to produce
amounted to a contempt of the tribunal and of justice itself.

(d) Dongwoo failed to provide evidence to support M+H’s alleged defence that
the documents were proprietary or confidential information, which fell outside
the scope of the TATLA as Article 1.6 had excluded documents which M+H was not
“free to disclose without accounting to others.”

(e) Therefore, an adverse inference ought to be drawn that the documents were
not confidential, that M+H was obliged to provide them under the TATLA, and
their failure supported Dongwoo’s claim for damages for the breach of the
TATLA by M+H.

(f) In any event, this “defence” to non-production failed and M+H had told a
“little white lie”, which of itself was a significant breach of the TATLA.

(g) Of the 5 categories requested, Cedzich testified that at least 3
categories - (1) process control plans; (2) test data and drawings and (3)
D-FMEA in relation to the CCV oil separator - could not be produced because
they were confidential information of an M+H customer.

(h) The reacted copy of the product development agreement for the CCV oil
separator contained a confidentiality section which described two categories
of confidential information: “Supplier’s Confidential Information” and
“Buyer’s Confidential Information”. Surprisingly, under the definition of
“Supplier’s Confidential Information”, the control plans, D-FMEA and test data
and drawings requested by Dongwoo were categorized as M+H’s own confidential
materials, which the buyer was obliged to keep confidential, rather than the
other way around as M+H claimed. Even more surprisingly, M+H flatly and
unashamedly asserted the opposite to the chairman of the tribunal.

(i) On the other hand, the definition of “Buyer’s Confidential Information”
did not mention any of the categories of documents sought by Dongwoo in stark
contrast to the “Supplier’s Confidential Information” which expressly included
them.

(j) M+H (which had the burden of proof) had not put any evidence to
demonstrate that the information not disclosed was non-public and proprietary
to the buyer (the first prerequisite for the information to be classified as
“Buyer Confidential Information”). In fact, by the very terms of the
agreement, the documents were defined as proprietary to the supplier, M+H, not
the reverse. Hence the first prerequisite was not met.

(k) The second prerequisite (see [72]) was also not met since no evidence was
produced to show that any of the requested documents were (1) volume
projections; (2) related to the buyer’s future products; or (3) identified by
the buyer as confidential.

(l) Cedzich attempted to explain how the requested documents fell under the
“Buyer’s Confidential Information” by stating: “ _Control plans, design
drawings, test data, FMEA (D-FMEA and P-FMEA) and other technical information
created using the Intellectual Property Rights of the Buyer was non-public and
proprietary to the Buyer, and was inherently confidential_ ”. In any event,
the pertinent question was whether the agreement prevented M+H from disclosing
these documents to Dongwoo and, as explained, the confidentiality section
itself did not do so.

(m) Cedzich’s assertion that the paragraph on the “Supplier’s Confidential
Information” was meant to indicate confidential information of both the
supplier and the buyer was indefensible and unsupportable.

(n) Section 15.01 on “Buyer’s Intellectual Property Rights” (see [72]
concerned documents and information of recognized types of intellectual
property “provided to the Supplier” by the buyer. M+H provided no supportive
evidence to show that the subject documents met this requirement. On their
face, they did not, since they were documents created by M+H.

(o) The most that M+H could say was that the CCV oil separator “ _was designed
to specifications provided by a major customer, and therefore contains
proprietary information belonging to such customer_ ”. Naturally,
“specifications” were not intellectual property rights as anticipated by s
15.01. Even if it were the case, M+H offered little more than bald,
unsupported allegations – mere argument – to support it.

(p) M+H’s position ignored the very obvious point that Article 1.6 of the
TATLA only excluded documents under which M+H was under a clear legal
obligation to a third party not to disclose without first obtaining
permission. However, no such exclusion existed where M+H’s claim of
“confidentiality” rested only on its own internal policy or business decision,
even if it was made out of respect for a customer or its business interests.
In the latter case, M+H was still obliged to provide the documents to Dongwoo
under the TATLA.

(q) Accordingly, with nothing but unsupported testimony to contradict the
documents, M+H’s position on the issue of confidentiality had no credibility.
Furthermore, in the light of M+H’s refusal to provide evidence in its
possession contrary to the tribunal’s order, M+H’s argument that it was not
free to produce certain documents **_“without accounting to others_** ” should
be wholly rejected.

69 Having regard to the very extensive arguments put forward by Dongwoo for
the tribunal’s consideration, I could not on any account see on the facts as
disclosed in the documents before me, in what way Dongwoo was denied an
opportunity to argue its position that an adverse inference ought to be drawn
against M+H.

70 If after hearing full arguments from both parties, the tribunal decided
wrongly that it was not appropriate to draw any adverse inference, it would
then be a mere error of fact finding and/or of law, which cannot be a ground
for setting aside the award. An error of fact or law made by the tribunal does
not come within the ground for setting aside under Article 34(2)(a)(ii) of the
Model Law. Just because the tribunal had ruled against Dongwoo on that
question did not mean that the losing side (_ie_ , Dongwoo) was thus unable to
present its case on this issue. If losing on an issue would ordinarily mean
that the party concerned was not able to present its case on that issue, then
it would be a remarkable distortion of logic. It would also follow that in all
arbitration cases, where one side must necessarily lose, a situation would be
invariably created for setting aside because the losing party must have been
unable to present its case and hence, it lost for that reason. That cannot be
right.

71 Second, the inability to present the case cannot be attributed to the mere
fact of non-production in contravention of a disclosure ruling, which
contravention was the very reason why the question of adverse inference arose.
If there were no contravention, the question of whether an adverse inference
ought to be drawn for non-disclosure could not even have arisen in the first
place.

72 Hence, once the adverse inference question has arisen, and after the
tribunal has given both sides an opportunity to submit fully on it, there can
be no question that any party is denied an opportunity to present its case on
that question. The tribunal is thereafter entitled, after taking account of
the submissions of both parties, to decide on the issue whether as a matter of
fact, law or mixed fact and law. In my judgment, the tribunal in the present
case had given both parties the full opportunity to present their cases on the
issue on whether or not an adverse inference should be drawn, and the tribunal
had accordingly decided the issue as follows:

“121 The grounds of M+H’s claim that these documents were confidential and
unable to be released to Dongwoo without accounting to third parties were
explained in Mr Cedzich’s witness statement (AB/II/Tab 2, paragraphs 22-26).
At paragraph 22 he said:

... the documents requested by Dongwoo are subject to a confidentiality
agreement with the OEM customer for whom this part was designed to the
customer’s specifications. In fact, there is no standard CCV oil separator, so
each model must be designed to a particular OEM customer’s specifications. The
currently effective contract with this particular OEM customer (“the OEM
Contract”) expressly states that Man+Hummell (the “Supplier” in the OEM
Contract) must protect the confidential information of the OEM customer (“the
Buyer”). A copy of the OEM Contract (with the OEM customer’s name and
identifying information redacted) is attached hereto at Tab 26.

122 The OEM Contract is reproduced at AB/III/2/555-588. M+H relies on Articles
15.01 and 17.01 of the Contract (AB/III/2/565 and 567 respectively). These
articles read as follows:

15.01 _Buyer’s Intellectual Property Rights_. The Buyer and its Related
Companies may have valuable Intellectual Property Rights in Tooling, documents
and information provided to the Supplier. Intellectual Property Rights include
trademarks, trade dress, patents, copyrights, trade secrets and industrial
design rights. The Supplier may use the Intellectual Property Rights of the
Buyer and its Related Companies only in the production and supply of the Goods
to the Buyer and its Related Companies.

17.01 _Confidential Information_. Confidential Information is information that
meets the requirements specified below for Supplier Confidential Information
or Buyer Confidential Information. Information that does not meet these
requirements is not Confidential Information, regardless of any legend or
marking to the contrary. A reference in this Section 17 to Confidential
Information of the Other Party is a reference to Supplier Confidential
Information when the reference relates to an obligation of the Buyer, or to
Buyer Confidential Information when the reference relates to an obligation of
the Supplier

...

(b) Buyer Confidential Information is any information that meets all of the
following requirements, regardless of whether it has been disclosed under the
Purchase Order:

i. The information is non-public information that is proprietary to: (A) the
Buyer; (b) any of its Related Companies; or (C) any third party to which any
of them has an obligation of confidentiality relating to the information.

ii. The information is:

(A) a Volume Projection, as defined in Section 7.01 or is provided under a
Team Value Management Initiative, as described in Section 18.01;

(B) the Buyer’s or any of its Related Companies’ future product plans or any
details of those plans; or

(C) any other information identified by the Buyer or any of its Related
Companies (orally or in writing) as confidential.

123 While M+H did not attempt to demonstrate, by reference to each specific
provision in these articles, that the information that it did not provide
Dongwoo with was Buyer Confidential Information in terms of Article 17.01 of
the OEM Contract, it maintained its claim to confidentiality throughout the
arbitration. In addition:

a. Mr Choi of Dongwoo admitted in cross-examination that the information that
he requested on 21 October 2005 at one of the meetings between the parties
which followed Dongwoo’s letter of 14 September 2005 (including FMEA reports
for CCV oil separators) was in regard to specific customer-type oriented
products and was propriety technology (see the passages from his evidence
quoted in paragraphs 89 and 90 of M+H’s Post-Hearing Brief);

b. Mr Scheuermann, the independent engineering expert called by Dongwoo, was
asked the following question and gave the following answer in cross-
examination (TOH, 13/9/06, 31/9-16):

MR HUGHES: Mr Scheuermann, are you aware that there is no standard CCV oil
separator and that each one must be designed for an OEM customer based on
specifications provided by the customer?

A That is very well possible that special designs are required for every
engine because specific engines would require filters due to different flow
speed and other parameters.

c. Mr Scheuermann confirmed, in continued cross-examination (TOH, 13/9/06,
31/24-32/7), the statement in paragraph 34 of his witness statement (AB/II/Tab
9) that:

... tailor-made filter designs for customers that are developed by a company
such a Mann+Hummel for or together with filter or automative manufacturers ...
and are paid for by the latter are normally subject to confidentiality
agreements.

124 The Tribunal considers that, although M+H’s evidence on the
confidentiality issue in relation to the CCV oil separator was not specific,
on the evidence as a whole, the claim by M+H to be bound by confidentiality in
that instance has been sufficiently established. (There is therefore no basis
for the drawing of an adverse inference because of M+H’s failure to produce
the documents sought in Dongwoo’s email of 13 June 2005 (see paragraph 116 of
this Award.) The drawing of such an inference had been sought by Dongwoo in
one of the prehearing applications referred to in paragraph 26 of this Award.
The Tribunal declined to draw an adverse inference in advance of the hearing.
Dongwoo has done so. As just stated, the Tribunal finds that there is no basis
for such an adverse finding.)

125 It follows that the Tribunal dismisses Dongwoo’s claim that M+H was in
breach of its obligations to Dongwoo in relation to the CCV oil separators.
(Even had the Tribunal found against M+H on the confidentiality point, it
would have dismissed Dongwoo’s claim, for the reasons given in paragraphs
190-191 of this Award.)

_Whether the tribunal took into account of what M+H disclosed to it but not to
Dongwoo_

73 The remaining issue is whether the tribunal did, in deciding the adverse
inference question at the arbitral hearing itself, take into account what had
been disclosed to it by M+H during the discovery stage of the proceedings, but
which was not disclosed to Dongwoo. Here, Dongwoo simply assumed conveniently
that the tribunal had done so (or appeared to have done so), and then it set
up a whole series of arguments based on that assumption to justify its
application in this action to set aside the award.

74 That assumption is all too easy to allege and construct for argument’s
sake, but it behoved Dongwoo to show that the assumption had rested on some
firm evidential basis, and it should not be based on suspicions, surmise or
speculation. It is all too easy to cast aspersions that the tribunal must have
wrongly taken into account what it had seen (which was not disclosed to the
other party), and then it must have decided the question of adverse inference
on that basis. It is all too easy to allege a suspicion that the tribunal had
in fact been influenced by what it had seen. It is all too easy to ignore the
**_other_** evidence cited by the tribunal in its award to justify the
decision it had made on this issue. The burden rested on Dongwoo to produce
some strong and unambiguous evidence of the matters complained of. In my
judgment, this burden was not discharged.

75 I studied carefully the above detailed reasoning of the tribunal (which I
have set out in full above at [72]) for its decision not to draw any adverse
inference against M+H for not complying with the discovery order to produce
the design standard drawings of the CCV oil separator for the main arbitral
hearing itself. No where in the award did the tribunal refer to or make use of
any information disclosed in these design standard drawings in arriving at its
decision not to draw any adverse inference. I could not find any evidence that
the tribunal had indeed relied on what it saw on these design standard
drawings when deciding the question of adverse inference. On balance, the
absence of any reference in the arbitral award to any data or information
obtained from the design standard drawings points more to the fact that the
tribunal had disregarded what it might have seen earlier (_ie_ , at the
interlocutory stage from the design standard drawings) when it was deciding
the question of adverse inference at the main arbitral hearing itself, than to
the fact that the tribunal had secretly made use of data or information found
on the design standard drawings to decide the question of adverse inference. I
am not minded to give any credence to any aspersions that the tribunal might
have deliberately kept silent or hidden that fact by not stating it in the
award, _ie_ , that it had indeed made use of information obtained earlier from
the design standard drawings of the CCV oil separator for not drawing an
adverse inference at the main hearing on account of the non-production of
these design standard drawings. If the tribunal for instance had said that the
design standard drawings had “CONFIDENTIAL” stamped on it and that was another
reason why it was not drawing an adverse inference, then Dongwoo would have
some basis to complain that it was unable to present its case on this issue.
Nothing of that sort could be found in the tribunal’s conduct as would be
apparent from the award.

76 From a careful perusal of the award, what was clearly apparent to me from
the record was that the tribunal had rightly relied on “** _other_** evidence”
(which was also available to Dongwoo and which would also include the evidence
of a continued deliberate non-production of the design standard drawings of
the CCV oil separator in M+H’s possession despite Dongwoo having given a
confidentiality undertaking to M+H, whose act of non-production was therefore
in contravention of the 1st Ruling), in deciding that no adverse inference was
to be drawn. The tribunal in my view was entitled to find on these “**
_other_** evidence” before it that M+H was bound by confidentiality, _ie_ ,
the documents were confidential and for which M+H had to account to third
parties. That question of fact was eminently for the tribunal to decide and
the tribunal did decide. At this stage of the hearing by the tribunal, I did
not think that there was any breach of natural justice, or that Dongwoo was
unable to present its case on the effect of the non-disclosure by M+H of the
design standard drawings for the CCV oil separator based on such “** _other_**
evidence.”

77 Even if the tribunal made a wrong finding of fact in reliance on these “**
_other_** evidence” that the documents were confidential and had to be
accounted to third parties when they ought not to be, then that _bona fide_
error of determination by the tribunal (whether of fact or law) is
insufficient to constitute a valid ground (whether of public policy or
otherwise) upon which to set aside the award.

78 For the purpose of analysis, it would be useful to consider a slightly
different case, where the tribunal was never in fact given the design standard
drawings of the CCV oil separator, and the tribunal’s order for production of
the drawings was not complied with by M+H. Accordingly, the tribunal would
still have to decide based on the “** _other_** evidence” available to it
(including the evidence of deliberate non-compliance with its order) to decide
on the question whether or not it would be proper to draw an adverse inference
for the non-production. In this hypothetical case, the tribunal’s evaluation
would obviously be without any benefit of the design standard drawings.
Neither would the other party (_ie_ , Dongwoo) have sight of the design
standard drawings to make its submission on the drawing of an adverse
inference. Under these circumstances, I do not believe that the party from
whom the drawings were withheld (_ie_ , Dongwoo) could have successfully
contended that the award should be set aside on the ground of a breach of
natural justice or an inability or hindrance in the presentation of its case,
were the tribunal to make a finding based on the “** _other_** evidence”
available to it that no adverse inference should be drawn. Whether the
tribunal had erred in its assessment of the “** _other_** evidence” when it
decided not to draw an adverse inference would be a totally different point.
It is no longer a due process point but a fact finding point.

79 It appears to me that the real unhappiness of Dongwoo stemmed from its own
perception of some ‘cross-infection’ of knowledge obtained by the tribunal at
the earlier discovery stage, being allegedly applied to decide the later issue
of whether or not drawing an adverse inference was appropriate on the facts of
this case at the later arbitration stage, on which I have found no reliable
evidence to persuade me to conclude that such ‘cross-infection’ had happened
and that such ‘cross-knowledge’ was in fact applied to decide the later issue.

80 Dongwoo relied, _inter alia_ , on the tribunal’s statement that even if the
confidentiality point were to be decided against M+H, M+H could not have
provided more information to argue that this **_must have meant that the
tribunal had indeed considered the non-disclosed documents._** In my view,
this is not a fair submission by Dongwoo on what the tribunal had done,
because the tribunal obviously was relying on Mr Schleiden’s email response,
which clearly stated that the referenced part was a “ _very old one_ ” and
that M+H had no information on this part. It was plainly on the basis of this
contemporaneous email response, and not on the undisclosed documents (_ie_ ,
the design standard drawings of the CCV oil separator sent to the tribunal),
that the tribunal derived its observation that “ _[i]t [was] difficult to see
how M+H could have provided more information on this subject. Obviously, this
matter was not further pursued by the parties’ engineers_ ” (see para 191 of
the award). In my judgment, Dongwoo’s submission on this issue did not have
any merit.

81 Finally, if Dongwoo were relying on a mere perception or suspicion that the
tribunal might have been unknowingly or subconsciously influenced by what it
might have seen earlier on the design standard drawings, which could have
indicated to the tribunal that M+H was accountable to third parties for the
confidential documents, and that was why the tribunal decided (or was
influenced by what it saw) not to draw any adverse influence at the main
hearing itself, I would then only wish to state that Dongwoo would be resting
its case (for setting aside the award) on quick sand. My only comment would be
that it would be a rather imaginative submission and I need say no more on
that.

_Threshold questions for production of documents_

82 In applications for production of documents, an arbitral tribunal often has
to deal with “threshold questions” on whether a particular document is in fact
not relevant or whether it falls outside the relevant parameters for
production or disclosure as alleged. There will be instances where the
“threshold questions” can only be determined by a review of the contents of
the document itself. A party, who may well be prepared to disclose the
document to the tribunal for its review, may not necessarily want to disclose
it to the other party often for reasons of confidentiality. But when the party
seeking production insists on inspecting the document so that it can submit on
the “threshold questions” (and perhaps also reassure itself that the other
party has in fact acted in good faith in opposing the production), then the
procedure to adopt for the determination of the “threshold questions” can be
rather contentious unless the procedure has been pre-agreed or pre-determined
by the parties as early as possible and, preferably, no later than the
commencement of the stage of the arbitration when documents are to be
exchanged and submitted to the tribunal. The tribunal can then apply the
agreed procedure whenever such “threshold questions” arise, irrespective of
the party seeking the discovery or production so that all parties will be
accorded equal treatment. This minimises any possible challenge from any party
on the basis that there has been contravention of Article 18 of the Model Law,
which states, _inter alia_ , that the parties shall be treated with equality.
It may be useful to set out some of the procedures that parties may agree upon
for the tribunal to adopt when resolving such “threshold questions”.

83 One possibility is that described in Article 3(7) of the International Bar
Association Rules on the Taking of Evidence in International Commercial
Arbitration (“the IBA Rules”) which provides for the following procedure where
a review of the document is required:

7 In exceptional circumstances, if the propriety of an objection can only be
determined by review of the document, the Arbitral Tribunal may determine that
it should not review the document. In that event, the Arbitral Tribunal may,
after consultation with the Parties, appoint an independent and impartial
expert, bound to confidentiality, to review any such document and to report on
the objection. To the extent that the objection is upheld by the Arbitral
Tribunal, the expert shall not disclose to the Arbitral Tribunal and to the
other Parties the contents the contents of the document reviewed.

84 Other possible alternatives (or a combination thereof) are:

(a) Sensitive confidential information is redacted and the document is then
produced;

(b) Counsel signs a confidentiality agreement not to disclose to anyone
including his client whatever he has seen during the review of the contents of
the document, unless the other party producing the document consents;

(c) The document is produced only to the tribunal who will decide the
threshold question after inspecting the document, but the other party will not
be given a copy of the document. The tribunal can also consider what special
measures are needed to preserve confidentiality if it orders production after
inspecting the document; and

(d) A neutral third party (not necessarily an expert) bound by confidentiality
is asked to examine the document and report its findings to the tribunal and
the parties.

85 Often, parties have not thought about how these “threshold questions” are
to be dealt with. The matter is usually left open ended. When they come to the
bridge and have to cross it, the matter may then get unnecessarily
contentious, especially where the institutional arbitration rules chosen by
the parties do not set out specific procedures to resolve such “threshold
questions”.

86 If parties have thought about them, they should normally be able to come to
an agreement on the procedure having regard to fairness, efficiency,
expediency, effectiveness and costs, though each party may have its own
preferences, and each party can then persuade the other party to adopt the
procedure that it is comfortable with. In my view, it may well be a good
practice for the tribunal to alert the parties to such procedural issues
before commencing the arbitration so that the parties will address their minds
to it.

87 Under the SIAC Rules, there do not appear to be rules specifically
addressing the procedure for the “threshold questions” when applications for
production or discovery are made. Indeed, the general rule in r 22.7 of the
SIAC Rules (or r 21.6 of the SIAC Rules 2007) and Article 24(3) of the Model
Law are substantively similar to Article 3(1) of the IBA Rules, which also
requires each party to submit to the tribunal and the other parties all
documents available to it on which it relies. While the SIAC Rules and the
Model Law are silent on what procedure should govern disputes as to the
relevance and admissibility of documents, the IBA Rules provide more
comprehensively for the resolution of objections to production of documents.
The general rule in r 22.7 of the SIAC Rules is therefore not inconsistent
with a more nuanced approach in the event of such objections; nor should its
silence be taken to suggest that the general rule for production to the
opposing party is _absolute_. Thus, where the arbitration is conducted under
the SIAC Rules and parties have not pre-agreed on any particular procedure in
advance, the tribunal can, of course, decide for itself, after hearing
submissions from the parties, what procedure it is going to adopt. This is a
matter well within the jurisdiction of the tribunal, which has the power and
the discretion to determine the rules of procedure and to conduct the hearing
in a manner that it considers most appropriate to ensure the fair, expeditous,
economical and just determination of the dispute. In the present case, I am
not minded to interfere with the procedure adopted by the tribunal to deal
with such “threshold questions” nor do I intend to take the fairly draconian
step to set aside the arbitral award on account of the method that the
tribunal has adopted to resolve the “threshold questions.”

**_The S-Engine oil filter_**

88 Dongwoo contended that the tribunal’s decision on liability (_ie_ , that
M+H had not breached its obligation under the TATLA to supply Dongwoo promptly
with updated technical information on the S-Engine oil filter) was based on an
issue which had not been the focus of either party’s submissions or evidence
and on which it had failed to invite the parties to address. That issue was
whether or not the Initial Design of the S-Engine oil filter provided by M+H
was defective, and Dongwoo argued that it was **_not a live issue_** during
the arbitration.

89 According to Dongwoo, the tribunal’s finding that Dongwoo failed to prove
that the S-Engine oil filter was defective and, hence, M+H did not breach its
obligation to supply the relevant technical information (promptly or
otherwise) for the S-Engine Oil Filter Project, was a dramatic departure from
the submissions of the parties, which focused instead on the inordinate delay
in providing updated designs to Dongwoo, **_regardless of whether the Initial
Design was defective or not._** (_It would appear that I was expected to infer
from this that Dongwoo might also be putting forth the further alternative
claim, which Dongwoo did not clearly articulate before me, that even if the
S-Engine oil filter was not defective, M+H was still liable to Dongwoo under
the TATLA._ This point will be dealt with later at [100] to [111].)

90 Accordingly, Dongwoo submitted before me that the tribunal failed to give
Dongwoo a fair opportunity to argue the point that the Initial Design was
defective, which thus resulted in a breach of natural justice and “severe
prejudice” to Dongwoo. I found no merit in this submission for the following
reasons.

91 From the arbitration records, it was clear to me that the failure of and/or
defects in the S-Engine oil filter had been put in issue. The extracts below
showed that at all material times, both parties had disputed liability for the
failure of and/or the defects in the S-Engine oil filter.

92 At paras 23 and 24 of its Response to the Notice of Arbitration dated 13
January 2006, Dongwoo stated the following as part of its counterclaim:

23\. Another example of M+H’s failure to provide adequate and timely technical
assistance is shown in the project involving oil filters. Earlier in 2004,
Dongwoo was participating in the development of oil filters as part of the
“S-Engine project”, led by **_HMC [Hyundai Motors Company]_**. Although
Dongwoo believed that M+H’s technical assistance in this matter should have
been readily provided under the TATLA, M+H insisted on receiving a fee for the
design assistance services involved. Reluctantly, Dongwoo paid 14 Million
Korean Won for M+H’s advice for the design, but **__the advice turned out to
be flawed and inaccurate, leading to oil leakages in the model product, and
causing delays to HMC’s development schedule.__** Obviously, HMC was very
displeased, sending official complaints to Dongwoo, and citing M+H’s sluggish
attitude as an issue of concern.

24\. Naturally, Dongwoo expected M+H to be attentive and proactive about
resolving the **__technical flaw issues__**. However, M+H’s disappointing
conduct during and after the various meetings with Dongwoo and HMC showed that
M+H was not prepared to act in a responsible manner. Because of M+H’s lukewarm
management of the S-engine **__design problems__** , Dongwoo suffered a
serious loss of credibility with HMC. This loss of credibility has directly
resulted in the loss of substantial business opportunities, as HMC has not
selected Dongwoo to participate in any oil filter project bids since then.

[emphasis added]

93 The complaint about the flawed design provided by M+H was made very clear
in Dongwoo’s Statement of Defence and Counterclaim dated 21 April 2006 at the
following paragraphs:

36 …the **__flawed advice__** [M+H] provided to Dongwoo during the S-Engine
project created problems for Dongwoo in maintaining its credibility in
relation to the S-Engine…

55 …In fact, the S-Engine project was one example where Dongwoo had to pay
extra compensation in order to receive assistance (which later turned out to
be **__flawed in any event__**) despite the fact that Dongwoo felt such
assistance should have been included within the basic scope of the TATLA.

79 ….. The S-Engine project … was under a separate arrangement as stipulated
under Article 6 of the TATLA, whereby a Dongwoo engineer was dispatched to the
[M+H’s] premises to develop the S-Engine oil filter in conjunction with [M+H]
engineers. **__The documents__** **__regarding the S-Engine project__** appear
more specific than those of other projects, but bear in mind that this **__was
due to [M+H’s] need to correct its previously faulty advice,__** and these do
not serve to advance [M+H’s] assertion that these documents provide proof of
its fulfilment of its obligations under Article 3.1.

98 Dongwoo, **__trusting that the design had no significant errors,__**
implemented the design to the prototype model supplied to HMC on October 2004.
However, in February 2005, Dongwoo received word from HMC that there were
**__signs of leakage in the drain valve__** proto type models for the oil
filter supplied by Dongwoo.

99 HMC sensed that it was strange that **__[M+H’s] technology__** , which was
expected to be almost infallible, **__could show such shoddiness in terms of
heat durability.__** HMC was particularly puzzled because the design provided
by [M+H] was supposed to have been the same type of design currently applied
to an actual product already being supplied to a couple of [M+H]’s valuable
customers, Audi and Peugeot. Naturally, HMC began suspecting that **__[M+H]
had provided Dongwoo with a design that was inferior to the design in actual
use by [M+H].__**

100 To investigate the validity and reliability of the design provided by
[M+H], HMC demanded that Dongwoo provide it with a sample of the drain valve
in actual production by [M+H] for its customers, and to investigate whether
there were any other **__apparent defects__** in the drain valve and spring of
oil filter design. In turn, Dongwoo requested [M+H] to provide the sample
products on the SOP stage (_i.e_., “start of product” stage) in [M+H].

102\. HMC and Dongwoo met various times to address this problem, and after
reviewing the relevant documents, they came to the conclusion that there was
**__something wrong with the design__** provided by [M+H]…

104 … HMC concluded that the true reason for the **__oil leakage__** problem
was, contrary to [M+H’s] previous assurances, due to the fact that **__the
dimensions and tolerance figures__** provide to Mr. Hyun were never actually
applied by [M+H] and thus **__did not have the reliability that a design in
actual use would have had__** …

106 During this meeting with HMC, Mr. Baumann admitted that the design and
size of the drain valve it provided were dimensions and tolerances that even
[M+H] found **__problematic__** …

107\. [M+H], despite its obligations to provide “improvement and modification”
under Article 3.1 (f) of the TATLA, recklessly failed to do so. Had [M+H]
properly notified Dongwoo that the design it was about to produce to HMC
**__was flawed__** and was discarded even by M+H, Dongwoo would have been able
to avoid the catastrophic fiasco in regards to the oil filters supplied to HMC
in connection with the S-Engine....

108\. Because of the **__shoddy advice__** provided by [M+H] from the start,
and its severely delayed technical assistance that followed (such as the
belated provision of the proper drawings of the drain valve and spring), not
only was the development of the oil filter delayed but also the overall
development of entire S-Engine project was set back.

130\. ... It was also improper for [M+H] to have **__recklessly given
seriously defective design materials to Dongwoo, as it did during the S-Engine
project,__** causing Dongwoo to produce and supply defective products, and
sustain losses due to such defective products…

[emphasis added]

94 The above constituted in my view indisputably clear evidence that Dongwoo
put into the forefront of its case why the design provided by M+H was flawed
or defective. Ultimately, it failed to prove that the design was defective
before the tribunal. It would be extraordinary for Dongwoo now to submit that
it was unaware that the issue (whether or not the design was defective) was a
live issue, especially given that Dongwoo itself had thrust that issue into
the forefront of its case on the S-Engine oil filter before the tribunal for
its consideration.

95 Seeing how Dongwoo had approached and stated its case, I found that the
tribunal had correctly characterised Dongwoo’s complaint of the breach as one
where M+H had initially provided a **_defective_** design of the oil filter,
**_and then_** , it failed to **_provide the correct design promptly to
_remedy_ the defects_** in the original design when the defects were drawn to
its attention (see [132] of the award).

96 Dongwoo only had itself to blame if it did not make clear to the tribunal
and to M+H in its pleadings that it had a **_further alternative ground_**
that if the initial design provided for the oil filter was **_not defective_**
or if M+H had indeed provided a** _suitable or workable Initial Design_** for
the oil filter, then M+H was **_still in breach_** of the TATLA for not
providing suitable updates in time to make it an **_even better or improved_**
design (as opposed to a case of providing design updates promptly to **_remedy
the defects_** in the **_defective Initial Design_** , which is very
different).

97 Even at the hearing before me, I was also given the same impression that
Dongwoo’s complaints were premised on the defective design. In the submissions
before me, Dongwoo alleged that the Initial Design provided by M+H was
defective because oil leaks were detected after Dongwoo’s engineers had
finalised their design based on the Initial Design from M+H. Dongwoo then
requested updated drawings of the S-Engine oil filter in order to solve the
oil leak problems. As the provision of updated drawings were intentionally
delayed by M+H and only provided months after the initial requests, they were
no longer of any use when Dongwoo received them as Dongwoo’s relationship with
its customers was already severely impaired due to Dongwoo’s inability to
respond promptly with a solution to the oil leak (see paras 81-86 of the
written submissions of counsel for Dongwoo.)

98 Hence, the main thrust of Dongwoo’s argument remained that the Initial
Design was defective. Under these circumstances, obviously the tribunal
(including M+H) would have focused on this issue whether or not the Initial
Design was defective, and, if it was not, the whole basis of the complaint
would then fall away. Accordingly, the Initial Design would not be the cause
of the oil leak. If there was nothing wrong with the Initial Design provided
by M+H (which Dongwoo relied upon for the design of its own engine oil
filter), the obvious natural inference would be that there was then something
wrong with what Dongwoo had itself done, which had nothing to do with the
Initial Design. It would follow that no liability should be attached to M+H
for the delays in supplying updates to a non-faulty design. The tribunal
rightly focussed on what and where the real problem was, given the state of
play in the briefs and submissions of the parties at the arbitral hearing.

99 After having made sure that the thrust of its argument was that the Initial
Design provided by M+H was defective, Dongwoo then made this rather surprising
and unattractive submission before me that the issue whether the initial
Design was defective was never at the front of the parties’ minds and that the
tribunal ought to have invited the parties or counsel to submit on the issue
whether or not the Initial Design was defective (see paras 87-92 of Dongwoo’s
submissions). From this, Dongwoo formulated the present complaint that it was
not given an opportunity to argue that the Initial Design was defective, which
I had found to be unmeritorious for the reasons stated earlier.

_Possible alternative claim by Dongwoo?_

100 It was not at all clear to me and I had to distil it out from the way the
submissions were run that Dongwoo might be pursuing the further possible
alternative ground that it was also not given an opportunity to argue that
even if the S-Engine oil filter design originally provided was **_not
defective_** , M+H remained liable under the TATLA for the delay in providing
it promptly with **_improved versions of the non-defective Initial Design_**
as part of its obligations under the TATLA. Not having made clear to both the
tribunal and M+H that it was also going to run that further alternative case,
and not having made submissions clearly along those lines in its Post-Hearing
Brief, I did not think it would be fair to the tribunal and to M+H now to say
that they ought to have known that such an alternative claim was being
pursued.

101 Dongwoo cannot take advantage of its own default arising from its own lack
of clarity, to allege that there was a breach of natural justice by the
tribunal, when the tribunal might not even have understood or known that such
an alternative case was in fact being pursued by Dongwoo. There is also the
other side of the coin that M+H, not having been notified of this alternative
claim, may in turn suffer prejudice as it might also not have known that it
was expected to meet this alternative claim, which Dongwoo never clearly spelt
out.

102 In my view, one cannot, after the conclusion of the arbitral hearing and
the handing down of the arbitral award, make an allegation that a breach of
natural justice has occurred on the ground that the tribunal failed to give it
a chance (or to invite it) to argue a further alternative claim, when the
responsibility rests with the party concerned in the first place to make it
clear in its own statement of case in the arbitration and in its post hearing
briefs that it has, and is indeed relying on and pursuing a further
alternative claim such as the one that I have described above.

103 In seeking to set aside the award and have the matter re-heard, Dongwoo
was effectively asking for a second bite at the cherry so that it could
ventilate an alternative claim at a second arbitration, when such an
alternative claim was clearly foreseeable and should have been included for
determination at this arbitration in the first place. Dongwoo would be
exploiting its own default to the prejudice of M+H if I were to allow the
award to be set aside on this ground.

104 Dongwoo relied on _Zermalt Holdings SA v Nu-Life Upholstery Repairs Ltd_
[1985] 2 EGLR 14 (“ _Zermalt_ ”) where Bingham J set aside the award on the
ground that the arbitrator dealt with matters on which the parties never had
the chance to deal with. At [15], Bingham J opined as follows:

… Nevertheless, the rules of natural justice do require, even in an
arbitration conducted by an expert, that matters which are likely to form the
subject of decision, in so far as they are specific matters, should be exposed
for the comments and submissions of the parties. If an arbitrator is impressed
by a point that has never been raised by either side then it is his duty to
put it to them so that they have an opportunity to comment. If he feels that
the proper approach is one that has not been explored or advanced in evidence
or submission then again it is his duty to give the parties a chance to
comment. If he is to any extent relying on his own personal experience in a
specific way then that again is something that he should mention so that it
can be explored. It is not right that a decision should be based on specific
matters which the parties have never had the chance to deal with, nor is it
right that a party should first learn of adverse points in the decision
against him. That is contrary both to the substance of justice and to its
appearance, and on the facts of this case I think that the landlords’ case is
made out.

105 The present case is distinguishable from _Zermalt_ ’s case. Dongwoo failed
to plead an alternative claim during the arbitration. Dongwoo basically wanted
the tribunal to consider this alternative claim that was never expressly
pleaded before it in the first place. Dongwoo then alleged that not having
done so, the tribunal has breached natural justice.

106 If Dongwoo’s allegation is right, justice is turned on its head in my
view. It is akin to the hypothetical case of a defendant who never pleaded a
defence of limitation (when it should have done so since a limitation defence
was arguable on the facts). The defendant then says that there is a duty on
the part of the tribunal _to consider on its own accord whether the defendant
has any other valid defences (including the limitation defence) to defeat the
plaintiff’s claim, although these defences have never been pleaded_. Should
the tribunal find that such defences do exist, then it has the further duty to
invite the parties to consider these possible defences, so that they have the
opportunity to comment and make submissions before the tribunal makes its
decision. This invitation is allegedly to fulfil the requirement of natural
justice. In this hypothetical case, the tribunal supposedly would have a duty
to alert the defendant that it has a defence of limitation. If the tribunal
did not do so and allowed the plaintiff’s claim, would there be any breach of
natural justice? I do not think so.

107 It is trite that the tribunal is only to decide on issues in dispute
before it, and has no business, much less a _duty_ , to assist either party in
raising claims or defences that the party may have missed. This is eminently
the job of each party’s legal counsel. Clearly, it is not for the tribunal to
descend into the arena and act in part as counsel for Dongwoo in considering
whether or not that Dongwoo would have this alternative claim and then to
invite M+H to rebut this alternative claim, if there was one. In my view, it
was for Dongwoo to set out clearly what its claims were, and not for the
tribunal to look out for what other claims or alternative claims it might have
against M+H.

108 The comments of Bingham J in _Zermalt_ ([104] _supra_) must be read in the
context of that case, which concerned relevant evidence on a matter that had
already been put into issue. The main issue in dispute was the open market
rent of shop premises. The arbitrator however depressed his valuation of the
appropriate rent on account of the state of the premises and the need for
considerable expenditure to bring them up to a standard normally expected of
shop premises. Counsel for the landlords complained that this was an aspect
which was never explored, never referred to by the surveyors on either side,
never put by the arbitrator to the surveyors on either side, and, indeed,
appeared for the first time in the award. The landlords’ counsel submitted
that it was wrong in principle that the outcome of the arbitration should be
affected by a matter which had never been in the parties’ argument at all.

109 Hence, the above comments in _Zermalt_ ’s case must be limited only to a
case where the matter has been put into issue and in the course of evaluating
the evidence on that issue, the tribunal relies on extraneous evidence or
facts that the tribunal considers relevant, and of which the tribunal may have
special or expert knowledge (but which do not form the corpus of evidence or
facts alluded to by the parties at all) and of which the tribunal makes use in
its evaluation of the totality of the evidence for the proof of that issue.

110 But the present case is one where Dongwoo, having failed to do its own
preparatory work to ensure that all relevant claims including any alternative
claims it might have, were made, now turns the tables and blames the tribunal
for not realising that Dongwoo in fact has an alternative claim, and because
the tribunal did not decide on that alternative claim in reliance on the
evidence available to it in favour of Dongwoo, it next attacks the tribunal
for breaching natural justice. In my view, by doing this, Dongwoo is in
reality asking the tribunal to commit a breach of natural justice against M+H,
because M+H would then not have the opportunity to put up any defence against
an alternative case that Dongwoo had never pleaded in the first place.

111 I am of the view that the holding by Bingham J in _Zermalt_ ([104]
_supra_) relied upon by Dongwoo must be qualified in that it can only be
applicable to the factual evidence in relation to proof of claims or issues
that the parties have themselves already pleaded in the statement of case for
the arbitration, but not to those claims or issues never raised or pleaded in
the statement of case. For instance, if there are certain considerations or
facts, which the tribunal intends to rely on in deciding an _existing stated
or pleaded claim or issue_ , which considerations or facts the parties had
never at all alluded to, then it behoves the tribunal to make it known to the
parties that it is considering such matters and to invite the parties to at
least comment on them, and, if they so deem it necessary, to bring supporting
evidence in relation to those facts or considerations, before the tribunal
finally takes into account those matters to decide on the stated claims or
issues. I do not believe that Bingham J’s holding can have application to non-
stated claims or issues (whether as alternative claims, issues or otherwise)
or to matters which have never been made a part of the parties’ statements of
case in the arbitration. If Dongwoo’s counsel is contending that the ambit of
Bingham J’s holding extends to a duty on the part of the tribunal to explore
issues **_neither covered nor stated_** in the statement of case, then, with
respect, I will not be able to agree because the essential function of an
arbitrator is to resolve the claims and the live issues raised and disputed by
the parties and does not extend to those which the parties never raised in the
first place.

_M+H was led to focus on the main claim (not the alternative claim)_

112 As a result of the conduct of Dongwoo, M+H rightly and appropriately
focused primarily on refuting the main argument of Dongwoo (and not on the
said alternative claim) that the Initial Design of the S-Engine oil filter was
defective, in (a) its pleadings, (b) the evidence it led, and (c) its Post-
Hearing Brief. I shall deal with each in turn.

113 It should have been clear to Dongwoo from the manner in which M+H
responded below in its Reply to Respondent’s Counterclaims dated 26 May 2006
that M+H was concentrating on refuting Dongwoo’s allegation that M+H’s Initial
Design was defective (at para 86):

86\. [M+H] discovered a number of problems when it conducted a detailed
analysis of the oil filter sample made by Dongwoo. These problems arose
because **_Dongwoo worked on the design independently and ignored [M+H’s]
advice_**. The final drawing prepared by Dongwoo and presented to HMC
contained **_a number of differences_** from the design recommended by [M+H],
which caused severe problems in the function of the oil filter…

114 M+H adduced _evidence_ at the arbitral hearing that the S-Engine oil
filter was still in serial production by M+H, _ie_ , the design was
**__not__** defective, which then implied that the defects arising in the
S-Engine oil filter were the result of Dongwoo’s execution of the design.

115 I further noted that M+H in its _Post-Hearing Brief_ had also focussed
primarily on showing that the Initial Design was not defective, which should
have been plain to Dongwoo that it was a crucial issue in dispute to be
resolved by the tribunal. M+H submitted at the following paragraphs:

77\. … as was demonstrated at the Hearings, there was **_no defect in the
initial design_**. [Cedzich] clearly stated that both of these drawings are
correct and that the part based on the initial drawing is still in serial
production by [M+H]…

78\. As such, the **_defects_** in Dongwoo’s drain valve had nothing to do
with any differences between these drawings, but rather were **_caused
primarily by Dongwoo’s use of inappropriate rubber material_**. This is a
**_critical error_** , since the drain valve is made entirely of rubber…

83\. After it was demonstrated during Mr. Song’s [Dongwoo’s representative]
cross examination that the differences between the two drawings of the drain
valve were not due to **_design defects_** …

84 … the facts and the evidence plainly show that **_the problems in this
project_** were caused, among other things, by **_Dongwoo’s use of the wrong
drain valve rubber material, produced in Korea according to the order of
Dongwoo_** …

[emphasis added]

116 In Dongwoo’s Post-Hearing Brief, it was also evident that Dongwoo was in
turn challenging these contentions of M+H regarding the design of the S-Engine
oil filter, when it alleged at para 136 that “ _the fact that the previous
applications did not show the same defects in European cars is not conclusive
to show that the**original design had no problems**._”

117 In my view, it was very clear from the above extracts that at all material
times throughout the proceedings, the issue (whether or not the Initial Design
was defective) was very much alive and both parties were fully aware of that.
Dongwoo knew that it had to address M+H’s contention that the design was not
defective. As such, Dongwoo was in no way precluded from fully presenting its
case that the Initial Design was defective. No natural justice was breached
and Dongwoo was in no way prejudiced in this respect. From the evidence
presented and the briefs submitted, the tribunal was entitled to make a
finding of fact that Dongwoo had failed to prove that the Initial Design was
defective, and that accordingly, there was no breach of the TATLA by M+H.
Since there was no further alternative claim or alternative case stated and
made known to the tribunal by Dongwoo, the tribunal need not, and should
generally also not, go on further to address that further alternative claim or
case on its own accord in the arbitration.

118 It is worth noting what V K Rajah JA had said in _Soh Beng Tee & Co Pte
Ltd v Fairmount Development Pte Ltd_ [2007] 3 SLR 86 (“ _Soh Beng Tee_ ”) that
(at [41]):

41 … if we were to determine that the issue of whether time was at large was
not truly alive during the arbitration, that _per se_ would not be sufficient
to inexorably lead to the conclusion that the Arbitrator had _necessarily_
failed to adhere to the rules of natural justice in denying Fairmount an
occasion to present its contentions on the issue. It is frequently a matter of
degree as to how unexpected the impugned decision is, such that it can
persuasively be said that the parties were truly deprived of an opportunity to
argue it. As helpfully summarised in Sir Michael J Mustill & Stewart C Boyd,
_The Law and Practice of Commercial Arbitration in England_ (Butterworths, 2nd
Ed, 1989) (“ _Commercial Arbitration_ ”) at p 312:

If the arbitrator decides the case on a point which he has _invented_ for
himself, he _creates surprise_ and deprives the parties of their right to
address full arguments on the base which they have to answer. Similarly, if he
receives evidence outside the course of the oral hearing, he breaks the rule
that a party is entitled to know about and test the evidence led against him.

[emphasis in original]

119 It was evident to me that Dongwoo had known all along that this issue of
the defectiveness in the Initial Design was going to be a contested issue as
it had itself put that into issue in its own statement of case for
determination at the arbitration. To now say that Dongwoo was surprised would
be inherently and highly incredible. I thus agreed fully with the submission
of M+H’s counsel that this issue of the defective design had been disputed
vigorously at all stages of he arbitration process and the present case was
definitely not an instance where the tribunal had decided the award on a point
it had invented.

120 Having had the full opportunity to argue the point, but having lost the
argument at the arbitration, Dongwoo is now contriving a flimsy basis to set
aside the award on the ground that it was not given an opportunity to be heard
on that issue.

121 I would also like to point out that an incorrect finding of fact, if any,
and upon which certain legal conclusions on liability are founded is not a
ground for setting aside an award. As such, I will not discuss whether or not
it was wrong of the tribunal to find on the evidence before it that Dongwoo
had not discharged its burden to persuade the tribunal that the original
design of the S-Engine oil filter and that the alleged defects in the original
design were the cause of the problem of the leakage which occurred in early
2005, on which Doogwoo had sought the technical assistance of M+H under the
TATLA.

Breach of the rules of natural justice

122 Pursuant to section 24 of the IAA, the issues before the court were:

(a) first, whether the tribunal’s conduct with regard to the discovery of the
design standard drawings was in breach of the rules of natural justice; and

(b) second, whether the tribunal’s conduct in determining the issue of the
S-Engine Oil Filter Project was in breach of the rules of natural justice.

Section 24 of the IAA states:

**Court may set aside award**

**24.** Notwithstanding Article 34 (1) of the Model Law, the High Court may,
in addition to the grounds set out in Article 34 (2) of the Model Law, **_set
aside the award_** of the arbitral tribunal if —

(a) the making of the award was induced or affected by fraud or corruption; or

(b) a **_breach of the rules of natural justice_** occurred in connection with
the making of the award **_by which the rights of any party have been
prejudiced_**.

[emphasis added]

123 It is clear therefore that under the IAA, the breach of natural justice
must prejudice the rights of a party before the court may intervene: _Soh Beng
Tee_ ([118] _supra_) at [82]. The Court of Appeal also held that (at [91] and
[98]):

91\. … an applicant will have to persuade the court that there has been some
actual or real prejudice caused by the alleged breach. While this is obviously
a lower hurdle than substantial prejudice, it certainly does not embrace
technical or procedural irregularities that have caused no harm in the final
analysis. There must be more than technical unfairness. … What we can say is
that to attract curial intervention it must be established that the breach of
the rules of natural justice must, at the very least, have actually altered
the final outcome of the arbitral proceedings in some meaningful way. If, on
the other hand, the same result could or would ultimately have been attained,
or if it can be shown that the complainant could not have presented any
ground-breaking evidence and/or submissions regardless, the bare fact that the
arbitrator might have inadvertently denied one or both parties some technical
aspect of a fair hearing would almost invariably be insufficient to set aside
the award.

98 … It is only where the alleged breach of natural justice has surpassed the
boundaries of legitimate expectation and propriety, culminating in actual
prejudice to a party, that a remedy can or should be made available.

124 Dongwoo contended that the requirements under s 24(b) of the IAA were
fulfilled in this instance because its rights had been prejudiced. Dongwoo
argued that it did not have a fair opportunity to be heard as it could not
deal with the documents fully or properly submit the reasons why M+H was
obliged to provide these documents under the TATLA. Dongwoo contended that
justice could not be seen to be done as there was no way of knowing whether
and to what extent the documents had influenced the tribunal’s decision and
that efforts had to be expended to mount its defence and counterclaim, which,
in turn, hampered its case. Dongwoo contended that these breaches of natural
justice caused it substantial prejudice as they resulted in the issue of
whether there was a material breach with regard to the CCV oil separators
being decided against Dongwoo.

125 Dongwoo also contended that there was no way for it to know whether the
documents could have influenced the tribunal’s decision and it was only fair
and just for the tribunal, upon receipt of such documents, to return the
documents immediately to M+H without attempting to review them or disclose
them to Dongwoo.

126 In _Soh Beng Tee_ ([118] _supra_), the Court of Appeal held at [29] that a
party challenging an arbitration award as having contravened the rules of
natural justice had to establish:

(a) which rule of natural justice was breached;

(b) how it was breached;

(c) in what way the breach was connected to the making of the award; and

(d) how the breach prejudiced its rights.

127 The Court of Appeal went on to state at [73] that even if there had been a
breach of the rules of natural justice, there had to be a causal nexus between
the breach and the award made.

128 As to what constitutes the rules of natural justice, the Court of Appeal
in _Soh Beng Tee_ ([118] _supra_) held at [43]:

43 In _Gas & Fuel Corporation of Victoria v Wood Hall Ltd & Leonard Pipeline
Contractors Ltd_ [1978] VR 385 at 396, Marks J helpfully distilled the essence
of the two pillars of natural justice in the following terms:

The first is that an adjudicator must be disinterested and unbiased. This is
expressed in the Latin maxim – _nemo judex in causa sua_. The second principle
is that the parties must be given adequate notice and opportunity to be heard.
This in turn is expressed in the familiar Latin maxim – _audi alteram partem._
In considering the evidence in this case, it is important to bear in mind that
each of the two principles may be said to have sub-branches or amplifications.
One amplification of the first rule is that justice must not only be done but
appear to be done; (Lord Hewart, CJ in _R v Sussex Justices; ex parte
McCarthy_ , [1924] 1 K.B. 256 at p 259; [1923] All E.R. Rep. 233). Sub-
branches of the second principle are that each party must be given a fair
hearing and a fair opportunity to present its case. Transcending both
principles are the notions of fairness and judgment only after a full and fair
hearing given to all parties.

[emphasis in original]

129 In my view, I did not think that the tribunal relied on the design
standard drawings in coming to the conclusion not to draw any adverse
inference for the reasons that I have already elaborated above from [73] to
[81]. As stated before, I was not at all persuaded that the contents of the
undisclosed standard design drawings had in fact led the tribunal to decide in
the way it did. The tribunal had made it clear what evidence it did rely on to
make its finding and in none of them was anything that could possibly be
derived from the contents of the standard design drawings of the CCV oil
separator that was not disclosed to Dongwoo. Applying the principles set out
in _Soh Beng Tee_ ([118] _supra_), I could not see how the alleged breach was
connected to the making of the award, nor could I find any causal nexus
between the alleged breach and the award made. On a close examination of the
arbitral process and the conduct of the tribunal, I found that the evidence
pointed to the contrary that there was no breach of the rules of natural
justice in this case. The tribunal had properly concluded that there was no
material breach of the TATLA for the CCV oil separator and the S-Engine oil
filter and that M+H had fulfilled its obligations under the TATLA **_based on
all the credible evidence disclosed to the tribunal and to all parties during
the arbitration on the live issues that were plainly before it,_** and the
tribunal as the determiner of fact and law, was entitled to make those
findings.

Conflict with public policy

130 Dongwoo tried to set aside the award on the further ground that it was in
conflict with public policy, under Article 34(2)(b)(ii) of the Model Law,
which states:

_Article 34. Application for setting aside as exclusive recourse against
arbitral award_

(2) An arbitral award may be set aside by the court specified in Article 6
only if:

…

(b) the court finds that:

…

(ii) the award is in conflict with the public policy of this State.

131 In _PT Asuransi Jasa Indonesia (Persero) v Dexia Bank SA_ [2007] 1 SLR 597
(“ _PT Asuransi Jasa Indonesia (Persero)_ ”), the Court of Appeal explained
what would constitute a conflict with public policy (at [57] and [59]):

57 … The legislative policy under the Act is to minimise curial intervention
in international arbitrations. Errors of law or fact made in an arbitral
decision, _per se_ , are final and binding on the parties and may not be
appealed against or set aside by a court except in the situations prescribed
under s 24 of the Act and Art 34 of the Model Law. … In the present context,
_errors of law or fact,_per se_ , do not engage the public policy of Singapore
under Art 34(2)(b) (ii) of the Model Law when they cannot be set aside under
Art 34(2)(a) (iii) of the Model Law._

59 Although the concept of public policy of the State is not defined in the
Act or the Model Law, the general consensus of judicial and expert opinion is
that public policy under the Act encompasses _a narrow scope_. In our view, it
should only operate in instances where the _upholding of an arbitral award_
_would “shock the conscience_ ” (see _Downer Connect_ ([58] _supra_) at
[136]), or _is “clearly injurious to the public good or … wholly offensive to
the ordinary reasonable and fully informed member of the public_ ” (see
_Deutsche Schachbau v Shell International Petroleum Co Ltd_ [1987] 2 Lloyds’
Rep 246 at 254, _per_ Sir John Donaldson MR), or _where it violates the
forum’s most basic notion of morality and justice_ : see _Parsons & Whittemore
Overseas Co Inc v Societe Generale de L’Industrie du Papier (RAKTA)_ 508 F 2d,
969 (2nd Cir, 1974) at 974. This would be consistent with the concept of
public policy that can be ascertained from the preparatory materials to the
Model Law. As was highlighted in the Commission Report (A/40/17), at para 297
(referred to in _A Guide to the UNCITRAL Model Law on International Commercial
Arbitration: Legislative History and Commentary_ by Howard M Holtzmann and
Joseph E Neuhaus (Kluwer, 1989) at 914):

In discussing the term ‘public policy’, it was understood that it was not
equivalent to the political stance or international policies of a State but
comprised the __fundamental notions and principles of justice__ … It was
understood that the term ‘public policy’, which was used in the 1958 New York
Convention and many other treaties, covered fundamental principles of law and
justice in substantive as well as procedural respects. Thus _, instances such
as _corruption, bribery or fraud_ and similar serious cases would constitute a
ground for setting aside_.”

[emphasis added]

132 In _Profilati Italia SRL v Paine Webber Inc_ [2001] 1 Lloyd’s Rep 715 (“
_Profilati_ ”), Moore-Bick J made the following observations in relation to
the argument that non-disclosure of material documents constituted a breach of
public policy in the context of s 68 of the English Arbitration Act 1996 (at
[17], [19] and [26]):

17\. … where the successful party is said to have procured the award in a way
which is contrary to public policy it will normally be necessary to satisfy
the Court that some form of **__reprehensible or unconscionable conduct__** on
his part has contributed in a substantial way to obtaining an award in his
favour. Moreover, I do not think that the Court should be quick to interfere
under this section [_ie_ , s 68(2)(g) of the Arbitration Act 1996]. In those
cases in which s. 68 has so far been considered the Court has emphasized that
it is intended to operate only in **_extreme cases_** _..._

19\. Where an important document which ought to have been disclosed is
deliberately withheld and as a result the party withholding it has obtained an
award in his favour the Court may well consider that he procured that award in
a manner contrary to public policy. After all, such **_conduct is not far
removed from fraud_** …

26\. Even if there had been a deliberate failure to give disclosure of the two
documents in question it would still be necessary for Profilati to satisfy the
Court that **_it had suffered substantial injustice as a result_**.

[emphasis added]

Section 68 of the English Arbitration Act 1996 provides as follows:

(1) A party to arbitral proceedings may … apply to the court challenging an
award in the proceedings on the ground of serious irregularity affecting the
tribunal, the proceedings or the award.

…

(2) Serious irregularity means an irregularity of one or more of the following
kinds which the court considers has caused or will cause substantial injustice
to the applicant –

…

(g) the award being obtained by fraud or the award or the way in which it was
procured being contrary to public policy.

133 In my view, what was stated in [19] (quoted above) in _Profilati_ ([132]
_supra_) should not be read in the absolute sense without any qualifications.
If there is a good reason for the intentional non-disclosure of an important
document (which of course must not be a fictitious reason), then it cannot be
said that the resulting deliberate non-disclosure is akin to fraudulent
conduct.

134 Recently, in _Elektrim SA v Vivendi Universal SA_ [2007] 1 Lloyd’s Rep 693
(“ _Elektrim_ ”), Aikens J, endorsing _Profilati_ ([132] _supra_), opined at
[81]-[87]:

81\. In my view the strict approach to the construction of the words “obtained
by fraud” that I have adopted must also be applied in relation to the
disclosure of documents in an arbitration. If a party to the arbitration is
ordered to produce a document (or a class of documents) that is relevant to
the arbitration and the party, through its directors, its employees or its
lawyers, in the knowledge that the document exists, decides __deliberately to
conceal it, with the intention of inducing the tribunal and the other side
into the belief that the document does not exist, then that must be a
“fraud”__ for the purposes of section 68(2)(g). However, because an allegation
of fraud is being asserted, the accuser will have to demonstrate its case to a
__high standard of proof__.

82\. __But an award will only be “obtained by fraud” if the party which has
deliberately concealed the document has, as a consequence of that concealment,
obtained an award in its favour.__ The party relying on section 68(2)(g) must
therefore also __prove a causative link__ between the deliberate concealment
of the document and the decision in the award in favour of the other,
successful, party.

83\. If there has been a failure to disclose a document as a result of either
negligence, or an error of judgment, concerning the interpretation of an order
for production or the scope of the obligation to search for a document
following an order of the tribunal, that is not “fraud” for the purposes of
the paragraph. In this regard I respectfully agree with the comments of Moore-
Bick J in the _Profilati_ case at para 19, although those comments were made
in relation to the words “procured contrary to public policy” in the section.

...

85\. Neither side sought to argue that the position would be any different if
the phrase “procured contrary to public policy” is applied to the facts of
this case. In the _Profilati_ case, the allegation was that a party to an
arbitration had wrongly failed to disclose two material documents and that
this failure had led to an award being made in favour of one party that would
have been made in favour of the other party had the documents been disclosed.
It was not alleged that the two documents were deliberately withheld by either
the party concerned or its solicitors. However, it was argued that if a
document is wrongfully withheld as a result of either negligence or an error
of judgment, and it is demonstrated that the award is different in
consequence, then the award has been “procured contrary to public policy”
within section 68(2)(g).

86\. Moore-Bick J did not accept this argument. He concluded that, in the
context of disclosure, documents had to be deliberately withheld to the
knowledge of a party to the arbitration (or its solicitors), before it could
be said that the award had been procured contrary to public policy. He said
that normally it would have to be shown that there had been some
“reprehensible or unconscionable conduct” by the party concerned, that had
contributed in a substantial way to obtaining an award in that party’s favour:
see para 17.

87\. I respectfully agree with that analysis. Thus, at least in the context of
allegations of perjury and deliberate concealment of relevant documents, the
phrase “an award procured contrary to public policy” goes wider than the
phrase “an award obtained by fraud” for the purposes of section 68(2)(g).

[emphasis added]

135 Dongwoo asserted that the award was procured in such a way that it was
contrary to public policy, _ie_ , M+H had wrongly failed to disclose the
documents which related to the CCV oil separators, which might have supported
Dongwoo’s case in relation to whether there were breaches of the TATLA and
might have allowed Dongwoo’s counsel to make submissions or introduce evidence
which would not be made in the same way or force if the documents were
disclosed, and, to that extent, the award was improperly procured as the
tribunal was effectively misled.

136 Dong further asserted that M+H knew for a fact that the documents were
relevant and had admitted that it deliberately withheld the documents on the
pretext of confidentiality. M+H took advantage of its pretext of
confidentiality by disclosing the documents solely to the tribunal, hoping to
influence its decision. The disclosure only to the tribunal but not to it had
never been consented to by Dongwoo and Dongwoo had maintained its objections
throughout. Substantial prejudice was caused to Dongwoo as it was likely that
the documents might have impacted the minds of the tribunal. Justice was not
seen to be done. Dongwoo had no way of knowing how the documents influenced
the tribunal not just on the issue of confidentiality, but also the decision
on whether there was a breach and whether this was a material breach and so
forth. If the documents had been disclosed, it would enable Dongwoo to cross-
examine more pointedly and to demonstrate that the evidence of M+H’s witness
was false, and this would have resulted in Dongwoo persuading the tribunal to
reach an opposite conclusion. More questions could also have been put to M+H’s
witnesses.

137 In coming to its decision on the award as to whether adverse inference
should be drawn against M+H, Dongwoo submitted that the tribunal failed to
appreciate the real motive for M+H’s non-disclosure and the fact that in the
light of the confidentiality undertaking provided by Dongwoo and its own
findings in the 1st Ruling that such documents were relevant and material. It
was incumbent on M+H to produce such documents in compliance with the 1st
Ruling. However, M+H flagrantly disregarded the tribunal’s discovery orders
and deliberately withheld documents. Dongwoo argued that the deliberate
flouting of the tribunal’s directions must be taken to violate the forum’s
most basic notion of morality and justice. Dongwoo’s case was hindered by the
non-production of the documents, and it could not fairly present its case in
relation to a key issue in the arbitration. Not only did Dongwoo suffer
injustice as it was deprived of an opportunity of presenting its case, it also
did not know how the documents (disclosed to the tribunal but not to Dongwoo)
had influenced the tribunal’s substantive decision. M+H’s conduct “effectively
misled” the tribunal. Dongwoo strenuously argued that it had therefore
resulted in an award that was in conflict with public policy. Dongwoo
contended that it was generally accepted that such non-compliance with
discovery obligations would be inconsistent with the public policy of most
countries.

138 However, Dongwoo did not dispute (see [137] of its submissions) that mere
non-compliance with a tribunal’s order for production of documents _per se_
would not necessarily lead to the setting aside of the award on the basis of
the award being contrary to public policy, according to the principles in
_Profilati_ ([132] _supra_). However, Dongwoo placed reliance, _inter alia_ ,
on _Profilati_ ([132] _supra_) and _Elektrim_ ([134] _supra_) to submit that
the situation would be different if the party had deliberately flouted
discovery orders, or deliberately withheld an important document.

139 I carefully examined whether M+H in reality believed that it did not have
any good reason not to disclose the documents, whether it invented a reason
not to disclose, and whether M+H did intentionally mislead or commit a fraud
on the tribunal by concealing an important key document (including even its
existence) which if disclosed would have been so unfavourable that the
tribunal would not have decided the award in the way it did. I trawled through
the evidence to find whether there was any _mala fides_ involved. Was the
motive for the deliberate non-disclosure to prevent a document with some
damning evidence from surfacing at all costs and without any good reason at
all, in order to mislead the tribunal into coming to a wrong conclusion in its
favour? If so, then this sort of despicable and reprehensible conduct of the
party smacks of total bad faith and destroys the whole basis for a fair
arbitration of the dispute. Such conduct of the party is tantamount to
committing a fraud on the tribunal, which will not be countenanced as it
undermines the entire foundation of a fair arbitration. When parties resort to
arbitration, it goes with saying that they expect the tribunal to resolve
their dispute properly, fairly and justly in accordance with the law and the
institutional or agreed rules governing that arbitration. Parties embark on
the arbitral process with a common fundamental understanding and with trust
that (a) no party will use any underhanded tactics to fool the tribunal into
coming to a result in its favour; (b) no party will bribe the tribunal into
giving a decision in its favour or do anything to corrupt or subvert or
compromise the professional integrity, impartiality and independence of the
tribunal; (c) no party will fabricate evidence in support of its case; and (d)
no party will do anything that will “violate and undermine the forum’s most
basic notion of morality and justice”. If so, then I will be minded to set
aside the award on the grounds of public policy as upholding such an award
will certainly “shock the conscience” and will be “clearly injurious to the
public good or wholly offensive to the ordinary reasonable and fully informed
member of the public.”

140 The question before me is whether such features as those mentioned above
do exist in the conduct of M+H in the arbitration? I think whatever Dongwoo
had attempted to paint as misconduct on the part of M+H were so far removed
from those that would ground a setting aside based on public policy that they
could be said to be as different as that between “chalk” and “cheese”.

141 From the available evidence, M+H appeared to me to have honestly believed
that it had a good reason not to disclose the documents because it was covered
by a confidentiality agreement with a third party. Its acts of disclosing both
the existence and the contents of the documents (_ie_ , the design standard
drawings of the CCV oil separator) to the tribunal but only disclosing the
existence of the documents (but not their contents) to Dongwoo seemed to me to
be the very opposite behaviour of a party who had something very damning to
hide. The last thing I would expect a party who had something very damning to
hide would be to show everything to the very tribunal which was going to
decide the matter. Why would M+H even want to disclose the existence of the
allegedly damning documents to Dongwoo and even take the further step of
showing their entire contents to the tribunal if those documents should not
see the light of day at all?

142 The more likely inference would be that M+H genuinely believed that the
documents were covered by the confidentiality agreement and they were entitled
not to disclose them as they were irrelevant and outside the scope of the
TATLA, which then led to their conduct in making full disclosure of the
documents to the tribunal in the hope that the tribunal would rule in its
favour, which the tribunal did not when it refused to modify the 1st Ruling
for discovery and gave its brief reasons for doing so. In my judgment, M+H’s
motivation and behaviour were more characteristic of someone who was _not
trying to hide_ any smoking gun so to speak, but who was unable to make
disclosure due to a confidentiality agreement and who was hoping to persuade
the tribunal that that was the case by disclosing only the documents to the
tribunal.

143 As there are indeed some arbitral and court procedures in which the
tribunal or the court, as the case may be, can itself decide the **_“threshold
question”_** of discovery without the other party having sight of the
documents (see [82] to [87]), it would not, in my opinion, be fair to pin any
_mala fides_ on the part of M+H when it similarly made full and frank
disclosure of the contents of the documents only to the tribunal and requested
the tribunal to determine that **_“threshold question”_** objectively based on
what the tribunal could see for itself. In any event, M+H failed to persuade
the tribunal to modify the discovery order during the discovery stage of the
proceedings. So this act did not in reality result in any substantial
prejudice or injustice to Dongwoo, or for that matter any prejudice or
injustice at all. The documents were ordered to be produced by M+H subject to
certain confidentiality undertakings from Dongwoo. Since the confidentiality
undertakings were in fact provided by Dongwoo, M+H was therefore obliged to
make discovery of those documents. But at the arbitration hearing itself, M+H
decided to risk having an adverse inference drawn against it when it refused
to produce the documents in contravention of the discovery order of the
tribunal. The tribunal made it absolutely clear that that question of adverse
inference would be considered and the parties would have the opportunity to
submit on it if no production of the documents was made. Intentionally or
deliberately taking of that risk by M+H in itself as part of the adversarial
process was not something that I would regard as belonging to the category of
reprehensible or unconscionable conduct (given the circumstances that M+H was
in), that would shock the conscience and would warrant setting aside the award
on the basis that it would be contrary to public policy for me to uphold it.

144 After carefully considering the matter, I did not regard the whole conduct
of M+H in the arbitration as having come within those sort of behaviour or
conduct that I alluded to earlier that would justify a setting aside based on
public policy. It would be wrong in my view to set aside the award on the
ground of public policy if all that could be shown, at the highest, was
perhaps that M+H or the tribunal had only made an honest mistake, be it a
procedural lapse or otherwise.

145 A deliberate refusal to comply with a discovery order is not _per se_ a
contravention of public policy because the adversarial procedure in
arbitration admits of the possible sanction of an adverse inference being
drawn against the party that does not produce the document in question in
compliance with an order. The tribunal will of course consider all the
relevant facts and circumstances, and the submissions by the parties before
the tribunal decides whether or not to draw an adverse inference for the non-
production. Dongwoo also had the liberty to apply to the High Court to compel
production of the documents under s 13 and 14 of the IAA, if it was not
content with merely arguing on the question of adverse inference and if it
desperately needed the production by M+H of those documents for its inspection
so that it could properly argue the point on drawing an adverse inference.
However, Dongwoo chose not to do so.

146 Further, the present case was not one where a party hides even the
existenceof the damning document and then dishonestly denies its very
existence so that the opposing party does not even have the chance to submit
that an adverse inference ought to be drawn for non-production. M+H in fact
disclosed the existence of the documents but gave reasons why it could not
disclose them. Here, Dongwoo had the full opportunity to submit that an
adverse inference ought to be drawn, but it failed to persuade the tribunal to
draw the adverse inference. The tribunal examined the **_other_** evidence
before it, considered the submissions of the parties and rightfully exercised
its fact finding and decision making powers not to draw the adverse inference
as it was entitled to do so. It would appear to me that the tribunal was doing
nothing more than exercising its normal fact finding powers to determine
whether or not an adverse inference ought to be drawn.

147 A high standard of proof is required for an allegation of fraudulent,
unconscionable or similar reprehensible conduct against another party, who is
said to have thereby secured the award by fraudulent or unconscionable means.
The requisite standard of proof was not met in this case. As such, I did not
think Dongwoo succeeded in proving that this was a case where upholding the
award would “shock the conscience”, or would be “clearly injurious to the
public good” or “wholly offensive to the ordinary and reasonable fully
informed member of the public”, or would “violate the forum’s most basic
notion of morality and justice”. Dongwoo failed to convince me that the tests
laid down in _PT Asuransi Jasa Indonesia (Persero)_ ([131] _supra_) were
satisfied, and, for these reasons, I could not agree with Dongwoo’s argument
that the award ought to be set aside on the ground that it was in conflict
with the public policy of Singapore.

Alternative finding of tribunal

148 The tribunal had an alternative finding at [215] of the award that even
under the (incorrect) **_assumption that the eight emails_** referred to by
Dongwoo (and the further circumstances related thereto) **_constituted a
“material breach” of the TATLA, Dongwoo was still not entitled to terminate
the TATLA_** because its termination notice dated 27 October 2005 was not
valid (see [215], [220]–[222], [224] and [226] of the award). This part of the
award was **_not challenged by Dongwoo_** in this action. I agreed with M+H
that indeed this part of the award could not be challenged because it was
extensively argued and submitted on by the parties in the course of the
arbitration. Dongwoo would have no basis to set aside this part of the award
on the usual grounds of public policy, a breach of natural justice or an
inability on the part of Dongwoo to present its case at the arbitration
hearing. There was clearly no prejudice occasioned whatsoever to Dongwoo in so
far as the invalidity of the termination was concerned as held by the
tribunal.

149 The remaining issue that I have to consider is whether there would be any
increase in the amount of damages payable by M+H to Dongwoo if the tribunal
found that M+H had materially breached its obligations in respect of **_all
the items_** , namely, the porous ducts, HC trap, air cleaners, CCV oil
separators, oil filters, S-Engine oil filter and inadequate technical
training. I did not think so for the following reasons.

150 At [239] of the award, the tribunal found that Dongwoo had sufficiently
substantiated the non-contractual performance of the TATLA by M+H for part of
the year from March 2005 till September 2005 (**_a period of 7 months_**) and
that Dongwoo had sufficiently substantiated and proved that it **_suffered
losses “exceeding the contractual limitation of 60%” of the total of the
running royalties under Article 8.3 of the TATLA._** As a result of the
contributory negligence of Dongwoo (whom the tribunal found could have better
facilitated M+H’s transfer of technical information and know-how), the
tribunal evaluated Dongwoo’s damage claim as 50% of the royalties paid by
Dongwoo to M+H under the TATLA for the year 2005. Essentially, the tribunal
allowed a pro-rating of **_6 months_** (_ie_ , 50% of one year) of the
royalties for the year 2005 instead of using the actual period of **_7
months_** for the computation. It basically reduced the pro-rating by one
month, which resulted in a figure of 50%. Based on the total royalties paid by
Dongwoo to M+H under the TATLA agreement (effective initially from 3 January
2003 until 31 December 2005) of about 1 billion Korean Won for the 3 years
from 2003 to 2005, the pro-rated damages for half a year or 6 months was
determined by the tribunal to be Korean Won 166,666,667. Hence, even if
Dongwoo could prove that it suffered additional damages due to the additional
breaches arising from the CCV oil separator and the S-Engine oil filter (_ie_
, assuming that the tribunal was wrong in not drawing an adverse inference and
should have found that there was a breach in the case of the **_CCV oil
separator_** , and assuming that the tribunal was wrong in deciding on a point
that was not argued and if argued would have found for Dongwoo with regard to
the **_S-Engine oil filter_**), it made no real difference to Dongwoo as the
amount of damages awarded would very likely have remained at Korean Won
166,666,667 because of the limitation on liability and damages under Article
8.3 of the TATLA. Under these circumstances, I could not see any impact nor
any appreciable difference whatsoever in the outcome in monetary terms having
regard to the contractual limitation on damages in the TATLA, even if it were
true that the tribunal had erred in the manner alleged by Dongwoo and further
damages ought to be assessed and given on account of those additional
breaches. I could not find any prejudice occasioned to Dongwoo even if all of
its complaints were borne out and Dongwoo had succeeded on all the issues
because the final outcome of the arbitration would not have been any different
since the tribunal found that the M+H’s notice of termination was invalid.

151 For all these reasons and bearing in mind what the Court of Appeal said in
_Soh Beng Tee_ ([118] _supra_) at [64] in its summary of applicable principles
that an award should be read generously such that only meaningful breaches of
the rules of natural justice that have actually caused prejudice are
ultimately remedied, I found on the whole that there was no breach of natural
justice that had actually altered the final outcome in some meaningful way.

Conclusion

152 In conclusion, it is perhaps worth emphasizing what Bingham J said in
_Zermalt_ ([104] _supra_) at [14] that as a general approach:

… the courts strive to uphold arbitration awards. They do not approach them
with a meticulous legal eye endeavouring to pick holes, inconsistencies and
faults in awards and with the objective of upsetting or frustrating the
process of arbitration. Far from it. The approach is to read an arbitration
award in a reasonable and commercial way, expecting, as is usually the case,
that there will be no substantial fault that can be found with it…

153 I found that Dongwoo was given ample opportunities to present its case,
and there was no breach of natural justice in relation to both discovery and
document production in relation to the CCV oil separator and the S-Engine oil
filter. I also found that the award was not in conflict with public policy.

154 Even if there was some procedural irregularity or some non-observance of
due process, I was not prepared on the facts of this case to exercise my
discretion to set aside any part of the award because, on the whole, I did not
find that Dongwoo had suffered any injustice or prejudice on account of them.

155 Accordingly, I dismissed Dongwoo’s action with costs. Costs were given on
an indemnity basis due to a specific clause in Article 20 in the TATLA
concerning expenses and enforcement costs.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 08 May 2008 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

