Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Tan Kah Hock and Another v Chou Li Chen and Others  
[2008] SGHC 82

Case Number | : | Suit 267/2007, RA 401/2007  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 03 June 2008  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Lee Seiu Kin J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Lee Mun Hooi (Lee Mun Hooi & Co) for the plaintiffs; Kevin Kwek Yiu Wing (Legal Solutions LLC) for the defendants   
Parties | : |  Tan Kah Hock; Tan Kah Hong — Chou Li Chen; Assobuild Construction Pte Ltd; Assobuild Private Limited   
  
Civil Procedure  
  
Conflict of Laws  
  

3 June 2008 |   
---|---  
  
Lee Seiu Kin J:

1 This is an appeal against the order of the Assistant Registrar on 4 December
2007 in Summons No 4860 of 2007 in which he ordered, _inter alia_ , that:

the Plaintiffs are to elect by 3rd January 2008 to either amend the Australian
Proceedings in Federal Court No WAD 180 of 2007 or amend the Singapore
Proceedings in Suit No 267 of 2007 to remove all references to the
Shareholders’ Agreement, including but not limited to any breach of clause 9
of the Shareholders’ Agreement.

2 The defendants’ original prayer in the summons was under Rules of Court (Cap
322, R5, 2006 Rev Ed) O 12 r 7(2), for a stay of all further proceedings in
this suit until the final determination of proceedings in the Federal Court of
Australia in WAD 180 of 2007. When it came up before the Assistant Registrar
the defendants amended the prayer to the form of the order that was finally
given.

3 The plaintiffs and defendants are shareholders in a company incorporated in
Western Samoa called Awap Sgt 26 Investment Limited (“the Company”). The
plaintiffs, who are brothers, together hold 50% of the company’s shares and
the other 50% is held by the defendants. The Company, which is registered in
Australia as a foreign company under the Corporations Act 2001, owns a
20-storey office building in Perth, Western Australia (“the Property”).

4 The plaintiffs’ claim in this suit concerns an alleged agreement (“the
Agreement”) reached on 7 December 2006 in which the first defendant (“Chou”),
on behalf of himself and the second and third defendants, agreed to sell their
entire shareholdings in the Company to the first and second plaintiffs for the
sum of $9 million and A$2.3 million. The plaintiffs pleaded that the
defendants were in breach of this agreement and pray for an order of specific
performance or damages in lieu thereof. The defendants’ position is that
although the parties were in negotiation for sale, no final agreement had been
reached.

5 One of the matters pleaded by the plaintiffs concerned the sale on 10 April
2007 of all Chou’s shares in the Company to a company called CN 2000 Holdings
Limited (“CN 2000”) in which he was a minority shareholder. The plaintiffs
pleaded that this was a fictitious sale to a “related corporation”, to use
Chou’s own description. The plaintiffs contend that this was done to
circumvent enforcement of their rights under the Agreement. The plaintiffs
further pleaded that Chou’s sale of his shares to CN 2000 was in breach of a
shareholders’ agreement executed on 30 April 2006 (“the Shareholders’
Agreement”) by the first and second plaintiffs and Chou. Clause 9 of the
Shareholders’ Agreement provides that a party may transfer his shares to a
non-party only after giving the other parties the right of first refusal. Chou
averred that, for a number of reasons, the Shareholders’ Agreement was null
and void and of no effect. It is clear that from the plaintiffs’ point of
view, in the event that they succeed in proving that Chou was in breach of the
Agreement it might be necessary to prove breach of the Shareholders’ Agreement
in order to obtain a rescission of the sale of Chou’s shares to CN 2000 in
order to avail themselves of an order for specific performance.

6 The plaintiffs filed the writ in this action on 26 April 2007. The
defendants filed their Defence on 30 May 2007. This was followed by a number
of interlocutories including an application by the defendants to strike out
the action which was dismissed by the Assistant Registrar on 26 June 2007 and,
on appeal, dismissed by the judge on 23 July 2007. Affidavits for discovery
were exchanged in August and on 29 August 2007, the Deputy Registrar directed
the parties to set down the suit by 21 November 2007.

7 In the meantime, another battle was brewing between the parties in Perth,
Western Australia. Deo Silver Pte Ltd (“Deo Silver”) is a Singapore
incorporated company that is majority-owned by the plaintiffs who are its
directors. On 18 September 2007 the plaintiffs, as first and second
applicants, and Deo Silver as the third applicant, commenced suit no WAD 180
of 2007 in the Federal Court of Western Australia (“the Australian suit”). In
that action the Company was named as the first respondent and Chou, the third
respondent. The fourth respondent was CN 2000 and the second respondent was a
Hong Kong company, CN (Hong Kong) Limited (“CNHK”). The applicants alleged
that the second, third and fourth respondents, who were all directors or
shareholders of the Company, had acted oppressively towards them as members of
the Company. On this ground they sought relief under s 233(1)(d) of the
Corporations Act 2001 for an order that Chou transfers to the plaintiffs all
the shares in the Company that are owned by him or by companies controlled by
him at the current market value. The applicants pleaded that the oppressive
acts were as follows ([26] and [27] of the statement of claim):

26 Mr Chou, as secretary and shadow director of [the Company], and CNHK:

(a) failed or refused to recognise and register Deo Silver’s appointments to
the board of directors of [the Company];

(b) alternatively failed or refused to appoint Deo Silver to the board of
directors of [the Company];

(c) alternatively failed or refused to appoint [the first applicant] or [the
second applicant] to the board of directors of [the Company],

thereby preventing [the first and second applicants] from participating in the
management of [the Company].

27 Mr Chou and CNHK have refused to allow Deo Silver to participate in the
management of [the Company].

PARTICULARS

We repeat paragraphs 20 and 26.

Around June 2007 CNHK instructed the manager of the Property, Knight Frank,
not to take any instructions from any of the Applicants regarding the
Property, or provide any information about the Property to the Applicants.

8 Paragraph 20 of the statement of claim, referred to in [27], provides as
follows:

20 Subsequent to the Notice of Appointment, Mr Chou and CNHK failed or refused
to recognise Deo Silver’s appointment as director.

PARTICULARS

By letter dated 9 August 2007 to the Respondents’ Singapore lawyers, Deo
Silver asserted that it was validly appointed as a director of [the Company],
and sought an undertaking from CNHK that it would not act on behalf of [the
Company] without Deo Silver’s consent. By letter dated 14 August 2007, the
Respondents’ Singapore lawyers asserted that CNHK was the sole director of
[the Company], and that it would not give the undertaking requested in the
letter of 9 August 2007 referred to above. By letter dated 24 August 2007, Deo
Silver called a meeting of directors to take place on 14 September 2007. By
letter dated 28 August 2007 the Respondents’ Australian lawyers stated that
the Respondents do not recognise the valid appointment of Deo Silver as a
director of [the Company], and that on those grounds they do not recognise the
notice of meeting was valid.

By letter dated 28 August 2007 to CNHK, Deo Silver called a meeting of
Directors to take place on 29 August 2007. By letter dated 28 August 2007,
CNHK reiterated its position that it was the sole director of [the Company],
and that it will not be attending the meeting called by Deo Silver.

9 The final three substantive paragraphs of the statement of claim plead as
follows:

29 By reason of the matters pleaded in paragraphs 26 and 27 herein
(“Oppressive Conduct”), Mr Chou and CNHK conducted the affairs of [the
Company] in an oppressive and unfairly prejudicial and discriminatory manner
against [the first and second applicants], within the meaning of the
Corporations Act 2001…

30 But for the Oppressive Conduct, the matters pleaded in paragraphs 28(f) to
28(j) herein would not have occurred.

31 [The first and second applicants] have suffered loss as a result of the
Oppressive Conduct, being unfairly prejudiced and being prevented from
protecting their shareholding in [the Company].

The matters pleaded in [28(f)] to [28(j)] are as follows:

(f) CNHK failed or refused to authorise the Stage Two Funding or otherwise
provide funding for the Stage Two Works.

(g) CNHK’s failure or refusal to authorise funding for the Stage Two Works
caused Showgold to be unable the pay the subcontractors.

(h) The subcontractors refused to complete the Stage Two Works until their
outstanding invoices were paid, which caused a delay in completion of the
Stage Two Works.

(i) The tenant of the Property is likely to claim liquidated damages against
[the Company] for the delay in completion of the Stage Two Works.

(j) The delay in completion of the Stage Two Works has resulted in a loss of
rental income which [the Company] would otherwise have received from the
tenant for the Property.

10 The pleadings complained of in the application before me, _viz_ “references
to the Shareholders’ Agreement, including but not limited to any breach of
clause 9 of the Shareholders’ Agreement” are found in [21] to [24] of the
statement of claim. There the applicants pleaded the execution of the
Shareholders’ Agreement ([21]), set out some of its terms ([22]), pleaded that
Chou had failed or refused to perform those terms ([23] and [24]). Paragraph
23 pertains to the failure to perform terms in the Shareholders’ Agreement
calling for the appointment of a new accountant and a new secretary for the
Company within a specific time and to appoint either the first or second
applicant as a director. Those matters are not before the court in the present
proceedings. Paragraph 24 is, and it pertains to the allegation that Chou had
caused the transfer of his shares in the Company to CN 2000 without giving the
first and second applicants (who are the plaintiffs before me) the first right
of refusal as required under the Shareholders’ Agreement. In its remaining
prayers, the applicants asked for a declaration that any transfer of shares
from Chou to CN 2000 was invalid and to be set aside and further or in the
alternative, an order for Chou to cause the appointment of the first applicant
as a director of the Company.

11 On behalf of the defendants, Mr Kwek submitted that there are two
proceedings, in Singapore and Australia, in which essentially the same parties
are litigating over similar issues. Mr Kwek contended that this is a case of
_lis alibi pendens_ and that I ought to uphold the order made by the Assistant
Registrar and require the plaintiffs to elect to remove references to the
Shareholders’ Agreement in one of those proceedings to remove the risk of
conflicting findings in two jurisdictions and the inconvenience and expense of
having to litigate the same issues twice. On behalf of the plaintiffs, Mr Lee
argued that the mere fact that similar issues are being litigated in two
courts in different jurisdictions will not move the court to make this order.
The court will only do so only if this would be vexatious or oppressive on the
defendants.

12 Mr Kwek relied on the decision of Sir Nicholas Browne-Wilkinson V-C in
_Australian Commercial Research and Development Ltd v ANZ McCaughan Merchant_
_Bank Ltd_ [1989] 3 All ER 65 (_Australian Commercial Research)_. The headnote
to this case states as follows:

The plaintiff, a Queensland company, wished to raise extra capital by the
placement of shares and in 1987 entered into an agreement with the defendant,
an English company carrying on business in London as a merchant bank, and five
brokers for the placement of shares in the plaintiff. The defendant and the
five brokers were subsidiaries of an Australian banking group carrying on
business primarily in Australia. A dispute arose over the performance of the
agreement, each side claiming that the other was in breach. On 13 July 1988
the plaintiff issued proceedings in England against the defendant (but not the
brokers) claiming repayment of money paid to the defendant in respect of fees.
On 6 October 1988 the defendant served a defence and counterclaim claiming
entitlement to remuneration by way of a quantum meruit. In the mean time the
plaintiff issued proceedings in Queensland against both the defendant and the
brokers claiming damages for breach of the agreement. The plaintiff applied
for a stay of the counterclaim in the English action and offered to stay the
English claim so as to permit the whole matter to be litigated in Queensland.

Held -- A plaintiff who initiated proceedings against the same defendant in
two separate jurisdictions in respect of the same subject matter was required
to elect which set of proceedings he wished to pursue, and if he elected to
pursue the proceedings abroad the English action would be dismissed and not
merely stayed. On the facts, the appropriate forum for the trial of the action
was Queensland and the court would therefore give the plaintiff leave to
discontinue the English claim and stay the counterclaim.

13 It can be seen that the situation in that case is a unique one and the
decision of Sir Nicholas Browne-Wilkinson V-C was on the basis that Queensland
was the appropriate forum. Accordingly he stayed the counterclaim and gave
leave to the plaintiff to discontinue the claim. In the course of his
judgment, the Vice-Chancellor cited the following passage from Dicey and
Morris Conflict of Laws (11th edn, 1987) at 395:

The court may be asked to stay an action in England, or to enjoin an action
abroad, in two distinct situations: first, where the same plaintiff sues the
same defendant in England and abroad and secondly, where the plaintiff in
England is defendant abroad, or vice versa. In the first situation it is not
likely that the court would allow, except in very unusual circumstances, the
continuation of proceedings by the same plaintiff against the same defendant
for a similar cause of action in two different jurisdictions. The court would
put the plaintiff to his election, and stay the English proceedings or enjoin
the foreign proceedings.

14 The present suit is very different from the factual situation in the
_Australian Commercial Research_. First of all, the actions here and in
Australia are quite different in nature although the background facts overlap.
The present suit is for enforcement of the Agreement in which the defendants
had undertaken to sell their shares in the Company to the plaintiffs, whereas
the Australian suit is brought on the basis of oppressive conduct by the
respondents in relation to the management of the Company.

15 Secondly, the only similar issue in the two suits, here and in Australia,
is the question of the subsistence of the Shareholders’ Agreement. There does
not appear to be any controversy over what its terms are, if it subsists;
those terms are set out in writing and the defendants have not in any
affidavit denied the interpretation of cl 9 relating to first right of
refusal.

16 Thirdly, the question of the subsistence of the Shareholders’ Agreement is
not the primary issue in either proceedings. The suit before me pertains to
the enforcement, not of the Shareholders’ Agreement, but of the Agreement, in
which the plaintiffs claim the defendants had undertaken to sell their entire
shareholdings in the Company to them. The issue of the Shareholders’ Agreement
is relevant only from the point of view of the relief of specific performance,
because the shares are now held by CN 2000 due, the plaintiffs say, to a
breach by Chou of his undertaking. If the Shareholders’ Agreement is not
upheld by the court in Singapore, then this may limit the plaintiffs’ remedies
to damages. But it does not affect the plaintiffs’ substantive claim which is
based on breach of the Agreement. In the Australian suit, the primary issue is
whether there was oppressive conduct on the part of the respondents. The
applicants there had, in pleading that the respondents had engaged in
oppressive conduct, limited this to the facts pleaded in [26] and [27], and
also [20] on account of the particulars in [27]. None of these paragraphs
pertain to the Shareholders’ Agreement which is pleaded in [21] to [24]. There
the Shareholders’ Agreement appears to be pleaded so that the remedy of sale
at market value may be available as a remedy. In the event that this is not
possible, the alternative remedy of damages had been pleaded and is available
to the applicants.

17 In the latest edition of Dicey, Morris & Collins: The Conflict of Laws
(14th edn, 2006) the editors state at [12-008], p 466:

Until the decision of the House of Lords in _The Atlantic Star_ a defendant
who sought a stay of English proceedings had a very heavy burden. In _St
Pierre v South American Stores (Gath and Chaves) Ltd_ Scott L.J. restated the
principles on which the court acted, the effect of which was that a stay would
only be granted if the continuance of the action would work an injustice in
the sense that it would be “vexatious or oppressive”, and if the stay would
not cause an injustice to the claimant. In _The Atlantic Star_ a majority of
the House of Lords held that, although a plaintiff should not lightly be
denied the right to sue in an English court, the words “oppressive or
vexatious” should, in future, be interpreted more liberally: in considering
whether a stay should be granted, the court should take into account the
advantage to the plaintiff and any disadvantage to the defendant. In
_MacShannon v Rockware Glass Ltd_ a differently constituted House of Lords
went considerably further when all, except Lord Keith, were in favour of
discontinuing the use of the words “oppressive or vexatious” altogether. In
this decision Lord Diplock restated the governing principle as being that, in
order to justify a stay, two conditions had to be satisfied, one positive and
the other negative: (a) the defendant had to satisfy the court that there was
another forum to whose jurisdiction he was amenable in which justice could be
done between the parties at substantially less inconvenience or expense, and
(b) the stay was not to deprive the plaintiff of a legitimate personal or
juridical advantage which would be available to him if he invoked the
jurisdiction of the English court.

18 The cause of action in the Australian suit is only available to the
plaintiffs in Australia as the Company falls within the jurisdiction of the
Corporations Act 2001. It is not possible for the plaintiffs to commence that
action in Singapore. The plaintiffs have commenced the present suit presumably
because Chou is resident or has assets here and the second and third
defendants are companies registered in Singapore. There are therefore
advantages to the plaintiffs in prosecuting the present suit in Singapore
whereas they are compelled to prosecute the oppression action in Australia. In
both actions the plaintiffs have deemed it necessary to plead the facts
pertaining to the Shareholders’ Agreement and in my view it is reasonable for
them so to do. I am of the opinion that under these circumstances it is not
appropriate for the court to exercise its discretion to require the plaintiffs
to make the election that the defendants ask for. For these reasons I allowed
the appeal and set aside the order below.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 03 Jun 2008 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

