Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Sukhpreet Kaur Bajaj d/o Manjit Singh and Another v Paramjit Singh Bajaj
and Others  
[2008] SGHC 207

Case Number | : | Suit 713/2006  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 13 November 2008  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Tan Lee Meng J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Rey Foo Jong Han (K S Chia Gurdeep & Param) for the plaintiffs; Philip Jeyaretnam, SC (instructed) / Elizabeth Yeo (Rodyk & Davidson LLP) / Godwin Campos (Godwin Campos & Co) for the 3rd & 4th defendants   
Parties | : |  Sukhpreet Kaur Bajaj d/o Manjit Singh; Bhupinder Singh s/o Manjit Singh — Paramjit Singh Bajaj; Manbir Singh Bajaj; Bhajnik Singh Bajaj; Jagjit Singh Bajaj   
  
Trusts  
  

13 November 2008 |  Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Tan Lee Meng J:

1 The present case involves proceedings commenced by the plaintiffs, Ms
Sukhpreet Kaur Bajaj d/o Manjit Singh (“Sukhpreet”) and her brother, Mr
Bhupinder Singh s/o Manjit Singh (“Bhupinder”), against their maternal uncles
(the 1st and 2nd defendants) and their paternal uncles (the 3rd and 4th
defendants).

2 Sukhpreet and Bhupinder sued Mr Paramjit Singh Bajaj (“Paramjit”) and Mr
Manbir Singh Bajaj (“Manbir”) (both referred to as the “maternal uncles”), who
were the executors of their mother’s estate, for breach of their duties as
trustees of the said estate. They also sued Mr Bhajnik Singh Bajaj and Mr
Jagjit Singh Bajaj (both referred to as the “paternal uncles”), for
unconscionably procuring the transfer of trust property to themselves.

Background

3 The dispute between the plaintiffs and the defendants has its roots in the
estate of the plaintiffs’ paternal grandfather, Mr Bhagwan Singh Bajaj
(“Bhagwan”), who died intestate on 30 December 1947.

4 Bhagwan owned a number of properties, which were mainly situated in Kuala
Lumpur, Malaysia. Following his death in 1947, the plaintiffs’ father, Mr
Manjit Singh (“Manjit”) inherited a one-sixth share of Bhagwan’s estate (“the
trust property”).

5 In January 1972, Manjit assigned the trust property to his wife, Mdm Kuldip
Kaur Bajaj (“Kuldip”). Kuldip made a will and she appointed her brothers,
Paramjit and Manbir, as her executors. Upon Kuldip’s death on 17 June 1980,
her four children, including the plaintiffs, became entitled to her estate.

6 In 1982, while the plaintiffs were still minors, the maternal uncles, in
their capacity as trustees of the trust property, sold the said property to
the paternal uncles. According to the plaintiffs, the trust property was sold
for RM50,000. However, this is not borne out by the evidence and Paramjit
testified that apart from this sum, the paternal uncles also paid the maternal
uncles S$250,000 for the trust property. The S$250,000 was spent on
renovations to Kuldip’s house at No 1 Goodman Road. After the said renovations
had been completed, the plaintiffs and their siblings moved into that house.
The property at Goodman Road was subsequently sold by the plaintiffs and their
siblings in 2001 for S$2,000,000.

7 Sukhpreet and Bhupinder, who are now aged 40 and 35 years respectively,
asserted that the trust property had been sold at an undervalue by the
maternal uncles to the paternal uncles in 1982. Hence, they instituted the
present action against their maternal and paternal uncles.

8 Before the trial commenced, the plaintiffs withdrew their claim against
their maternal uncles for breach of their duties as trustees. According to
them, this step was taken because Paramjit is presently a bankrupt while
Manbir cannot be contacted as he now resides in India. As it turned out,
Paramjit then agreed to become the plaintiffs’ witness.

9 At the close of the plaintiffs’ case, counsel for the paternal uncles, Mr
Philip Jeyaretnam SC (“Mr Jeyaretnam”), informed the court that his clients
took the position that there was no case to answer and that they would not be
giving any testimony.

Effect of a Submission of No Case to Answer

10 The effect of the paternal uncles’ submission that there was no case to
answer must first be considered. In _Bansal Hermant Govindprasad v Central
Bank of India_ [2003] 2 SLR 33, Chao Hick Tin JA, who delivered the judgment
of the Court of Appeal, referred to the decision of the English Court of
Appeal in _Storey v Storey_ [1960] 3 All ER 279, and accepted that there were
two situations in which a submission of no case to answer may be made by a
defendant. The first situation is where even if the plaintiff’s evidence is
accepted on the face of it, no case has been made out against the defendant.
The second situation is where the plaintiff’s evidence is so unsatisfactory or
unreliable that the plaintiff’s burden of proof has not been discharged.

11 The plaintiffs asserted that their paternal uncles took the position that
there was no case to answer because they wanted to avoid cross-examination.
That may well be true but the plaintiffs have only themselves to blame because
the way they ran their case was most unsatisfactory. The paternal uncles’
counsel, Mr Jeyaretnam, asserted that there were a number of important flaws
in the plaintiffs’ case, including the following:

(a) The claim was time-barred;

(b) There was no credible evidence that the trust property had been sold at an
undervalue;

(c) On the basis of the pleadings, there was no evidence that the paternal
uncles owed any fiduciary duty to the plaintiffs;

(d) There was no evidence of any breach of trust by the maternal uncles; and

(e) There was no evidence of any misrepresentation by the paternal uncles.

Time-bar and laches

12 Although the sale of the trust property took place in 1982 when the
plaintiffs were minors, it was not until 2006, some 24 years later, and _long
after the plaintiffs had attained the age of majority_ , that the present
action was initiated against their maternal and paternal uncles. In view of
this, it is not surprising that the paternal uncles pleaded that the action
was time-barred by virtue of s 6 of the Limitation Act (Cap 163, 1996, Rev
Ed). They added that in any case, the question of laches arose because the
plaintiffs were guilty of prolonged, inordinate and inexcusable delay in
instituting the present action against them.

**_The Limitation Act_**

13 It is astonishing that the plaintiffs pleaded nothing specific in response
to their paternal uncles’ defence of limitation of action and laches. It was
only in their closing written submissions, which were forwarded to the court
out of time, that the question of limitation was addressed.

14 The plaintiffs had to bring their cause of action within the ambit of s
22(1) or s 29 of the Limitation Act in order to avoid the time-bar in s 6 of
the Act. However, they made no reference to s 22(1) or s 29 in their Statement
of Claim, and they did not file a reply to the assertions with respect to the
time-bar in the Defence.

15 Section 22(1) of the Limitation Act provides as follows:

No period of limitation prescribed by this Act shall apply to an action by a
beneficiary under a trust, being an action –

(a) in respect of any fraud or fraudulent breach of trust to which the trustee
was a party or privy; or

(b) to recover from the trustee trust property or the proceeds thereof in the
possession of the trustee, or previously received by the trustee and converted
to his use.

16 The plaintiffs are in no position to rely on s 22(1) of the Limitation Act
for two reasons. To begin with, they did not plead fraud on the part of any of
the defendants as trustees so as to bring the case within the embrace of limb
(a) of s 22(1). Secondly, they cannot rely on limb (b) of s 22(1) in their
action against their paternal uncles because the trustees of the trust
property were their maternal uncles and not their paternal uncles.

17 As for s 29(1) of the Limitation Act, the relevant part is as follows:

Where, in the case of any action for which a period of limitation is
prescribed by this Act –

(a) the action is based upon the fraud of the defendant ….

(b) The right of action is concealed by the fraud of any such person as
aforesaid; ….

The period of limitation shall not begin to run until the plaintiff has
discovered the fraud ….. or could with reasonable diligence have discovered
it.

18 As has been mentioned, the above statutory provision was not pleaded by the
plaintiffs and no evidence was furnished by them as to how it may be relevant
in the present case. As such, it need not be considered any further.

19 For the reasons stated, I hold that the plaintiffs’ action against their
paternal uncles is time-barred.

**_Laches_**

20 Whatever may be the position in relation to the Limitation Act, the
question of laches arises in the circumstances of this case. At the outset, it
may be noted that s 32 of the Limitation Act provides as follows:

Nothing in this Act shall affect any equitable jurisdiction to refuse relief
on the ground of acquiescence, laches or otherwise.

21 When considering the corresponding English provision in _Green v Gaul_
(also known as _Loftus, decd, In re_) [2006] EWCA Civ 1124, [2007] 1 WLR 591,
Chadwick LJ noted (at [33]) as follows:

Section 36(2) of the Limitation Act 1980 provides, in terms, that: “Nothing in
this Act shall affect any equitable jurisdiction to refuse relief on the
ground of acquiescence or otherwise”…. At first sight, therefore, it is
difficult to see how an express provision in the 1980 Act that no period of
limitation prescribed by the Act shall apply to the claim – or, more
generally, the absence of any provision in the Act which does, on a true
analysis, prescribed a period of limitation in respect of the claim – can have
the effect of excluding a defence of laches if, on the facts, such a defence
would otherwise be available.

22 The above approach was endorsed by Sundaresh Menon JC in _Re Estate of Tan
Kow Quee (alias Tan Kow Kwee)_ [2007] 2 SLR 417 (“ _Tan Kow Quee”_) (at [29] –
[30]).

23 As for what laches entails, in Underhill and Hayton’s _Law Relating to
Trusts and Trustees_ , the authors, quoting from _Lindsay Petroleum Co v Hurd_
(1874) 5 LR PC 221 (“ _Lindsay Petroleum_ ”) (at 239-240), stated (at p 1139):

Laches consists of a substantial lapse of time coupled with circumstances
“where it would be practically unjust to give a remedy either because the
party has by his conduct done that which might fairly be regarded as
equivalent to a waiver of it, or where by his conduct and neglect he has,
though perhaps not waiving that remedy, yet put the other party in a situation
in which it would not be reasonable to place him if the remedy were afterwards
asserted.

24 In _Scan Electronics (S) Pte Ltd v Syed Ali Redha Alsagoff_ [1997] 3 SLR 13
(“ _Scan Electronics_ ”), Karthigesu JA, who delivered the judgment of the
Court of Appeal, also referred (at [20]) to _Lindsay Petroleum_ as authority
for the proposition that “unreasonable delay or negligence in pursuing a right
or claim, particularly an equitable one, may disentitle the plaintiff to
relief”.

25 In _Frawley v Neill_ [2000] CP Rep 20, Aldous LJ enunciated what he termed
a “more modern approach” to determine whether the defence of laches is
available in the following terms (at [32]):

[T]he more modern approach should not require an inquiry as to whether the
circumstances can be fitted within the confines of a pre-conceived formula
derived from old cases. The inquiry should require a broad approach directed
to ascertaining whether it would in all the circumstances be unconscionable
for a party to be permitted to assert his beneficial right. No doubt the
circumstances which gave rise to a particular result in decided cases are
relevant to the question whether or not it would be conscionable or
unconscionable for the relief to be asserted, but each case has to be decided
on its facts applying the broad approach.

26 In _Patel v Shah_ [2005] WTLR 359 (at [32]), the English Court of Appeal
approved of Aldous LJ’s modern approach and held that the claims before the
court were barred by, _inter alia_ , the doctrine of laches, even though they
were not statute-barred.

27 In a number of cases before our courts, the defendants were held to be
entitled to relief under the doctrine of laches. In _Ching Mun Fong (executrix
of the estate of Tan Geok Tee, deceased) v Liu Cho Chit (No 2)_ [2000] 4 SLR
610, the plaintiff instituted an action against the defendant to recover
USD642,451.04 on, _inter alia_ , the ground that the defendant’s retention of
that sum gave rise to a remedial constructive trust. Woo JC made it clear (at
[158]) that even if the plaintiff’s claim was not within the ambit of the
limitation periods prescribed in the Limitation Act, the court’s equitable
jurisdiction to refuse relief on the ground of acquiescence, laches or
otherwise was unaffected. Woo JC followed the Court’s reasoning in _Scan
Electronics_ ([24] _supra_) and held that the plaintiff’s claim was defeated
by laches because there had been unreasonable delay or negligence on her part
in pursuing her claim.

28 More recently, in _Tan Kow Quee_ , where a beneficiary sued the personal
representatives of the deceased’s estate, Menon JC noted (at [39(a)]) that as
the action concerned the administration of the estate of a person who passed
away some 50 years ago, the delay in commencing the action was a “considerable
one by any yardstick”. He pointed out that the defendants had incurred
substantial expenditure to renovate the disputed property as the plaintiffs
had given no indication of any intention to claim anything more than what they
had already received. As such, the claim was dismissed.

29 In the present case, the plaintiffs did not adduce any evidence as to why
they took such an inordinately long time to sue their paternal uncles. In his
closing submissions, counsel for the plainitffs, Mr Rey Foo Jong Han (“Mr
Foo”), claimed that the plaintiffs had been “kept in the dark”. However, even
if the fact that the plaintiffs were minors in 1982 is taken into account,
they attained the age of majority quite some time ago. As mentioned earlier,
Sukhpreet is 40 years old while Bhupinder is 35 years old. Both of them are
not uneducated persons. Sukhpreet has a degree in management from La Trobe
University while Bhupinder has a Diploma in Business Studies.

30 Paramjit, one of the maternal uncles and an executor of Kuldip’s estate,
testified that he met the plaintiffs now and then. In view of this, the
plaintiffs could have consulted him about the circumstances of the sale of the
trust property in 1982 had they wanted to do so. It is worth noting that the
relationship between Paramjit and the plaintiffs was warm enough for at least
two decades after the sale of the trust property in 1982. After all, in 2001,
when the plaintiffs and their siblings sold their property at No 1 Goodman
Road for $2,000,000, they agreed to lend Paramjit a large portion of the sale
proceeds. Paramjit admitted when cross-examined that the loan amount was
$700,000 to $800,000 and that he still owed his nephews and nieces around
$100,000. It must thus be assumed that had the plaintiffs wanted to act
against their paternal uncles at a much earlier date, they could have sought
more information from their maternal uncles about the circumstances of the
sale of the trust property to their paternal uncles in 1982.

31 In these circumstances, it is hardly surprising that the paternal uncles
pleaded in their Defence that the plaintiffs had “24 years to avail themselves
of the particulars relied on in their Statement of Claim” and that in spite of
having had the opportunity to make any claim with respect to the transfer of
the trust property in 1982, they filed their claim some 24 years later in
2006. The paternal uncles thus asserted that the plaintiffs were guilty of
prolonged, inordinate and inexcusable delay in bringing this action and had
waived their rights, if any, to make a claim against them.

32 The paternal uncles had ordered their affairs on the basis that there were
no claims against them in relation to the transfer of the trust property to
them in 1982 and they would be prejudiced by the plaintiffs’ prolonged,
inordinate and inexcusable delay in commencing this action. The plaintiffs had
also benefited from the sale, which was considered to be in their best
interest by their maternal uncles and their extended family, as their home at
No 1 Goodman Road had been renovated for them and it was subsequently sold at
a hefty profit. In view of the plaintiffs’ delay and the prejudice that this
late action would cause, the question of laches arises and the inevitable
conclusion is that it is now too late for the plaintiffs to institute the
present action against their paternal uncles.

No expert evidence on the value of the trust property in 1982

33 Apart from the time-bar and laches, another fatal flaw in the plaintiffs’
claim is that they furnished no expert evidence on the value of the trust
property in 1982. Where there has been an allegation that property has been
sold at an undervalue, it is axiomatic that expert evidence on the real value
of the property at the time of sale, as contrasted with the price offered,
must be produced. The historical value of property is a category of “special
knowledge” (see G D Nokes, An Introduction to Evidence (4th ed, at 177)) for
which the opinion of an expert witness would be relevant pursuant to s 47 of
the Evidence Act (Cap 97, 1997, Rev Ed) and necessary.

34 In _Brown v Beat_ [2002] BPIR 421, where the plaintiff sued his agents for
having sold his property at an undervalue, Hart J stressed that it is “
_fundamentally unsatisfactory_ ” for an application to be made in relation to
the sale of property at an undervalue if there is a _complete absence of any
expert evidence_ that the property was sold at an undervalue. His Lordship
went so far as to add that in the absence of expert evidence supportive of the
client’s case, _to embark on litigation would simply be “foolhardy”_.

35 The requirement of proper expert evidence is so stringent that even if an
expert on property values is called to testify, a distinction is made between
evidence that is within his expertise and his hearsay evidence on property
values. In _English Exporters (London) Ltd v Eldonwall Ltd_ [1973] 1 Ch 415,
the court had occasion to add that hearsay evidence given by the expert
himself on the value of property was of too little probative value to be
admitted.

36  Why the plaintiffs did not furnish any expert evidence on the value of the
trust property in 1982 cannot be fathomed. Although Paramjit said that he
“felt sorry” for the plaintiffs, he offered nothing other than his personal
opinion that the trust property “was worth more”. Instead of introducing
expert evidence to guide the court on the value of the trust property in 1982,
the plaintiffs sought to rely on some facts, which could lead to the inference
that the sale of the trust property had been at an undervalue. These are as
follows:

(a) a purported “list” of further assets of Bhagwan;

(b) an affidavit of their paternal grandmother in 1978; and

(c) the acquisition of part of the trust property by the Malaysian government
in 1983.

37 The purported “list” of further assets was annexed to the Statement of
Claim (Amendment No 1) and marked “Annex B”. According to the plaintiffs, the
properties referred to in this list should be added to the original list of
assets within Bhagwan’s estate. The intention was to show that Bhagwan’s
estate was more extensive than first thought. However, this argument did not
get off the ground for apart from the fact that the document in question was
not put into any of the trial bundles of documents, agreed or otherwise, no
attempt was made by the plaintiffs to prove the authenticity or accuracy of
the document in question. Thus, the court was left in the dark as to who drew
up the “list” and whether or not the properties described in the “list” were
indeed a part of Bhagwan’s estate. As such, the “list” of further assets must
be wholly disregarded.

38 As for the paternal grandmother’s affidavit, this was filed in relation to
her application to the Malaysian courts in Originating Summons No 230 of 1978
for permission to sell a piece of property that was a part of Bhagwan’s estate
for RM150,000. However, the fact that permission was sought by the
grandmother, who was then the executrix of Bhagwan’s estate in 1978 does not
prove the value of the trust property four years later.

39 As for the acquisition in 1983 of part of Bhagwan’s estate by the Malaysian
government for RM3,759,660, while one may be tempted to draw inferences from
this, the fact remains that no expert evidence was tendered and the court was
left in the dark as to whether or not property market conditions in Malaysia,
and more specifically, in Kuala Lumpur, were the same in 1982 and 1983 or
whether the permitted use of the land, which has an effect on property prices,
had remained the same.

40 In short, no matter how much one may sympathise with the plaintiffs, they
should not have embarked on this suit against their paternal uncles without
bothering to obtain any expert opinion on the value of the trust property in
1982.

**_Pleadings do not reveal a breach of fiduciary duty_**

41 Apart from furnishing no expert evidence on the value of the trust property
in 1982, the plaintiffs’ case in relation to a breach of fiduciary duty by
their paternal uncles was unclear. They pleaded in their Statement of Claim as
follows (at [12]):

In acquiring the One-Sixth Share at an undervalue, the 3rd and 4th Defendants
acted in breach of their fiduciary duty to the Plaintiffs and/or acted in an
unconscionable manner.

_Particulars of breach of fiduciary duty and unconscionable conduct_

a The 3rd and 4th Defendants were trustees of the Husband’s (the Plaintiff’s
father) estate.

b The 3rd and 4th Defendants were also, like the Husband, beneficiaries in
their own right in the estate of their father [Bhagwan].

c _As such_ , they were aware of the true extent and assets of [Bhagwan] and
the One-Sixth Share

d Therefore, they owed a fiduciary duty to the Plaintiffs.

[emphasis added]

42 The plaintiffs’ claim must be determined according to their pleadings.
Their assertion that there was a breach of fiduciary duty because their
paternal uncles were the trustees of their father’s estate made no sense at
all. After all, the case concerns Kuldip’s estate and not Manjit’s estate,
which was worth only $53. More importantly, Manjit outlived his wife and died
in 2001, some 20 years _after_ the sale of the trust property. How the fact
that the paternal uncles became the trustees of Manjit’s estate created a
fiduciary relationship relevant to the alleged sale of the trust property at
an undervalue in 1982 was not explained to the court.

43 As for the plaintiffs’ assertion that there was a breach of fiduciary duty
because the paternal uncles were also, like Manjit, beneficiaries in their own
right of Bhagwan’s estate, it was not explained how this created a fiduciary
duty. Elsewhere in their pleadings, the plaintiffs pointed out that the fact
that they were minors when the trust property was sold was known to their
paternal uncles. However, the paternal uncles negotiated with the maternal
uncles, who were the executors of Kuldip’s estate, and not with the
plaintiffs. The maternal uncles were certainly not novices in business
matters. Indeed, when cross-examined, Paramjit, testified that he was a
successful businessman at the time the trust property was sold by him and his
brother to the paternal uncles in 1982. He was then a co-owner of Satnam
House, a very valuable commercial building in High Street, Singapore, and a
director of Bajwa Textiles. It was not pleaded that there was any collusion
between the maternal and paternal uncles. Paramjit was emphatic that he and
his fellow executor had consulted the extended family, including the
plaintiffs’ grandmother and all of them thought that the sale in question was
in the interest of the plaintiffs.

44 In his closing submissions, counsel for the plaintiffs, Mr Foo, asserted
that the paternal uncles were administrators of their grandfather’s estate in
1982 and in that capacity, they owed the plaintiffs a fiduciary duty. However,
this was not pleaded by the plaintiffs. Admittedly, the plaintiffs pointed out
that in the answer to paragraph 12(c) of the Particulars Served Pursuant to
the Order of Court dated 5 May 2008 with respect to how the paternal uncles
became aware of the true extent and assets of Bhagwan, they had stated that
their paternal uncles were “made aware of the assets of [Bhagwan] through the
probate documents in respect of [Bhagwan’s] estate” and that their paternal
uncles were also “administrators of the estate of [Bhagwan]”. However, counsel
for the paternal uncles, Mr Jeyaretnam, pointed out that the last sentence
could not be relied on to found a different cause of action from that pleaded
in the main body of the Statement of Claim. He added as follows (at [17] and
[18]) of his closing written submissions:

First, it was not pleaded, and therefore, not relied on, as a specific fact
giving rise to a fiduciary duty owed by the 3rd and 4th Defendants to the
Plaintiffs, but a fact which the Plaintiffs sought to rely on only for the
purpose of the 3rd and 4th Defendants’ knowledge of the extent of [the]
Grandfather’s assets, in their capacity as beneficiaries of the Grandfather’s
estate.

Secondly, if it is attempted to set it up as a new cause of action – ie a
claim against the 3rd and 4th Defendants as administrators of the estate of
[Bhagwan] - then it is not an answer to the particulars requested. …

45 As a general rule, a party cannot, without more, introduce a new cause of
action by volunteering particulars: see _Multi-Pak Singapore Pte Ltd (in
receivership) v Intraco Ltd and Others_ [1992] 2 SLR 793; affirmed by the
Court of Appeal [1993] 2 SLR 113. At this juncture, it should be noted that
the plaintiffs were specifically asked during the trial whether they wanted to
amend their pleadings to take into account their assertion that the paternal
uncles were the executors of Bhagwan’s estate and their counsel, Mr Foo,
informed the court that his clients were not going to seek leave to amend
their pleadings. This was, to say the least, a rather strange position to
adopt and the plaintiffs must live with the consequences of their decision.

46 After the trial had ended, the plaintiffs sought to admit documents that
showed that their paternal uncles were indeed administrators of Bhagwan’s
estate at the time of the sale. However, as the plaintiffs had not pleaded
this fact and had declined to amend their pleadings during the trial to
reflect this assertion, the application to admit the fresh documents did not
relate to the issues pleaded with respect to the paternal uncles’ alleged
breach of fiduciary duty. As such, it served no purpose to consider the
admission of the fresh documents.

**_Knowing receipt_**

47 Although it was not specifically pleaded, the plaintiffs also asserted in
their counsel’s closing submissions that a constructive trust should be
imposed because of knowing receipt by the paternal uncles of property that was
passed to them in breach of trust by the maternal uncles. There were problems
with this line of argument. To begin with, one of the elements for liability
for knowing receipt is “knowledge on the part of the defendant that the assets
he received are traceable to a breach of fiduciary duty” (see the Court of
Appeal’s judgment in _Caltong (Australia) Pty Ltd (fka Tong Tien See Holding
(Australia) Pty Ltd) & Anor v Tong Tien See Construction Pte Ltd(in
liquidation)_ [2002] 3 SLR 241 (at [31]), citing the words of Lord Hoffmann in
_El Ajou v Dollar Land Holdings_ [1994] 2 All ER 685 at 700). It follows that
the plaintiffs had to establish knowledge on the part of the paternal uncles
that their receipt of trust property was traceable to a breach of trust by the
maternal uncles. The plaintiffs failed to establish such knowledge on the part
of the paternal uncles. Apart from the fact that the plaintiffs withdrew their
action against their maternal uncles for breach of trust, it remained unclear
after the trial what breach of trust had allegedly been committed by the
maternal uncles.

48 The plaintiffs complained that their maternal uncles “did not value nor
ascertain the nature of the trust property”. This may mean that they were
negligent but whether this involved a breach of trust is another thing
altogether. It is worth noting that in _Bristol and West Building Society_ _v
Mathew_ [1998] Ch 1 (at 17), Millet LJ, approving a comment by Ipp J in
_Permanent Building Society v Wheeler_ (1994) 14 ACSR 109 (at 157), said as
follows:

It is essential to bear in mind that the existence of a fiduciary relationship
does not mean that every duty owed by a fiduciary to the beneficiary is a
fiduciary duty. In particular, a trustee’s duty to exercise reasonable care,
though equitable, is not specifically a fiduciary duty ….

49 When cross-examined, Paramjit did not admit to any breach of trust. As has
been mentioned, he said that the decision to sell the trust property to the
paternal uncles was a decision taken by the executors of Kuldip’s estate and
the extended family, including the plaintiffs’ maternal grandmother, in the
interest of the beneficiaries of the trust property. It follows that the
question of knowing receipt of property disposed of in breach of trust does
not arise.

Misrepresentation

50 Although the plaintiffs alleged that the paternal uncles misrepresented the
value of the trust property to the maternal uncles, this was not borne out by
the evidence and the plaintiffs accepted in their closing submissions (at
[80]) that “no substantial evidence was led in respect of any
misrepresentation” by their paternal uncles. That being the case, the question
of misrepresentation need not be further considered.

Conclusion

51 The manner in which the plaintiffs pursued their claim against their
maternal uncles left much to be desired. They did not, in their pleadings,
counter their paternal uncles’ assertion that their claim was barred by the
Limitation Act and by laches. In any case, the plaintiffs failed to establish
through expert evidence that the sale in 1982 was at an undervalue. They also
failed to properly plead the nature of the fiduciary relationship owed by the
paternal uncles to them and, when invited to amend their pleadings during the
trial, they declined to do so. For the reasons stated, the plaintiffs’ claim
is dismissed with costs.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 13 Nov 2008 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

