Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Tan Wee Fong and Others v Denieru Tatsu F&B Holdings (S) Pte Ltd  
[2008] SGHC 238

Case Number | : | Suit 461/2008, RA 361/2008  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 24 December 2008  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Lee Seiu Kin J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Ramesh Bharani (Straits Law Practice LLC) for the plaintiff; Lawrence Lim Cheng Hock (Matthew Chiong Partnership) for the defendant   
Parties | : |  Tan Wee Fong; Ng Seng Guan; Heng Boon Thai — Denieru Tatsu F&B Holdings (S) Pte Ltd   
  
Civil Procedure  
  

24 December 2008 |   
---|---  
  
Lee Seiu Kin J:

1 This is an appeal against the decision of the assistant registrar in Summons
No 3607 of 2008 in Suit No 461 of 2008 in which he dismissed, with costs, the
defendant’s application for an order for the plaintiffs to provide security
for costs in this action.

2 The three plaintiffs in this action (respectively, Tan, Ng and Heng) are
Malaysians and residents in Malaysia. The defendant is a company incorporated
in Singapore.

3 According to the statement of claim, Tan and Heng were single unit
franchisees of Shihlin Taiwan Street Snacks (“Shihlin Taiwan”) and its Quick
Service System (“the Franchise”) in Johor Bahru since November 2006. They have
been operating the Shihlin Taiwan and the Franchise at City Square, Johor
Bahru since December of that year. The defendant is the owner/franchiser of
Shihlin Taiwan and the Franchise. After negotiations that commenced in late
December 2007 or early January 2008, the plaintiffs entered into an agreement
(“the Agreement”) to purchase from the defendant the right to operate the
Franchise in the whole of Malaysia for a period of eight years from 1 May
2008. In April 2008, pursuant to the Agreement, the plaintiffs paid the
defendant a one-time partnership fee of US$100,000 and a further payment of
US$105,000 being 60% of the outlet fee of US$7,000 for each of 25 outlets. The
plaintiffs also incurred further expenses amounting to about $45,000, mainly
in rental and equipment, in preparation for the launch of the business.
However, on 29 May 2008, the defendant’s solicitors wrote a letter that the
plaintiffs construe as a repudiation of the Agreement. After unsuccessful
attempts by the plaintiffs to contact the defendant, their solicitors wrote to
the defendant on 27 June 2008 to accept the repudiation and terminate the
Agreement. The plaintiffs filed this suit for damages amounting to $321,120.15
for wrongful repudiation. The plaintiffs also seek loss of profits amounting
to some $5m as well as a refund of a payment of $77,541.60 made by the
plaintiffs to the defendant on 26 May 2008 for stocks of food and packaging
products that were never delivered.

4 In its defence, the defendant pleaded that the plaintiffs had breached a
term of the Agreement that prohibited the plaintiffs from attempting to employ
any of the defendant’s employees and had tried to employ two of them on
several occasions. The defendant counterclaimed against the plaintiff for
liquidated damages in the sum of US$1,025,000 pursuant to clause 2.1 and
clause 7 of the Agreement, or, alternatively, loss and damages by reason of
the plaintiffs’ breach of the terms of the Agreement.

5 In its reply and defence to counterclaim, the plaintiffs deny that they had
attempted to employ the persons as alleged by the defendant. The plaintiffs
further averred that, in any event, such breach did not entitle the defendant
to terminate the Agreement. The plaintiffs averred that the liquidated damages
clause amounted to a penalty and was not enforceable.

6 In _Creative Elegance (M) Sdn Bhd v Puay Kim Seng and Another_ [1999] 1 SLR
600, the Court of Appeal refused an order for security for costs and held that
in considering such an application, the court must examine all the
circumstances of the case before concluding whether it was just to order
security for costs. The court stated that the fact that the plaintiff was
ordinarily resident outside the jurisdiction did not attract an order for
security for costs as a matter of course, although this fact might tip the
balance in favour of the order. One of the relevant factors was the strength
or weakness of the plaintiff’s claim and the court found that the plaintiff in
that case had a _bona fide_ claim against the defendants, with a reasonable
prospect of success in their claim.

7 In the case before me, the plaintiffs had paid upfront fees of about
$276,000 and paid another $77,000 to the defendant (or its allied company) for
goods that had not been delivered. The alleged breach consists of soliciting
the employment of two executives who do not appear to be of great seniority
and certainly not alleged to be so by the defendant. Based on these alleged
transgressions, the defendant asserted the right to terminate the Agreement
after the plaintiffs had advanced them as much as $350,000 and further, the
right to claim liquidated damages of more than $1m. The plaintiffs’ submission
that the liquidated damages clause is a penalty must certainly be seen in this
light. I also note that the defendant’s counterclaim is based entirely on its
defence. I am satisfied that, as matters stand, the plaintiffs at the very
least have a _bona fide_ claim against the defendant with a reasonable
prospect of success in both their claim and their defence to the counterclaim.

8 Another relevant factor is the fact that the Agreement provides, in clause
9.6, that the courts of Singapore have exclusive jurisdiction over any
disputes except that the defendant may waive this in favour of Malaysian
courts. This means that, unless the defendant consents, the plaintiffs have no
choice but to pursue their remedies in Singapore. The availability of
reciprocal enforcement of Singapore judgments in Malaysia is also a relevant
factor to be considered.

9 I was of the view that, having regard to all the circumstances of the case,
it would not be just to order the plaintiffs to provide security for costs.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 24 Dec 2008 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

