Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Lim Quee Choo v Tan Jin Sin and Others  
[2008] SGHC 133

Case Number | : | Suit 401/2007  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 15 August 2008  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Chan Seng Onn J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Johnny Cheo Chai Beng (Cheo Yeoh & Associates LLC) for the plaintiff; Chelva R Rajah SC (Counsel) and Suppiah Thanaveloo (Thanga & Co) for the defendants; Seethapathy s/o Mannapuri Padmanabham (S Nabham) for the 3rd defendant   
Parties | : |  Lim Quee Choo — Tan Jin Sin; Lim Lee Chin; Dauphin Offshore Engineering & Trading Pte Ltd   
  
Contract  
  

15 August 2008 |   
---|---  
  
Chan Seng Onn J:

Introduction

1 This action arose out of an order of court made on 22 May 2007 by Lee Seiu
Kin J. on hearing an application in OS 2188 of 2006/C (“OS”) by Tan Jin Sin
and Lim Lee Chin (the 1st and 2nd plaintiffs in the OS) in which Lim Quee Choo
(the 1st defendant in the said OS) was ordered to pursue its counterclaim as
if the matter had been commenced by writ of summons. In this OS, Dauphin
Offshore Engineering & Trading Pte Ltd (“Dauphin”) was the 2nd defendant.

2 As ordered, this suit no 401/2007/S was commenced by Lim Quee Choo as the
plaintiff. The others, namely, Tan Jin Sin, Lim Lee Chin and Dauphin were
respectively named the 1st, 2nd and 3rd defendants in this action.

3 Counsel for the plaintiff and the 1st and 2nd defendants informed me at the
commencement of the trial that they would not be calling any witnesses. The
parties agreed to rely entirely on an agreed statement of facts and argue only
on the construction of two documents, namely, the “AGREEMENT MADE THIS 24TH
DAY OF FEBRUARY 2005” (“agreement”) and the “UNDERTAKING” (“undertaking”) also
of the same date.

4 In the form that the action now took, the plaintiff’s claim was entirely
against the 1st and 2nd defendants. The plaintiff no longer had any
substantive claim against the 3rd defendant. If so, the plaintiff should not
have added Dauphin as the 3rd defendant since the dispute no longer concerned
Dauphin, and this had to be reflected in the final order for costs.

5 For convenience, I now set out below the three important documents, namely,
the agreed statement of facts, the agreement and the undertaking.

Agreed statement of facts

_AGREED STATEMENT OF FACTS_

_The Parties_

1.1 The plaintiff and Wong Peng Luan are the co-administrators of the Estate
of Jit Meng Deceased (collectively “the Administrators”).

1.2 Tan Wah Leng (“Tan”) and her husband Thian Kim Hoe (“Thian”) were
directors in the 3rd Defendants and together were the registered owners of a
total of 8.5 million shares out of a total issued and paid up capital of 10
million shares in the 3rd Defendants.

1.3 The 1st defendant (“TJS”) is the brother of Tan and the 2nd defendant
(“LLC”) is the wife of TJS. TJS and LLC are the registered owners of a total
of 1 million and 500,000 shares respectively in the 3rd Defendants.

1.4 The lawyers representing the Plaintiff and the Administrators at that time
were Messrs David Rasif & Partners (“DRP”). Messrs Rajah & Tann acted for Tan
and Thian.

_Circumstances leading to the Documents of 24 th February 2005_

2\. The Administrators have obtained Judgment in Suit 232 against Tan and
Thian and pursuant thereto commenced execution proceedings to seize the 8.5
million shares in the 3rd Defendants registered in the names of Tan and Thian
by way of Writs of Seizure and Sale No 58 and 61/2004 (“the Writs”).

3\. The Sheriff had seized the 8.5 million shares and the next step in the
execution proceedings under the Writs was for an advertisement to be published
in the newspapers to elicit offers from the public for the 8.5 million shares.

4\. The Documents that were signed on 24th February 2005 are as follows:-

(a) An Agreement signed by the Administrators, Tan and Thian as well as TJS
and LLC (“the Agreement”);

_See page 1 to 3 of Agreed Bundle of Documents (“ABD”)_

(b) An Undertaking signed by TJS and LLC in favour of the Plaintiff (“the
Undertaking”);

_(Page 4 of ABD)_

(c) 2 Share Transfer Forms signed by TJS and LLC respectively in favour of the
plaintiff, one for 1 million shares and the other for 500,000 shares;

_(page 5 and 6 of ABD)_

(d) Waiver of Pre-Emptive Rights signed by Tan and Thian;

_(page 7 of ABD)_

5\. The 3rd Defendants were not party to the Documents.

6\. DRP wrote to the sheriff to proceed with the advertisement of the sale of
the 8.5 million shares by the letters of 05.04.2005, 06.04.2005, 08.04.2005
and 12.04.2005.

_(page 12, 15, 18 and 23 of ABD)_

7\. Further DRP corresponded with M/s Rajah & Tann and the exchange of
correspondence is as follows:-

(a) 17.03.2005 – from DRP to M/s Rajah & Tann _(page 8 of ABD);_

(b) 24.03.2005 – from DRP to M/s Rajah & Tann _(page 9 of ABD);_

(c) 30.03.2005 – from DRP to M/s Rajah & Tann _(page 10 of ABD);_

(d) 05.04.2005 – from DRP to M/s Rajah & Tann _(page 11 of ABD);_

(e) 06.04.2005 – from M/s Rajah & Tann to DRP _(page 13 of ABD);_

(f) 06.04.2005 – from DRP to M/s Rajah & Tann _(page 14 of ABD);_

(g) 07.04.2005 – from DRP to M/s Rajah & Tann _(page 16 of ABD);_

(h) 08.04.2005 – from DRP to M/s Rajah & Tann _(page 17 of ABD)._

8\. On 11 April 2005, The Sheriff wrote to Singapore Press Holdings Pte Ltd
enclosing the notice for sale and invitation to the public to bid for the
shares to be published in the newspapers.

_(page 19 to 21 of ABD)_

9\. On 11 April 2005, another creditor of the 3rd Defendants, Trios
Corporation (S) Pte Ltd (“Trios”) presented a winding up petition against the
3rd Defendants as well as bankruptcy proceedings against Tan and Thian. M/s
Pillai and Pillai who were acting for Trios wrote to the Sheriff on 11 April
2005.

_(page 22 of ABD)_

10\. The Sheriff wrote to DRP on 12 April 2005 that the advertisement would
only be made after the conclusion of these proceedings commenced by Trios. No
advertisement was ever published in the newspapers.

_(page 24 of ABD)_

11\. Tan and Thian did not satisfy the Judgment on 19 April 2005 or at any
time. Bankruptcy orders were made against them on 23 September 2005.

Agreement dated 24 February 2005

_AGREEMENT MADE THIS 24 TH DAY OF FEBRUARY 2005_

Between

LIM QUEE CHOO / WONG PENG LUAN (“the Plaintiffs”) on the first part.

And

TAN WAH LENG / THIAN KIM HOE (“the Defendants”) on the second part.

And

TAN JIN SIN / LIM LEE CHIN (“the Third Parties”) on the third part.

_WHEREAS_

A. The Plaintiffs have obtained Judgment against the Defendants in Suit No 232
of 2004/X in the High Court of Singapore.

B. The Plaintiffs have commenced enforcement action in Writ of Seizure and
Sale Nos. 58 and 61/2004/R in respect of 8,500,000 shares in Dauphin Offshore
Engineering & Trading Pte Ltd held by the Defendants.

C. The Plaintiffs are prepared, at the Defendants’ request, to withhold
enforcement in Writ of Seizure and Sale Nos 58 and 61/2004/R in accordance
with the terms and conditions in this Agreement.

_IN CONSIDERATION OF THE MUTUAL COVENANTS HEREIN, IT IS HEREBY AGREED THAT_ :

1\. Subject to clause 2 below, the Plaintiffs shall withhold further
enforcement action in Writ of Seizure and Sale Nos. 58 and 61/2004/R and shall
not take steps to advertise in any way the sale of the 8,500,000 shares in
Dauphin Offshore Engineering & Trading Pte Ltd held by the Defendants.

2\. The Defendants shall fully satisfy the Plaintiffs’ Judgment in Suit No 232
of 2004/X by 19 April 2005, failing which the Plaintiffs may continue with
their enforcement action in Writ of Seizure and Sale Nos. 58 and 61/2004/R.

3\. The Third Parties hereby irrevocably agree to transfer all their 1,500,000
shares in Dauphin Offshore Engineering & Trading Pte Ltd to Lim Quee Choo for
consideration of S$1.00 in the event the Defendants shall fail to comply with
Clause 2 above and fully satisfy the Plaintiffs’ said Judgment. Pursuant to
this Clause 3, the Third Parties shall forthwith execute transfer forms in
favour of Lim Quee Choo.

4\. The Defendants shall also pay the sum of S$15,200.00 being costs awarded
by the Courts so far, that remain unpaid on or before 24 March 2005. The
Defendants shall also make an interim payment of S$25,000.00 by 2 March 2005.

5\. This Agreement is confidential and all parties hereby undertake, in good
faith, to maintain the strictest confidence.

Signed, Sealed and Delivered )  
by THIAN KIM HOE ) signed by Thian Kim Hoe

Signed, Sealed and Delivered )  
by TAN WAH LENG ) signed by Tan Wah Leng

Signed, Sealed and Delivered )  
by LIM QUEE CHOO ) signed by Lim Quee Choo

Signed, Sealed and Delivered )  
by WONG PENG LUAN ) signed by Wong Peng Luan

Signed, Sealed and Delivered )  
by TAN JIN SIN ) signed by Tan Jin Sin

Signed, Sealed and Delivered )  
by LIM LEE CHIN ) signed by Lim Lee Chin

Witness: Raymond Ong (Advocate & Solicitor)

Witness: David Tan Hock Boon (Advocate & Solicitor)

Undertaking

To: LIM QUEE CHOO

_UNDERTAKING_

[1] We, TAN JIN SIN and LIM LEE CHIN hereby irrevocably undertake and
acknowledge that we agree to transfer all our 1,500,000 shares in Dauphin
Offshore Engineering & Trading Pte Ltd to Lim Quee Choo or nominee for a total
nominal consideration of S$1.00 in the event Tan Wah Leng / Thian Kim Hoe
shall fail to abide by the Agreement dated 24 February 2005 between Lim Quee
Choo / Wong Peng Luan on the first part and Tan Wah Leng / Thian Kim Hoe on
the second part and us collectively on the third part.

[2] This is in consideration of Lim Quee Choo / Wong Peng Luan forbearing to
proceed with the execution proceedings as set out in the said Agreement.

[3] Pursuant to this Undertaking, we enclose herewith our signed transfer
forms in your favour.

[4] We also undertake to sign all documents, pass all resolutions and do all
things necessary to effect the transfers.

Dated this 24th day of February 2005.

Signed: (Tan Jin Sin) Witness: Raymond Ong (Advocate & Solicitor)

(Lim Lee Chin)

_We, Tan Jin Sin and Lim Lee Chin acknowledge receipt of S$2/-_

_Signed: (Tan Jin Sin)/(Lim Lee Chin)_

[Numbering of the paragraphs in the above undertaking are mine.]

The Salient Facts

6 The largely undisputed material facts were as follows:

(a) On 23 March 2004, the plaintiff and Wong Peng Luan (“Wong”), as co-
administrators of the estate of Koh Jit Meng, commenced proceedings in Suit
No. 232/2004/X against Tan Wah Leng (“Tan”) (who owned 3.5 million shares in
Dauphin) and Thian Kim Hoe (“Thian”) (who owned 5 million shares in Dauphin).
The co-administrators obtained **_judgment_** against Tan and Thian (the
“judgment debtors”) **_for the sum of $3,381,656 and $12,000 costs_**
(“judgment debt”). The co-administrators then sought to execute on this
judgment. They seized 8.5 million Dauphin shares held by the judgment debtors
by way of two writs of seizure and sale Nos. 58 and 61 of 2004 (“WSS”).

(b) At the request of the judgment debtors, the co-administrators agreed,
_inter alia_ , to give some “breathing space” up to 19 April 2005 for the
judgment debtors to fully satisfy the judgment debt.

(c) Accordingly on 24 February 2005, an agreement by way of a deed was signed
by the co-administrators, the judgment debtors and the defendants. Subject to
the judgment debtors satisfying the judgment debt in full by 19 April 2005,
the co-administrators “** _shall withhold further enforcement action in the
Writ of Seizure and Sale Nos. 58 and 61/2004R and shall not take steps to
advertise in any way the sale of the 8,500,000 shares…_**.” For convenience,
this shall be referred to as “the prohibition” in clause 1 of the agreement.
In the event of the judgment debtors’ failure to fully satisfy the judgment
debt by the due date, the 1st and 2nd defendants (**hereinafter referred to as
“the defendants”**) agreed to transfer 1.5 million of their Dauphin shares to
the plaintiff for a nominal consideration of $1 and the co-administrators
would thereafter be entitled to continue with their enforcement action in the
WSS.

(d) On the same day that the agreement was signed, an undertaking was also
separately executed by the defendants in favour of the plaintiff, in which the
defendants undertook to transfer 1.5 million of their Dauphin shares to the
plaintiff for a nominal consideration of $1 should the judgment debtors **“
_fail to abide by the Agreement dated 24 February 2005._** ” The undertaking
was in consideration of the co-administrators **_“forbearing to proceed with
the execution proceedings as set out in the said Agreement.”_** The defendants
also acknowledged in writing their receipt of $2. Whether this $2 was further
consideration for their undertaking to the plaintiff would be discussed later.

(e) Pursuant to clause 3 of the agreement and pursuant to paragraph 3 of the
undertaking, two share transfer forms were executed in favour of the plaintiff
on the same day, one for the transfer of 1 million Dauphin shares signed by
the 1st defendant, and the other for the transfer of 500,000 Dauphin shares
signed by the 2nd defendant. The consideration for each of the transfers was
stated as the nominal sum of $1.

(f) For a nominal consideration of $1, both judgment debtors also signed
waivers of their pre-emptive rights in respect of the transfer of the 1.5
million Dauphin shares held by the defendants; and they confirmed that they
did not wish to purchase these shares and would not oppose the transfer of
these shares to the plaintiff.

(g) The signing of the waiver of pre-emption rights by the judgment debtors,
the execution of the transfer forms and the further undertaking by the
defendants to sign all documents, pass all resolutions and do all things
necessary to effect the transfers (see paragraph 4 of the undertaking),
indicated to me that the transfers were intended to be effected
**_immediately_** once the obligation arose (under either the agreement or the
undertaking or both) for the defendants to transfer a total of 1.5 million
Dauphin shares to the plaintiff for $1.

(h) The first interim payment of **_$25,000 due by 2 March 2005 under clause
4_** of the agreement was duly paid by the judgment debtors to the then
solicitors for the co-administrators, M/s David Rasif & Partners (“DRP”), on
17 February 2005.

(i)  ** _Under clause 4_** of the agreement, the second payment of **_$15,200
for the costs_** awarded by the courts was to be paid **_on or before 24 March
2005_**.

(j) Despite repeated reminders from DRP on 17 March 2005, 24 March 2005, 30
March 2005 and 5 April 2005 to the solicitors for the judgment debtors, M/s
Rajah & Tan (“RT”), no payment (or part payment) of $15,200 was forthcoming,
except mere promises to pay. The last letter in this series of letters from
DRP to RT on 5 April 2005 stated that:

“In the event we do not receive the sum of $15,200 by 2.00 p.m. today, our
clients’ strict instructions are to inform the Sheriff to proceed with the
sale of the shares owned by your clients immediately.”

When the judgment debtors failed to pay by 2.00 p.m., DRP wrote to instruct
the sheriff to proceed with the advertisement for the sale of the shares
immediately.

(k) However, on the following day, 6 April 2005, RT on behalf of the judgment
debtors proposed partial payment comprising a part payment of $5,000 by 7
April 2005 and another part payment of $5,000 by 8 April 2005, leaving
unaddressed the outstanding balance of $5,200.

[**_My finding_** : Bearing in mind that the second payment of $15,200 was
already overdue by 2 weeks, this written reply (to offer a payment of only
$10,000) clearly constituted a written repudiation by the judgment debtors of
their obligation to pay the **_full sum_** of $15,200 as agreed under clause 4
of the agreement.]

(l) On 6 April 2005, DRP replied agreeing with the proposed partial payment
but stated that the judgment debtors were in breach of the terms of the
“settlement.” DRP reiterated that in the event the judgment debtors failed to
pay as promised by 8 April 2005, the co-administrators would proceed with the
advertisement for the sale of the shares immediately. In the meantime, DRP
informed the sheriff to hold his hand.

(m) 7 April 2005 came and went without any payment of the first $5,000 as
promised. A reminder was sent to RT.

(n) 8 April 2005 came and went again without any payment of the second $5,000
as promised.

[**_My finding_** : In my view, the offer of two partial payments by the
judgment debtors was clearly a ruse to mislead the co-administrators to
believe that some part payment towards the long overdue second payment of
$15,200 would be forthcoming so as to keep their hopes of payment alive. I
could imagine the frustration felt by the co-administrators with the games
played by the judgment debtors at this time when no payment was received.]

(o) DRP then wrote to the sheriff on 8 April 2005 to proceed with the
advertisement of the WSS. On the same day, DRP also wrote to RT, notifying
them that the sheriff had been instructed to proceed with the advertisement
for the sale of the 8.5 million shares seized.

(p) On 11 April 2005, the sheriff wrote to Singapore Press Holdings Pte Ltd
(“SPH”) to publish the “Sheriff’s Notice of Sale” for WSS No 58 and 61 of
2004R on 13 April 2005.

(q) However on 11 April 2005, a creditor of Dauphin, Trios Corp (S) Pte Ltd,
presented a winding up petition against Dauphin and commenced bankruptcy
proceedings against the defendants.

(r) On the 12 April 2005, DRP instructed the sheriff to proceed with the
advertisement unless there was an order of court to stay such an action. The
sheriff replied to DRP that the advertisement would be made only after the
conclusion of the hearing of the company winding up petition to avoid any
complications which might arise if the advertisement for the sale was taken
out before the petition was heard.

(s) As a result of the winding up petition and the bankruptcy proceedings, the
sheriff did not proceed with the advertisement and no advertisement was
actually published in the newspapers.

(t) When the date came for payment of the judgment debt of **_$$3,381,656_**
**_and $12,000 costs due on 19 April 2005 under clause 2_** of the agreement,
**_the judgment debtors paid nothing_** to the co-administrators and that
judgment debt (less the interim payment of $25,000) together with the usual
interest thereon remained unsatisfied even up to the date of my decision. The
second payment of $15,200 for other costs due earlier on 24 March 2005 also
remained unpaid.

No breach of the prohibition in clause 1 of the agreement

7 The plaintiff maintained that on the facts, there was no breach of clause 1
of the agreement. The plaintiff accepted that clause 1 prohibited him from
taking any steps to advertise in any way the sale of the 8.5 million shares to
further its enforcement action in the WSS. But it did not apply to other modes
of execution such as bankruptcy or garnishee proceedings. Notwithstanding its
“sweeping” language, the plaintiff contended, and I agreed that in determining
the natural meaning of the prohibition, the applicable test must be how it
would be understood by a reasonable person, in the position of the addressee
of the document at the time when the agreement was made and having the
knowledge reasonably available to the parties. Accordingly, I accepted that
the following words in the prohibition bore the following meanings:

(a) “in any way” |  This was readily understood to refer to the mode of advertisement _i.e._ newspaper or in any other medium. The phrase “in any way” clearly referred to the word “advertise”.  
---|---  
(b) “shall not take steps to advertise” |  Read as a whole and in the context of the agreement, this phrase should mean “shall not publish” any advertisement. I did not think it was meant to cover mere “preparatory steps” or “attempts to publish” if the end result remained that there was no publication or advertisement effected at all in the newspapers or in other medium. I would not adopt a pure literal interpretation but a purposive interpretation having regard to the agreement as a whole and the intended purpose of clause 1 as far as the parties were concerned. If the prohibition was meant to cover “any preparatory step” e.g. getting the artwork ready, drafting the words to be used in the advertisement, giving instructions to the sheriff and sending the finalised version of the advertisement to the newspapers in anticipation of publication on a date in the future, then the prohibition ought to make that clear. A reasonable person interpreting clause 1 would not have expected clause 1 to be breached if only mere preparations were made but no advertisement was actually published. In other words, to a reasonable person in the position of the addressee, the normal understanding would be that so long as the addressee did not in fact publish any advertisement, no breach of clause 1 would have occurred and it would have been irrelevant whatever preparatory steps might have been taken with a view to publication. For instance, if preparations for advertisement were made in well advance so that there would be no delay whatsoever in having the publication immediately on the following day, 20 April 2005, should there be no payment of the judgment debt on 19 April 2005, would it therefore mean that there was already a breach of clause 1 of the prohibition simply because preparatory steps towards publication had in fact been taken? I did not think so. It would be stretching the intended purpose of those words if it was meant to cover a situation where even a single preparatory step would be sufficient to constitute a breach of the prohibition (and also a repudiatory breach of the agreement) when in reality, no publication or advertisement had in fact taken place. I therefore agreed with the plaintiff’s submission that the co-administrators were not prohibited from merely taking preparatory steps **_towards_** advertising the WSS if no advertisement was in fact published; and that simply writing to the sheriff to proceed to advertise did not, _per se_ , constitute taking steps to advertise the sale of the 8.5 million shares nor did it constitute further enforcement action under the WSS, so long as the advertisement did not appear in the newspapers.  
  
8 It was not disputed that no advertisement of the WSS was published. No
enforcement action was in fact carried out under the WSS apart from the mere
preparatory steps to advertise. There was no discernable loss which could be
established from those mere preparatory steps to advertise. I could therefore
see no prejudice to the judgment debtors and the defendants. All that the
defendants could really complain of was the fact that letters of 5, 6 and 8
April 2005 had been sent to the sheriff and the sheriff had written to SPH on
11 April 2005 instructing them to publish the advertisement on 13 April 2005,
which instruction was eventually withdrawn by the sheriff on 12 April 2005
despite a further letter on the same day from DRP instructing the sheriff to
proceed with the advertisement unless the sheriff was served with an order of
court to stay such action. Taken as a whole, these facts in my view were
insufficient to constitute a breach of clause 1 of the agreement as no
concrete step to further the enforcement action of the WSS by way of an actual
advertisement of the WSS had materialized in any way. The mischief sought to
be prevented by the prohibition in the agreement was to keep confidential the
sale of the 8.5 million shares that had been seized by the sheriff. But where
no publication had taken place, the purpose or intention behind the
prohibition had not been violated.

9 Accordingly, this case could simply be decided on this point alone and the
defendants would be obliged under the agreement to transfer the 1.5 million
Dauphin shares to the plaintiff for $1 since the judgment debt had remained
unsatisfied till date.

10 In case I was wrong on my interpretation, and if there was indeed a breach
of the prohibition, I would now proceed to deal with the alternative case of
the plaintiff **_on the assumption that (in fact and in law) a breach of
clause 1 by the co-administrators had occurred on the agreed facts_**.

Alternative case if there was a breach of the prohibition

**_Whether the forbearance to advertise and enforce the WSS was a condition
precedent?_**

11 The defendants submitted that the plaintiff’s obligation to them was to
allow the judgment debtors until 19 April 2005 to fully satisfy the judgment
debt and to withhold enforcement action and not take steps to advertise the
WSS until then. The defendants contended that it was the plaintiff’s only and
central obligation. It embodied the very heart of the arrangement, which was
for the defendants to transfer their 1.5 million Dauphin shares to the
plaintiff for $1 only if the judgment was not fully satisfied by 19 April
2005. Being the plaintiff’s core obligation, the defendants argued that it was
clearly a condition. The plaintiff breached it because on 5, 8 and 12 April
2005, three separate letters were sent by the plaintiff through DRP to
instruct the sheriff to proceed with the enforcement of the WSS and to
advertise the sale of the 8.5 million Dauphin shares. As such, the defendants
contended that they were thereby released from their obligation to transfer
their 1.5 million shares. It appeared to me that the defendants’ defence was
premised on some reasoning based on the concept of a condition precedent
blended with the concept of a total failure of the consideration of
forbearance.

12 It is trite law that a condition precedent to the **_formation_** of a
contract must be distinguished from a condition precedent to the
**_performance of an obligation_** under the contract. In the latter, the
contract has already come into being, but the obligation to perform has been
postponed until the fulfilment of certain specified conditions. Whereas in the
case of a condition precedent to the formation of a contract, there is no
contract in existence until after the specified condition has been fulfilled.

13 In the submissions, the parties did not make clear to me which kind of
condition precedent they were relying on. As such, I would first analyse the
factual situation on the assumption that they meant to utilise both types of
condition precedents in their arguments.

14 In this judgment, “clauses” referred to those in the agreement and
“paragraphs” referred to those in the undertaking.

15 The following four questions had to be answered:

(a) Whether or not clause 1 read with clause 2 was a condition precedent to
the **_formation of the agreement_**?

(b) Whether or not paragraph 2 read with clauses 1 and 2 constituted a
condition precedent to the** _formation of the unilateral contract of
undertaking_**?

(c) Whether or not clause 1 read with clause 2 was a condition precedent to
the **_performance of the obligation stipulated under clause 3_** for the
transfer of the 1.5 million shares?

(d) Whether or not paragraph 2 read with clauses 1 and 2 constituted a
condition precedent to the **_performance of the undertaking stipulated in
paragraph 1_** for the transfer of the 1.5 million shares?

**_My finding on the 1 st and 2nd questions_**

16 In my judgment, if clause 1 read with clause 2 (and read further with
paragraph 2 in the case of the undertaking) was a condition precedent to the
**_formation_** of both the agreement and the undertaking, then all the
parties had to wait until the 19 April 2005 before they could tell if the
agreement and undertaking had both come into existence. Until after the 19
April 2005, no one would be able to tell if the condition precedent would have
been fully satisfied _i.e._ the co-administrators had factually refrained from
taking any steps to enforce and advertise the WSS for the entire period ending
on 19 April 2005. It would have meant that the judgment debtors could with
impunity refuse to abide by clause 4 to pay $25,000 by 2 March 2005 and to pay
$15,200 by 24 March 2005, as these were obligations maturing **_well before_**
the 19 April 2005. It made no sense to me to have obligations set out in the
agreement and undertaking that would have matured **_even before_** it would
be known whether or not the condition precedent was satisfied in order for the
agreement and undertaking to come into existence.

17 If the defendants were correct, then any preparatory steps taken by the co-
administrators to advertise before 19 April 2005 would constitute a failure of
the condition precedent and no agreement or undertaking could factually come
into existence. No obligation could ever arise on the part of the defendants
to transfer their 1.5 million shares either under the agreement or the
undertaking, even if it subsequently transpired that there was in fact no
payment of the judgment debt by the judgment debtors either by 19 April 2005
or in this case, no payment at all.

18 In other words, any non-fulfilment of the condition precedent in clause 1
and 2 (and read further with paragraph 2) had completely prevented the “birth”
of the obligation of the defendants to transfer their 1.5 million shares to
the plaintiff, be it under the agreement or the undertaking.

19 Under these circumstances, the ancillary question would be whether the
other obligations of the judgment debtors spelt out in the agreement _i.e._
all the following three separate and independent payment obligations of the
judgment debtors, namely to pay:

(a) the interim payment of $25,000 due on 2 March 2005;

(b) the costs of $15,200 due on 24 March 2005; and

(c) the judgment debt of $3,381,656 and $12,000 costs due on 19 April 2005,

would _per se_ be automatically and retrospectively discharged simply because
of the slightest non-fulfilment of the condition precedent to the formation of
the agreement and the undertaking.

20 To construe clauses 1 and 2, and paragraph 2 as condition precedents to the
**_formation_** of the agreement and undertaking (as was apparently advocated
by the defendants), it would, for the reasons given above, be a rather
fanciful construction of the two documents, not borne out by any clear words.
I believed that such a fanciful construction could not have been in the
reasonable contemplation of the parties dealing with each other at arm’s
length or on a commercial basis. Nor could it be intended by them. It would
also have given a huge windfall to the judgment debtors in that any minimal
non-compliance with clauses 1 and 2 (including paragraph 2), for instance by
taking just one small preparatory step towards advertising the WSS (without an
actual advertisement eventually published in the newspaper), would in itself
be sufficient to release the judgment debtors entirely from the judgment debt
and all other sums payable, and the WSS would become totally unenforceable
thereafter. Furthermore, the defendants, who were substantively the
“guarantors” for the payments by the judgment debtors (under clause 3 and
paragraph 1) would also enjoy a windfall, and escape from their irrevocable
undertaking to transfer 1.5 million of their Dauphin shares to the plaintiff
in the event of a non-performance of any one of the above three payment
obligations by the judgment debtors.

21 I therefore rejected the construction that clauses 1 and 2, and paragraph 2
were conditions precedent to the formation of the agreement and the
undertaking as that would not accord with the intentions of the contracting
parties and would not accord with commercial sense.

**_My finding on the 3 rd and 4th questions_**

22 On the wordings in clause 3, I could only find one condition precedent to
the performance of the defendants’ obligation to transfer 1.5 million of their
shares _viz_ the condition precedent that there was a failure by the judgment
debtors to fully satisfy the judgment debt by 19 April 2005. But was there a
second condition precedent to be further satisfied?

23 Hence, the 3rd and 4th questions focussed on whether or not clauses 1 and 2
were to be construed as an **_additional_** condition precedent to the
performance of the defendants’ obligation in the agreement to transfer the
shares which was over and above that expressly set out under clause 3. In my
judgment, no such additional condition precedent existed. I could not find any
words that would indicate to me that the parties had intended a second
conjunctive condition precedent in addition to the required precedent event of
a failure by the judgment debtors to satisfy the judgment debt by 19 April
2005.

24 Similarly, neither could the forbearance to enforce the WSS and advertise
the sale of the 8.5 million shares under clauses 1 and 2 read together with
paragraph 2 create an additional conjunctive condition precedent for the
performance of the defendants’ obligation stipulated under paragraph 1 of the
undertaking to transfer the 1.5 million shares upon the event of a failure by
the judgment debtors **_to abide by_** _**all the terms in the agreement**_.

25 The fact that the co-administrators’ promise to forbear was described as
the “consideration” for the undertaking on the part of the defendants to
transfer the 1.5 million shares did not make paragraph 2 of the undertaking a
condition precedent to the performance of the undertaking. There had to be
clear words in the undertaking to make the “forbearance” a further pre-event
to be fulfilled before the defendants could be liable for their performance of
their obligation in paragraph 1 in the undertaking. But there was none.

26 I noted that the plaintiff had given $2 to the defendants for the
undertaking, the receipt of which was acknowledged by them. Although the
purpose for the payment of $2 was silent in the undertaking, I found that this
was given to the defendants as nominal consideration in support of the
undertaking. This form of nominal consideration to ensure the validity and
binding nature of the contractual undertakings would be good consideration in
law. That the consideration flowing from the promisee might have been
insufficient in value in comparison with the benefit that the promisee might
receive was irrelevant as it is trite law that the validity of the undertaking
to the promisee does not depend on the adequacy of the promisee’s
consideration but on the fact that the promisee has provided consideration for
the undertaking given by the promisor.

27 Since the “forbearance” to proceed with execution in paragraph 2 was stated
as a “consideration” for the undertaking, its nature was no different in my
view from the $2 consideration, both of which went more to the issue whether
or not the undertaking was in fact supported by any valuable consideration for
it to be valid and binding on the defendants.

28 With the $2 consideration given, there was really no further need to
consider if there was forbearance from the co-administrators up to the point
of the fulfillment of the condition precedent in paragraph 1 for the transfer
of the shares (although on the facts the co-administrators had dutifully given
full forbearance as consideration for the undertaking at least up to the date
of the failure by the judgment debtors to pay the $15,200 by the due date of
25 March 2005, whereupon the condition precedent in paragraph 1 was
satisfied). I would reiterate my opinion that the $2 was itself adequate and
good consideration to ensure that the plaintiff had in his hand a valid and
enforceable undertaking from the said defendants.

29 As an aside, there would also be no need to consider whether there was a
failure of the “consideration” of forbearance for the defendants’ irrevocable
agreement in clause 3 to transfer their shares upon the event of the
stipulated payment default because the **_agreement was by way of deed_**.
Being by deed, no further consideration need be given to the defendants to
ensure the enforceability of their unilateral promise in the agreement by the
defendants to transfer their 1.5 million shares to the plaintiff should the
event of non-satisfaction of the judgment debt arise.

30 In paragraph 1 of the undertaking, the defendants irrevocably undertook to
transfer their 1.5 million Dauphin shares for $1 to the plaintiff if the
judgment debtors “** _shall fail to abide by the Agreement”._** This was the
only condition precedent stated in the undertaking. A failure to “** _abide by
the agreement_** ” could not be limited to a breach only of clause 2, as the
defendants would like to contend. It must certainly include a breach of clause
4. On my construction of the undertaking, a breach of clause 4 clearly came
within the scope of those words in bold and underlined above.

31 In my judgment, the ambit of the condition precedent for the performance of
the defendants’ obligation (to transfer their 1.5 million Dauphin shares for
$1) embedded in paragraph 1 of the undertaking was very different from that
embedded within clause 3 of the agreement. The condition precedent in
paragraph 1 was much wider in scope because it had 3 separate, different and
identifiable triggering events:

(a) A default by the judgment debtors to pay an interim $25,000 by 2 March
2005 in breach of clause 4 of the agreement;

(b) A default by the judgment debtors to pay $15,200 costs by 25 March 2005 in
breach of clause 4 of the agreement; or

(c) A default by the judgment debtors to pay the judgment debt of $3,381,656
and $12,000 costs by 19 April 2005 in breach of clause 2 of the agreement.

32 Any one of the above events, if triggered, would in my view amount to a
clear failure by the judgment debtors to “abide by the agreement” as
stipulated in paragraph 1 of the undertaking. The defendants basically tried
to persuade me that the only relevant trigger was the default in (c), and the
defaults in (a) and (b) could simply be disregarded and discarded. I was not
able to agree as that would have required me to completely ignore the
existence and the plain meaning of the words “** _shall fail to abide by the
Agreement_** ” in paragraph 1 of the undertaking.

33 On the facts, it was not disputed that the defaults in (b) and (c) had
occurred. It was pertinent to note that the undertaking to transfer was not
triggered once, but twice. In the premises, it was not tenable for the
defendants to adopt the position that even after two consecutive serious
failures of the judgment debtors to abide by the agreement, the defendants
remained not liable to fulfill their undertaking in paragraph 1.

34 Unlike the sole triggering event embedded in clause 3 of the agreement
(namely (c) above), any one of the above 3 triggering events would in my
judgment be sufficient in themselves to satisfy the condition precedent for
the undertaking to transfer the said 1.5 million shares. I did not agree that
upon the satisfaction of the condition precedent in triggering event (b), the
undertaking to transfer was not immediate but had to be deferred to 19 April
2005 just to see if the last trigger (c) was activated. Obviously, that
obligation to transfer had accrued and crystallised on the date of the
triggering event, and the defendants were immediately obliged to take all
necessary steps to effect the transfer of the 1.5 million shares to the
plaintiff. I could not accept the defendants’ suggestion that the undertaking
had no effect until after 19 April 2005 as the earlier triggers were
ineffective in crystallising the undertaking to transfer, and that the
judgment debtors could simply disregard their payment obligations in (a) and
(b) with impunity, whilst the plaintiff had to remain obligated to forbear
until 19 April 2005, otherwise he would lose all the benefits he would have
had under both the agreement and the undertaking.

35 In any event, the triggering condition precedent event (c) for both the
undertaking and the agreement to transfer the 1.5 million shares was
subsequently also activated in fact.

36 Since the potential defaults in (a) and (b) above were not “protected” in
the agreement, the plaintiff clearly considered it necessary to extract a
separate undertaking **_going beyond what was in the agreement_**. The
undertaking was in essence a further guarantee provided by the defendants for
the performance not only of clause 2 but also of clause 4 of the agreement by
the judgment debtors. Accordingly, any default by the judgment debtors in (a),
(b) or (c) was meant to trigger the undertaking by the defendants to transfer
the 1.5 million shares to the plaintiff.

37 Such a construction made sense to me as the agreement did not appear to
have any real sanction or incentive for the defendants (as the effective
“guarantors” for payment by the judgment debtors) to deter or persuade the
judgment debtors from breaching their first two obligations under (a) and (b),
apart from the fact that such a repudiatory act of non-payment under (a) or
(b) might allow the co-administrators to accept the repudiatory breach and
regard themselves relieved from their obligation under clause 1 to refrain
from enforcement and advertisement of the WSS. Since the agreement in so far
as the defendants were concerned applied only to a default in (c) but not of
(a) and (b), that to me was the very reason why the plaintiff needed a further
undertaking from the defendants to cover the eventuality of a default by the
judgment debtors in respect of any non-payment under either (a) or (b), which
would then enable the plaintiff to immediately enforce the transfer of the
shares against the defendants.

38 If the undertaking was meant to do exactly the same thing as the agreement
(which was what I gathered would be the substantive effect of the defendants’
submissions), there would have been no need for the undertaking. An
undertaking, providing for exactly the same obligations on the part of the
defendants as those in the agreement and on exactly the same condition
precedent as that in the agreement for the transfer, would have been
unnecessary. The undertaking would be a superfluous document for which the $2
consideration paid by the plaintiff for the defendants’ promise to transfer
the shares would have been for nothing as everything would have been covered
by the agreement already. That in my view was not an outcome the parties had
set out to achieve or would have intended.

39 Although it was axiomatic that both the agreement and the undertaking ought
to be construed together in such a manner as to be consistent with each other
and in accordance with the intended commercial purpose behind the agreement
and the undertaking, nevertheless in my view the undertaking stood alone and
apart from the agreement in terms of the respective legal obligations of the
various parties. They must not be conflated as if they were one and the same.
In fact, the undertaking was wider in scope than the agreement in so far as
the obligation of the defendants to transfer their shares to the plaintiff was
concerned. In comparison with clause 3 of the agreement, paragraph 1 of the
undertaking was premised upon certain wider condition precedents to
performance primarily because of the different construction of the said clause
and paragraph.

40 Once an earlier triggering event had occurred, there was no necessity in
the undertaking as worded for the plaintiff to wait until the rest of the
triggers had been triggered before enforcing the defendants’ obligation to
transfer the shares. Accordingly, once any earlier obligation under clause 4
was breached, the undertaking would immediately be triggered and the
obligation to transfer would accrue. On the facts of this case, the plaintiff
was entitled to immediately enforce the undertaking against the said
defendants upon the satisfaction of the condition precedent through non-
payment under (b). There was no need to wait for (c) to be triggered. The
triggering of (c) merely reinforced the right of the plaintiff to enforce the
undertaking. The same right also arose from the agreement upon the trigger in
(c) being activated by the judgment debtors upon their default in paying the
judgment debt owed.

41 Further on the undisputed facts, the defendants had no basis to complain
that the plaintiff had not granted full forbearance up to 24 March 2005, the
date of the first triggering event (b). The plaintiff in fact continued to
grant full forbearance until 5 April 2005, which was the date the plaintiff
first wrote to the sheriff. This was 11 days **_after_** the first triggering
event (b). In total, the period of forbearance by the plaintiff lasted 7 weeks
(between the date of signing the agreement and the undertaking on 24 February
2005 and the date the letter was sent to the sheriff on 5 April 2005). By any
standard, this would be sufficient and valuable consideration of forbearance
from enforcement coming from the co-administrators. The judgment debtors (and
in a sense the defendants) had obtained the full benefit of forbearance from
enforcement in the strictest sense (_i.e._ preparatory steps to advertise were
yet to be taken). The judgment debtors had what they had bargained for, until
they themselves decided to default first on payment in (b), and followed next
by their payment default in (c), and they thereby committed a repudiatory
breach of the agreement by their own actions.

42 Under these particular circumstances, it made no sense that after the
triggering event (b) caused by the judgment debtors, the plaintiff remained
obliged to continue with their forbearance until it was past event (c), in
order to maintain sufficient forbearance as “consideration” to support the
previous triggering event (b) which _per se_ had already crystallised the
defendants’ obligation in the undertaking to transfer the shares.

43 Although the plaintiff might have been in breach of the forbearance in
clause 1 read with clause 2 in the agreement **_subsequent_** to the date of
the triggering event (b), nevertheless the triggering event (b) took place
first and had already crystallised the obligation undertaken by the defendants
to immediately transfer their 1.5 million shares to the plaintiff, which was
well before the date of the plaintiff’s alleged breach of its non-forbearance
obligation under clauses 1 and 2 of the agreement. The alleged breach by the
plaintiff of non-forbearance, which took place **_after_** the triggering
event of default, would accordingly be irrelevant in my view. The alleged non-
forbearance, a subsequent event, should not be allowed to undo what had been
crystallised earlier in the undertaking by the triggering event (b). For this
second reason, the plaintiff’s action must succeed even if one were to be
generous to construe the co-administrators’ subsequent action of instructing
the sheriff to proceed with the advertisement of the WSS (which took place
before 19 April 2005) was indeed a factual breach of the forbearance
obligation in clause 1 read with clause 2 of the agreement.

44 If clauses 1 and 2 or if paragraph 2 were to be regarded as a condition
precedent for the 1.5 million share transfer obligation as contended by the
defendants, then I could not find any express words either in the agreement or
the undertaking that would allow such a construction. To elevate clauses 1 and
2 in the agreement or paragraph 2 of the undertaking to a condition precedent
(of whatever form) to the transfer of shares by the defendants, when they
clearly could not be construed as such, would amount to the court introducing
new terms and re-writing the bargain for the parties. In my judgment, clauses
1 and 2 or paragraph 2 could not be characterised as a condition precedent (of
whatever form) when construing the agreement or the undertaking either alone
or in conjunction with each other.

45 In my view, clause 1 read with clause 2 was merely a contractual term in
the agreement and nothing more, and the consequences of a breach of the term
should be examined on its own merits. A breach of clause 1 read with clause 2
should not alter the character of those two terms and turn them into
“condition precedents” to obtain a totally different set of consequences, just
so that it would suit the purpose of defendants.

**_Existence of an implied term?_**

46 Having failed on the express term argument that clauses 1 and 2 of the
agreement and paragraph 2 of the undertaking were not condition precedents to
the transfer obligation, the defendants appeared to be relying on the argument
that (a) in the circumstances under which the agreement and the undertaking
were made; and (b) in the light of their purpose and the fact that there was
only one sole obligation on the part of the co-administrators which laid at
the heart of the agreement and the undertaking, a term ought to be implied
that the share transfer obligation would have to be further subject to the co-
administrators’ forbearance not to enforce the WSS and the forbearance not to
take steps to advertise the sale of the seized shares for the whole period
from 24 February 2005 to 19 April 2005, regardless of any breach by the
judgment debtors of their earlier payment obligations under clause 4 of the
agreement.

47 In my judgment, the implied term argument would fail for the following
reasons:

(a) The court ought not to imply such a term unless it was necessary,
equitable and reasonable under the circumstances to do so. (_See Chitty on
Contracts 29 th Ed, 2004, Vol 1 at 13-009.)_

(b) The implied term was not necessary as the agreement and the undertaking
worked perfectly well without it. The defendants had obtained a legal right to
a “breathing space” before the co-administrators were entitled to continue
with the enforcement proceedings. This legal right was never taken away. On
the facts, the alleged step towards advertising the WSS in a purported breach
of clauses 1 and 2 was not an action taken by the co-administrators without
cause. It was in fact precipitated by and was an obvious consequence of the
judgment debtors’ own repudiatory breach of clause 4 of the agreement. The co-
administrators had in fact given full forbearance (and therefore good
consideration), because they had taken no steps (preparatory or otherwise) to
advertise the WSS **_until after_** the judgment debtors defaulted on their
payment of $15,200 due on 25 March 2005 in breach of clause 4 of the agreement
and **_until after_** the co-administrators had been sent on a wild goose
chase by the judgment debtors and **_until after_** the judgment debtors had
been notified that if they failed to comply, the advertisement would proceed.
When no payment came, that repudiatory breach was accepted by the co-
administrators who then proceeded on 8 April 2005 to inform the sheriff to
advertise the WSS. I did not think it would now lie in the mouth of the
defendants to argue that there was a total failure of consideration or
insufficient consideration provided for the undertaking, which then completely
discharged the obligations of the defendants to transfer their shares as per
their undertaking. It was worth noting again that the judgment debtors
subsequently also defaulted in payment of the full judgment sum, thereby
triggering the same undertaking a second time.

(c) Such an implied term would be manifestly unreasonable as a breach by the
plaintiff or the co-administrators would disentitle them from proceeding with
the enforcement of the WSS to recover the very substantial debts owed of some
$3.5 million, and it would also have given the judgment debtors a windfall.
Further, the defendants would also obtain a windfall and escape from their
promise to transfer over to the plaintiff their 1.5 million shares for the
failure by the judgment debtors to abide by the agreement, be it clause 2 or
clause 4. Were the defendants to be correct on the existence of such an
implied term, then the co-administrators would have given up their right to
enforce the WSS for the 8.5 million shares should they take any preparatory
steps to enforce before 19 April 2005. It made no commercial sense for the co-
administrators to give up their claim to recover the judgment debt by the
immediate sale of the 8.5 million Dauphin shares in return for the agreement
and undertaking by the defendants to transfer a much smaller quantity of
shares _i.e._ the 1.5 million Dauphin shares.

48 At the most charitable construction of the multipartite agreement as a
whole, I could only imply that the obligation on the part of the co-
administrators to forbear from enforcement and advertisement in clause 1 was
intertwined with the obligations of the judgment debtors and the defendants in
the sense that any breach of clause 1 by the co-administrators **_without
cause_** would give rise to the right of the judgment debtors to refuse
payment of the judgment debt in clause 2 (which refusal did take place), and
therefore, that triggering event or the satisfaction of the condition
precedent for the defendants’ obligation in clause 3 to transfer their 1.5
million shares in Dauphin was occasioned by the default of the plaintiff and
his co-administrator (and not by the judgment debtors). Accordingly under such
circumstances, the plaintiff ought not to be allowed to benefit from the
defendants’ obligation to transfer the shares arising from a triggering event
that could be traced back to the plaintiff’s own default. However, on a closer
analysis of the facts, the default under the agreement was **_never
precipitated_** by the plaintiff or his co-administrator. The default was
first initiated by the judgment debtors by their repudiatory refusal to abide
by clause 4 of the agreement to pay the plaintiff the sum of $15,200 by the
stipulated due date of 24 March 2005. This in my view was sufficient to excuse
the plaintiff from a strict adherence to its own obligation under clause 1 to
refrain from taking any preparatory steps to advertise before 19 April 2005.
As such, these steps taken to advertise were in fact a response to the
initiating default of the judgment debtors not to pay the $15,200 in breach of
clause 4 of the agreement.

49 Hence, even on the most charitable construction of the multipartite
agreement with the implied term included, I did not think that the defendants
could be relieved of their obligation to transfer their shares when the
failure to pay on the $15,200 costs by the judgment debtors was not occasioned
by any defaulting act of the plaintiff.

50 From the evidence now available, it was obvious to me that the judgment
debtors never intended at all to pay the $15,200 nor the judgment debt,
whether by their respective due dates or otherwise. If the parties at the time
they signed the agreement and the undertaking were to be asked what would they
have intended should these postulated facts happen, I would think it likely
that the parties would have simply said that the plaintiff would of course be
entitled to the transfer of the 1.5 million Dauphin shares to them under both
the agreement and the undertaking.

Were the preparatory steps to advertise a repudiatory breach of the agreement
or the undertaking?

51 I would now examine the seriousness of the breach of clause 1 read with
clause 2 of the agreement by the co-administrators.

52 Having regard to the nature of clauses 1 and 2 which were primarily for the
benefit of the judgment debtors, it did not mean that any breach of clause 1
(however minor) would automatically terminate the agreement and discharge the
judgment debtors’ from further performance of the agreement. Whether or not
the agreement could be terminated by the judgment debtors would first depend
on the nature of clause 1 read with clause 2, and the seriousness of the
breach.

53 Consequently, the factual question before me was whether the breach by the
plaintiff in taking steps on 5, 8 and 12 April 2005 to advertise the sale of
the 8.5 million Dauphin shares was so serious a breach as to entitle the
judgment debtors to repudiate the agreement, when no actual publication of the
advertisement had in fact taken place? If indeed it was so serious as to be
repudiatory in nature, then the next obvious question was whether the
repudiatory breach had in fact been accepted by the judgment debtors (or for
that matter the defendants who were the other parties to the agreement). The
judgment debtors never terminated the agreement before 19 April 2005. It would
now be too late for the judgment debtors (or for that matter for the
defendants) to allege that termination of the agreement had taken place. Now
that the judgment debtors had not satisfied the judgment debt on its due date
and with the obligations under the agreement remaining alive for all parties,
the defendants would be bound to comply with clause 3 to transfer the shares
immediately.

54 The defendants essentially contended that the steps taken on 5, 8 and 12
April 2005 in breach of clause 1 had to be regarded as repudiatory because
this was the only fundamental condition in the contractual relationship
between the defendants and the plaintiff.

55 I disagreed. On the agreed facts, the breach of clause 1 by the co-
administrators was clearly non-material and technical in nature because no
advertisement was in fact published. The preparatory steps and attempts to
publish were futile. In the end, nothing came out of what the co-
administrators had tried to do. Neither the defendants nor the judgment
debtors suffered any real damage or any appreciable loss. I found that the
breach of clause 1 by the co-administrators was not repudiatory in nature.
Therefore, neither the defendants nor the judgment debtors were legally
entitled to terminate the agreement and disavow the defendants’ obligation to
transfer the shares. The non-repudiatory breach at the most would allow the
wronged parties to claim damages or seek an injunction to restrain the co-
administrators from actually advertising the WSS in substantive breach of
clause 1. Since the agreement (and the payment obligations therein) remained
alive, the obligation of the defendants to transfer the shares in clause 3 was
accordingly triggered on 19 April 2005 when no payment was received on the
judgment debt.

56 In my view, it would be wrong for the defendants to characterise the
technical breach as a “total failure of consideration” when in fact there was
never any publication of the advertisement for the sale of the 8.5 million
shares as part the enforcement of the WSS.

57 In any event, the defendants did not appear to have run their arguments on
the basis that the agreement or the undertaking had been lawfully terminated
as a result of the default of the co-administrators. In fact, the defendants
contended that they were unaware of the breach by the plaintiff and co-
administrator, and the defendants were therefore in no position to accept the
alleged repudiatory breach. Since there was no termination, the agreement
would have remained alive and continued in existence for the benefit of all
parties. (_See Chitty on Contracts 29 th Ed, 2004, Vol 1 at 24-011)._ The
defendants’ obligation to transfer the shares therefore arose the moment the
judgment debtors failed to satisfy the judgment debt on 19 April 2005. The
triggering event for the transfer had taken place. Once it was triggered, it
would essentially end the continuing right of the judgment debtors (including
the defendants) to accept the breach and terminate either the agreement or the
undertaking thereafter. (_See Chitty on Contracts 29 th Ed, 2004, Vol 1 at pg
1367)_.

Conclusion

58 Accordingly for the reasons given, I found that the plaintiff was entitled
to enforce the undertaking given on 24 February 2005. I ordered the 1st and
2nd defendants to transfer their 1.5 million Dauphin shares to the plaintiff
for a consideration of $1.00 and to pass all resolutions and do all things
necessary to effect the registration of the transfer of the said shares to the
plaintiff within 2 weeks.

59 The costs of this action were ordered to be taxed or agreed and paid by the
defendants to the plaintiff.

60 The plaintiff was ordered to pay the costs of the 3rd defendant to be taxed
or agreed.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 15 Aug 2008 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

