Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Lee Tat Development Pte Ltd v Management Corporation Strata Title Plan No
301  
[2008] SGCA 47

Case Number | : | CA 20/2007  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 01 December 2008  
Tribunal/Court | : | Court of Appeal  
Coram | : |  Chan Sek Keong CJ; Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA; V K Rajah JA   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Ernest Yogarajah s/o Balasubramaniam (Arfat Selvam Alliance LLC) for the appellant; Edwin Lee and Looi Ming Ming (Rajah & Tann LLP) for the respondent   
Parties | : |  Lee Tat Development Pte Ltd — Management Corporation Strata Title Plan No 301   
  
Land – Easements – Extinguishment – Circumstances under which easement could
be extinguished by operation of law – Right of way extinguished by operation
of law due to permanent and irreversible change in character and nature of use
of dominant tenement and drastic change in circumstances since date of grant  
  
Land – Easements – Rights of way – Whether right of way granted in favour of
lot A could be used to access lot B which had been amalgamated with lot A to
develop condominium – Effect of acquisition of servient tenement by owner of
dominant tenement on its rights vis-a-vis owner of another dominant tenement  
  
Res Judicata – Issue estoppel – Whether issue that had never been decided on
the merits could be the subject of an estoppel  
  
Res Judicata – Issue estoppel – Whether res judicata should apply to erroneous
decision that an issue had been decided in earlier proceedings when those
proceedings had ruled on a different issue  
  

1 December 2008 |  Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Chan Sek Keong CJ (delivering the judgment of the court):

**Introduction**

1 This is an appeal by Lee Tat Development Pte Ltd (“Lee Tat”) against the
decision of the High Court in Originating Summons No 706 of 2004 (“the Present
Action”). This appeal is the latest chapter in a long saga of bickering and
court proceedings between Lee Tat and the respondent, the Management
Corporation of Grange Heights Strata Title No 301 (“the MC”), as well as their
respective predecessors in title over a plot of land, namely, Lot 111-31 of
Town Sub-Division 21 (“the Servient Tenement”), which is currently owned by
Lee Tat. The parties’ dispute (“the Dispute”) has dragged on for more than 30
years because, as shall be seen below, previous rounds of litigation have, for
one reason or other, left certain fundamental issues relating to the parties’
respective rights _vis-à-vis_ the Servient Tenement undecided.

**Factual background**

2 In the Present Action, the MC sought a declaration of its entitlement to
repair and/or maintain a right of way that it claims to have over the Servient
Tenement. The judge in the court below (“the Judge”) granted the declaration
sought (see _Management Corporation of Grange Heights Strata Title No 301 v
Lee Tat Development Pte Ltd_ [2007] 2 SLR 554 (“ _Grange Heights (No 3) (HC)_
”)). Effectively, the MC was permitted to carry out the following repair
and/or maintenance works to its alleged right of way over the Servient
Tenement:[note: 1]

1\. To lay and compact approximately 95m length x 6m width x 100mm thick
hardcore bed (made up of broken bricks/stone/concrete) and to level with
quarry dust;

2\. To construct 150mm thick concrete slab with 2 layers of A6 BRC over the
compacted hardcore and finish with a 50mm thick layer of wearing course
(asphalt topping); and

3\. To construct concrete road hump (approximately 6m length x 4m width x
200mm thick) and finish with yellow/white paint.

There is a dispute between the parties as to the width of the road proposed to
be constructed on the Servient Tenement. However, this dispute is not relevant
in view of the conclusions which we have reached in this judgment.

3 The Servient Tenement is a long, narrow and irregular strip of land with an
area of around 883.4m2. It lies adjacent to Lots 111-30, 111-32, 111-33 and
111-34 of Town Sub-Division 21, which we shall refer to individually as “Lot
111-30”, “Lot 111-32”, “Lot 111-33” and “Lot 111-34” respectively, and
collectively as “the Dominant Tenements”. The Servient Tenement and all the
Dominant Tenements were originally owned by a single owner, Mutual Trading Ltd
(“Mutual”). In 1919, Mutual (then in liquidation) sold and conveyed the
Dominant Tenements to various purchasers, but retained ownership of the
Servient Tenement. Each conveyance conveyed the land sold, together with the
dwelling house and the buildings described therein, and granted a right of way
over the Servient Tenement (“the Right of Way”) in favour of each of the
Dominant Tenements as follows:

And together with full and free right and liberty for the Purchaser his
executors administrators and assigns being the owner or owners for the time
being of the land hereby conveyed or any part thereof and their tenants and
servants and all other persons authorized by him or them in common with others
having a similar right from time to time and at all times hereafter at his and
their will and pleasure to pass and repass with or without animals and
vehicles, in along and over the Reserve for Road coloured yellow in the said
plan.

We shall refer to the above grant of the Right of Way as “the Grant” in this
judgment.

4 In 1970, Hong Leong Holdings Ltd (“HL”), the predecessor in title of the MC,
became the owner of one of the Dominant Tenements (_viz_ , Lot 111-34) as well
as the land adjacent to it (_viz_ , Lot 561 of Town Sub-Division 21 (“Lot
561”)). Lot 561 has an area of 9,631.6m2, which is more than three times the
size of Lot 111-34, which has an area of 3,066.1m2. Lot 561 has no access to
Grange Road except via Lot 111-34 and the Servient Tenement, using the Right
of Way. However, Lot 561 has access to River Valley Road (via either St Thomas
Walk or River Valley Grove) and Killiney Road (via St Thomas Walk). HL
amalgamated Lot 111-34 and Lot 561 into one lot, which became Lot 687 of Town
Sub-Division 21 (“Lot 687”), in order to develop a condominium (“Grange
Heights”) consisting of 120 residential apartments, a car park for 188 cars, a
swimming pool, two tennis courts and changing rooms. (For convenience, we
shall refer to the amalgamation of Lot 111-34 and Lot 561, which was effected
in 1976, as “the Amalgamation”; these two plots of land will, however,
continue to be referred to by their respective lot numbers in this judgment
even though they have been merged to form Lot 687.) The original proposed
layout of Grange Heights included the Servient Tenement as part of the
development, but this was rejected by the competent authorities on the ground
that HL did not own the Servient Tenement. The layout which was eventually
approved excluded the Servient Tenement from the development. All the
residential units in Grange Heights, together with the car park and the
swimming pool, are situated on Lot 561 while the tennis courts and the
changing rooms are situated on Lot 111-34.

5 The residential units in Grange Heights are held by subsidiary proprietors
under strata titles. Pursuant to the version of the Land Titles (Strata) Act
(Cap 158, 1999 Rev Ed) which was in force at the time the Present Action was
commenced (we shall refer to this particular version as “the Act”), the
“common property” (as defined in s 3 of the Act) comprised in a strata title
plan is held by subsidiary proprietors as “tenants-in-common proportional to
their respective share value[s] and for the same term and tenure as their
respective lots are held by them” (see s 13(1) of the Act). Section 33(1) of
the Act provides that the subsidiary proprietors of the lots in a strata title
plan shall constitute the management corporation of that strata title plan,
and s 33(3) provides that the management corporation shall, subject to the
Act, have the control, management and administration of the common property.
In particular, s 33(2)(_b_) of the Act states that the management corporation
may sue and be sued in respect of any matter affecting the common property.
The effect of these provisions is that the MC is the _alter ego_ of the
subsidiary proprietors of the residential units in Grange Heights (“the
Residents”), who collectively own the common property in Lot 111-34 and Lot
561. As such, references to the MC in this judgment should be read as
incorporating references to the Residents as well, and _vice versa_.

6 In 1973, ownership of two of the Dominant Tenements, namely, Lot 111-32 and
Lot 111-33, passed to Collin Development Pte Ltd (“Collin”), which later
changed its name to Lee Tat (by a deed of rectification executed in 1986, the
conveyance of Lot 111-32 and Lot 111-33 to Collin was reflected as having been
a conveyance to “Lee Tat ... formerly known as Collin ...” instead). Lee Tat
subsequently acquired the Servient Tenement from the Official Receiver on 27
January 1997. Since that date, Lee Tat has owned the Servient Tenement as well
as two of the Dominant Tenements in favour of which the Right of Way was
granted in 1919. It is thus both the (successor) grantor (_vis-à-vis_ the
Servient Tenement) and the (successor) grantee (_vis-à-vis_ Lot 111-32 and Lot
111-33) of the Right of Way under the Grant.

7 This appeal is the culmination of four sets of court proceedings stretching
over a period of more than 30 years between Lee Tat and the MC (as well as
their respective predecessors in title) concerning the entitlement of, first,
HL and, later, the Residents to use the Right of Way. The first set of
proceedings consisted of Suit No 3667 of 1974 and Civil Appeal No 11 of 1976
(collectively, “the First Action”); the second set of proceedings comprised
Originating Summons No 404 of 1989 and Civil Appeal No 131 of 1990
(collectively, “the Second Action”); the Present Action, from which this
appeal stems, constitutes the third set of proceedings; and the fourth set of
proceedings consisted of Originating Summons No 825 of 2004 (“OS 825/2004”)
and Civil Appeal No 89 of 2004 (collectively, “the Fourth Action”). In this
judgment, we shall refer to the High Court and the Court of Appeal in each of
these actions as “the HC” and “the CA” respectively; we shall also refer to
the First Action, the Second Action and the Fourth Action collectively as “the
Previous Actions”.

8 After the MC commenced the Present Action, Lee Tat responded by filing OS
825/2004 for, _inter alia_ , a declaration that the Right of Way did not
extend to Lot 561 and a permanent injunction to prohibit (among others) the
Residents from using the Right of Way for access between Grange Road and
Grange Heights. As Lee Tat’s defence in the Present Action was dependent on
its claims in OS 825/2004 being upheld by the court, the HC, with the consent
of the parties, heard the latter action first. The HC dismissed Lee Tat’s
claims in OS 825/2004 (see _Lee Tat Development Pte Ltd v Management
Corporation of Grange Heights Strata Title No 301 (No 2)_ [2004] 4 SLR 828 (“
_Grange Heights (No 4) (HC)_ ”)). Lee Tat’s appeal against that decision was
dismissed by a majority of the CA (see _Lee Tat Development Pte Ltd v
Management Corporation of Grange Heights Strata Title No 301 (No 2)_ [2005] 3
SLR 157 (“ _Grange Heights (No 4) (CA)_ ”)). We shall hereafter refer to the
majority of the CA in the Fourth Action as “the Majority Judges” and to the
Majority Judges’ decision as “the Majority Judgment”.

9 As we mentioned at [1] above, the long saga of bickering and court
proceedings between the parties has not brought the Dispute closer to a final
resolution. Many legal issues between them remain unresolved. For example, in
the Present Action, the Judge left unanswered the question of whether the
Residents may use the Right of Way for vehicular traffic as a result of the
decisions in the Previous Actions. Lee Tat claimed that the Residents had
abandoned their entitlement to use the Right of Way in this particular manner,
but the MC denied this. Another issue that was left undecided was what would
constitute excessive use of the Right of Way, given that the Residents own Lot
111-34, to which the Right of Way is appurtenant. Indeed, as will be seen,
there are many more fundamental legal issues between the parties which remain
open, and there will be no end to this series of litigation so long as any of
these issues are not resolved.

10 The Dispute is concerned primarily with the MC’s claim that the Residents
are entitled to use the Right of Way for the purposes of gaining access to Lot
561 from Grange Road and _vice versa_. Lee Tat denies that the Residents have
any such right. The Dispute raises issues of fact and law which could have
been decided within a short period of time if the parties had agreed on the
precise issues which required adjudication and had put those issues clearly
and comprehensively to the courts in the Previous Actions. The fact that many
legal issues currently remain undecided suggests that something went wrong
somewhere in the Previous Actions. Whatever may be the reasons for or the
causes of this situation, it is time for this court to bring finality to the
Dispute in so far as it is within our judicial power to do so. Indeed, after
we reserved judgment to consider the arguments of counsel for the parties, we
suggested to them that this would be a proper case for their clients to
negotiate a mutually acceptable settlement, whether in monetary terms or
otherwise. However, this came to naught. As such, it now falls on this court
to decide not only the question of whether the Residents may use the Servient
Tenement as a means of access between Lot 561 and Grange Road, but also the
outstanding legal issues connected with the parties’ respective rights over
the Right of Way. Before we deal with these issues, however, we have to
consider a more immediate question relating to issue estoppel (“the Estoppel
Question”).

**The Estoppel Question: Issue estoppel and its impact on the present appeal**

**_The relevance of issue estoppel in this appeal_**

11 This appeal is, on the face of it, concerned with whether or not the
Judge’s decision in the Present Action is correct in law. The Judge granted
the MC’s application on the basis that, pursuant to the decision made in the
Fourth Action, the MC was entitled to enjoy the Right of Way to the extent
decided in the Second Action (see _Grange Heights (No 3) (HC)_ ([2] _supra_)
at [30]–[32]). He rejected Lee Tat’s contention to the contrary on the ground
that Lee Tat was estopped from re-litigating this particular issue – _viz_ ,
whether the Residents could use the Right of Way to access Lot 561 from Grange
Road by crossing from Grange Road to Lot 111-34 and then to Lot 561, and _vice
versa_ (“the Main Issue”) – because, as was held by the HC and the Majority
Judges in the Fourth Action, that issue had already been decided against Lee
Tat in the Second Action.

12 At one level, this appeal is concerned with the law relating to rights of
way and conflicting claims to use a right of way over a servient tenement. (To
facilitate our discussion of this area of the law, we shall hereafter refer to
the owner of a dominant tenement in favour of which an easement has been
granted as a “dominant owner” and the owner of a servient tenement over which
an easement exists as a “servient owner”.) These are no doubt important issues
to the parties in this action, and also to other dominant owners in similar
situations in Singapore.

13 At another level, this appeal raises a more important question – _ie_ , the
Estoppel Question – as to the application of the principle of estoppel _per
rem judicatam_ , more commonly referred to as “ _res judicata_ ” for short.
(We should add that what we are concerned with in this regard is the doctrine
of _res judicata_ in its _conventional_ form, as opposed to its _extended_
form, which is discussed at [58]–[61] below.) _Res judicata_ is based on the
important principle of public policy that a cause of action, or an issue
necessary to the resolution of a cause of action, which has been finally and
conclusively adjudicated on the merits by a court of competent jurisdiction
may not be re-litigated by the same parties. _Res judicata_ applies to all
litigation before the courts. For this reason, our decision on the
applicability or otherwise of issue estoppel (which is the particular form of
estoppel _per rem judicatam_ involved in the present appeal) will have a
larger and more lasting impact on the legal rights of litigants generally than
our decision on the specific rights of Lee Tat and the MC in relation to the
Right of Way.

14 Issue estoppel is relevant in this appeal because the outcome of the
Present Action was – according to the Judge’s analysis – already predetermined
by the decision in the Fourth Action that Lee Tat was estopped from re-
litigating “the issue [of] whether the [R]ight of [W]ay ... could be used by
the [R]esidents ... to reach ... [L]ot 111-34 and then to cross over to ...
[L]ot 561” (see _Grange Heights (No 3) (HC)_ ([2] _supra_) at [29]). We would
highlight at this juncture that this issue, which we shall term “the issue
raised in the Fourth Action”, is the same as the Main Issue which we defined
earlier at [11] above. Significantly, the HC in the Fourth Action did not
dismiss OS 825/2004 by direct reference to the facts and the legal issues
raised by Lee Tat as the owner of the Servient Tenement. Instead, the HC
dismissed it on the basis that the CA in the Second Action had already ruled
against Lee Tat on the issue raised in the Fourth Action (which, as we have
just mentioned, is also the Main Issue in the Present Action) (see _Grange
Heights (No 4) (HC)_ ([8] _supra_) at [32]–[37]). In other words, the HC in
the Fourth Action dismissed OS 825/2004 on the ground that Lee Tat, in
advancing the issue raised in the Fourth Action, was effectively seeking to
re-litigate a point that had already been decided by the CA in the Second
Action. On appeal by Lee Tat in the Fourth Action, the Majority Judges
affirmed the decision of the HC on substantially the same grounds (see _Grange
Heights (No 4) (CA)_ ([8] _supra_) at [16]–[18]). How the Majority Judges
arrived at this conclusion and whether their conclusion was wrong in law are
relevant issues before us. As will be seen, what we are faced with in this
case is a situation in which neither the Judge in the Present Action nor the
HC and the Majority Judges in the Fourth Action have actually addressed
directly the rights of Lee Tat, _as a servient owner_ , _vis-à-vis_ the MC
with respect to the use of the Right of Way for the benefit of Lot 561.

15 Ordinarily, issue estoppel should not cause serious difficulties for the
court dealing with the same issue(s) in future litigation between the same
parties. The present appeal is, however, an exception because of the
interaction between the substantive law on rights of way and the law on issue
estoppel. As we see it, the following problems have arisen in this case. The
first relates to the existence or otherwise of legal rights, namely, whether
the Residents are entitled to use the Right of Way to pass between Lot 561 and
Grange Road, given that they do not reside on Lot 111-34, the dominant
tenement. One difficulty that arises in this regard is that a right of way,
whether acquired by prescription or (as in the present case) by a grant, is
not an immutable or irrevocable legal right that, once acquired, lasts
forever. It can be lost in a number of ways under the law, such as by
abandonment, by extinguishment due to the operation of law (_eg_ , if
something is done to destroy the easement or the character of the dominant
tenement) or even by excessive use. With respect to Lot 111-34 specifically, a
question of law arises as to whether the Right of Way might have ceased to
exist by 1976 as against the owner of the Servient Tenement because of the
Amalgamation. Alternatively, questions of law arise as to whether the Right of
Way might no longer have existed to its full extent as set out in the Grant by
the time the appeal in the Second Action was heard in 1992 (because the
Residents had not used it for vehicular traffic in any meaningful way since
1976) and whether the Right of Way had been extinguished by the time the
appeal in the Fourth Action was heard in 2005 (because of events which had
occurred in the course of and after the construction of Grange Heights).

16 The second problem relates to the application of a legal principle, _viz_ ,
the doctrine of _res judicata_. In the Fourth Action, the HC and the Majority
Judges effectively held that Lee Tat was estopped from re-litigating the Main
Issue (the issue raised in the Fourth Action being, as we pointed out at [14]
above, the same as the Main Issue) because that issue had already been decided
against Lee Tat in the Second Action. In the course of perusing the judgments
in the Previous Actions and after hearing counsel, however, we formed the
provisional view that the Main Issue was _not_ the same as the issue decided
by the courts in the Second Action (“the issue decided in the Second Action”).
Furthermore, in the Fourth Action, the Main Issue (as framed in the form of
the issue raised in the Fourth Action) also did not arise between the same
parties as those involved in the issue decided in the Second Action. In the
Second Action, Lee Tat was sued in its capacity as a _dominant_ owner,
whereas, in the Fourth Action, it sued as a _servient_ owner. Accordingly, we
were somewhat puzzled by the Majority Judges’ decision in the Fourth Action
that Lee Tat was estopped from raising the Main Issue in that action. As the
Dispute has gone on for more than 30 years without a final resolution,
freezing in the meantime the development of what are acknowledged to be very
valuable pieces of land in Singapore, we are of the view that it is necessary
that we resolve this dispute definitively once and for all so as to terminate
the cycle of litigation between the parties. To this end, we propose to re-
examine all the judgments in the Previous Actions in order to identify the
issue or issues of fact and/or law that were determined in those actions, and,
in turn, ascertain what issue or issues Lee Tat is now barred from raising in
the Present Action by virtue of issue estoppel.

17 If the Majority Judges in the Fourth Action were correct in finding that
the issue decided in the Second Action was the same as the issue raised in the
Fourth Action (which is the same as the Main Issue (see [14] above)), it would
mean that the Majority Judges were also correct to hold that Lee Tat was
estopped from bringing up the Main Issue (as framed in the form of the issue
raised in the Fourth Action) in that action (_ie_ , the Fourth Action). This
would in turn mean that, in the Present Action, the Judge was correct to rule
that, pursuant to the Majority Judgment in the Fourth Action, issue estoppel
prevented Lee Tat from raising the Main Issue in the Present Action. We would,
in that case, have to dismiss this appeal. But, if we should find that the
Majority Judges were wrong in regarding the issue raised in the Fourth Action
as being the same as the issue decided in the Second Action and therefore
erred in holding that Lee Tat was estopped from bringing up the Main Issue (as
framed in the form of the issue raised in the Fourth Action) in the Fourth
Action (and see, in this regard, our provisional view at [16] above), then we
would be placed in the unenviable position of having to decide whether, in
spite of the Majority Judgment being wrong in law on the point of issue
estoppel, we should nonetheless hold that Lee Tat is estopped from re-
litigating the Main Issue because that was what the Majority Judges decided.
In this regard, if we were to decide that Lee Tat is not bound by the Majority
Judgment, then it is open to this court to consider and resolve the Main Issue
as well as all the other outstanding legal issues in dispute once and for all.
With this prospect open to us, we directed the parties, after we had reserved
judgment, to file further submissions on _res judicata_ and abuse of process
and also on the extinguishment of a right of way. This process, together with
the need for this court to re-examine the issues raised, the arguments made
and the decisions rendered in the Previous Actions, has contributed to the
delay in finalising this judgment.

**_The decisions in the Previous Actions_**

18 We will now retrace our steps to 1974 (when the First Action was commenced)
to ascertain the issue or issues which were decided between the parties and
their respective predecessors in title in the Previous Actions _vis-à-vis_ the
Right of Way. For this purpose, and to facilitate the understanding of the
issues arising from the development of Grange Heights, we have appended to
this judgment, as Appendix 1, a site plan (not drawn to scale) showing the
location of the Dominant Tenements (_ie_ , Lot 111-30, Lot 111-32, Lot 111-33
and Lot 111-34) in relation to the Servient Tenement (_ie_ , Lot 111-31 of
Town Sub-Division 21) and Lot 561 (which has been amalgamated with Lot 111-34
to form Lot 687). (It should be noted that the attached site plan does not
take into account changes in the configurations and/or the lots numbers of any
of the Dominant Tenements other than Lot 111-34, since nothing in this
judgment turns on such developments, if any.) It can be seen from the site
plan that, as mentioned earlier (at [4] above), there is no access from Lot
561 to Grange Road and _vice versa_ except through Lot 111-34 and the Servient
Tenement (via the Right of Way). Hence, as all the residential apartments in
Grange Heights are sited on Lot 561, the Residents also have no access to
Grange Road except through Lot 111-34 and the Right of Way over the Servient
Tenement. The site plan also shows that, although Lot 561 has no access to
Grange Road, it has access to River Valley Road (via either St Thomas Walk or
River Valley Grove) and Killiney Road (via St Thomas Walk). The Residents have
been using St Thomas Walk, a public road, for access to Grange Heights since
1976. River Valley Grove is another public road which may be used for access
between Grange Heights and River Valley Road. However, there is no evidence as
to whether the Residents have been using River Valley Grove for this specific
purpose in the past and, if not, why they have not been doing so.

_The First Action_

(1) The decision of the HC

19 The First Action was commenced by Collin in 1974 against HL on the ground
that the latter, which was then in the course of developing Grange Heights on
Lot 111-34 and Lot 561, and its contractors were, _inter alia_ , using the
Right of Way for lorries to bring workers and construction materials to Lot
561 from Grange Road. Collin, in its capacity as a dominant owner, sought the
following reliefs against HL, which was likewise a dominant owner (see _Collin
Development (Pte) Ltd v Hong Leong Holdings Ltd_ [1975-1977] SLR 457 (“
_Grange Heights (No 1) (HC)_ ”) at 458, [7]):

(1) A declaration that the defendants Hong Leong Holdings Ltd [_ie_ , HL] as
the owners of Lot 561 … by their directors, officers, servants, workmen or
agents or any of them or otherwise howsoever are not entitled to use, nor as
such owners to permit or invite any persons or purchasers of apartments in ...
Grange Heights to use [the Servient Tenement] or any part thereof for the
purpose of passing either to or from Grange Road, Singapore aforesaid.

(2) An injunction to give effect to the said declaration restraining the
defendants as the owners of Lot 561 … by their directors, officers, servants,
workmen or agents or any of them or otherwise howsoever from so using and
inviting [the] purchasers [of apartments in Grange Heights] and other persons
so to use the said passage.

(3) Damages.

It should be noted that the declaration sought by Collin was in substance a
restatement of the principle in _Harris v Flower_ (1904) 74 LJ Ch 127 (“the
_Harris v Flower_ principle”). This principle states that a right of way which
is granted over a servient tenement in favour of a dominant tenement cannot be
used for the purposes of a non-dominant tenement as that would exceed the
rights of the dominant owner as defined by the terms of the grant. In the
context of the present case, the _Harris v Flower_ principle entails that,
since Mutual (the servient owner at the time of the Grant) granted the Right
of Way over the Servient Tenement for the benefit of the Dominant Tenements
(which include Lot 111-34 _but not_ Lot 561), the MC could not use the Right
of Way for the benefit of Lot 561. _Harris v Flower_ was cited in argument by
Collin. Although F A Chua J did not expressly refer to that case in his
judgment, he did in essence decide that Collin’s argument was not an answer to
HL’s contention that HL’s activities did not substantially interfere with
Collin’s enjoyment of the Right of Way and, therefore, Collin was not entitled
to prevent HL from using the Right of Way (see further [20] below).

20 In its defence, HL contended that, in law, Collin had no cause of action
unless it could prove that HL’s actions had caused substantial interference
with its (Collin’s) enjoyment of the Right of Way. Chua J agreed with this
legal submission (see _Grange Heights (No 1) (HC)_ ([19] _supra_) at 459,
[10]), citing _Hutton v Hamboro_ (1860) 2 F & F 218; 175 ER 1031 and _Pettey v
Parsons_ [1914] 2 Ch 653. Reference was also made to pp 580–581 of _Halsbury’s
Laws of England_ vol 12 (Butterworths & Co (Publishers) Ltd, 3rd Ed, 1955). On
the facts, HL denied that it had substantially interfered with Collin’s
enjoyment of the Right of Way as alleged or at all, or that it had evinced any
clear intention to continue any interference or disturbance as alleged or at
all.

21 HL contended that it was entitled to “an identical or [a] similar right of
way over [the Servient Tenement]” (see _Grange Heights (No 1) (HC)_ ([19]
_supra_) at 458, [8]), and could pass and repass over the Right of Way as well
as authorise other persons to do so. HL also counterclaimed for the following
declarations (_ibid_):

1\. For a declaration that the defendants [_ie_ , HL] are entitled to pass and
repass [the Servient Tenement] as a right of way [for] access to their
property Lot [111-34] ...

2\. For a declaration that the defendants are entitled to authorise other
persons to pass and repass the said right of way for access to Lot [111-34] or
elsewhere.

3\. For a declaration that the defendants are entitled to carry out
improvement of the said right of way over [the Servient Tenement].

4\. For a declaration that the defendants are entitled to authorise other
persons to pass and repass [the Servient Tenement] for access to Lot 561 so
long as such user does not substantially affect the plaintiffs’ [_ie_ ,
Collin’s] enjoyment of the [R]ight of [W]ay.

22 Collin obtained an interim injunction against HL, which was continued until
the trial of the action. By the time the trial was heard in 1976, the
development of Grange Heights was substantially completed. As we noted at [20]
above, at the trial, Chua J accepted HL’s submission on the law. He found
that, on the facts, there was no evidence that HL had caused substantial
interference with Collin’s enjoyment of the Right of Way. Accordingly, he
dismissed Collin’s action on the following grounds (see _Grange Heights (No 1)
(HC)_ ([19] _supra_) at 460–461, [16]–[22]):

[Collin] says that Grange Heights consists of 120 units of luxury apartments;
that there would be a car park for 188 cars; that if [HL] permits the
[R]esidents ... to use the [R]ight of [W]ay as a link road to Grange Road the
vehicular traffic on the [R]ight of [W]ay would be substantially increased and
would thereby seriously and adversely affect [Collin’s] enjoyment of the
[R]ight of [W]ay.

The evidence adduced by [Collins] only shows that there were activities
carried [out] on [the Servient Tenement] ... in 1975 and that persons were
walking along the [R]ight of [W]ay from Grange Road to Grange Heights and from
Grange Heights to Grange Road. The digging of the trench along the [R]ight of
[W]ay was not carried out by [HL] but by the Public Utilities Board. There is
no evidence that [Collin] has been substantially obstructed by these
activities.

...

I inspected the [R]ight of [W]ay on 21 October 1975 during the course of the
hearing and I found that the road on [the Servient Tenement] was in fairly
good condition and there was no difficulty for [Collin] to get to the houses
on [Lot 111-32] and [Lot 111-33].

Access to Grange Heights is now at two points, River Valley Road and St Thomas
Walk. As from March 1975 [the Servient Tenement] as an access road is excluded
from [HL’s] development. Even if [the Servient Tenement] is used as an access
road it is highly improbable that vehicular traffic from Grange Heights along
the [R]ight of [W]ay would be so heavy as to substantially interfere with
[Collin’s] enjoyment of the [R]ight of [W]ay.

I find that there has been no substantial interference of [Collin’s] enjoyment
of the [R]ight of [W]ay and consequently [Collin] has no cause of action
against [HL].

23 Chua J also dismissed HL’s counterclaim on the ground that HL could not
seek declaratory rights in relation to the Right of Way against Collin, which
did not own the Servient Tenement (_id_ at 461, [24]). In other words, whether
HL was entitled to use the Right of Way to access Lot 561 from Grange Road and
_vice versa_ was an issue to be decided between HL and the then owner of the
Servient Tenement, and not between HL and Collin, both of which were dominant
owners having the same entitlement to use the Right of Way.

(2) The decision of the CA

24 Collin appealed against the dismissal of its claim, but HL did not appeal
against the dismissal of its counterclaim. The CA dismissed Collin’s appeal
(see _Collin Development (Pte) Ltd v Hong Leong Holdings Ltd_ [1975-1977] SLR
202 (“ _Grange Heights (No 1) (CA)_ ”)). Wee Chong Jin CJ, delivering the
judgment of the CA, said (at 203–204, [7]–[11]):

... It is conceded that for the owner of a dominant tenement to succeed in an
application for a quia timet injunction, he has to show that there is likely
to be a substantial interference with his enjoyment of the right of way
granted to him over the servient tenement. The answer to that question depends
upon the nature of the right of way, of the locus in quo, and upon the general
circumstances of the case.

...

It is contended on behalf of [Collin] … that the volume of vehicular traffic
passing through the [S]ervient [T]enement from Grange Road to the 120 flats on
Lot 561 when they are completed and occupied must be such as to amount to a
substantial interference with [Collin’s] right to use the [S]ervient
[T]enement for ingress to and egress from the dominant tenement[s] [owned by
Collin]. It is submitted, having regard to [HL’s] evidence that the intention
is for the occupiers of the 120 flats to use the metalled road [on Lot 111-34]
which would run through the [S]ervient [T]enement as a one way [_sic_] road
for ingress to the flats from Grange Road, that such use would create a danger
to [Collin] in [its] enjoyment of [its] right to use the [S]ervient [T]enement
as a means of egress from [its] properties to Grange Road.

As we have said, the question turns on the facts and circumstances of the
particular case. The way in question is about 280 ft long and the metalled
portion will be 18 ft wide. It will be used as a one way [_sic_] road by the
occupiers, and their invitees, of 120 flats to their flats from Grange Road
but they will have other means of access to these flats. It is reasonable to
assume that all the occupiers of these flats own cars. It is also reasonable
to infer that not more than half of the occupiers would be passing along this
metalled road when they return to their flats from work, shops, markets, etc
nor would they be passing along it at the same time. [Collin] presently rarely
uses it and is unlikely to do so in the future. The trial judge was of the
opinion on the facts before him that it would be highly improbable that
vehicular traffic using it would be so heavy as to substantially interfere
with [Collin’s] right of way … For ourselves, we have arrived at a similar
view. As regards the element of danger, we are of the opinion that the volume
of vehicular traffic that is likely to use the [S]ervient [T]enement in the
near future would not be such as to constitute a danger to [Collin] in [its]
enjoyment of the [R]ight of [W]ay.

Accordingly, in our judgment no case has been made out for a quia timet
injunction at the present time.

25 In dismissing the appeal, Wee CJ added that Collin was not precluded from
seeking any remedy in the future “if and when the facts and circumstances ...
changed” (_id_ at 204, [12]). It is not clear whether Wee CJ, in making that
remark, had in mind circumstances where there might be substantial
interference with Collin’s enjoyment of the Right of Way or where HL’s use of
the Right of Way might contravene the _Harris v Flower_ principle. As will be
seen, the facts and the circumstances did change in 1997 after Lee Tat
acquired title to the Servient Tenement.

(3) Our observations on the decisions of the HC and the CA in the First Action

26 We have the following observations on the decisions of the HC and the CA in
the First Action:

(a) Chua J and the CA effectively rejected Collin’s argument (“Collin’s
argument in the First Action”), which was based on the _Harris v Flower_
principle, on the ground that that principle was not relevant for the purposes
of determining the rights of Collin and HL _inter se_ as dominant owners. This
was because a dominant owner had no right or standing to challenge a fellow
dominant owner’s use of a right of way which both dominant owners were
entitled to enjoy on the ground that such use infringed the terms of the
grant. The question of whether a dominant owner’s use of a right of way had
exceeded the terms of the grant was a matter between the servient owner who
had made the grant and the dominant owner, and not between two dominant owners
having the same entitlement to enjoy that right of way. A dominant owner was
only entitled to a remedy against his fellow dominant owner if the latter’s
use of the right of way had substantially interfered with the former’s
enjoyment of the same easement (see _Grange Heights (No 1) (HC)_ ([19]
_supra_) at 459, [10] and _Grange Heights (No 1) (CA)_ ([24] _supra_) at 203,
[7]). Correspondingly, HL’s counterclaim that it was entitled to use the Right
of Way to gain access to Lot 561 from Grange Road and _vice versa_ was, in our
view, correctly dismissed by Chua J since the then owner of the Servient
Tenement was not a party to the First Action (see _Grange Heights (No 1) (HC)_
at 461, [24]).

(b) Both Chua J and the CA found on the facts that HL had not substantially
interfered with Collin’s enjoyment of the Right of Way and dismissed Collin’s
claim on that ground (see _Grange Heights (No 1) (HC)_ at 461, [22] and
_Grange Heights (No 1) (CA)_ at 204, [10]–[11]). In other words, the _Harris v
Flower_ principle was not relevant to the issue to be determined in the First
Action.

(c) Both Chua J and the CA observed that it was highly improbable that
vehicular traffic from Grange Heights after its completion would be so heavy
as to substantially interfere with Collin’s enjoyment of the Right of Way (see
_Grange Heights (No 1) (HC)_ at 460–461, [21] and _Grange Heights (No 1) (CA)_
at 204, [10]). It should be noted, however, that these were speculative
statements of fact made in the context of whether there was substantial
interference by HL with Collin’s enjoyment of the Right of Way. These
statements were _not_ made in the context of a claim by a _servient_ owner
(_ie_ , the owner of the Servient Tenement) that HL was not entitled to use
the Right of Way for the purposes of Lot 561 and/or that such use would be
excessive and contrary to the terms of the Grant. It should also be noted that
the CA found that Collin “rarely use[d] [the Right of Way] and [was] unlikely
to do so in the near future” (see _Grange Heights (No 1) (CA)_ at 204, [10]).

_The Second Action_

(1) The decision of the HC

27 On 27 April 1989, the MC (which had by then been constituted under the Land
Titles (Strata) Act (Cap 158, 1988 Rev Ed)) commenced the Second Action for an
injunction and damages against Lee Tat (as Collin was by then known) for
blocking the Residents’ access to and use of the Right of Way. Lee Tat had
placed an iron gate across that end of the Servient Tenement which bordered
Grange Road (“the Grange Road end of the Servient Tenement”) and had erected a
fence across that end of the Servient Tenement which bordered Grange Heights.
The MC obtained an interim injunction restraining Lee Tat from obstructing the
Residents’ access to the Right of Way, and Lee Tat applied to have it
discharged.

28 Lee Tat’s application for the interim injunction to be discharged (“the
Discharge Application”) was heard by Punch Coomaraswamy J. Lee Tat’s case was
that the interim injunction should be discharged because:

(a) the Amalgamation had extinguished the MC’s right of way over the Servient
Tenement (“Issue (a) of the Second Action”); and

(b) the Residents were not entitled to use the Right of Way because they were
using it not for the purposes of the dominant tenement in favour of which that
right had been granted (_ie_ , Lot 111-34), but for the purposes of Lot 561,
the non-dominant tenement on which all the residential apartments in Grange
Heights stood (“Issue (b) of the Second Action”).

The CA in the Second Action took cognisance of the same issues (see _Lee Tat
Development Pte Ltd v Management Corporation of Grange Heights Strata Title No
301_ [1992] 2 SLR 865 (“ _Grange Heights (No 2) (CA)_ ”) at 868, [13]) and, as
will be seen, whether the CA decided those issues _then_ has an important
bearing on the outcome of this appeal. Issue (b) of the Second Action is in
fact the same as Collin’s argument in the First Action, which was premised on
the _Harris v Flower_ principle. Issue (b) of the Second Action also involves
the same question as that encapsulated in the Main Issue as well as the issue
raised in the Fourth Action.

29 In the HC, Lee Tat argued, in respect of Issue (a) of the Second Action,
that the Amalgamation had extinguished the MC’s entitlement to use the Right
of Way because “Lot 111-34 [had] ceased to exist. It [had become] part of Lot
687.”[note: 2] With regard to Issue (b) of the Second Action, Lee Tat relied
on the _Harris v Flower_ principle and contended, _inter alia_ , that the
Right of Way was “for [the] benefit of ... Lot 111-34 ... [and could not] be
passed to Lot 687”.[note: 3] In its defence, the MC argued that “[a]ll [the]
cases cited by [counsel for Lee Tat were] between [a] dominant tenant and [a]
servient tenant – [and] not between two dominant tenants”.[note: 4] In making
this submission, the MC effectively took the position that Lee Tat, not being
the owner of the Servient Tenement, could not rely on Issue (b) of the Second
Action. The MC further contended that Lee Tat had acquiesced in the Residents’
use of the Right of Way since 1976.

30 The HC rejected Lee Tat’s arguments on both Issue (a) of the Second Action
and Issue (b) of the Second Action. Coomaraswamy J held that the Right of Way
continued to exist in favour of Lot 111-34 despite the Amalgamation and, since
Lee Tat had conceded that there was no excessive use of the Right of Way by
the Residents, Lee Tat was not entitled to close the Right of Way and prevent
the Residents from using it. He accordingly dismissed the Discharge
Application and granted the MC a permanent injunction restraining Lee Tat from
interfering with the Residents’ use of the Right of Way (“the 1990
Injunction”). Coomaraswamy J’s reasons for so ruling are set out in
_Management Corp Strata Title No 301 v Lee Tat Development Pte Ltd_ [1990] SLR
1193 (“ _Grange Heights (No 2) (HC)_ ”) as follows (at 1195–1196, [7]–[11]):

_The question before me is whether [Lee Tat is] entitled … to prevent the
[R]esidents ... from using the [S]ervient [T]enement for gaining access to and
from Grange Road._ _The question turns on the rights of the [MC] and [Lee Tat]
and the extent of [their] rights over the [S]ervient [T]enement._ It is common
ground that the [MC] as the [owner] of [L]ot 111-34 and [Lee Tat] as [the
owner] of [Lot] 111-33 and [Lot] 111-32 have a right of way over the
[S]ervient [T]enement, which was granted to them or their predecessors in
title …

Plainly, the [MC’s] right of way is derived from or based on the [R]ight of
[W]ay given to [it] as [the owner] of [L]ot 111-34. The number 111-34 is no
longer the lot number for that parcel of land; that number has been
extinguished and the parcel of land has become and is ... part of [a] larger
parcel of land known as [L]ot 687. However, the land is still there and the
[R]ight of [W]ay ... remains intact. _The amalgamation of [Lot] 111-34 and
[Lot] 561 into one lot known as [L]ot 687 … does not destroy or extinguish the
[R]ight of [W]ay_ which runs with the land and enure[s] to the benefit of the
owners for the time being of the land. Accordingly … the [MC] as [the owner]
of the land, formerly known as [L]ot 111-34 but now a part of [L]ot 687, still
[has] the [R]ight of [W]ay over the [S]ervient [T]enement, and [Lee Tat] in
erecting the gate and the fence [has] interfered with the [MC’s] right of way.

[Lee Tat] has not complained, and it is not [its] case, that there has been
excessive use of the [S]ervient [T]enement by the [R]esidents ... Hence, the
question of excessive use of the [S]ervient [T]enement does not arise.

I now turn to the right[s] of [Lee Tat]. [It is] not the [owner] of the
[S]ervient [T]enement; [it is] the [owner] of the dominant tenements, namely,
[Lot] 111-33 and [Lot] 111-32 and [it] enjoy[s] a right of way over the
[S]ervient [T]enement. _[It is] entitled to take necessary steps to protect
[its] right of way and [to] have recourse to legal remedy against any
interference of [its] enjoyment of that right. However, [it is] not entitled
to erect the gate and the fence as [it] did and close the [R]ight of [W]ay,
which [it has] in common with others._ [It has] not shown to me that [it is]
entitled to do so. [It is] not complaining of any interference of [its right]
of way by the [MC] or any residents of Grange Heights. That is certainly not
[its] case here.

In the result, the application for [the] discharge of the interim injunction
is dismissed with costs. The substantive application in the originating
summons is allowed, and I grant to the [MC] the injunction asked for and
further order that [Lee Tat] remove the iron gate across the Grange Road end
of the [S]ervient [T]enement and the fence across the Grange Heights end
thereof.

[emphasis added]

(2) The decision of the CA

31 Lee Tat’s appeal to the CA was dismissed. The CA, in a judgment delivered
by Goh Joon Seng J, rejected Lee Tat’s arguments (as set out at [28]–[29]
above) and affirmed the decision of the HC on the following grounds (see
_Grange Heights (No 2) (CA)_ ([28] _supra_) at 869–871, [19]–[24]):

Sub-division and amalgamation are only for the purposes of survey, conveyance
and transfer of land and the issue of documents of title. On sub-division and
amalgamation of land, the dominant tenement does not cease to exist and the
right of way appurtenant thereto is not thereby extinguished. _On
amalgamation, so long as the user [of] the servient tenement is not excessive,
the enlargement of the dominant tenement by such amalgamation does not affect
the existence of the right of way._ In _Graham & Anor v Philcox & Anor_
[[1984] 1 QB 747] in an action by the owner of a dominant tenement against the
owner of the servient tenement, it was held that the right of way appurtenant
to the first floor of a coach house was not affected by the whole of the coach
house being turned into one dwelling. May LJ, at pp 756–757, said:

In none of the judgments in any of the cases to which Mr Godfrey [counsel for
the servient owner] referred us is there [any] suggestion that a mere
alteration of a dominant tenement to which a right of way may be appurtenant
is sufficient to extinguish it, or indeed to affect the entitlement to its use
unless as the result of that alteration the extent of the user is thereby
increased.

In my opinion, therefore, the mere alteration of the coach house into one
dwelling cannot have had any effect upon the existence of the right of way. It
should be borne in mind that there was no evidence whatever before the judge
that the actual or anticipated user by the plaintiffs of the way was in any
way excessive, either in quantity or quality.

_[Lee Tat] ... as [the owner] of [Lot] 111-32 and [Lot] 111-33 [is] only
entitled to protection of [its] right of way over [the Servient Tenement] if
[its] enjoyment of that right is substantially interfered with by the [MC]._
...

...

The [R]esidents ... have not subjected [the Servient Tenement] to such heavy
vehicular traffic as to substantially interfere with the right of way of [Lee
Tat]. In fact, they do not use it for vehicular traffic at all but only as a
footpath. ...

Therefore, there is still no likelihood of such excessive user as to
substantially interfere with [Lee Tat’s] right of way over this servient
tenement or to cause a nuisance to [Lee Tat].

[emphasis added]

(3) Our observations on the decisions of the HC and the CA in the Second
Action

32 The following are our observations on the decisions of the HC and the CA in
the Second Action:

(a) With regard to Issue (a) of the Second Action, both the HC and the CA held
that the Amalgamation did not destroy or extinguish the Right of Way. With
respect, this issue did not have to be decided at all in the Second Action
because neither the MC nor Lee Tat, as fellow dominant owners with equal
entitlement to use the Right of Way, was in a position to question the
existence of the easement _vis-à-vis_ the other; only the then owner of the
Servient Tenement could have done so.

(b) The HC cited no authority for its ruling on Issue (a) of the Second
Action, but the CA referred to _Graham v Philcox_ [1984] 1 QB 747 as authority
for the principle that “[o]n amalgamation, so long as the user [of] the
servient tenement [was] not excessive, the enlargement of the dominant
tenement by such amalgamation [did] not affect the existence of the right of
way” (see _Grange Heights (No 2) (CA)_ ([28] _supra_) at 869, [19]). In our
view, given the factual situation which existed at the time of the Second
Action, this principle (“the principle stated by the CA in the Second Action”)
was wrong for the reasons stated below:

(i) If the Residents intended to reach their apartments in Grange Heights
(which were all situated on Lot 561, the non-dominant tenement) from Grange
Road, they would have to cross from Grange Road to, first, Lot 111-34 (the
dominant tenement) and then Lot 561. It would have been contrary to the
_Harris v Flower_ principle for the Residents to use the Right of Way in this
manner as it would have entailed using the Right of Way, which had been
granted in favour of Lot 111-34, for the benefit of a non-dominant tenement
(_viz_ , Lot 561).

(ii) If the Residents intended to use the Right of Way to reach Grange Road
from their apartments in Grange Heights, they would have to cross from Lot 561
to Lot 111-34 (the dominant tenement) first, before proceeding from Lot 111-34
to Grange Road. Although the Right of Way could be used for passage between
Lot 111-34 and Grange Road (Lot 111-34 being one of the Dominant Tenements),
such use of the Right of Way by the Residents at the time of the Second Action
would inevitably have resulted in excessive use of the easement. This is
because, at the time the Grant was made, the Right of Way (in relation to Lot
111-34) was meant to be enjoyed by only the occupants of and the visitors to
the one bungalow which then stood on Lot 111-34 (_cf_ the (approximately) 120
households residing in Grange Heights at the time of the Second Action).

(iii) In either of the situations delineated at sub-paras (i) and (ii) above,
the owner of the Servient Tenement at the time of the Second Action would have
been entitled to an order of court permanently restraining the Residents’
unlawful use of the Right of Way. This in turn would have meant that, _vis-à-
vis_ the then owner of the Servient Tenement, the Residents were not entitled
to use the Right of Way so long as Grange Heights stood on Lot 561 and Lot
111-34 (as amalgamated as Lot 687). The Right of Way would revive for the
benefit of Lot 111-34 alone if that lot were restored to its original state as
at the time of the Grant. This is because, as stated in Jonathan Gaunt QC &
Paul Morgan QC, _Gale on Easements_ (Sweet & Maxwell, 17th Ed, 2002) at para
12-77, “[a] previously existing right [of way] will _not_ be affected by acts
of excessive user or usurpation ... _if ..._ _the extent of the excess can be
ascertained_ ” [emphasis added]. However, at the time of the Second Action, it
was practically impossible to restore Lot 111-34 to its original state due to
the developments and changes which had taken place since the completion of
Grange Heights (see further [93] below). In truth, at the time of the Second
Action, the Right of Way had already effectively been extinguished by
operation of law with respect to Lot 111-34 (see [93], [102]–[106] and [109]
below).

(c) In our view, _Graham v Philcox_ does _not_ support the principle stated by
the CA in the Second Action. _Graham v Philcox_ was concerned with the
alteration of a dominant tenement in rather unusual circumstances. In that
case, a right of way had been granted to the first floor flat of a coach house
(“the upper flat”), but not the flat on the ground floor (“the lower flat”).
The upper flat and the lower flat were originally occupied as two separate and
distinct dwelling units. Subsequently, the entire coach house was conveyed to
the plaintiffs, who occupied it as a single dwelling unit. The plaintiffs
contended that they were entitled to continue using the right of way by virtue
of s 62(2) of the Law of Property Act 1925 (c 20) (UK), which stated that a
conveyance of land was deemed to include “all ... easements ... at the time of
the conveyance ... enjoyed with ... the land, houses, or other buildings
conveyed ... or any part thereof”. In response, the defendants, who were the
owners of the servient tenement, argued that, since the dominant tenement for
whose benefit the right of way was being claimed (namely, the entire coach
house) was larger than the dominant tenement for whose benefit the right of
way was originally granted (namely, the upper flat), under the _Harris v
Flower_ principle, the plaintiffs could not use the right of way given that
the upper flat and the lower flat had been combined into a single residence.
May LJ noted that “there was no evidence whatever ... that the actual or
anticipated user by the plaintiffs of the [right of] way was in any way
excessive, either in quantity or quality” (see _Graham v Philcox_ at 757). It
was in these circumstances that May LJ rejected the suggestion by the
defendants’ counsel that the mere alteration of a dominant tenement could
extinguish an easement appurtenant to the land or affect the entitlement to
use that easement (_id_ at 756–757), and held that the effect of s 62 of the
Law of Property Act 1925 was to annex the benefit of the right of way to the
whole coach house (_id_ at 757). In this regard, it is significant that _Gale
on Easements_ takes the view (at para 9-30) that _Graham v Philcox_ “is really
concerned with the operation of section 62 [of the Law of Property Act 1925]
and does not affect the principle ... in _Harris v. Flower_ ”.

(d)  In our view, a non-dominant tenement cannot become, for the purposes of
an easement created by a grant, part of the dominant tenement simply by
amalgamation with the dominant tenement, especially where the non-dominant
tenement is far larger than the dominant tenement (as in the present case,
where Lot 561 is more than three times larger than Lot 111-34).

(e)  It is clear that, in raising Issue (a) of the Second Action, Lee Tat did
so, and could have done so, only in its capacity as a dominant owner
(specifically, as the owner of the dominant tenements, Lot 111-32 and Lot
111-33) as it did not then own the Servient Tenement. Although the CA in the
Second Action referred to _Graham v Philcox_ , which (as mentioned in sub-para
(c) above) involved a dispute between servient owners and dominant owners,
there is nothing in _Grange Heights (No 2) (CA)_ to suggest that the CA
regarded Lee Tat’s argument on Issue (a) of the Second Action as an assertion
of the rights of the then owner of the Servient Tenement. In this connection,
it is interesting to note that the CA stated in its judgment that Mutual had
presumably been dissolved already (_id_ at 867, [4]). This suggests that the
CA, in deciding the appeal in the Second Action, did not have in mind the
rights of the then owner of the Servient Tenement. Therefore, the decision of
the HC and the CA that the Amalgamation had not destroyed the Right of Way was
not intended to, and did not, bind the then owner of the Servient Tenement,
who was not a party to the Second Action, but only bound Lee Tat as the
dominant owner of Lot 111-32 and Lot 111-33. In other words, both the HC and
the CA decided Issue (a) of the Second Action in the context of the rights of
two dominant owners _inter se_.

(f) The HC’s decision (at 1195–1196, [10] of _Grange Heights (No 2) (HC)_
([30] _supra_)) that Lee Tat, as a dominant owner, was only entitled to
prevent the MC from substantially interfering with its enjoyment of the Right
of Way – but not to block the MC’s access to and use of the Right of Way –
effectively amounted to a ruling that Lee Tat could not raise Issue (b) of the
Second Action as only the then owner of the Servient Tenement had the
requisite _locus standi_ to raise that issue. This aspect of the HC’s holding
in the Second Action mirrors Chua J’s dismissal of Collin’s claim and HL’s
counterclaim in the First Action (see [23] and [26] above). The CA in the
Second Action agreed with the HC that Lee Tat, not being the owner of the
Servient Tenement, could only prevent its enjoyment of the Right of Way from
being substantially interfered with by the Residents; apart from that, Lee Tat
was not entitled to bar the Residents from using the Right of Way for the
purposes of Lot 561 (see _Grange Heights (No 2) (CA)_ at 869, [20]) as that
was a matter between the Residents and the then owner of the Servient
Tenement.

(g) The decisions of the HC and the CA, as set out at sub-paras (a) and (f)
above, _did not_ constitute a ruling on the merits of Issue (b) of the Second
Action (which, as we pointed out at [28] above, involves the same question as
that encapsulated in the issue raised in the Fourth Action). This is because
Issue (b) of the Second Action could only be decided between the MC and the
then owner of the Servient Tenement, and the latter was not a party to the
Second Action. The HC and the CA held, in substance, that Lee Tat, which did
not own the Servient Tenement at the time of the Second Action, had no _locus
standi_ to raise Issue (b) of the Second Action. The fact that Issue (b) of
the Second Action was _not_ decided is, in our view, all the more evident when
one examines Lee Tat’s written case for its appeal in the Second Action. At
para 4.3 of its written case, Lee Tat submitted that:[note: 5]

The real question for determination is whether the [Residents] are entitled to
use [the Servient Tenement] as a right of way to their apartments, and not
whether [Lee Tat is] entitled to stop them from using [the Servient Tenement].

The “real question” as framed by Lee Tat is essentially the same as Issue (b)
of the Second Action. The CA in the Second Action did not rule on this point
at all. Instead, like the HC, it focused on the circumstances in which Lee
Tat, as a dominant owner, was entitled to protection, _vis-à-vis_ the MC, of
its entitlement to enjoy the Right of Way.

(h) Even if the decisions of the HC and the CA in the Second Action were
relevant to Issue (b) of the Second Action and, thus, the issue raised in the
Fourth Action, they would not necessarily have provided the MC with a defence
(in the form of issue estoppel) to Lee Tat’s claims in the Fourth Action. This
is because the courts’ decisions in the Second Action rested on the factual
premise that, in spite of the Amalgamation, there was no likelihood of such
excessive use of the Right of Way by the MC as to substantially interfere with
Lee Tat’s enjoyment of that easement or cause a nuisance to Lee Tat (see
_Grange Heights (No 2) (HC)_ at 1195–1196, [9]–[10] and _Grange Heights (No 2)
(CA)_ at 871, [24]). The factual situation would change if, for instance, the
Right of Way were used by all or a substantial number of the Residents and
their visitors simultaneously, in contrast to the scenario posited by the CA
in the First Action (see _Grange Heights (No 1) (CA)_ ([24] _supra_) at 203,
[10]). As K R Handley, _Spencer Bower, Turner and Handley:_ _The Doctrine of
Res Judicata_ (Butterworths, 3rd Ed, 1996) (“ _Spencer Bower_ ”) states at
para 383, “[t]here is substantial authority that there can be no _res
judicata_ in a changing situation”. Sundaresh Menon JC succinctly made the
same point in _Goh Nellie v Goh Lian Teck_ [2007] 1 SLR 453 (at [34]) as
follows:

[T]he issues must be identical in the sense that the prior decision must
traverse the same ground as the subsequent proceeding and _the facts and
circumstances giving rise to the earlier decision must not have changed or
should be incapable of change_. [emphasis added]

_The Fourth Action_

(1) The decision of the HC

33 In the Fourth Action, Lee Tat, as the owner of the Servient Tenement,
sought the following reliefs:[note: 6]

1\. a declaration that the ... easement [granted] in favour of inter alia, Lot
111-34 was not intended to be made appurtenant to ... Lot 561 and now part of
Lot 687 ...

2\. a declaration that the amalgamation of Lot 111-34 with ... Lot 561 ... to
form Lot 687 did not result in the conferment of any easement rights to Lot
561 and/or Lot 687 being land other than the dominant tenement (Lot 111-34);

3\. a declaration that the right of way over Lot 111-31 shall not be used as
an access to Lot 687;

4\.  a permanent injunction to prohibit all the owners, residents, occupants
and/or visitors of the apartments in the condominium known as Grange Heights
from using any part of Lot 111-31 to access Grange Heights from Grange Road
and vice versa absolutely and indefinitely;

5\. an order directing the Registrar of Titles and Deeds to expunge any and
all entries, notices and registration of any easements or Orders of Court
registered against Lot 111-31 in the Index to Land Books in the Registry of
Deeds and [the] Land Register comprised in Certificate of Title Vol. 464 Folio
159;

6\. further and/or alternatively, a declaratory order that all the owners,
residents, occupants and/or visitors of the apartments in the condominium
known as Grange Heights are not entitled to use any part of Lot 111-31 to
access Grange Heights from Grange Road absolutely and indefinitely ...

34 It should be noted that the first three declarations sought by Lee Tat were
nothing more than a restatement of the _Harris v Flower_ principle. If those
declarations had been granted by the court, it would have meant that the
Residents would no longer be entitled to use the Right of Way to access Lot
561 from Grange Road and _vice versa_. The fourth, fifth and sixth reliefs
were merely consequential orders to be made if the first three declarations
were granted. In the Fourth Action, Lee Tat contended that it was entitled to
bring up the Main Issue (as framed in the form of the issue raised in the
Fourth Action) and could rely on the _Harris v Flower_ principle for that
purpose as it was suing in its capacity as the owner of the Servient Tenement;
in contrast, in the First Action and the Second Action, it had raised the Main
Issue (as framed in the form of Collin’s argument in the First Action and
Issue (b) of the Second Action respectively) as a dominant owner, and the
courts in those actions had held that it was not entitled to raise that issue
and to rely on the _Harris v Flower_ principle in support of its case.

35 The MC’s main defence in the Fourth Action was that Lee Tat was estopped
from re-litigating the issue raised in the Fourth Action by cause of action
and/or issue estoppel as that issue had already been decided against Collin
(Lee Tat’s predecessor in title) and Lee Tat in the First Action and the
Second Action respectively. Lee Tat’s reply was that neither form of estoppel
could operate against it as it was suing in the Fourth Action as a servient
owner, whereas it had litigated the First Action and the Second Action as a
dominant owner. Based on this joinder of issue, the HC proceeded to determine
whether estoppel applied.

36 The HC identified the issue raised in the Fourth Action as being the same
as the Main Issue (see _Grange Heights (No 4) (HC)_ ([8] _supra_) at [17]; see
also [14] above), and held that Lee Tat was indeed estopped from re-litigating
the issue raised in the Fourth Action as that issue had already been decided
against Lee Tat in the Second Action (although it had not been decided against
Collin in the First Action). The HC’s reasoning was as follows (see _Grange
Heights (No 4) (HC)_ at [30]):

… [The HC in the Second Action] had decided the Issue [_viz_ , the issue
raised in the Fourth Action], _ie_ whether the [R]esidents ... could use the
[R]ight of [W]ay to gain access not only to [L]ot 111-34 but also to [L]ot
561, since the question of interference with Lee Tat’s rights was not the
issue before [the court].

37 The HC then dealt with Lee Tat’s argument that it was not estopped from
bringing up the issue raised in the Fourth Action by either the decision in
the First Action or that in the Second Action because it had not been a party
to those actions in its capacity as a servient owner (_id_ at [31]):

... Mr Tan [Lee Tat’s lead counsel] stressed that [the HC in the Second
Action] had noted that Lee Tat was not the owner of the [S]ervient [T]enement
but the owner of dominant tenements. _He submitted that therefore there was no
cause of action or issue estoppel against Lee Tat. Yet ... Mr Tan did not
assert that Lee Tat could avoid such an estoppel, if it existed, on the ground
that [Lee Tat] was now claiming in its capacity as [the] owner of the
[S]ervient [T]enement. Mr Tan’s argument was that the Issue had not been
decided in either the First [Action] or the Second Action_. [emphasis added]

The statement in the above passage that Lee Tat’s lead counsel had not
asserted that Lee Tat could avoid the operation of cause of action or issue
estoppel was a reference to the HC’s comment that (_id_ at [19]):

… Mr Tan ... did not assert that if [the court] were to find that there was
... cause of action or issue estoppel against Lee Tat arising from the
decisions in either one or both of the First [Action] and [the] Second
[Action], Lee Tat could nevertheless avoid the estoppel because Lee Tat was a
party in these two actions only in its capacity as [the] owner of two of the
[D]ominant [T]enements. Accordingly, Mr Tan sought to establish that the Issue
had not been raised or, if raised, had not been decided in either the First
[Action] or the Second Action. Mr Edwin Lee, counsel for the [MC], sought to
establish that it had been raised and decided or that it should have been
raised.

Consequent upon this observation, the HC held that Lee Tat was estopped from
arguing the issue raised in the Fourth Action as it had already been decided
in the Second Action (_id_ at [30]–[37]), and the fact that Lee Tat was not
then the owner of the Servient Tenement was not relevant (_id_ at [39]).

38 In our view, the HC’s observation at [19] of _Grange Heights (No 4) (HC)_
([8] _supra_) is inherently self-contradictory as it suggests that Lee Tat
could have avoided the operation of cause of action and/or issue estoppel if
the court had found that estoppel did indeed arise. Clearly, what Lee Tat’s
counsel must have meant was that, since Lee Tat had not been a party to either
the First Action or the Second Action as a servient owner (which was the
capacity in which Lee Tat litigated the Fourth Action), it was not bound by
the decisions or any rulings of fact or law made in those actions.

39 The HC’s confusion is quite apparent from its finding that there was no
cause of action or issue estoppel against Collin (as Lee Tat was known at the
time of the First Action) arising from Chua J’s decision in the First Action.
In _Grange Heights (No 4)_ _(HC)_ ([8] _supra_) at [24]–[25], the HC held:

24 Chua J accepted [HL’s] submission that Collin had no cause of action unless
Collin proved that [HL’s] steps had caused substantial interference with
Collin’s own right of way. After hearing arguments and inspecting the [R]ight
of [W]ay, _Chua J found that there was no substantial interference with
Collin’s enjoyment of its right of way and dismissed Collin’s claim with
costs._ _[HL’s] counterclaim was also dismissed with costs by Chua J as the
judge was of the view that [HL] could not obtain the declarations [which] it
sought because Collin was not the owner of the [S]ervient [T]enement._

25 _In such circumstances, I was of the view that there was no cause of action
or issue estoppel against Collin arising from Chua J’s decision._

[emphasis added]

40 The declarations sought by HL in its counterclaim in the First Action (see
[21] above) were the exact counterparts of the reliefs sought by Collin in
that action (see [19] above). One of the reliefs sought by Collin was a
declaration that HL and the Residents were not entitled to use the Right of
Way for the purposes of Lot 561; this relief addressed, in substance, the Main
Issue (as framed in the form of Collin’s argument in the First Action).
Likewise, HL’s counterclaim in the First Action brought into play the Main
Issue. Chua J dismissed Collin’s claim on the ground that Collin, not being
the owner of the Servient Tenement, could not raise the Main Issue (as framed
in the form of Collin’s argument in the First Action) against HL.
Correspondingly, he also dismissed HL’s counterclaim because he held
(correctly, in our view) that HL could not raise the Main Issue against Collin
for the same reason (_viz_ , Collin was not the owner of the Servient
Tenement).

41 The HC in the Fourth Action, in holding that the First Action did not give
rise to any estoppel against Collin, recognised that Collin’s argument in the
First Action had not been ruled on by either the HC or the CA in the First
Action (see _Grange Heights (No 4) (HC)_ ([8] _supra_) at [24]–[25]
(reproduced at [39] above)). Logically, therefore, since Collin’s argument in
the First Action was the same as Issue (b) of the Second Action (see [28]
above) and since Lee Tat had litigated the Second Action in the same capacity
as that in which Collin litigated the First Action, the HC in the Fourth
Action should, in our view, have found that Issue (b) of the Second Action had
similarly not been decided in the Second Action. This is because Lee Tat,
which was not the owner of the Servient Tenement at the time of the Second
Action, could not have relied on Issue (b) of the Second Action in those
proceedings. It therefore follows that the HC’s finding in the Fourth Action
that no estoppel arose against Collin as a result of the First Action was
_inconsistent_ with its ruling that an estoppel did arise against Lee Tat from
the Second Action. In our view, the confusion arose because the HC in the
Fourth Action assumed that, since what was in substance the Main Issue (as
framed in the form of Issue (b) of the Second Action) had been canvassed by
Lee Tat in the Second Action, the courts in that action must have decided that
issue. This assumption is wrong as the true position is that the Main Issue
was not decided in either the First Action or the Second Action for two
reasons. First, it was not necessary for the courts in those actions to rule
on the Main Issue for the purposes of deciding the respective questions before
them, (namely, _vis-à-vis_ the First Action, whether HL had substantially
interfered with Collin’s enjoyment of the Right of Way, and, _vis-à-vis_ the
Second Action, whether Lee Tat, as a dominant owner, was entitled to prevent
the Residents, its fellow dominant owners, from using the Right of Way for
access to and from Grange Road). Second, the Main Issue could only have been
determined _vis-à-vis_ the then owner of the Servient Tenement; the owner of
the Servient Tenement was not, however, a party to either the First Action or
the Second Action.

42 Other passages in the HC’s judgment in the Fourth Action also show that the
HC misunderstood what had been decided in the Second Action. In _Grange
Heights (No 4) (HC)_ ([8] _supra_), the HC commented on the CA’s decision in
the Second Action as follows:

34 I was ... of the view that the … part of the [CA’s] judgment [in the Second
Action] dealing with the enlargement of the dominant tenement by amalgamation
and the case of _Graham v Philcox_ [1984] QB 747 was the decision of the [CA]
on the second contention raised by Lee Tat [_ie_ , Issue (b) of the Second
Action] …

35 It was not disputed that the second contention was the same as the Issue
[_ie_ , the issue raised in the Fourth Action]. However, Mr Tan [Lee Tat’s
lead counsel] went so far as to assert that there was not even an _obiter
[dictum]_ by the [CA] on the second contention. He supported his argument by
referring to (a) that part of [_Grange Heights (No 2) (CA)_], subsequent to
the reference to _Graham v Philcox_ , which mentioned, at 869, [20], that Lee
Tat was only entitled to protection of its right of way if its enjoyment of
that right was substantially interfered with by the [MC] and (b) the last part
of [_Grange Heights (No 2) (CA)_], at 870 and 871, [23] and [24], which dealt
with [the point that there was] no substantial interference with Lee Tat’s
right of way. Mr Tan suggested that the question of substantial interference
was the issue in the Second Action.

36 Bearing in mind that both [the HC] and [the CA] had stated explicitly that
it was not Lee Tat’s case that there had been substantial interference with
its right of way, it was obvious to me that that was not the issue in the
Second Action.

37 Also, bearing in mind that [the CA] had clearly set out the two contentions
of Lee Tat [_ie_ , Issue (a) of the Second Action and Issue (b) of the Second
Action], I was of the view that those were the issues and the [CA] did decide
on both of them.

38 In the circumstances, the references in [the CA’s] judgment to Collin’s/Lee
Tat’s entitlement [to] protection if its right of way was substantially
interfered with and to the non-substantial interference by the [R]esidents ...
were _obiter dicta_.

...

41 In my view, an owner of some dominant tenements can raise the issue [of]
the scope of the right of way enjoyed by another owner of another dominant
tenement if it were alleged that the right of way enjoyed by the other owner
affected the first owner’s enjoyment of his own right of way. To this extent,
I was of the view that Chua J could have granted the declaration sought by
[HL] … in the First Action. In any event, the Issue was raised and argued by
Lee Tat and answered in the Second Action. Accordingly, it did not lie in Lee
Tat’s mouth to argue that even if it had raised the Issue in the Second
Action, it had no _locus standi_ to do so.

...

43 In the circumstances, I was of the view that although Lee Tat had become
the owner of the [S]ervient [T]enement, it remained bound by the decision of
the [CA] in the Second Action on the Issue. There was issue estoppel. It was
not entitled to raise the Issue afresh in [OS 825/2004]. Likewise, if Lee Tat
had subsequently acquired another dominant tenement, assuming there was one to
be acquired, it would still have been bound by the said decision. Otherwise,
Lee Tat could raise the Issue afresh each time it acquired another dominant
tenement.

44 Furthermore, if Lee Tat were not bound by the [CA’s] decision in the Second
Action because it is the owner of the [S]ervient [T]enement and if it were
then to succeed in its argument on the Issue, this would mean that the [CA’s]
decision would be rendered nugatory.

43 We have the following observations on the above passages:

(a) With regard to [34]–[35] of _Grange Heights (No 4) (HC)_ ([8] _supra_),
_Graham v Philcox_ ([32] _supra_) was _not_ relevant to both the factual
matrix in the Second Action and the decision of the CA therein because Lee Tat
was then litigating as a dominant owner. In _Graham v Philcox_ , the dispute
was between servient owners and dominant owners as to the rights of the latter
under the grant which created the easement (see sub-para (c) of [32] above),
whereas, in the Second Action, the dispute was between two dominant owners
_inter se_. More importantly, contrary to what the HC in the Fourth Action
thought (see [34] of _Grange Heights (No 4) (HC)_), Issue (b) of the Second
Action was _not_ decided by the CA in the Second Action for two reasons (in
this regard, see also [41] above). First, that issue could only have been
decided between the MC and the then owner of the Servient Tenement, which was
_not_ Lee Tat at that time. Second, it was not necessary for the court to
decide Issue (b) of the Second Action for the purposes of determining the
question before it, which was whether Lee Tat, _as a dominant owner_ , was
entitled to obstruct the Residents’ access to and use of the Right of Way.

(b)  With regard to [36] of _Grange Heights (No 4) (HC)_ , the question of
whether there had been substantial interference by the MC with Lee Tat’s use
of the Right of Way was not a live issue in the Second Action as Lee Tat had
conceded that there was no such interference. That question (which concerned
the rights of the MC and Lee Tat _inter se_ as dominant owners) bore no
relevance to the issue raised in the Fourth Action (which concerned the rights
of the MC as a dominant owner and Lee Tat as a servient owner respectively).
As a result of that concession coupled with the fact that Lee Tat did not at
the time of the Second Action own the Servient Tenement, the HC’s ruling in
the Second Action that Lee Tat was not entitled to close the Right of Way so
as to prevent the MC from using it was a foregone conclusion.

(c) With regard to [37] of _Grange Heights (No 4) (HC)_ , the fact that the CA
in the Second Action set out the two contentions of Lee Tat (_ie_ , Issue (a)
of the Second Action and Issue (b) of the Second Action) did not necessarily
mean that the CA eventually decided both issues. In fact, as we pointed out
earlier (at sub-para (g) of [32] above), the court ruled on Issue (a) of the
Second Action only, but not Issue (b) of the Second Action. Following from its
decision on Issue (a) of the Second Action (_viz_ , that the Amalgamation did
not affect the Residents’ entitlement to use the Right of Way), the CA went on
to hold that, since both Lee Tat and the Residents were equally entitled to
use the Right of Way and since Lee Tat had not complained that the Residents
had substantially interfered with its enjoyment of the Right of Way, Lee Tat
had no right to prevent the Residents from using that easement. The CA’s
decision in the Second Action (and, likewise, the HC’s decision in that
action) did not imply that the Residents could use the Right of Way to access
Lot 561 from Grange Road and _vice versa_. Clearly, the CA (as well as the HC)
in the Second Action did not decide the Main Issue (as framed in the form of
Issue (b) of the Second Action).

(d) With regard to [38] of _Grange Heights (No 4) (HC)_ , the HC was wrong to
hold that “the references in [the CA]’s judgment [in the Second Action] to ...
Lee Tat’s entitlement [to] protection if its right of way was substantially
interfered with ... were _obiter dicta_ ” (_ibid_). In the Second Action, the
fact that, as conceded by Lee Tat, there was no substantial interference with
Lee Tat’s enjoyment of the Right of Way lay at the heart of the CA’s decision
to affirm the HC’s dismissal of the Discharge Application and the grant of the
1990 Injunction.

(e) With regard to [41] of _Grange Heights (No 4) (HC)_ , we are of the view
that the HC’s statement that Chua J could have allowed HL’s counterclaim in
the First Action is wrong in law. Chua J had no jurisdiction to declare HL’s
rights against Collin in relation to the Right of Way as the latter was not
the owner of the Servient Tenement at the time of the First Action. In any
case, any declaration granted to HL would have been ineffective against the
then owner of the Servient Tenement as it was not a party to the First Action.
In our view, Chua J, in dismissing HL’s counterclaim (see _Grange Heights (No
1) (HC)_ ([19] _supra_) at 461, [24]), was effectively deciding that the Main
Issue was not relevant to the issue before him.

(f) With regard to [43] of _Grange Heights (No 4) (HC)_ , we agree that Lee
Tat was bound by the CA’s decision in the Second Action, but only in its
capacity as the _dominant_ owner of Lot 111-32 and Lot 111-33. It was not
bound by that decision in its capacity as a _servient_ owner, _viz_ , as the
owner of the Servient Tenement (in this regard, see our earlier observation at
sub-para (e) of [32] above). It is an established principle that “[a] person
who litigates in different rights is in law separate persons” (see _Spencer
Bower_ ([32] _supra_) at para 221 and the authorities cited at n 38 therein).
Collin and Lee Tat did not participate in the First Action and the Second
Action respectively as servient owners, and, thus, any decision made in those
actions could not have affected Lee Tat’s right as a servient owner after it
acquired title to the Servient Tenement in 1997. Moreover, the Main Issue (as
framed in the form of Collin’s argument in the First Action and Issue (b) of
the Second Action respectively) was not decided in both the First Action and
the Second Action for the reasons stated at [41] above. Accordingly, Lee Tat
could not have been estopped from litigating in the Fourth Action any issue
affecting its interests in the Right of Way _as the owner of the Servient
Tenement_ , including the Main Issue (as framed in the form of the issue
raised in the Fourth Action).

(g) With regard to [44] of _Grange Heights (No 4) (HC)_ , contrary to the HC’s
view, a decision in Lee Tat’s favour on the issue raised in the Fourth Action
would not have rendered the CA’s decision in the Second Action nugatory for
two reasons. First, the CA’s decision in the Second Action would continue to
bind Lee Tat as a dominant owner. Second, the issue decided in the Second
Action (which corresponds to Issue  _(a)_ of the Second Action) was different
from the issue raised in the Fourth Action (which corresponds to Issue  _(b)_
of the Second Action).

(2) The decision of the CA

(A) THE MAJORITY JUDGMENT

44 As mentioned at [14] above, Lee Tat’s appeal to the CA in the Fourth Action
was dismissed by the Majority Judges on substantially the same grounds as
those given by the HC. Unfortunately, the Majority Judges also misunderstood
in equal measure the arguments of Lee Tat on the Main Issue (as framed in
terms of the issue raised in the Fourth Action) and the question of estoppel.
In contrast, Chao Hick Tin JA’s dissenting judgment, in our view, explains
clearly the issues which were _raised_ in the First Action and the Second
Action as well as the issues which were _actually decided_ therein (see
[62]–[66] below). We will first set out the relevant passages in the Majority
Judgment for comment.

45 In _Grange Heights (No 4) (CA)_ ([8] _supra_), the Majority Judges said at
[2]:

Agreeing with [the HC in the Fourth Action], we dismissed the appeal. In our
judgment, issue estoppel arises because the precise issue in this appeal,
which is whether the [R]esidents ... have a right of way over [the Servient
Tenement] to gain access to and from Grange Road, has been finally and
conclusively determined on the merits by courts of competent jurisdiction in
the 1989 proceedings [_ie_ , the Second Action].

With respect, as we have explained earlier (see [41] as well as sub-paras (c)
and (f) of [43] above), the “precise issue” mentioned in the above passage,
which is in essence the Main Issue, was not decided in the Second Action (nor
in the First Action) although it was raised in the Second Action (as well as
the First Action). The courts in both the First Action and the Second Action
did not find it necessary to determine the Main Issue for the purposes of
determining the respective issues before them, which did not concern the point
as to whether or not the Right of Way could be used for the benefit of Lot
561, a non-dominant tenement. Instead, in the First Action, the question
before the court was whether HL had substantially interfered with Collin’s
enjoyment of the Right of Way and, in the Second Action, the question before
the court was whether Lee Tat, as a dominant owner, was entitled to prevent
its fellow dominant owners (_ie_ , the Residents) from using the Right of Way
even though, as conceded by Lee Tat, there had been no excessive use of the
easement by the Residents. The courts in the First Action and the Second
Action effectively ruled that Collin (in the First Action) and Lee Tat (in the
Second Action) were not competent to raise the Main Issue, which affected only
the rights of the then owner of the Servient Tenement.

46 In _Grange Heights (No 4) (CA)_ ([8] _supra_) at [13], the Majority Judges,
in response to Lee Tat’s argument that it had not been a party to the Second
Action as a dominant owner, said:

We ... note that none of the cases cited by Lee Tat stood for the proposition
that a dominant tenement owner could never question the inappropriate scope of
use of the right of way by a fellow dominant tenement owner. Accordingly, we
reject [Lee Tat’s] _locus standi_ argument [_ie_ , Lee Tat’s argument that it
had no _locus standi_ to raise the Main Issue in the Second Action].

With respect, the logic in this passage is questionable. The mere fact that
the cases cited by Lee Tat did not show that a dominant owner could not
challenge a fellow dominant owner’s inappropriate use of a right of way did
not mean that the opposite proposition was true and that Lee Tat therefore had
the requisite _locus standi_ in the Second Action to bring up the Main Issue
(as framed in the form of Issue (b) of the Second Action).

47 We note that, in support of its argument on the Main Issue, Lee Tat cited
the following authorities: _Harris v Flower_ ([19] _supra_), _Re Gordon and
Regan_ (1985) 15 DLR (4th) 641 (“ _Gordon and Regan (HC)_ ”), _Bracewell v
Appleby_ [1975] Ch 408 and _Peacock v Custins_ [2002] 1 WLR 1815. Except for
the Canadian case of _Gordon and Regan (HC)_ , which concerned a dispute
_between dominant owners_ _inter se_ , the other three cases, which were all
decisions of the English courts, concerned disputes _between servient owners
and dominant owners vis-à-vis_ the extent of the latter’s rights over
easements appurtenant to their dominant tenements.

48 In _Gordon and Regan (HC)_ ([47] _supra_), the dispute, as just mentioned,
was between dominant owners _inter se_ , and the court applied the _Harris v
Flower_ principle in adjudicating the dispute. Briefly, the facts of that case
were as follows. Two dominant owners (“the applicants”) wanted to sub-divide
the dominant tenement which they owned into two, with the intention that the
owners of the sub-divided properties would drive over the right of way to park
their vehicles on a non-dominant tenement adjoining the applicants’ dominant
tenement. The applicants sought from the court a declaration that the proposed
use of the right of way by the owners of the sub-divided properties was not
prohibited by the terms of the deed which granted the right of way. Their
fellow dominant owners (“the respondents”), who were entitled to use the same
right of way, objected. The Ontario High Court, citing _Harris v Flower_ ([19]
_supra_), held that the proposed use of the easement by the owners of the sub-
divided properties as an access route to the non-dominant tenement was not
permitted; its decision was affirmed on appeal by the Ontario Court of Appeal
(see _Re Gordon and Regan_ (1990) 66 DLR (4th) 384 (“ _Gordon and Regan (CA)_
”)).

49 At first glance, _Gordon and Regan (HC)_ ([47] _supra_) might give the
impression that a dominant owner is entitled to rely on the rights of a
servient owner in order to prevent a fellow dominant owner from using a right
of way which is common to both dominant tenements in excess of the terms of
the grant. Indeed, the Majority Judges in the Fourth Action relied on this
very case to reject Lee Tat’s contention that only a servient owner could rely
on the _Harris v Flower_ principle (see _Grange Heights (No 4) (CA)_ ([8]
_supra_) at [13])_._ However, the decision in _Gordon and Regan (HC)_ has to
be understood in the light of the relief which the applicants sought. The
question before the Ontario High Court was whether or not the applicants’
proposed use of the right of way was prohibited by the terms of the deed which
created the easement – it was in the context of construing the ambit of the
right of way that the court invoked the _Harris v Flower_ principle.
Furthermore, a careful reading of _Gordon and Regan (HC)_ reveals that no
argument was raised before the Ontario High Court as to whether the
applicants, as dominant owners, were competent to raise the _Harris v Flower_
principle against the respondents; the Ontario High Court (and likewise the
Ontario Court of Appeal) appeared to have assumed that that could be done. For
these reasons, we do _not_ regard _Gordon and Regan (HC)_ as authority for the
proposition that a dominant owner is entitled to assert the rights of a
servient owner against a fellow dominant owner for the purposes of contending
that the latter’s use of an easement, which is common to both dominant
tenements, exceeds the terms of the grant creating that easement. As Chua J
held in the First Action (see [26] above), a dominant owner has no _locus
standi_ to complain about a fellow dominant owner’s use of a right of way that
may be contrary to the terms of the grant. That right belongs to the servient
owner alone. The right of a dominant owner in relation to protection of the
easement appurtenant to his dominant tenement is limited to ensuring that his
enjoyment of the easement is not substantially interfered with by any party,
including his fellow dominant owner and the servient owner. In this regard, it
may be of interest to note that, in the Second Action, the MC itself had
argued before the HC that Lee Tat, not being the owner of the Servient
Tenement at that time, was not competent to raise the Main Issue in that
action (see [29] above). The MC made a similar submission at para 40 of its
written case for the appeal in the Second Action, as follows:[note: 7]

... [Lee Tat has] not shown that there has been ... excessive user of the
[S]ervient [T]enement. In fact, it is not [Lee Tat’s] case that there has been
excessive use of the [S]ervient [T]enement by the [R]esidents ... This was not
an issue. _Even assuming that there is excessive use, which is denied, it
would be for the owner of the [S]ervient [T]enement to restrict the [MC’s] use
of the [S]ervient [T]enement and not [Lee Tat]. [Lee Tat is] not the [owner]
of the [S]ervient [T]enement and therefore [is] not in any position to
complain_ , especially when the [MC has] not even interfered with [its]
rights. [underlining in original omitted; emphasis added]

In the Fourth Action, however, the MC departed from the above position (see
further sub-para (e) of [80] below).

50 In any event, even if _Gordon and Regan (HC)_ ([47] _supra_), as affirmed
on appeal in _Gordon and Regan (CA)_ ([48] _supra_), were good authority for
the proposition that a dominant owner may invoke the rights of the servient
owner against a fellow dominant owner, it would not matter in the Present
Action because that proposition does not represent the law in Singapore and is
in fact contrary to the law as it was stated or understood by the courts in
the First Action and the Second Action (see, respectively, [26] and sub-para
(f) of [32] above).

51 The Majority Judges held that the four prerequisites for issue estoppel to
operate were present in the Fourth Action (see _Grange Heights (No 4) (CA)_
([8] _supra_) at [14]–[15]). In their view, the first two requirements (_viz_
, (a) that there be a final and conclusive judgment on the issue in question
on the merits, and (b) that the judgment be by a court of competent
jurisdiction) had been met by the HC’s and the CA’s decisions in the Second
Action. The third requirement (namely, identity of the parties in the two sets
of proceedings being compared (_viz_ , the Second Action and the Fourth
Action)) was also satisfied as (_id_ at [14]):

The reality is that the effective parties are the same. The same parties in
both actions have either sued or defended claims in their own right (_ie_ ,
[in a] personal capacity as opposed to [a] representative capacity) and that
did not change even though the cause of action in the earlier proceedings was
not identical with the cause of action in the present proceedings. ... The
present case is not about cause of action estoppel and it was not put forward
as such at the appeal.

With respect, the parties to the Second Action were not identical to the
parties in the Fourth Action because Lee Tat was sued as a _dominant_ owner in
the Second Action, whereas, in the Fourth Action, it sued as a _servient_
owner. As stated earlier at sub-para (f) of [43] above, it is an established
principle that “[a] person who litigates in different rights is in law
separate persons” (see _Spencer Bower_ ([32] _supra_) at para 221).

52 As for the last of the four requirements needed for issue estoppel to
operate (_ie_ , identity of subject matter in the two sets of proceedings
being compared), the Majority Judges likewise found that it had been
satisfied. Their reasoning was as follows (see _Grange Heights (No 4) (CA)_
([8] _supra_)):

15 … The correct approach to identify the issue [for the purposes of
ascertaining whether there is the requisite identity of subject matter] is to
ask what had been litigated and, secondly, what had been decided. In the case
of issue estoppel, the decision on the issue must have been a “necessary step”
to the decision or a “matter which it was necessary to decide, and which was
actually decided, as the groundwork of the decision” …

16 ... We are of the view that the change in [the] status of Lee Tat from
[being the] owner of two dominant tenements in the previous proceedings [_ie_
, the Second Action] to [being the] owner of the [S]ervient [T]enement in this
current action makes no difference to the rights of the [MC] ... and hence the
[R]esidents ... over the [S]ervient [T]enement which were decided in the 1989
proceedings [_ie_ , the Second Action]. It was decided in the 1989 proceedings
that it was lawful for the [R]esidents ... to use the [S]ervient [T]enement as
a [footpath] to access Grange Road and _vice versa_. [The HC] held that the
[R]ight of [W]ay ran with the dominant tenement [_ie_ , Lot 111-34] even
though it had become part of a larger plot of land [_ie_ , Lot 687]. The
easement continued despite the [A]malgamation and enured to the benefit of the
[MC] ... and hence the [R]esidents ... The ruling was necessary and essential
to the [HC’s] decision that Lee Tat was not entitled to erect the iron gate
and [the] fence. We give no credence to [Lee Tat’s] assertion that the [MC’s]
rights were irrelevant to [the HC’s] decision, and that the [HC] had confined
[its] decision to the finding that Lee Tat was only entitled to complain of
any substantial interference with its enjoyment of the [R]ight of [W]ay.

17 … Whether the [R]esidents ... could use the [R]ight of [W]ay on [the
Servient Tenement] for the benefit of not only the dominant land, Lot 111-34,
but also the adjoining non-dominant land, Lot 561 … is clearly part of the
subject matter of the present proceedings as it was an issue that was so
clearly part of the subject matter of the 1989 proceedings.

53 With respect, the Majority Judges’ understanding (as set out in the passage
reproduced above) of what was decided by the HC in the Second Action is not
borne out by the issues put before the HC. As identified by the CA in the
Second Action (see _Grange Heights (No 2) (CA)_ ([28] _supra_) at 868, [13]),
Lee Tat had contended before the HC that: (a) the Amalgamation had
extinguished the MC’s entitlement to use the Right of Way; and (b) the
Residents were not entitled to use the Right of Way to access Lot 561 from
Grange Road and _vice versa_ (these are the same arguments which we have
defined at [28] above as Issue (a) of the Second Action and Issue (b) of the
Second Action respectively). The HC in the Second Action decided that, _vis-à-
vis_ the MC as the dominant owner of Lot 111-34, the Amalgamation had not
affected the Right of Way, which continued to exist, and, since Lee Tat had
conceded that its enjoyment of the Right of Way had not been substantially
interfered with by the Residents, Lee Tat had no right to prevent the
Residents from using the Right of Way. In other words, as we highlighted
earlier (at sub-para (g) of [32] above), the HC did not rule on Issue (b) of
the Second Action as it did not need to do so. It did rule on Issue (a) of the
Second Action, but only in relation to Lee Tat as a dominant owner. The CA in
the Second Action affirmed the HC’s decision and likewise did not rule on
Issue (b) of the Second Action (see again sub-para (g) of [32] above). In
short, there was no identity of subject matter between the issue raised in the
Fourth Action and the issue decided in the Second Action.

54 It is arguable that, even if the HC and the CA in the Second Action had
decided that the Residents were entitled to use the Right of Way to access Lot
561 from Grange Road and _vice versa_ (_ie_ , even if the courts in the Second
Action had ruled on Issue (b) of the Second Action, which involves the same
question as that encapsulated in the issue raised in the Fourth Action as well
as the Main Issue (see [28] above)), the decision on Issue (b) of the Second
Action would not have been binding on Lee Tat as a servient owner in the
Fourth Action. We are mindful of the fact that our position on this particular
point contradicts the ruling by the Majority Judges in the Fourth Action that
“the change in [the] status of Lee Tat from [being the] owner of two dominant
tenements in the [Second Action] to [being the] owner of the [S]ervient
[T]enement in [the Fourth] [A]ction [made] no difference to the rights of the
[MC] ... and hence the [R]esidents” (see _Grange Heights (No 4) (CA)_ ([8]
_supra_) at [16]). In this respect, counsel for the MC relied on the Majority
Judges’ statement at [16] of _Grange Heights (No 4) (CA)_ to argue before us
that the Majority Judges had in fact decided that the status of Lee Tat as a
servient owner was irrelevant for the purposes of issue estoppel, and that
this aspect of the Majority Judgment would estop Lee Tat from re-litigating
the significance, if any, of the different capacities in which it had
participated in the Second Action and the Fourth Action respectively. While
this interpretation of what the Majority Judges stated at [16] of _Grange
Heights (No 4) (CA)_ is not implausible, it seems to us that, since that
passage mentions only the MC’s and the Residents’ rights, the Majority Judges
overlooked altogether the question of whether the change in Lee Tat’s status
in the interim between the Second Action and the Fourth Action made any
difference to Lee Tat’s rights. In our view, the crucial question is not
whether the change in Lee Tat’s status made any difference to _the MC’s and
the Residents’_ rights (which could only have been _vis-à-vis_ Lee Tat as a
fellow dominant owner), but whether it made any difference to _Lee Tat’s_
rights as a servient owner _._ It also seems to us that the statement at [16]
of _Grange Heights (No 4) (CA)_ was made in the context of the Majority
Judges’ (erroneous) understanding that the HC in the Second Action had decided
that a dominant owner was entitled to assert the rights of a servient owner
against a fellow dominant owner.

55 In our view, of the four requirements necessary to establish an estoppel in
respect of the issue raised in the Fourth Action, only one was satisfied by
the decision in the Second Action – namely, the requirement that the judgment
on the issue in question be made by a court of competent jurisdiction. The
other three prerequisites (_viz_ , a final and conclusive judgment on the
issue concerned on the merits, identity of the parties and identity of the
subject matter) were not satisfied. The courts in the Second Action did not
make any final and conclusive judgment on the merits of Issue (b) of the
Second Action (which involves the same question as that encapsulated in,
_inter alia_ , the issue raised in the Fourth Action); there was no identity
of subject matter between the Second Action and the Fourth Action as the issue
_decided_ in the Second Action (_ie_ , Issue (a) of the Second Action) was
different from the issue _raised_ in the Fourth Action (which, as just
mentioned, corresponds to Issue (b) of the Second Action); and the parties to
these two actions were not identical.

56 The Majority Judges in the Fourth Action considered that the three sets of
committal proceedings taken out by the MC against Lee Tat for breach of the
1990 Injunction (referred to collectively as “the Committal Proceedings”)
reinforced the “incontrovertible effect” (see _Grange Heights (No 4) (CA_)
([8] _supra_) at [18]) of the HC’s decision in the Second Action that “it was
lawful for the [R]esidents ... to use the [S]ervient [T]enement as a
[footpath] to access Grange Road and _vice versa_ ” (_id_ at [16]). It will be
recalled that, in the Second Action, the HC granted the 1990 Injunction, which
was a permanent injunction restraining Lee Tat from obstructing the Residents’
access to and use of the Right of Way (see [30] above). After acquiring title
to the Servient Tenement in 1997, Lee Tat placed a chain across the Grange
Road end of the Servient Tenement. As a result, the MC commenced the first of
the Committal Proceedings (“the First Committal Proceedings”). Pursuant to the
First Committal Proceedings, Lee Tat gave an undertaking to the court as
follows (see _Grange Heights (No 4) (CA)_ at [18]):

The MC ... [is] at liberty to send a notice to all residents of Grange Heights
that they have a right of way over [the Servient Tenement] and that the sign
against trespassers [which Lee Tat had erected] does not apply to them.

This undertaking was subject to an express reservation that Lee Tat was
entitled to commence any legal action which it might be advised to take. In
July 1999, in the second of the Committal Proceedings, Lee Tat was fined
$3,000 for having affixed a low chain to bar the Residents from accessing the
Right of Way; it was also ordered to pay the MC costs fixed at $10,000. In
March 2004, the MC took out the third of the Committal Proceedings, this time
because Lee Tat had erected two concrete cones to block the Residents’ access
to the Right of Way. The cones were removed before the proceedings were heard,
but, nevertheless, the High Court ordered Lee Tat to pay the MC costs on an
indemnity basis fixed at $13,000.

57 The Majority Judges in the Fourth Action appeared to regard Lee Tat’s
giving of the undertaking pursuant to the First Committal Proceedings and Lee
Tat’s failure in the Committal Proceedings as a whole to bring up the issue
raised in the Fourth Action as an acknowledgement by Lee Tat that it was bound
by the 1990 Injunction, which was made by the HC in the Second Action on the
basis that, _vis-à-vis_ Lee Tat, the MC was entitled to use the Right of Way
as a footpath for access between Lot 561 and Grange Road. In contrast, Chao JA
in his dissenting judgment did not deal with this issue from the viewpoint of
estoppel but, instead, from the viewpoint of _laches_ or acquiescence. He did
not regard Lee Tat’s failure in the Committal Proceedings to bring up the
issue raised in the Fourth Action as an acknowledgement by Lee Tat that it was
bound as a servient owner by the 1990 Injunction. He held that Lee Tat’s delay
in instituting OS 825/2004 to litigate the issue raised in the Fourth Action
had not caused the MC any “irreparable prejudice” (_id_ at [81]), and that Lee
Tat could not be faulted for either _laches_ or acquiescence. We agree with
Chao JA on this point. Lee Tat, when giving the undertaking to the court in
the First Committal Proceedings, had expressly reserved the right to commence
such legal action as it might be advised to take (see [56] above). Pursuant to
that reservation of right, Lee Tat was _entitled_ to bring an action to seek
judicial determination of the issue raised in the Fourth Action (indeed, Lee
Tat subsequently commenced OS 825/2004 for this very purpose), but it was not
_obliged_ to bring such an action at all, nor was it obliged to bring such an
action by any particular point in time.

58 The only other question that may be raised in relation to the Committal
Proceedings is whether, as a result of Lee Tat’s failure in those proceedings
to bring up the issue raised in the Fourth Action, Lee Tat was barred from
litigating that issue in the Fourth Action under what may loosely be termed
“the extended _res judicata_ doctrine” – a point which the CA in the Fourth
Action did not consider. (If Lee Tat was indeed thus barred, then, by
application of the same doctrine, Lee Tat should not be permitted to bring up
the issue raised in the Fourth Action (_ie_ , the Main Issue) in the Present
Action.) The extended _res judicata_ doctrine, whose origin is usually
attributed to Sir James Wigram VC’s decision in _Henderson v Henderson_ (1843)
3 Hare 100; 67 ER 313, states that (_id_ at 115; 319):

[W]here a given matter becomes the subject of litigation in, and of
adjudication by, a Court of competent jurisdiction, the Court requires the
parties to that litigation to bring forward their whole case, and will not
(_except under special circumstances_) permit the same parties to open the
same subject of litigation in respect of [a] matter which might have been
brought forward as part of the subject in contest, but which was not brought
forward, only because they have, from negligence, inadvertence, or even
accident, omitted part of their case. The plea of _res judicata_ applies,
_except in special cases_ , not only to points upon which the Court was
actually required by the parties to form an opinion and pronounce a judgment,
but to every point which properly belonged to the subject of litigation, and
which the parties, exercising reasonable diligence, might have brought forward
at the time. [emphasis added]

It is important to note the “special circumstances” exception to the extended
_res judicata_ doctrine which Sir Wigram himself laid down in _Henderson v
Henderson_ , as set out in the above quotation. In the Privy Council case of
_Yat Tung Investment Co Ltd v Dao Heng Bank Ltd_ [1975] AC 581 (“ _Yat Tung
Investment Co Ltd_ ”), Lord Kilbrandon, commenting on _Henderson v Henderson_
, stated (see _Yat Tung Investment Co Ltd_ at 590):

The shutting out of a “subject of litigation” – a power which no court should
exercise but after a scrupulous examination of all the circumstances – is
limited to cases where reasonable diligence would have caused a matter to be
earlier raised; moreover, although negligence, inadvertence or even accident
will not suffice to excuse, nevertheless _“special circumstances” are reserved
in case justice should be found to require the non-application of the rule_.
[emphasis added]

It has also been established by case authority that “abuse of the court’s
process is the true basis for the operation of the extended [_res judicata_]
doctrine” (see _Ching Mun Fong v Liu Cho Chit_ [2000] 1 SLR 517 at [23]; see
also _id_ at [22]).

59 In our view, the extended _res judicata_ doctrine should not apply to Lee
Tat’s conduct (or inaction) in the Committal Proceedings for two reasons.

60 First, when Lee Tat gave its undertaking to the court in the First
Committal Proceedings, it expressly reserved to itself the right to commence
any legal action which it might be advised to take as a result of its having
acquired title to the Servient Tenement. The MC and/or the court could have
rejected this reservation of right by Lee Tat, but neither of them did so. The
outcome of the second and the third of the Committal Proceedings did not
advance the matter further in so far as the extended _res judicata_ doctrine
is concerned as Lee Tat was content to pay the fine (in the second of the
Committal Proceedings) and the costs (in both the second and the third of the
Committal Proceedings) imposed by the court for obstructing the Residents’ use
of the Right of Way. It is true that, after acquiring ownership of the
Servient Tenement in 1997, Lee Tat could have brought a _separate_ action for,
_inter alia_ , a declaration that the MC was no longer entitled to use the
Right of Way and that the 1990 Injunction was not binding on it (Lee Tat) as
the servient owner. But, given that (as Chao JA pointed out in his dissenting
judgment) the failure of Lee Tat to do so did not cause the MC irreparable
prejudice in any way, there has, in our view, been no abuse of process by Lee
Tat which warrants the application of the extended _res judicata_ doctrine to
its conduct in the Committal Proceedings.

61 The second reason why the extended _res judicata_ doctrine should not apply
is that Lee Tat’s express reservation of its right in the First Committal
Proceedings to commence such legal action as it might be advised to take is,
in our view, sufficient to constitute “special circumstances” (_per_ Sir
Wigram in _Henderson v Henderson_ ([58] _supra_) at 115; 319) which justify an
exception being made to the operation of this doctrine. As a result of this
reservation of right, Lee Tat’s exercise of that right in commencing OS
825/2004 to seek a judicial ruling on the issue raised in the Fourth Action
cannot be said to be an abuse of process for the purposes of the extended _res
judicata_ doctrine. Given these circumstances, it is our view that justice
requires the non-application of this doctrine.

(B) THE DISSENTING JUDGMENT

62 As mentioned earlier (at [44] above), Chao JA delivered a dissenting
judgment in the appeal in the Fourth Action. He first dealt with the question
of whether Lee Tat’s argument that the Residents could not use the Right of
Way as a means of access between Lot 561 and Grange Road had any merit. He
answered this question in the affirmative and noted that the HC in the Fourth
Action had recognised that point (see _Grange Heights (No 4) (CA)_ ([8]
_supra_) at [52]). Citing, _inter alia_ , _Harris v Flower_ ([19] _supra_),
_Williams v James_ (1867) LR 2 CP 577, _John Purdom v John A Robinson_ (1899)
30 SCR 64, _Gordon and Regan (CA)_ ([48] _supra_)), _Bracewell v Appleby_
([47] _supra_) and _Peacock v Custins_ ([47] _supra_), Chao JA held that, as a
matter of law, the Right of Way, which had been granted for the benefit of Lot
111-34, could not be used for the benefit of Lot 561, which was not one of the
Dominant Tenements (see _Grange Heights (No 4) (CA)_ at [52]–[59]). He also
rejected (_id_ at [61]) any notion that the use of the Right of Way for the
benefit of Lot 561 was ancillary to its use for the benefit of Lot 111-34;
rather, the MC, in his view, was seeking to “unilaterally extend” (_ibid_) the
Right of Way beyond the terms of the Grant.

63 Chao JA said (at [62] of _Grange Heights (No 4) (CA)_ ([8] _supra_)):

[I]t is important not to confuse cases such as _Harris v Flower_ with a case
where the dominant tenement is put to more intensive use. _White v Grand
Hotel, Eastbourne, Limited_ [1913] 1 Ch 113 was such a case which held that a
change in user of the dominant tenement did not affect the right of way
granted to the dominant tenement.

What Chao JA meant in the above passage was that the _Harris v Flower_
principle is not concerned with whether a more intensive use of a dominant
tenement would breach the terms of the right of way granted to that tenement.
The latter question raises a different issue, namely, that of the frequency
and quantum of use of a right of way, which is a question of fact. In
contrast, _Harris v Flower_ ([19] _supra_), as Chao JA rightly recognised, is
authority for a more fundamental principle of _entitlement_ , namely,
entitlement to use a right of way for the purposes of land (in this case, Lot
561) to which the right of way is not appurtenant (see _Grange Heights (No 4)
(CA)_ at [59]). In the present case, the issue of the frequency and quantum of
use of the Right of Way as a means of access between Lot 561 and Grange Road
will become relevant only if the Main Issue is decided in favour of the
Residents. It should be noted, however, that, even if entitlement to use a
right of way is established, a more intensive use of the right of way
resulting from an alteration of the dominant tenement may lead to the
extinguishment of the easement, as can be seen from certain authorities which
were not cited to the CA in the Fourth Action (see further [97]–[101] below).

64 On the question of issue estoppel, Chao JA held that Lee Tat was not
estopped from raising the Main Issue (as framed in the form of the issue
raised in the Fourth Action). He gave the following reasons for his decision.

65 First, the Main Issue (as framed in the form of Issue  _(b)_ of the Second
Action) had not been answered in the Second Action (see _Grange Heights (No 4)
(CA)_ ([8] _supra_) at [74] and [82]). Instead, the issue decided in the
Second Action was whether the Amalgamation had extinguished the MC’s right of
way over the Servient Tenement, _ie_ , Issue  _(a)_ of the Second Action (_id_
at [74]). Chao JA elaborated (_ibid_):

[T]his court in the [S]econd [A]ction ... only decided the first contention
[_ie_ , Issue (a) of the Second Action]. It did not discuss the implications
of the fact that all the three residential blocks of Grange Heights stand on
what was previously Lot 561. To hold that this court had in the [S]econd
[A]ction decided the issue [_ie_ , Issue (b) of the Second Action] would be to
say that this court had rejected _Harris v Flower_ , and all other authorities
before and after it, by a side wind, when _Graham v Philcox_ itself did not
reject _Harris v Flower_ but thought that it was inapplicable on the facts of
the case. It is _unthinkable_ that such a monumental change to the common law
was intended by the [CA in the Second Action] without even discussing _Harris
v Flower_ and the other related cases and without offering any reasons why a
different approach should be adopted in Singapore. Not a word was uttered [by
the CA in the Second Action] disapproving [of] _Harris v Flower_. I cannot see
any compelling reasons why we should deviate from _Harris v Flower_ especially
where the implications of such a deviation would be immense. At that juncture
[_viz_ , at the time of the Second Action], Lee Tat’s rights were purely those
of a dominant [owner], its interest being to ensure that its enjoyment of the
[R]ight of [W]ay was not interfered with: see 869, [20] of [_Grange Heights
(No 2) (CA)_] ... Though [Lee Tat] tried to, it could not really raise the
issue of trespass. What Lee Tat could raise was [the complaint] that its
enjoyment of the [R]ight of [W]ay had been interfered with but it did not do
so, and not having raised that, it had no basis to question [the MC’s]
exercise of the [R]ight of [W]ay, far less to obstruct the [R]ight of [W]ay
which ... Lot 111-34 ... enjoyed over the [S]ervient [T]enement. [emphasis
added]

66 Second, Chao JA held that, even if the CA in the Second Action had ruled
that the Residents were entitled to use the Right of Way for the purposes of
Lot 561 (_ie_ , even if the CA in the Second Action had determined the Main
Issue (as framed in the form of Issue (b) of the Second Action) in the MC’s
favour), it did not follow that that decision must necessarily give rise to
issue estoppel. He held that such a decision would have been a collateral
decision, and referred (at [75] of _Grange Heights (No 4) (CA)_ ([8] _supra_))
to the following passage from _Spencer Bower_ ([32] _supra_) at para 201:

Only determinations which are necessary to the decision, and fundamental to
it, will found an issue estoppel. Other determinations, however positive,
cannot.

Applying this principle, Chao JA held that, even if the CA in the Second
Action had determined the Main Issue, that part of the CA’s decision “was
certainly not needed, nor was it the foundation upon which relief was granted
to [the MC] in that action” (see _Grange Heights (No 4) (CA)_ at [77]). The
key point of the CA’s decision in the Second Action, he emphasised, was that,
since Lee Tat had not alleged that its enjoyment of the Right of Way as a
dominant owner had been substantially interfered with by the Residents, Lee
Tat was not entitled to prevent the MC (a fellow dominant owner) from enjoying
that easement, which had been granted in favour of both the dominant tenement
owned by the MC (_ie_ , Lot 111-34) and the two dominant tenements owned by
Lee Tat (_ie_ , Lot 111-32 and Lot 111-33).

67 We are in full agreement with Chao JA’s analysis of the issues and the
conclusions which he reached in his dissenting judgment (including his
decision on the point concerning _laches_ or acquiescence, which we discussed
at [57] above). However, it should be noted that Chao JA did not address the
issue as to whether, in the Second Action, Lee Tat, as a dominant owner, was
entitled to assert the rights of the then owner of the Servient Tenement
against the MC, its fellow dominant owner (see in this regard [49]–[50]
above).

**_The nub of the Estoppel Question: Does issue estoppel arise from the
Majority Judgment in the Fourth Action?_**

_The context in which the Estoppel Question has arisen_

68 In the Present Action, Lee Tat resurrected all the arguments which had been
rejected by the HC and the Majority Judges in the Fourth Action. In the court
below, the Judge embarked on a thorough examination of the issues raised and
the decisions made in the Previous Actions. He held that those decisions had
established the MC’s entitlement to use the Right of Way (see _Grange Heights
(No 3) (HC)_ ([2] _supra_) at [21]–[22], [26]–[27] and [29]–[30]) and,
therefore, Lee Tat had to proceed with the Present Action on the basis that
“the MC still had a right of way over [the Servient Tenement]” (_id_ at [32]).
In effect, the Judge decided that Lee Tat was estopped by the Majority
Judgment in the Fourth Action from re-litigating the Main Issue in the Present
Action. Interestingly, the Judge recognised that the issue decided in the
Second Action was _not_ the same as the issue raised in the Fourth Action. He
held, however, that, notwithstanding this difference, issue estoppel arose
because the premise underlying the issue decided in the Second Action was the
same as that underlying the issue raised in the Fourth Action (_id_ at [32]):

...

(b) ... The decision of [the HC in the Second Action] to dismiss [Lee Tat’s]
application to discharge the interim injunction and allow the [MC’s]
substantive action must have been on the basis that the MC was still entitled
to enjoy the [R]ight of [W]ay over [the Servient Tenement]. Likewise for the
decision of the Court of Appeal in the Second Action ...

(c) _In the Fourth Action ... the Issue [_ ie _, the issue raised in the
Fourth Action] was different_ because it concerned the question [of] whether
the [R]ight of [W]ay could be used not only to gain access to ... [L]ot 111-34
but to then cross over from ... [L]ot 111-34 to ... [L]ot 561. However, the
Issue was still [decided] on the premise that the existence and enjoyment of
the [R]ight of [W]ay _per se_ was not in dispute.

[emphasis added]

69 With respect, if the issue decided in the Second Action was different from
the issue raised in the Fourth Action, as it clearly was (because the issue
decided in the Second Action was Issue  _(a)_ of the Second Action, whereas
the issue raised in the Fourth Action corresponded to Issue  _(b)_ of the
Second Action), Lee Tat could not have been estopped from bringing up the
issue raised in the Fourth Action (as framed in the form of the Main Issue) in
the Present Action. Furthermore, the Judge was wrong to regard the premise
underlying the issue decided in the Second Action (which was that Lee Tat,
being only the owner of the dominant tenements, Lot 111-32 and Lot 111-33, and
not the owner of the Servient Tenement, had no standing to argue that the MC
had no right of way over the Servient Tenement) as being the same as the
premise underlying the issue raised in the Fourth Action. The former premise
no longer prevailed in the Fourth Action as Lee Tat had by then acquired
ownership of the Servient Tenement and, indeed, had commenced the action as a
servient owner. For the reasons we have given, we are of the view that the
Judge’s decision in the Present Action as well as the decisions of the HC and
the Majority Judges in the Fourth Action – _viz_ , that issue estoppel
operated against Lee Tat in relation to the Main Issue – were wrong.

70 This brings us to the nub of the Estoppel Question: Is Lee Tat estopped by
the Majority Judgment in the Fourth Action, under the principle of _res
judicata_ , from raising the Main Issue in the Present Action _even though_
the Majority Judges _wrongly_ held that that issue had already been decided in
the Second Action? This question is not concerned with the application of the
doctrine of _stare decisis_. If it were, we would have no hesitation in
departing from the Majority Judgment. Instead, the issue before us involves
the application of the doctrine of estoppel _per rem judicatam_ in its
conventional form (as opposed to the extended _res judicata_ doctrine
delineated earlier at [58] above). Specifically, we have to consider when
exceptions may be made to the operation of _res judicata_. In our view, the
proper approach in deciding this question is to begin by considering the
policy reasons underlying the doctrine of _res judicata_ as a substantive
principle of law.

_The policy reasons underlying the doctrine of_ res judicata

71 _Spencer Bower_ ([32] _supra_) states (at paras 9–10) that estoppel by _res
judicata_ is a rule of substantive law founded on policy. The policy reasons
underlying the rule are, first, “the interest of the community in the
termination of disputes, and in the finality and conclusiveness of judicial
decisions” (_id_ at para 10) and, second, “the right of the individual to be
protected from vexatious multiplication of suits and prosecutions” (_ibid_)
(_cf_ the policy which underlies the extended _res judicata_ doctrine as
stated at [58] above). In _New_ _Brunswick Railway Company v British and
French Trust Corporation, Limited_ [1939] AC 1, the House of Lords (_per_ Lord
Maugham LC) said (at 19–20):

The doctrine of estoppel is one founded on considerations of justice and good
sense. If an issue has been distinctly raised and decided in an action, in
which both parties are represented, it is unjust and unreasonable to permit
the same issue to be litigated afresh between the same parties or persons
claiming under them …

Similarly, in _Republic of India v India Steamship Co Ltd_ [1993] AC 410, Lord
Goff of Chieveley said (at 415) that the principle of _res judicata_ :

... is founded upon the public interest in finality of litigation rather than
the achievement of justice as between the individual litigants.

72 The general rule is that, where a litigant seeks to reopen in a fresh
action an issue which was previously raised and decided on the merits in an
earlier action between the same parties, the public interest in the finality
of litigation (“the finality principle”) outweighs the public interest in
achieving justice between the parties (“the justice principle”), and,
therefore, the doctrine of _res judicata_ applies. In such cases, it is
usually immaterial that the decision which gives rise to the estoppel is wrong
because “a competent tribunal has jurisdiction to decide wrongly, as well as
correctly, and if it makes a mistake its decision is binding unless corrected
on appeal” (see _Spencer Bower_ ([32] _supra_) at para 15; see also the
Majority Judgment in _Grange Heights (No 4) (CA)_ ([8] _supra_) at [25]).

73 However, the courts have never accepted _res judicata_ as an absolute
principle of law which applies rigidly in all circumstances irrespective of
the injustice of the case. There is one established exception to this
doctrine, and that is where the court itself has made such an egregious
mistake that grave injustice to one or more of the parties concerned would
result if the court’s erroneous decision were to form the basis of an estoppel
against the aggrieved party or parties (see further [74]–[78] below; _cf_ the
exception to the extended _res judicata_ doctrine set out at [58] above). In
such a case, the tension between the justice principle and the finality
principle is resolved in favour of the former.

_Circumstances in which the doctrine of_ res judicata _does not operate_

(1) The established exception: The decision relied on as the basis of issue
estoppel contains a very egregious error

74 The established exception outlined in the preceding paragraph (“the
_Arnold_ exception”) was recognised by the House of Lords in _Arnold v
National Westminster Bank Plc_ [1991] 2 AC 93 (“ _Arnold_ ”). In that case,
Walton J had, in an earlier action between a landlord and its tenants (“the
Earlier Action”) involving a rent review clause (“the Clause”), construed the
Clause against the tenants, with the result that the tenants had to pay a
higher rent each time a rent review was required. The tenants asked Walton J
for leave to appeal and for a certificate under s 7 of the Arbitration Act
1979 (c 42) (UK) stating that the case involved a question of law of general
importance or a question which, for some other special reason, ought to be
considered by the English Court of Appeal (“the requisite certificate”).
Walton J refused both requests. The tenants then appealed against his refusal
to grant them the requisite certificate, but were unsuccessful. Subsequently,
the English Court of Appeal indicated in two other cases concerning similar
rent review clauses that Walton J’s construction of the Clause in the Earlier
Action was wrong. Prior to the next rent review, the tenants in _Arnold_
sought to re-litigate the meaning of the Clause by bringing a fresh action
(“the Later Action”) to determine the basis on which rent reviews under the
lease were to be conducted. The landlord applied to strike out the Later
Action on the ground of issue estoppel. The House of Lords held that the
tenants were not estopped from raising the construction of the Clause in the
Later Action as the circumstances were so special that justice required that
the tenants, who had suffered from the egregious mistake of Walton J in the
Earlier Action, be permitted to reopen this question of construction in later
proceedings.

75 Lord Keith of Kinkel (with whom all the other law lords in _Arnold_ ([74]
_supra_) agreed), after reviewing the policy considerations underlying the
principle of issue estoppel, said (_id_ at 109):

In my opinion your Lordships should affirm it to be the law that there may be
an exception to issue estoppel in the special circumstance that there has
become available to a party further material relevant to the correct
determination of a point involved in the earlier proceedings, whether or not
that point was specifically raised and decided, being material which could not
by reasonable diligence have been adduced in those proceedings. _One of the
purposes of estoppel being to work justice between the parties, it is open to
[the] courts to recognise that in special circumstances inflexible application
of it may have the opposite result_ , as was observed by Lord Upjohn … in the
_Carl Zeiss_ case [1967] 1 A.C. 853, 947. [emphasis added]

In relation to the last sentence of the above passage, Lord Keith had, in an
earlier part of his judgment in _Arnold_ , commented on Lord Upjohn’s
statement in _Carl Zeiss Stiftung v Rayner & Keeler Ltd_ [1967] 1 AC 853 (“
_Carl Zeiss Stiftung (No 2)_ ”) at 947 as follows (see _Arnold_ at 107):

In the same case [_ie_ , _Carl Zeiss Stiftung (No 2)_] Lord Upjohn went so far
as to express doubts about the application to issue estoppel of the full
breadth of the statement by Wigram V.-C. in _Henderson v. Henderson_ , 3 Hare
100. He said, at p. 947:

“All estoppels are not odious but must be applied so as to work justice and
not injustice and I think the principle of issue estoppel must be applied to
the circumstances of the subsequent case with this overriding consideration in
mind.”

76 At 109 of _Arnold_ ([74] _supra_), Lord Keith, in considering what would
constitute “special circumstances enabling an issue to be re-opened” (_ibid_),
said:

Your Lordships should appropriately, in my opinion, regard the matter as
entire and approach it from the point of view of principle. _If a judge has
made a mistake, perhaps a**very egregious** mistake,_ as is said of Walton
J.’s judgment here, _and a later judgment of a higher court overrules his
decision_ in another case, do considerations of justice require that the party
who suffered from the mistake should be shut out, when the same issue arises
in later proceedings with a different subject matter, from reopening that
issue? [emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

77 On the facts of _Arnold_ ([74] _supra_), Lord Keith held that the tenants
should be allowed to reopen the construction of the Clause in the Later Action
for the following reasons (_id_ at 110–111):

In the instant case, there was no right of appeal against the judgment of
Walton J. because he refused to grant a certificate that the case included a
question of law of general importance. There can be little doubt that he was
wrong in this refusal ... I consider that anyone not possessed of a strictly
legalistic turn of mind would think it most unjust that a tenant should be
faced with a succession of rent reviews over a period of over 20 years all
proceeding upon a construction of his lease which is highly unfavourable to
him and is generally regarded as erroneous. ... There is much force also in
the view that the landlord, if the issue cannot be reopened, would most
unfairly be receiving a very much higher rent than [it] would be entitled to
on a proper construction of the lease. The public interest in seeing an end to
litigation is of little weight in circumstances under which, failing
agreement, there must in any event be arbitration at each successive review
date. Estoppel per rem judicatam, whether cause of action estoppel or issue
estoppel, is essentially concerned with preventing abuse of process. In the
present case I consider that abuse of process would be favoured rather than
prevented by refusing the [tenants] permission to reopen the disputed issue.
Upon the whole matter I find myself in respectful agreement with the passage
in the judgment of Sir Nicolas Browne-Wilkinson V.-C. where he said [in
_Arnold v National Westminster Bank Plc_] [1989] Ch. 63, 70–71:

“In my judgment a change in the law subsequent to the first decision is
capable of bringing the case within the exception to issue estoppel. If, as I
think, the yardstick of whether issue estoppel should be held to apply is the
justice to the parties, injustice can flow as much from a subsequent change in
the law as from the subsequent discovery of new facts. In both cases the
injustice lies in a successful party to the first action being held to have
rights which in fact he does not possess. I can therefore see no reason for
holding that a subsequent change in the law can _never_ be sufficient to bring
the case within the exception. Whether or not such a change does or does not
bring the case within the exception must depend on the exact circumstances of
each case.”

[emphasis in original]

78 In our view, the _Arnold_ exception should likewise be recognised by our
courts. Indeed, it appears that the Majority Judges in the Fourth Action
endorsed this exception in principle when they commented, with specific
reference to Lord Keith’s judgment in _Arnold_ ([74] _supra_) at 109, that “no
‘special circumstance exception’ exist[ed] [in the appeal in the Fourth
Action] ... such as to prevent the operation of issue estoppel” (see _Grange
Heights (No 4) (CA)_ ([8] _supra_) at [25]). We should, however, emphasise
that it will be rare for the _Arnold_ exception to be invoked successfully as
it would be difficult to establish that any judicial error by itself would
qualify as “special circumstances” which justify a departure from the doctrine
of issue estoppel. In this regard, we would highlight the unusual
circumstances which arose in _Arnold_ (see [74] and [77] above).

79 We will now examine whether the circumstances in the present case bring it
within the _Arnold_ exception. The special circumstances in _Arnold_ ([74]
_supra_) were as follows:

(a) Walton J refused to grant the tenants leave to appeal and also denied them
the requisite certificate. As such, the tenants had no right of appeal against
his construction of the Clause in the Earlier Action.

(b) Subsequently, in two decisions on rent review clauses with similar wording
as that of the Clause in _Arnold_ , the English Court of Appeal indicated that
the interpretation adopted by Walton J in the Earlier Action was wrong.

(c) The change in the law, as indicated by the above two decisions of the
English Court of Appeal, made it unjust that the tenants should be burdened
with having to pay for the remaining period of the lease a rent derived from
“a construction of [the Clause] which [was] highly unfavourable to [them] and
... generally regarded as erroneous” (_id_ at 110).

(d) Even if the tenants were estopped from raising the construction of the
Clause in the Later Action, there would still have been arbitration on the
rent payable under the Clause at each successive rent review date if the
parties failed to agree on the relevant sum.

80 In the present case, the circumstances that may warrant the application of
the _Arnold_ exception are the following:

(a) Neither the HC nor the CA in the Second Action decided the Main Issue (as
framed in the form of Issue (b) of the Second Action) on the merits (see sub-
para (g) of [32] above). As such, the Majority Judges in the Fourth Action
held – wrongly (and contrary to the dissenting judgment of Chao JA) – that the
Main Issue had been decided in the Second Action (see [45] and [53] above).

(b) The Majority Judges held that Lee Tat was precluded by the doctrine of
issue estoppel from raising the Main Issue in the Fourth Action even though
not all the essential elements of issue estoppel were satisfied (see, _inter
alia_ , [55] above).

(c) Notwithstanding the decision of the Majority Judges, it is likely that
there will be continuing litigation between Lee Tat and the Residents on many
issues which have yet to be resolved, such as the type of use which the
Residents may lawfully make of the Right of Way. In particular, the question
of whether the Residents, who had used the Right of Way “only as a footpath”
(see _Grange Heights (No 2) (CA)_ ([28] _supra_) at 870, [23]) at the time of
the Second Action, may now use this easement for vehicular traffic has not
been decided (see _Grange Heights (No 3) (HC)_ ([2] _supra_) at [36]–[37]).
Given this likelihood of further litigation between the parties, we agree with
Lord Keith’s statement in _Arnold_ ([74] _supra_) at 110 that the public
interest in seeing an end to litigation (which would entail upholding the
operation of issue estoppel to the Majority Judgment) is of little weight in
these circumstances.

(d) Even if the Majority Judges were right in holding that the Main Issue had
been decided in the Second Action, the decision in the Second Action as the
Majority Judges interpreted it (_viz_ , that the Residents could use the Right
of Way for the benefit of not only Lot 111-34 but also Lot 561) would have
been contrary to established law, a point which Chao JA noted in his
dissenting judgment (see _Grange Heights (No 4) (CA)_ ([8] _supra_) at [74]).
Therefore, in holding that Lee Tat was estopped by the decision in the Second
Action from litigating the Main Issue in the Fourth Action, the Majority
Judges effectively perpetuated an erroneous legal position _vis-à-vis_ the
MC’s rights over the Servient Tenement.

(e) The Majority Judges did not notice that the MC made contradictory
arguments in the Fourth Action, as compared to the Second Action, on the
question of whether the Main Issue had been decided in the Second Action. In
the Second Action, the MC successfully argued (with respect to the _Harris v
Flower_ principle) that Lee Tat had no standing to raise the Main Issue as the
latter was not the owner of the Servient Tenement. In other words, in the
Second Action, the MC succeeded in its submission that the Main Issue could
not be decided in that action. In the Fourth Action, however, the MC took the
converse position and argued that not only had Lee Tat raised the Main Issue
in the Second Action, but that issue had also been decided in the Second
Action (see _Grange Heights (No 4) (CA)_ at [13]). The Majority Judges
accepted the MC’s argument, with the result that an estoppel arose against Lee
Tat in the Fourth Action _vis-à-vis_ the Main Issue.

(f) Even if Lee Tat were allowed to raise the Main Issue in this appeal and
even if it were to then succeed in its case on this issue, the Residents would
not be inconvenienced in not being able to use the Right of Way for access
between their apartments on Lot 561 and Grange Road. This is because the
Residents can still reach Lot 561 via St Thomas Walk (see [4] above), which
they have in fact used ever since Grange Heights was completed (see [18]
above). Further, as we noted at [18] above, the Residents may also use River
Valley Grove for access to Lot 561.

(g) As a result of the Majority Judgment, the current legal position _vis-à-
vis_ the Main Issue is that “[i]t was decided in the [Second Action] that it
was lawful for the [R]esidents ... to use the [S]ervient [T]enement as a
[footpath] to access Grange Road and _vice versa_ ” (see _Grange Heights (No
4) (CA)_ at [16]). This has in turn prevented Lee Tat from making optimal use
of the Servient Tenement in terms of developing it in conjunction with the two
dominant tenements that Lee Tat owns (_viz_ , Lot 111-32 and Lot 111-33) –
something which Lee Tat would be able to do if it were permitted to litigate
the Main Issue and if it were to then succeed in its case on that issue.

81 In our view, the aforementioned circumstances qualify as “special
circumstances” (_per_ Lord Keith in _Arnold_ ([74] _supra_) at 109) for the
purposes of the _Arnold_ exception. The Majority Judgment contained an
egregious error (in so far as it stated that the Main Issue had been decided
in the MC’s favour in the Second Action), and its effect was to prevent Lee
Tat from raising the Main Issue in the Fourth Action (and likewise before the
Judge in the Present Action) even though that issue had never been decided on
the merits. This has caused grave injustice to Lee Tat in that it has been
prevented from raising a fundamental issue concerning its rights as the owner
of the Servient Tenement (_ie_ , the Main Issue), which might be decided in
its favour if it were permitted to litigate that issue. In our view, there is
sufficient similarity between the circumstances in _Arnold_ and those in the
present case to justify our holding that there are “special circumstances”
(_id_ at 109) in this case which warrant the application of the _Arnold_
exception.

(2) The issue which is the subject matter of the alleged estoppel has not in
fact been decided on the merits

82 In _Arnold_ ([74] _supra_), the issue which the tenants were _prima facie_
estopped from re-litigating in the Later Action as a result of Walton J’s
decision in the Earlier Action (_viz_ , the construction of the Clause) was
decided on the merits in the Earlier Action. In contrast, in the present case,
the Main Issue (which is the subject matter of the estoppel alleged against
Lee Tat) has never been decided on the merits by either the courts in the
Previous Actions or the Judge in the Present Action. In our view, this
distinction of fact does not take the present case outside the confines of the
_Arnold_ exception in so far as that exception is based on considerations of
justice. In our view, the objection to applying issue estoppel in this appeal
is more fundamental, namely, the Main Issue has never been decided on the
merits and, thus, it cannot possibly be the subject of an estoppel. It must be
remembered that the doctrine of issue estoppel is predicated upon (_inter
alia_) the basis that the issue which is said to be the subject matter of the
estoppel _has been decided on the merits_. To hold that issue estoppel applies
to an issue which has never been decided on the merits is not only a
contradiction of the legal basis underlying the doctrine of issue estoppel,
but also a travesty of justice and a denial of the right to be heard that is
fundamental to the legal process. In our view, where the issue which is said
to be the subject matter of the alleged estoppel has not in fact been decided
on the merits, this factor alone entails that issue estoppel should not apply.
This factor may be considered as another category of “special circumstances”
(see _Arnold_ at 109) for the purposes of the _Arnold_ exception, but, in our
view, it can and should form a separate and independent basis for not applying
the doctrine of issue estoppel. This conclusion accords with the policy
underpinning the doctrine of _res judicata_ , which is that, where a cause of
action or an issue has been finally and conclusively adjudicated _on the
merits_ by a court of competent jurisdiction, that cause of action or issue
may not subsequently be re-litigated by the same parties (see [13] above).

83 In the present case, the MC relied on the decisions of the CA in both the
Second Action and the Fourth Action as giving rise to an estoppel against Lee
Tat. However, neither decision was a decision on the merits of the Main Issue,
notwithstanding that the Majority Judges asserted at [16] of _Grange Heights
(No 4) (CA)_ ([8] _supra_) that “ _[i]t was decided in the [Second Action]_
that it was lawful for the [R]esidents ... to use the [S]ervient [T]enement as
a [footpath] to access Grange Road and _vice versa_ ” [emphasis added]. No
issue estoppel on the Main Issue can arise from the Second Action because that
issue (as framed in the form of Issue (b) of the Second Action) was not
decided in that action (see, _inter alia_ , sub-para (g) of [32] and [53]
above). In the Fourth Action, the Majority Judges merely ruled on whether or
not the Main Issue had been adjudicated in the Second Action (which question
they answered in the affirmative). The only estoppel that can arise out of the
Fourth Action is the Majority Judges’ decision on this particular question.
But, that question is not the subject matter in the present appeal; instead,
the subject matter is the Main Issue.

_Our decision on whether issue estoppel arises from the Majority Judgment_

84 In our view, therefore, Lee Tat is not estopped by the doctrine of issue
estoppel from arguing the Main Issue before us because the _Arnold_ exception
applies to the Majority Judgment and, further, because the Main Issue has in
fact never been decided on the merits. We now turn to consider the Main Issue
itself.

**The Main Issue: May the Residents use the Right of Way to access Lot 561
from Grange Road and _vice versa_?**

**_The_ Harris v Flower _principle_**

85 The short answer to the Main Issue – _ie_ , whether the Residents may use
the Right of Way to access Lot 561 from Grange Road and _vice versa_ – is
“no”. In _Harris v Flower_ ([19] _supra_), Romer LJ said (at 132):

The law really is not in dispute. If a right of way [is] granted for the
enjoyment of Close A, the grantee, because he owns or acquires Close B, cannot
use the way in substance for passing over Close A to Close B.

Romer LJ further said (at 133):

[I]n the present case the defendant might have erected a building on the land
coloured pink [_ie_ , the dominant tenement in _Harris v Flower_] and used it
for a contractor’s business, and made use of the right of way for that
purpose; but what he is really doing here is, under the guise of the enjoyment
of the dominant tenement, to try and make the right of way become a right of
way for the enjoyment of both lands, the pink and the white [the white land
being a non-dominant tenement which the defendant also owned and which
adjoined the dominant tenement], and [thereby use] the land coloured pink as a
mere continuation of the right of passage from the pink to the white. That is
not what is justified by the grant, and the plaintiff is entitled to say it is
in excess of the grant, and a declaration in his favour ought to be made
accordingly.

The rule stated by Romer LJ is a particular application of the more general
principle that a dominant owner may use a right of way only for the purposes
of the dominant tenement in favour of which the right of way was granted, and
not for the purposes of any other land. As Cozens-Hardy LJ put it in _Harris v
Flower_ (at 133):

What is the right of way? It is a right of way for all purposes – that is,
_for all purposes with reference to the dominant tenement_. The question is
whether the defendant has not attempted, and is not attempting, to enlarge the
area of the dominant tenement. The land coloured white is entirely landlocked
by the acts of the defendant. The only access is by the passage over the land
coloured pink; and it is, in my judgment, impossible to use the right of way
so as to enlarge the dominant tenement in that manner. [emphasis added]

86 In _Gordon and Regan (HC)_ ([47] _supra_), Griffiths J said in the High
Court of Ontario (at 646):

The authorities have consistently held that it is of the very essence of a
right of way that it be appurtenant to some particular parcel of land. A right
of way granted as an easement incidental to a specified property may not be
used by the grantee for the same purpose in respect of another property. That
is, it has been held that the owner of the dominant tenement cannot increase
the burden on the servient tenement by using the right of way to go to
property to which it is appurtenant and then passing over that property to
reach adjoining property.

87 On appeal, the Ontario Court of Appeal ruled as follows (see _Gordon and
Regan (CA)_ ([48] _supra_) at 384):

The appellant seeks to extend the benefit of the right of way to lands
purchased by the dominant [owner] after the right of way was obtained. No
authority for that entitlement has been offered and in this case _it would be
particularly inappropriate [to extend the benefit of the right of way] because
the added lands have an exit which does not require any passage over the right
of way_. [emphasis added]

88 In _Miller v Tipling_ (1918) 43 DLR 469, a decision of the Ontario Supreme
Court, Mulock CJ Ex said (at 475):

The law is well-established that a right of way appurtenant to a particular
close must not be used colourably for the real purpose of reaching a different
adjoining close. _This does not mean that where the way has been used in
accordance with the terms of the grant for the benefit of the land to which it
is appurtenant, the party having thus used it must retrace his steps. Having
lawfully reached the dominant tenement, he may proceed therefrom to adjoining
premises to which the way is not appurtenant;**but, if his object is merely to
pass over the dominant tenement in order to reach other premises, that would
be an unlawful user of the way**_ ... [emphasis added in italics and bold
italics]

89 In _Alvis v Harrison_ (1991) 62 P & CR 10 (a Scottish case in which the
House of Lords stated that the law in Scotland on easements was the same as
that in England), Lord Jauncey of Tullichettle, delivering the only
substantive speech in the judgment, said (at 15–16):

Before turning to the facts of this case it may be convenient to state certain
general principles applicable to servitude rights of access and their use:

(1) Where a right of access is granted in general terms the owner of the
dominant tenement is entitled to exercise that right not only for the purpose
of the use to which the tenement is then being put but also for any other
lawful purposes to which it may be put thereafter. …

(2) The right must be exercised _civiliter_ , that is to say, reasonably and
in a manner least burdensome to the servient tenement. …

…

(4) _A servitude right of access enures to the benefit of the dominant
tenement and no other. Thus it cannot be communicated for the benefit of other
tenements contiguous thereto._ … In _Irvine Knitters Ltd._ v. _North Ayrshire
Coop. Society Ltd._ [1978 SC 109], the Lord President ... said:

What [dominant owners] may not do ... is to use the way, or permit its use by
others, to obtain access to subjects other than the dominant tenement, whether
or not they happen to be heritable proprietors of those other subjects. _They
may not, in short, increase the scope of the right of access, and in
particular they may not use the way for the purpose of securing access for
persons or goods to subjects contiguous to the dominant tenement by using the
dominant tenement merely as a bridge between the end of the lane and the non-
dominant subjects_.

[emphasis added]

90 The _Harris v Flower_ principle was recently restated in _Peacock v
Custins_ ([47] _supra_) and applied therein to facts similar to those in the
present appeal. In _Peacock v Custins_ , the claimants were the owners of 15
acres of agricultural land (“the red land”) that had the benefit of a right of
way over land belonging to the defendants (“the yellow land”). The easement
was expressed in the title deeds to both properties as being a “right of way
at all times and for all purposes” (_id_ at [2]) in favour of the owner of the
red land, and in the conveyance of the red land to the claimants as a “right
of way over the roadway coloured yellow” (_id_ at [3]). The red land (the
dominant tenement) was identified in the title deed to that property and also
in the title deed to the yellow land. In 1997, the claimants sold part of a
different property without retaining any right of way to the part which was
not sold (“the blue land”). That part, which covered about ten acres, happened
to abut the red land. Both plots of land were let to a tenant who farmed them
as one unit. The claimants contended that they and their tenant were entitled
to use the right of way over the yellow land for gaining access to the blue
land. The English Court of Appeal rejected the claim, holding that, under the
_Harris v Flower_ principle, such use would be trespass. Schiemann LJ
(delivering the judgment of the court) said (at [24]–[25] of _Peacock v
Custins_):

24 The right to use a right of way is determined by the terms of the grant,
specifying the dominant tenement for the purposes of which the right is
created. Trespass is whatever is not permitted by the grant. The right is not
to use the way for the purposes of benefiting any property, provided that the
total user does not exceed some notional maximum user which that beneficiary
might have been entitled to make for the purposes of the dominant tenement. If
that were the test, the beneficiary might in some circumstances use the way
entirely for purposes other than those of the dominant tenement. _The right is
to use the way for the purposes of the dominant tenement only_. The grant,
when made, had a notional value which would be identified by reference to
those purposes and their likely impact. Use for other purposes would be likely
to carry its own notional commercial value. The claimants are claiming to use
a way granted for the limited purposes of the 15 acres of red land for the
extended or additional purpose of accessing and cultivating at the same time
the further 10 acres of the blue land. That extended or additional use is of
self-evident commercial value to the claimants, but any value attaching to it
cannot have been embraced in the notional value attached to the actual right
of way for the benefit of the red land.

25 Considering the position as a matter of principle, we would consider that
the defendants are entitled to the declaration that they seek [_viz_ , a
declaration that the claimants were not entitled to use the right of way over
the yellow land to gain access to the blue land]. In our judgment the
authorities to which we have referred, and, in particular, _Harris v Flower_ …
also confirm that, where a court is being asked to declare whether the right
to use a way comprises a right to use it to facilitate the cultivation of land
other than the dominant tenement, the court is not concerned with any
comparison between the amount of use made or to be made of the servient
tenement and the amount of use made or that might lawfully be made within the
scope of the grant. _It is concerned with declaring the scope of the grant,
having regard to its purposes and the identity of the dominant tenement_. The
authorities indicate that the burden on the owner of the servient tenement is
not to be increased without his consent. But burden in this context does not
refer to the number of journeys or the weight of the vehicles. Any use of the
way is, in contemplation of law, a burden, and one must ask whether the
grantor agreed to the grantee making use of the way for that purpose. Although
in _Harris v Flower_ Vaughan Williams LJ mentioned, at p 132, the “heavy and
frequent traffic” arising from the factory which “could not have arisen
without the user of the white land as well as of the pink”, the view we take
of the reasoning in all three judgments in that case ... is that _all three
judges were addressing not the question of additional user, but the different
question_ : whether the white land was being used for purposes which were not
merely adjuncts to the honest use of the pink land (the dominant tenement);
or, rephrasing the same question, _whether the way was being used for the
purposes of the white land as well as the dominant tenement._

[emphasis added]

91 We conclude our survey of the case law by highlighting that the present
case, when compared to the facts in _Peacock v Custins_ ([47] _supra_) and
those in _Harris v Flower_ ([19] _supra_), is _a fortiori_ one where the
dominant owner attempted to extend the benefit of the right of way to a non-
dominant tenement in breach of the _Harris v Flower_ principle. The MC sought
to extend the benefit of the Right of Way to a non-dominant tenement (_ie_ ,
Lot 561) which is more than three times larger than the dominant tenement
(_ie_ , Lot 111-34), and on which now stands 120 apartments, a car park for
188 cars and also a swimming pool. If the Right of Way is extended to benefit
Lot 561, it would increase the burden on the Servient Tenement in a way that
could never have been contemplated by Mutual when it granted the Right of Way
for the benefit of Lot 111-34. Moreover, as the Ontario Court of Appeal
pointed out in _Gordon and Regan (CA)_ ([48] _supra_) at 384, allowing a
dominant owner to extend the benefit of a right of way to a non-dominant
tenement is especially inappropriate when there are (as in the present case)
alternative access routes to the non-dominant tenement (see [87] above). As
mentioned earlier (at [4] and [18] above), Lot 561 has always had two exits at
St Thomas Walk and River Valley Grove respectively: the former leads to both
River Valley Road and Killiney Road, while the latter leads to River Valley
Road. The Residents have been able to use and have in fact used St Thomas Walk
for both vehicular and pedestrian traffic for more than 30 years, and there is
no evidence to show why they could not have used River Valley Grove in the
same manner. In contrast, during the same period, they have not used the Right
of Way for vehicular traffic in any meaningful way and, as the evidence
showed, they might have used it for pedestrian traffic only intermittently.

**_Our ruling on the Main Issue_**

92 As Chao JA pointed out in his dissenting judgment in the Fourth Action (see
[63] above), the _Harris v Flower_ principle is directed at the question of
entitlement to use a right of way, and not at the question of the quantum of
such use. We agree with this statement (see also _Peacock v Custins_ ([47]
_supra_) at [24]–[25] (reproduced at [90] above)). On this basis, our
conclusion on the Main Issue is clear. The Residents have no right to use the
Right of Way to access Lot 561 (where all the 120 residential apartments
comprised in Grange Heights are situated) from Grange Road and _vice versa_.
In the first case (_ie_ , where the Residents use the Right of Way to pass
from Grange Road to Lot 111-34 and then Lot 561), the Right of Way would be
used for the purposes of Lot 561 (a non-dominant tenement), which is not
permitted under the _Harris v Flower_ principle. In the converse case (_ie_ ,
where the Residents first pass from Lot 561 to Lot 111-34, and then use the
Right of Way to pass from Lot 111-34 to Grange Road), there would be excessive
use of the Right of Way in so far as passage between Lot 111-34 and Grange
Road is concerned. This is because the easement would be used by the occupants
of and the visitors to 120 residential apartments, as opposed to the occupants
of and the visitors to the one bungalow which originally stood on Lot 111-34
(see sub-para (b)(ii) of [32] above; see also [104] below).

**May the Right of Way be used for the benefit of Lot 111-34 alone?**

93 Our decision on the Main Issue still leaves an important secondary issue to
be considered, _viz_ : May the Right of Way be used for the benefit of Lot
111-34 (which is now an indivisible part of Lot 687) _alone_? In our view, the
answer to this question is likewise “no” because the Right of Way has already
been extinguished _vis-à-vis_ Lot 111-34 by operation of law due to the
following factors, which we will elaborate on at [102]–[105] and [109] below:

(a) the development of Grange Heights as an integrated residential development
consisting of 120 residential apartments, a car park for 188 cars, a swimming
pool, two tennis courts and other ancillary facilities, such that Lot 111-34
can now be used only together with Lot 561 and not on its own as a distinct
plot of land;

(b)  the impossibility on Lee Tat’s part of ascertaining the extent of the
Residents’ excessive use of the Right of Way and putting a stop to such use,
except by preventing the Residents from using the Right of Way altogether; and

(c) the drastic change in circumstances arising from the Amalgamation, the
construction of Grange Heights as well as the escalation of the price of
residential property in the locality of Grange Heights over the years (coupled
with the virtual inevitability of Lot 111-34 being redeveloped for even more
intensive use in future).

**_Ways in which an easement may be extinguished_**

94 In _Gale on Easements_ ([32] _supra_), three ways in which easements may be
extinguished are listed at paras 12-01, 12-08 and 12-13 respectively, namely:

(a) by operation of law (_ie_ , the common law);

(b) by statute; and

(c) by release, either express or implied.

In the present case, the MC has argued, and we agree, that there is no
legislation in Singapore which expressly empowers the courts to extinguish a
right of way. Extinguishment by express release does not apply as the MC has
not executed any deed of release; neither is extinguishment by implied release
applicable in view of HL’s and the MC’s repeated assertions of the Residents’
entitlement to use the Right of Way in the Previous Actions as well as in the
Present Action. What remains to be considered is extinguishment by operation
of law.

_Extinguishment of an easement by operation of law_

95 It is established law that unity of ownership of the dominant tenement and
the servient tenement will extinguish the easement over the latter, but that
does not apply in the present case since the dominant tenement (_viz_ , Lot
111-34) and the Servient Tenement continue to be owned by different parties.
The law also recognises that an easement may be extinguished if it is no
longer able to serve the dominant tenement in the manner intended by the grant
(where the easement is created by a grant) or the prescriptive right that gave
rise to the easement (where the easement is acquired by prescription, which
has no application under Singapore law). There are two situations in which
this can happen. The first is where the dominant tenement has been altered to
such an extent that the continued use of the easement for the benefit of the
dominant tenement would impose on the servient tenement an excessive burden
which was not intended under the grant (_eg_ , where a dwelling house is
converted into a hotel); the second is where the easement is no longer able to
benefit the dominant tenement as a result of some supervening event (_ie_ ,
the purpose for which the easement was granted has been frustrated). We will
now consider these situations _in seriatim_.

(1) Extinguishment due to alteration of the dominant tenement

96 In _Graham v Philcox_ ([32] _supra_), May LJ stated at 756–757 that the
mere alteration of a dominant tenement would _not_ be sufficient to extinguish
the easement appurtenant to that tenement “ _unless_ as the result of that
alteration the extent of the user [was] thereby increased” [emphasis added]
(_id_ at 757). In this regard, May LJ did not appear to have in mind a case
where the dominant tenement was enlarged by amalgamation with a far larger
non-dominant tenement (which is what has happened as a result of the
Amalgamation). Even if he did have such a scenario in mind, the principle
stated by May LJ would not, in our view, assist the MC in the present case
since the Amalgamation has resulted in a significant increase in the quantum
of use of the Right of Way.

97 The following cases provide a helpful illustration of the principle
enunciated by May LJ at 756–757 of _Graham v Philcox_ ([32] _supra_). In
_British Railways Board v Glass_ [1965] Ch 538 (“ _British Railways Board_ ”),
the dominant tenement, a caravan site, had a prescriptive right of way over a
railway level crossing. The English Court of Appeal held (by a majority) that,
even though use of the caravan site had multiplied five times over the years,
this did not amount to a change in the dominant tenement which was
sufficiently radical to extinguish the prescriptive right of way since that
easement was meant for the benefit of the dominant tenement as, specifically,
a caravan site. As Harman LJ explained (_id_ at 562):

[A] mere increase in the numbers of the caravans using the site is not an
excessive user of the right. A right to use a way for this purpose or that has
never been to my knowledge limited to a right to use the way so many times a
day or for such and such a number of vehicles so long as the dominant tenement
does not change its identity.

Harman LJ accepted that (_id_ at 562–563):

_If there be a radical change in the character of the dominant tenement, then
the prescriptive right will not extend to it in that condition. The obvious
example is a change of a small dwelling-house to a large hotel_ , but there
has been no change of that character according to the facts found in this
case. The caravan site never became a highly organised town of caravans with
fixed standings and roads and all the paraphernalia attendant on such a place
and in my opinion the judge was right in holding that there had been no such
increase in the burden of the easement as to justify the plaintiffs [_ie_ ,
the servient owners] in seeking as they did by injunction ... to prevent [the]
use [of the dominant tenement] as what in the statement of claim [was] called
“a caravan camp or site.” [emphasis added]

Although Harman LJ made his comments in relation to a right of way acquired by
_prescription_ (which, as mentioned at [95] above, is not a recognised mode of
acquiring an easement under Singapore law), his comments are, in our view,
equally relevant for the purposes of determining whether a right of way
created by a _grant_ has been extinguished due to an alteration of the
dominant tenement. (The same applies to the other cases involving prescriptive
rights of way which we shall discuss at [98] and [101] below.)

98 _Giles v County Building Constructors (Hertford) Ltd_ (1971) 22 P & CR 978
(“ _Giles_ ”) was another case in which it was held that the change in the
dominant tenement did not extinguish the easement appurtenant to it. There,
the defendant intended to demolish two houses on the dominant tenement (a
former convent site) and to erect thereon a three-storey block of six flats as
well as a bungalow and seven garages, all of which would have the benefit of a
vehicular right of way that had been acquired by prescription. It was held
that this development did not involve a radical change in the character or
identity of the dominant tenement, and so would not lead to excessive use of
the right of way. After referring to the passage from _British Railways Board_
([97] _supra_) at 562 (reproduced at [97] above), Brightman J said (at 987 of
_Giles_):

The important [considerations], to my mind, are “change of identity” and
“radical change in character.” In my view, the use of the convent site for the
erection of seven modern dwelling units in place of the two existing houses,
cannot properly be described as “changing the identity” or “radically changing
the character” of the convent site. I think it is evolution rather than
mutation. Assuming a right of way to exist over the terraced roadway for the
benefit of the convent site, that right existed to serve the purposes of the
convent site as the site of dwelling-houses and the convent site will continue
to be used for dwelling-houses. _To some extent, of course, the matter must be
one of degree,_ because _I quite see that the erection of a skyscraper block
of flats on the convent site might well be said to cause a radical change in
the character of the dominant tenement which alters its identity._ But that is
not what is proposed here. [emphasis added]

99 On the other side of the divide are the Canadian case of _Malden Farms Ltd
v Nicholson_ (1956) 3 DLR (2d) 236 (“ _Malden Farms_ ”) and the English case
of _Jelbert v Davi_ s [1968] 1 WLR 589. In the former, the defendant built a
beach resort on the dominant tenement, which was previously used as a private
residence. As a result, a right of way which had been expressly granted to the
dominant tenement ended up being used by hundreds of members of the public.
The Ontario Court of Appeal held that this amounted to a change in the
dominant tenement which resulted in excessive use of the right of way. In
_Jelbert v Davi_ s, the plaintiff farmer enjoyed a right of way “at all times
and for all purposes over the [servient tenement] … in common with all other
persons having the like right” (_id_ at 593). He obtained permission to use
part of his land as a tourist caravan and camping site for up to 200 caravans
and/or tents between April and October of each year. The English Court of
Appeal held that the use of the right of way by 200 caravans would cause
considerable inconvenience to the servient owners and would plainly amount to
excessive use. In this regard, Lord Denning MR pointed out (_id_ at 595) that:

Although the right is granted “at all times and for all purposes,”
nevertheless it is not a sole right. It is a right “in common with all other
persons having the like right.” It must not be used so as to interfere
unreasonably with the use by those other persons, that is, with their use of
it as they do now, or as they may do lawfully in the future. The only way in
which the rights of all can be reconciled is by holding that none of them must
use the way excessively.

As for whether a particular new or proposed use of a dominant tenement might
lead to excessive use of an easement, Lord Denning remarked, with his
customary acuity (_id_ at 596), that:

The question ... turns on the facts and circumstances of the particular case.
Is the proposed user so extensive as to be outside the reasonable
contemplation of the parties at the time the grant was made?

100 An extremely important point to note is that, in determining whether an
easement has been extinguished by an alteration of the dominant tenement, it
is not the change in the dominant tenement _per se_ that is crucial but,
rather, the consequent, inevitable increase (if any) in _the quantum of use of
the easement_. This is illustrated by the English High Court’s decision in
_Atwood v Bovis Homes Ltd_ [2001] Ch 379 (“ _Atwood_ ”).

101 In _Atwood_ ([100] _supra_), which concerned an easement of drainage
acquired by prescription, Neuberger J distinguished an easement of drainage
from a right of way. In respect of the latter, he summarised the case law
_vis-à-vis_ the impact of an alteration of the dominant tenement as follows
(_id_ at 387–388):

1 The only case where the question at issue was whether a change in the nature
of use (as opposed to intensification of the existing use) of the dominant
tenement could destroy or result in an impermissible enjoyment of a right of
way obtained by prescription was _Wimbledon and Putney Commons Conservators v
Dixon_ , [(1875)] 1 Ch D 362.

2 Not only in the decision in the _Wimbledon_ case (binding on me as a
decision of the Court of Appeal), but in other cases, it has been stated or
assumed to be right that a substantial change in the nature of the use of the
dominant tenement will result in the right to use the way, obtained by
prescription, being either destroyed or [rendered] impermissible.

3 There is a dispute between the parties in relation to the observations of
the Court of Appeal in the _Wimbledon_ case, and indeed in the other cases, as
to the proper analysis of those observations. _Is the principle that a radical
alteration in the use or nature of the dominant tenement**of itself** puts an
end to, or renders impermissible any use of, the right of way? This is what I
shall call the “strict rule”. Alternatively, is the rule more flexible,
namely, that a radical change in the use or nature of a dominant tenement will
lead to such a conclusion, **unless the change is such that it will not result
in any significant increase in the quantum** , or of any significant
alteration in the nature, **of the use of the way** from that enjoyed in
relation to the original use of the way. **By “quantum” I mean frequency of
usage** , and by “nature” I mean, for instance, lorries, motor cars,
pedestrians, bicycles and so on._

4 In that connection, observations which one sees in the cases, whether part
of the ratio (as in the _Wimbledon_ case) or included as the obiter
observations (as in _Williams v James_ , [(1867)] LR 2 CP 577 and _British
Railways Board v Glass_ [1965] Ch 538), relating to a change from a field to a
factory, from a house to a hotel or from a field to a house building site, do
not seem to me to be decisive. They all carry with them the understandable
assumption that the changes would involve an increase in the quantum of the
user and/or a change in the nature of the user of the way resulting from the
change in the use of the dominant tenement.

5 The advantage of the flexible rule is that it can be said to be in
accordance with commercial common sense ... Why should the owner of the
servient tenement, in that capacity, care about a change of use to the
dominant tenement, however radical, if it can be shown that it makes no
difference to the quantum or nature of the use of the way? It could be said to
be contrary to common sense that, if a right of way has been obtained by
prescription in favour of a building being used as a hotel, the right to use
the way would be lost if the owner of the dominant tenement changed the use to
a house and could demonstrate that it was inconceivable that anything other
than a diminution in the quantum of the use [would] arise and that there
[would] be no change in the nature of the use.

6 The advantage of the strict rule is that it leads to a relative degree of
certainty. It might be asked how one could predict the extent of the future
likely use of the way following a change of use of the dominant tenement. For
instance, what would be the position if the radical change of use was itself
changed or subsequently intensified? It might also be asked, is one to compare
the projected use of the way following the change of use of the dominant
tenement with the historic actual use of the way, or with what might have been
the maximum permitted use of the way in relation to the original use of the
dominant tenement?

7 _I would tentatively suggest that the rule may be that, if there is a
subsequent radical change in the use of the dominant tenement, a right of way
acquired by prescription can only continue to be used in connection with the
dominant tenement**if the court can be satisfied that the change cannot result
in the use of the way being greater in quantum** or different in character
from that [while the way] was for any continuous period of 20 or 40 years
[used] ... in connection with the original use of the dominant tenement._ (For
completeness, I should explain that the periods of 20 or 40 years are selected
on the basis of the periods necessary to obtain an easement, be it a right of
way or other easement, by prescription.) The onus would be on the owner of the
dominant tenement, and would, I suspect, normally be difficult to satisfy in
relation to a right of way.

...

9 Whichever of the two rules is correct, it is clear that a prescriptive right
of way arises from a fictional grant. Whether the flexible rule or the strict
rule applies, it is accepted ... that _the general purpose of the rule is to
ensure that the owner of the dominant tenement does not use the way for a
purpose, or to a degree, not contemplated by the fictional grant_.

[emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

In our view, although Neuberger J stated the law on a tentative basis, the
principle which he suggested at 388 of _Atwood_ is helpful in our local
context for determining whether a right of way created by a grant has been
extinguished due to a change in the dominant tenement.

102 In the present case, the dominant tenement (_ie_ , Lot 111-34) has changed
in terms of its _character_ and its _nature of use_. With regard to the change
in character, the Amalgamation destroyed the physical identity of Lot 111-34
as a distinct lot, in that the boundary which previously separated it from Lot
561 was obliterated and the two lots became Lot 687. Consequently, Lot 111-34
can no longer be used as a stand-alone lot, but only as an ancillary to Lot
561; and, given the number of residential apartments which now stand on Lot
561, Lot 111-34 may be used by the occupants of and the visitors to some 120
households. In terms of the change in the nature of use, Lot 111-34, which
previously had on it a bungalow with a tennis court, was originally used for
residential purposes, but is now used for recreational purposes, as evinced by
the tennis courts and the changing rooms which presently stand on it. It might
be argued that, since the recreational facilities on Lot 111-34 are intended
for the enjoyment of the Residents, this lot is in essence still being used
for residential purposes. We are not, however, persuaded by this argument
since none of the residential apartments in Grange Heights is located on Lot
111-34, with the result that none of the Residents actually lives on this plot
of land. Clearly, Lot 111-34 is being used exclusively for recreational, as
opposed to residential, purposes, and the use of the Right of Way to access
Lot 111-34 from Grange Road and _vice versa_ would be for that particular
purpose only.

103 The above changes to the character and the nature of use of Lot 111-34
would result in a significant increase in the quantum of use of the Right of
Way if (contrary to our decision at [93] above) the Residents are permitted to
continue using this easement for the purposes of Lot 111-34 alone. It might be
argued, by way of rebuttal, that, in practice, only a handful of the Residents
and their visitors would use the Right of Way for access between Lot 111-34
and Grange Road at any point in time, given the limited number of tennis
courts on Lot 111-34; therefore, the current quantum of use of the Right of
Way (if it is still permitted to be used in relation to Lot 111-34) would not
be significantly greater than the quantum of use which existed at the time of
the Grant. This contention is, however, untenable because, for the purposes of
determining whether an alteration of a dominant tenement has led to excessive
use of the easement appurtenant to it, what is significant is the increase in
the number of people _entitled to use_ the easement, and not the increase in
the number of people out of those entitled to the benefit of the easement who
_actually use_ the easement at any particular juncture. This is evident from
Lord Denning’s explanation in _Jelbert v Davis_ ([99] _supra_) that the change
in the dominant tenement in that case would result in excessive use of the
right of way in question because (_id_ at 596):

_[I]f_ this caravan site is used to its full intensity for 200 units, there
would be such congestion that it would interfere with the reasonable use by
[the servient owners] of their own right of way ... [emphasis added]

104 In our view, the above statement is applicable to Lee Tat’s right to enjoy
the Right of Way in its capacity as the owner of the Servient Tenement and as
the dominant owner of Lot 111-32 and Lot 111-33, given that some 120
households and their visitors may potentially use the Right of Way (assuming
that this easement may still be used for the benefit of Lot 111-34). Mutual
could never have intended the Right of Way to be used by such a large number
of people, considering that only one bungalow stood on Lot 111-34 at the time
of the Grant. Such intensification in the use of the easement in the present
case far exceeds that which occurred in _British Railways Board_ ([97]
_supra_) and _Giles_ ([98] _supra_), and is akin to that which featured in
_Malden Farms_ ([99] _supra_) as well as in the examples given by Harman LJ in
_British Railways Board_ (_viz_ , of a small dwelling house being converted to
a large hotel) and Brightman J in _Giles_ (_viz_ , of a skyscraper being
constructed on a former convent site) respectively.

105 The above increase in the quantum of use of the Right of Way is permanent
and irreversible. Given that Lot 111-34 now forms an integral and indivisible
part of a much larger plot of land (_viz_ , Lot 687), it is inconceivable that
Lot 111-34 will ever revert to a state in which the use of the Right of Way
for its benefit is of the same intensity as that which prevailed when this
easement was used for the benefit of Lot 111-34 in its original state – in
other words, it is not possible for the use of the Right of Way _vis-à-vis_
Lot 111-34 to ever be lawful again. Further, because of the Amalgamation and
the resultant loss of the physical identity of Lot 111-34 as a distinct lot,
it is not possible for Lee Tat to ascertain the extent of the Residents’
excessive use of the Right of Way and put a stop to such use. A resident of
Grange Heights who has crossed from Grange Road to Lot 111-34 via the Right of
Way may, after reaching Lot 111-34, further cross over to Lot 561 without even
realising that he has done so – _ie_ , a resident of Grange Heights may
inadvertently stray from a lawful use of the Right of Way to an unlawful use.
Correspondingly, Lee Tat will never be in a position to determine whether any
particular instance of use of the Right of Way by the Residents exceeds the
terms of the Grant. This is a significant point because, although “[e]xcessive
use of an easement _does not of itself_ put an end to the easement or qualify
the rights under it” [emphasis added] (see Peter Butt, _Land Law_ (Lawbook Co,
4th Ed, 2001) at para 1672), it is also the law that “if the owner of the
servient tenement cannot otherwise abate the excessive user of the easement he
may obstruct the whole use of it” (see _Gale on Easements_ ([32] _supra_) at
para 12-82). In our view, the present case is precisely one in which Lee Tat,
the owner of the Servient Tenement, cannot halt the Residents’ excessive use
of the Right of Way except by precluding the Residents from using the easement
altogether. That being the case, there is no reason why Lee Tat would not be
entitled to a permanent injunction restraining the Residents from using the
Right of Way _in toto_. We accept that the grant of such a permanent
injunction would not in itself extinguish the Right of Way because, as stated
by May LJ in _Graham v Philcox_ ([32] _supra_) at 756:

The fact that a court may grant an appropriate injunction ... does not ...
either extinguish or suspend the easement. _Provided that the owner of the
dominant tenement subsequently reverts to lawful use of the easement_ , his
prior excessive use of it is then irrelevant. [emphasis added]

However, given that there is, as we have just mentioned, no practical
possibility of the Residents ever reverting to a lawful use of the Right of
Way, the easement is effectively non-existent _vis-à-vis_ Lot 111-34 as, in
practical terms, it can never again benefit the Residents or their successors
in title.

106 Applying the principles set out in the cases discussed earlier (at
[97]–[101] above) to the factual situation delineated at [102]–[105] above, we
hold that the alterations in the character and the nature of use of Lot
111-34, _coupled with the resultant increase in the quantum of use of the
Right of Way_ , have resulted in the extinguishment of this easement _vis-à-
vis_ Lot 111-34. The Residents can no longer use the Right of Way for the
benefit of Lot 111-34 alone without breaching the terms of the Grant.

(2) Extinguishment due to frustration of the purpose for which the easement
was granted

107 Turning to the second of the two situations in which an easement may be
extinguished on the ground that it is no longer able to serve the dominant
tenement in the manner originally envisaged (see [95] above), the English
Court of Appeal’s decision in _Huckvale v Aegean Hotels_ (1989) 58 P & CR 163
(“ _Huckvale_ ”) is notable, in our view, for expressly keeping open the
possibility that the English courts may recognise a “change in circumstances”
doctrine for the purposes of modifying or extinguishing an easement. Even
though _Huckvale_ was an appeal against an interlocutory injunction and the
court ultimately decided that the issue of whether the easement in that case
had been extinguished by operation of law was apt for adjudication by a trial
judge, we agree with the opinion expressed by Slade LJ, who said (at 173):

... I would for my part be prepared to accept in principle that, even in a
case of that nature [_ie_ , where both the dominant tenement and the servient
tenement still exist], _circumstances might have changed so drastically since
the date of the original grant of an easement_ (for example by supervening
illegality) _that it would offend common sense and reality for the court to
hold that an easement still subsisted._ Nevertheless, I think the court could
properly so hold only in a very clear case. [emphasis added]

Slade LJ added that (_ibid_):

[T]he court should be slow to hold that an easement has been extinguished by
frustration, unless the evidence shows clearly that because of a change in
circumstances since the date of the original grant there is no practical
possibility of [the easement] ever again benefiting the dominant tenement in
the manner contemplated by that grant.

108 In contrast, Nourse LJ was more tentative in his approach to the question
of whether an easement which accommodated the dominant tenement at the date of
the grant but which subsequently failed to accommodate it was thereby
extinguished by law even though the dominant tenement still existed. On the
one hand, Nourse LJ observed (see _Huckvale_ ([107] _supra_) at 170) that the
proposition that an easement could be extinguished on this ground was “novel
and unsupported by any authority which ha[d] been cited to [the court]”; on
the other hand, he also recognised that “it could not be said that there might
not be a case whose facts would attract its operation” (_ibid_).

109 In our view, the same factors which we set out earlier (at [102]–[105]
above) in relation to the alteration of Lot 111-34 would justify our holding
that “it would offend common sense and reality ... to hold that [the] easement
still [subsists]” (_per_ Slade LJ in _Huckvale_ ([107] _supra_) at 173). Due
to the change in the character and the nature of use of Lot 111-34, coupled
with the ensuing increase in the quantum of use of the Right of Way, this
easement (if it continues to be used in relation to Lot 111-34) would now be
used for a purpose which is different from that which prevailed when the Grant
was made, and at an intensity which is far greater than the intensity of use
at the time of the Grant. This situation is irreversible not only because of
the Amalgamation and the development of Grange Heights, but also because,
having regard to the escalation of the price of residential property in the
area where Grange Heights is located as well as the prevailing and future cost
of residential property in that area, it is absolutely unrealistic to
contemplate any future owner of Lot 111-34 ever reverting to the original use
of this plot, _ie_ , as a residential site for a single dwelling unit. Indeed,
Lot 111-34 will almost certainly be redeveloped for even more intensive use in
future. In short, there is no realistic possibility of the Right of Way ever
again benefiting Lot 111-34 in the manner envisaged under the Grant. On this
basis, we are of the view that the Right of Way has also been extinguished by
frustration.

**Our observations on the use of the Right of Way for vehicular traffic**

110 It may be recalled that one of the issues raised before the Judge in the
court below was whether the Residents had abandoned their entitlement to use
the Right of Way for vehicular traffic by not utilising the easement for this
purpose in any meaningful way since 1976. In the Second Action, the CA was
under the impression that the MC’s stance in relation to the use of the Right
of Way for vehicular traffic was that the Residents “[did] not use [the Right
of Way] for vehicular traffic at all but only as a footpath” (see _Grange
Heights (No 2) (CA)_ ([28] _supra_) at 870–871, [23]). The MC subsequently
contended otherwise in the third of the Committal Proceedings, and asserted
that what it meant was that “[t]he easement did not become subject to
vehicular use exclusively, but _continued_ to [be] used as a footpath, in
accordance with the terms of [the] easement”[note: 8] [emphasis in original]
and, thus, the Residents had not stopped using the Right of Way for vehicular
traffic. In support of its argument, the MC tendered (_inter alia_) affidavits
deposed by two of the Residents in March 2004 asserting that they had used the
Right of Way for vehicular traffic[note: 9] (one of the deponents added that
he had stopped driving along the Right of Way only sometime in 2003 because of
the poor condition of the Right of Way).[note: 10] In the court below, the
Judge declined to make any ruling on the question of whether the Right of Way
had been used for vehicular traffic after 1976 since it was not relevant to
the issue before him, which was the Main Issue (see _Grange Heights (No 3)
(HC)_ ([2] _supra_) at [36]–[37]). Given our ruling that the Right of Way has
been extinguished _vis-à-vis_ Lot 111-34, it is likewise unnecessary for us to
comment further on the use of this easement for vehicular traffic.

**Summary of our rulings**

111 We summarise our rulings on the pertinent issues considered in this appeal
as follows:

(a) The Main Issue was not decided on the merits by either the courts in the
Second Action (see sub-para (g) of [32] above) or the courts in the Fourth
Action (see [36] and [83] above).

(b) The Majority Judges, in holding that the Main Issue had been decided by
the courts in the Second Action and that, consequently, Lee Tat was estopped
from bringing up the Main Issue in the Fourth Action, made an egregious error
since three out of the four essential elements of issue estoppel were not
satisfied (see [55] above).

(c) Due to the circumstances outlined at [80] above, there would be grave
injustice to Lee Tat if it were estopped by the Majority Judgment from raising
the Main Issue before this court. For this reason, the _Arnold_ exception
applies in the present case.

(d) In any event, since the Main Issue has never been decided on the merits,
the doctrine of issue estoppel cannot possibly operate to preclude Lee Tat
from raising the Main Issue in the present appeal. This is because the
doctrine of issue estoppel is predicated on the issue which is the subject
matter of the estoppel having already been decided on the merits (see [82]
above).

(e) Our decision on the Main Issue is that (see [92] above):

(i) by reason of the _Harris v Flower_ principle, the Residents are not
entitled to use the Right of Way to pass from Grange Road to Lot 561 as this
easement was granted for the benefit of Lot 111-34, and not Lot 561; and

(ii) the Residents also may not cross from Lot 561 to Lot 111-34 and then
further cross from Lot 111-34 to Grange Road via the Right of Way as this
would result in excessive use of the Right of Way where passage between Lot
111-34 and Grange Road is concerned.

(f) The Residents also may not use the Right of Way for the benefit of Lot
111-34 alone because this easement has already been extinguished _vis-à-vis_
Lot 111-34 by operation of law due to the permanent and irreversible change in
the character and the nature of use of Lot 111-34 as well as the drastic
change in circumstances since the date of the Grant, including in particular
the rise over the years in the price of residential property in the area where
Grange Heights is located (see [93], [102]–[105] and [109] above). As a result
of these developments, the Right of Way is no longer able to benefit Lot
111-34 in the manner intended by the Grant.

**Conclusion**

112 In the event, we allow Lee Tat’s appeal and set aside the decision of the
Judge that the MC is entitled to repair and/or maintain the Right of Way. We
are not, however, in a position to make any declaratory orders in relation to
the existence of the Right of Way _vis-à-vis_ Lot 111-34 as such relief has
not been sought by Lee Tat in the Present Action.

113 With respect to the costs of the proceedings here and below, we are of the
view that, given the course which this appeal took as well as the manner in
which Lee Tat and the MC argued their respective cases, each party should bear
its own costs and disbursements. The security deposit is to be returned to Lee
Tat.

[LawNet Admin Note: Appendix 1 is viewable only to LawNet subscribers via the
PDF in the Case View Tools.]

  

* * *

[note: 1]See the Appellant’s Core Bundle, vol 2 at p 30.

[note: 2]See p 2 of the certified transcript of the notes of argument of the
hearing before Coomaraswamy J on 8 September 1989 (“the notes of argument for
8 September 1989”).

[note: 3]_Ibid_.

[note: 4]See p 5 of the notes of argument for 8 September 1989.

[note: 5]See the Supplemental Record of Appeal, vol 4A at p 453.

[note: 6]See OS 825/2004 (Record of Appeal, vol 3A at pp 131–135).

[note: 7]See the Supplemental Record of Appeal, vol 4B at pp 996–997.

[note: 8]See para 25 of the affidavit of Rustom Minocher Ghadiali filed on 4
March 2004 (at Supplemental Core Bundle vol 3, p 461).

[note: 9]See paras 5–6 of Ivan Steinbock’s affidavit filed on 4 March 2004 (at
Supplemental Record of Appeal vol 4D, p 1348) and paras 5–6 of Lim Yong
Chuan’s affidavit filed on 4 March 2004 (at Supplemental Record of Appeal vol
4D, p 1355).

[note: 10]See para 7 of Ivan Steinbock’s affidavit filed on 4 March 2004 (at
Supplemental Record of Appeal vol 4D, p 1348).

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 01 Dec 2008 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

