Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Registrar of Vehicles v Komoco Motors Pte Ltd  
[2008] SGCA 19

Case Number | : | CA 74/2007  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 08 May 2008  
Tribunal/Court | : | Court of Appeal  
Coram | : |  Chan Sek Keong CJ; Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA; V K Rajah JA   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Sundaresh Menon, Simon Goh, Baldev Singh and Paul Tan (Rajah & Tann) for the appellant; Harry Elias SC, Philip Fong, Navin Joseph Lobo and Sharmini Selvaratnam (Harry Elias Partnership) for the respondent   
Parties | : |  Registrar of Vehicles — Komoco Motors Pte Ltd   
  
Administrative Law – Judicial review – Fettering of discretion and abrogation
of power – Registrar of Vehicles having power to determine value of vehicle
for purposes of levying additional registration fee – Registrar having
practice of adopting Customs' valuation of open market value of vehicle as its
"value" – Whether Registrar was entitled to rely on Customs' valuation of OMV
to compute ARF payable – Whether Registrar failing to exercise power vested in
her – Whether Registrar failing to give genuine consideration to car
importer's representations – Rule 7(3) Road Traffic (Motor Vehicles,
Registration and Licensing) Rules (Cap 276, R 5, 2004 Rev Ed)  
  

8 May 2008 |   
---|---  
  
Chan Sek Keong CJ (delivering the grounds of decision of the court):

**Introduction**

1 This was an appeal by the Registrar of Vehicles (“the Registrar”) against
the decision of the judge in the court below (“the Judge”) granting the
prerogative orders of _certiorari_ and _mandamus_ against the Registrar on the
application of Komoco Motors Pte Ltd (“Komoco”) (see _Komoco Motors Pte Ltd v
Registrar of Vehicles_ [2007] 4 SLR 145) (“the GD”)).

2 The Judge found that the Registrar had failed to exercise her discretionary
power under r 7(3) of the Road Traffic (Motor Vehicles, Registration and
Licensing) Rules (Cap 276, R 5, 2004 Rev Ed) (“the Rules”) to determine the
value of 17,448 motor vehicles imported by Komoco (“the Cars”) for the
purposes of calculating the additional registration fee (“ARF”) payable on
those vehicles.

3 We allowed the appeal at the conclusion of the hearing of the appeal, and
now give the reasons for our decision. For convenience, in these grounds of
decision, the expression “the Registrar” will include, where the context
requires, any predecessor of the Registrar, and the term “she” will include
“he” (and _vice versa_) with regard to the gender of the Registrar.

**Legal context**

4 The relevant legal context of this case covers a period of about 40 years.
Since the 1960s, the Government, under what we shall refer to as “the ARF
Scheme”, has imposed an ARF on each motor vehicle imported into Singapore over
and above other duties, such as excise duties, payable on the vehicle. Under r
7(1) of the Rules, the ARF is fixed at a specified percentage of the value of
the motor vehicle in question; the applicable percentage is prescribed from
time to time under Pt II of the First Schedule to the Rules. The power to
determine the value of a motor vehicle for the purposes of ascertaining the
ARF payable is vested in the Registrar under r 7(3) of the Rules, which states
that:

[T]he value of a motor vehicle shall be determined by the Registrar after
making such enquiries, if any, as he thinks fit and the decision of the
Registrar shall be final.

The “value” of a motor vehicle in relation to the computation of the ARF is
not statutorily defined. Before 1968, this value was based on what was known
as the “CIF value” of a motor vehicle, _ie_ , the value of the vehicle in
question as calculated on a cargo, insurance and freight basis. This meant
that each time before the Registrar imposed the ARF on a motor vehicle, she
had to first determine its CIF value in the manner set out in the then
equivalent of r 7(3) of the Rules, _ie_ , after making such inquiries, if any,
as she thought fit.

5 In 1968, the Government decided to change this policy. The then Minister for
Finance, Dr Goh Keng Swee, announced a new policy (“the 1968 Policy
Directive”) on how the value of a motor vehicle should be computed for the
purposes of assessing its ARF (see _Singapore Parliamentary Debates, Official
Report_ (3 December 1968) vol 28 at cols 56–57). He said that the assessment
of the ARF would in future be based on the open market value (“OMV”) of the
vehicle in question, and noted that “[t]he new basis of assessment [was] in
line with the practice in Malaysia and in the Customs Department” (_id_ at col
57).

6 The introduction of the 1968 Policy Directive enabled the Registrar, in the
exercise of her power under the then equivalent of r 7(3) of the Rules, to
henceforth calculate the ARF payable on a motor vehicle based on its OMV as
determined by the Singapore Customs (“Customs”). The OMV of a motor vehicle
has always been determined (for the purposes of imposing, _inter alia_ ,
excise duties) by Customs pursuant to regulations made under the Customs Act
(Cap 70, 2004 Rev Ed) (“the Act”) and its predecessor statutes. No legal issue
appears to have arisen (at least not until the present appeal was filed) with
regard to the legality, propriety or reasonableness of the 1968 Policy
Directive as well as the Registrar’s practice (which the Judge referred to as
“policy” at, _inter alia_ , [24]–[30] of the GD) of determining the value of a
motor vehicle, when computing the ARF payable, based on that vehicle’s OMV as
determined by Customs (“Customs’ OMV”). Indeed, it is common ground between
Komoco and the Registrar that the motor vehicle industry in Singapore has
accepted this methodology without protest for the last 40 years. No importer
of motor vehicles has thought fit to protest against or challenge the
legality, propriety or reasonableness of this method of assessing a motor
vehicle’s value on the ground that the Registrar, in adopting it, was acting
in breach of r 7(3) of the Rules. Similarly, we have not been informed that
any motor vehicle trader has ever challenged the propriety of this method of
ascertaining a motor vehicle’s value on the ground that the trader has no
opportunity to be heard or to make representations on the Customs’ OMV of the
motor vehicle concerned (which would also be the value of that vehicle for the
purposes of the ARF Scheme). In the circumstances, it can be said that there
exists, in effect, a convention with regard to the way in which the ARF is
calculated in that the Registrar may use the Customs’ OMV of a motor vehicle
as the proper basis for computing the applicable ARF. For convenience, we
shall refer to this practice of the Registrar as “the Administrative
Convention”.

7 In our view, there is little doubt that, in the context of public
administration, the Administrative Convention was and is the most efficient
way to administer the ARF scheme. It has all the attributes of good public
administration in that it is cost-effective, objective, open and transparent
to all traders and importers of motor vehicles. The determination of a motor
vehicle’s OMV, whether for the purposes of levying excise duty or the ARF, is
done only once and with finality by Customs at the point of entry of each
vehicle into Singapore. Any importer who is aggrieved with Customs’
determination may object to it by making an application to the Director-
General of Customs (“the DG”) (see s 22B(1) of the Act). If the importer is
dissatisfied with the DG’s decision, it may appeal to the High Court against
that decision (see s 22B(5) of the Act). What we have here is a legal
framework for determining a motor vehicle’s OMV which is not only completely
open, transparent, predictable and fair to all importers and traders of motor
vehicles, but also subject to judicial scrutiny. As we have said earlier, the
arrangement has all the attributes of good public administration.

8 It is also common knowledge in the motor vehicle industry (and thus known to
Komoco as well) that prior to 1 April 2003 (which is the material period in
this appeal), the OMV of a motor vehicle generally comprised the following
components (as calculated at the material time) under the Brussels’ Definition
of Value:

(a) the _transaction value_ , which was the price paid or payable for a motor
vehicle by a buyer to a supplier based on the vehicle’s CIF value;

(b) the _handling charge_ , which was the handling expense for transferring a
motor vehicle which arrived by air or by sea from the conveyance carrier onto
land (handling charges were imputed as 1% of the vehicle’s CIF value); and

(c) the _agency uplift_ , which consisted of expenses for advertising,
promotions and warranties, as well as showroom and warehousing costs
(generally, the agency uplift in respect of a motor vehicle was estimated by
Customs to be a percentage of the vehicle’s invoice price (“uplift
percentage”), which percentage was fixed for certain periods of time and
generally reviewed on an annual basis).

9 The ARF Scheme works on the basis of voluntary disclosure in that the OMV of
a motor vehicle is calculated based on information which the importer is
required to provide to Customs via a declaration of fact (“DOF”). However,
Customs conducts periodic checks, known in the industry as “post-clearance
audits”, on the accounts and ledgers of motor vehicle importers to verify the
accuracy of the information and figures provided in their DOFs. If Customs
decides after a post-clearance audit that the OMV of a motor vehicle should be
increased, Customs will inform the importer concerned and ask for payment of
the additional excise duty and goods and services tax (“GST”) payable as a
result of the original under-valuation of that vehicle’s OMV. Customs will
also inform the Registrar of the revised OMV, and the Registrar, after
checking and verifying the vehicle concerned, will use the revised OMV to
compute the new ARF applicable. This practice is known to all established
importers of motor vehicles, including Komoco.

10 This appeal has arisen because Komoco objected to Customs’ revised
valuation, following a post-clearance audit, of the OMVs of 17,449 cars which
it had imported between 13 November 1999 and 31 March 2003 (“the 17,449
cars”), but at the same time decided to pay – under protest – the additional
amount of excise duty and GST as well as the composition penalty demanded by
Customs (collectively referred to as “the Composition Sum”) after the latter
offered to compound the offence under s 128 of the Act of under-declaring a
motor vehicle’s OMV. Komoco did not appeal to the High Court against the
revised Customs’ OMVs of the 17,449 cars and did not defend the charge of
under-valuation in court. It would appear that Komoco decided on these steps
with a view to re-opening the alleged under-valuation of the 17,449 cars with
the Registrar, who, it must have known, would simply use the revised Customs’
OMVs of those cars to calculate and collect the additional ARF payable. Komoco
did indeed re-open this issue subsequently when it objected to the Registrar’s
demand for payment of additional ARF in respect of the Cars. (This was also
the first time that the Administrative Convention was being challenged since
the implementation of the 1968 Policy Directive.) When the Registrar refused
to budge, Komoco immediately applied to the court, via Originating Summons No
86 of 2005 (“OS 86/2005”), for leave to commence judicial review proceedings
in respect of the Registrar’s decision, contending that there had been a
breach of natural justice in that it had not been given the opportunity to be
heard _vis-à-vis_ its objections to the valuation of the Cars.

11 It will be immediately appreciated that if Komoco’s position on the law is
correct, _ie_ , if Komoco were indeed entitled (on the facts of this case) to
re-open the issue of the OMVs of the Cars _vis-à-vis_ the Registrar, it would
undermine the Administrative Convention by forcing the Registrar to recompute
the OMV of a motor vehicle (and, thus, its “value” for the purposes of Pt II
of the First Schedule to the Rules) all over again each time an objection is
raised to that vehicle’s Customs’ OMV. It would also mean that every motor
vehicle dealer or importer who disagrees with Customs’ determination of a
motor vehicle’s OMV can settle the matter with Customs first (by paying, under
protest, excise duty and GST based on the Customs’ OMV of the vehicle) and
then try to prove to the Registrar, at the stage when the ARF is being
assessed, why Customs was wrong in its computation of the OMV. This can only
put the Registrar in a no-win position, as we will explain later (see [72]
below), and simply shows that a rigid adherence to the rules of natural
justice in the circumstances of this case can result in wasteful consumption
of public resources and less efficient public administration.

12 Surprisingly, in the present case, the Registrar did not stand by the
Administrative Convention and did not attempt to justify the legality of this
convention by referring to r 7(3) of the Rules, which only required her _to
make such inquiries, if any, as she thought fit_. Instead, the Registrar
agreed to give Komoco “a fair, reasonable and just hearing”[note: 1] on
whether or not any further ARF had to be paid in respect of the Cars. After
the Registrar heard Komoco on the issue and affirmed her original decision
that the “value[s]” of these vehicles for the purposes of Pt II of the First
Schedule to the Rules was their revised Customs’ OMVs and that, accordingly,
additional ARF did have to be paid, Komoco applied afresh (via Originating
Summons No 1599 of 2006 (“OS 1599/2006”), the action which gave rise to this
appeal) for leave to seek judicial review of the Registrar’s decision on the
ground, _inter alia_ , that she had slavishly adopted the revised Customs’
OMVs of the Cars as their values in computing the ARF payable and had thereby
fettered her own discretion under r 7(3) of the Rules to independently
determine the values of these vehicles and/or had abrogated such discretion to
Customs. We found, on the evidence, that this was _not_ the case. Before
explaining the reasons for our decision, we will first set out the chronology
of the material events.

**Chronology of events**

13 In 2001, Customs conducted a post-clearance audit on Komoco. The audit
initially focused on whether the import values of the 17,449 cars had been
under-declared. Subsequently, the focus shifted to the components of the
agency uplift, which is itself a component of a motor vehicle’s OMV (see [8]
above). Komoco engaged tax experts from M/s Ernst & Young (“EY”) to provide
technical advice and assistance in relation to the post-clearance audit. In
August 2004, Customs informed Komoco that it considered that Komoco had made
incorrect OMV declarations in respect of the 17,449 cars contrary to s 128 of
the Act. Customs made an offer (“the Offer of Composition”) to compound the
offence on payment by Komoco of the Composition Sum.

14 Over the next few months, several exchanges of correspondence and various
meetings took place between Komoco and Customs. The crux of these discussions
revolved around the calculation of the uplift percentages applicable to the
17,449 cars. Customs had revised the uplift percentages upwards, resulting in
an increase in the OMVs of these cars. Komoco strongly objected to such
revision. It submitted reports by its auditors, M/s Deloitte & Touche (“DT”),
and by EY (which we will refer to as “the DT Report” and “the EY Report”
respectively) to Customs for the latter’s consideration. On 22 September 2004,
Komoco offered to meet the Offer of Composition on a without prejudice basis
and on, _inter alia_ , the following conditions:

(a) there would be no admission by Komoco of any wrongdoing;

(b) the acceptance by Komoco of the Offer of Composition was not to be
construed as an admission to either Customs or any other party;

(c) there would be no revision in Customs’ uplift percentages for the years
1999 to 2003; and

(d) there would be no attribution of the sums paid to any number of cars.

15 On 29 September 2004, Customs informed Komoco that it could not accede to
the latter’s request to settle the matter on these conditions. Eventually,
after a further exchange of correspondence, Customs gave Komoco a final notice
dated 29 October 2004 that legal action would be taken against the latter if
the Offer of Composition was not accepted by 1 November 2004. To avoid
prosecution by Customs, Komoco accepted the Offer of Composition on 1 November
2004, but with a unilaterally imposed condition that “[its] payment of the
[C]omposition [S]um [would] not constitute any admission on [its] part as to
the new values of uplift provided by [Customs]”[note: 2].

16 Subsequently, in accordance with its standard practice, Customs informed
the Registrar of Komoco’s under-declaration of the OMVs of the 17,449 cars.
The Registrar then carried out her own checks and computations in respect of
the 17,449 cars by retrieving the records of the said vehicles, and discovered
that one of them had yet to be registered. As a result, the Registrar
subsequently found that there had been a shortfall in ARF payments only in
relation to the Cars.

17 On 8 December 2004, the Registrar wrote to Komoco in respect of the
underpayment and requested payment of $7,394,967, of which $7,028,559
constituted the shortfall in ARF payments and $366,408 constituted fees (at
$21 per vehicle) for amending the Registrar’s records with respect to the Cars
(“amendment fees”). Komoco replied on 10 December 2004 denying that it had
under-declared the OMVs of the Cars and stating that it had “consistently
objected”[note: 3] to Customs’ revaluation of the uplift percentages of the
Cars both “in principle and quantum”[note: 4]. Komoco asked for time to make
representations, and expressed its hope of scheduling a meeting with the
Registrar to present and discuss the same. The Registrar replied on 20
December 2004 maintaining her position on the ground that the additional ARF
payable on the Cars had been computed based on their revised Customs’ OMVs,
and gave Komoco until 29 December 2004 to pay the $7,349,967 demanded. As the
Registrar’s letter of 20 December 2004 (“the 20 December 2004 Letter”) was an
important item of evidence which the Judge relied on in holding that the
Registrar had abrogated to Customs her statutory power to determine the values
of the Cars, we set out below the relevant terms of that letter:

Nonetheless, … Customs has informed the [Registrar] of the revised OMVs of the
said cars [_ie_ , the Cars]. Since the ARF of a car is computed based on the
OMVs [_sic_] as assessed by … Customs, we have accordingly recomputed the ARF
of the said cars based on the revised OMVs provided by … Customs, and note
that there is a shortfall of $7,028,559. Subject to further advice from …
Customs, [the Registrar] will have to collect the $7,028,559 together with an
amendment fee of $366,408, i.e. total amount due to [the Registrar] is
$7,394,967.

18 On 24 January 2005, Komoco filed OS 86/2005 seeking leave to apply for
judicial review of the Registrar’s decision. Subsequently, the parties did not
proceed with OS 86/2005 as they reached an agreement in October 2005 that the
Registrar would give Komoco “a fair, reasonable and just hearing”[note: 5] to
consider Komoco’s representations on whether any additional ARF should be paid
in respect of the Cars, and, if so, the quantum to be paid. The Registrar also
undertook to “[consider] fairly any documentation submitted”[note: 6] by
Komoco. (For convenience, this agreement is hereinafter referred to as “the
Settlement Agreement”.) Pursuant to the Settlement Agreement, OS 86/2005 was
adjourned _sine die_ with each party having liberty to apply for the action to
be restored for hearing.

19 On 10 March 2006, a meeting was arranged between Komoco and the Registrar
(“the March 2006 Meeting”). At this meeting, Komoco and its consultants
presented their evidence and arguments to the Registrar, who, in turn, raised
a number of queries. The meeting lasted about two hours. The Registrar ended
the meeting by assuring Komoco that she would study its representations in
detail and would contact it _if further information or clarification were
required_.

20 On 18 May 2006, the Registrar met with Komoco again. At this meeting (“the
May 2006 Meeting”), the Registrar informed Komoco that she had considered the
representations made by the latter at the March 2006 Meeting and had decided
that the values of the Cars for the purposes of assessing the ARF payable
would be the revised Customs’ OMVs of those vehicles. She then handed to
Komoco a letter of the same date informing the latter that the additional ARF
payable was $7,028,559, with amendment fees of $366,408, making a total of
$7,394,967. Komoco responded that it had not under-declared the OMVs of the
Cars, and that “it was … the interpretation of its accounts by … Customs that
had resulted in the latter imposing a further uplift upon an uplift”[note: 7].
The Registrar reiterated the 1968 Policy Directive as to how a motor vehicle’s
value should be determined for the purposes of assessing the ARF due (_viz_ ,
based on the vehicle’s OMV), but indicated that the amendment fees of $366,408
could be negotiated. The meeting ended on that note.

21 Komoco, being dissatisfied with the Registrar’s decision, filed OS
1599/2006 on 17 August 2006 seeking leave to commence new judicial review
proceedings. Leave of court was granted on 19 September 2006, and the
substantive judicial review application (_ie_ , Summons No 4519 of 2006 (“SUM
4519/2006”)) was fixed for hearing on 9 November 2006. OS 86/2005 was also
restored for hearing on the same date. However, OS 86/2005 was not eventually
heard as the Judge decided that that dispute had been resolved by the
Settlement Agreement and had accordingly lapsed (see the GD at [16]). This
ruling was not challenged by either party, and, accordingly, the decision of
the Registrar that was sought to be impugned via SUM 4519/2006 was that made
on 18 May 2006 and not the prior decision of December 2004.

**Komoco’s arguments in the court below and the Judge’s decision**

22 Komoco’s arguments on the facts and the law in the court below, as set out
in the GD at [18], were as follows:

Komoco … contended that the decision made by the Registrar in determining the
OMVs of the [Cars] was illegal and/or irrational and/or unreasonable and/or
procedurally improper and/or an improper fetter on the proper exercise of the
said discretion. The grounds of this contention were as follows:

(a) By accepting, without question, Customs’ assessment of the value[s] of the
Cars for use in computation of the ARF, the Registrar had:

(i) failed to give effect to r 7(3) [of the Rules] which allowed her to
exercise her discretion independently of any assessment of the value[s] of the
Cars by Customs and/or had fettered her own discretion contrary to r 7(3); or

(ii) improperly abrogated her powers to Customs; or

(iii) failed to satisfy herself that the assessment of the value[s] of the
Cars by Customs was correct, _ie_ , whether there was any basis for the
allegation of under-declaration and the method which Customs adopted to
compute the alleged under-declaration; or

(iv) failed or failed to adequately carry out her own assessment and/or
exercise her discretion in respect of the objections raised by Komoco to
Customs’ allegations of under-declaration.

(b) By failing to allow Komoco a reasonable opportunity to be heard and/or to
be heard adequately on the objections raised by Komoco with the Registrar’s
representatives, the Registrar [had] failed in her duty to act fairly and
reasonably to Komoco in respect of the objections it had raised to Customs’
allegations of under-declaration.

(c) By breaching the terms of the [S]ettlement [A]greement, the Registrar
[had] failed in her duty to act fairly and reasonably with respect to Komoco’s
right to a fair, reasonable and just hearing to consider its position on
whether there should be any imposition of additional ARF, and, if so, the
quantum of the same.

(d) The Registrar [had] failed to take into account the objections raised
and/or [the] representations made by Komoco to Customs’ allegation of under-
declaration in making her assessment and/or in exercising her discretion in
determining whether there was any basis for the allegation of under-
declaration and the method of computation by Customs of the alleged under-
declaration. This was because:

(i) The Registrar [had] relied on Customs’ valuation of the OMV.

(ii) The Registrar [had] not consider[ed] two reports submitted by Komoco
[_ie_ , the DT Report and the EY Report] or the presentation by [EY at the
March 2006 Meeting] and there [was] no documentary evidence to show otherwise.

(iii) The Registrar [had] not [paid] regard to the items included in the
uplift computations in her valuation of the OMV.

(iv) The Registrar [had] furnished no reason for the rejection of the
representations made by Komoco.

23 The Judge found as a fact that the Registrar had slavishly used the revised
Customs’ OMVs of the Cars to compute the ARF payable and, for that reason,
accepted Komoco’s argument that the Registrar, in adhering rigidly to the
Administrative Convention, had thereby fettered her discretion under r 7(3) of
the Rules to determine the values of the Cars (see the GD at [52]). The Judge
also held that the Registrar had abrogated that discretion to Customs as the
20 December 2004 Letter (see [17] above) indicated that the Registrar had
vested “absolute trust” (see the GD at [66]) in Customs’ valuation of motor
vehicles’ OMVs and there was no evidence of any change in the Registrar’s
attitude _vis-à-vis_ Customs’ OMV figures after 20 December 2004.

24 On the law, the Judge applied her previous decision in _Lines International
Holding (S) Pte Ltd v Singapore Tourist Promotion Board_ [1997] 2 SLR 584 (“
_Lines_ ”) and subjected the Administrative Convention to the requirement that
it must be “not unreasonable in the special sense given to the term in
_Associated Provincial Picture Houses[, Limited] v Wednesbury Corporation_
[1948] 1 KB [223]” (see the quotation from _Lines_ (at [78]) set out at [21]
of the GD). The Judge held that the Administrative Convention was perfectly
valid as it was reasonable and well-publicised, and had been made known to the
parties affected, including Komoco (see the GD at [29] and [31]). However, the
Judge also emphasised that in applying the Administrative Convention, the
Registrar must not fetter her discretion “in the future” (see the quotation
from _Lines_ (at [78]) reproduced at [21] of the GD) and must be “prepared to
hear out individual cases or … [be] prepared to deal with _exceptional cases_
” [emphasis added] (_Lines_ at [78], quoted at [21] of the GD). This statement
of the law was accepted by both parties.

25 Applying the law to the facts, the Judge found on the evidence that
Komoco’s complaint that it had not been given an adequate hearing at the March
2006 Meeting was not substantiated (see the GD at [40]). However, she also
found that the Registrar _appeared_ not to have given genuine consideration to
Komoco’s representations as she had gone into the March 2006 Meeting and the
May 2006 Meeting (collectively referred to as “the March and May 2006
Meetings”) with a frame of mind predisposed to maintaining her existing policy
of adhering to the Administrative Convention (_id_ at [51]). Accordingly, the
Judge held that the Registrar had closed her mind to Komoco’s representations
and had thereby fettered her discretion under r 7(3) of the Rules, thus
rendering her decision of 18 May 2006 invalid (_id_ at [52]).

26 The considerations that led the Judge to make the above findings of fact
were as follows:

(a) Although the Registrar had deposed that after the March 2006 Meeting
(specifically, during the period from 16 March 2006 to 5 April 2006), she had
had several internal discussions with her senior officers during which she had
reviewed the points made and the materials submitted by Komoco and EY at that
meeting, she had not provided any documentary evidence to support her claim or
any details of the alleged discussions (see the GD at [42]–[44]). In the
absence of such materials and in view of the Registrar’s own evidence, the
inference to be drawn was that the Registrar had been “strongly influenced at
all times by the fact that her adoption of Customs’ OMV valuations was due to
various policy reasons” (_id_ at [46]). This inference was (in the Judge’s
view) supported by the minutes of the March and May 2006 Meetings, which
disclosed no reason for the Registrar’s rejection of Komoco’s arguments other
than the Registrar’s explanation that it was a “policy decision” (_ibid_ ,
quoting from para 2.7 of the minutes of the March 2006 Meeting) to treat the
OMV of a motor vehicle as its value for the purposes of computing the ARF
payable (see the GD at [46]–[48]).

(b) In her affidavit dated 23 October 2006 (“the Registrar’s Affidavit”), the
Registrar had given four reasons for rejecting Komoco’s representations,
namely (_id_ at [48]):

(i) the guidelines on how DOFs should be completed (“the Explanatory Guide”)
were clear as to which expenses ought to be declared in DOFs;

(ii) Customs had carried out its post-clearance audit of Komoco over a period
of two years, and had spent a long time as well as substantial resources on
the exercise;

(iii) Customs had extended the deadline for Komoco to accept the Offer of
Composition four times so as to enable the latter to make representations,
review Customs’ revised OMV figures and meet with Customs on the issue; and

(iv) Komoco had accepted the Offer of Composition and had not appealed against
Customs’ revised OMVs as it could have done under the Act.

Of these reasons, the last three were (in the Judge’s view) irrelevant as they
did not deal with whether Customs’ revised valuation of the Cars’ OMVs was
correct. Only the first reason was relevant, but it was not stated in the
minutes of the March and May 2006 Meetings and the Registrar did not assert
that at the May 2006 Meeting, this particular reason had been disclosed to
Komoco. As such, the Registrar’s explanation that the Explanatory Guide was
sufficiently clear “appear[ed] to be an afterthought” (_ibid_).

(c) The Registrar had not responded to Komoco’s argument that she had
completely misunderstood or ignored Komoco’s representations that the revised
uplift percentages imposed by Customs for the relevant periods were too high
(see the GD at [49]).

27 Consequently, the Judge held that the Registrar had unlawfully fettered the
discretion given to her under r 7(3) of the Rules by her “unwavering adherence
to the policy of adopting Customs’ valuation of the OMVs as [the] basis for
assessing the ARF payable by Komoco” (_id_ at [72]) on the Cars.

28 In relation to the question of whether the Registrar had abrogated the
above discretion to Customs, the Judge, as we mentioned earlier (at [23]
above), found that the 20 December 2004 Letter (see [17] above) showed that
the Registrar had “invested absolute trust … in Customs, to the extent that
even her review [as to whether Komoco did indeed have to pay the additional
ARF on the Cars] was conditional on further advice from Customs” (see the GD
at [66]). The Judge was of the view that this showed that the Registrar had
abrogated to Customs her discretion under r 7(3) of the Rules as early as 20
December 2004; the Judge went on to hold that since there was no evidence of
any change in the Registrar’s attitude thereafter, an abrogation of power had
similarly occurred when the Registrar made her decision of 18 May 2006
(_ibid_). Dissatisfied with the decision of the Judge, the Registrar filed the
present appeal.

**The legal status of the 1968 Policy Directive and the Administrative
Convention**

29 Before we consider the Registrar’s grounds of appeal, it will be helpful to
clarify the legal status of the 1968 Policy Directive and the Administrative
Convention (which the Judge held was fair and reasonable, provided it was not
rigidly adhered to in exceptional cases (see [24] above)). As we mentioned
above (at [5]), the 1968 Policy Directive introduced a new basis for assessing
a motor vehicle’s ARF, _viz_ , by computing the ARF of a vehicle based on its
OMV. The legality, propriety and reasonableness of the 1968 Policy Directive,
in terms of administrative law principles, have not been questioned and are
not in doubt. More than that, however, the 1968 Policy Directive enabled the
Registrar to exercise her power under r 7(3) of the Rules to determine the
value of a vehicle for the purposes of the ARF Scheme by reference to the
vehicle’s _Customs’_ OMV (see [6] above). Again, the legality, propriety and
reasonableness of the Administrative Convention have hitherto not been
questioned – at least not until Komoco’s application for judicial review in
SUM 4519/2006 was filed. In setting aside the Registrar’s decision of 18 May
2006, the Judge effectively held that Komoco’s case was an exceptional one
which warranted a departure from the Administrative Convention. However, the
issue of why Komoco’s situation should be considered exceptional was never
discussed or explored by the Judge or by counsel. The only exceptional fact in
this case was Komoco’s payment of the Composition Sum under protest, but we
did not think this could constitute an exceptional factor as, if such payment
were accepted as a basis for making an exception to the Administrative
Convention, it would destroy this convention.

30 In this connection, we should place in context the decision of the Judge in
_Lines_ ([24] _supra_), where she held that an administrative agency, in
exercising a statutory discretion conferred on it, could not take instructions
from another statutory agency. In that case, a challenge was made to the
legality of guidelines issued by the Port of Singapore Authority (“PSA”) to
regulate and monitor casino activities on board cruise vessels. The guidelines
included a provision (“condition (iv)”) in the following terms (_Lines_ at
[98]):

The [PSA] will refuse allocation of berth to a vessel if the Gambling
Suppression Branch, CID and [the] Singapore Tourist Promotion Board so …
determine that such action is necessary.

The Judge accepted (_id_ at [99]) that condition (iv) was invalid as it
appeared to direct PSA to take orders from either the Gambling Suppression
Branch of the Singapore Police Force’s Criminal Investigation Department or
the Singapore Tourist Promotion Board, and thus fettered the proper exercise
of PSA’s discretion to, _inter alia_ , control the use of berths at the
Singapore Cruise Centre. However, the Judge found, on the facts, that PSA had
made its own decision to deny a particular vessel a berth at the Singapore
Cruise Centre and had not simply relied on condition (iv) as a basis for
denying that vessel berthing space. In the circumstances, notwithstanding the
invalidity of condition (iv), PSA’s decision _vis-à-vis_ the vessel was valid
(_id_ at [100] and [118]).

31 The general principle that an administrative agency must not fetter its own
power or abrogate it to another administrative agency is unexceptional as a
violation of this principle would amount to a failure by the former to
exercise the power vested in it. However, it can be seen immediately that the
factual context that gave rise to the legal issues in _Lines_ was quite
different from that in the present case. Here, in deciding to adopt the
Customs’ OMV of a motor vehicle as its “value” for the purposes of the ARF
Scheme, the Registrar was not taking instructions from Customs. Instead, the
Registrar made this decision in the exercise of her power under r 7(3) of the
Rules and for practical reasons, including the following:

(a) Customs had more data, information and resources to determine the OMVs of
motor vehicles than the Registrar, and thus, Customs’ determination of motor
vehicles’ OMVs would be more reliable than the Registrar’s determination of
the same; and

(b) in any case, an aggrieved importer had the right to object to and be heard
on Customs’ determination of a vehicle’s OMV and also to appeal to the court
against such determination (see ss 22B(1) and 22B(5) of the Act).

Furthermore, in _Lines_ , in determining whether a vessel should be given
berthing space, PSA had to exercise its judgment as to how to weigh up the
various relevant factors to be considered. It was in this regard that PSA had
to exercise its discretion itself, and not merely take instructions from other
statutory agencies (_viz_ , the Criminal Investigation Department and the
Singapore Tourist Promotion Board). In contrast, in the present context, once
the Registrar decided, pursuant to r 7(3) of the Rules, to adopt the Customs’
OMV of a motor vehicle as its “value” for the purposes of the ARF Scheme, no
further exercise of judgment was required of the Registrar. The calculation of
the ARF payable thereafter simply entailed applying the percentage prescribed
in Pt II of the First Schedule to the Rules to the Customs’ OMV of the vehicle
concerned. This arithmetical exercise did not – and could not possibly –
involve the taking of instructions by the Registrar from another statutory
agency (_viz_ , Customs). For this reason, the legal principle laid down in
_Lines_ , although correct in law, was inapplicable to the factual context of
this appeal.

**The issues on appeal**

32 In our view, the critical issues in this appeal were:

(a) whether, in view of the Administrative Convention, the Registrar had to
give Komoco a hearing in relation to the valuation of the Cars (“issue (a)”);
and

(b) if Komoco was entitled to such a hearing, whether this right had been
satisfied by the meetings which took place and the correspondence exchanged
between the Registrar and Komoco (“issue (b)”).

Since the Registrar conceded that Komoco had a right to be heard on the
valuation of the Cars, issue (a) did not arise for this court’s determination.
We were concerned only with issue (b), in particular, the Judge’s finding that
the Registrar had not given genuine consideration to Komoco’s representations
(which amounted to a finding that the hearing afforded to Komoco had not been
a fair one), and that the Registrar had fettered her discretion under r 7(3)
of the Rules or had abrogated such discretion to Customs by adhering strictly
to the Administrative Convention. We now consider the parties’ arguments on
issue (b).

**_The Registrar’s arguments on appeal_**

33 The arguments of the Registrar on issue (b) may be summarised as follows:

(a) Although the Registrar had agreed, under the Settlement Agreement, to give
Komoco a “fair, reasonable and just hearing”[note: 8], that did not entitle
Komoco to a _de novo_ or an independent determination of the Cars’ values for
the purposes of computing the ARF payable. Komoco’s rights under the
Settlement Agreement were no different from its right to a fair hearing under
common law.

(b) On the evidence, the Registrar had given Komoco a just, fair and
reasonable hearing in that she had examined and discussed Komoco’s
representations with her officers after the March 2006 Meeting and had found
nothing new which had not been considered by Customs. Further, the Registrar
had stated on affidavit that she had given consideration to Komoco’s
representations, and, in the absence of any evidence to the contrary, her
sworn evidence ought to prevail (citing _Regina v Amber Valley District
Council, ex parte Jackson_ [1985] 1 WLR 298 (“ _Amber Valley_ ”) and _Re
Murphy_ [2004] NIQB 85).

(c) In considering Komoco’s representations, the Registrar was entitled to
have regard to the Administrative Convention and to even be predisposed to
adhere to that convention so long as: (i) her decision to do so was not
biased, and (ii) she was willing to consider making an exception to the
Administrative Convention where the circumstances warranted it. Such an
approach did not constitute a fetter on the Registrar’s discretion (citing
_The King v Port of London Authority_ _, ex parte Kynoch, Limited_ [1919] 1 KB
176 and _Creednz Inc v Governor-General_ [1981] 1 NZLR 172).

(d) The Judge was also wrong in holding that the 20 December 2004 Letter, in
which the Registrar stated that she would have to collect the additional ARF
due in respect of the Cars unless there was “further advice from … Customs”,
reflected an abrogation of her discretion to Customs, and that the Registrar
had likewise abrogated such discretion to Customs when she made her decision
of 18 May 2006 as she had not changed her attitude after 20 December 2004.
This statement in the 20 December 2004 Letter was not objectionable as it was
merely a reiteration of the Administrative Convention, and, in any case,
seeking advice was not an unlawful abrogation of discretion (citing _Lines_
([24] _supra_) and _H Lavender and Son Ltd v Minister of Housing and Local
Government_ [1970] 1 WLR 1231)_._ Moreover, by insisting that there must be a
change of attitude by the Registrar, the Judge had effectively held that the
Registrar must depart from the Administrative Convention.

**_Komoco’s arguments on appeal_**

34 Counsel for Komoco, on the other hand, contended that the Judge’s finding
that the Registrar had fettered the discretion conferred on her by r 7(3) of
the Rules and had not given genuine consideration to Komoco’s representations
was correct for the following reasons:

(a) The circumstances of Komoco’s case required the Registrar to reconsider
Komoco’s representations and independently determine the values of the Cars
instead of merely applying the Administrative Convention and taking the
revised Customs’ OMVs of the Cars to be their values in assessing the ARF
payable.

(b) The Registrar had given no regard to the following factors which (so
Komoco contended) justified a departure from the Administrative Convention:

(i) the consistent objections by Komoco to Customs’ revised OMV figures and
its payment of the Composition Sum under protest;

(ii) the DT Report and the EY Report, which showed that the uplift percentages
originally applied by Customs _vis-à-vis_ the Cars were already excessive and
that no further increase in these percentages was necessary; and

(iii) a detailed analysis of the computation of the agency uplift component of
the Cars’ OMVs which was produced before the Registrar but not before Customs,
and which indicated that there was new and additional information that the
Registrar ought to have considered – but failed to.

As such, the Judge correctly found that the evidence as a whole, including in
particular the minutes of the March and May 2006 Meetings, demonstrated that
the Registrar had not given genuine consideration to the contentions raised by
Komoco.

(c) The Registrar’s conduct clearly showed that she had no intention of
considering Komoco’s case afresh as:

(i) despite Komoco offering the Registrar access to all its accounting
documents, the latter did not bother to examine those records;

(ii) the Registrar did not seek the assistance of external auditors in
determining the values of the Cars even though the computation of motor
vehicles’ OMVs (and, thus, their values for the purposes of Pt II of the First
Schedule to the Rules) was a complex task and required significant accounting
input, as was clearly shown by the fact that Komoco had itself engaged two
separate auditors (namely, DT and EY) to assist it in ascertaining the
accuracy of Customs’ revised agency uplift figures; and

(iii) the Registrar did not give any other reasons apart from her adherence to
the Administrative Convention in arriving at her decision of 18 May 2006 to
impose the additional ARF on the Cars.

Komoco also argued that the Judge rightly held that the Registrar had
abrogated to Customs her discretionary power under r 7(3) of the Rules (see
further [56] below).

**Our decision**

**_Whether the Registrar gave genuine consideration to Komoco’s
representations_**

35 We found that there was ample evidence to show that the Registrar had given
genuine consideration to the representations of Komoco. As we noted earlier
(at [26] above; see also [48] of the GD), the Registrar’s Affidavit set out
the following reasons for rejecting Komoco’s representations:

(a)  the Explanatory Guide was clear as to which expenses ought to be declared
in DOFs;

(b) Customs had carried out its post-clearance audit on Komoco over a two-year
period, and had thus spent a long time and substantial resources on this
exercise;

(c) Customs had extended the deadline for Komoco to accept the Offer of
Composition four times so as to enable the latter to make further
representations, review Customs’ OMV computations and meet with Customs on the
issue; and

(d) Komoco had accepted the Offer of Composition and had not appealed against
the revised Customs’ OMVs of the Cars as it could have done under the Act.

36  As we also mentioned earlier (at [26] above), the Judge took the view that
the reasons listed in (b)–(d) of the above paragraph did not deal with the key
issue, which was whether the revised Customs’ OMVs of the Cars were correct.
She therefore held that these three reasons were “irrelevant” (see the GD at
[48]) and did not “[meet] Komoco’s contentions directly” (_ibid_). With
respect, we disagreed with this conclusion. In our view, the Registrar’s
findings that were implicit in the reasons set out in the preceding paragraph
were as follows:

(a) since Customs had taken two years to revise the OMVs of the Cars, the
Registrar was entitled to take the view that the revised OMV figures were
_prima facie_ correct, unless shown to be incorrect;

(b) Komoco could have appealed against the revised Customs’ OMVs of the Cars,
but chose not to do so – this supported the inference that Customs’ valuation
was correct;

(c) Komoco had accepted the Offer of Composition (albeit under protest) after
making representations to Customs – again, this showed that Customs’ revised
OMV figures were _prima facie_ correct; and

(d)  since the Explanatory Guide was clear as to which expenses ought to be
declared in DOFs, there was no merit in Komoco’s contention that the
Explanatory Guide was unclear.

37 We should add that the Registrar had explained that in determining whether
there was anything wrong with the revised Customs’ OMVs of the Cars, she had
considered whether Komoco’s new materials and/or arguments were sufficient to
justify a departure from the Administrative Convention, which had been in
place for about 40 years. She had deposed that she had undoubtedly been
concerned with whether Customs’ revised OMV figures were correct and, at the
same time, had been equally concerned to find out whether there were
sufficient reasons for her to decide not to follow the Administrative
Convention. Unfortunately, the Judge did not believe the Registrar because the
Judge was of the view that everything which the latter had said in the
Registrar’s Affidavit on how she had concluded that the revised Customs’ OMVs
of the Cars were correct converged on one factor only, _ie_ , her policy of
adhering to the Administrative Convention, which in turn explained why she had
agreed with Customs’ revised OMV figures for the Cars.

38 Having considered the Registrar’s Affidavit, we were of the view that the
Judge was wrong not to believe that the Registrar had genuinely considered
Komoco’s representations for two reasons. First, the Registrar had given sworn
evidence as to the matters which she had considered in deciding to reject
Komoco’s representations; if Komoco did not accept her sworn evidence, it
should have applied to cross-examine her. In the absence of cross-examination,
the only justification for not believing a sworn statement, especially one
from a state official performing an administrative function, is if documentary
or other oral evidence is adduced to disprove it. As there was no such proof
to the contrary in the present case, there was no basis in law to reject the
Registrar’s evidence on oath as to the actions which she took after the March
2006 Meeting and the factors which she considered in arriving at her decision
of 18 May 2006 (see _Amber Valley_ ([33] _supra_) and _Re Murphy_ (_ibid_)).
Second, in view of the reasons given by the Registrar for rejecting Komoco’s
representations and the materials which she considered in the course of coming
to this conclusion, we found that there was simply no merit in the contention
by Komoco that the Registrar had not given genuine consideration to its
representations. This can be seen from our analysis as set out in the
following paragraphs.

39  The main thrust of Komoco’s representations before the Registrar was that
the revised Customs’ OMVs of the Cars were incorrect. In essence, Komoco
objected to the ambiguous nature of the Explanatory Guide, which, it
contended, was the root cause of the inflated uplift percentages by Customs.
The Registrar’s reasons for rejecting these complaints can be categorised into
two main areas: first, the clarity of the Explanatory Guide; and, second,
Komoco’s conduct before Customs.

_The clarity of the Explanatory Guide_

40 As we stated earlier (see [26] and [35] above), one of the reasons which
the Registrar gave for rejecting Komoco’s representations was that the
Explanatory Guide clearly stated which expenses should be included in DOFs.
The Judge dismissed this reason as “an afterthought” (see the GD at [48]) on
the ground that it did not appear to have been disclosed to Komoco at either
the March 2006 Meeting or the May 2006 Meeting. However, it seemed to us that
the clarity of the Explanatory Guide was a key issue which was specifically
discussed at the March 2006 Meeting. For instance, in the Registrar’s
Affidavit, the Registrar stated that at the March 2006 Meeting, EY (the tax
experts engaged by Komoco) had referred to the Explanatory Guide and had
emphasised that:[note: 9]

… Customs’ definition of the four categories of expenses required to be
included in the Declaration of Facts (‘DOF’) submission was not clear and
examples were cited and discussed as evidence of ambiguity of definition …

The Registrar had posed a few questions to Komoco and EY during the latter’s
presentation. Specifically, Komoco had been requested to elaborate further on
some examples of expenses which Customs had viewed as having been unreasonably
excluded from the DOFs submitted by Komoco, which view Komoco disagreed with.
Similarly, the representative of Komoco who attended the March 2006 Meeting,
one Mr Teo Hock Seng, who was the managing director of Komoco, averred as
follows in his affidavit dated 1 November 2006 (in response to the Registrar’s
assertion that Komoco had wrongly stated that the Registrar had acknowledged
the alleged ambiguity of the Explanatory Guide at that meeting):[note: 10]

[Komoco] only sought to assert that [the Registrar] understood [EY’s]
representatives’ explanation on the various ambiguities in relation to the
determination of expenditure and not that [the Registrar] had accepted the
same.

There was therefore no doubt in our minds that even though the Registrar’s
view that the Explanatory Guide was sufficiently clear might not have been put
across specifically to Komoco at either the March 2006 Meeting or the May 2006
Meeting, the _issue_ of the ambiguity of these guidelines _had_ been fully
addressed by both parties during the March 2006 Meeting.

41  Further, the Registrar gave details of several internal discussions which
she had held with her senior officers after the March 2006 Meeting. She stated
that after she and her staff had reviewed a copy of the DOF issued by Customs
as well as the Explanatory Guide, she had reached the following
conclusions:[note: 11]

It is clear to me that [Komoco’s] allegations that the guidelines in the …
Explanatory Guide are unclear are unfounded. For example, in their
presentation at the [March 2006 Meeting], one of the disputed components for
[Komoco’s] advertising and promotion expenses [was] the sponsorship of sports
or charity events. On a plain reading of paragraph (b) of the … Explanatory
Guide it is clear that ‘ _all expenditure incurred directly or indirectly in
the promotion/advertising of the dutiable motor vehicles/motorcycles,
excluding commercial vehicles, [has] to be included. Expenditure is considered
promotional in nature if the name, logo or trademark of the [motor
vehicle]/motorcycle is used._ ’ … It is clear to me that despite the clear
wording in the … Explanatory Guide, [Komoco] did not accurately declare its
expenditure in relation to such events. [emphasis in original]

42  We found it significant that Komoco did not challenge this portion of the
Registrar’s Affidavit. To the extent that the Judge found that “there was no
indication in [the Registrar’s Affidavit] that during the internal meetings
time had been spent considering the clarity and relevance of the statements in
the [E]xplanatory [G]uide” (see the GD at [48]) and then went on to conclude
that this reason for rejecting Komoco’s representations (_viz_ , the clarity
of the Explanatory Guide) therefore “appear[ed] to be an afterthought”
(_ibid_), we were of the view that the Judge was, with respect, mistaken. In
the circumstances, we did not consider this reason to be an afterthought on
the Registrar’s part; in fact, we found quite the opposite, since the
Registrar had clearly given evidence to the contrary which was unchallenged by
Komoco.

_Komoco’s conduct before Customs_

43 We earlier noted (at [26] and [35] above) that the Registrar had
additionally found the following facts to be material considerations in her
decision:

(a) Customs had spent a long time and substantial resources on the post-
clearance audit of Komoco’s records;

(b) Customs had not summarily dismissed Komoco’s representations, but had
instead extended the time frame for Komoco to accept the Offer of Composition
four times so as to enable the latter to make _further_ representations,
review Customs’ OMV computations and engage in meetings with Customs – this
was done with the aim of giving Komoco the full opportunity to persuade
Customs to reconsider its decision to revise the Cars’ OMVs; and

(c) after all the opportunities given to Komoco, when Komoco failed to
persuade Customs to change its decision, Komoco chose not to appeal against
Customs’ decision to the High Court as it could have done under the Act.

In our view, these factors were relevant to the Registrar’s assessment as to
whether or not she should depart from the revised Customs’ OMVs of the Cars in
computing the ARF payable. Komoco had already canvassed its case fully before
Customs, and its failure to bring its case to a court of law must mean either
that it was not confident of success or that there was nothing new that Komoco
had not already presented to Customs. The reasons given by the Registrar
therefore related to why she was not prepared to doubt Customs’ revised OMV
assessment. There was nothing illogical in the Registrar’s reasoning that
since, after extensive discussion and investigation, Customs had nevertheless
maintained its position, Komoco had to make out a very strong and convincing
case (for example, by adducing new information that was not before Customs)
before a departure from the Administrative Convention could be justified.
Indeed, given the fact that Customs’ established mechanism for conducting
investigations into the accuracy of information provided in DOFs was one
reason why the Administrative Convention was reasonable and valid (see [31]
above), there was nothing wrong with the Registrar’s decision not to disregard
that convention.

44 In this respect, we should stress the significance of both Komoco’s
decision not to challenge Customs’ revised OMV figures by appealing to the
High Court and Komoco’s acceptance of the Offer of Composition. The evidence
showed that Komoco had tried its utmost to persuade Customs to accept its
(Komoco’s) conditions for accepting the Offer of Composition. In its letter
dated 22 September 2004, Komoco stated that it was prepared to make full
payment of the Composition Sum, but on, _inter alia_ , the following terms
(see also [14] above):

a.  There [would be] no admission of any wrongdoing;

b. The acceptance of the … Offer of Composition [was] not to be construed as
any admission either to [Customs] or [to] any other party whatsoever;

c. _There [would be] no revision in [Customs’] Uplift percentages for the
years 1999 to 2003_ ;

d. There [would be] no attribution of the sums paid to any number of cars …

[emphasis added]

Customs replied on 29 September 2004 rejecting settlement on such conditions.
On 11 October 2004, Komoco made another attempt to persuade Customs to accept
its terms and proposed to pay the Composition Sum in full, “ _save that the
uplift component … of that sum be reduced_ , _with a corresponding increase in
the composition fine_ ” [emphasis added]. This was, clearly, an attempt by
Komoco to reduce the revised OMVs of the Cars, and, thus, its liability for
additional ARF payments which it knew would be forthcoming by reason of
Customs’ practice of informing the Registrar whenever the OMV of a motor
vehicle was revised, coupled with the consequential action which the Registrar
would take thereafter (see [9] above).

45 Counsel for Komoco pointed out, correctly, that the acceptance by an
alleged offender of an offer of composition did not amount to an admission of
guilt (see _Re Lim Chor Pee_ [1990] SLR 809). Certainly, neither the Registrar
nor the court could hold that Komoco had, either in law or in fact, admitted
that the revised Customs’ OMVs of the Cars were correct. Still, Komoco’s
acceptance of the Offer of Composition could not be ignored as if it had no
evidentiary value at all to the Registrar in her determination of the Cars’
values for the purposes of recomputing the ARF payable following Customs’
revision of the Cars’ OMVs. In our view, the Registrar was entitled to treat
Komoco’s acceptance of the Offer of Composition as _prima facie_ evidence that
Customs’ revised OMV figures were correct, unless Komoco produced evidence to
show why these figures were wrong. This approach would preserve the integrity
of the Administrative Convention. Just as the importer of a motor vehicle is
entitled to rely on the Customs’ OMV of the vehicle as the basis upon which
the Registrar will compute the ARF payable on that vehicle, the same must also
be true _vis-à-vis_ the Registrar – the Registrar is likewise entitled to
regard the Customs’ OMV of a vehicle as its “value” for the purposes of Pt II
of the First Schedule to the Rules. In our view, it was reasonable for the
Registrar to assess the cogency and weight of Komoco’s representations within
this decisional framework.

46  In summary, we were unable to agree with the Judge’s finding that the
reasons given in the Registrar’s Affidavit for rejecting Komoco’s
representations were either irrelevant or afterthoughts. Crucially, the issue
before the Registrar was not only whether the revised Customs’ OMVs of the
Cars were, from her perspective, correct; the Registrar was also concerned
with whether she should depart from the Administrative Convention, having
regard to the conduct of Komoco before Customs and the evidence that had been
presented to her as the basis for impugning the revised Customs’ OMVs of the
Cars. It was in this context that the reasons given by the Registrar for
rejecting Komoco’s representations were relevant. Additionally, the Registrar
had applied her mind during the March 2006 Meeting (at the very least) and in
her subsequent internal meetings with her staff to Komoco’s complaint about
the ambiguity of the Explanatory Guide.

_The EY Report and the DT Report_

47  We must also draw attention to the EY Report and the DT Report since
Komoco complained that the main thrust of that part of its representations
which was based on these reports had been completely misunderstood or ignored
by the Registrar. Komoco said that these reports conclusively showed that the
revised uplift percentages applied by Customs were unreasonably high. It
argued that if the Registrar had given proper consideration to the affidavit
of Adrian Ball (a partner of EY) dated 5 April 2005 which exhibited the EY
Report, it would have been clear that Customs’ uplift percentages were
unreasonable. In relation to this argument, the Judge found (at [49] of the
GD) that:

The Registrar did not respond to [Komoco’s] argument. Whilst she claimed that
she had considered Adrian Ball’s affidavit, she made no comment on its
contents as might have been expected.

In essence, the Judge drew an adverse inference against the Registrar –
namely, that she had not given proper consideration to the EY Report – because
the latter had failed to comment on the contents of that report.

48 The EY Report had been prepared in order to lend support to Komoco’s
contention that the Explanatory Guide was ambiguous and that Komoco had not
under-declared the OMVs of the Cars. We were of the view that there was
nothing in this report which would justify the Registrar departing from the
Administrative Convention and disregarding Customs’ revised OMV valuation of
the Cars for the following reasons.

49 Firstly, the EY Report was inherently speculative. At paras 1.3–1.6 of the
EY Report under the heading “Introduction”, the authors made several
observations which qualified their analysis to a large extent:

1.3 The available documents and records for review were obtained from the
accounting records and employees of Komoco. We are informed that the same
information and records were available for scrutiny by Komoco’s external
auditors as well as … Customs. _We did not obtain written representations
confirming the accuracy of such data from Komoco._

1.4 _It is stressed that the analysis is limited to our understanding of
Komoco’s operations_ _as contained in this report, the documents reviewed as
indicated in Appendix 1 and from discussions with employees of Komoco_. …

1.5 It should be noted that EY was involved in discussions with … Customs in
2004 over the computation of the Komoco ‘uplift’ and the subsequent
composition of assessed duties. The recalculations [of, _inter alia_ , the
agency uplift figures for the Cars] in this Report are, to an extent,
influenced by knowledge and information gained during these discussions with …
Customs.

1.6 _The observation is also made that the methodology of … Customs in
arriving at their ‘uplift’ is not available to us and we do not comment [on]
or draw [any] conclusion as to the relationship, or lack thereof, between the
recalculation [by EY as set out in the EY Report] and the uplift applied by …
Customs._

[emphasis added]

It was quite clear that the EY Report could not be treated as conclusive one
way or the other _vis-à-vis_ the accuracy of the revised Customs’ OMVs of the
Cars. This was because, as indicated in paras 1.3–1.6 of this report, the
information with which EY had prepared the report was incomplete. Another
indication of missing data can be seen in the footnote to Appendix 5a of the
EY Report, which set out the “[c]omputation of Included Expenses to Total
Import Purchases” for the period from 1 December 1997 to 31 March 1999. This
footnote read as follows: “Certain data for the period from 1 December 1997 to
31 December is estimated due to _missing records_ ” [emphasis added].

50 Secondly, the EY Report did not purport to comment or draw any conclusions
on the relationship between the recalculations by EY (of, _inter alia_ , the
Cars’ uplift percentages) and the calculations carried out by Customs in
reviewing the Cars’ OMVs. This was because the EY Report was based on EY’s own
assumptions as to how the Explanatory Guide should be interpreted. Moreover,
it appeared to us that much of EY’s analysis regarding the various items which
could possibly be included in or excluded from DOFs was carried out based on
information which EY had obtained from Komoco itself, a point which EY
acknowledged in para 1.3 of the EY Report (reproduced at [49] above). In the
premises, the mere fact that EY came to a view which was different from that
of Customs did not entail that Customs was therefore manifestly wrong. At a
broader level, in assessing whether there were exceptional circumstances that
required her to depart from the Administrative Convention and carry out an
independent calculation of the values of the Cars for the purposes of
determining the ARF payable, the Registrar was entitled to take into
consideration the fact that EY had possessed imperfect information when it
prepared the EY Report. In such circumstances, it was perfectly understandable
and reasonable for the Registrar not to have placed much stock on the EY
Report despite Komoco’s contentions to the contrary effect. We were therefore
unable to agree with the adverse inference which the Judge drew against the
Registrar on the ground that the latter had failed to make any comment on the
contents of the EY Report when one might have expected her to do so.

51 In relation to the DT Report, it was clear from a perusal of that report
that, in preparing the report, DT had merely obtained profit and loss
statements prepared by Komoco and then checked the arithmetical computations
therein. The DT Report was therefore simply the end result of the
_arithmetical exercise_ of adding up the numbers provided by Komoco. It
certainly did not constitute an independent valuation, audit or review,
contrary to Komoco’s use of the term “audit”[note: 12] in relation to the DT
Report in its submissions before this court. Crucially, in the penultimate
paragraph of the DT Report, the authors stated as follows:

Because _the above procedures_ [_ie_ , the procedures carried out by DT in
preparing the DT Report] _do not constitute either an audit or a review_ made
in accordance with [the] Singapore Standards on Auditing, we do not express
any assurance on the schedule of [p]rofit and loss statement[s] [i]n Appendix
1. [emphasis added]

52 In summary, there was therefore nothing in either the EY Report or the DT
Report which justified a departure from the Administrative Convention; nor was
it necessary for the Registrar to comment on the contents of these reports if
she deemed it unnecessary to do so. In contrast, there was clear and
unchallenged evidence that the Registrar had genuinely considered Komoco’s
representations.

53 For the reasons set out at [35]–[52] above, we were of the view that the
Judge was wrong to find that the Registrar had not given genuine consideration
to Komoco’s representations simply because she was not prepared to depart from
the Administrative Convention. In our view, in deciding to adhere to that
convention _vis-à-vis_ Komoco, the Registrar had not fettered the discretion
conferred on her under r 7(3) of the Rules as Komoco had not presented to her
any evidence that was new or that had not already been provided to and
rejected by Customs.

**_Whether the Registrar abrogated her discretion to Customs_**

54 The Judge found (at [64] of the GD) that as at 8 December 2004 (the date on
which the Registrar first sought payment of the additional ARF due on the Cars
(see [17] above)), the Registrar had merely accepted the revised Customs’ OMVs
of the Cars without question, but this nevertheless did not amount to an
abrogation of the Registrar’s discretion as she was “simply following her
usual course of implementing the policy [_ie_ , the Administrative Convention]
that had been adopted since 1968” (see the GD at [64]). The Judge, however,
was of the view that when the Registrar wrote to Komoco on 20 December 2004
informing it (via the 20 December 2004 Letter) that, “ _subject to further
advice from Customs_ ” [emphasis added] (_id_ at [65]), she would have to
collect the additional sum payable (which amounted to $7,394,967 in total (see
[17] above)), she had abrogated to Customs her discretionary power under r
7(3) of the Rules to determine the values of the Cars because that letter
indicated that (see the GD at [66]):

[T]he Registrar invested absolute trust in the arrangement [relating to the
assessment and review of motor vehicles’ OMVs] in Customs, to the extent that
even her review [of the ARF payable] was conditional on further advice from
Customs. Although it was argued that the Registrar was prepared to disagree
with Customs’ valuations if there were exceptional or compelling reasons to do
so, in this case, when the occasion arose, the Registrar was not even prepared
to find out whether such exceptional or compelling reasons existed by giving
time to Komoco to make representations but instead indicated that she was only
prepared to change her stance upon “further advice from the Singapore
Customs”. As at 20 December 2004, therefore, and in relation to Komoco’s case,
the Registrar had abrogated her decision. _There was no evidence of any change
in the Registrar’s attitude thereafter_. [emphasis added]

_The Registrar’s arguments refuting the Judge’s finding of abrogation of
discretion_

55 We earlier alluded briefly (at [33] above) to the Registrar’s arguments on
why the Judge was wrong to find that she had abrogated to Customs the
discretion conferred on her by r 7(3) of the Rules. To elaborate, the
Registrar’s submissions were as follows:

(a) The 20 December 2004 Letter predated the Settlement Agreement (which
clearly expressed the Registrar’s commitment to reconsider the question of
whether any additional ARF was payable on the Cars, and, if so, the quantum to
be paid).

(b) Seeking advice did not constitute an abrogation of discretion.

(c) The 20 December 2004 Letter reiterated the Administrative Convention. To
that extent, the Judge’s finding that “[w]hilst the Registrar might
countercheck with Customs if there was some inconsistency or irregularity in
the revised OMVs, this was not an exercise of discretion because … the
Registrar would simply accept Customs’ confirmation of the correctness of the
figures” (see the GD at [60]) contradicted her earlier holding (_id_ at [26])
that the Registrar’s policy of tapping on Customs’ expertise to determine the
value of a motor vehicle (_ie_ , the Registrar’s reliance on the
Administrative Convention) was not an abrogation of discretion.

(d) By relying on the 20 December 2004 Letter to find that the Registrar had
abrogated her discretion to Customs, the Judge effectively held that the
Registrar ought to have departed from the Administrative Convention and, thus,
from the revised Customs’ OMVs of the Cars once Komoco raised objections to
those values. It was beyond the power of the Judge to make this finding, which
implied that Komoco’s case was an exceptional one, as it intruded into the
merits of the Registrar’s decision (which the Judge had no power to review).

_Komoco’s arguments in support of the Judge’s finding of abrogation of
discretion_

56 Counsel for Komoco, on the other hand, contended that the Judge’s finding
that the Registrar had abrogated to Customs her discretionary power under r
7(3) of the Rules was correct for the following reasons:

(a) The Registrar had not exercised any discretion in computing the additional
ARF allegedly due on the Cars as she had relied on the revised Customs’ OMVs
of these vehicles and had then merely engaged in the purely mathematical
exercise of taking a fixed percentage (as stipulated in Pt II of the First
Schedule to the Rules) of the revised Customs’ OMV of each of the Cars as the
ARF which should have been paid on the vehicle concerned.

(b) The Registrar’s mechanism for counterchecking Customs’ OMV figures did not
in any way indicate that an objective analysis of these figures was carried
out.

(c) The correspondence which predated the Settlement Agreement was indicative
of the Registrar’s frame of mind. The Registrar’s rigid adherence to the
Administrative Convention was evident from this correspondence, and there was
no evidence to suggest that the Registrar changed her stance at any time
thereafter.

_Our analysis of the parties’ arguments on abrogation of discretion_

57 In our view, on the basis of our finding (at [53] above) that the Registrar
had given genuine consideration to Komoco’s representations, the ground of
appeal based on the Judge’s finding of abrogation of discretion must succeed,
whatever the words “ _[s]ubject to further advice from … Customs_ ” [emphasis
added] in the 20 December 2004 Letter might have meant. This was because since
the Registrar had genuinely considered Komoco’s representations, she could not
possibly have rejected these representations merely out of deference to
Customs. Instead, exercising her discretion under r 7(3) of the Rules (which
was the _antithesis_ of abrogating such discretion to Customs), she found that
there was no merit in Komoco’s representations in view of the materials from
both Komoco and Customs which were placed before her. In this connection, we
did not see any substantial difference between fettering an administrative
discretion and abrogating such discretion on the facts of this case _._

58 Although (as stated in the preceding paragraph) the interpretation of the
words “ _[s]ubject to further advice from … Customs_ ” [emphasis added] in the
20 December 2004 Letter was immaterial to our conclusion on the issue of
abrogation of discretion, in the interest of completeness, we will at this
juncture address the parties’ arguments on the meaning of these words. In our
view, the Registrar’s argument that she intended these words to mean that she
was, at that point in time, seeking further advice from Customs had little
merit since she did not explain what kind of advice she sought to obtain from
Customs. The words “subject to” contained at least the suggestion that the
Registrar could only decide whether to reconsider the additional ARF imposed
on the Cars _if_ she received Customs’ further advice. A reasonable
interpretation of these words (which was also the interpretation canvassed by
Komoco), having regard to the factual context in which they were written,
would be that the Registrar was waiting for further advice from Customs as to
whether there was any basis on which she could depart from Customs’
calculation of the revised OMVs of the Cars and thus alter her decision to
impose the additional ARF on these vehicles. On balance, it was our view that
Komoco’s understanding of these words was a better reflection of the reality
than the Registrar’s explanation or argument.

59 Nevertheless, in our view, the Registrar did not abrogate her discretion
under r 7(3) of the Rules in adopting the above stance (_ie_ , that she could
not alter her decision to impose the additional ARF on the Cars unless Customs
advised her that she could do so) for the following reasons. The Registrar had
followed the Administrative Convention in imposing the additional ARF on the
Cars based on their revised Customs’ OMVs. If any decision of the Registrar
had amounted to an abrogation of power, her decision to adhere to the
Administrative Convention and thereby adopt Customs’ revised OMV figures as
the “value[s]” of motor vehicles for the purposes of Pt II of the First
Schedule to the Rules would have been the one. If this conclusion is correct,
two consequences ensue as a corollary. First, it would mean – incongruously –
that the Registrar had abrogated to Customs her discretion for some 40 years
(since the 1968 Policy Directive was implemented) without challenge from the
motor vehicle industry. Second, the Registrar’s conduct in seeking advice from
Customs on the OMVs of the Cars in the present case (which was really what
Komoco said the Registrar had done) would then make no difference to the
impropriety (_ie_ , abrogation to Customs of the discretion under r 7(3) of
the Rules) that has persisted to this day, in that the act of seeking such
advice would not give rise to an impropriety that had not hitherto existed. On
the other hand, if the above conclusion is not correct, then the Registrar’s
act of seeking advice from Customs (as evinced by the contents of the 20
December 2004 Letter) could not constitute a new instance of abrogation of the
Registrar’s discretion to Customs.

60 Of the two possible conclusions set out in [59] above, we were of the view
that the latter conclusion – _viz_ , that the adherence by the Registrar to
the Administrative Convention did not amount to an abrogation to Customs of
the discretion conferred on her by r 7(3) of the Rules – was the more
defensible one (in terms of legal plausibility), given the terminology used in
r 7(3) of the Rules. It bears recalling that r 7(3) of the Rules states that:

[T]he value of a motor vehicle shall be determined by the Registrar after
making such enquiries, _if any_ , as he thinks fit and the decision of the
Registrar shall be final. [emphasis added]

The power of the Registrar under r 7(3) of the Rules is so wide that she can:
(a) determine that the OMV of a motor vehicle is its “value” for the purposes
of Pt II of the First Schedule to the Rules; and (b) determine, further, that
the appropriate OMV in this regard is the _Customs’_ OMV of the vehicle
concerned (both of which practices have been adopted by the Registrar since
the 1968 Policy Directive was introduced). Furthermore, the use of the words “
_if any_ ” [emphasis added] in r 7(3) entails that the Registrar, in valuing a
motor vehicle, need not make any inquiries at all if she has a reliable means
of determining that vehicle’s value. In the present case, the Registrar did
have a reliable means in the form of Customs’ determination of a motor
vehicle’s OMV, given that (see the GD at [28]):

Customs had a comprehensive documentary system to compute the OMVs of imported
motor vehicles and an empowering investigative section under the … Act to
conduct checks and audits on the motor vehicle dealers to ensure [that] the
information and documents submitted for the purposes of OMVs were correct and
accurate.

In our view, the legal position is that the words of r 7(3) of the Rules
permit the Registrar to exercise her discretion to determine the value of a
motor vehicle in every case by relying on the Customs’ OMV of that vehicle,
whether or not the importer or trader concerned agrees to it, subject only to
the court deciding that Customs’ calculation of the vehicle’s OMV is wrong. In
other words, the Administrative Convention is not only administratively
efficient and procedurally fair (see [7] above), but also legally valid.

**Observations on rule 7(3) of the Rules**

61 As noted earlier (at [32] above), the question of whether a motor vehicle
importer or trader (referred to in this section as a “motor vehicle dealer”)
has a right to be heard by the Registrar with regard to the valuation of a
motor vehicle – which is, in essence, the crux of issue (a) – did not arise
for this court’s determination as the Registrar conceded that Komoco had a
right to be heard. However, in the interest of providing future guidance for
the Registrar and the motor vehicle industry as a whole, we take this
opportunity to address this issue.

62 For ease of reference, we will reproduce r 7(3) of the Rules again, which
is as follows:

[T]he value of a motor vehicle shall be determined by the Registrar after
making such enquiries, _if any_ , as he thinks fit and the decision of the
Registrar shall be final. [emphasis added]

This formulation of the power of the Registrar does not require her to give
any hearing at all to a motor vehicle dealer when determining the value of a
motor vehicle so long as her determination is not arbitrary or discriminatory
(and, in our view, the Registrar’s decision in the present case to adhere to
the Administrative Convention when determining the values of the Cars was not
in any way arbitrary or discriminatory). This interpretation of r 7(3) is
supported by the Privy Council decision of _Patterson v District Commissioner
of Accra_ [1948] AC 341. In that case, the relevant statutory provision, _viz_
, s 9 of the Peace Preservation Ordinance (Laws of the Gold Coast, 1936
Revision, c 40), provided that:

Where additional constabulary or police have been sent up to or stationed in a
proclaimed district the Governor in Council may order that the inhabitants of
such proclaimed district be charged with the cost of such additional
constabulary or police.

A District Commissioner within whose district any portion [is] … a proclaimed
district … shall, _after inquiry, if necessary_ , assess the proportion in
which such cost is to be paid by the said inhabitants according to his
judgment of their respective means.

All moneys payable under this section may be levied under the law for the time
being in force for the levying of moneys ordered by a Court to be paid.

[emphasis added]

The Privy Council, on appeal from the West African Court of Appeal, held that
the wording of that provision did not contemplate that the District
Commissioner was bound to hold “anything in the nature of a judicial inquiry”
(at 349), and, therefore, the omission to give the appellant, an inhabitant of
a “proclaimed district” against whom an order for the payment of the cost of
additional police had been made, an opportunity to be heard in relation to the
quantum of such cost did not infringe the common law principle that no person
should be deprived of his property without his being heard.

63 In our view, the legislative framework governing the ARF Scheme is
structured such that the right of a motor vehicle dealer to be heard on the
value of a motor vehicle, _vis-à-vis_ the calculation of the ARF payable, is
satisfied by the right of hearing provided to him under ss 22B(1) and 22B(5)
of the Act when the OMV of the vehicle is being determined by Customs (_vis-à-
vis_ the imposition of, _inter alia_ , excise duty).

64 In the present case, Komoco – significantly – elected to forego the right
of appeal to the High Court afforded by s 22B(5) of the Act.

65 Komoco also elected to forego another right to be heard, this time by a
court of law, when it chose to accept the Offer of Composition instead of
defending a prosecution for the offence under s 128 of the Act of under-
declaring a motor vehicle’s OMV. In such criminal proceedings, Komoco could
have either: (a) pleaded not guilty, or (b) pleaded guilty whilst denying the
extent of the under-valuation of the Cars alleged by Customs. If Komoco had
taken the former option, Customs would have had to prove beyond reasonable
doubt, in accordance with the standard of proof applicable to criminal cases,
both the fact of under-declaration as well as the extent of the under-
declaration. If Komoco had taken the latter option, Customs would not have had
to prove the fact of under-declaration, but would still have had to prove the
extent of the under-declaration alleged. The point which bears emphasis is
that whichever option Komoco chose, Customs would have had to prove beyond
reasonable doubt the extent of the under-valuation of the Cars, which would in
turn impact on the Customs’ OMVs of the Cars and, thus, the ARF payable.

66 In this regard, we found it significant that Komoco gave no reason for
accepting the Offer of Composition. The offence compounded was that under s
128(1)(_a_) of the Act (although the offence originally charged was that under
s 128(1)(_d_)). Both offences are punishable with a fine not exceeding $10,000
or the exact amount of duty payable (whichever is the greater), or with
imprisonment for a term not exceeding 12 months, or with both. As Komoco is a
corporate entity, the punishment of imprisonment was irrelevant, and it was
only the fine – specifically, a fine equivalent to the exact amount of duty
payable since this amount was greater than $10,000 in the present case – which
it was concerned with. If Komoco had claimed trial and had been found guilty
of the offence under s 128(1)(_d_) of the Act (which was the offence
originally charged), it would have ended up having to pay both the full amount
of the excise duty (_ie_ , $1,412,077.89) and the GST (amounting to
$43,829.58) properly due on the Cars, as well as a fine equivalent in quantum
to the exact amount of excise duty and GST payable (_ie_ , $1,412,077.89 plus
$43,829.58). In comparison, as Komoco knew or should have known, a failure to
challenge the revised Customs’ OMVs of the Cars could result in the levying of
additional ARF on the Cars far in excess of the fine prescribed in s 128(1) of
the Act (as indicated in the Registrar’s letter of 8 December 2004, the
additional ARF payable by Komoco was $7,028,559). From a practical point of
view, it was difficult to appreciate the commercial sense of Komoco’s decision
to accept the Offer of Composition instead of seeking, by way of defending a
prosecution for the offence under s 128(1)(_d_) of the Act, a determination
from the court on the correctness of the revised Customs’ OMVs of the Cars.

67 From the foregoing analysis, it can be seen that Komoco not only denied
itself of two avenues by which it could have been heard by the court on the
valuation of the Cars – namely, by appealing to the High Court under s 22B(5)
of the Act (following a prior unsuccessful application to the DG under s
22B(1) of the Act) and by defending a prosecution for the offence under s 128
of the Act – but also denied itself of the right to be heard by, specifically,
a higher authority.

68 In essence, Komoco sought to re-open the revised Customs’ OMVs of the Cars
_vis-à-vis_ the Registrar for the purposes of the ARF Scheme; it wanted the
Registrar, in assessing the ARF payable, to carry out her own determination of
the Cars’ values on the basis of the same evidence and the same
representations that had earlier been considered by Customs in revising the
OMVs of the Cars. In our view, Komoco’s attempt to procure such an outcome
should not be entertained for three reasons.

69 The first is that natural justice does not mandate that Komoco be given a
hearing by the Registrar on an issue (_ie_ , the valuation of the Cars) on
which it had earlier already been heard by another administrative agency of
the Government (_viz_ , Customs). The right of hearing of a person who is
affected by an administrative decision is merely a facet of the broader
principle of procedural fairness. In _Lloyd v McMahon_ [1987] 1 AC 625, Lord
Bridge of Harwich stated (at 702–703):

[T]he so-called rules of natural justice are not engraved on tablets of stone.
To use the phrase which better expresses the underlying concept, what the
requirements of fairness demand when any body, domestic, administrative or
judicial, has to make a decision which will affect the rights of individuals
depends on the character of the decision-making body, the kind of decision it
has to make and the statutory or other framework in which it operates. In
particular, it is well-established that when a statute has conferred on any
body the power to make decisions affecting individuals, the courts will not
only require the procedure prescribed by the statute to be followed, but will
readily imply so much _and no more_ to be introduced by way of additional
procedural safeguards as will ensure the attainment of fairness. [emphasis
added]

In our view, Lord Bridge’s statement is apt to apply to the legislative
framework governing the ARF Scheme. This framework, coupled with the 1968
Policy Directive, permits the Registrar, in the interest of efficient public
administration, to choose the Customs’ OMV of a motor vehicle as the basis for
assessing the ARF payable. In the present case, Komoco was not in any way
denied procedural fairness by the Registrar, especially in the light of the
objectivity and the transparency of the Administrative Convention (see, in
this regard, our earlier observation at [7] above). Given that Komoco had
chosen not to avail itself of the statutory avenues through which it could
have voiced its views on what it thought were the appropriate values of the
Cars, there was no reason why this court should “create” (as it were) another
opportunity for Komoco to be heard on this same issue (_viz_ , the values of
the Cars) by ruling that the Registrar was obliged under r 7(3) of the Rules
to hear Komoco on the matter.

70 In our view, the goal of efficiency in public administration would not be
advanced if Komoco were held to be entitled to re-open the revised Customs’
OMVs of the Cars _vis-à-vis_ the Registrar for the purposes of the ARF Scheme
in the circumstances of this case, given that it had decided to forego its
right to be heard by a higher and more authoritative body. What Komoco
effectively sought to do, in attempting to re-open the revised Customs’ OMVs
of the Cars _vis-à-vis_ the Registrar, was to create another opportunity to
reduce its liability with one administrative agency (_ie_ , the Land Transport
Authority (“LTA”), in terms of the ARF payable on the Cars) when the basis on
which that liability was to be assessed (namely, the OMVs of the Cars, as
stipulated in the 1968 Policy Directive) had already been determined by
another administrative agency (_ie_ , Customs) which was in a better position
to determine that basis. In this connection, we should add that, in the eyes
of the law, the Government is an indivisible legal entity when discharging its
executive functions and powers (see, for example, _Town Investments Ltd v
Department of the Environment_ [1978] AC 359 at 399–400 and _Smith v Lord
Advocate_ 1980 SC 227 at 231). Although, with regard to the collection of fees
and taxes payable on motor vehicles, Parliament has empowered Customs to
collect, _inter alia_ , excise duties and the LTA to collect the ARF, both
agencies are part of the Government, albeit under the charge of different
Ministers. There is nothing to be gained and much to lose in terms of
efficient and good public administration if, in the present case, this court
were to construe r 7(3) of the Rules to require the Registrar to give a fresh
hearing to Komoco on the question of the values of the Cars when Komoco had
chosen not to avail itself of the ample opportunities which it had to
challenge the revised Customs’ OMVs of the Cars in a court of law.

71 The second reason why Komoco should not be allowed to re-open the revised
Customs’ OMVs of the Cars _vis-à-vis_ the Registrar is that if Komoco were
permitted to do so, it would effectively be able to mount a collateral attack
on Customs’ determination of the OMVs of the Cars. In view of our earlier
observation (at [70] above) on the indivisibility of the Government in the
exercise of its executive powers, it is easy to imagine the confusion and the
damage to public administration that will be caused, not to mention the loss
of public confidence in the exercise of discretionary powers by public
authorities as well as the intractable legal problems which would ensue, if
two administrative agencies (_ie_ , Customs and the LTA) were to come to
different conclusions on the same matter of the value of a motor vehicle.

72 The third reason for rejecting Komoco’s legal position that it was entitled
to re-open the revised Customs’ OMVs of the Cars _vis-à-vis_ the Registrar
(because it had accepted the Offer of Composition and had paid Customs the
Composition Sum under protest) is that if Komoco’s position were sound in law,
then the Registrar would, as we alluded to earlier (at [11] above), have been
placed in a no-win situation. If the Registrar were to follow the
Administrative Convention, she would be open to the accusation that she had
fettered her discretion or had abrogated it to Customs (which the Judge in
fact found to be the case). If she were to disapply the Administrative
Convention but agree with Customs’ revised OMV figures, she would be open to
the accusation that she had failed to give genuine consideration to Komoco’s
representations (which the Judge also found to be the case). But, if she were
to fix the values of the Cars (for the purposes of computing the ARF payable)
at levels higher than their revised Customs’ OMVs, she would be open to the
allegation that her calculation of the values of the Cars could not be more
accurate than Customs’ calculation of the same (as, by her own admission, she
did not have the same resources and expertise which Customs had). In other
words, if Komoco’s legal position were correct, the Registrar’s calculation of
the values of the Cars could never be correct unless it resulted in values
which were lower than the corresponding OMVs calculated by Customs.

**Conclusion**

73 For the reasons set out at [35]–[53] and [57]–[60] above, we found that the
Registrar had neither fettered the discretion conferred on her by r 7(3) of
the Rules nor abrogated such discretion to Customs in arriving at her decision
to impose the additional ARF on the Cars on the basis of their revised
Customs’ OMVs. In our view, the Registrar had considered Komoco’s
representations on the valuation of the Cars and had found no reason to
disagree with Customs’ revised OMV figures. We accordingly allowed the appeal
with costs here and below, and with the usual consequential orders.

  

* * *

[note: 1]See para 3 of the letter dated 12 October 2005 from Komoco’s
solicitors to the Registrar’s solicitors.

[note: 2]See para 4 of Komoco’s letter to Customs dated 1 November 2004.

[note: 3]See para 3 of Komoco’s letter to the Registrar dated 10 December
2004.

[note: 4]_Ibid_.

[note: 5]_Supra_ n 1.

[note: 6]_Supra_ n 1.

[note: 7]See para 2.2 of the notes of the May 2006 Meeting.

[note: 8]_Supra_ n 1.

[note: 9]See para 10 of the Registrar’s Affidavit.

[note: 10]See para 14 of Mr Teo Hock Seng’s affidavit dated 1 November 2006.

[note: 11]See para 18 of the Registrar’s Affidavit.

[note: 12]See para 16 of Komoco’s written case filed on 20 September 2007.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 08 May 2008 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

