Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Michael de Kretser Consultants Pte Ltd v De Kretser Michael Earnleigh and
Another  
[2008] SGHC 66

Case Number | : | Suit 119/2006  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 08 May 2008  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Choo Han Teck J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Lee Eng Beng, Low Poh Ling and Chin Wei Lin (Rajah & Tann LLP) for the plaintiff; David Liew Tuck Yin (DSH Law Corporation) for the first defendant; Ling Tien Wah and Joseph Lee (Rodyk & Davidson LLP) for the second defendant   
Parties | : |  Michael de Kretser Consultants Pte Ltd — De Kretser Michael Earnleigh; Michael William Rose   
  
Companies  
  

8May 2008 |  Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Choo Han Teck J:

1 The plaintiff was a company that provided business management consultancy
services including advice and services relating to public relations and
advertising. The first defendant was the founder of the plaintiff company in
which he was at all material time a director and shareholder. He retained
33.8% of the shareholding in the plaintiff after selling the majority stake to
Batey Pte Ltd (“Batey”), a member of a larger consultancy group known by its
acronym WPP. The plaintiff is part of a group of companies known as the
“Michael De Kretser Consultants” group (“the MDK Group”) which comprises the
plaintiff; a company in Malaysia known as MDK Consultants (Malaysia) Sdn Bhd;
and a company in Thailand known as MDK Consultants (Thailand) Ltd. The first
defendant was at all material time a director of all three companies in the
MDK Group and was also the Group Chief Executive Officer. The second defendant
was the Chief Executive Officer of the plaintiff.

2 This action was brought by the plaintiff against the defendants for breach
of fiduciary duties as Chief Executive Officers, and, further, in respect of
the second defendant, for breach of a contract of employment dated 1 November
2004. The alleged breaches of the contract concerned the obligations not to
take on other employment without prior written approval of the plaintiff and
not carrying on any employment in competition with the plaintiff for six
months after leaving the plaintiff’s employ. The thrust of the plaintiff’s
action was that the defendants conspired and conducted activities in conflict
with their duties to the plaintiff. The focal point of the alleged breaches of
duty was the company known as DPR Consultants Pte Ltd (“DPR”) on 15 December
2005. DPR was a company created to compete with the plaintiff for its staff
and business.

3 The plaintiff’s case was as follows. In September 2005, Batey proposed a
merger with a company known as Burston-Marstellar. In subsequent developments
Batey began discussions with the first defendant with the view of buying over
the latter’s shares in the plaintiff. The plaintiff claimed that the first
defendant was in fact secretly taking steps between November 2005 and early
2006 to set up a rival group of companies to compete with the plaintiff. It
alleged that the plans were discussed between the defendants and various
executives of the plaintiff and the MDK Group in Kuala Lumpur on 22 November
2005. This was the meeting referred to in evidence as the “Hilton Hotel
Meeting”. It was envisaged that one Danai Chan Chao Chai, the former Chief
Executive Officer of MDK Thailand would be in charge of the new company in
Thailand, and the first defendant would be in charge of the company in
Malaysia. The second defendant was to continue in Singapore and be in charge
of DPR.

4 The plaintiff claimed that a Christmas lunch on 22 December 2005 at the
Flutes restaurant was used as an occasion by the defendants to persuade the
plaintiff’s staff to join DPR. It was not disputed that some did. Adrian Heng
and Louis Lew were two who did. Prem Kallat Baj, the financial controller and
company secretary of the plaintiff did not. Adrian Heng and Louis Lew
testified as defence witnesses. Goh Sue Lynn and Prem Kallat testified as the
plaintiff’s witnesses; they testified that the second defendant promised
rewards and advantages should the staff join the new company. The plaintiff
claimed that the second defendant was in breach even as he was acting as the
Chief Executive Officer of the plaintiff because his last day of work with the
plaintiff was announced by the first defendant as 9 February 2006 only the day
before. It transpired that the second defendant had resigned on 8 November
2005 but this fact was not disclosed to the company and was known only by the
first defendant. The plaintiff’s counsel, Mr Lee Eng Beng, submitted that the
defendants’ assertion that the second defendant had served his notice of
resignation on 8 November 2005 could not be true.

5 A private investigator employed by the plaintiff found an unsigned letter of
resignation from the second defendant in the waste basket of the first
defendant’s MDK office in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia on 10 February 2006. On 15
February the second defendant attended a seminar in London organised by Vertu,
one of the plaintiff’s clients. Vertu subsequently engaged DPR as its business
consultant. Mr Lee thus submitted that it was crucial to the second defendant
to leave the plaintiff before he could justify his trip to London to get the
Vertu account for DPR. The evidence showed that between November 2005 and
February 2006 the defendants had intimated to staff and clients of the
plaintiff that they were leaving the plaintiff to start their own company. The
evidence showed that the defendants took steps to recruit staff for their new
company, DPR, while they were still employed by and were holding executive
positions in the plaintiff company.

6 There appeared to be a pattern in the incorporation of companies in
Singapore, Malaysia, and Thailand with the name and logo of “DPR”. DPR in
Singapore was incorporated on 15 December 2005 by Wendy Smith, a friend of the
second defendant; DPR Communications Sdn Bhd (“DPR Malaysia”) in Malaysia was
incorporated by Peter De Kretser, the first defendant’s son; and DPR Corporate
& Marketing Communications Ltd in Thailand (“DPR Thailand”) was registered on
15 December 2005 and having the same address as MDK Thailand, where Danai Chan
worked. All the companies bearing the DPR initials were in the same or similar
business, namely, in business and public relations consultancy and services.
Evidence of an email circulating among Danai Chan, Adrian Heng, and the first
defendant concerning the pantone colours that were used in the standardized
DPR corporate logo emerged about 7 February 2006. It seemed that the planning
of the corporate logo probably started shortly before that date.

7 A close personal and professional relationship between the first and second
defendant was apparent from the evidence, and it was the first defendant who
identified and recruited the second defendant as the person to succeed him in
the plaintiff company. The evidence against the second defendant in his
involvement in the setting up of DPR in competition with the plaintiff was
exemplified in an email dated 9 December 2005 from him to one Christine
Howard. The second defendant wrote:

Things have been mad, trying to see all the clients to woo them to the new
company, setting up the new company, applying for PR, meeting the team,
finding staff for the new biz.

The date of the email was significant if the evidence that the second
defendant resigned only in February 2006 was to be accepted. It meant that
even before notice was given to the plaintiff, the second defendant had been
actively acting against the plaintiff’s commercial interests. Further, in
January 2006 the second defendant told his secretary at the plaintiff office
to write to various magazines instructing them to forward the magazines to the
DPR address. This was another piece of evidence that fitted into the overall
plan of the plaintiff employees of setting up a rival company. Mr Lee, counsel
for the plaintiff, contended that by not giving notice of the second
defendant’s resignation to the plaintiff the plaintiff lost time and
opportunity in recruiting a replacement.

8 The defendants denied the plaintiff’s claim. Both defendants denied that
they had plotted to start the rival DPR (or any other) group of companies
while they were still under the employ of the plaintiff. They further denied
that they had taken any steps towards the establishment of the rival
companies. Finally, they denied that they had caused the plaintiff any damage
as claimed or at all. Mr Ling, counsel for the second defendant also denied
that the second defendant owed any fiduciary duty to the plaintiff. Mr David
Liew, counsel for the first defendant, submitted that the plaintiff’s case was
a “systematic pattern of schemes devised by the controlling mind behind the
plaintiff” and that “the first defendant was being made a scapegoat by the
politics within Batey and WPP and [the] action was started and continued
against the first defendant”. In summing up, counsel stated that “The first
defendant’s case is therefore that the plaintiff is merely a tool used by the
controlling mind behind the company, who has acted oppressively and in
complete disregard of the first defendant’s interests in the MDK Group and in
Batey.” In my view, in this action based on breach of fiduciary duty and
contract, the motives of the plaintiff in commencing the action are of little
relevance. The defence of the first defendant as pleaded was a denial of the
plaintiff’s allegations of breach of duty and contract. Apart from that
denial, it contained various assertions of wrongful conduct on the part of the
plaintiff in its negotiations with the first defendant over the latter’s
severance package. Consequently, much of the first defendant’s evidence
concerned these matters which I found to be irrelevant to his defence. The
first defendant was further distracted by personal circumstances in the
history of the company – his wife not only left him but also joined Batey to
set up a separate public relations branch for it.

9 The disagreement between the plaintiff’s owners and the first defendant were
only relevant insofar that they appeared to have been some of the reasons why
the first defendant decided to set up a rival group. He repeatedly stated in
evidence that he started the MDK Group, and was proud of this fact — the door
to the office bore his name, as he reminded counsel in cross-examination. I
think that there was no doubt that the first defendant was an able and capable
public relations consultant who had a great deal of experience and many
contacts. It was not surprising that the rival group of companies involved his
son, the second defendant, and former employees of the plaintiff. These were
people who knew, respected and trusted the first defendant, who I supposed,
earned that respect and trust. The main question before me therefore, was
whether the first and second defendants were in breach of their duties as
alleged. Mr Liew questioned whether as Group CEO of the MDK Group and a
director of the plaintiff the first defendant had breached any fiduciary duty
as claimed by the plaintiff.

10 Mr Liew made several points in refutation of the breach of duty
allegations. One of these concerned his client’s conduct in regard to the
merger rumours. That story concerned a rumour that the plaintiff was going to
merge with another Batey company and consequently, many of the plaintiff
employees would lose their jobs. The defendants claimed that they did their
best to quell the rumour and tried to get the staff to concentrate on their
jobs in the plaintiff. I am of the view that the rumour episode in itself was
not very material. However, I think that the defendants’ evidence were
probably only partly true. It may be that in the incipient stage of the
rumour, and perhaps, later to some but not all employees, the defendants
denied the rumour. The evidence showed that in planning their exit from the
plaintiff, both defendants had talked to many employees and many of the
plaintiff’s clients, and further, took steps to form the vehicles for
competition, namely, the companies in Malaysia, Thailand, and Singapore
bearing the DPR logo. I am of the view that the evidence showed that the first
defendant was in breach of both his contractual and fiduciary duties to the
plaintiff. In my view, as the person between the second defendant, who was the
Chief Executive Officer, and the board of directors of the plaintiff, the
first defendant owed a contractual and fiduciary duty to notify the board that
the plaintiff’s Chief Executive Officer had resigned and steps had to be taken
to find a replacement. He was the person who was responsible for accepting the
second defendant’s resignation, and being the most senior person in
management, was obliged to notify the board so that a replacement Chief
Executive can be employed.

11 Mr Ling submitted that there was no agreement between the defendants to set
up a rival business in competition with the plaintiff, nor was there any
intention to injure the plaintiff. He also submitted that the second defendant
owed no fiduciary duty to the plaintiff. Finally, Mr Ling submitted that there
was no evidence of damage to the plaintiff. Counsel commented on the value to
be attached to evidence such as the Hilton Hotel meeting. He submitted that
that was an innocuous meeting and that Danai Chan Chao Chai’s evidence that it
was a senior management retreat should be preferred to that of Prem Kallat’s.
On the whole of the evidence, that is, comparing not just the evidence of
these two, but that of every witness called by all parties, I am of the view
that Prem Kallat’s evidence is to be preferred. The evidence indicated to me
that from December 2005, if not earlier, to February 2006, the second
defendant was in breach of his contractual obligations as the Chief Executive
Officer of the plaintiff. As the head of the company he was obliged, at the
least, not to conduct activities that he ought to have known was or would be
detrimental to his employer. In this regard, he was in breach in having
actively enticed his junior colleagues to leave the plaintiff’s employ. He was
also in breach in setting up DPR and soliciting business for that company. I
have reviewed the second defendant’s private email to his friend Christine
Howard against the other evidence and his own explanation in court, and am of
the view that the evidence showed that he had acted in breach of his duties.
The relevant text of that email has been set out in [7] above. Mr Lee argued
that the second defendant was the most senior officer in the plaintiff company
since the chairman of the board’s resignation shortly after the second
defendant was employed. Counsel argued that by virtue of this and his role in
the employment of all other staff, this court should find that his duties to
the plaintiff were fiduciary in nature. I agree with counsel. Fiduciary duties
arise from positions of trust and are couched in acts of good faith.

12 In my opinion, the freedom to choose one’s work naturally allows free
movement from one employ to another. The restrictions on changes of employment
are governed by the employee’s contractual obligations. Even so, not every
breach will constitute an actionable breach of contract. A manifest loss of
interest, motivation or industry on the part of the employee may be grounds
for a termination of the employment by his employer, but might not be
sufficient for a suit for breach of contract. Similarly, I think that an
employee who has decided to leave his employment is entitled to tell his
colleagues and his clients or customers that he is leaving. He is also
entitled to inform them of his plans. Courtesy and etiquette in this regard
should deflect an accusation of breach of contractual obligations. When that
conduct becomes an actionable breach of duty depends on the individual
circumstances, after the court has taken into account the nature and degree of
the breach of duty. In the present case, I am of the view that the conduct of
the first and second defendants had crossed the line from acceptable
preparation for departure to a breach of their contractual as well as
fiduciary obligations. They were so preoccupied with their new venture that
their duties to the plaintiff were grossly neglected, and the action they took
while ostensibly working for the plaintiff, in fact, undermined it. Further,
their active recruitment of the plaintiff’s staff and clients during the
period from December 2005 to February 2006 was planned and deliberate and
would have, in my view, very likely resulted in damage to the plaintiff. Even
assuming that none of the staff members left the plaintiff, though this was
not the case, the defendants’ conduct led to uncertainty and anxiety and this
had a deleterious effect on morale, sufficient to constitute damage in breach
of contract. The short period of time in which the breach occurred may mean
that not much pecuniary damage was occasioned. Some of the damage may be more
easily quantified than others. Loss of wages would be one of the simpler
exercises. Furthermore, it may be that the staff members and clients who
joined DPR might testify that they would not have elected to remain with the
plaintiff once the defendants leave. Thus, the true and full extent of damage
will have to be assessed.

13 I therefore hold that there be judgment for the plaintiff against the first
and second defendants, and further order that damages be assessed. Costs will
follow the event.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 08 May 2008 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

