Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## NCC International AB v Alliance Concrete Singapore Pte Ltd  
[2008] SGCA 5

Case Number | : | CA 47/2007  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 26 February 2008  
Tribunal/Court | : | Court of Appeal  
Coram | : |  Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA; V K Rajah JA   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Woo Tchi Chu and John Wang (Robert Wang & Woo LLC) for the appellant; Winston Kwek and Eileen Lam (Rajah & Tann) for the respondent   
Parties | : |  NCC International AB — Alliance Concrete Singapore Pte Ltd   
  
Arbitration – Interlocutory order or direction – Court’s power – Principles
governing when court will make interim orders pending arbitration – Sections
28(2), 31(1) Arbitration Act (Cap 10, 2002 Rev Ed) – Sections 12(1), 12(7)
International Arbitration Act (Cap 143A, 2002 Rev Ed)  
  
Civil Procedure – Injunctions – Contractor seeking interim mandatory
injunction to compel ready-mix concrete supplier to supply concrete – Whether
special circumstances existing to justify granting interim mandatory
injunction  
  
Courts and Jurisdiction – Abuse of process – Contractor seeking interim
mandatory injunction from court despite arbitration agreement – No serious
steps taken to commence arbitration – Whether contractor's conduct an abuse of
process  
  

26 February 2008 |   
---|---  
  
V K Rajah JA (delivering the grounds of decision of the court):

**Introduction**

1 When should the court lend its assistance to prospective or ongoing
arbitration proceedings? How should the court exercise its powers in this
regard? These issues often bedevil both counsel and the court alike given the
present-day prevalence of arbitration agreements. In these grounds of
decision, we attempt to elucidate the legal position in the hope that the
arbitral community will find it helpful. In particular, we wish to clarify the
circumstances in which it may be appropriate for parties to an arbitration
agreement to seek the assistance of the courts.

2 This was an appeal by NCC International AB (“the appellant”) against the
refusal of the High Court judge (“the Judge”) to grant an interlocutory
mandatory injunction pending arbitration in _NCC International AB v Alliance
Concrete Singapore Pte Ltd_ [2007] SGHC 64 (“the GD”). Having carefully
considered the submissions of both parties, we dismissed the appeal. We now
give the detailed grounds for our decision.

**The facts**

3 The appellant is the main contractor for the construction of underground
train stations and tunnels at Upper Paya Lebar and Macpherson for the Circle
Line of the Mass Rapid Transit system. Under the contract between the Land
Transport Authority (“LTA”) and the appellant (“the Main Contract”), the
construction works (“the Works”) were scheduled for completion on 30 November
2007.

4 Alliance Concrete Singapore Pte Ltd (“the respondent”) was the supplier of
ready-mixed concrete to the appellant pursuant to a letter of award dated 26
July 2006 (“the Letter of Award”) and a contract of the same date (“the
Concrete Contract”).

5 The Letter of Award contained various terms on which the respondent was to
supply ready-mixed concrete to the appellant. These included preparing the
necessary submission requirements for approval by the LTA’s engineer (“the
Engineer”), guaranteeing the quality of the ready-mixed concrete and
guaranteeing delivery to the appellant subject to a minimum notice period of
one day.

6 The Concrete Contract contained, _inter alia_ , two additional terms. The
first was a “firm price” clause (cl 10), which provided that:

The Domestic Sub-contract rates [_ie_ , the rates set out in para 1.0 of the
Letter of Award] shall not be adjusted for any price fluctuation in the cost
of labour, materials, goods … or for any changes in current legislation or
regulations …

The second was a dispute resolution clause (cl 80), which provided that:

If any dispute or difference shall arise between the Domestic Sub-contractor
[_ie_ , the respondent] and the Main Contractor [_ie_ , the appellant] in
connection with or arising out of the Domestic Sub-Contract [_ie_ , the
Concrete Contract] … such dispute or difference shall be referred to the
following course for settlement in the same manner as that stated under clause
71 in the Main Contract.

7 In turn, cl 71 of the Main Contract provided that any dispute was to be
referred in the first place to the Engineer, and, if there was dissatisfaction
with the Engineer’s decision, the dispute was to be referred to the Singapore
Mediation Centre (“SMC”) for mediation in accordance with the rules of the
SMC. If mediation was unsuccessful, the dispute would then be referred to
arbitration according to the rules of the Singapore International Arbitration
Centre (“the SIAC Rules”). Before us, both parties accepted that cl 80 of the
Concrete Contract read with cl 71 of the Main Contract constituted an
arbitration agreement.

8 The present dispute arose following the decision of the Indonesian
government in late January 2007 to ban the export of sand – one of the
essential ingredients of ready-mixed concrete – to Singapore with effect from
6 February 2007. This decision sent shock waves throughout the local
construction industry, which depended primarily, if not solely, on sand from
Indonesia.

9 The Singapore government soon intervened via the Building and Construction
Authority (“BCA”) and the Singapore Contractors Association Ltd (“SCAL”). On 1
February 2007, the SCAL issued a circular to its members (including the
appellant) stating that “BCA has agreed to supply sand directly to contractors
for onward delivery to ready-mixed concrete suppliers, precaster [_sic_] and
those contractors with onsite batching”. A few days later, on 3 February 2007,
the SCAL issued a more comprehensive advisory (“the SCAL Advisory”) setting
out in detail the BCA’s procedure for distributing sand which was to be
released from the Government’s stockpile.

10 Unfortunately, the appellant and the respondent failed to agree on how to
collect and pay for the sand distributed by the BCA. Although the BCA approved
the appellant’s applications for a few weeks’ worth of sand supplies, the sand
requested for by the appellant (“the allocated sand”) went uncollected. From 2
February 2007, the respondent stopped supplying ready-mixed concrete to the
appellant, save for small quantities required to maintain the structural
integrity of the Works.

11 In the ensuing exchange of correspondence between the parties, the
appellant took the position that the respondent should collect the allocated
sand and supply ready-mixed concrete to it at the fixed price stipulated in
the Letter of Award, as provided for under cl 10 of the Concrete Contract. In
contrast, the respondent took the position that the appellant should arrange
for delivery of the allocated sand to the respondent’s batching site according
to the BCA’s procedure and that the Concrete Contract should be renegotiated.
However, neither party suggested submitting the dispute to the Engineer or
commencing mediation or arbitration in accordance with cl 71 of the Main
Contract.

12 On 15 March 2007, the appellant applied via Originating Summons No 429 of
2007 for an interlocutory mandatory injunction (“the Interim Injunction”) that
would compel the respondent to deliver ready-mixed concrete which the former
had ordered as well as perform the Concrete Contract by continuing to supply
ready-mixed concrete in accordance with the terms of that contract. The title
of the originating summons contained the words, _inter alia_ , “In the Matter
of An _Intended Arbitration_ between [the appellant] as Claimants and [the
respondent] as Respondents” [emphasis added]. In a supporting affidavit filed
on the same day, the appellant’s authorised representative stated that the
appellant undertook “to commence the arbitration expeditiously”. Nevertheless,
at the hearing before us on 23 August 2007, approximately seven months after
the dispute arose, counsel for the appellant confessed that he had not had any
instructions to proceed with arbitration. _Indeed, astonishingly, even the
notice to commence arbitration had yet to be issued by the appellant_.

**The decision below**

13 The Judge focused on the merits of the application for the Interim
Injunction. Despite a request by counsel, the Judge made no finding as to
whether he was exercising his jurisdiction under the International Arbitration
Act (Cap 143A, 2002 Rev Ed) (“IAA”) or the Arbitration Act (Cap 10, 2002 Rev
Ed) (“AA”).

14 The Judge dismissed the application on the basis that the appellant had
failed to show that it deserved the court’s assistance in terms of issuing the
Interim Injunction. He gave three reasons for his decision (at [29] of the
GD). First, the appellant was not justified in taking the position that
because the Concrete Contract did not specify that the ready-mixed concrete
was to be prepared using sand from Indonesia, the appellant did not have to do
anything except insist on delivery of the ready-mixed concrete. Second, the
appellant had failed to follow the process of dispute resolution set out in
the Concrete Contract. Third, the appellant should have availed itself of the
measures contained in the SCAL Advisory so as to obtain the sand which it
needed.

15 Although the Judge expressed wariness about prejudging the appellant’s
likelihood of succeeding at the arbitration proceedings to be initiated, he
concluded that the arbitrator would most likely adopt “a broad perspective”
(at [30] of the GD) in deciding the dispute and that the appellant could not
be said to be assured of obtaining an order for specific performance of the
Concrete Contract at the arbitration.

**The arguments on appeal**

16 Taking the Judge’s cue, both parties focused their arguments before this
court on the merits of the application for the Interim Injunction. The
appellant sought to persuade us that it had a high chance of succeeding at the
arbitration (in terms of obtaining an order for specific performance of the
Concrete Contract) based on a literal construction of the Concrete Contract
and because damages would not be an adequate remedy since the respondent’s
failure to supply ready-mixed concrete had halted the Works. The respondent,
on the other hand, advanced the doctrine of frustration to show that the
appellant was unlikely to succeed at the arbitration, and also argued that,
even if the appellant did succeed, damages would be adequate compensation
because the appellant’s damages could be quantified. Further, the respondent
submitted that the appellant had failed to demonstrate any urgency warranting
the grant of the Interim Injunction because, _inter alia_ , the latter had not
asked for the present appeal to be treated as an expedited appeal.

17 Unfortunately, both parties dealt only peripherally with the issue of
whether the court could and should intervene in the light of the pending
arbitration proceedings. The appellant’s position was that the court’s power
to provide interim relief in these circumstances was founded on the IAA, and
that such power should be exercised in this instance because the merits of the
case warranted it. In contrast, the respondent contended that the applicable
legislation was the AA, and not the IAA, because the appellant had a business
office in Singapore and that, under the AA, the court had no power to grant an
interim injunction when arbitration proceedings were either pending or
ongoing.

**Our decision**

18 In the ensuing analysis, we set out our view on the proper role of the
court in providing interim relief when arbitration proceedings are pending or
in progress under the IAA and the AA, respectively. Based on the legal
principles that emerged from our analysis, we came to the conclusion that the
appellant’s conduct amounted to an abuse of process. As our decision was
unaffected by whether the court’s jurisdiction was founded on the IAA or the
AA, we did not make any finding as to which of these statutes was applicable
on the facts of this appeal.

19 We also considered the substantive merits of the appellant’s application
for the Interim Injunction. We found that the Judge had, in the exercise of
his discretion, correctly refused to grant the relief sought, an interim
mandatory injunction being, it must be emphasised, a very exceptional remedy.

**_The role of the court in arbitration proceedings_**

20 It is presently accepted that the courts have a conspicuously circumscribed
role in relation to all arbitration proceedings, whether pending or ongoing.
In the apposite words of the learned authors of _Halsbury’s Laws of Singapore_
vol 2 (LexisNexis, 2003 Reissue) (“ _Halsbury’s_ ”) at para 20.088:

The courts have supportive and limited supervisory functions over arbitrations
held in Singapore. These functions are those granted by statute. There are no
inherent supervisory powers at common law which the court could otherwise
exercise.

21 This position was achieved in respect of international arbitration in 1994
when Singapore implemented the UNCITRAL Model Law on International Commercial
Arbitration (“the Model Law”) via the International Arbitration Act 1994 (Act
23 of 1994) (“the 1994 Act”): see s 3(1) of the 1994 Act, which states that
“[s]ubject to this Act, the Model Law, with the exception of Chapter VIII
thereof, shall have the force of law in Singapore”. (Section 3(1) of the 1994
Act is identical to what is now s 3(1) of the IAA.)

22 Article 5 of the Model Law states that “[i]n matters governed by this Law,
no court shall intervene except where so provided in this Law”. This provision
requires all instances of court involvement in arbitration proceedings to be
specifically stipulated, thus excluding any general or residual powers of
domestic courts in relation to matters which are prescribed as governed by the
Model Law. The rationale here is to engender certainty for both arbitral
parties and arbitrators alike as to the instances in which curial supervision
or assistance is to be expected, such certainty being regarded as beneficial
to international commercial arbitration: see “Analytical Commentary on draft
text of a model law on international commercial arbitration: Report of the
Secretary-General” UNCITRAL, 18th Sess, UN Doc A/CN.9/264 (1985), reprinted in
[1985] 16 YB UNCITRAL 104 (“the Model Law Commentary”) at 112.

23 The powers of the Singapore courts in respect of international arbitration
are therefore listed exhaustively in the IAA where matters governed by the
Model Law are concerned.

24 In respect of domestic arbitration, Singapore brought its regime in line
with that under the Model Law by enacting the Arbitration Act 2001 (Act 37 of
2001) (“the 2001 Act”), the immediate precursor of the AA. The 2001 Act was
largely based on the Model Law, but also incorporated useful features from the
Arbitration Act 1996 (c 23) (UK) (“the 1996 UK Act”): see Law Reform and
Revision Division, Attorney-General’s Chambers, _Review of Arbitration Laws_
(LRRD No 3/2001) (“the LRRD Report”) at para 4.3. The purpose of this
approach, as stated in _Singapore Parliamentary Debates, Official Report_ (5
October 2001) vol 73 at col 2214 (Assoc Prof Ho Peng Kee, Minister of State
for Law), was to allow:

… the creation of an arbitration regime that is in line with international
standards and yet preserves key features of those existing arbitration
practices that are deemed to be desirable for domestic arbitrations.

25 Hence, the AA (which is substantially similar to the 2001 Act) shares a
common bedrock with the IAA, including the preservation of commercial
certainty by limiting curial intervention, but with certain modifications
tailored to suit domestic arbitration.

26 Having set the tone with regard to the court’s statutorily circumscribed
powers to intervene in arbitration proceedings in general, we now examine the
slightly different regimes under the IAA and the AA in order to clarify the
court’s role of providing interim relief _vis-à-vis_ such proceedings.

_Arbitral proceedings under the IAA_

27 The IAA applies to “international” arbitrations, which are defined under s
5 of the IAA. The court’s power to provide interim relief in international
arbitrations is prescribed by s 12(7) read with s 12(1) of the IAA. These
subsections provide as follows:

**Powers of arbitral tribunal**

**12.** —(1) Without prejudice to the powers set out in any other provision of
this Act and in the Model Law, an arbitral tribunal shall have powers to make
orders or give directions to any party for —

…

(_i_) an interim injunction or any other interim measure.

…

(7) The High Court or a Judge thereof shall have, for the purpose of and in
relation to an arbitration to which this Part [_ie_ , Pt II of the IAA]
applies, the same power of making orders in respect of any of the matters set
out in subsection (1) as it has for the purpose of and in relation to an
action or matter in the court.

28 Although the courts are conferred the power to grant interim relief in
international arbitration proceedings, they will not exercise this power
generously. We broadly agree with Belinda Ang Saw Ean J’s remark in _Front
Carriers Ltd v Atlantic & Orient Shipping Corp_ [2006] 3 SLR 854 at [15] that
the interim measures of protection in s 12(1) of the IAA “are essentially
remedies aimed at assisting in the just and proper conduct of arbitration, or
in the preservation of property which is the subject matter of the
arbitration”. We arrived at this conclusion based on a contextual reading of
ss 12(1) and 12(7) of the IAA, taking into consideration the drafting history
as well as the object and purpose of this Act.

(1) Contextual interpretation

29 We regard the genesis and the context of s 12(7) of the IAA as pointing
towards limited curial intervention for two reasons. First, the court’s power
in respect of interim measures is contained in a single subsection of a
provision which bears the heading, “Powers of _arbitral tribunal_ ” [emphasis
added] (see [27] above). Evidently, precedence is given to the arbitral
tribunal to provide interim relief, with the court’s power being incidental to
that of the tribunal. Second, reading the IAA as a whole, it can be seen that
the designated functions of the court are purely supportive in nature. These
functions include enforcing an international arbitration agreement by granting
a stay of court proceedings under s 6 of the IAA, referring the parties to
arbitration under Art 8 of the Model Law, issuing subpoenas to compel
witnesses’ attendance before the arbitral tribunal under s 14 of the IAA and
assisting the tribunal in taking evidence under Art 27 of the Model Law (see
_Halsbury’s_ ([20] _supra_) at para 20.093). Clearly, ss 12(1) and 12(7) of
the IAA must be read in a way which is consistent with the overall scheme of
curial assistance contemplated by this Act.

30 In our view, therefore, a contextual interpretation of ss 12(1) and 12(7)
of the IAA unequivocally points towards the court’s powers being employed only
to the extent that the exercise of such powers would essentially aid
arbitration proceedings being or to be diligently pursued. In short, the
court’s role is to assist in the arbitration process and not to resolve the
dispute at hand either directly or indirectly.

(2) Drafting history

31 We then considered the drafting history of ss 12(1) and 12(7) of the IAA.
Our starting point was the draft bill (“the Draft Bill”) prepared by the Law
Reform Sub-Committee on Review of Arbitration Laws (“the Sub-Committee”),
which is contained in Annex V of the Sub-Committee’s 1993 report (“the Sub-
Committee’s Report”). Clause 12(1) of the Draft Bill was virtually identical
to s 12(1) of the IAA as eventually approved by Parliament. However, the Draft
Bill contained no equivalent of (among other provisions) s 12(7) of the IAA.

32 In formulating the Draft Bill, the Sub-Committee recommended, _inter alia_
, that in order to enable “the proper functioning of international
arbitrations in Singapore … arbitral powers given by statute must be
substantially increased” (see the Sub-Committee’s Report at para 31). The Sub-
Committee continued (_ibid_):

In this respect, the Model Law provisions should be expanded to include the
powers set out in the UNCITRAL Rules, SIAC Rules and such other powers as a
Court should have, such as:

…

(d) interim injunctions or other interim orders.

Such powers should be made _concurrently exercisable_ by the arbitral tribunal
and (_to the extent that curial intervention is allowed in respect of
international arbitrations_) by the Court, the liberty being given to either
party to choose to make such applications to the Court or the arbitral
tribunal as that party deems expedient.

[emphasis added]

33 The meaning of the phrase “to the extent that curial intervention is
allowed in respect of international arbitrations” was clarified in a
subsequent recommendation (at para 47 of the Sub-Committee’s Report) as
follows:

**The [Sub-Committee] recommends that there should be provision to empower the
court to grant injunctive relief and other orders _for the interim
preservation of property pending the making of an award in an international
arbitration_.** Such applications should not be answerable by stay
applications and should not be considered as an abuse of judicial process.
**_The [Sub-Committee] recognises that while arbitrators should be given some
powers to make such orders [see Paragraph 31 above], they should not have the
power to make orders affecting third party rights_ ; _such powers should
remain the preserve of the courts_.** [emphasis added in bold italics]

34 In our judgment, the Sub-Committee undoubtedly intended the court’s role in
arbitration proceedings to be a narrow one operating in situations of urgency
(for instance, to preserve property pending the outcome of arbitration) or
where third parties (over which the arbitral tribunal has no jurisdiction) are
involved. This was obviously meant to guard against an abuse of judicial
process arising from a party to an arbitration agreement delaying arbitration
proceedings by taking out interim applications in court.

35 Subsequently, the Sub-Committee submitted the Draft Bill to L P Thean J,
Chairman of the Law Reform Committee, and the Draft Bill was considered at the
16th meeting of the Law Reform Committee held on 23 October 1993. A new cl
12(6) (currently s 12(7) of the IAA) was then added to the Draft Bill “to make
clear the High Court’s power to grant _curial assistance_ ” [emphasis added]
(see para 4(c) of the “Supplementary Note on Bill” which prefaces the Sub-
Committee’s Report). This explanation confirms our view that the court’s role,
when arbitration proceedings are pending or in progress, is merely to give or
lend assistance, and not to liberally intervene.

36 A consideration of the object and purpose underlying the IAA (which
approach accords with s 9A(1) of the Interpretation Act (Cap 1, 2002 Rev Ed))
lends further support to our interpretation of ss 12(1) and 12(7) of the IAA.

37 The object and purpose of the IAA was to implement the Model Law in
Singapore because the Model Law, _inter alia_ , provided an “internationally
accepted framework for international commercial arbitrations” and adopting it
would “promote Singapore’s role as a growing centre for international legal
services and international arbitrations” (see _Singapore Parliamentary
Debates, Official Report_ (31 October 1994) vol 63 at col 627 (Assoc Prof Ho
Peng Kee, Parliamentary Secretary to the Minister for Law)).

38 Where curial intervention in international arbitration is concerned, the
pertinent provision of the Model Law is Art 9, which states:

It is _not incompatible_ with an arbitration agreement for a party to request,
before or during arbitral proceedings, from a court an interim measure of
protection and for a court to grant such measure. [emphasis added]

39 The Model Law Commentary ([22] _supra_) explains (at 115) the rationale for
retaining the court’s jurisdiction over interim measures as follows:

The main reason is that the _availability_ of [interim measures of protection
from a court] is not contrary to the intentions of parties agreeing to submit
a dispute to arbitration and that the measures themselves are _conducive to
making the arbitration efficient_ and to _securing its expected results_.
[emphasis added]

40 This shows that, consistent with our interpretation of ss 12(1) and 12(7)
of the IAA, parties ought not to be allowed to bypass seeking interim measures
from an arbitral tribunal merely because curial assistance is conceivably
available. Rather, help from the court is to be sought only when arbitration
is inappropriate, ineffective or incapable of securing the particular form of
relief sought.

41 In summary, under the IAA regime, although the court has concurrent
jurisdiction with the arbitral tribunal to order interim measures, the court
will nevertheless scrupulously avoid usurping the functions of the arbitral
tribunal in exercising such jurisdiction and will only order interim relief
where this will aid, promote and support arbitration proceedings. We concur
with the view expressed in Leslie K H Chew, _Singapore Arbitration
Handbook_(LexisNexis, 2003) at p 105 that:

[Section 12(7) read with s 12(1) of the IAA] merely provides an alternative
for the parties to apply to the High Court if applications for interlocutory
relief may not be conveniently made to the tribunal or if it is more expedient
to do so in court.

Examples of such situations include those where third parties over whom the
arbitral tribunal has no jurisdiction are involved, where matters are very
urgent or where the court’s coercive powers of enforcement are required (see
David St John Sutton & Judith Gill, _Russell on Arbitration_ (Sweet & Maxwell
Limited, 22nd Ed, 2003) at para 7-138).

_Arbitral proceedings under the AA_

42 In the following analysis of the court’s role in domestic arbitration, we
compare the AA with the IAA.

43 The AA and the IAA ought, as far as the statutory language allows, to be
read consistently because both statutes, taken together, comprise the entire
arbitration regime available in Singapore. The AA, by virtue of s 3 thereof,
applies to any arbitration where the place of arbitration is Singapore and
where Pt II of the IAA is inapplicable. All arbitration proceedings in
Singapore will therefore almost invariably be undertaken pursuant to either
the AA or the IAA.

44 Further, a comparative approach is particularly appropriate because ss
12(1) and 12(6) of the 1994 Act (which correspond to ss 12(1) and 12(7) of the
IAA) formed the basis of ss 28(2) and 31(1) respectively of the 2001 Act
(which are identical to ss 28(2) and 31(1) of the AA): see the table of
derivations in the LRRD Report ([24] _supra_) at pp 92–93.

45 The relevant provisions of the AA state as follows:

**General powers exercisable by arbitral tribunal**

**28.** …

(2) Without prejudice to the powers conferred on the arbitral tribunal by the
parties under subsection (1) [which provides that the parties may agree on the
powers to be exercised by the arbitral tribunal], the tribunal shall have
powers to make orders or give directions to any party for —

(_a_) security for costs;

(_b_) discovery of documents and interrogatories;

(_c_) giving of evidence by affidavit;

(_d_) a party or witness to be examined on oath or affirmation, and may for
that purpose administer any necessary oath or take any necessary affirmation;

(_e_) the preservation and interim custody of any evidence for the purposes of
the proceedings;

(_f_) samples to be taken from, or any observation to be made of or experiment
conducted upon, any property which is or forms part of the subject-matter of
the dispute; and

(_g_) the preservation, interim custody or sale of any property which is or
forms part of the subject-matter of the dispute.

…

**Court’s powers exercisable in support of arbitration proceedings**

**31.** —(1) The Court shall have the following powers for the purpose of and
in relation to an arbitration to which this Act applies:

(_a_) the same power to make orders in respect of any of the matters set out
in section 28 as it has for the purpose of and in relation to an action or
matter in the Court;

…

(_d_) an interim injunction or any other interim measure.

46 The content and the context of s 31(1)(_d_) of the AA are reflective of the
court’s wider supervisory role in domestic arbitration, especially when
compared with s 12(7) of the IAA. This can be seen from the following factors.

47 First, the powers of the court are located in a self-contained section
headed “Court’s powers exercisable in support of arbitration proceedings”. The
separate section heading reflects the larger role of the court in domestic
arbitration, but, at the same time, makes clear the abiding legislative
adherence to the principle underlying the IAA – namely, that the court’s role
is to _support_ arbitration.

48 This supportive role is embodied in s 31 of the AA itself, which expressly
makes the court’s powers under that section subject to those of the arbitral
tribunal. The relevant subsections of s 31 of the AA provide as follows:

(2) An order of the Court under this section shall cease to have effect in
whole or in part if the arbitral tribunal or any such arbitral or other
institution or person having power to act in relation to the subject-matter of
the order makes an order to which the order of the Court relates.

(3) The Court, in exercising any power under this section, shall have regard
to —

(_a_) any application made before the arbitral tribunal; or

(_b_) any order made by the arbitral tribunal,

in respect of the same issue.

49 Second, an arbitral tribunal formed under the AA lacks the comprehensive
power to grant an interim injunction or other interim measures as a general
rule. In contrast, such power is expressly conferred on an arbitral tribunal
where international arbitration is concerned (see s 12(1)(_i_) of the IAA).
This distinction between the regime under the AA and that under the IAA was
deliberate because, as explained at the second reading of the Arbitration Bill
2001 (Bill 37 of 2001) (see _Singapore Parliamentary Debates, Official Report_
(5 October 2001) ([24] _supra_) at col 2215):

[T]he Bill adopts the position that some supervision by the Courts over the
conduct of arbitration in domestic arbitration is desirable. For example, the
power to grant Mareva injunctions and Anton Piller injunctions is vested in
the Court, and not in the arbitral tribunal.

50 The rationale underlying this larger role for the court in domestic
arbitration is one of policy – namely, “for the development of domestic
commercial and legal practice, and for a closer supervision of decisions which
may affect weaker domestic parties”(see the Sub-Committee’s Report ([31]
_supra_)at para 12).

51 For this reason, the court will generally play a relatively more
interventionist role in domestic arbitration as compared to international
arbitration. Nevertheless, this greater role for the court in the former
scenario still remains firmly and unequivocally premised on the same principle
that the court must intervene only in the limited circumstances where curial
intervention will support arbitration. This is so because unlike the position
under the IAA, where the powers of the arbitral tribunal and those of the
court exist concurrently by virtue of s 12(7) read with s 12(1), a court
dealing with matters under the AA is endowed with powers that exceed those of
the arbitral tribunal.

52 However, where the arbitral tribunal does have concurrent jurisdiction with
the court to grant interim relief in domestic arbitration, liberal curial
intervention may no longer be appropriate. Such concurrent jurisdiction may
arise in two situations. First, pursuant to s 28(1) of the AA, the parties may
agree to confer on the arbitral tribunal jurisdiction to make certain interim
orders. Second, notwithstanding that domestic arbitration does not fall within
the ambit of “international” arbitration as defined under the IAA, the parties
can expressly opt to have the IAA apply by either agreeing in writing to this
effect or adopting institutional rules which expressly stipulate that the IAA
shall apply (see _Halsbury’s_ ([20] _supra_) at para 20.013). One instance of
such an institutional rule is r 32 of the SIAC Rules (3rd Ed, 2007), which
provides that where the seat of arbitration is Singapore, the law of
arbitration conducted under the auspices of the Singapore International
Arbitration Centre shall be the IAA.

53 We conclude this section by emphasising that regardless of whether the
court’s jurisdiction is exercised under the AA or the IAA, the same general
principle of limited and cautious curial assistance applies. The court will
intervene only sparingly and in very narrow circumstances, such as where the
arbitral tribunal cannot be constituted expediently enough, where the court’s
coercive enforcement powers are required or where the arbitral tribunal has no
jurisdiction to grant the relief sought in the matter at hand.

_English authorities_

54 Our view of the court’s role in arbitration proceedings, as summarised at
[53] above, is consistent with the English authorities, which make clear that
the court will be even more reluctant to intervene to grant interim orders
before arbitration is commenced. In our judgment, s 12(7) of the IAA and s
31(1) of the AA are in substance similar to s 12(6) of the Arbitration Act
1950 (c 27) (UK) (“the 1950 UK Act”). Section 12(6) of the 1950 UK Act is
therefore relevant in interpreting the IAA and the AA. That subsection
provides:

The High Court shall have, for the purpose of and in relation to a reference,
the same power of making orders in respect of —

…

(_h_) interim injunctions or the appointment of a receiver;

as it has for the purpose of and in relation to an action or matter in the
High Court:

Provided that nothing in this subsection shall be taken to prejudice any power
which may be vested in an arbitrator or umpire of making orders with respect
to any of the matters aforesaid.

55 According to a leading English arbitration textbook, Sir Michael J Mustill
& Stewart C Boyd, _The Law and Practice of Commercial Arbitration in England_
(Butterworths, 2nd Ed, 1989) at p 296, the position under s 12(6) of the 1950
UK Act is as follows:

Under section 12(6) of the Act, the High Court has power to make certain
procedural orders in a reference, by way of _reinforcement of the arbitrator’s
own powers._ …

In certain respects, namely the ordering of discovery and interrogatories, the
powers of the Court duplicate those of the arbitrator. When a party wishes to
avail himself of these over-lapping powers, he should _first have recourse to
the arbitrator_ , and should not invoke the Court’s power _unless the
arbitrator’s order proves ineffectual_.

[emphasis added]

56 In the House of Lords decision of _Channel Tunnel Group Ltd v Balfour
Beatty Construction Ltd_ [1993] AC 334 (“ _Channel Tunnel Group_ ”), Lord
Mustill expressed a similar view. In that case, the plaintiffs issued a writ
seeking an injunction from the court to compel the defendants to continue the
work of building a tunnel under the English Channel after a dispute arose
between them. The defendants sought to stay the plaintiffs’ action because the
contract between the parties provided for final settlement of disputes by
arbitration in Brussels. The House of Lords ruled in favour of the defendants
and granted a stay of the action.

57 In his judgment, Lord Mustill stated at 365 that:

The purpose of interim measures of protection … is not to encroach on the
procedural powers of the arbitrators but to reinforce them, and to render more
effective the decision at which the arbitrators will ultimately arrive on the
substance of the dispute.

He continued at 367–368:

There is always a tension when the court is asked to order, by way of interim
relief in support of an arbitration, a remedy of the same kind as will
ultimately be sought from the arbitrators: between, on the one hand, the need
for the court to make a tentative assessment of the merits in order to decide
whether the plaintiff's claim is strong enough to merit protection, and on the
other the duty of the court to respect the choice of tribunal which both
parties have made, and not to take out of the hands of the arbitrators (or
other decision-makers) a power of decision which the parties have entrusted to
them alone. In the present instance I consider that the latter consideration
must prevail. The court has stayed the action so that … the arbitrators can
decide whether to order a final mandatory injunction. If the court now itself
orders an interlocutory mandatory injunction, there will be very little left
for the arbitrators to decide.

58 The English authorities on the 1950 UK Act are therefore unequivocal in
asserting that in striking a balance between intervening in arbitration to
grant interim relief and holding the parties to their arbitration agreement,
the latter consideration would more often than not prevail, particularly in
situations where the court’s decision would largely pre-empt that of the
arbitrator.

59 Although the 1950 UK Act is no longer law in England, having been
substituted with the 1996 UK Act, the principle of limited curial intervention
in respect of interim measures has been preserved. This is not altogether
surprising because it is the only stance which is consistent with the
existence of arbitration as an alternative method of dispute resolution. The
learned author of _Arbitration Law_ (Informa, Looseleaf Ed, 1991, Service
Issue No 46, 22 May 2007), Prof Robert Merkin, succinctly describes the
current English position at para 14.50 as follows:

The High Court apparently had [under the 1950 UK Act] the discretion to refuse
to exercise its powers on the basis that there had not been an initial
application to the arbitrators. The position has been maintained, and
clarified, by the [1996 UK Act], s 44. The relationship between the
arbitrators and the court is now as follows.

(a) The overriding rule is that the court shall act only if or to the extent
that the arbitral tribunal has no power or is unable for the time being to act
effectively. …

(b) Where an application is made to the court, it may normally act only if
permission has been given by the arbitrators or the agreement of the other
parties to the arbitration has been obtained. … However, exceptionally, the
court may on the application of a party make an order preserving the subject
matter of the dispute in the case of urgency without the permission of the
tribunal or the consent of the other parties.

60 Hence, the English position on interim measures, even after the enactment
of the 1996 UK Act, is largely similar to that under the 1950 UK Act. This has
been demonstrated by recent case law. One example is _Cetelem SA v Roust
Holdings Ltd_ [2005] 1 WLR 3555, which concerned an application for an interim
mandatory injunction pending arbitration pursuant to s 44 of the 1996 UK Act.
There, the English Court of Appeal stated at [63] that:

Those powers [under s 44 of the 1996 UK Act] include a power to grant interim
mandatory injunctions, although the authorities make it clear that the court
should exercise such a power _very sparingly_. That would be _particularly so
in the context of proposed arbitral proceedings …_ [emphasis added]

The court elaborated (at [71]) that:

The whole purpose of giving the court power to make such orders is to assist
the arbitral process in cases of urgency before there is an arbitration on
foot. Otherwise it is all too easy for a party who is bent on a policy of non-
cooperation to frustrate the arbitral process. Of course, in any case where
the court is called upon to exercise the power [under s 44 of the 1996 UK
Act], it must take great care not to usurp the arbitral process and to ensure,
by exacting appropriate undertakings from the claimant, that the substantive
questions are reserved for the arbitrator or arbitrators.

61 It can therefore be said that the English authorities fortify our view that
the courts should generally decline to exercise their jurisdiction to grant
interim injunctions pending arbitration where an arbitral tribunal has
concurrent jurisdiction to make such orders _and_ there are no special
circumstances to justify the application being made to the court instead of to
the tribunal.

_Other Commonwealth authorities_

62 Commonwealth authorities are also consistent with our interpretation of the
court’s role in pending and ongoing arbitration proceedings. Below, we briefly
discuss the position in New Zealand and in Hong Kong – jurisdictions which,
like Singapore, have based their arbitration laws on the Model Law and have
had the opportunity to pronounce on the issue of when the court ought to
exercise its jurisdiction to provide interim relief to parties to an
arbitration agreement.

63 In New Zealand, Art 9(1) of the First Schedule to the Arbitration Act 1996
(NZ) (“the NZ First Schedule”) is identical to Art 9 of the Model Law. The
court’s specific power to order interim measures before or during arbitral
proceedings is set out in Art 9(2) of the NZ First Schedule, which is similar
to s 12(7) of the IAA and s 31(1)(_a_) of the AA. These interim measures, as
defined in Art 17 of the NZ First Schedule, include interim injunctions.

64 In _Pathak v Tourism Transport Ltd_ [2002] 3 NZLR 681, the New Zealand High
Court observed in _obiter dictum_ at [40] that Art 9(1) of the NZ First
Schedule in effect requested the court “to act in aid of and to assist the
arbitral process by ordering interim measures of protection which an arbitral
tribunal, cannot, for practical or legal reasons, order”. The issue before the
court in that case was whether or not the plaintiff, who had earlier applied
to the court for an interim injunction, was subsequently entitled to invoke
Art 8 of the NZ First Schedule to seek a stay of court proceedings based on
the arbitration clause in its contract with the defendant. The court took the
opportunity to also consider its jurisdiction under Art 9 of the NZ First
Schedule to grant interim relief in aid of an arbitration agreement. In this
regard, the court adopted the view of Wild J in _Marnell Corrao Associates Inc
v Sensation Yachts Ltd_ (2000) 15 PRNZ 608 at [74] that Art 9 of the NZ First
Schedule was “limited to ‘interim measures of protection’ which the arbitral
tribunal … cannot order in time to give necessary protection”. These judicial
pronouncements comport with our view of current practice where curial
intervention in international arbitration is concerned.

65 In Hong Kong, s 2GC(1) of the Arbitration Ordinance (Cap 341) (“the
Ordinance”) is akin to s 12(7) (read with s 12(1)) of the IAA and s 31(1) of
the AA. Specifically, s 2GC(1)(c) of the Ordinance empowers the court to
“grant an interim injunction or direct any other interim measure to be taken”.
Section 2GC(5) of the Ordinance provides that this power can be exercised
irrespective of whether or not a similar power may be exercised by the
arbitral tribunal under s 2GB(1), which sets out the general powers
exercisable by an arbitral tribunal, including (at s 2GB(1)(f)) the power to
grant interim injunctions. However, s 2GC(6) of the Ordinance states that the
court may decline to exercise this power if the matter is already the subject
of arbitration proceedings _and_ the court considers it more appropriate for
the matter to be dealt with by the relevant arbitral tribunal.

66 These provisions show that the drafters of the Ordinance were keenly aware
of the question of when the court _should_ intervene to grant an interim
injunction in aid of arbitration proceedings even though it clearly has the
power to do so. In _Arbitration in Hong Kong: A Practical Guide_ (Neil Kaplan
gen ed) (Sweet & Maxwell Asia, 2003) vol 1 at para 13-156, it is noted that:

This concurrent power of the court is not inconsistent with the philosophy of
[the Ordinance] and the Model Law … so long as the court’s power is used as a
_fallback position_ only. Accordingly, _it is appropriate for parties seeking
an order which the tribunal has the power to give, to approach the tribunal
before the court_. [emphasis added]

67 This principle of first seeking recourse from the arbitral tribunal where
it has concurrent jurisdiction with the court was applied by the Hong Kong
Court of First Instance in _Leviathan Shipping Co Ltd v Sky Sailing Overseas
Co Ltd_ [1998] 4 HKC 347 (“ _Leviathan Shipping_ ”). The plaintiff in that
case chartered a vessel to the defendant pursuant to a charterparty which
provided, _inter alia_ , that any dispute arising thereunder should be
referred to arbitration in Hong Kong. The vessel was subsequently arrested at
the instance of third parties who had claims against the defendant. The
plaintiff obtained an _ex parte_ order requiring the defendant to provide
security for the release of the vessel as well as a Mareva injunction. The
defendant then sought to set aside these two _ex parte_ orders on the basis
of, _inter alia_ , the arbitration clause in the charterparty.

68 Findlay J stated in _Leviathan Shipping_ at 355, in respect of ss 2GC(5)
and 2GC(6) of the Ordinance, that:

The legislature has provided for the intervention of the courts, but, in my
view, this jurisdiction should be exercised sparingly, and only where there
are special reasons to utilise it. A special reason would be where the
arbitral tribunal does not have the power to grant all the relief sought in a
single application.

On the facts of that case, the learned judge set aside both _ex parte_ orders,
holding that since the arbitral tribunal had the power to grant all the relief
claimed, there was no valid reason for the issue of interim relief to be
decided by the court as opposed to the tribunal.

69 As can be seen from the foregoing analysis, the New Zealand and the Hong
Kong authorities speak with one voice on the issue of when the court ought to
intervene to grant interim relief to support arbitration – namely, only
sparingly and in limited circumstances when to do so would aid and support a
pending or an ongoing arbitration.

**_Abuse of process_**

70 Given the legal principles established above, in view of the facts of the
present appeal, the appellant’s conduct amounted to an abuse of the process of
the court because the appellant, despite having no genuine intention to
commence arbitration, sought the Interim Injunction from the court on the
ostensible basis that it intended to commence arbitral proceedings against the
respondent (see, in this regard, [12] above). In effect, the appellant was
using the curial process to resolve its dispute with the respondent contrary
to the arbitration provision in the Concrete Contract.

71 In _Chee_ _Siok Chin v Minister for Home Affairs_ [2006] 1 SLR 582 (“ _Chee
Siok Chin_ ”), the High Court set out (at [34]) four categories of proceedings
that would amount to an abuse of process, as follows:

(a) proceedings which involve a deception on the court, or are fictitious or
constitute a mere sham;

(b) proceedings where the _process of the court is not being fairly or
honestly used but is employed instead for some ulterior or improper purpose or
in an improper way_ ;

(c)  proceedings which are _manifestly groundless_ _or without foundation_ or
which serve no useful purpose;

(d) multiple or successive proceedings which cause or are likely to cause
improper vexation or oppression.

[emphasis in original]

72 Although _Chee Siok Chin_ concerned an application to strike out
proceedings, the court’s pronouncement on what constitutes an abuse of process
is equally pertinent in this appeal. It is also important to note that the
four categories set out in that case are not closed; new categories may be
created, depending on the circumstances of the case (see _Gabriel Peter &
Partners v Wee Chong Jin_ [1998] 1 SLR 374 at [22], which was endorsed in
_Chee Siok Chin_ at [38]).

73 In the present appeal, the proceedings fell within the second category
stated in _Chee Siok Chin_ (see the list in [71] above). The appellant used
the court’s process in an improper way as interim relief should rightly have
been sought from an arbitral tribunal, as provided for under cl 80 of the
Concrete Contract read with cl 71 of the Main Contract (see _Leviathan
Shipping_ ([67] _supra_)). Yet, instead of either submitting its dispute with
the respondent to the Engineer or having recourse to mediation or arbitration,
the appellant’s first reaction was to apply to court for _ex parte_
interlocutory relief in the form of the Interim Injunction.

74 Further, there was more than a hint that the appellant was using the
court’s process for a collateral purpose because it took absolutely no steps
to commence arbitration even after the lapse of more than seven months from
the time the dispute arose (see [12] above). In addition, like the plaintiffs
in _Channel Tunnel Group_ ([56] _supra_), the appellant sought from the court
an interlocutory mandatory injunction, which meant that if the application for
the Interim Injunction were granted, the court would effectively be ordering
specific performance of the Concrete Contract. As this particular issue of
whether specific performance of that contract should be ordered fell squarely
within the province of the arbitral tribunal, the appellant was in essence
requesting the court to nakedly usurp the functions of the arbitral tribunal
rather than to assist in or support the intended arbitration.

**_The exceptional nature of an interim mandatory injunction_**

75 In any event, an interim mandatory injunction is a very exceptional
discretionary remedy. There is a much higher threshold to be met in order to
persuade the court to grant such an injunction as compared to an ordinary
prohibitive injunction. Case law has established that the courts will only
grant an interim mandatory injunction in clear cases where special
circumstances exist (see _Chin Bay Ching v Merchant Ventures Pte Ltd_ [2005] 3
SLR 142 at [37] and _Locabail International Finance Ltd v Agroexport_ [1986] 1
WLR 657 at 663–664).

76 In the present appeal, there was no reason to grant the Interim Injunction
because there was simply no urgency or pressing need which warranted the
ordering of such an interlocutory measure. By the time the appeal came before
this court, a lengthy period of time had already elapsed since the dispute
first arose. In our view, it could plainly be inferred from the appellant’s
inaction _vis-à-vis_ commencing arbitration that the appellant would not
suffer inordinate prejudice by waiting for the arbitral tribunal to make a
determination. The court was further entitled to take judicial notice of the
fact that, by the time this appeal was heard, the construction industry had
adjusted to the new market realities. Concrete prices had fallen from a high
of about $200 per cubic metre to below $175 per cubic metre, and there were
already ten suppliers of ready-mixed concrete in the market (see _Singapore
Parliamentary Debates, Official Report_ (21 May 2007) vol 83 at col 702 (Mah
Bow Tan, Minister for National Development)). The dire situation so
colourfully narrated by the appellant no longer existed.

77 On the merits of the case, therefore, there were no exceptional
circumstances which provided a basis for this court to grant the appellant the
Interim Injunction.

**Conclusion**

78 For the foregoing reasons, we dismissed the appeal and awarded costs fixed
at $10,000 to the respondent. We also made the usual consequential orders.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 26 Feb 2008 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

