Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## QU v QV  
[2008] SGCA 9

Case Number | : | CA 35/2007  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 10 March 2008  
Tribunal/Court | : | Court of Appeal  
Coram | : |  Chan Sek Keong CJ; Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA; V K Rajah JA   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Koh Tien Hua (Harry Elias Partnership) for the appellant; Yap Teong Liang (T L Yap & Associates) for the respondent   
Parties | : |  QU — QV   
  
Civil Procedure – Rules of court – Judgments or orders which need not specify
time within which act was to be done – Relationship between O 42 r 6(2) and O
45 r 5(1)(a) of Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2006 Rev Ed)  
  
Contempt of Court – Civil contempt – Order of court failing to specify time
for compliance – Whether party subject to order could be committed for non-
compliance – Order 45 r 5(1)(a) Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2006 Rev Ed)  
  
Statutory Interpretation – Interpretation act – Whether s 52 of Interpretation
Act (Cap 1, 2002 Rev Ed) could be applied to court judgments or orders for
purposes of committal  
  

10 March 2008 |   
---|---  
  
Chan Sek Keong CJ (delivering the grounds of decision of the court):

1 This was an appeal against the decision of the High Court judge (“the
Judge”) in _QU v QV_ [2007] 4 SLR 588 (“the GD”) affirming a committal order
made by the District Court (“the Committal Order”) in _QV v QU_ [2006] SGDC
290.

2 This appeal raised a very simple but important issue, namely, whether a
person could be committed for contempt of court for not obeying an order of
court which did not specify a time for compliance with its terms. At the
conclusion of the hearing, we allowed the appeal and ordered the Committal
Order to be set aside on the ground that it was predicated upon the breach of
a court order which did not specify a time for compliance. We now give the
full reasons for our decision.

**The facts**

3 Sometime in early 2004, the respondent in this appeal commenced divorce
proceedings against his wife, the appellant. A decree _nisi_ was granted in
July 2004. On 24 January 2005, the respondent obtained an ancillary order of
court (“the Ancillary Order”) which provided, _inter alia_ , as follows:

The [respondent] be granted sole custody, care and control of the child of the
marriage … and the [appellant] to surrender the child’s passport and birth
certificate to the [respondent]. The [appellant] shall be at liberty to apply
for access.

4 The appellant came to know about the Ancillary Order in August 2005 and
applied to set it aside. Prior to that, in June 2005, the respondent had
applied, via Originating Summons Family No 98 of 2005 (“OSF 98/05”), for an
order that the appellant return the child to his lawful custody, care and
control pursuant to the Ancillary Order. At the hearing of OSF 98/05 on 22
August 2005, District Judge Shobha Nair adjourned the application pending the
outcome of the appellant’s application to set aside the Ancillary Order (“the
setting-aside application”), and also ordered that the status quo be preserved
in the interim, subject to the appellant giving the respondent daily access to
the child.

5 Sometime in March 2006, District Judge Nair clarified that her earlier order
of 22 August 2005 was to continue only until the outcome of the setting-aside
application and not until the next hearing of OSF 98/05. On 7 March 2006, the
setting-aside application was dismissed by District Judge Carol Ling. The
appellant appealed against District Judge Ling’s decision to the High Court,
which dismissed her appeal on 26 April 2006.

6 Even after the High Court had dismissed her appeal, the appellant did not
comply with the Ancillary Order. On 28 April 2006, the respondent applied for
leave to commit the appellant for breach of the Ancillary Order. Leave was
granted. Prior to the hearing of the committal application, the appellant
handed the child’s passport to her solicitors on 5 May 2006 to hold as
stakeholders. She also handed custody of the child to the respondent on 10 May
2006, but continued to retain the child’s birth certificate.

**The decisions below**

7 The committal application was heard on 16 May 2006 by the same district
judge who made the Ancillary Order (“the District Judge”). The District Judge
held that the appellant had committed contempt of court in refusing to obey
the said order. She fined the appellant $1,000 and ordered her to pay the
respondent costs fixed at $1,500.

8 The appellant appealed to the High Court. The Judge dismissed her appeal for
the reasons set out below (see the GD at [23]–[24]):

I do not accept the wife’s [_ie_ , the appellant’s] submissions relating to
the absence of a time frame within which she was required by the [Ancillary
Order] to comply with its terms. An order of court takes effect from the date
it is pronounced unless the court specifies otherwise in the said order or
decides subsequently to stay the same. Although O 42 r 6(1) of the Rules of
Court states that a judgment or order which requires a person to do an act
must specify the time after service of the judgment or order, or some other
time, within which the act is to be done, that is subject to O 42 r 6(2) which
exempts orders requiring payment of money, giving of possession of immovable
property or delivery of movable property. The handing over of the child’s
passport and birth certificate would fall within the last category of exempted
orders and, by logical extension, so could [the handing over of custody of]
the child himself. Even if the child was excluded from the exemptions, there
was still no excuse for not handing over the documents timeously.

Order 45 r 5 of the Rules of Court does not mean that where a judgment or
order did not specify a time frame, contempt proceedings could never be taken
out. In such a situation, it behoves the applicant in contempt proceedings to
prove that a reasonable time for compliance had elapsed. Similarly, s 52 of
the Interpretation Act (Cap 1, 2002 Rev Ed), which relates to the construction
and interpretation of written law, states:

Where no time is prescribed or allowed within which anything shall be done,
that thing shall be done _with all convenient speed_ and as often as the
prescribed occasion arises. [emphasis added]

Alternatively, the applicant can apply under O 45 r 6(2) for the court to fix
a time within which an act is to be done, but that is really quite unnecessary
here because compliance required no more than bringing the child and the
documents to the husband [_ie_ , the respondent] or asking him to go to [the
appellant’s] home to pick [the child] up together with the documents in issue.
That could have been done on the day that [the High Court] dismissed the
wife’s appeal [against District Judge Ling’s decision] if the wife had genuine
regard for all orders of court and not just those in her favour. If the wife’s
submissions were correct, it would mean that she could ignore with impunity
the [Ancillary Order] until the husband took the further step of applying for
a time frame for compliance. In my view, that cannot be correct.

[emphasis in original]

**The parties’ contentions on appeal**

9 The appellant’s main argument was that O 45 r 5(1) of the Rules of Court
(Cap 322, R 5, 2006 Rev Ed) clearly stated that committal proceedings for
disobeying a judgment or order could only be commenced, with the leave of the
court, where the judgment or order had specified a time within which it had to
be complied with. Absent such a stipulation, no leave could be given, and the
party wishing to enforce the judgment or order must apply to court to amend
the judgment or order to specify the time frame for compliance.

10 In his reply, counsel for the respondent supported the reasoning of the
Judge in holding the appellant to be in contempt of court by reason of O 42 r
6 of the Rules of Court and also s 52 of the Interpretation Act (Cap 1, 2002
Rev Ed).

**Our decision**

11 At the conclusion of the hearing, we allowed the appeal and set aside the
Committal Order as it was clear to us that the lower courts had misconstrued
the scope of both O 42 r 6 of the Rules of Court and s 52 of the
Interpretation Act, and had also failed to give effect to the clear words of O
45 r 5(1).

**_Scope of Order 42 rule 6 of the Rules of Court and section 52 of the
Interpretation Act_**

12 In our view, O 42 r 6 of the Rules of Court has to be read with O 45 r 6 to
determine its scope. Order 42 r 6 provides as follows:

**6.** —(1) Subject to paragraph (2), a judgment or order which requires a
person to do an act must specify the time after service of the judgment or
order, or some other time, within which the act is to be done.

(2) Where the act which any person is required by any judgment or order to do
is to pay money to some other person, give possession of any immovable
property or deliver any movable property, a time within which the act is to be
done need not be specified in the judgment or order by virtue of paragraph
(1), but the foregoing provision shall not affect the power of the Court to
specify such a time and to adjudge or order accordingly.

13 Order 42 r 6 of the Rules of Court corresponds with O 42 r 2 of the former
Rules of the Supreme Court 1965 (SI 1965 No 1776) (UK) (“the RSC”), the scope
of which was described in Nigel Lowe & Brenda Sufrin, _The Law of Contempt_
(Butterworths, 3rd Ed, 1996) at pp 604–605 as follows:

By this rule [_ie_ , O 45 r 5 of the RSC, the English equivalent of O 45 r 5
of the Rules of Court] the courts have identical powers to enforce both
positive and negative orders but the coercive methods of enforcing a positive
order can only be exercised where that order specifically expresses the time
within which the act must be done. Normally such positive orders will specify
a time within which an act must be done, and indeed the courts are obliged to
specify a time under Ord 42, r 2(1). However, by Ord 42, r 2(2), no time limit
need be specified in respect of an order or judgment requiring a person to pay
money to some other person, or to give possession of any land or to deliver
goods. In practice such orders will not normally specify any time limit and
accordingly they cannot be enforced by sequestration or committal. However,
where the original order does not specify a time limit (and this includes not
only orders or judgments requiring persons to pay money to some other person,
etc under Ord 42, r 2(2), but also other orders which either through
inadvertence or omission have not complied with Ord 42, r 2(1)), the courts
are empowered to make a further order requiring the act to be done within a
stated time. This subsequent order can be enforced by sequestration or
committal, and accordingly where it is thought necessary so to enforce orders
for giving possession of land or for the delivery of goods, the procedure to
adopt is to apply for this subsequent order.

14 A similar approach was taken in _Kumari v Jalal_ [1997] 1 WLR 97, where the
Court of Appeal in England said (at 101):

Where there is a dispute about property, a court can decide the question of
title and can make an order for delivery up of the property. Under the Rules
of the Supreme Court it is common not to make an order specifying a time for
delivery up: see R.S.C., Ord. 42, r. 2(2). But, if it is intended that the
order is to be enforced by an order for committal, then it is plain from
R.S.C., Ord. 45, r. 5(1) which is substantially the same as C.C.R. [County
Court Rules 1981 (SI 1981 No 1687) (UK)], Ord. 29, r. 1(1) that it is
necessary that the order for delivery must set out a date for compliance. If
no date for compliance is inserted in the order, then a committal order cannot
be made.

15 _Singapore Civil Procedure 2007_ (G P Selvam ed) (Sweet & Maxwell Asia,
2007) contains a passage to the same effect. At para 45/5/1, it is noted:

The effect of the qualification [to require a time to be specified] is that a
judgment or order to pay money to some other person or to give possession of
immovable property or to deliver property which need not, and will not as a
general rule, specify the time within which such act is required to be done
(see O.42 r.6(2)) will not come under this rule, and so will not be
enforceable by order of committal, unless and until time is specified for the
doing of that [a]ct …

16 Section 52 of the Interpretation Act provides that “[w]here no time is
prescribed or allowed within which anything shall be done, that thing shall be
done with all convenient speed and as often as the prescribed occasion
arises”. In our view, s 52 is not intended to apply to a judgment or order,
the breach of which will expose the party in default to committal proceedings;
otherwise, O 45 rr 5(1)(_a_), 5(2) and 6(2) of the Rules of Court would be
rendered redundant.

17 Order 45 rr 5(1) and 5(2) provide as follows:

**5.** —(1) Where —

(_a_) a person required by a judgment or order to do an act within a time
specified in the judgment or order refuses or neglects to do it within that
time or, as the case may be, within that time as extended or abridged under
Order 3, Rule 4; or

(_b_) a person disobeys a judgment or order requiring him to abstain from
doing an act,

then, subject to these Rules, the judgment or order may be enforced by one or
more of the following means:

(i) with the leave of the Court, an order of committal;

(ii) where that person is a body corporate, with the leave of the Court, an
order of committal against any director or other officer of the body;

(iii) subject to the provisions of the Debtors Act (Chapter 73), an order of
committal against that person or, where that person is a body corporate,
against any such officer.

(2) Where a judgment or order requires a person to do an act within a time
therein specified and an order is subsequently made under Rule 6 requiring the
act to be done within some other time, references in paragraph (1) to a
judgment or order shall be construed as references to the order made under
Rule 6.

18 Order 45 r 6 provides as follows:

**6.** —(1) Notwithstanding that a judgment or order requiring a person to do
an act specifies a time within which the act is to be done, the Court shall,
without prejudice to Order 3, Rule 4, have power to make an order requiring
the act to be done within another time, being such time after service of that
order, or such other time as may be specified therein.

(2) Where, notwithstanding Order 42, Rule 6(1), or by reason of Order 42, Rule
6(2), a judgment or order requiring a person to do an act does not specify a
time within which the act is to be done, the Court shall have power
subsequently to make an order requiring the act to be done within such time
after service of that order, or such other time, as may be specified therein.

(3) An application for an order under this Rule must be made by summons and
the summons must, notwithstanding anything in Order 62, Rule 10, be served on
the person required to do the act in question.

19 There appears to be no local judicial decision on the question whether a
party can be punished for contempt of court for disobeying a court order
directing him to do a positive act (such as the acts to be done by the
appellant under the Ancillary Order in the present appeal) where that court
order does not specify a time for doing the act in question. However, in our
view, the answer seems obvious as a matter of law and justice in the context
of the power to punish a person for contempt of court by imprisonment or
imposition of a penalty. It is contrary to all notions of justice that a
person could or should be punished for omitting to do an act stipulated in a
court order when he does not know or is not certain when such omission
constitutes a breach of the court order. In the present case, it is true that
the appellant had plenty of time to deliver the child’s birth certificate to
the respondent, but, in our view, the meaning of O 45 r 5(1)(_a_) should not
be determined on the facts of a specific case. That rule is explicit in its
prescription that a court order requiring a person to do an act _must_ specify
a time frame for doing that act before the party subject to the court order
can be committed for breaching it.

20 We are aware that in _Allport Alfred James v Wong Soon Lan_ [1992] 2 SLR
385, the Court of Appeal held that O 45 r 7(4) of the Rules of the Supreme
Court 1970 (the equivalent of the present O 45 r 7(4) of the Rules of Court)
need not be complied with before a person subject to a court order to abstain
from doing an act could be committed for breach of such an order. That case
concerned the failure to include a penal notice in an interim injunction
restraining the wife in a divorce petition from disposing of the net proceeds
of sale of the matrimonial property. The Court of Appeal held that a party
breaching such an order could still be committed for contempt so long as he or
she had notice of the order.

21 But, in our view, there is a great difference between being required _to
abstain from doing_ an act altogether and being required _to do_ an act within
a specified time. In the former scenario, time is not critical because the
failure to abstain from doing the act at any time is a breach of the order. In
the latter scenario, however, the party has not been told by when he must do
the act. Imputing a reasonable time to the doing of the act does not help
because whether or not there is a breach depends on what the court considers
to be reasonable. In short, to commit a person to gaol or to a fine for
breaching an order of court that lacks certainty is contrary to our
established notions of justice. In _Allport Alfred James v Wong Soon Lan_
[1988] SLR 987, Chao Hick Tin JC said at 989, [8] that the court’s power to
punish a person for civil contempt was quasi-criminal in nature, and where any
procedural step for the exercise of that jurisdiction was prescribed, that
rule should be scrupulously observed and strictly complied with. We agree with
him.

**Conclusion**

22 For the reasons given above, we allowed the appeal with the usual
consequential orders, except that we ordered the parties to pay their own
costs in this appeal and in the High Court.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 10 Mar 2008 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

