Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Tjong Very Sumito and Others v Antig Investments Pte Ltd  
[2008] SGHC 202

Case Number | : | Suit 348/2008, RA 333/2008  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 10 November 2008  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Choo Han Teck J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Michael Hwang SC and Charis Tan (instructed) / Nicholas Narayanan (Nicholas & Co) for the appellant/defendant; Manjit Singh (Manjit Govind & Partners) for the respondents/plaintiffs   
Parties | : |  Tjong Very Sumito; Iman Haryanto; Herman Aries Tintowo — Antig Investments Pte Ltd   
  
Arbitration – Stay of court proceedings – Mandatory stay under International
Arbitration Act (Cap 143A, 2002 Rev Ed) – Whether dispute in fact existed –
Whether positive assertion of dispute by a party sufficient to stay
proceedings – Section 6(2) International Arbitration Act (Cap 143A, 2002 Rev
Ed)  
  

10 November 2008 |   
---|---  
  
Choo Han Teck J:

1 The plaintiffs and the defendant entered into a Shares Sale and Purchase
Agreement in November 2004 (“SPA”), under which the plaintiffs agreed to sell
to the defendant 72% of the entire paid-up share capital of a company. The SPA
also provided that “ _any and all disputes, controversies or conflicts arising
out of or in connection with [the SPA] or its performance shall be settled by
arbitration…_ ”. The parties subsequently entered into four supplementary
agreements, the last of which was dated 19 August 2005 and provided, _inter
alia_ , that:

2.2(e)(ii) on the date falling 24 months from the Completion Date,
US$3,700,000 shall be paid to Aventi, who is authorised to receive the same
for and on behalf of the Vendors.

2 In late September 2007, Aventi requested for an early settlement of the
US$3.7m (the original payment date being 13 June 2008). In return, Aventi
granted the defendant a discount of 5.6%. On or about 7 November 2007, the
defendant released a sum of some $3.5m to Aventi. This was not the first
occasion that the defendant paid Aventi in advance. In July 2006, the
defendant was granted a 6% discount for the early settlement of a US$2m
payment. On 12 November 2007, the first plaintiff wrote to the defendant
stating that:

I have agreed on 29 October 2007 that the final amount of the Balance Purchase
Price due to me is US$1,138,772. Kindly issue a cheque for the sum of
$1,630,038.24 (equivalent to US$1,138,772), being final settlement of the
Balance Purchase Price.

3 On 9 April 2008, the plaintiffs informed the defendant that the sum of
US$3.7m was to be made to the first plaintiff, and that no payments should be
made to Aventi. The defendant refused to do so. On 20 May 2008, the plaintiffs
commenced an action in the High Court to restrain the defendant from effecting
payment of the sum of US$3.7m to any party other than the plaintiffs. There
was also a claim for damages to be assessed. The defendant then applied for a
stay under s 6 of the International Arbitration Act (Cap 143A) (“IAA”) or
alternatively under the court’s inherent jurisdiction. The plaintiffs resisted
the stay application on the ground that there was “no dispute” and that the
defendant had no defence to the plaintiffs’ claim. The matter was heard by an
assistant registrar who agreed with the plaintiffs. The defendant’s
application for a stay was accordingly dismissed. The defendant then appealed.

The decision of the court

4 The applicable law was not in dispute and counsel for both parties relied on
_Dalian Hualiang Enterprise Group Co Ltd v Louis Dreyfus Asia Pte Ltd_ [2005]
4 SLR 646 (“ _Dalian_ ”). The relevant principles set out in _Dalian_ , were
as follows:

As regards s 6(2) IAA, I am of the view that once there is a dispute, a stay
must be ordered unless the arbitration agreement is null and void, inoperative
or incapable of being performed. _The court is not to consider if there is in
fact a dispute or whether there is a genuine dispute._ The more difficult
question is when it can be said that a dispute exists. For example, is there a
dispute when the defendant simply refuses to pay or to admit the claim or
remains silent? Although there have been statements that suggest that such
conduct is sufficient to constitute a dispute I do not share that view. A
defendant may refuse to pay or to admit a debt or remain silent because he has
no money to pay or simply because he is intransigent. To my mind that is not a
dispute. _It is different if the defendant at least makes a positive assertion
that he is disputing the claim. If he is prepared to and does assert that,
then there is a dispute even though it can be easily demonstrated that he is
wrong._ However, an admission by a defendant will, generally speaking, be
contrary to a dispute but not every admission will necessarily avoid a stay
order. [emphasis added]

5 The plaintiffs relied on the purported factual similarities with _Dalian_ in
resisting the defendant’s application. I was, however, of the view that such
reliance was misplaced, as the facts in _Dalian_ are distinguishable from the
case at hand. The factual background in _Dalian_ is as follows, at [29] and
[30]:

I was of the view that the phrase “any dispute” should also be given a wide
interpretation. Nevertheless, it would not cover a dispute unrelated to the
transaction covered by the Armonikos contract. For example, if there was a
dispute between DHE or DJOM on the one hand and Louis Dreyfus on the other
hand under a separate contract which did not have an arbitration agreement,
would that dispute be caught by the arbitration agreement in the Armonikos
contract? Surely not. Likewise, even if that separate contract had its own
arbitration agreement, the dispute thereunder would be referred to arbitration
under that arbitration agreement and not under the arbitration agreement in
the Armonikos contract.

On the facts before me, I had found that there was an admission that the sums
claimed under the Armonikos contract would be due and payable but for the
claim under the Hanjin Tacoma contract. The disputes under the Hanjin Tacoma
contract were _separate and distinct_ from the Armonikos contract.
Furthermore, neither DHE or DJOM was a party to the Hanjin Tacoma contract.
While it was true that the sums claimed by the plaintiffs were payable under
the Armonikos contract, the allegation about the running account arose only
because of Louis Dreyfus’ claim under the Hanjin Tacoma contract. Furthermore,
the issue as to whether there was a running account or not was, in my view,
unrelated to the very transaction under the Armonikos contract. Indeed, the
submission for Louis Dreyfus was simply that the “defence of a running account
undoubtedly falls within the scope of the arbitration agreement”. This was a
bald argument. In my view, it was clear that the set-off issue was not the
subject of the arbitration agreement. [emphasis added]

6 _Dalian_ involved two separate and distinct contracts. There, the
defendant’s defence in relation to the plaintiff’s claim under the Armonikos
contract was that it had a right of set-off under the Hanjin Tacoma contract.
On the other hand, the defendant in the present case refers to the fourth
supplementary agreement which states that the US$3.7m “ _shall be paid to
Aventi_ ” and that “ _[Aventi] is authorised to receive the same_ ”. Its case
was that the payment to Aventi extinguished its liabilities under the SPA and
they aver that this was collaborated by the first plaintiff’s letter dated 12
November 2007. While it could be said that the early payment arrangement
between Aventi and the defendant constitutes a “side agreement”, I was of the
view that this side agreement could not be seen as separate and distinct from
the SPA. In fact, it was one which was inextricably linked to the SPA _ie._ in
the absence of the SPA, the side agreement would never have materialised.
There was therefore a dispute referable to the SPA. Of course, the issue of
whether the payment made under the side agreement extinguished the defendant’s
liability under the SPA would be a matter reserved for the arbitrator(s) to
decide.

7 A further point was that far from admitting the claim, the defendant
asserted that “the plaintiffs’ claim is clearly devoid of any merit”. English
cases such as _Halki Shipping Corporation v_ _Sopex Oils Ltd_ [1998] 1 WLR 726
(“ _Halki_ ”) expressed the view that “ _there is a dispute once money is
claimed unless and until the defendants admit that the sum is due and payable_
” (at p 761). In this regard, while there are some minor differences between
the English position and the position elucidated by the High Court in _Dalian_
(especially in relation to silence on the part of the defendant), the common
ground remains that a positive assertion by the defendant that he is disputing
the claim would suffice for the purposes of s 6(2) of the IAA. This would be
so even if it can be easily demonstrated that the defendant was wrong.
Further, it bears mention that “ _[t]he court is not to consider if there is
in fact a dispute or whether there is a genuine dispute_ ”: _Dalian_ at [75].

8 In conclusion, I was of the view that: (i) a dispute referable to the SPA
exists; and (ii) a positive assertion had been made by the defendant
challenging the plaintiffs’ claim (albeit after the commencement of court
proceedings). Either of these grounds would justify an order for a stay of
proceedings. In the premises, I allowed the appeal with costs here and below
fixed at $7,000 excluding disbursements.

9 I note that costs on an indemnity basis have been awarded in recent English
decisions: see _Russell on Arbitration_ (Sweet & Maxwell, 23rd ed, 2007) at p
357. For instance, in _A v B (Costs)_ [2007] 1 Lloyd’s Rep 358, the defendant
B successfully obtained a stay in favour of arbitration, and the plaintiff A
was subsequently ordered to pay B costs on an indemnity basis. The following
remarks by Colman J are on point:

10 This would give rise to a fundamentally unjust situation. There can be no
question but that the procedural consequence of conduct by a party to an
arbitration or jurisdiction agreement which amounts to a breach of it and
causes the opposite party reasonably to incur legal costs ought to be that the
innocent party recovers by a costs order and/or by an award of damages the
whole, and not merely part, of its reasonable legal costs. Against that
background, it is necessary to ask whether there is any sustainable policy
consideration which would require that unless there were some special
circumstances, excluding the fact that it was an arbitration or jurisdiction
agreement that had been broken, the successful party should have to forego
part of its costs or alternatively to bring a separate claim for damages to
cover any shortfall on assessment of costs. The relevant considerations point
very strongly indeed against either result. To forego part of the loss would
be unjust. To be placed in a position where the balance of the recoverable
damages could not be quantified until after the costs had been formally
assessed would involve delay in obtaining compensation properly due and a
formalistic and cumbersome procedure which would in itself involve more costs
and judicial time. Where the defendant who had been improperly impleaded in
the English courts was outside the jurisdiction, no claim for damages could be
brought in the English courts without submitting to the jurisdiction.

11 In my judgment, provided that it can be established by a successful
application for a stay or an anti-suit injunction as a remedy for breach of an
arbitration or jurisdiction clause that the breach has caused the innocent
party reasonably to incur legal costs, those costs should normally be
recoverable on an indemnity basis.

…

15 The conduct of a party who deliberately ignores an arbitration or a
jurisdiction clause so as to derive from its own breach of contract an
unjustifiable procedural advantage is in substance acting in a manner which
not only constitutes a breach of contract but which misuses the judicial
facilities offered by the English courts or a foreign court. In the ordinary
way it can therefore normally be characterised as so serious a departure from
"the norm" as to require judicial discouragement by more stringent means than
an order for costs on the standard basis. However, although an order for
indemnity costs will usually be appropriate in such cases, there may be
exceptional cases where such an order should not be made. …

10 I agree with the views expressed in the above passages. In the present
case, the issue of costs was not fully argued before me. In future cases where
a party has breached an arbitration clause by commencing court proceedings
without good cause, I may impose an order for indemnity costs.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 10 Nov 2008 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

