Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## OCM Opportunities Fund II, LP and Others v Pt Indah Kiat Pulp & Paper
Corporation and Another  
[2008] SGHC 73

Case Number | : | Suit 279/2006, 632/2004, RA 91/2008, 92/2008  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 15 May 2008  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Andrew Ang J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Chong Chi Chuin Christopher and Teo Kelvin (Legal Solutions LLC) for the appellants/plaintiffs; Tan Gim Hai Adrian and Kwek Choon Yeow Julian (Drew & Napier LLC) for the first defendant; Pan Edric and Ng Hui Min (Rodyk & Davidson) and Lim Chong Boon (PKWA Law Practice LLC) for the second defendant   
Parties | : |  OCM Opportunities Fund II, LP; OCM Opportunities Fund III, LP; Columbia/HCA Master Retirement Trust; Gramercy Emerging Markets Fund — Pt Indah Kiat Pulp & Paper Corporation; Indah Kiat International Finance Company BV   
  
Conflict of Laws  
  

15 May 2008 |   
---|---  
  
Andrew Ang J:

1 On the first defendant’s application in Summons No 5034 of 2007 for specific
discovery, an assistant registrar (“AR”) ordered that the plaintiffs do,
within 21 days, file and serve on the first defendant, _inter alia_ , “all
correspondence and communications between the plaintiffs in relation to the
Bengkalis Action (hereinafter defined) and/or all proceedings and/or appeals
in relation thereto”. At the same hearing, the AR also dismissed the
plaintiffs’ application against the first and second defendants in Summons No
5425 of 2007 for specific discovery of all documents pertaining to the
issuance of various notes and indentures. The plaintiffs appealed against both
decisions made by the AR.

The factual background

2 The plaintiffs are judgment creditors and the defendants are judgment
debtors under two judgments by the Supreme Court of the State of New York
(“the New York Judgments”). The plaintiffs are seeking in Suit No 632 of 2004
and Suit No 279 of 2006 (consolidated pursuant to an Order of Court) (“the
Consolidated Suits”) to enforce the New York Judgments in Singapore. The
subject matter of the disputes that resulted in the New York Judgments was
debt notes (“the Indah Kiat Notes”) issued by the second defendant which were
in turn guaranteed by its parent company, the first defendant, and indentures
(“the Indah Kiat Indentures”) also issued by the second defendant.

3 Earlier, the plaintiffs sought to foreclose on the collateral in Indonesia
in respect of the Indah Kiat Notes. In response, the defendants commenced an
action in the District Court of Bengkalis (“the “Bengkalis Action”) to
invalidate the Notes. Subsequently, the District Court of Bengkalis declared,
_inter alia_ , that the Indah Kiat Notes were illegal and null and void. This
was affirmed by the High Court of Riau and thereafter by the Supreme Court of
Indonesia, which held, _inter alia_ , that:

(a) the Indah Kiat Notes, Indah Kiat Indebtures and the collateral documents
securing the Indah Kiat Notes were designed to evade tax obligations under
Indonesian law; and

(b) the Indah Kiat Notes, Indah Kiat Indentures and the collateral documents
securing the Indah Kiat Notes therefore violate the public policy and laws of
Indonesia and, pursuant to Art 1320 of the Indonesian Civil Code, are illegal
and null and void.

4 In the Consolidated Suits, the defendants are relying on, among other
things, the Judgment of the Indonesian Supreme Court to oppose the enforcement
of the New York Judgments in Singapore. In this regard, both defendants stated
in their defences (Amendment No 1) at paras 32 and 33 that:

32 The enforcement and/or recognition of the New York Judgment would be and
the Plaintiffs’ claim is contrary to public policy since the object and intent
of the Indah Kiat Notes and Indah Kiat Indentures breached and/or were
designed to breach and/or evaded and/or were designed to evade the laws of
Indonesia, which is a foreign and friendly state.

33 Further and/or, alternatively, the plaintiffs and Gryphon agreed and/or
accepted that the New York Judgment and/or the claim in the New York
Proceedings and/or any dispute relating to the Indah Kiat Notes and/or Indah
Kiat Indenture would be subject to re-examination in an Indonesian court and
that they would be bound by the judgment and findings of the Indonesian courts
and/or would be estopped from relying on the New York Judgment in the face of
that judgment or finding of the Indonesian courts …

Registrar’s Appeal No 91 of 2008

5 The subject matter of Registrar’s Appeal No 91 of 2008 was the plaintiffs’
application for specific discovery of:

1\. All documents pertaining to the issurance of the Indah Kiat 02 Notes,
Indah Kiat 06 Notes, Indah Kiat 02 Indentures and Indah Kiat 06 Indentures
including but not limited to:

a. All correspondence and communications exchanged between any of the
following parties (collectively the “Relevant Parties”):

i. P.T. Indah Kiat Pulp & Paper Corporation (“PTIK”) (and/or their agents);

ii. Indah Kiat International Finance Company B.V. (“IKBV”) (and/or their
agents);

iii. Bank America National Trust Company (and/or their agents);

iv. P.T. Fuji Bank International Indonesia (and/or their agents); and

v. Morgan Stanley & Co. Incorporated (and/or their agents).

b. All correspondence and communications between and of the Relevant Parties
(and/or their agents) and the United States Securities and Exchange Commission
(“SEC”) and all documents filed and/or submitted by any of the Relevant
Parties (and/or their agents) to the SEC.

c. All legal opinions disclosed or provided by PTIK (and/or their agents) and
IKBV (and/or their agents) to other parties.

d. All correspondence and communications exchanged between the Relevant
Parties and any third party or parties.

The aforesaid application for specific discovery was disallowed by the AR
below.

6 The plaintiffs’ position was that the documents sought by them would be
relevant to the defendants’ illegality defence and would shed light on the
defendants’ pleaded defence that “the object and intent of the Indah Kiat
Notes and Indah Kiat Indentures breached and/or were designed to breach and/or
evaded and/or were designed to evade the laws of Indonesia”.

7 Before me, the first defendant argued that the Indonesian Supreme Court had
already pronounced that the issuance of the Indah Kiat Notes was designed to
evade Indonesian tax laws and violated the public policy and laws of
Indonesia. That being the case, it made no sense for the plaintiff to re-open
in the Consolidated Suits the issue of illegality under Indonesian law.
Further, it was argued that the Singapore courts should not revisit an issue
of Indonesian law and procedure, which had been dealt with under the
Indonesian judicial system, and come to a different finding.

8 On the other hand, the plaintiffs submitted that a judgment of a foreign
court did not automatically have a _res judicata_ effect on a Singapore court;
it may have such effect only if it was given recognition by a Singapore court.
In support of this contention, the plaintiffs cited the following extract from
Dicey, Morris & Collins, _The Conflict of Laws_ vol 1 (Sweet & Maxwell, 14th
Ed, 2006) (“ _Dicey & Morris_”) at pp 579–580:

A foreign judgment may be relied on in English proceedings otherwise than for
the purpose of its enforcement. A claimant who has brought proceedings abroad
and lost may seek to bring a similar claim in England; or in proceedings on a
different claim an issue may be raised which has been decided abroad. In such
cases a foreign judgment entitled to recognition may give rise to _res
judicata_ , i.e. to a cause of action estoppel, which prevents a party to
proceedings from asserting or denying, as against the other party, the
existence of a cause of action, the nonexistence or existence of which has
been determined by the foreign court, or to an issue estoppel, which will
prevent a matter of fact or law necessarily decided by a foreign court from
being re-litigated in England.

9 In _Murakami Takako v Wiryadi Louise Maria_ [2007] 1 SLR 1119, it was held
at [40] that a foreign judgment entitled to recognition may give rise to _res
judicata_ or to an issue estoppel. Thus, the question of whether the
Indonesian Supreme Court’s Judgment was entitled to recognition by the
Singapore courts would be critical in determining whether the issues of
illegality and intent to evade Indonesian laws could be re-litigated in the
Singapore courts. The difficulty here was that this issue of entitlement to
recognition was not argued before me. In this connection, it should be noted
that the fact that the defendants were not seeking to enforce the Indonesian
Supreme Court’s Judgment in Singapore was neither here nor there, given that
the applicable test was entitlement to recognition as opposed to actual
recognition or enforcement. In view of the foregoing, I am of the view that it
would be premature for me to take a position on whether the Indonesian Supreme
Court’s Judgment gave rise to _res judicata_ or an issue estoppel.

10 As it has yet to be established that the Indonesian Supreme Court Judgment
(presently under review) raised an issue estoppel, I had little alternative
but to assume, at least for the purposes of this appeal, that the issues of
illegality as well as intent and design to circumvent Indonesian tax laws
could be re-looked at by the High Court. In the premises, I agreed that some
of the documents sought by the plaintiffs would be both relevant and necessary
to the fair disposal of the matter, given that they could be essential to
either refuting or confirming the defendants’ pleaded defence that the Indah
Kiat Notes were intended and designed to breach or evade Indonesian laws. I
therefore allowed the plaintiffs’ appeal in Registrar’s Appeal No 91 of 2008
but limited the documents sought to be discovered to only those relevant to
the issue of the legality or otherwise under Indonesian law of the Notes and
Indentures referred to in [5] above or any of them.

Registrar’s Appeal No 92 of 2008

11 The subject matter of Registrar’s Appeal No 92 of 2008 was the first
defendant’s application for specific discovery of “all correspondence and
communications between the Plaintiffs in relation to the Bengkalis Action
and/or all proceedings and/or appeals in relation thereto”. The application
was allowed by the AR at first instance.

12 The first defendant’s position on this issue was that the documents would
be needed to determine the extent of the plaintiffs’ participation in the
Bengkalis Action or whether the plaintiffs had submitted to the jurisdiction
of the District Court of Bengkalis. Further, it was argued that the documents
would be relevant to the plaintiffs’ knowledge of the legal proceedings in
Indonesia and their deliberate conduct in ignoring it. In Edwin Budi Laksono’s
fourth affidavit filed on 5 December 2007, he deposed on behalf of the first
defendant that the communications between the plaintiffs could show whether
there was a tactical decision made by the plaintiffs to evade and/or
circumvent the decision of the District Court of Bengkalis by agreeing to
deploy only the second plaintiff in the Bengkalis Action as a “test case”.
Counsel for the first defendant also stated in his written submissions that
“the Plaintiffs’ calculated conduct in evading the Indonesian proceedings and
commencing the Singapore action to enforce the New York Judgment while arguing
that the Indonesian proceedings lack jurisdiction is unconscionable and an
abuse of process”.

13 The plaintiff’s position was that the first defendant’s request for the
documents was unnecessary as the plaintiffs had already agreed to provide
discovery of documents and/or corporate records relating to the alleged
service of the summons for the Bengkalis Action. Second, Todd Molz, deposing
on behalf of the plaintiffs, had confirmed in his second affidavit filed on 3
January 2008 that the plaintiffs accepted that they had knowledge of the
Bengkalis Action. Third, it was contended that there was no authority under
Singapore or English law for the proposition that the appropriate test for the
recognition and enforcement of foreign judgment _in personam_ was the real and
substantial connection test.

14 In _Dicey & Morris_ at p 581, the learned authors noted, by way of
footnote, that:

But it may be an abuse of the process to attempt to relitigate in England an
issue decided by a foreign court against one, but not both, of the parties to
the English action: _Rayner v Bank für Gemeinwirtschaft AG_ [1983] 1 Lloyd’s
Rep. 462 (CA). In _House of Spring Gardens Ltd v Waite_ [1991] 1 Q.B. 241 (CA)
it was held that an Irish judgment was enforceable against a judgment
creditor, who (unlike his co-defendants) had not applied in Ireland to set
aside the judgment for fraud. Since he was aware of the proceedings, he would
be regarded as “privy” to them, and was bound by the determination of the
Irish court that there had been no fraud in the absence of fresh evidence.
Even if he were not estopped it would be an abuse of process and contrary to
justice and public policy for the issue of fraud to be relitigated in England
after the issue had been decided by the foreign court.

15 Thus, in my view, the above category of documents sought by the first
defendant could potentially show that there was a general agreement among the
plaintiffs to deploy only the second plaintiff in the Indonesian proceedings
as a “test case”. They could or would be relied upon to bolster the first
defendant’s case that the plaintiffs’ avoidance of the proceedings in
Indonesia was a calculated tactical manoeuvre and an abuse of process, and
that the High Court should therefore disallow a relitigation of the issues
raised in the Indonesian proceedings. It followed that the documents sought by
the first defendant were relevant and necessary to the fair disposal of the
proceedings. In the circumstances, I dismissed the plaintiffs’ appeal in
Registrar’s Appeal No 92 of 2008.

Conclusion

16 As the plaintiffs succeeded in Registrar’s Appeal No 91 of 2008 but lost
the appeal in Registrar’s Appeal No 92 of 2008, the costs as between the
plaintiffs and the first defendant here and below were netted off by consent.
I allowed the plaintiffs costs against the second defendant in the appeal in
Registrar’s Appeal No 91 of 2008 in the sum of $1,500 and set aside the AR’s
costs order below.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 15 May 2008 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

