Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Lian Hwee Choo Phebe and Another v Maxz Universal Development Group Pte Ltd
and Others  
[2008] SGHC 102

Case Number | : | Suit 75/2008, SUM 663/2008  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 30 June 2008  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Andrew Ang J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Suresh Nair and Tan Chin Kwan Jonathan (Allen & Gledhill LLP) for the plaintiffs; Harpreet Singh Nehal SC, Meyer Bernette Colleen and Dawn Ho (Drew & Napier LLC) for the second and fourth defendants; Siraj Omar and See Chern Yang (Premier Law LLC) for the third defendant   
Parties | : |  Lian Hwee Choo Phebe; Kok Lan Choo — Maxz Universal Development Group Pte Ltd; Tan Boon Kian; Seeto Keong; Wong Choon Hoy   
  
Companies – Memorandum and articles of association – Whether article providing
for increase in share capital referred only to authorised share capital –
Whether abolition of authorised share capital rendered said article otiose –
Companies Act (Cap 50, 1994 Rev Ed) Fourth Schedule Table A Art 40(a)  
  

30 June 2008 |  Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Andrew Ang J:

1 This was the plaintiffs’ application for judgment on the determination of a
preliminary issue pursuant to O 14 r 12 of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5,
2006 Rev Ed). At the hearing on 3 April 2008, I ruled in favour of the
defendants. After reading the plaintiffs’ written submissions for further
arguments dated 10 April 2008, I ruled that no further arguments on the above
matter were necessary. The following are my reasons for so doing.

2 The question for determination was whether the following resolution passed
at an Extraordinary General Meeting of the first defendant Maxz Universal
Development Group Pte Ltd (“MDG”) on 13 December 2007 (“the Resolution”)
contravened MDG’s Articles of Association and was therefore invalid:

**ORDINARY RESOLUTION**

**SECTION 161 AUTHORITY TO ALLOT AND ISSUE SHARES**

RESOLVED THAT pursuant to the provisions of Section 161 of the Companies Act,
Cap. 50 (the “Act”) and the Articles of Association of the company, the
Directors be and are hereby authorised to issue shares of the Company to such
persons on such terms and conditions and with such rights or restrictions as
they may think fit to impose and that such authority shall continue in force
until the conclusion of the next Annual General Meeting or the expiration of
the period within which the next Annual General Meeting of the Company is
required by law to be held, whichever is the earlier.

3 The only point raised by the plaintiffs in this regard was that as the
Resolution did not prescribe the number of shares to be issued, it contravened
Article 32 of MDG’s Articles of Association (“Article 32”). The said Article
32 provides that:

The Company may from time to time by ordinary resolution increase the share
capital by such sum, to be divided into shares of such amount, as the
resolution shall prescribe.

4 The second and fourth defendants’ position (which the third defendant
adopted) was that Article 32 had no application to the Resolution as it
applied only to a resolution to increase the company’s authorised share
capital. In that regard, the defendants submitted that Article 32 (which was
_in pari materia_ with Article 40(a) of Table A) owed its existence to s 71(1)
(which has since been repealed) of the Companies Act (Cap 50, 1994 Rev Ed),
which provided:

71. — (1) A company, _if so authorised by its articles_ , may in general meeting alter the _conditions of its memorandum_ in any one or more of the following ways:

(a) increase its share capital by the creation of new shares of such amount as
it thinks expedient; …

[emphasis added]

5 Mr Harpreet Singh, counsel for the second and fourth defendants, submitted
that s 71(1)(_a_) clearly referred to an increase in the authorised share
capital, as opposed to an increase in issued and paid up share capital, since
only the authorised share capital was required to be stated in the Memorandum
of a company. It was to facilitate such increase of authorised share capital
as provided for under s 71(1)(_a_) that Table A of the Companies Act included
Article 40(a). Mr Singh also referred to _Palmer’s Company Law_ , vol 1 (Sweet
& Maxwell, 25th Ed, R.68: December 1998), where the learned authors stated at
[4.203]:

To increase the nominal capital of a company limited by shares involves an
alteration of one of the conditions of its memorandum, but section 121(2)(_a_)
empowers a company limited by shares “if so authorised by its articles” to
alter that condition of its memorandum so as to “increase its share capital by
new shares of such amount as it thinks expedient.” Article 32 of Table A is a
specimen of such an authorisation by the articles. If this provision of Table
A is excluded and the articles give no authority, the articles must be altered
before the resolution to increase is passed, but if the company passes a
special resolution authorising the creation and issue of the desired new
shares, that will in effect not only give the authority to increase required
by section 121 but _uno flatu_ enable the directors to exercise it. The power
to increase can be exercised from time to time. An increase of capital does
not of itself imply a further issue of shares, it merely increases the
_nominal_ and not the _issued_ or _allotted_ capital. The _issue_ of shares is
done by the directors but they require authority to do so by an ordinary
resolution of the general meeting or the articles and their authority is
limited to five years. … The power to increase the capital must, as stated
earlier in general terms, be exercised by the company in general meeting, and
the directors have no power to exercise it. … The 1985 Act admits provisions
in the articles authorising the increase of capital by ordinary resolution
(s.121(4)) and this is the method expressly authorised by article 32 as
regards companies to which Table A applies. There is no objection to a company
in its registered articles prescribing additional, and stricter, requirements,
_e.g_. that the capital may be increased by extraordinary or by special
resolution, but such provisions are uncommon in modern company practice.
[emphasis in original]

6 Further, the defendants pointed to the fact that over the years, MDG had
given unconditional authority to its directors to issue shares pursuant to s
161 of the Companies Act. The resolutions authorising the issuance of shares
did not limit the number of shares that could be issued by the directors. At
all times in the past, whenever MDG passed ordinary resolutions granting the
directors the power to issue new shares up to the authorised share capital
limit, it did not at the same time pass ordinary resolutions increasing share
capital pursuant to Article 32. There was no need to do so as all the
directors, including the first plaintiff at the time, understood that Article
32 did not apply to resolutions to issue shares but applied only to
resolutions to increase the authorised capital. This meant that the
shareholders of MDG never regarded Article 32 as relating to share issues
within the authorised share capital. Instead, they understood that Article 32
related only to increases in authorised share capital.

7 The plaintiffs conceded that prior to the abolishment of the concept of
authorised share capital in Singapore, Article 32 referred to an increase in
authorised share capital. However, they argued that subsequent to the
abolishment, Article 32 would then apply to all issuance of new shares.

The decision of the court

8 The term “share capital”, in relation to a company, has several distinct
meanings. In Charlesworth’s _Company Law_ , Geoffrey Morse, (Sweet & Maxwell,
17th Ed, 2005), it was observed at p 139 that:

[t]he word “capital” used in connection with a company has several different
meanings, thus it may mean the nominal or authorised share capital, the issued
or allotted share capital, the paid-up share capital or the reserve share
capital of the company.

9 The question at the outset was which type of share capital did Article 32 in
MDG’s Articles of Association relate to? In my view, it was clear that at the
time of MDG’s incorporation, Article 32 was understood to govern an increase
in authorised share capital and not an increase in paid-up or issued share
capital within the authorised capital. Apart from the authorities cited by the
second defendant (see [5] above), in Charlesworth’s _Company Law_ ([8]
_supra_) it was observed at p 147 that:

**Increase in capital**

Every increase of the nominal or authorised capital figure in the memorandum,
must be effected by the company in general meeting: s.121. If the articles
authorise the increase of capital, whether an ordinary or a special resolution
is required depends on the articles.

Table A, reg.32 provides: “The company may be ordinary resolution – (a)
increase its share capital by new shares of such amount as the resolution
prescribes; …”

10 In a similar vein, _Gore-Browne on Companies_ , vol 2 (Jordans, 45th Ed,
2003) (Update 64) noted at para 26.2 that:

**Increase of capital**

The ‘capital’ referred to here is the nominal capital authorised by the
memorandum of association, and must not be confused with the issued capital or
the paid-up capital. It follows that to make an issue of shares already
authorised, or to make a call upon the shares already issued, would increase
the issued share capital or the paid-up capital respectively, but neither
proceeding would be such an increase of capital as to fall within the
provisions of the Companies Act as described hereafter.

By virtue of s 121 of the Companies Act 1985, a company limited by shares, or
a company limited by guarantee and having a share capital, may, if authorised
by its articles (see e g 1985 Table A, reg 32), increase its share capital by
new shares of such amount as it thinks expedient. The increase must be
effected by the company in general meeting, unless a private company takes
advantage of the statutory written resolution procedure.

11 The above authorities are squarely applicable to the case at hand as the
English Companies Act 1985, Table A, reg 32, was _in pari materia_ with Art 40
of the pre-amended Table A and therefore with Article 32.

12 Interpreting Article 32 to apply only to authorised share capital would
also be consistent with Article 4(a) of MDG’s Articles of Association, which
accords the directors of MDG the power and discretion to issue authorised but
unissued shares. For the above reasons, I was of the view that at the time MDG
was incorporated, Article 32 applied exclusively to an increase in authorised
share capital.

13 I turn now to the plaintiffs’ submissions that given that the concept of
authorised share capital has since been abolished, Article 32 should then be
re-interpreted to apply to all share issuances and that “[Article 32] provide
that [MDG’s] shareholders must authorise any share issuance in general
meeting” (see para 58 of the plaintiffs’ written submissions). I rejected the
said submissions for the following reasons.

14 First, the plaintiffs’ re-interpretation of Article 32 would mean that
every time the company decides to issue shares, shareholders’ approval must
first be sought. This is so as Article 32 does not have a blanket annual
approval provision similar to that in s 161(2) of the Companies Act. As noted
at [12] above, such an interpretation would run counter to Article 4(a) whose
effect is to devolve the general powers of the company to issue shares to
MDG’s board.

15 Second, it would be recalled that the Articles of Association constitute a
contract between the company and its members and among the members _inter se_.
Here, it is trite law that in the interpretation of any term of a contract,
the proper approach is to examine its meaning in the light of circumstances
existing at the time the contract was made, and not through the prism of
subsequent events: see in general Kim Lewison, _The Interpretation of
Contracts_ (Sweet & Maxwell, 4th Ed, 2007) at pp 111 and 112 which cited,
_inter alia_ , _Union Insurance Society of Canton Ltd v George Wills & Co_
[1916] 1 AC 281 where the Privy Council stated, at p 288, that:

It is immaterial to the construction of the contract to consider subsequent
events. The intention of the parties must be gathered from the language of the
contract, the subject-matter, and the circumstances in existence at the time
it was made.

16 In the circumstances, I was of the view that it would not be proper to take
into account the fact that the concept of authorised share capital had been
subsequently abolished in determining the true construction of Article 32. I
accepted the defendants’ submissions that a contract should not be interpreted
in the light of subsequent events as “[o]therwise one might have the result
that a contract meant one thing the day it was signed, but by reason of
subsequent events meant something different a month or a year later”; citing
_Whitworth Street Estates (Manchester) Ltd v James Miller & Partners Ltd_
[1970] AC 583 (“ _Whitworth_ ”) at 603.

17 Although Whitworth is a case which involves the subsequent conduct of the
parties while the present case involves a subsequent change of the law, I was
of the view that the principle elucidated in Whitworth applies equally to the
case at hand. A contract must be interpreted in the light of the circumstances
existing at the time it was made. Here, the abolition of the concept of
authorised share capital took place some five years after the Articles of
Association of MDG had been adopted. This subsequent event should not cause a
change in the interpretation of Article 32. In the premises, I agreed with the
defendants’ submission that Article 32, as it stood, had been rendered otiose
by the change in the law and ceased to have any practical effect.

18 While such a conclusion might, at first blush, appear to give _carte
blanche_ to a company’s board to issue an unlimited number of shares, it is to
be noted that s 161 of the Companies Act requires that, notwithstanding
anything in a company’s Memorandum or Articles of Association, the prior
approval of the company in general meeting is to be obtained before the
directors may exercise any power of the company to issue shares. Section 161
also provides that such approval may be unconditional or _subject to
conditions_. Thus, notwithstanding the redundancy of Article 32, the
directors’ powers to issue shares could still be circumscribed by the
company’s shareholders in general meeting.

19 For the foregoing reasons, I was of the view that the Resolution did not
contravene the Articles of Association of MDG. Accordingly, I dismissed the
plaintiffs’ application with costs.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 30 Jun 2008 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

