Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Highness Electrical Engineering Pte Ltd v Sigma Cable Company (Pte) Ltd  
[2008] SGHC 95

Case Number | : | Suit 403/2005, NA 47/2007, RA 58/2008  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 24 June 2008  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Chan Seng Onn J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Alvin Chang Jit Hua (M & A Law Corporation) for the plaintiff; Gan Kam Yuin (Bih Li & Lee) for the defendant   
Parties | : |  Highness Electrical Engineering Pte Ltd — Sigma Cable Company (Pte) Ltd   
  
Contract  
  

24 June 2008 |   
---|---  
  
Chan Seng Onn J:

Introduction

1 The plaintiff’s claim was for loss and damage suffered as a result of
various breaches by the defendant of a supply contract (“the original
contract”) relating to a purchase order HE/PO/03/0175 from the plaintiff dated
8 December 2003 which the defendant accepted on 16 December 2003. Under the
original contract, the defendant would supply to the plaintiff various types
of electrical cables for delivery from December 2003 to the end of December
2005.

2 The plaintiff obtained interlocutory judgment against the defendant on 29
June 2006 after a trial before Tan Lee Meng J: see _Highness Electrical
Engineering Pte Ltd v Sigma Cable Co (Pte) Ltd_ [2006] 3 SLR 640. The
defendant’s appeal to the Court of Appeal against Tan J’s decision was
dismissed on 24 January 2007. The Assistant Registrar, Leong Kwang Ian (“the
AR”), assessed the damages and awarded the following amounts:

a. |  Cables purchased under five Delivery Instructions (“DIs”) to complete works (see [4] below) |  $51,760.22  
---|---|---  
b. |  Cost of additional manpower and equipment  
rental |  $9,652.05  
c. |  Cables purchased from February to August  
2005 |  $27,557.49  
d. |  Cables purchased under the Keystone contract (see [10] below) |  $1,212,371.07  
|  TOTAL |  $1,301,340.83  
|  Plus 5% GST |  $65,067.04  
|  GRAND TOTAL |  $1,366,407.87  
|  Interest awarded at 6% p.a. on the sums  
awarded |  $106,458.56  
|  TOTAL AWARD OF DAMAGES |  $1,472,866.43  
  
3 The defendant appealed against the amounts awarded by the AR. I dismissed
the defendant’s appeal with respect to the above items (a), (b) and (c) but
allowed the appeal with respect to item (d). For item (d), I ordered the
damages to be re-assessed by taking into consideration whether or not the
plaintiff would have incurred any additional costs if the plaintiff were to
exercise its option to purchase from the defendant all the remaining cables
before the expiry of the original contract at the end of 2005, assuming that
there was no repudiatory breach by the defendant and assuming that the parties
were unable to agree on new terms for the supply of cables after 2005.

Item (a): Cables purchased from third parties under five DIs to complete the
works - $51,760.22

4 This head of claim was for the defendant’s failure to deliver cables under
five DIs – HE/DI/04/0154, 0156, 0217 and HE/DI/05/0008 and 0015 (“the 5 DIs”)
– issued by the plaintiff to the defendant prior to the plaintiff’s
termination of the original contract on 3 February 2005. As a result of the
defendant’s failure to deliver the cables, the plaintiff had no choice but to
purchase the same from various other suppliers in order to meet the Temporary
Occupation Permit (“TOP”) inspection schedule set by the plaintiff’s main
contractor in the project. However, the defendant claimed that:

(a) the plaintiff failed to show that the materials were needed for the
project’s TOP deadline scheduled in January 2005;

(b) the items purchased by the plaintiff from third parties did not correlate
with the items in the 5 DIs; and

(c) the plaintiff failed to mitigate its loss by buying the items at
reasonable prices.

5 Having compared the items in the invoices for the cables that the plaintiff
purchased from other suppliers with those items in the 5 DIs, I agreed with
the AR that although the descriptions might have varied in some respects, the
items purchased to replace those items that the defendant failed to deliver
did broadly correlate with those previously ordered by the plaintiff under the
5 DIs. With documentary evidence showing that the TOP inspection for the
worksite at Toh Guan Road East had taken place in mid-February 2005, it was
reasonable for the AR to accept that the plaintiff needed those cables from
October 2004 to February 2005, which was why the plaintiff ordered those
cables from the defendant for delivery from October 2004 to February 2005. The
AR also accepted the plaintiff’s evidence that the cables were needed in a
hurry and were purchased after only verbal quotations were sought. It was not
wrong for the AR to assume that the prices charged by other suppliers for the
cables were the market prices, unless the defendant adduced credible evidence
from other suppliers to show that those prices that the plaintiff obtained at
that time had been so overly and aggressively marked up for urgent delivery
beyond what a reasonable supplier would have charged. I therefore dismissed
the appeal on this item and affirmed the AR’s award of the full sum claimed in
damages of $51,760.22, which was computed on the basis of the difference
between the cost of the replacement cables purchased by the plaintiff from
third party suppliers and those cables that the defendant ought to have
supplied under the original contract had there been no repudiatory breach by
the defendant.

Item (b): Cost of additional manpower and equipment rental - $9,652.05

6 The plaintiff claimed that it had to engage additional manpower and rent
additional equipment to accelerate and complete the work leading to the
deadline for the project and the TOP inspection. The original deadline for
completion was on 17 January 2005 so that the TOP inspection could be carried
out. The TOP inspection was delayed because the defendant did not deliver the
cables on time. This resulted in a postponement of the TOP inspection to
February 2005. The Building Control Authority of Singapore eventually issued
the TOP on 18 February 2005. The architects issued the certificate of
completion on 21 February 2005. Nevertheless the plaintiff’s evidence was that
it still had to carry out further finishing works from 19 to 25 February 2005
when it handed the works over to the main contractors.

7 I accepted the plaintiff’s explanation that the delay in the project works
caused the project to run into the Chinese New Year holiday period on 9 and 10
February 2005, which made matters worse as no work could be carried out on
those dates. Thereafter, the plaintiff was also not able to carry out any
further works between 13 and 18 February 2005 as its alternative suppliers
could not deliver any cables due to the holiday period. Given the
circumstances, I had no reason to doubt the plaintiff’s evidence that it had
no choice but to accelerate its work during the available dates between 4 and
25 February 2005 in order to complete its part of the project works.

8 I was satisfied that sufficient credible evidence had been adduced from the
person in charge of the day to day operations of the plaintiff, who had
testified that the plaintiff had to deploy an additional 10 workers (2
supervisors and 8 skilled workers) to complete the works. Payslips were
produced. Invoices for the rental of the additional equipment comprising the
cable winch to pull the cables during the installation process and the
scaffolding to assist these workers to access the areas where the cables were
to be installed were produced. Accordingly, I saw no reason to disturb the
AR’s award of $9,652.05 under this head of claim.

Item (c): Cables purchased from February to August 2005 - $27,557.49

9 The amount sought by the plaintiff under this head of claim totalled
$27,557.49 and comprised the following:

(a) |  February 2005 |  $1,843.96  
---|---|---  
(b) |  March 2005 |  $3,693.60  
(c) |  April 2005 |  $5,325.49  
(d) |  May 2005 |  $3,873.02  
(e) |  June 2005 |  $5,000.32  
(f) |  July 2005 |  $4,277.80  
(g) |  August 2005 |  $3,543.30  
|  TOTAL |  $27,557.49  
  
10 This claim related to the piecemeal purchases (supported by relevant
invoices and purchase orders) made by the plaintiff between February 2005 and
August 2005 from various third party suppliers after the plaintiff accepted
the defendant’s repudiatory breach in February 2005 but before the plaintiff
entered into the long term supply contract with Keystone Cable (S) Pte Ltd
(“Keystone Cable”) on 29 September 2005 (“the Keystone contract”) for the
remaining cables. The amounts listed above represented the loss suffered by
the plaintiff each month arising from the difference between the prices that
the plaintiff would have paid the defendant under the original contract and
those eventually paid by the plaintiff to its third party suppliers.

11 The AR agreed with the defendant’s submission that the plaintiff should not
have waited for some seven months (until September 2005) before “locking in”
the price of the cables with Keystone Cable in the face of a rising market
trend. The AR therefore held that the plaintiff should have “locked in” the
price as soon as was reasonably possible after it terminated the original
contract with the defendant on 3 February 2005. The AR thus ordered damages to
be awarded based on the prices offered by Keystone Cable in its April 2005
quotation for all cables delivered from May to August 2005. As this re-
calculation yielded a higher claim, the plaintiff stood by its original claim
of $27,557.49.

12 I saw no reason to disturb the amount of damages awarded under this head of
claim and accordingly dismissed the defendant’s appeal on this item.

Item (d): Cables purchased under the Keystone contract - $1,212,371.07

13 The plaintiff’s loss under item (d) comprised the price difference between
the original contract and the Keystone contract for the replacement cables
purchased by the plaintiff from Keystone Cable to complete the works under the
project from September 2005 until the completion of the project in April 2007.
The plaintiff decided to enter into a fixed price long term contract with
Keystone Cable on 29 September 2005 for the entire balance of the cables
required for the project in order to “lock in” the unit prices so that they
would not be subject to further price fluctuations due to market conditions.
The quotation from Keystone Cable was the lowest of the quotations obtained
from four cable suppliers based on the final quantities of cables that
remained to be delivered. I accepted that the plaintiff had taken reasonable
steps to mitigate its loss by placing an order for the remaining cables with
the lowest cost supplier.

14 The defendant said that they were not liable to deliver cables beyond 31
December 2005 under the original contract, which was only for a fixed term of
two years from December 2003 to December 2005. As such, the defendant
contended that they were not liable for further losses beyond December 2005.

15 The plaintiff asserted however that the original contract was for the
defendant to supply the cables at the same unit prices even after December
2005 until the end of the building project, even if that completion was
delayed. The AR disagreed with the plaintiff’s submission on this point. The
AR correctly found that the original contract was for a fixed term ending on
31 December 2005. If the defendant wanted to raise substantially the unit
prices for the cables to be supplied after 31 December 2005, the plaintiff
would have the option of ordering the balance of all the cables before the
expiry of the original contract so as to “lock in” the purchase at the
original prices, provided of course the plaintiff had the financial means to
do so at that time or would have been able to obtain the necessary financial
assistance if it did not have sufficient financial resources of its own to do
so.

16 The AR noted that:

However, PW1 has also affirmed in his AEIC (24 August 2007) that the
Plaintiffs were prepared to purchase all the balance cables from the
Defendants should the need arise. The Defendants have sought to dispute the
Plaintiffs’ ability to carry this out. They have sought to show that the
Plaintiffs would not have been able to do so due to their financial position.
The Defendants have pointed out that the Plaintiffs did not pay for their
counterclaim of $134,000. In response, PW1 [the plaintiff’s witness, Mr Hong
Heng Peng] explained, in his own words, that they had held back this amount
because they had a valid set-off. That was the reason why they did not pay the
Defendants the $134,000. On a balance of probabilities, I accept this
reasoning. _Given the rise in the price of cables, I find that the Plaintiffs
would, in all probability, had the contract not been repudiated, purchased all
the outstanding cables due from the Defendants by end 2005._ The Defendants
have sought to place the burden on the Plaintiffs to show that they (the
Plaintiffs) were in a financial position to buy up the remaining cables. I do
not think this is correct. If the Defendants wished to assert that the
Plaintiffs were, at that time, unable to buy up the remaining cables, they
would have the burden to prove it.

That being the case, I find that the Plaintiffs should be permitted to claim
for damages for the remaining cables due from the Defendants under the
contract. (Emphasis added)

17 Hence, on the issue of whether the plaintiff would have bought up all the
remaining cables it needed for the project from the defendant before the end
of 2005 should the defendant not agree to extend original contract beyond the
end of 2005, the AR had in my view correctly found in the plaintiff’s favour
that given the rise in the price of cables, the plaintiff would have in all
probability purchased all the remaining cables from the defendant by the end
of 2005 had the original contract not been repudiated.

18 The plaintiff originally claimed $1,282,576.67 under this item. This was
reduced to $1,212,371.07 as the AR felt that the loss should be calculated
with reference to the (lower) unit rates in Keystone Cable’s quotation of
April 2005 instead of the (higher) unit rates in Keystone Cable’s September
2005 quotation which the plaintiff eventually accepted. The AR decided that
the plaintiff ought not to have delayed firming up the long term supply
contract with Keystone Cable until September 2005 in the face of rising cable
prices, which was readily apparent to the plaintiff. I had no reason to
disagree with this part of the AR’s decision.

19 Counsel for the defendant contended that:

(a) it was merely hypothetical that the plaintiff could have purchased the
rest of the cables from the defendant by 31 December 2005 under the original
contract given its financial position.

(b) the plaintiff’s witness, Hong Heng Peng (“Mr Hong”), admitted that the
plaintiff was having difficulty collecting payments for the project between
October to December 2004.

(c) five cheques issued by the plaintiff for the months of December 2005 and
January 2006 were dishonoured by the bank. The plaintiff’s bank statement for
the month of August 2006 showed that the plaintiff had overdrawn its account
and the bank had imposed overdraft interest on the account;

(d) the plaintiff already knew since 2004 that the project would be delayed
and yet the plaintiff did not make any overtures to the defendant about
extending the validity of the original contract beyond 31 December 2005 nor
issue a DI for the remaining cables; and

(e) Mr Hong testified that the plaintiff did not accept the defendant’s offer
made in early 2005 to deliver the remaining cables because the plaintiff had
lost confidence in the defendant.

20 Accordingly, counsel for the defendant submitted that the plaintiff did not
and was not likely to have either asked the defendant to extend the original
contract or issued a DI for the remaining cables under the original contract.

21 In my view, the real issue was the correct reference baseline to use for
assessing and computing the loss arising from the plaintiff having to pay
substantially more for the remaining cables that it in fact purchased from its
substitute supplier, Keystone Cable (albeit the loss was ordered by the AR to
be calculated based on the April 2005 quotation, and not on the September 2005
quotation which formed the basis of the plaintiff’s actual supply contract
with Keystone Cable). By adopting the lower unit prices in Keystone Cable’s
April 2005 quotation as the reference baseline, and not the higher unit prices
in Keystone Cable’s September 2005 quotation, the AR had already penalised the
plaintiff for not acting fast enough to mitigate its loss in the face of
rising prices for cables.

22 In assessing damages, it would sometimes be unavoidable to make certain
reasonable assumptions based on matters that would be reasonably foreseeable.
Otherwise, one would not be able to compute the loss. The AR rightly assumed,
for the purpose of computing the damages, that if there was no repudiatory
breach by the defendant resulting in the original contract being prematurely
terminated, the plaintiff would have acted in its own commercial interest to
order all the remaining items before the expiry of the original contract in
December 2005 in order to “lock in” the supply of cables at lower prices if
the plaintiff could not obtain favourable prices from the defendant to
continue supplying cables after December 2005. Even if the defendant’s
allegations that the plaintiff did not have sufficient cash to pay for the
pre-order of cables before December 2005 were eventually borne out, it did not
necessarily mean that the plaintiff would not be able to obtain external
financing to do so. There was no evidence adduced at the hearing before the AR
that the plaintiff would be unable to obtain financial assistance from the
bank or from other third parties.

23 Be that as it may, whether or not the plaintiff could have used its own
resources or borrowed money to finance the purchase of the remaining cables
from the defendant before December 2005, the fact remained that the plaintiff
might well have to incur additional costs should it pre-order a substantial
quantity of cables way in advance and well before the cables were actually
needed for the work. This was not considered at all. In my view, these
additional costs (if any) ought to be factored into the computation of loss:

(a) the cost of financing the purchase of all the remaining cables before
December 2005;

(b) the cost of warehousing the cables;

(c) the cost of insuring and safeguarding the cables; and

(d) any other costs that would have to be incurred for purchasing the cables
in advance.

24 Hence, if it could be established that the plaintiff would incur such
costs, then the loss suffered by the plaintiff for this item would have to be
reduced by the amount of the additional costs the plaintiff would have
incurred if it made an advance purchase of all the remaining cables it needed
before the expiry of the original contract at the end of December 2005.

25 Consequently, I ordered that item (d) be remitted to the AR for a re-
assessment of the damages and both parties would be allowed to adduce fresh
evidence in relation to the above additional costs.

Orders made

26 I therefore allowed the defendant’s appeal in respect of item (d) with no
order as to costs for this part of the appeal, but I dismissed the defendant’s
appeal pertaining to items (a), (b) and (c) with costs inclusive of
disbursements fixed at $1,000 to be paid by the defendant to the plaintiff. I
then gave directions for the filing of affidavits for the re-assessment of
damages by the AR for item (d) and fixed the matter for pre-trial conference.
Consequential adjustments (if any) to the GST and interest awarded would have
to be made upon the re-assessment.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 24 Jun 2008 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

