Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## The Oriental Insurance Co Ltd v Reliance National Asia Re Pte Ltd  
[2008] SGHC 236

Case Number | : | OS 986/2006 , SUM 2450/2008  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 22 December 2008  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Chan Seng Onn J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  N Sreenivasan and Palaniappan S (Straits Law Practice LLC) for the applicant; Michael Hwang SC (Michael Hwang), Muthu Arusu and Tay Yong Seng (Allen & Gledhill LLP) for the respondent   
Parties | : |  The Oriental Insurance Co Ltd — Reliance National Asia Re Pte Ltd   
  
Civil Procedure – Damages – Interest – Whether court could award compound
interest as damages – Whether independent adjudicator applied discount
correctly  
  
Civil Procedure – Experts – Setting aside expert's decision – Whether grounds
existed for setting aside determination made by independent adjudicator –
Whether independent adjudicator bound by rules of natural justice  
  
Contract – Contractual terms – Parties agreeing to resolve differences through
independent adjudicator – Whether terms of reference appointing independent
adjudicator was for process of expert determination  
  

22 December 2008 |  Judgment reserved  
---|---  
  
Chan Seng Onn J:

Introduction

1 By way of Summons No 2450 of 2008, the applicant, Oriental Insurance Co Ltd
(“OIC”) filed an application seeking to set aside the determination made by an
Independent Adjudicator (“IA”) appointed pursuant to a Scheme of Compromise
and Arrangement (“Scheme”) undertaken by the respondent, Reliance National
Asia Re Pte Ltd, (“RNA”) and for the matter to be remitted to the IA for re-
adjudication.

Background

2 RNA is a general reinsurer registered and licensed in Singapore. OIC is a
direct general insurer registered and licensed in India. The salient facts of
this matter principally revolve around OIC’s issuance of a US$20m insurance
policy in 1998 covering a Single Point Mooring Buoy (“SPM”) owned and operated
by an Indian company, Reliance Industry Limited (“RIL”). The SPM is a floating
device that allows vessels to dock offshore and facilitates the conveyance of
oil between these vessels and an on-shore refinery through the use of hoses
and pipelines. OIC retained 6.35% of the risk and reinsured the remaining
93.65% to several reinsurers. RNA is one such reinsurer which accepted 38.35%
of the risk and became the lead reinsurer.

3 The SPM was struck by a vessel named “Emerald Sky” on 12 October 1998 and
eventually sank on 16 October 1998. It was retrieved to the surface on 12
November 1998 and was subsequently transported to RIL’s refinery site in
Jamnagar, India. RIL duly commenced an admiralty action against that vessel in
Ahmadabad, India in November that year.

4 On 26 October 1999, RIL commenced an action under the insurance contract
against OIC in Surat, India. That was because a dispute arose between RIL and
the underwriters (OIC and reinsurers led by RNA) on how the loss should be
settled: as a constructive total loss (“CTL”) or a particular average loss. To
get payment on a CTL basis, the cost of recovering and repairing the insured
property would have to be higher than the agreed insured value. In the case of
the SPM, the agreed insured value was INR 517,500,000 (or US$12,652,812 at the
exchange rate of US$1= INR40.9 as at 14 May 2007). A CTL claim would also
allow RIL, the plaintiff in the Surat suit in India, to receive certain
additional payments. Not surprisingly, RIL insisted that the SPM was a CTL but
the underwriters were not prepared to accept this before a fully-stripped down
inspection of the SPM was carried out to examine the full extent of the
damage.

5 Both actions in India are still pending. RIL’s claim in India against OIC,
the defendant in India, is for the **_principal sum_** of INR 991.9m (or
**_US$24.25m_** at the exchange rate of US$1= INR40.9 as on 14 May 2007) plus
**_interest at 21% p.a_**. on the principal sum from the date of loss on 12
October 1998 **_till the date of payment_** , of which RNA’s share amounted to
38.35%. See [61] for the details of the portion of RNA’s share as stated by
the IA.

6 It is crucial for the purpose of this judgment to note that the IA himself
recognised at p 3 of his determination that the claim by RIL in India includes
interest on the principal claim amount, which is to continue accruing up to
the date of final payment and that the interest claimed by RIL is not going to
simply terminate at the valuation date of the Scheme Claim specified to be 19
September 2006 or the Scheme cut-off date of 14 May 2007, which dates are in
any event of no concern to RIL who is not a party to the Scheme. Hence, if
RIL’s claim was to be allowed by the Surat court, the **_total judgment sum_**
that OIC is liable for will most likely include both the **_principal sum_**
plus **_interest on that principal sum up to the date of judgment_** (_i.e._
pre-judgment interest). This **_pre-judgment interest_** thus forms a part of
the damages and merges with the principal sum to become a single **_total
judgment sum_** under the doctrine of merger.

7 Thereon, as with the normal practice of the Singapore courts in granting
**_post-judgment interest_** in addition to the total judgment sum up to the
date of payment (see O 42 r 12 of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R5, 2006 Rev
Ed), _Trans Elite Equipment Rental Sdn Bhd v PSC-Naval Dockyard Sdn Bhd_
[2003] 4 MLJ 30, _NM Rothschild & Sons (Singapore) Ltd & Ors v Rumah Nanas
Rubber Estate Sdn Bhd_ [1994] 2 SLR 160 and _Chia Ah Sng v Hong Leong Finance
Limited_ [2001] 1 SLR 591), the Surat court will probably also grant further
**_post-judgment interest_** (similarly calculated on the total judgment sum)
which will run from the date of its judgment till the date of actual payment
by the judgment debtor, OIC, to the judgment creditor, RIL, in India.

8 What is clear therefore is that the Surat court will not be concerned at all
with the terms of the Scheme agreed between RNA and its Scheme creditors and
its award of pre-judgment interest on the principal claim amount will not stop
accruing or stop running on either the valuation date of 19 September 2006 or
the cut-off date of 14 May 2007. The Surat court will most probably allow the
**_pre-judgment_** interest to accrue up to the date of its own judgment. See
also the further discussion on the issue of the correct valuation date in [67]
to [82].

9 In exercise of its claim’s control clause, RNA took over the management of
the legal proceedings before the Surat court and appointed solicitors to
participate in the litigation in Surat. RNA solely handled the proceedings in
Surat in connection with RIL’s claim apparently to the exclusion of OIC, the
named defendant in India.

10 In 2001, RNA encountered financial difficulties and ceased writing new
business. It entered into a voluntary run-off of its business in April 2001.
RNA’s parent, Reliance Insurance Company in the United States of America, was
put into liquidation on 3 October 2001. RNA was subsequently bought over by
Whittington Investments Guernsey Ltd on 1 July 2004 which decided to
accelerate the run-off of RNA’s business by promoting to RNA’s creditors a
solvent Scheme under s 210 of the Companies Act (Cap 50, 2006 Rev Ed).

11 The Explanatory Statement on the Scheme states, _inter alia_ , the
following points:

(a) RNA was solvent as of 31 December 2005 with assets of S$36.9m, liabilities
of S$28.1m, and a net asset value of S$8.8m.

(b) The run-off of RNA’s business would be expected to take many years. As
such RNA believes a Scheme should be the most efficient and effective method
of making **_full payment_** to Scheme creditors.

(c) The claim estimation, Scheme creditors were required to estimate their
claims but there will be no opportunity to make further claims if future
events do not reflect the amounts claimed under the Scheme.

12 The object of the Scheme was to conclude this process of “run-off” in the
shortest practicable time. To do so, the Scheme employed a practical process
of estimating all present and future claims (including contingent claims) of
Scheme creditors before paying out on those claims in full: see [2.1] of the
Scheme.

13 OIC supported the Scheme on the basis that it would be able to seek full
indemnity from RNA in connection with RIL’s claim against it (_i.e_. OIC) in
the Surat proceedings. OIC, as one of the largest Scheme creditors, voted in
support of the Scheme. At the court-sanctioned meeting on 26 September 2006,
the Scheme creditors comprising entirely of professional insurers and
reinsurers voted and approved the Scheme with the requisite statutory
majority. The IA noted that without OIC’s support, it was not likely that the
Scheme would have materialised. The Scheme was subsequently approved by the
High Court on 7 November 2006.

14 The Scheme required each creditor to file a proof of debt with supporting
documents. The manager of the Scheme (“the Scheme Manager”) would ascertain
the claim and if there was a dispute, an Independent Adjudicator (“IA”) would
determine the dispute. The IA’s decision is final and binding and “ _cannot be
appealed from to the Courts or to be submitted to arbitration_ ”. Paragraph
4.6 of the Scheme states:

4.6 Subject to any mandatory applicable law,**_the determination of the
Independent Adjudicator_** in respect of any differences or disputes referred
to him pursuant to any provision of this Scheme **_shall be final and binding
on the Company and the Scheme Creditor, and there shall be no right of appeal
therefrom_** , and no right to make any claim against the Independent
Adjudicator in respect thereof. (Emphasis added.)

15 Schedule 2: “RERRERAL TO INDEPENDENT ADJUDICATOR” of the Scheme reiterates
the finality and binding nature of the IA’s decision and the exclusion of all
appeals to the courts as follows:

5\. The decision of the Independent Adjudicator shall for the purposes of this
Scheme be **_final and binding on all parties_** and **_cannot be appealed
from the Courts or be submitted to arbitration_**. (Emphasis added.)

16 In this connection, the full background behind the present Scheme had been
set out by the Court of Appeal in _The Oriental Insurance Co Ltd v Reliance
National Asia Re Pte Ltd_ [2008] 3 SLR 121 (“ _Oriental Insurance_ ”) where
OIC had successfully sought an extension of time to file its proof of debt
under the Scheme.

17 OIC stood to be indemnified by RNA for 38.35% of the final quantum of
liability that the Surat court may ultimately award against OIC and in favour
of RIL. Essentially, what is before me is OIC’s claim in respect of its
reinsurance with RNA of 38.35% of RIL’s insured loss that OIC now has to bear
in India, which constituted a contingent liability that OIC had already
notified its re-insurers, namely RNA. OIC therefore had a “notified
outstanding claim” within the meaning of the Scheme, upon which it could
submit a proof of debt to RNA under the Scheme.

18 In January 2008, OIC submitted a proof of debt worth some US$24m plus
interest of US$1.95m p.a. from 15 May 2007 till payment. However, the Scheme
Manager determined the debt to be only worth US$1,964,000. Dissatisfied with
the result, OIC referred its proof of debt to the process of Independent
Adjudication provided under the Scheme.

19 After three rounds of written submissions and an oral hearing, the IA
rendered his final determination on 2 June 2008 ascertaining the total Scheme
claim to be US$3,840,584, comprising the principal amount of US$3,176,168 plus
interest of US$664,416 at 13.5% p.a. for an allowed discounted period of only
1.5 years. Dissatisfied with that outcome, the applicant filed the present
application to set aside the IA’s determination, seeking to remit the matter
to the IA for a re-determination.

The applicant’s case

20 OIC submitted that the IA’s mandate and duties under the Scheme may
accordingly be summarised as follows:

(a) The IA has to determine the prospective, contingent and unliquidated claim
arising from the reinsurance contract between OIC and RNA;

(b) The IA has to act in the interest of Scheme creditors as a whole;

(c) The IA has to exercise his powers so as to ensure that the Scheme is
operated in accordance with its terms, that is, to ensure that OIC and all
Scheme creditors are paid in full in respect of all the claims;

(d) The IA in the course of his determination has to act in good faith and
with due care and diligence.

21 According to OIC, it is on the above being satisfied that the IA’s decision
is final and one that cannot be appealed against. Only if the IA had followed
the above principles and adhered fully to his instructions would the Scheme
creditors be bound by his decision. However, where it can be shown that he
acted without due care and diligence, departed from the very instructions he
was to follow or failed to give effect to the terms and purpose of the Scheme,
then the IA’s decision cannot be said to be conclusive. None of the Scheme
creditors would have agreed to IA’s decision being final and binding, in the
event the decision can be shown not to be in their interest as a whole or if
it can be shown that it was reached without due care and diligence or if it
had been reached without heeding the instructions which the IA had to follow.
This was the contractual bargain entered into by the parties under the Scheme.

22 OIC further contended that the mode of dispute resolution chosen by the
parties under the Scheme was not one of “expert determination”, but that of
“adjudication”. The significance of this distinction lies in the narrow scope
under which the court would disturb an expert’s award rendered after a process
of expert determination. OIC contended that even if the mode of dispute
resolution chosen was that of expert determination, that determination ought
to be set aside on three grounds:

(a) The IA departed from his instructions by asking the wrong question;

(b) There were manifest errors in the determination that required judicial
intervention; and

(c) The IA’s failure to order the production of certain documents and
disclosure of certain information prevented OIC from properly presenting its
case before the IA, which had resulted in a failure to show natural justice
and accordingly, injustice had occurred to RNA. As the court had supervision
of the Scheme sanctioned by an order of court, it had the inherent
jurisdiction to remedy that injustice.

23 OIC also complained of the IA’s failure to act with due care and diligence
in the interests of the Scheme Creditors as a whole. OIC clarified that it was
not alleging any lack of _bona fides_ on the part of the IA, but he had
reached conclusions that no right minded IA exercising due care and diligence
would have reached.

24 I shall address each contention in due course.

Principal modes of dispute resolution

25 It is not disputed that there are broadly four principal modes of dispute
resolution where the disputants submit their dispute to a neutral third party,
having and exercising the authority to hear their respective positions and
make a decision binding on them:

(a) Litigation - a process administered through the courts. A judicial officer
of the court makes a binding decision on the dispute.

(b) Administrative or statutory tribunals - adjudication by a tribunal
established by statute to determine statutory issues _e.g._ tax, land
compensation awards and social security benefits.

(c) Arbitration - a procedure usually governed by arbitration rules laid down
by statute or imposed by an arbitral organisation. A neutral third party
privately chosen and paid by the disputants makes a binding decision.

(d) Expert determination - parties appoint their own expert to consider the
disputed issues and make a binding decision, without necessarily having to
conduct a full enquiry following the usual adjudicatory rules _e.g._ rules of
court in litigation, formal arbitration rules and general rules of natural
justice. The role of the expert is to undertake an investigation of the facts
and to determine a dispute using his own expertise. His power and jurisdiction
is derived solely from the terms of the contract.

26 See also _ADR Principles and Practice, Brown and Marriott_ (London, Sweet &
Maxwell, 1993):

**Adjudication**

As a generic term, adjudication is a dispute resolution process in which a
neutral has and exercises the authority to hear the respective positions
submitted by the disputants and to make a decision on their dispute which will
be binding on them. This may occur by:

– _Litigation_ , where the process is administered through the Courts and the
neutral adjudicator is a judge, district judge, master, Official Referee or
other official appointed by the Court to undertake this function.

– _Arbitration_ , where the neutral is privately chosen and paid by the
disputants and/or the procedure regulating the dispute follows arbitration
rules which may be statutory or imposed by an arbitral organisation.

– _Administrative or statutory tribunals_ , where the adjudication follows
certain specific statutory requirements, such as establishing rent levels,
compensation awards, social security benefits or a range of other matters
through tribunals and appeal tribunals

– _Expert determination_ , in which the parties appoint an expert to consider
their issues and to make a binding decision or appraisal without necessarily
having to conduct and enquiry following adjudicatory rules.

– _Private judging_ , in which (in those jurisdictions which have adopted this
procedure, not yet within the United Kingdom) the Court refers the case to a
referee chosen by the parties to decide some or all of the issues, or to
establish any specific facts.

27 As pointed out by Rajah J in _Evergreat Construction Co Pte Ltd v
Presscrete Engineering Pte Ltd_ [2006] 1 SLR 634 (“ _Evergreat_ ”), these
different roles attract different attributes and entail consequences peculiar
to the respective appointments. Parties who wish to have an alternative mode
of dispute resolution may draw on the different principles, attributes and
procedures in each of the above processes, and devise an agreed method or
approach which fits their particular needs and circumstances. In choosing
their alternative mode of dispute resolution, the parties are not constrained
to any of the above processes or by any particular set of attributes or
procedures. Hence, hybrid processes may be contractually formulated by the
parties themselves to resolve a particular dispute in a manner considered most
appropriate by them. The choice is basically theirs.

28 Given that the IA in this case was an expert chosen by the parties
themselves pursuant to the statutory contract in the form of the Scheme, the
IA’s dispute resolution process can only be either arbitration or expert
determination and with such other modifications the parties to the Scheme may
have agreed.

Whether mode of dispute resolution is that of expert determination

29 OIC characterised the mode of dispute resolution under the court ordered
Scheme as one of expert determination and not “adjudication”. OIC contended
that:

(a) The IA is not obliged only to consider the correct question, but he is
also required to take into account the arguments of various parties. He needs
to consider the burden of proof on each party. He needs to assess the
credibility of each position taken by the parties, ascertain the truth of the
matter and to judge the matter. The “adjudication” under the Scheme is more
akin to arbitration than an expert determination;

(b) The “adjudication” in this case is also clearly subject to the IA acting
with due care and diligence. The Scheme is an order of court. The IA is
exercising powers under that order of court and not pursuant to a contract
between parties. The underpinning of the reasoning in the case law -- that
parties are bound by their contractual bargain -- is not applicable to a court
ordered Scheme;

(c) Paragraphs 9.4 and 9.5 of the Scheme (see [30]) expressly provide for the
IA to act with due care and diligence. Paragraph 9.5 specifically states that
the IA will not be liable unless he is negligent. Challenge is not prohibited
absolutely; it is only prohibited where the IA has acted in good faith and
with due care and diligence. The Scheme clearly does not place the IA on the
unassailable pedestal that the case law appears to place the expert on. In the
premises, the IA’s decision can be challenged in court for want of due care
and diligence, and not only on the limited grounds put forward by RNA.

30 The reasons proffered by OIC in its characterisation were that, unlike the
present case, an expert in an expert determination does not step into the fray
after an earlier determination (_i.e._ the ascertainment by the Scheme
Manager) and is not put in as a form of appeal mechanism. Secondly, OIC
contended that because the Scheme was an order of court, the IA was exercising
powers under that order and not pursuant to a contract between parties.
Lastly, OIC cited the following paragraphs 4.4, 9.3, 9.4 and 9.5 of the
Scheme:

4.4 In the event that the Company or any Scheme Creditor serves on the Scheme
Manager a notice…stating that it disagrees with or disputes the amount of its
Scheme Claim determined by the Scheme Manager,…** _the amount of the Scheme
Claim of that Scheme Creditor shall be determined by the Independent
Adjudicator_**.

…

9.3 Subject to any agreement between the Company and the particular Scheme
Creditor in relation to a Disputed Claim, **_the Independent Adjudicator shall
be responsible for the adjudication and determination of Disputed Claims_**
and shall have the powers, rights, **_duties_** and functions conferred upon
him by the Scheme for such purposes.

9.4 In exercising his powers and rights and in carrying out his duties and
functions under the Scheme, **_the Independent Adjudicator shall act in good
faith and with due care and diligence in the interests of the Scheme Creditors
as a whole_** and shall exercise his powers and rights under the Scheme to
**_ensure that the Scheme is operated in accordance with its terms_**.

9.5 ** _No Scheme Creditor shall be entitled to challenge_** the validity of
**_any act_** done or permitted to be **_done in good faith and with due care
and diligence by the Independent Adjudicator_** pursuant to the provisions of
the Scheme or in the exercise or performance of any power, right, duty or
function conferred upon him under the Scheme and **the Independent Adjudicator
shall not be liable for any loss _unless_ any such loss is attributable to his
own negligence, wilful default, wilful breach of duty or trust, fraud or
dishonesty.**

31 OIC argued that the above paragraphs do not prohibit a challenge to the
IA’s determination based on a lack of due care and diligence. According to
OIC, the IA in this case was performing an “adjudicating” role whereby he was
not only obliged to consider the correct question as an expert in an expert
determination ought to, but to also take into account the arguments of various
parties, consider the burden of proof on each party and assess the credibility
of each position taken by parties. OIC submitted that “adjudication” in this
regard was more akin to a process of arbitration than an expert determination.

32 I have no difficulty in dismissing those arguments of OIC. I do not agree
that the IA’s particular role and functions in this case are more in the
nature of an arbitrator than an expert determiner. In my view, parties to the
Scheme had envisaged that the mode of dispute resolution to be that of an
expert determination, and not an amorphous concept of “adjudication” that
straddled somewhere between arbitration and expert determination along the
spectrum of alternative dispute resolution.

33 Paragraphs 4.4 and 9.3 of the Scheme are also framed widely so that the
expert is given considerable flexibility and latitude to apply his own
expertise to address the problem at hand, assess and quantify the Scheme claim
and determine the dispute submitted to him: see _Evergreat_ (_supra_ [27]) at
[35]. These features are typical of expert determinations.

34 Whilst the Scheme provides for a procedure for the parties to tender
written submissions and attend hearings before the IA, the IA is not confined
to accept or adopt either one of the methodologies advocated by the parties in
their submissions or by the experts who had given expert evidence on behalf of
the parties. The IA can still rely on his own experience and special expertise
to reach his own independent conclusions and decisions (which can be very
different from either of the parties’ positions or the positions of the
experts called by the parties), subject of course to the terms of reference
and the instructions for the expert determination which the IA is obliged to
act within at all times.

35 The name given of “Independent Adjudicator” in the Scheme does not
necessarily mean that he is not an expert determiner in an expert
determination but that the process must be one of “adjudication” where he
ought not to rely at all on his own expertise and experience but is confined
exclusively to the evidence (expert and factual) led by the parties.

36 The fact that paragraph 4 of Schedule 2 of the Scheme requires the IA
firstly, under sub-paragraph (i) to call the various parties to provide
written submissions on their respective valuations on the amount of their
Scheme claims which may include any expert evidence supported by relevant
documentation; and secondly, to hear oral representations which parties in the
dispute will be allowed to make under sub-paragraph (iii), is, in my view, not
inconsistent with an expert determination, as these party representations
assisted by other experts usually help the IA to better understand the various
issues that have been entrusted to him as the chosen expert to finally
determine the dispute between the parties. As aptly stated at [12.6.1] in John
Kendall, Clive Freedman & James Farrell, _Expert Determination_ (4th Ed, 2008)
(“ _Kendall_ ”):

Even though some expert clauses do not specifically reserve the right of the
parties to make submissions or representations to the expert, the expert will
usually want to receive submissions or presentations of some kind to help to
understand the issue that has to be determined. The expert will in most cases
want each party to send in a written submission accompanied by copies of the
documents referred to or relied on in the submission.

37 Under the Scheme, the IA is not required to issue a reasoned decision for
his determination. In fact, he is obliged to issue a non-speaking
determination, which will naturally make any examination of his reasoning next
to impossible if he does not in fact provide any reasons but simply states a
final figure in his determination. In Schedule 2 of the Scheme, the following
is provided:

4(vi) The Independent Adjudicator shall issue a _non-speaking_ _determination_
in writing in relation to the issues in dispute (“Written Determination”) ….

38 That the IA shall issue a **_non-speaking_** determination means that no
reasons may be given by the IA for his decision (see _Kendall_ (_supra_ [36])
at [14.6.1]) which clearly indicates to me that the parties have contractually
agreed to accept that the determination shall be exclusively determined by the
expert IA with the intention to severely restrict any supervisory jurisdiction
that the courts may have over the IA’s decision making process. The expert IA
cannot be legally compelled to give reasons unless it is clearly stipulated in
his terms of reference and engagement that he has to give reasons for his
determination. A non-speaking award is one feature, though by no means
conclusive of the character of the determination by the IA being that of an
expert determination than an arbitral determination. If it were intended that
the determination be subject to close supervisory jurisdiction by the courts,
then the contractual scheme agreed to by the parties would certainly not have
specifically required the IA to issue a non-speaking determination. This
feature contractually adopted by the parties for the IA’s determination points
once again to the process being an expert determination.

39 I accept the submission of RNA that the wide extent of personal and
subjective discretion given to the IA in the Scheme, without being hindered by
procedural and evidential niceties, is another piece fitting the jigsaw puzzle
that the IA is engaged to act as an expert determiner. What V K Rajah J had
enunciated at [35] in _Evergreat_ (_supra_ [27]) is particularly apposite:

35 At the end of the day, the modern distinction between an expert and
arbitrator does not lie purely in whether the office holder is performing a
judicial, quasi-judicial or purely discretionary function. The essential
difference is in the duties and/or functions the terms of appointment impose
on an appointee. The labelling of an appointment as “arbitrator” or “expert”
is not in itself always conclusive. It is the precise contractual arrangement
and the ensuing obligations of the office holder that is, in the final
analysis, paramount. Is he obliged to act solely on the evidence before him
and the submissions made to him or does he have a discretion to adopt an
inquisitorial function? Does he have complete discretion over the applicable
rules of procedure? **_If he has the sole discretion to arrive at his
determination without being hamstrung by procedural and evidential intricacies
or niceties, it is most unlikely that the court will view the proceedings to
be arbitration proceedings. An expert is permitted to inject into the process
his personal expertise and to make his own inquiries without any obligation to
seek the parties’ views or consult them. An expert is also not obliged to make
a decision on the basis of the evidence presented to him. He can act on his
subjective opinion; that is the acid test_**. [emphasis added]

40 The fact that the Scheme had been sanctioned by the court does not detract
from the fact that sanctity of contract lies at the heart of a scheme of
arrangement. In considering this very Scheme, the Court of Appeal in _Oriental
Insurance_ (_supra_ [16]) stated (at [67]):

There is also no reason why the Australian approach cannot embrace the legal
concept that a scheme of arrangement which is approved by all the creditors of
a company “is wholly a _contractual_ scheme”…; the court order sanctioning
such a scheme (_ie_ , a scheme which is approved by all of the company’s
creditors) can be seen, in essence, as a _consensual order_. Viewed in this
light, the sanctity of contract which lies at the heart of a scheme that has
been duly approved by the company’s creditors or members is preserved.

41 Besides, there are several other indicators that parties to the Scheme had
consensually and contractually adopted the expert determination mode of
alternative dispute resolution. First, it bears noting that RNA is a
reinsurance company and the participants in the Scheme are mainly insurance
companies. The insurance and reinsurance arrangements between the parties are
highly technical and specialised. Accordingly, the IA, Mr Law Song Keng, had
been specially selected for his expertise and experience as an established and
respected figure in the insurance industry to resolve an insurance dispute
amongst the insurers and their re-insurer, RNA. From this, it indicates that
the IA was chosen to act more as an expert than an arbitrator under the
Scheme. As noted by _Kendall_ (_supra_ [36]) at [1.1.1], experts are usually
chosen for their expertise, knowledge and experience in the subject and issue
between the parties:

Expert determination is a means by which the parties to a contract jointly
instruct a third party to decide an issue between them. The third party is now
commonly known as an expert, and is a person who has usually been chosen for
expertise in the issue between the parties.

42 The finality and binding nature of the decision of the IA which cannot be
appealed from to the courts or be submitted to arbitration is a further
indication that the nature of the dispute resolution process chosen is not one
of arbitration but more an expert determination. The relevant paragraphs
expressly providing for the finality of the IA’s determination and the
exclusion of appeals to the courts are at [14] and [15] above.

43 Accordingly, from the totality of the features enumerated above, I find
that the process of dispute resolution by the IA under the Scheme is neither
litigation nor arbitration but is broadly a process of expert determination
with an express caveat that the IA “ _shall act in good faith and with due
care and diligence in the interests of the Scheme Creditors as a whole_ ”,
which does not in the main take it outside the domain of an expert
determination. The fact that the parties may have contractually imposed a duty
on the expert to act with due care and diligence in his determination does
not, in my judgment, modify the process so drastically to turn it into
anything that is substantially different from an expert determination.
Although this requirement for the IA to act with due care and diligence does
widen slightly the scope of review by the courts, I do not believe it changes
the basic character of the expert determination process to be undertaken by
the IA in the Scheme as a whole, which the parties have consensually and
contractually agreed to. Hence, the general principles of review by the courts
for expert determinations remain applicable to the Scheme at hand.

44 I thus accept the submission of RNA that in answering the correct question
of quantification of the Scheme claim, the IA is not acting as a judge or an
adjudicator. He is performing the role of an expert, which does not involve
pure law, but the application of prudent and sound business and insurance
judgment, in order to estimate the appropriate amount RNA should pay OIC on
account of its contingent claim against RNA under the reinsurance contract,
which I believe however must be valued at the **_Scheme specified_**
_**valuation date**_ rather than the cut-off date. The width of the question
formulated for the IA -- to determine the amount of the Scheme claim as at the
valuation date, but without any set methodology or other constraints put on
the IA apart from having to act in good faith and with due care and diligence
in his determination -- implies that the adjudication process adopted and
agreed by the parties is that of expert determination.

45 I shall address, later in this judgment, the implications of a valuation by
the IA of the contingent claim at the cut-off date instead of the Scheme
specified valuation date (see [67] to [82]) on:

(a) whether the IA materially failed to act in accordance with his
instructions;

(b) whether there was a manifest error in the IA’s determination; and

(c) whether the IA acted without due care and diligence.

At a later part of my judgment at [207] to [222], I shall also deal with the
legal effect and impact of the additional requirement and duty on the IA to
act with “due care and diligence” on the extent of the reviewability of the
expert determination process by the court.

46 Once it is clear that the principal mode of dispute resolution on the facts
of this case is an expert determination, the immediate focus turns next to the
available legal grounds upon which the IA’s determination can be set aside by
the court.

Challenging an expert’s determination

47 Under what circumstances can the expert’s determination be challenged
before the court in the case of a court-sanctioned contractual Scheme? From a
review of the authorities below at [48] to [90], I conclude that short of
fraud, corruption, collusion, dishonesty, bad faith, bias or the like, the
only two main grounds on which this court can set aside the IA’s determination
are as follows:

(a) where the IA materially departed from his instructions; or

(b) where there is a manifest error in his determination that justly requires
judicial intervention.

See _Riduan bin Yusof v Khng Thian Huat_ [2005] 2 SLR 188 (“ _Riduan_ ”); _Tan
Yeow Khoon v Tan Yeow Tat_ [2003] 3 SLR 486 (“ _Tan Yeow Khoon_ ”); _Geowin
Construction Pte Ltd (in liquidation) v Management Corporation Strata Title No
1256_ [2007] 1 SLR 1004 (“ _Geowin_ ”) and _Evergreat_ (_supra_ [27]). As
mentioned above, OIC was relying on both grounds.

Material departure from instructions

48 Both counsel cited the following passage from the English Court of Appeal
decision in _Jones v Sherwood Computer Services Plc_ [1992] 1 WLR 277 at 287:

On principle, the first step must be to see what the parties have agreed to
remit to the expert, this being as Lord Denning MR said in _Campbell v
Edwards_ [1976] 1 W.L.R 403, 407G, a matter of contract. The next step must be
to see what the nature of the mistake was if there is evidence to show that.
If the mistake made was that **_the expert departed from his instructions in a
material respect_** – e.g. if he valued the wrong number of shares, or valued
shares in the wrong company, or if, as in _Jones (M) v Jones (R.R)_ [1971] ,
the expert had valued machinery himself whereas his instructions were to
employ an expert valuer of his choice to do that – either party would be able
to say that the certificate was not binding because the expert had not done
what he was appointed to do so. (emphasis added.)

49 In _Jones (M.) v. Jones (R.R.)_ [1971] 1 W.L.R. 840 (“ _Jones v Jones_ ”)
where the valuer had valued the shares in a company on a break-up basis when
he should have used a going concern basis, and as regards certain machinery
which the contract required to be valued by an expert valuer selected by him,
he had instead valued it himself, Justice Ungoed-Thomas emphasised at p 856
that:

The authorities thus to my mind establish that, if a valuation is erroneous in
principle it is vitiated and cannot be relied upon **_even though it is not
established that the valuation figure is wrong. [_** emphasis added]

50 In _Evergreat_ (_supra_ [27]), V K Rajah J reviewed the authorities and
said:

27 ……The starting point for the modern statement on the law relating to
experts is to be found in _Campbell v Edwards_ [1976] 1 WLR 403, where Lord
Denning MR opined at 407:

It is simply the law of contract. If two persons agree that the price of
property should be fixed by [an expert] on whom they agree, and he gives that
valuation honestly and in good faith, they are bound by it. _Even if he has
made a mistake they are still bound by it. The reason is because they have
agreed to be bound by it_. If there were fraud or collusion, of course, it
would be very different. Fraud or collusion unravels everything. [emphasis
added]

28 In Baber v Kenwood Manufacturing Co Ltd and Whinney Murray & Co [1978] 1
Lloyd’s Rep 175 Lawton LJ said at 181:

They [the auditors] were to be experts. Now experts can be wrong; they can be
muddle-headed; and, unfortunately, on occasions they can give their opinions
negligently. Anyone who agrees to accept the opinion of an expert accepts the
risk of these sorts of misfortunes happening. What is not acceptable is the
risk of the expert being dishonest or corrupt.

29 In the absence of fraud or any corrupt colouring of the IA’s determination,
there is neither liberty nor latitude to interfere with or rewrite the
parties’ solemn and considered contractual bargain, see [5]. It is quite
inappropriate for a court to substitute its own view on the merits when the
parties have already agreed to rely on the expertise of an expert for a final
and irrevocable determination.

…..

41 T** _he crux of the matter is that if the parties agree to appoint an
expert to resolve a dispute, his report or award cannot be challenged unless
the expert has departed from his instructions in some material respect._**
[emphasis added]

51 The degree of the materiality of the departure from instructions must be
considered in the light of the terms of reference or the particular engagement
contract of the expert appointed for determining the dispute of the parties.
Sometimes, the contract lays down a carefully regulated procedure and sets out
in detail how the expert is to carry out his work. But when his departure from
instructions or non-compliance with the terms of the determination first comes
to light, which may be the first formal document produced by the expert after
the departure or non-compliance has occurred, the ultimate effect of that on
the parties’ position may not be known at that time, or even capable of being
forecast with any accuracy, and hence it cannot be necessary or possible to
wait until the outcome or effect of the departure or non-compliance is known
before being able to decide whether it is sufficiently material to vitiate the
expert’s act. As Justice Lloyd in _Shell U.K. v. Enterprise Oil_ [1999] 2
Lloyd’s Law Reports 456 (“ _Shell U.K_.”) stated at [97] and [98]:

97\. …..It is therefore a question of assessing materiality by reference not
to whether it actually affects the ultimate result, but according to its
potential effect on the result and, perhaps even more importantly, on the
process, including the ability of the parties to manage and deal with the
procedure in accordance with the contract.

98\. I should also say that, **_if the expert has committed a material breach
of instructions, then as a matter of law the relevant act is not binding on
any parties,_** leaving aside of course the effect of their subsequent acts.
It is not a point on which the Court has discretion whether or not to allow
the expert’s act to stand. I do not consider that Mr Justice Lightman intended
to suggest that there was such a discretion when summarizing the law on
_British Shipbuilders v VSEL Consortium plc_ ,[1997] 1 Lloyds Rep. 106 at p
109 even though he said that the Court “may” set the decision aside. That he
did not mean to indicate that it was a discretionary issue appears in any
event from the next following sentence. The relevant passage is this:

If the expert in… his determination fails to comply with any conditions which
the agreement requires him to comply with in making his determination, the
Court may intervene and set his decision aside. Such determination by the
expert as a matter of construction of the agreement is not a determination
which the parties agreed should affect the rights and duties of the parties
and the court will say so. [emphasis added]

52 The court in _Shell U.K._ set aside the determination, which was held to
have been vitiated by the expert’s use, in breach of the expert’s contract, of
the wrong computer mapping package CPS-3 for mapping the contours of strata of
rock under the seabed, and was therefore not contractually effective under the
agreed procedure set out in the parties’ agreement which called for the use of
Z-Map Plus. Potentially, different results could emerge from applying the two
mapping packages to the same seismic data because the two mapping packages
contained functions or algorithms, which were not exactly common to both. The
court examined the question of whether the use of the wrong mapping package
invalidated the expert’s work or deprived it, by itself, of contractual effect
and decided that it did: _Shell U.K_. at [90].

53 At [14.5.8], _Kendall_ (_supra_ [36]) collated some examples of material
departures from instructions:

A fundamental mistake may be one illustration of a material departure from
instructions. However, other grounds of material departure from instructions
can also provide grounds for challenge, such as an expert failing to use the
specified method for testing a cargo of oil, an expert using a different
computer mapping package from the one specified in the agreement, an expert
valuing machinery when the instructions are to choose and appoint someone else
to do the work, or an expert only carrying out part of the task entrusted to
him.

54 The materiality of an expert’s departure from instructions would
undoubtedly depend on the relevant facts and circumstances of each case, and
it is to the facts of the present case which we must now turn to understand
the nature of the Scheme and the role played by the IA. As a general
proposition, so long the expert has answered the question put to him; his
determination is binding even if he may have answered it wrongly. As V K Rajah
J said at [34] in _Evergreat_ (_supra_ [27]):

An expert’s decision can be set aside on the basis of fraud or partiality.
Beyond that it is probably correct to say that only a breach of an expert’s
terms of appointment would suffice to set aside his decision. Errors of fact
or law will not vitiate an award if the expert acts within his contractual
mandate.

55 Similarly, in _Nikko Hotels (UK) Ltd v MEPC Plc_ [1991] 28 EG 86 it was
held that:

The result, in my judgment, is that if parties agree to refer to the final and
conclusive judgment of an expert an issue which either consists of a question
of construction or necessarily involves the solution of a question of
construction, the expert’s decision will be final and conclusive and,
therefore, not open to review or treatment by the courts as a nullity on the
ground that the expert’s decision on construction was erroneous in law, unless
it can be shown that the expert has not performed the task assigned to him.
**_If he has answered the right question in the wrong way his decision will
nevertheless be binding. If he has answered the wrong question, his decision
will be a nullity_**. [emphasis added]

56 Paul Baker Q.C. said in _Pontsarn Investments Ltd v Kansallis-Osake-Pankki_
[1992] 1 E.C.L. R. 148 at 151L-M:

The fact that he may be patently wrong does not mean that he has not done what
he was appointed to do nor that he has asked himself the wrong question. To
take any other view would lead to the sort of refined arguments such as have
been deployed here and go a long way to emasculate the requirement that the
decision of the expert, as a matter of contract between the parties, be final
and binding. Thus, the advantage of cost, speed and finality would be
seriously diminished.

57 As to when a departure is considered material, Simon Brown LJ in _Veba Oil
Supply & Trading GmbH v Petrotrade Inc_ [2002] 1 All ER 703 (“ _Veba Oil_ ”)
gave his views as follows at [26]:

As Lord Denning MR explained in _Campbell v Edwards_ , if an expert makes a
mistake whilst carrying his instructions, the parties are nevertheless bound
by it for the very good reason that they have agreed to be bound by it. Where,
however, the expert departs from his instructions, the position is very
different: in those circumstances the parties have not agreed to be bound. …
The **_test of materiality_** devised for identifying vitiating mistakes does
not carry across to the quite separate field of departures from instructions.
This seems to me so both as a matter of principle and of authority. … **_Once
a material departure from instructions is established, the court is not
concerned with its effect on the result_** _. ..**Given that a material
departure vitiates the determination whether or not it affects the result, it
could hardly be the effect on the result which determines the materiality of
the departure in the first place**._ Rather I would hold **_any departure to
be material unless it can truly be characterised as trivial or de minimis in
the sense of it being obvious that it could make no possible difference to
either party._** [emphasis added]

Tuckey LJ agreed with the test propounded by Simon Brown LJ above (in bold and
underlined) because it was more certain and direct. Tuckey LJ added at [39]
that in any event the court would obviously need to consider the subject
matter and the express terms of the contract, the nature of the departure and
any other relevant facts.

**_Scheme instructions to the IA_**

58 RNA had ceased to write new risks and was already running down its business
prior to the Scheme. The object of the Scheme, as set out in paragraph 2.1 of
the Scheme, was to accelerate that process. To do so, the Scheme employed a
process of estimating all present and future claims (including contingent
claims) of RNA’s creditors before paying out on those claims. The process of
estimating and paying out on future contingent liabilities in exchange for
releasing RNA from these future ongoing liabilities to achieve a clean break
is known as “commutation”. The Reinsurance Division of Barlow, Lyde and
Gilbert, _Reinsurance Practice and The Law_ (1993) explained the process of
commutation in greater detail (at [20.6.2]):

In a true commutation … the reinsured will be paid a sum representing all
incurred losses (that is not only losses which he has actually paid but also
outstanding losses which have been notified to him and which he will in due
course become liable to pay), as well as an amount representing the parties’
best _estimate_ of the reinsured’s liability for losses incurred but not
reported (IBNRs). The reinsured will in turn pay to the reinsurer any
outstanding premiums which may be due. [emphasis added]

…

In consideration of the fact that the reinsured is being paid a lump sum to
commute the contract at an early date, rather than waiting to receive claims
payments as and when underlying losses are paid, the parties will probably
agree that the sum paid by the reinsurer to commute his liabilities under
contract will be discounted by an amount reflecting an estimate in the decline
of the value of money because of inflation, current and projected interest
rates, and other similar factors.

59 The complaint of OIC was that the formulation of the issue by the IA
materially departed from the Scheme. The question which the IA set out to
answer in his determination was expressed thus by him: _“[M]y assessment of
the Disputed Scheme Claim from OIC will be based on** _how a prudent insurer
would_** **_assess the claims it receives from its insureds_** …_” OIC
strenuously argued that the IA had asked himself the wrong question. What the
IA ought to have done instead was to estimate the liability owed by RNA to OIC
on the account of the proceedings in India by considering the strengths and
weaknesses of RIL’s claim in the Surat court. At the hearing, I directed
counsel for OIC to phrase the right question which counsel said the IA should
be asking himself. Counsel submitted the IA should have stated: _“[M]y
assessment of the Disputed Scheme Claim from OIC will be based on** _how much
RNA should pay OIC in respect of its contract to indemnify OIC against the
claim by RIL, currently being prosecuted in the High Court of Surat_**_**
_._** ” In other words, the correct question should have been “ _What was
OIC’s likely liability in the Surat action: the subject matter of RNA’s
indemnity under the contract of reinsurance_?” (See para 108 of OIC’s
submissions dated 2 Oct 2008.)

60 To recapitulate, the Scheme claim was RNA’s obligation to OIC on account of
RNA’s 38.35% share of the potential full liability that OIC was legally and
ultimately exposed to, which the Surat court has yet to determine and award on
some future judgment date (with full **_pre-judgment_** interest running from
the date of loss till date of judgment and with further **_post-judgment_**
interest from date of judgment till the date of actual payment) which total
judgment sum (principal judgment sum plus interest) is at the moment
prospective and unliquidated, for which the IA is tasked to ascertain.

61 I cannot see how counsel’s question is materially different from what the
IA had set out in his reasoned determination. The IA had said that he was
going to assess the claims he had received from RNA, and in the next paragraph
(at p 7 of the IA’s determination) the IA had in fact set out RIL’s claim in
detail to show exactly what he was valuing and assessing as follows:

OIC has submitted a Scheme Claim based totally on RIL’s claim against OIC as
filed in the Surat Court, India. The total amount claimed by RIL is
USD24,251,833.74 plus interest of USD38,064,083.60 plus a continuing interest
per year of USD5,092,885.09 from 15 May 2007 till settlement. OIC reinsured
93.35% of the accepted risks to reinsurers. OIC’s Scheme Claim, which
represent RNA’s 38.35% share of the risks accepted by OIC, is USD9,300,578.24
plus interest of USD14,597,576.06 plus continuing interest per year of
**_USD23,898,154.30_**. See Annexes 1 and 2.

(My observation: There is an error in what the IA had stated was RNA’s
continuing interest claim per year of US$23,898,154.30 (in bold and underlined
above for easy reference). The correct amount for the continuing interest per
year should have been **_US$1,953,121.43._** The IA extracted the wrong figure
from the Proof of Debt Form at Annex 2 of his determination. However, I noted
that this did not affect the IA’s assessment of the value of RNA’s claim.)

62 Clearly, the IA was answering the very question which OIC said the IA
should be addressing. The IA was paying full attention to the extent of the
claim that was filed in the Surat court in India. It was obvious to me that
the IA was assessing that claim before the Surat court and valuing that
contingent liability specified in the Scheme as a prudent insurer should. For
OIC to say that the IA had asked himself the wrong question in that the IA was
not valuing the claim by RIL currently being prosecuted in the High Court of
Surat would be to ignore what the IA had clearly stated at p 7 of his
determination.

63 The most probative evidence to show that the IA was in fact valuing the
Scheme claim based on 38.35% of what the court in India would likely ascertain
as the judgment sum flowing from RIL’s claim in India was the IA’s adoption of
the interest rate of 13.5% per annum for the interest and discount
computations when valuing the Scheme claim of OIC: see p 22 of the IA’s
determination. The courts in Singapore certainly are not awarding interest
rates of that high order of magnitude for damages suffered from the date of
loss or date of writ to the date of judgment to compute the total amount of
pre-judgment interest to be included in the final judgment sum. The rate of
interest used by the Singapore courts was 6% p.a. for a considerable number of
years previously and only recently was that rate changed to 5.88% p.a. The IA
was in fact relying on the average of the in-trend interest rates of between
12% to 15% p.a. reported by OIC’s legal counsel in India to be reflective of
the typical rates of interest used by the courts in India for interest
computations up to the date of judgment. If the IA were indeed valuing RIL’s
claim based on local conditions in Singapore or based on the Scheme as
administered in Singapore with no consideration of what the Surat court might
award as the interest rate in order to arrive at the total judgment sum in
India as at the date of judgment, then the interest rate the IA should be
using would have been at 6% p.a. or thereabouts, and quite certainly no where
near the interest rate of 13.5% p.a. that the IA had in fact used. Second, the
IA all the while had in mind whether to allow the starting point of the
interest payment to commence “ _from date of court filing by RIL_ ” in India
or at some later date because of RIL’s contribution to the delays: see p 21 of
the IA’s determination. The date of the court filing in India can only be
relevant if the IA had in mind the valuation of RIL’s claim as filed in India
and with full regard to what the Surat court may award as the final judgment
sum (inclusive of pre-judgment interest on the principal amount of the loss
commencing also from the date of the writ provided RIL cannot be faulted in
anyway for delaying the court proceedings unreasonably). Otherwise, there
would be no need for the IA to consider when RIL had filed the writ in India
in order for the IA to ascertain the starting date on which the interest of
13.5% p.a. was to run.

64 In my view, OIC’s contention that the IA had asked himself the wrong
question was an unmeritorious one. The IA had carried out his mandate in
accordance with the Scheme, _viz_ to make a best estimate of the quantum of
OIC’s liability based on what the Surat court in India might likely award as
the total judgment sum (principal plus interest) on RIL’s claim. It was
significant that although the IA was not limited to any particular methodology
himself and neither was he compelled to take into account and adopt any
particular facts, nevertheless the record of the IA’s deliberations showed
that the IA was fully cognisant of the Surat proceedings and was clearly
mindful of the effect and relevance of those proceedings to the valuation of
OIC’s Scheme claim. In fact, the IA had specifically raised several queries
with OIC as follows (see the affidavit of Simon Neale Birch (“ _Birch_ ”)
dated 10 June 2008 at pp 239 and 242):

In submitting its Proof of Debt to the Scheme Manager, Oriental Insurance
(Oriental) has expressed that it anticipated the assured to prevail in Court
in its claim. What is the basis for such anticipation?

…

The Assured has sued both Oriental and the owners of the vessel “Emerald Sky”
which collided with the Buoy. If the Assured win its case in Surat Court
against both Oriental and the vessel owners, can it be expected that the cost
of the Assured’s claim against Oriental will be reduced to the extent the
Assured is already compensated by the vessel owners? Is the Assured’s claim
against Oriental fully included in its claim against the vessel owners? If
not, to what extent is it included?

OIC duly submitted a written reply to these queries. Accordingly, the IA had
considered the very issue which OIC now asserts the IA ought to have
considered. The IA cannot be faulted in this regard.

65 The IA had also listed the following issues which he said had been raised
in the case for his consideration:

(a) What should be expected of the claimant in complying with the terms and
conditions of an insurance contract for adjudication under the Scheme?

(b) What should be the approach used in ascertaining a Scheme claim submitted
by a primary insurer against its reinsurer when the insurer has been sued by
its insured in court for a claim involving the reinsurer and the case is still
pending?

(c) What should be the standard of proof of claim required of the Scheme
creditor in such a situation?

(d) What should be considered relevant factors and necessary conditions in
meeting this standard?

66 The IA was also fully aware of his duties (which included that of acting
with due care and diligence) and his responsibilities as the IA to estimate,
quantify and value the future liabilities of RNA to its Scheme creditors. The
IA said that he had observed principles of law pertaining to insurance
contracts, as well as industry best practices. In his determination he said:

This adjudication has to be done in accordance with the terms of the Scheme as
sanctioned by the Court. Although wide discretion is granted to the IA, the IA
is required to carry out his duty and responsibility in good faith and due
diligence and with complete independence.

Beside the Scheme, there are principles of law to follow, in particular as
they pertain to insurance contracts. And there are industry best practices for
insurance business to observe so far as the claim settlement process is
concerned. In practice, good judgement is often necessary to ensure the claim
settlement is fair and equitable to the parties concerned, given the
circumstances governing the case. As the IA, I intend to observe this
framework in this adjudication.

…

My assessment of the Disputed Scheme Claim from OIC will be based on how a
prudent insurer would assess the claims it receives from its insureds and
assuming that the insurer has a policy of fair treatment of its insureds in
the area of claims settlement.

**_Correct valuation date is 19 September 2006_**

67 Paragraph 4.4 of the Scheme states that “ _the amount of the Scheme Claim
of that Scheme Creditor shall be determined by the Independent Adjudicator_ ”.
This is the principal instruction to the IA. The Scheme defines “Scheme Claim”
to mean the total amount of RNA’s liabilities “as at the Valuation Date” to
that Scheme creditor (_i.e_. RIL in this case) under or in connection with any
insurance contract or reinsurance contract. The “Valuation Date” is then also
defined in the Scheme as follows:

**_Valuation Date_** means is (_sic_) shown as **_19 September 2006_** and
defined in the Scheme Claim definition as “the total amount of the Liabilities
(including any Liabilities that had been agreed between the Company and the
respective Scheme Creditor but had not paid prior to the Valuation Date)”.
[emphasis added]

68 Paragraph 2.2 in Schedule 1 “GUIDELINE TO IBNR METHODOLOGY” of the Scheme
further reinforces the irrefragable fact that the relevant date to value all
agreed claims, notified outstanding claims as well as IBNR claims is **_19
September 2006_** and not the cut-off date that the IA had adopted:

**2.2 Assessment of amounts due to each Scheme Creditor**

As part of the procedure for submitting claims under the Scheme, Scheme
Creditors will be asked to provide, on a Proof of Debt Form, **_agreed
claim_** and **_notified outstanding claim_** figures that they believe have
been advised to or are due from the Company **_as at 19 September 2006._**
Scheme Creditors will also be asked to provide their estimate of **_IBNR
claims_** , if any, on an _undiscounted_ basis (i.e. without taking account of
the time value of money) as **_at 19 September 2006._** [emphasis added]

69 The claims cut-off date of 14 May 2007 is only relevant in so far as it
sets the deadline to submit proofs of debt under the Scheme and to deem the
value of claims submitted after the cut-off date to be zero in value: see
paragraph 3 of the Scheme. The cut-off date therefore has no relevance
whatsoever to the reference date for assessing, quantifying or valuing the
Scheme claims that have been submitted prior to the cut-off date (and in this
case, also to OIC’s Scheme claim that was allowed to be submitted after the
cut-off date by the Court of Appeal).

70 It is no business of the court to enquire why the parties have chosen 19
September 2006 as the reference valuation date to value the Scheme claims and
not the cut-off date of 14 May 2007. The IA should be using the correct
valuation date as instructed.

71 I can without hesitation state that valuing the Scheme claim as at the cut-
off date of 14 May 2007 constitutes a material departure from instructions. On
a proper interpretation of the Scheme documents, it is beyond peradventure
that was not what the parties to the Scheme had intended and contractually
tasked the IA to perform. The parties had expressly directed the IA to value
the contingent liability as at the valuation date of 19 September 2006 in the
Scheme documents and at no other date. The Scheme documents admit of no other
possible reasonable interpretation of what is the relevant valuation date
contractually agreed by the parties under the Scheme. If this requirement to
use the valuation date as specified in the Scheme is not adhered to, it seems
to me that the determination must be set aside as a nullity. The IA can be
said to have asked himself the wrong question, and it is irrelevant that the
IA may have answered that wrong question correctly. That the valuation amount
ascertained may have been correct will not bring that IA’s valuation within
his mandate if he has answered the wrong question, which was never asked of
him in the first place.

72 Imagine for the moment as an analogy that a house purchaser is interested
in buying the house in 2008 and has asked a professional valuer to value a
particular house that he intends to purchase as at the year 2008. Suppose the
valuer decides instead to value the house as at a different year 1998 and he
subsequently provides the house purchaser with his valuation for 1998 and not
2008 as instructed by the house purchaser. I doubt very much that the house
purchaser will be happy to pay the valuer his valuation fees even though the
valuation of the house may have been accurate for 1998. Even if the valuation
amount for the correct year 2008 happens to turn out to be the same as what
the valuer had earlier given for the valuation for the year 1998 (_e.g_. where
the property market in 2008 has fallen to the same level as 1998), it is of
scant consolation to the house purchaser. I believe the house purchaser will
still reject that 1998 valuation because that was not what he had asked the
valuer to value.

73 A failure to adhere to instructions, by going beyond the IA’s mandate to
value a Scheme claim only as at the Scheme specified valuation date of 19
September 2006 and as at no other date, naturally results in a lack of
jurisdiction on the part of the IA. There is in principle no need for me to
consider if that act of materially departing from instructions also amounts to
a manifest error as that is a relevant question for consideration only if the
IA had acted within his mandate and had adhered to his instructions but
unfortunately had committed an error when answering the right questions asked
of him. If the departure from instructions **_assessed with respect to the
instructions_** (and not the ultimate outcome) is material, then the IA’s
determination must be set aside as it is a nullity.

74 Generally, the court will not proceed to determine whether the material
departure, once established, will affect the outcome or will affect the
outcome in a material way as an additional criterion to be satisfied before
setting aside the IA’s determination on the ground of a material departure
from instructions.

75 The authorities I have reviewed above (_Shell U.K_. (_supra_ [51]) at [97],
_Jones v Jones_ (_supra_ [49]) at p 856 and _Veba Oil_ (_supra_ [57]) at [26])
indicate that even if the material departure is shown not to affect the final
outcome or the final quantification, the IA’s determination nevertheless will
still have to be set aside as that was not the bargain entered into by the
parties. If the non-conformance with instructions also materially affects the
final outcome as in this case, then _a fortiori_ , it must be set aside. In
this case, I have ascertained that the use of the wrong valuation date has
also made a significant quantitative impact on the interest/discount
computations and has therefore affected the correct amount of the total award
(_i.e_. principal and interest) as can be see at [82].

76 However, counsel for both parties did not make submissions on this issue of
the correct date for valuation of the contingent liability of RNA to OIC.
Perhaps the parties, in particular OIC, may not have seen the relevance of the
point or may have overlooked it. OIC may not have realised that the IA had in
fact valued the contingent liability on the wrong date. The significance of
that mistake or its impact on the ultimate valuation of the total contingent
liability may have escaped OIC.

77 I do not wish to delay the delivery of this judgment by inviting counsel to
make further submissions to me on this point concerning the wrong valuation
date and the effect on the outcome as I am already able to set aside the final
award of US$3,840,584 on other grounds. Substantively, the IA will have the
opportunity to correct himself and save the time, effort and cost of the
parties in the process.

78 Unless it is positively shown that OIC is fully aware of the wrong
valuation date since the delivery of the IA’s determination, and unless OIC
has fully understood and appreciated what it means to value a contingent claim
as at a different date and has itself not been mistaken that the correct date
under the Scheme to determine the valuation is 19 September 2006 and not 14
May 2007, and unless OIC with such full knowledge, has taken no objection to
this, RNA cannot possibly argue now that OIC has made an informed concession
on this point or has affirmed it or should be held at law to have elected to
affirm the departure from instructions or the breach of the terms of reference
by the IA to value the Scheme claim on a different basis _i.e._ on a different
date from that specified in the Scheme. Here is a non-contractual tender of
performance by the IA who valued the Scheme claim on a date different from
what he was instructed. If with knowledge of the facts giving rise to a right
to reject that non-contractual performance and having an informed choice to do
so, OIC nevertheless unequivocally elects not to do so, its election shall be
final and binding upon it and it will be treated in law as having waived its
right to reject the tender of performance by the IA as non-contractual and a
material departure from instructions.

79 But it is too late for RNA to take the point that OIC had been content to
waive or affirm this material departure from instructions. Similarly, it is
too late for OIC now to argue that valuation on the wrong date is a material
departure from instructions and the determination a nullity. It would appear
that both parties had not realised or foreseen this point.

80 Since I have not notified counsel for the two parties of this issue and
have not invited them to submit on it, I do not consider it appropriate for
the purpose of this judgment (a) to set aside the IA’s determination on the
ground that the IA had materially departed from his instructions by assessing
the contingent liability with respect to the cut-off date (_i.e._ 14 May 2007)
and not the valuation date as prescribed in the Scheme (_i.e._ 19 September
2006); and (b) to remit to the IA for his re-determination because this
material departure from instructions had made his earlier determination a
nullity. Having given both counsel no opportunity to argue this issue, it will
also be a breach of natural justice and wrong of me simply to set aside the
whole determination on the ground that the IA had valued OIC’s Scheme claim on
a date different from what was instructed of him and which in this case has
also very materially affected the outcome as can be seen in [82] below.

81 However, since I am already remitting the case to the IA for his re-
determination of the valuation on another ground of “manifest error” (see
[223]), the IA can use this second chance to remedy at the same time, the
fundamental error of the wrong valuation date which goes to his jurisdiction
and mandate. On a practical level, I think this will avoid a lot of
inconvenience, wasted time, effort and cost, if this matter is brought to the
attention of the IA. If the IA does not address this issue of the wrong
valuation date in his re-determination, another costly and time consuming
reference to the court to review the IA’s decision may again arise. Not only
will the court’s resources be unnecessarily expended on reviewing the IA’s
decision a second time, so will the parties’ resources in making or resisting
the second review application. It is for these very reasons that I have taken
the trouble in this judgment to provide detailed guidance on this issue and
also on several other issues pertaining to the discount and the post-award
interest, and at the same time, to demonstrate the extent of the impact on the
final valuation sum arising out of the fundamental deviation from the
specified valuation date. In the two Annexes to this judgment, I have shown
how the discount calculations and a re-valuation to the correct valuation date
can be readily done. Fortunately in this case, any difference in the exchange
rate of US$ to INR between the two dates – 19 September 2006 and 14 May 2007
-- does not affect the IA’s computation of the principal sum of US$3,176,168
(before interest) because the experts, IMODCO and Dolan, had quoted the
estimated repair costs in US$ and not in INR, and the IA had used those
estimated repair costs quoted in US$ to make an assessment of the repair costs
in US$ in his determination. Had the estimated repair costs been provided in
INR by IMODCO and Dolan, then adjustments would have to be made to the
principal sum on account of the exchange rate differences between the two
dates.

82 Based on the **_same_** principal sum of the repair costs at US$3,176,168
(before interest) as ascertained by the IA, the difference in the valuation
results based on my calculations (in the two Annexes) is significant: it
amounts to US$5,615,453 (Valuation as at 14 May 2007, the cut-off date) –
US$5,160,890 (Valuation as at 19 September 2006, the Scheme specified
valuation date) = **_US$454,563._**

Difference between material departure from instructions and manifest errors

83 What is the difference between a material departure from instructions and a
manifest error in an expert determination and what are the legal consequences
flowing from each of them? Simon Brown LJ in _Veba Oil_ (_supra_ [57])
succinctly differentiated between an error/mistake and a departure from
instructions at [26]:

26…(i) A mistake is one thing; a departure from instructions quite another. A
mistake is made when an expert goes wrong in the course of carrying out his
instructions. The difference between that and an expert not carrying out his
instructions is obvious.

84 Once it is shown to be a case of a material departure from instructions, it
is immaterial whether or not the result is affected in a significant way by
that departure. The determination must be set aside. Unless the departure can
truly be characterised as trivial or _de minimis_ **_when analysed with
respect to the instructions_** (and not so much with respect to the quantum or
the end result of the final determination), a departure from instructions must
generally be regarded as material, and that end result, even if shown not to
be significantly different, must accordingly still be set aside as it is a
nullity and not binding. Hence, once there is a material departure from
instructions, there is generally no need to consider if that material
departure constitutes at the same time a manifest error, or as in this case,
also whether it amounted to an act of the IA that is lacking in due care and
attention. The expert determination is simply no longer binding as the court
in _Veba Oil_ (_supra_ [57]) had observed as follows at [34]:

If, of course, the error consists of a departure from instructions, then, … it
will never be necessary to ask whether in addition that error amounts to a
‘manifest error’: it will vitiate the determination in any event.

85 Apart from fraud, corruption, collusion, dishonesty, bad faith, partiality
and the like, an expert who does not decide the actual issues referred to him
in accordance with his terms of reference or his instructions will have made a
decision outside his mandate and jurisdiction and his decision is a nullity.
But if he does so, then his decision is binding even if he made errors
provided those errors do not amount to **_manifest_** errors. Where the expert
has not carried out the determination according to the specified methodology
(_e.g._ in testing, sampling or valuing as at a specified date), then he has
not done his job in accordance with his instructions and hence the parties
have not agreed to be bound by the result. This is far more fundamental than a
failure in relation to a procedural matter, which is ancillary to the
determination itself. Hence, a material departure from instructions affects
the very nature of the assessment which he, as the expert determiner, has been
entrusted with and is supposed to have carried out. This is no longer a case
of answering the right question in the wrong way because the expert has
effectively performed a task different from what the parties had asked him to
do. He has failed to act within his terms of reference and do what he was
appointed to do. Even if the departure from instructions were to have no
impact on the ultimate outcome, it must still be set aside when it is a
material failure to follow instructions. The materiality here is evaluated
with respect to the instructions, mandate, the contractual terms of the
expert’s engagement for the expert determination and the terms of reference as
set out in that agreement. Of course, if the non-conformance with instructions
has also materially affected the final outcome as in this case, then _a
fortiori_ , it must be set aside.

86 On the other hand, in determining whether a manifest error has occurred,
the materiality and impact of the error in answering the right question in the
wrong way on the ultimate outcome will become relevant, unlike a case
involving a material departure from instructions. If the impact on the final
outcome is trivial, then the court will have the discretion not to set aside
the award for a manifest mistake or error that leads to no significant
difference in the outcome. Where any outcome is materially impacted by a
manifest error, then there will be prejudice to the party adversely affected
by that error and the normal course is to remit the matter to the expert
determiner for a re-determination and to correct the manifest error
accordingly.

Manifest errors

87 The Court of Appeal in _Riduan_ (_supra_ [47]) had accepted Choo Han Teck
J’s holding in _Tan Yeow Khoon_ (_supra_ [47]) that a party may challenge an
expert’s valuation if “there is a manifest error that justly requires judicial
intervention.” This notion of “manifest error” has also been interpreted by V
K Rajah J in _Geowin_ (_supra_ [47]) at [16] – [18] to be “a patent error on
the ‘face’ of the award or decision” where the court “does not stray beyond
the actual report or award in considering how or why the decision was
reached.” After reviewing several Commonwealth authorities, V K Rajah J
further opined (at [17] and [19]) that:

17 The courts in England and Australia have consistently taken the view that
in such situations, even if an expert is wrong or muddle-headed the parties
cannot complain (see [7] above). The real reason for this stance is that the
parties have contractually agreed to accept the decision of the expert – _a
fortiori_ if it is expressly provided that the decision of the expert is to be
“final”. The courts have, however, reserved the right to “correct” an expert’s
decision in a speaking award if it can be shown to be the result of an error
on the face of the award. Lord Denning MR in _Campbell v Edwards_ , at 407,
made the following incisive observations:

It may be that if a valuer gives a speaking valuation – if he gives his
reasons or his calculations – and you can show _on the face of them_ that they
are wrong it might be upset. But this is not such a case. Chestertons simply
gave the figure. Having given it honestly, it is binding on the parties. _It
is no good for either party to say that it is incorrect_. [emphasis added]

…

19 If the parties agree that an expert’s decision is final, a court should not
inquire (in the absence of a charge of fraud or collusion):

(a) how a decision has been reached;

(b) into the basis for the decision; or

(c) whether the decision was indeed correct.

To do so would be entirely contrary to the parties’ contractual intentions to
be bound by an expert’s decision – particularly if the agreement itself
expressly stipulates that the decision of the expert is final. I respectfully
concur with Lord Denning MR’s view in _Campbell v Edwards_ ([16] _supra_) that
the only errors that can be corrected by the court are those that appear on
the “face” of the award or report (see at [17] above). In the context of a
speaking award, the court should not stray beyond the actual report or award
in considering how or why the decision was reached. The underlying evidence
ought not to be re-examined or referred to as this would be tantamount to an
appellate hearing and to that extent contrary to what the parties had solemnly
agreed to. The right of review should be confined to correcting apparent
mistakes that appear on the face of the report or award (_eg_ _apparent
mathematical miscalculations_) and to determining whether the expert has
complied with his terms of appointment.

88 On the facts of this case, fortunately the IA gave a reasoned determination
and even included the relevant important documentary evidence as part of his
written determination which then enabled me to see more clearly and better
understand, both from the IA’s reasoned determination and the attached
documentary evidence forming part of his written determination, as to where
and how the manifest errors as contended by OIC could have arisen.

89 What if the manifest error is not detectable unless the underlying evidence
is referred to? What if the parties themselves put forward the underlying
evidence before the court for consideration? Should the court completely
ignore such underlying evidence? Is such evidence also not a part of the
“record” simply because they are not attached to the expert determination?
Must the court confine itself only to the four corners of the written expert
determination when reviewing that determination on the question of a manifest
error? In this case, I had no alternative but to depart respectfully from what
Rajah J had said in relation to not examining the underlying evidence at all,
as I would not have been able to understand fully how the IA had determined
the case and follow his reasoning if I could not examine the insurance
policies, the provisions in the Scheme documents and various other exhibits in
the affidavits filed in support of the case, which included many of the
documents/letters constituting the underlying evidence that were earlier
placed before the IA.

90 At [33], the court in _Veba Oil_ (_supra_ [57]) considered what else could
constitute “manifest errors”:

33 ….I would extend the 'definition' of manifest errors as follows:
"oversights and blunders so obvious _and obviously capable of affecting the
determination as to admit of no difference of opinion_ ”. [emphasis added]

Hence, manifest errors include errors which are “obviously capable of
affecting the outcome of the determination” and “admit of no difference of
opinion”. Usual errors that qualify as manifest errors are mathematical
miscalculations in the determination _e.g._ 2 + 2 = 5.

91 OIC raised two areas where alleged manifest errors had been made in this
case: (i) the IA’s ruling that the SPM was not a CTL as defined under the
insurance contract between OIC and RIL; and (ii) the IA’s basis for awarding
interest for 4.5 years, discounting it by 3 years and allowing only 1.5 years
of interest. I shall now deal with them.

**_Constructive Total Loss: CTL_**

92 In determining whether there was a CTL, the IA was required to determine
whether the cost of repairing the SPM would exceed the agreed insured value.
For this purpose, the IA considered the following expert reports:

(a) Loss adjusters, Matthews Daniels;

(b) IMODCO, the manufacturer of the SPM;

(c) James Dolan, maritime expert;

(d) James Petts, maritime expert;

(e) America Bureau of Shipping; and

(f) Various ship repairers invited by RIL to tender for repairs.

93 After reading the various reports from the experts as set out in the award,
it became clear why the experts had to make various assumptions because the
SPM, and the Multi-Production Distribution Unit (“MPDU”) and the Rotating
Assembly within, had not been stripped down for tests, inspection and detailed
evaluation of the extent of the damage to the interior of the SPM and the
MPDU. Due to the incomplete information available, only preliminary cost
estimates were given in US dollars with various assumptions and qualifications
made on the reparability of the SPM. This lack of full information spawned the
many divergent and differing views and opinions from the various experts, each
making their own assumptions and qualifications which resulted in widely
differing estimates of repair costs and differing views on the economic
viability of repairing the SPM to a comparable condition to that existing
prior to the incident.

94 The IA rightly observed in his determination that there were many views and
opinions rendered before him on the question whether the SPM was a CTL, but
they did not all carry the same weight. The IA decided to rely on the reports
of IMODCO because it was the original manufacturer of the SPM and that of
James Dolan because of his outstanding credentials and experience and the fact
that Dolan had carried out a complete visual inspection of the SPM including
the chambers and produced the field survey detailing the damages and his
recommendations for repair together with the repair specifications for the
repairer to comply. Having regard to the cogent reasons given, the IA cannot
be faulted for relying only on these two main sources for his broad estimate
of the repair costs. The IA assessed the repair costs of the SPM by taking the
average of four repair estimates, each based on different assumptions and
permutations on how the repair should be done, which it is not necessary to
set out here. The four estimates comprised of two from Dolan (_i.e._
US$3,484,864***and US$4,635,346) and two from IMODCO (_i.e._ US$12,178,983 and
US$13,122,428). The IA then compared that average of the 4 values (_i.e._
US$8,355,405) against the agreed insured value of INR517,500,000**(_i.e._
US$12,652,812 based on the exchange rate of US$1 = INR40.9 as at 14 May 2007
for the agreed insured value of INR 517,500,000) and concluded that the SPM
was not a CTL. After allowing for the deductible of INR3,000,000**(or
US$73,350 at the same exchange rate of US$1 = INR40.9) for any one accident or
occurrence (applicable under the policy only if it was not a CTL for which the
loss was to be payable in full), the IA ascertained the value of the claim to
be US$8,282,055 (ignoring the interest component for the time being). As RNA’s
share of this claim item on the SPM is 38.35% of US$8,282,055, **_the
principal value of the Scheme claim before any claim for interest loss is thus
US$3,176,168._**

(**NOTE 1: At the re-determination, if the IA decides to value the Scheme
claim on 19 September 2006 instead of 14 May 2007, then it is necessary to
apply the exchange rate on 19 September 2006 and not the exchange rate on 14
May 2007 to re-compute the agreed insured value of the SPM in US dollars to
determine if the CTL conclusion remains valid. The deductible must also be
converted to US dollars at the exchange rate on 19 September 2006 rate to see
what adjustments, if any, are required for the deductible.

***NOTE 2: There is a small error here in the averaging computation by the IA
at p 16 of his determination as the figure of US$3,484,864 should have been
US$3,484,846 based on the breakdown of the cost estimates proved at p 15 of
his determination. The IA may wish to correct this at his re-determination.)

95 OIC’s objection to this was that Dolan’s report was premised on the
assumption that the SPM could be repaired in designated repair yards in India.
OIC asserted that the designated yards had turned down such an offer and it
would be impossible to prove before the Surat court that repairs could be
carried out in India as these yards would give contrary evidence.

96 I first observe that the IA was fully cognisant of the fact that IMODCO and
Dolan had diametrically opposed views as to whether the repairs could be done
in India: see p 15 of the IA’s determination. Further, the IA recorded at p 13
of his determination that the _majority_ of the ship repairers invited by RIL
to tender for repairs were of the view that it was not economically or
technically feasible to repair. That meant that there remained a minority of
the ship repairers that were of the view that it was economically or
technically feasible to repair the SPM in their yard. In any event, it was
emphatically not for this court to scrutinise the underlying evidence **_in
detail_** in this review of the IA’s determination otherwise it would be
tantamount to an appellate re-hearing of the matter. A review of the parties’
submissions before the IA showed that OIC was now simply rehashing the same
arguments it had raised before the IA. It might well be that the evidence
would show that all the Indian ship repairers were of the common view that
repairs were not economically or technically feasible. However it is not this
court’s role to decide whether, on the evidence, the IA was justified in
relying in part on the estimates provided by Dolan. OIC had never challenged
Dolan’s expertise and competence as a maritime expert who was well qualified
to give expert evidence on the cost of repairs to the SPM.

97 By averaging, the IA had effectively given the diametrically opposite views
of Dolan and IMODCO equal _weightage_. This was a matter eminently within the
purview, discretion and judgment of the IA. This objection raised by OIC was
patently not a manifest error that justly required judicial intervention. It
fell squarely within the type of error (even assuming it was one) which this
court would not intervene in light of the parties’ agreement that the
determination shall be final and binding. Similarly, the fact that the IA had
taken an _average_ of the four repair estimates could not be regarded as a
manifest error that required the court’s intervention. It was certainly well
within the purview and expertise of the IA, as an expert determiner carrying
out an exercise that was within his competence, jurisdiction and mandate under
the contractual Scheme, to consider in the light of the various probabilities,
uncertainties and contingencies (_e.g._ _whether or not the SPM could be
repaired in India given the paucity of evidence on (a) the extent and nature
of the internal damage to the SPM; (b) the actual engineering capabilities of
the various shipyards in India that could undertake such a repair; and (c) the
degree of complexity of the repair, all of which were not entirely clear_),
that the average of the four repair estimates would, in the IA’s honest view,
after due care and consideration, be the proper approach to adopt in assessing
whether there was CTL, and consequently, the appropriate monetary amount to
use as an estimate of the probable repair costs for the purpose of computing
the commutation amount of that contingent liability. The fact that the IA had
decided to take an average of the four estimates does not _per se_ mean that
he had not taken due care and consideration especially when there is nothing
to show that such a methodology is obviously flawed or that the IA had fallen
into manifest error given the circumstances and the state of the evidence
available to him for his consideration.

98 Being a matter which is properly and entirely within the mandate given to
the IA for his expert determination and which involves an application of his
expertise in the insurance industry, his expert judgment and evaluation, I
decline to intervene and set aside the amount of US$3,176,168 arrived at by
the IA as the adjusted principal claim amount for the repair costs after
deductibles but before interest. This ground of manifest error was not made
out by OIC on the issue of CTL. There was nothing before me to show that the
IA in his determination was not seeking to reflect the relative probability
and extent of liability that OIC was facing in India, including the
possibility that the Dolan report might be accepted entirely in the Indian
courts, instead of IMODCO, and _vice versa_.

99 The process of averaging itself suggests to me that the IA viewed that all
four modes of repairs were equally probable given the limited information
available. Under the circumstances, the IA was perfectly entitled to ascribe
equal probability to each of the four possible modes of repair envisaged by
IMODCO and Dolan, and then take the average of the four repair cost estimates
to reflect their equal probabilities. With no stripping down of the SPM for an
invasive inspection to be carried out to provide more accurate information on
the damage and the probable repair costs, a probability assessment by the IA
that a particular repair mode out of the four repair modes was far more
probable than the rest and therefore the repair cost estimate for that
particular repair mode should be adopted, would not only be difficult but
might be without basis and not justifiable given the uncertainties and the
lack of more detailed information.

100 On the materials placed before me, I can see nothing that was close to
being a manifest error committed by the IA in his methodology of estimating
the probable repair cost. While the averaging may appear as a mechanistic
approach, but embedded within that averaging process and methodology is an
assessment of equal probability of each occurrence by the IA, which he is
entitled to make. Further, the IA’s decision to select only the estimates
provided by IMODCO and Dolan and his use of the averaging methodology cannot
be impeached in my view. There is no error to speak of, let alone an error
that admits of “no difference of opinion”. I do not accept the submission of
OIC that there will be no manifest error only when the IA considers the issue
of CTL solely on the basis of the IMODCO report and that the Dolan report
should be completely discarded by the IA.

101 Accordingly, I am not interfering with the IA’s ascertainment of RNA’s
share of the principal amount of the claim of **_US$3,176,168 excluding
interest._**

102 It also bears reiterating that the adjudication framework under the Scheme
does not dictate to the IA any parameters or guidelines to consider in
quantifying the Scheme claim. The IA’s discretion to select the methodology to
assess the loss has not been fettered in any way. The IA is left to apply his
specialised knowledge, technical and actuarial expertise to best assess the
dispute at hand and to adopt his own methodology in quantifying the Scheme
claim. The IA may of course consider the submissions from the parties, but the
Scheme does not oblige the IA to act solely on or be fettered by the
submissions before him.

**_Deduction of 3 years of interest on account of RIL’s contribution to the
delay_**

103 In the absence of any fault for causing delay in instituting and
prosecuting legal proceedings against OIC on the part of RIL in India, the
pre-judgment interest on the principal sum claimed should normally commence at
least from the date the writ was filed on 27 October 1999 in the action before
the Surat court, if not from the date of the actual accident and loss of the
SPM, which was on 12 October 1998, about a year earlier than the date of the
filing of the writ.

104 What is in issue between the parties concerns the determination of the
total quantum of interest. The IA decided to award interest only for a period
of 4.5 years **_prior_** to the cut-off date of 14 May 2007. **_Accordingly,
the IA had determined the starting date for the accrual of interest to be 14
November 2002_** on the basis that the delays in part were caused by the
insured RIL, who had acted unreasonably in not making the SPM available for an
invasive survey. In the IA’s view, it was not reasonable on account of the
delays to allow payment of interest for the full period from the date of
filing of the writ by RIL (_i.e_. 27 October 1999) to the cut-off date which
would have been for a period of 7.5 years. OIC contended that the IA made a
manifest error in deducting 3 years from this 7.5 years, thus allowing only
4.5 years of interest prior to the cut-off date, in order to penalise RIL for
its culpable behaviour in contributing to the delay in the proceedings in
India. OIC submitted that it was a manifest error for three principal reasons:

(a) RIL did not prevent RNA from carrying out an invasive inspection. The
inspection was not carried out because RNA refused to foot the cost for such
an inspection that RNA wanted itself. Obviously, if RNA wanted the inspection
done, they would have to pay for it and RIL would make the SPM available to
the inspectors appointed and paid for by RNA itself. RNA must not lay the
blame for any delay arising out of the issue of the inspection on RIL.

(b) Since the IA had decided that the SPM was not a CTL and could be repaired,
the issue of inspection was irrelevant. The claim in this regard would be
confined to costs of repairs and RIL would be compensated by any court for the
full extent of interest that had accrued since October 1999 up to the cut-off
date of 14 May 2007.

(c) The IA did not have any knowledge of Indian law and did not cite any
opinion in support for his conclusion.

105 On the other hand, RNA submitted that the IA took into account RIL’s
conduct in contributing to the delays in the Indian proceedings by
persistently denying OIC and the other underwriters access in India to the
damaged SPM for the purposes of inspection. On account of these delays, the IA
awarded OIC only 4.5 years of interest prior to the Scheme’s cut-off date of
14 May 2007. RNA contended that the IA’s findings on delay and interest were a
completely rational exercise of his discretion and an application of his
experience in valuing OIC’s claim. It reiterated that the role of the IA was
that of an expert who was commutating OIC’s claim and was not a proxy for an
Indian court awarding interest in favour of RIL in the Indian proceedings. OIC
further argued that in any event, even if RIL was in a court of law, it would
not be entitled to interest as of right and it would remain a matter of
discretion for the court.

106 The IA had to sieve through and interpret the purport of various letters
exchanged between RIL, OIC and RNA and consider all the evidence before
determining as a fact that RIL had contributed to the delay. To better
ascertain the nature and full extent of the damage, the repairs needed and the
repair costs in order to determine whether the SPM was a CTL, a detailed joint
internal inspection requiring dismantling of the SPM and the MPDU within was
required and had to be paid for. The invasive inspection was going to be
costly. The place where this invasive inspection could be done and the
availability of the requisite facilities for inspection and testing equipment
_e.g._ for pressure testing, had to be established. There were also safety
issues to be resolved.

107 Clearly, cooperation from all parties was needed to expeditiously move the
whole process of investigative fact finding by the experts and evidence
collation for the litigation in India. If any party involved in the process
(including RIL) had been less than cooperative or had been putting obstacles
in the way or had been unnecessarily difficult or unreasonable, it would not
be manifestly erroneous for the IA to conclude as a fact that RIL had
contributed to the delay in moving the claim forward in India.

108 Counsel for OIC appeared to limit the cause of the delay to the
disagreement over who should, under the policy, first bear the cost of the
detailed joint inspection, survey, dismantling and stripping down of the SPM
and MPDU in establishing the claim. Granted that the issue of who was to first
bear the cost of the invasive inspection was a major cause of the deadlock
amongst the parties and a major cause of delay, it was however not the only
matter that the IA had to consider. In fact, there were a whole host of other
issues in relation to the delays. The cost of the invasive inspection was
merely one of them. The IA was entitled to evaluate all the evidence to come
to the conclusion that he did. I am not minded to interfere with his fact
finding here and I can see no manifest error or any lack of due care and
diligence in his evaluation of the evidence.

109 I further noted in the document titled “REINSURERS’ PROPOSED PROTOCOL FOR
FURTHER INSPECTION OF SPM BUOY “HAZIRA” dated June 14, 2001” at p 4 that RNA,
as the reinsurers, had taken the view that under the policy of insurance and
applicable law, it was the responsibility of RIL, the assured, to demonstrate
damage and the extent of the loss. Accordingly, all costs for the invasive
inspection, **_should in the first instance_** , be borne by RIL and only
thereafter submitted for consideration by the underwriters for reimbursement
as part of a properly documented claim subject to policy terms and conditions.
Having regard to what RNA had said, there is indeed some sound basis for the
IA to take the view that RIL (the assured) had in part contributed to the
delay and hence, it is not manifestly wrong for the IA to evaluate that the
court in India may also exercise its discretion to penalise RIL (the plaintiff
in the suit in India) by reducing the period of interest, in that, the start
date for the interest to run is to be on a date later than the date of the
writ because the actions of RIL (the plaintiff in the Indian suit) had
contributed to the long delay in moving the claim forward in India. In RIL’s
letter dated 23 August 2001, RIL had clearly refused to bear the cost of the
invasive inspection and had asked OIC to foot the entire expenses for the
inspection instead, even though under the insurance policy it was RIL who had
to properly document the extent of its claim which in turn would have
necessitated an invasive inspection.

110 I further noted that para 24 of the affidavit of Niraj Kumar filed on 4
June 2008 in support of OIC’s application states as follows:

RNA insisted that it wanted the Multi Purpose Distribution Unit (“MPDU”) to be
inspected before determining whether the SPM was indeed a CTL** _. Initially
the insured did not see the need for the inspection but finally relented_**
but **_insisted that the costs of inspection amounting to US$330,000 ought to
be borne by RNA_**. This led to an impasse which remains unresolved to-date.”
(Emphasis added.)

This above words underlined in bold indicated to me that OIC itself had
conceded that RIL (the plaintiff in the Indian suit) had not been very
cooperative from the start with regard to the process of bearing the costs of
the invasive inspection first in order to quantify the damage/loss and present
its claim more accurately for its insurer OIC to assess properly the assured’s
claim. The evidence cited above shows that RIL had not been entirely
cooperative. Indeed if RIL had been cooperative and had not in any way
contributed to the delay, the IA might well have allowed the interest period
to start running earlier from the date of loss in October 1998 or the date of
writ in India in October 1999. In effect, the IA was basically also factoring
into his assessment whether the Surat court in India would be deducting some
years off from the interest period for the same reason that RIL had
contributed to the delay in moving the claim forward in India, and therefore
should not be entitled to claim the pre-judgment interest for the full period
of the loss.

111 Clearly the parties were disputing the inferences that could be drawn from
the various letters exchanged between the parties and with RIL. I was not
minded to scrutinise with any more detail the primary evidence than is
necessary if I had to decide the case myself on what the correct inferences of
fact ought to be on the question whether RIL had contributed to the delay and
if so, then to what extent RIL had contributed to the delay in order to
ascertain the number of years of interest that should be deducted under the
circumstances. It is sufficient for me to just broadly review the evidence
placed before me by the parties and the IA’s written determination and no
more.

112 From my cursory examination of the documentary evidence presented to me by
the parties, I did not think that the conclusion of the IA was against the
weight of the evidence. I think this is one area where the IA had asked the
right question on a pertinent issue: whether or not there should be some
reduction of the interest period allowed should RIL be found to have
contributed to the delay in the Indian proceedings. Even if the IA had
answered the right question wrongly (which I do not believe he did), I am not
minded to intervene because OIC had failed to show in what way the IA had made
a “manifest error” or had not exercised sufficient “due care and diligence” in
reaching this finding of his. It is not for me to re-visit the entire
evidence, closely scrutinise them to ascertain if the IA had made any error in
his fact finding. But I believe that I am entitled to look beyond the face of
the written determination of the IA and examine some of the underlying
evidence to better understand the issues and to determine whether or not there
is indeed a manifest error (or a negligent error due to a lack of due care and
diligence) committed by the IA as alleged by OIC.

113 I do note that evidence evaluation is an area eminently within the
purview, discretion and judgment of the IA for which I will be loathe and very
slow to disturb unless it is shown clearly to me to be a manifest error. It
must be borne in mind that the evaluation of the weight of the evidence and
the relative credibility of witnesses, very much the exclusive domain of the
appointed fact finder, is plainly an area that the court faced with an
application to set aside the determination of an expert determiner would
eschew going into, unless the fact finding had been tainted by fraud,
collusion, bias or lack of _bona fides_ which is not the case here, or there
had been a manifest error justifying judicial intervention.

114 After a careful consideration of the parties’ submissions which included a
summary review of some of the relevant underlying evidence, I see no reason on
the basis of any principle of manifest error to interfere in any way with the
**_IA’s decision to deduct a total of 3 years of pre-award interest_** and
**_fix a later starting date for the accrual of interest _i.e_ 14 November
2002_**.

**_Obvious manifest error providing only 1.5 years of interest after
discount_**

115 I will now analyse mathematically how the IA computed the total interest
of US$664,416 and added that to the above principal sum of US$3,176,168, thus
valuing or commuting the OIC’s Scheme claim at a total sum of US$3,840,584.

116 The IA basically allowed the interest on the loss to run for only 1.5
years at 13.5% p.a. The actual interest at 13.5% p.a. on a principal sum of
US$3,176,168 for 1.5 years is US$3,176,168 x 0.135 x 1.5 = US$643,174.02
computed on a simple interest basis. The IA however computed that interest
amount for 1.5 years to be US$664,416.00. Why is there a difference of
US$21,241.98? This is no mathematical error as the **_IA computed the
interest_** of 1.5 years not on a simple interest basis but **_on a compound
basis with annual rest_** as follows: US$3,176,168 x (1.**__135 1.5__** – 1) =
US$664,415.91.

117 That the IA had in fact used a compound interest basis can again be shown
by the following compound formula for the total sum with compound interest at
yearly rest over 1.5 years: US$3,176,168 x 1.**__135 1.5__** = US$3,840,583.91
which is exactly the final sum awarded by the IA for the principal sum
compounded at **__13.5__** % p.a. for **__1.5__** years. See the corresponding
numbers in bold, italics and underlined in the compound formula.

118 The IA is also substantively saying that the **_compound interest_** that
he had allowed **_stops running 1.5 years after the start date on 14 November
2002_**. The IA has thus effectively decided that the interest does not accrue
after **_14 May 2004_**.

119 This is strikingly a manifest error. I can see no rhyme or reason why the
Indian court or even the Singapore court for that matter would be saying that
the interest should stop running on 14 May 2004. This end date for the
interest accrual period is **_even before_** the date of the Scheme specified
valuation date of 19 September 2006 and the Scheme cut-off date of 14 May
2007. How is it logical for the interest on the principal sum to stop accruing
even before the valuation date or the Scheme cut-off date? I cannot find
anywhere in the Scheme document which states that the interest is to stop
running on all claims 3 years prior to the cut-off date and more than 2 years
prior to the valuation date. If that were the case, I do not believe that OIC
and the other Scheme creditors are likely to vote in support of the solvent
Scheme which would deprive them of interest in such a manner.

120 Without the need to do any further verification, it is obvious that some
mathematical error has been made by the IA when he allowed only 1.5 years of
interest. OIC as the Scheme creditor will be severely prejudiced especially
when the interest on the loss is deemed to commence on 14 November 2002. Six
years later, OIC still has not received any payment as a Scheme creditor.

121 In my view, the proper mathematical calculation to compute the interest
component is to allow the interest at 13.5% p.a. to first accrue up to the
likely date of disposal of RIL’s suit in India which is estimated to be
sometime perhaps in late 2011 or early 2012. The total period of the interest
should be from 14 November 2002 to late 2011/early 2012, which is a total of
some 9 years for accrual of the interest. Then that accrued interest amount
for 9 years is added to the principal sum, and that total sum must be
discounted back to the correct Scheme valuation date in order to quantify the
claim in India as at the specified valuation date under the Scheme. To provide
guidance on the manner of computation, I have provided at the Annexes two
examples of how that process may be done. **_Annex A_** is a computation to
value the Scheme claim at the cut-off date of 14 May 2007. **_Annex B_** is a
computation valuing the Scheme claim at the correct valuation date of 19
September 2006.

122 As I shall explain later in this judgment and in even more detail in the
Annexes, it is correct for the IA to have applied a discount because of the
earlier receipt of payment on the contingent liability claim by OIC from RNA
as compared to the payment out on future date by OIC to RIL after the judgment
in India sometime in 2011/2012. But the way the IA applied the discount was
mathematically flawed and I must add completely unsound in logic. The IA’s
application of the discount was a mathematical miscalculation, and in light of
_Geowin_ (_supra_ [47]) at [19], a mathematical miscalculation qualifies as a
manifest error that justly requires judicial intervention.

**_Use of compound interest with annual rest by IA in his interest
computation_**

123 Is it wrong for the IA to apply compound interest instead of simple
interest for the interest computation? This is an interesting question which
the parties had not addressed. Either the parties were unaware that the IA had
used a compound interest formula and accordingly no objections were taken in
particular by RNA or RNA had knowingly decided to accept the compound interest
methodology used by the IA. I do not believe that OIC will object to the use
of a compound interest formula as it gives a result that benefits OIC and
disadvantages RNA (whereas the simple interest formula, if used by the IA,
would disadvantage OIC and benefit RNA).

124 In Singapore, the power of the High Court to award or direct interest to
be paid can be found in paragraph 6 of the “First Schedule: Additional Powers
of the High Court” in the Supreme Court of Judicature Act (Cap 322) (“ _First
Schedule_ ”):

**Interest**

6\. Power to direct interest to be paid on damages, or debts (whether the
debts are paid before or after commencement of proceedings) or judgment debts,
or on sums found due on taking accounts between parties, or on sums found due
and unpaid by receivers or other persons liable to account to the court.

Paragraph 6 above does not say that the interest is “simple interest”.
Accordingly, it should not be read restrictively as limiting the power of the
High Court to award only simple interest and not compound interest.

125 However s 12 of the Civil Law Act (Cap 43, 1999 Rev Ed), which
specifically enables the courts to award pre-judgment interest on debts and
damages, appears to limit the courts’ power to award only simple interest (on
such debts and damages for the pre-judgment period) which is then merged into
the total judgment sum awarded. Section 12 provides as follows:

**Power of courts of record to award interest on debts and damages**

**12.** —(1) In any proceedings tried in any court of record for the recovery
of any debt or damages, the court may, if it thinks fit, order that there
shall be **_included_** in the sum for which judgment is given **_interest_**
at such rate as it thinks fit **_on_** the whole or any part of the **_debt or
damages_** for the whole or any part of the period **_between the date when
the cause of action arose and the date of the judgment_**.

(2) Nothing in this section —

(a) shall authorise the giving of interest upon interest;

(b) shall apply in relation to any debt upon which interest is payable as of
right whether by virtue of any agreement or otherwise; or

(c) shall affect the damages recoverable for the dishonour of a bill of
exchange. [emphasis added]

126 Is there a provision in India similar to s 12 above which only authorises
pre-judgment interest on debts and damages to be awarded on a simple basis? No
evidence was led on this. Under the circumstances, I shall assume that the law
in India is similar to that in Singapore on this issue given the historical
links that India and Singapore have to Britain and the fact that both are
Commonwealth countries with common law systems whose origins can be traced to
Britain. I further assume that just as in Singapore, courts in India do refer
to English decisions for guidance in many areas including those of tort and
contract.

127 I shall now examine the ambit of s 12 of the Civil Law Act. This enabling
provision is simply silent on the granting of any authorisation to grant
compound interest. Is it then to be inferred then that the High Court
therefore has no more power whatsoever to grant pre-judgment compound interest
on any debt or damages under paragraph 6 to the _First Schedule_? Has s 12
also taken away or emasculated the power of the High Court to direct compound
interest to be paid on (a) debts or damages from date of judgment till date of
satisfaction of the judgment sums awarded (_i.e._ post-judgment interest); (b)
sums found due on taking accounts between parties; and (c) sums found due and
unpaid by receivers or other persons liable to account to the court? I do not
think so.

128 Although s 12(2)(a) of the Civil Law Act makes clear that the section
itself does not authorise the giving of compound interest for debts and
damages covering the pre-judgment period, it does not expressly prohibit the
court from granting compound interest _per se_ or from granting damages
assessed with reference to the actual compound interest lost or forgone by the
plaintiff who has suffered those damages. I do not think that s 12 of the
Civil Law Act is meant to be exhaustive concerning the power of the courts to
award interest on debts and damages in any specified manner _i.e._ only on a
simple basis and on no other. The section is silent with respect to the
principles that the court may apply when assessing the amount of damages for
which it gives judgment. The section does not preclude a court from taking
interest losses into account when awarding damages for tort or breach of
contract.

129 Accordingly, it is important to distinguish between “interest **_as_**
damages” and “interest **_upon_** the damages”. Section 12 of the Civil Law
Act will apply to the interest to be awarded **_upon_** or **_on_** the
damages for a late payment but will not, in my judgment, apply to an award of
interest **_as_** damages, which comprise the loss to the plaintiff assessed
with reference for instance to the compound interest that the money could
possibly earn through investment in safe instruments or which could have been
used to reduce the debts of the plaintiff and defray the compound interest
that he has to pay for those debts. If the loss or damage suffered by the
plaintiff can be accurately computed using compound interest, then the
plaintiff should be entitled to claim the compound interest as his loss or
damage. This is a separate head of claim or damage which is represented by the
compound interest. It is therefore not within the scope of s 12 of the Civil
Law Act.

130 I do not believe that awards in appropriate cases of compound interest
**_as_** damages for non-payment of a debt or for delayed payment of tortuous
claims, including awards of compound interest as restitutionary relief in
respect of a defendant's unjust enrichment, conflict at all with s 12 of the
Civil Law Act, which is concerned strictly with interest **_on_** a debt or
damages over the **_pre-judgment period_**.

131 Given the circumstances and the present state of the law concerning
compound interest, I will not interfere with the exercise of discretion by the
IA, using his actuarial expertise and experience, to select the use of a
compound interest over the simple interest methodology. In my view, there is
no manifest error in the IA’s choice of a compound interest methodology for
his valuation of the Scheme claim. There are good and sound financial
principles behind the adoption of the compound interest method for the
interest computation by the IA and it reflects the reality of modern commerce.

132 Essentially, RIL’s claim in India represents an involuntary “loan” by RIL
(the plaintiff) to OIC (the defendant) and that “loan” effectively constitutes
an unsecured debt owed to the plaintiff by the defendant. Where the period of
the involuntary “loan” is long, the interest rate is high and the principal
sum involved is large, as in this case, it is appropriate to use a compound
interest methodology which puts RIL as far as is possible, in the same
position as it would have been, had it not been injured. The compound interest
is to compensate the plaintiff for the full extent of his loss or damage
whereas the use of simple interest would not adequately do so. Like all
borrowings in the money market, interest charges calculated would inevitably
be calculated on a compound basis and not on a simple basis. OIC may well have
used the payment from the commuted contingent liability to reduce its own
commercial borrowings, for which interest will have to be paid on those loans.
More importantly, the compound interest as damage will have to be accumulated
and used by OIC to defray payment on the potential claim in India from RIL,
for which compound interest may well have to be paid.

133 Further, there is a recent decision of the House of Lords in the case of
_Sempra Metals Limited v Her Majesty’s Commissioners of Inland Revenue and
Customs_ [2007] UKHL 34 (“ _Sempra Metals_ ”) where an important question of
principle was addressed: whether the claimant who seeks a remedy on the ground
of unjust enrichment is entitled to an award for restitution of the value of
money that is measured by compound interest? It was held that compound
interest is available in common law as a restitutionary remedy where such an
award was necessary to achieve full justice for the claimant. Lord Nicholls of
Birkenhead started his speech with an overview which is most apt to describe
the very unsatisfactory state of the common law on compound interest:

My Lords,

51\. Legal rules which are not soundly based resemble proverbial bad pennies:
they turn up again and again. The unsound rule returning once more for
consideration by your Lordships' House concerns the negative attitude of
English law to awards of compound interest on claims for debts paid late.

52\. We live in a world where interest payments for the use of money are
calculated on a compound basis. Money is not available commercially on simple
interest terms. This is the daily experience of everyone, whether borrowing
money on overdrafts or credit cards or mortgages or shopping around for the
best rates when depositing savings with banks or building societies. If the
law is to achieve a fair and just outcome when assessing financial loss it
must recognise and give effect to this reality.

53\. Unhappily this is still not altogether so. To a significant extent the
law remains out-of-step with everyday life in the 21st century. In the first
half of the 19th century the common law adopted a restrictive rule: unpaid
debts do not carry interest, either compound or simple. This was an exception
to the ordinary common law principles applicable to recovery of damages for
breach of contract.

54\. Since then successive statutes have made general provision for courts to
award interest in many instances. This provision is limited to simple
interest. The statutes make no provision for compound interest.

55\. In 1984 your Lordships' House curtailed the scope of the restrictive
common law rule. Despite this, by common accord the current position is not
yet coherent or satisfactory. So your Lordships are being called upon to
consider the implications of this restrictive rule once more. Your Lordships
have to consider how far the common law should still abide in a world where
present-day economic reality is not allowed to intrude.

134 Lord Nicholls ended with the following conclusion (after an extensive
review of the authorities and a careful examination of various principles)
with which I will most respectfully and readily adopt in full as the correct
position also of the law in Singapore:

100\. For these reasons, I consider that the court has a common law
jurisdiction to award interest, simple and compound, **_as_** damages on
claims for non-payment of debts as well as on other claims for breach of
contract and in tort. [emphasis added]

135 I do not believe that s 12 of the Civil Law Act prevents the development
of the common law by the courts in granting compound interest **_as_** damages
in appropriate cases. Section 12 of the Civil Law Act may not authorise the
granting of compound interest but it does not prohibit the courts from
granting compound interest **_as_** part of damages on claims for non-payment
of debts, breaches of contract and in tort either. Section 12 does not
displace any jurisdiction the courts themselves have to award compound
interest losses **_as_** damages if the need arises. Accordingly, I am of the
view that the courts in Singapore have the power to grant compound interest
**_as_** damages if these damages are proved and the justice of the case
requires that such damages should to be paid. This position taken of the law
in Singapore will also help to further promote, strengthen and entrench
Singapore as an important financial and business hub for this part of the
world. Not to align the law in Singapore with commercial reality and with the
needs and expectations of the business community at large in respect of
granting compound interest **_as_** damages as set out in _Sempra Metals_ will
be a serious mistake.

136 I do not know the present state of the law on compound interest in India
on debts and damages and whether the courts in India are going to adopt the
above common law position as enunciated in _Sempra Metals_ when the Surat
court pronounces its judgment possibly sometime in 2011/2012. But what is
clear is that the seminal decision of the House of Lord in _Sempra Metals_
will certainly influence the development of the common law in Commonwealth
countries and it certainly buttresses the decision of the IA, who had in my
view rightly adopted the compound basis for his interest calculations and for
discounting. I believe that the House of Lords decision of _Sempra Metals_ now
focuses attention on the need to consider awarding compound interest **_as_**
damages in appropriate cases and with such guidance from a pronouncement on
this issue from the highest court in England, it throws open the door in
common law jurisdictions to the possible award of compound interest in the
nature of damages on claims for non-payment of debts as well as on other
claims for breach of contract and in tort.

137 For the reasons I have stated, I would follow this decision of the House
of Lords in _Sempra Metals_ and it also accords with commercial and economic
reality because a claimant in long-running case such as this will be severely
under-compensated in damages were the court to have power only to award simple
interest and no discretion to award any compound interest even in a deserving
case. The correct legal position in Singapore is that the courts are not so
hampered and have an unfettered discretion to award simple or compound
interest **_as_** damages as is appropriate that would justly compensate the
person for the loss that he has suffered.

138 Having set out the legal position in Singapore, it is for the IA as the
independent expert on insurance matters to use his expertise and experience
and take all relevant matters into account to decide whether to use an
actuarial methodology or a compound interest formulation in his re-
determination. If the IA again uses the compound interest formulation in his
re-determination as he had done previously in his first determination, the IA
cannot be faulted for doing so since it is clear to me that for large debts
unpaid and for very substantial damages sustained over long periods when the
interest rate is ascertained to be high, as is the case here, the compound
interest methodology is a far more accurate and equitable one to use for
ascertaining the real damage suffered by the claimant than the simple interest
formulation. The compound interest formulation will properly compensate the
claimant for the true cost or damage to him caused by the long pre-judgment
delays in getting the judgment and the long post-judgment delays in finally
getting payment. Such actual interest losses on a compound basis as damages
should be recoverable subject to (a) the usual sufficiency of evidence to
establish proof of loss; (b) remoteness of damage; (c) obligations to mitigate
damage; and (c) any other relevant rules relating to the recovery of alleged
losses. If the compound interest amount fails to qualify for award as a
separate item or head of damage _e.g_. where the damage cannot be proved for
being too remote or for other reasons, then s 12 of the Civil Law Act will
nevertheless still give power to the court to grant interest on a simple basis
where that section is applicable.

139 In my opinion, it will not be without basis to conclude that where large
sums of money are involved, delays in payment are considerable and interest
rates are high, then the loss from the compound time-value of money (a) is
reasonably foreseeable; (b) is within the contemplation of reasonable
commercial men; and (c) must be sufficiently recognised by the law, when
evaluating or assessing compensation for the claimant’s actual interest losses
caused by the late payment of (i) a debt owed to a claimant; or (ii) the
monetary amount of the loss or damage suffered by him. For this, I need go no
further than to quote the following passages in _Sempra Metals_ :

**Lord Hope of Craighead:**

16\. ... But I agree ….that the House should take the opportunity of departing
from Lord Brandon of Oakbrook's analysis in _President of India v La Pintada
Compania Navigation SA_ [1985] 1 AC 104 and that it should hold that at common
law, subject to the ordinary rules of remoteness which apply to all claims of
damages, the loss suffered as a result of the late payment of money is
recoverable. This is already the law where the claim is for a debt incurred by
a building contractor to raise the necessary capital which has interest
charges as one of its constituents: see _F G Minter v Welsh Health Technical
Services Organisation_ (1980) 13 Build LR 1, CA, 23, per Ackner LJ; _Rees and
Kirby Ltd v Swansea City Council_ (1985) 30 Build LR 1, CA; see also _Margrie
Holdings Ltd v City of Edinburgh District Council_ , 1994 SC 1, 10-11. The
reality is that every creditor who is deprived of funds to which he is
entitled and which he needs to run his business will have to incur an
interest-bearing loan or employ other funds which could themselves have earned
interest. It is a short step to say that interest losses will arise "in the
ordinary course of things" in such circumstances.

17\. I also agree with Lord Nicholls that the loss on the late payment of a
debt may include an element of compound interest. But the claimant must claim
and prove his actual interest losses if he wishes to recover compound
interest, as is the case where the claim is for a sum which includes interest
charges. The claimant would have to show, if his claim is for ancillary
interest, that his actual losses were more than he would recover by way of
interest under the statute. In practice, especially where the period over
which interest is sought is short or where the claimant does not have to
borrow money to replace the debt, simple interest under section 35A of the
Supreme Court Act 1981 is likely to be the more convenient remedy.

18\. ….The conclusion that the court has jurisdiction to award compound
interest as damages at common law is, however, a valuable one. It provides us
with a building block which was missing when the House rejected the use of
compound interest as a possible solution in equity in _Westdeutsche Landesbank
Girozentrale v Islington London Borough Council_ [1996] AC 669.

…

33 ……Simple interest is an artificial construct which has no relation to the
way money is obtained or turned to account in the real world. It is an
imperfect way of measuring the time value of what was received prematurely.

…

36…. As Lord Nicholls points out (see para 99), there is now ample authority
to the effect that interest losses which are recoverable as damages should be
calculated on a compound basis where the evidence shows that this is
appropriate. The same rule should be applied to the restitutionary remedy at
common law.

…

_Compound interest in domestic law_

41\. The fundamental point, however, is this. Compound interest is a
necessary, and very familiar, fact of commercial life. As the Law Commission
said in its Consultation Paper on "Compound Interest" (2002, No 167), para
4.1, the obvious reason for awarding compound interest is that it reflects
economic reality. In its "Discussion Paper on Interest on Debt and Damages"
(No 127, 2005), para 8.18 the Scottish Law Commission said that it endorsed
the view of the Law Society of England and Wales in their response to the Law
Commission's Consultation Paper that "simple interest never provides a full
indemnity for the loss to the litigant." In para 8.38 the Scottish Law
Commission said, having examined the arguments either way, that it was
inclined to the view that the case against the compounding of interest was
essentially a case against interest itself. Computation of the time value of
the enrichment on the basis of simple interest will inevitably fall short of
its true value. Such a result would conflict with the principle that applies
in unjust enrichment cases, that the enrichee must give up to the claimant the
enrichment with, as Professor Birks put it in _Unjust Enrichment_ (2nd ed), p
167, no hint of a restriction to giving back. In my opinion the compounding of
interest is the basis on which the restitutionary award in this case should be
calculated.

…

**Lord Nicholls of Birkenhead:**

112\. If the House takes this opportunity I venture to repeat there can only
be one answer on this important question of law. Nobody has suggested a good
reason why, in a case like the present, an award of compound interest should
be denied to a claimant. An award of compound interest is necessary to achieve
full restitution and, hence, a just result. I would hold that, in the exercise
of its common law restitutionary jurisdiction, the court has power to make
such an award.

113\. The law will achieve a principled measure of consistency between
contractual obligations and restitutionary obligations. The common law in
Australia has developed in this way. The common law in England should do
likewise.

…

**Lord Scott of Foscote**

151\. I concur with your Lordships in concluding that interest, whether simple
or compound, can represent an item of contractual damages or tortious damages,
subject to the normal rules applicable to such claims. I take the view that a
claim to interest as part of a restitutionary remedy for money paid by mistake
can and, subject to change of position defences should be, accepted if the
interest has actually been earned, but not otherwise.

140 It may be pertinent to note also that an arbitral tribunal has the power
to award compound interest. See s 12(5)(b) of the International Arbitration
Act (Cap 143A, 2002 Rev Ed) which states:

(5) Without prejudice to the application of Article 28 of the Model Law, an
arbitral tribunal, in deciding the dispute that is the subject of the arbitral
proceedings —

(b) may award interest (including interest on a compound basis) on the whole
or any part of any sum which —

(i) is awarded to any party, for the whole or any part of the period up to the
date of the award; or

(ii) is in issue in the arbitral proceedings but is paid before the date of
the award, for the whole or any part of the period up to the date of payment.

There is also a similar provision in s 35(1) of the Arbitration Act (Cap 10,
2002 Rev Ed) which provides that:

35\. —(1) The arbitral tribunal may award interest, including interest on a
compound basis, on the whole or any part of any sum that —

(a) is awarded to any party; or

(b) is in issue in the arbitral proceedings but is paid before the date of the
award,

for the whole or any part of the period up to the date of the award or
payment, whichever is applicable.

(2) A sum directed to be paid by an award shall, unless the award otherwise
directs, carry interest as from the date of the award and at the same rate as
a judgment debt.

141 If the correct state of the law on compound interest is what I have
stated, then that eradicates a significant disparity or anomaly between the
powers of courts and of arbitrators in their respective powers to award
compound interest in an appropriate case.

142 Finally, in the light of the express powers given to an arbitrator to
award interest on a compound basis, it will be rather unusual and in fact
anomalous if I were to hold that the IA has no jurisdiction and would have
exceeded his mandate to award compound interest when the Scheme itself does
not preclude him from awarding it based on the particular nature of this
Scheme claim.

**_Paragraph 2.2 of the Scheme does not preclude pre-judgment interest
claim_**

143 Before the IA, OIC claimed the accrued interest at 21% p.a. from the date
of the vessel collided with the SPM _i.e._ 12 October 1998 to the date of
final payment. Based on RNA’s 38.35% share of the insured’s or RIL’s claim
before the Surat court of US$9,300,578.24, the interest claim on that
principal amount was US$1,953,121.43 p.a. from the date of collision until the
date of final settlement.

144 RNA’s contention before the IA was that interest should not be awarded at
all as the policy did not provide for payment of interest and no interest
whatsoever was payable under the Scheme for Scheme claims.

145 The IA had noted the existence of the following provision which governs
the payment of interest under the Scheme:

2.2 **Interest**

The Company shall make no payment under the Scheme for interest of a Scheme
Claim, _except_ that where a Scheme Creditor is entitled to interest under any
statute, contract or court order, he shall to that extent be _entitled to
claim interest_ , for the period _up to one day before payment_. [emphasis
added]

146 Both parties before me were agreed that paragraph 2.2 of the Scheme
stipulates that RNA shall make no payment under the Scheme for interest in
respect of a Scheme claim, unless the exception (see words in bold above) in
paragraph 2.2 applies. The question then is whether the exception applied.
Here the Scheme claims include contingent claims which can arise out of a
contractual claim or an insurance claim dispute before a court. If the
underlying contract or court order giving rise to a Scheme claim entitles the
claimant to claim interest, then the exception must apply. Once the exception
applies, the Scheme creditor shall, to the extent that the contract or the
court order provides for the interest, be entitled to make a Scheme claim for
interest up to one day before payment under the Scheme.

147 It is envisaged that the Surat court order is going to entitle RIL to
claim pre-judgment interest on the loss of the SPM from the date of writ to
the date of judgment and thereafter, post-judgment interest on the judgment
debt to the date of payment. As such, the Scheme claim from OIC will fall
within the exception provided in paragraph 2.2 of the Scheme. The Scheme
creditor will be entitled to claim interest for the period up to one day
before RNA’s actual payment of the Scheme claim. Hence, OIC shall be entitled
to claim the pre-judgment interest accruing from 14 November 2002 (_i.e._ _3
years after the date of the writ in India in October 1999 because the IA
deducted 3 years for the interest period to penalise RIL for its lack of
cooperation which contributed to the delay to the court proceedings in India_)
to the likely date of judgment in India in the year 2011 or 2012 and
thereafter, to further claim post-judgment interest on that judgment debt from
the date of judgment to one day before the date of actual satisfaction of the
judgment debt.

148 It is just as pertinent to observe that the IA (at p 20 of his
determination) had also considered, _inter alia_ , the fact “ _that it is the
common practice for pre-judgement interest to be considered and made payable
by the courts in Singapore as well as in India._ ” This fact is important for
two reasons in my view. First, it shows that the IA was all the time assessing
and valuing the contingent claim that is currently before the Surat court and
second, that the Surat court is likely to award interest on the principal
amount of the loss from the date of the loss or the date of the writ (27
October 1999) to the date of the court judgment (_i.e._ pre-judgment
interest).

149 After specifically considering paragraph 2.2 of the Scheme and the
practice of the courts to award pre-judgment interest, the IA decided “** __on
balance in the circumstances of this case, to consider the payment of
interest__** ” and he accordingly awarded interest. See pg 20 of the IA’s
determination. This shows that the IA did not regard, and rightly so, that
paragraph 2.2 of the Scheme precluded all interest claims on the facts of this
case. The IA’s finding that interest is in fact payable under the Scheme
accords with my interpretation of paragraph 2.2 that the exception applies in
this case and the interest claim on a Scheme claim submitted by OIC is allowed
under the exception provided in paragraph 2.2.

150 If paragraph 2.2 of the Scheme is interpreted to mean that no interest is
payable whatsoever on the principal amount of the claim of US$3,176,168, then
it will impugn the IA’s award of interest of US$664,416. Clearly, that
interpretation was not adopted by the IA and the IA would be in error if he
had adopted that interpretation of paragraph 2.2.

151 The IA thus decided that RIL was entitled to interest and rightly rejected
RNA’s contention that no interest was payable under the policy and the Scheme.
The IA must have concluded that paragraph 2.2 of the Scheme had not excluded a
claim arising out of a court judgment or court order granting pre-judgment
interest as part of the final judgment sum. If it were otherwise, the IA would
not even have considered and applied an interest rate of 13.5% p.a. for the
interest computation (pegged to the average rate of prejudgment interest
normally applied by an Indian court) nor would the IA have allowed any
interest on the principal sum of US$664,416 to be added to the principal sum
of US$3,176,168 to give the final claim amount which the IA assessed at
US$3,840,584.

152 RNA had not argued before me that the IA was manifestly wrong to have
determined the interest based on the known practice of the courts in India.
Once the IA had interpreted the purport of paragraph2.2, adopted the common
practice of the courts to grant pre-judgment interest and decided to award
interest in his expert determination, there is no room to argue now that it
was manifestly wrong of the IA similarly to include the likely total quantum
of the pre-judgment interest as a matter of principle to value and commutate
the contingent Scheme claim based on a judgment likely to be entered against
OIC in India.

**_Interest period and total claim amount (principal plus interest) discounted
to the relevant valuation date_**

153 The only issue left is the likely period that the Indian court in Surat
will allow for the accrual of pre-judgment interest. Obviously, the period
will continue to run up to the likely date of the final disposal of the case
in India, which may be perhaps sometime in late 2011 or 2012 when the final
outcome will be known in India after the appellate processes are over and the
lower court judgment has either been affirmed, modified or overturned by the
appellate court. See **_Annex 9_** of the IA’s determination which enclosed
the letter dated 16 April 2008 from the lawyers in India, M/s Vishnu Mehra &
Company, advising on the likely length of time to complete all the court
proceedings including the appeals in India. I note that the IA had rightly
considered this letter from the lawyers in India (attached as **_Annex 9_** to
his determination) to ascertain the probable date for the final disposal of
the case in India because this estimated date is an important fact needed in
the mathematical computation of the period of accrual of pre-judgment interest
and in ascertaining the appropriate number of years of discount to use. For
the purpose of my own discounting calculations in **_Annexes A and B_** , I
have assumed the probable judgment date of the Surat court to be on 14
November 2011 for ease of illustration and explanation of my computation based
exactly on a period of **_9 years_** from the date that the IA had decided the
pre-judgment interest is to commence (_i.e._ 14 November 2002).

154 The Surat court, if it is minded to grant pre-judgment interest, will in
all likelihood grant pre-judgment interest up to the date of judgment and not
stop its accrual on the Scheme cut-off date or the Scheme valuation date, both
of which dates are of no concern whatsoever to the Surat court. Hence, the
Surat court judgment amount will have full pre-judgment interest (accruing
from the date of loss to the date of its judgment) added to the principal
judgment sum to form the total judgment sum. This pre-judgment interest period
is at least 9 years on the same premise that the Surat court is likely to
penalise RIL for its contributory delay (which the IA had done to OIC) and
allow the interest on RIL’s loss to commence only on 14 November 2002, which
is more than 3 years after the date of the writ on 27 October 1999 and more
than 4 years after the date of the actual loss/accident on 12 October 1998.

155 The amount representing 38.35% of that total judgment sum (principal
amount of loss plus full pre-judgment interest) to be awarded in late 2011 or
2012 and constituting the contingent future liability of RNA to OIC under the
reinsurance contract must therefore be discounted from the likely date of the
judgment in India to the valuation date specified under the Scheme for OIC’s
contingent Scheme claim pursuant to its reinsurance contract with RNA.

156 Assuming the IA is right that the valuation date for the Scheme claim is
indeed the claims’ cut-off date of 14 May 2007 (which I do not believe he is),
it appears from the determination that the IA had allowed a discount of 3
years. But this 3 years discount must be deducted from or discounted from the
date that the likely judgment in India will be delivered (_i.e._ 2011/2012 or
say 14 November 2011) and not from the cut-off date which the IA did, thereby
giving an erroneously and illogically low 1.5 years as the total interest
allowed. This amounted to a manifest error in his determination. **_Hence, the
interest allowed should be 9 years minus 3 years giving 6 years of interest
entitlement, and not 4.5 years minus 3 years giving only 1.5 years of interest
entitlement._** The figure of 9 years is actually the period from 14 November
2002 (where the IA allowed the interest to commence running) till the likely
date of judgment in India assumed to be around 14 November 2011. See the
Annexes for a better understanding of the timelines.

157 It is my belief that it is next to impossible to explain a mathematical
calculation using words alone, without actually doing the mathematical
calculation itself (as shown in the Annexes) to demonstrate the mathematical
logic of the calculation and to illustrate how it should be done. Using mere
words to explain a mathematical analysis and a calculation is going to lead to
misinterpretation and misunderstanding. It is prone to error and much too
imprecise. If the IA in his re-determination was to estimate a different date
for the likely date of judgment in India based on the letter from the said law
firm in India, then the sums can be readily re-done following the sample
calculations attached in the Annexes, if the IA so wishes, to arrive at the
discounted valuation as at the correct valuation date on 19 September 2006.

158 The need to apply a discount is justified because OIC is being paid 38.35%
of the lump sum of the likely total judgment sum in India much earlier. OIC
need not wait till 2011 or 2012 to be paid. For the purpose of the discounting
computation to obtain the valuation at the correct valuation date of 19
September 2006 which is shown at **_Annex B_** , it is assumed that RNA is
paying OIC some 5 years and 2 months earlier and in advance what is the
**_present value of that 38.35% of the said judgment sum as at 19 September
2006_**. A discount will have to be factored into the process of commutation
by the IA, when he assesses the present value of a future lump sum being paid
on the valuation date of 19 September 2006 itself, to discharge a contingent
liability potentially occurring in the future. _Kendall_ (_supra_ [36])
explains at [20.6.2] the reasons for discounting as follows:

In consideration of the fact that the reinsured is being paid a lump sum to
commute the contract at an early date, rather than waiting to receive claims
payments as and when underlying losses are paid, the parties will probably
agree that the sum paid by the reinsurer to commute his liabilities under
contract will be discounted by an amount reflecting an estimate in the decline
of the value of money because of inflation, current and projected interest
rates, and other similar factors.

159 In the Annexes, **_my computations have applied the discount rate both to
the principal sum plus interest_** , and discounted the total of the principal
sum plus the pre-judgment interest back to the correct valuation date, 19
September 2006. In other words, to account for the time value of money, the
discounting has to be performed because OIC is receiving payment 5 years 2
months earlier on the valuation date as opposed to waiting until say 14
November 2011 for payment on 38.35% of the judgment sum from RNA. See the
timelines in the Annexes.

160 I noted that RNA in its submissions had tried to suggest that the IA in
his calculations had only discounted the interest but not the principal sum,
and hence, any alleged under-compensation would have been more than off-set by
the non-discount of the principal sum back to the cut-off date. This
submission must have been made by RNA’s counsel without any thorough
understanding of how the IA performed his discount calculations, which had in
fact discounted **_both_** the principal sum plus interest to the cut-off
date, except that the IA’s mathematical error was to minus 3 years from (or in
other words, to apply a discount of 3 years to) the 4.5 year period instead of
the 9 year period which he should have done for his valuation as of the cut-
off date in order to give an interest period of 6 years instead of the
erroneous 1.5 years of interest that he did.

161 RNA contended that the IA’s determination on the discount remains binding
even if one cannot understand the IA’s reasoning or methodology in arriving at
the discount. In this regard, RNA relied on _Alliance v Regent Holdings
Incorporated_ [1999] EWCA Civ 1953 (“ _Alliance_ ”). In that case, the expert,
Mr Margo, arrived at a valuation of a property (called Mermaid House) and
articulated the various comparables (such as another property called Ionic
Villa) and variables that he had taken into account. One of the parties
attempted to set aside the determination on the basis that he could not reach
the same conclusion as the expert despite following the articulated variables
and methodology.

162 The relevant excerpts from the case reads as follows:

It is Mr Vos QC’s submission that paragraph 16.06 sets out a formula for
calculating the adjusted sale price for Ionic Villa. In order to understand
his submission it is necessary to refer in a little detail to the mathematics.
In paragraph 16.05 Mr Margo records that Ionic Villa was sold for £7,000,000
in July 1991. It was sold on a 99 year lease. He records that in order to
compare it with Mermaid House adjustments must be made to take into account
differences between it and Mermaid House. In paragraph 16.06 Mr Margo sets out
the adjustments which he applied to compare Ionic Villa with Mermaid House. It
reads:

“The adjustments which I would apply to compare it with Mermaid House are as
follows. Adjustment for date of sale add 70%, adjustment for less privacy add
20%, adjustment for smaller size add 40%, adjustment for lower specification
add 10%, adjustment for longer lease deduct 15% and adjustment for more
prestigious location deduct 20%.”

At paragraph 16.09 Mr Margo sets out that having applied the adjustments, the
value of Ionic Villa in April 1998 would be £10,920,000.

Mr Vos QC submits that in paragraph 16.06 Mr Margo describes the way the
deductions are to be made. Applying that description, the resultant figure
does not come to £10,920,000.

163 What distinguishes _Alliance_ from the present one, however, can be found
in a subsequent paragraph from _Alliance_ , as set out below:

Mr Sher QC submits that there is no manifest error shown by paragraph 16.06.
He submits that a valuer, when adjusting a comparable, may make his
adjustments in a number of different ways. He may add or deduct a fixed sum.
He may _add or deduct percentages of a fixed sum. He may make percentage
additions sequentially or make individual percentage deductions or additions
on a base figure_. He submits that examples of the different way in which
adjustments can be made are to be found in the adjustments made by Mr Margo in
respect of the other comparable, 56 Avenue Road. He further submits that a
valuer may “mix and match” the methods by which adjustments are made. It is
his submission that paragraph 16.06 is silent as to the method adopted by Mr
Margo. In the circumstances, he submits that no mathematical error is shown.
[emphasis added]

164 In that case, Gage J accepted that there were various ways one could make
deductions from a fixed sum, _e.g._ making percentage additions sequentially
or making percentage deductions to a base figure. However, in applying a
discount to take into account the present value of money, there is only one
correct way to do it, which is to apply the discount of 3 years to the global
figure of 9 years from the date the interest on the amount of loss is allowed
to start accruing (_i.e._ 4.5 years before the cut-off date being 14 November
2002) to the final date the amount would likely be paid (_i.e._ in the year
2011/2012 when the final decision before the Indian courts would be finally
known). Any other way of applying the discount would be illogical and
mathematically incorrect. The IA erroneously applied the 3 years discount to
the 4.5 years period when it ought to have used the 9 years total period
(_i.e._ 4.5 years prior to cut-off date plus the further 4.5 years to date of
final judgment in India). I therefore distinguish the case of _Alliance_ on
the facts.

165 Accordingly, I am inexorably driven to find that a manifest error in
computation had been made in the discount calculations by the IA in his
determination. The matter is to be remitted to the IA specifically for him to
address especially this particular point.

166 In a case like this where the principal sum is large, the rate used for
the interest/discount/time value of money is very high at 13.5 % p.a. and the
period over which the discounting is applied is long, then the actual computed
figure of the commutation based on these large numbers have a very
considerable impact on the final computed valuation figure and must therefore
be accurately and correctly computed by the IA. Otherwise, it will result in
gross injustice to the party who is made to suffer a large loss simply on
account of a mathematical error in calculation.

167 I have therefore included two sets of detailed set of calculations with
full explanation to provide guidance to the IA when he re-considers his
earlier determination and does his re-calculations. **_Annex A_** gives the
discount computation back to the cut-off date, which the IA incorrectly used
as his valuation date for the Scheme claim. On the other hand, **_Annex B_**
gives the discount computation back to the Scheme specified valuation date of
19 September 2006. From the two Annexes, a comparison may also be made of the
effect arising out of valuing as at different valuation dates and the impact
it has on the final commutation sum.

**_Annex A calculations: Valuation at cut-off date of 14 May 2007_**

168 For discounting back to the cut-off date, **_Annex A_** shows that the
number of years discount should be 3.311 years, which I agree can be rounded
to 3 years of discount similar to what the IA had adopted at p 21 of his
determination. However, the IA erred by deducting the 3 years of discount from
the total period of 4.5 years ending at the cut-off date. The IA should have
deducted the 3 years of discount from the total period of 9 years ending on
the likely judgment date in India, giving 6 years of simple interest.

169 **_Annex A_** also gives an alternative computation showing that basically
the same answer as the 6 years of simple interest at 13.5% p.a. can be made by
compounding the interest for 4.5 years also at 13.5% p.a. from the start date
of the interest accumulation on 14 November 2002 to the cut-off date, if one
understands that all these calculations are basically to obtain the real
present valuation of the claim as at the cut-off date, which is also the date
of actual payment of the claim. I trust that the expert determiner who has a
1st Class Honours in Mathematics will have no difficulty understanding all my
explanations in this judgment when the matter is remitted to him for re-
determination to correct the error.

170 Six years of simple interest amount to a total of 6 yrs x 13.5% p.a.
interest x the assessed commuted principal sum of US$3,176,168 = US$
2,572,969. Adding the 6 years of simple interest to the principal sum of
US$3,176,168 gives a total figure of **_US$5,748,864._** In other words, the
total principal estimated loss inclusive of the 6 years of simple interest
works out to be **_US$5,748.864_** for the Scheme claim valued as at the cut-
off date.

171 When compared with the US$3,840,584 allowed by the IA, OIC stands to lose
a hefty sum of **_US$1,908,280._** Even on the same erroneous valuation date
of 14 May 2007, this is a very substantial difference by any measure if the
manifest mathematical error committed by the IA is not corrected.

**_Annex B calculations: Valuation at Scheme specified valuation date of 19
September 2006_**

172 However, if the IA is minded to re-compute to the correct valuation date
of 19 September 2006, then **_Annex B_** shows how the calculations should be
made in my view.

173 My calculations show that a total of 4.371264 years of discount must be
deducted from the total period of 9 years in order to value the Scheme claim
as at 19 September 2006. This allows only an interest period of (9 years less
4.371254 years = 4.628736 years of simple interest). 4.628736 years of simple
interest works out to be US$3,176,168 x 13.5% p.a. x 4.628736 = US$1,984,722.
Adding the 4.628736 years of simple interest to the principal sum of
US$3,176,168 gives a total figure of **_US$5,160,890._** In other words, the
total principal estimated loss inclusive of the 4.628736 years of simple
interest works out to be **_US$5,160,890_** for the Scheme claim valued as at
19 September 2006, which I believe should be the correct valuation sum for the
Scheme claim in the expert determination.

174 When compared with the US$3,840,584 allowed by the IA, OIC stands to lose
a hefty sum of **_US$1,320,306._** Again even with the correct valuation date
of 19 September 2006, this remains a very substantial difference by any
measure if the manifest mathematical error committed by the IA is not
corrected to the Scheme specified valuation date.

175 Although it may be more expedient for me to simply substitute or amend the
final figure in the IA’s determination, however I believe that the proper way
and the legally correct decision is for me to remit the matter to the IA for
him to re-determine the valuation of OIC’s Scheme claim as at the Scheme
specified valuation date based on the use of the appropriate and correct
discount computation and to amend his expert determination so that it remains
contractually binding on OIC and RNA under the Scheme.

Further interest to be awarded from valuation date till date of payment

176 There remains one last item to be computed. This is the further issue of
the post-award interest payable on that valuation sum (“VS”) determined by the
IA and accruing until the date of actual payment to settle the Scheme claim.

177 If the IA adopts my computation at **_Annex B_** , then the VS as at the
valuation date of 19 September 2006 should be the amount **_US$5,160,890._**
My computation in Annex B uses the following parameters which were ascertained
by the IA himself and which I have accepted and not interfered with:

(a) The same principal sum for the loss ascertained at US$3,176,168 (based on
the average of four repair estimates provided by IMODCO and Dolan) has been
used in my computation;

(b) The same 13.5% p.a. figure has been adopted as the interest and discount
rate for my computation;

(c) The same three years have been deducted from the interest period because
of delays contributed by RIL, thereby setting the start date of the interest
later as at 14 November 2002 instead of the earlier date of the writ on 26
October 1999;

(d) The IA’s use of the same compound interest formula at yearly rest instead
of the simple interest formula to compute the interest amount;

(e) I have assumed that the final judgment in India is likely to be sometime
towards the end of 2011 (_i.e._ in November 2011 for the purpose of the
computation in **_Annex B_**). But if the IA assesses the likely date for the
final judgment to be at some other date, then he has to re-compute
accordingly.

178 The calculations are for a valuation as at 19 September 2006, which also
represents the notional date on which payment by RNA of the VS sum of
**_US$5,160,890_** is expected to have been made in full and final settlement
of the Scheme claim. Of course, there may be some small administrative delays
in making actual payment which is understandable and which parties may
reasonably ignore if the delay is trivial and the actual interest loss due to
the administrative delays in payment is small.

179 But where in this case the VS sum is huge and the delay is very long, and
especially where the delay in payment in this case is already more than 2
years since the expected date of payment on 19 September 2006, I believe that
it is only right that further compound interest at an appropriate rate (based
perhaps on the normal bank interest rates for an unsecured debt in Singapore)
is payable on the delayed payment by RNA referenced to 19 September 2006.
Since this is supposed to be a solvent Scheme which renders full compensation
on all commutated Scheme claims, and since this involves strictly a commercial
matter between commercial entities, no Scheme creditor should be unduly made
to suffer any large interest losses. On these issues, the observations raised
in the Law Commission in England in its Consultation Paper on "Compound
Interest" (2002, No 167) appear to me to be apposite.

180 I accept that it is the normal practice of the Singapore courts in
granting **_post-judgment interest_** on a simple and not on a compound basis.
However, this is not to say that the Singapore courts have no power to grant
post-judgment interest on a compound basis in an appropriate case where
justice requires it. An example would be where a very long period is expected
to elapse from the date of judgment to the expected actual date of payment or
where the post-judgment period has been prolonged (as in this case), or worse
where the judgment debtor is going to delay making payment of the judgment
debt in order to benefit from the low cost to him of the simple post-judgment
interest in the court order on the judgment debt, while he benefits by
investing that money elsewhere to obtain a higher or compound interest return.
A judgment debtor ought not to be allowed to benefit from his procrastination
in this way.

181 Order 42 r 12 of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R5, 2006 Rev Ed) in my view
does not prohibit the granting of compound post-judgment interest _per se_. It
merely states the rate of interest (now adjusted to 5.88% p.a.) to be used for
post-judgment debts but it is silent on the manner of computing that interest
whether on a simple or compound basis using that specified interest rate
directed by the Chief Justice. Order 42 r 12 states:

**Interest on judgment debts (O. 42, r. 12)**

**12.** Except when it has been otherwise agreed between the parties, every
judgment debt shall carry interest at the rate of 6% per annum or at such
other rate as the Chief Justice may from time to time direct or at such other
rate not exceeding the rate aforesaid as the Court directs, such interest to
be calculated from the date of judgment until the judgment is satisfied:

Provided that this rule shall not apply when an order has been made under
section 43 (1) or (2) of the Subordinate Courts Act (Chapter 321).

182 The IA must, in my view, therefore consider the following in his expert
re-determination:

(a) Does paragraph 2.2 of the Scheme prohibit the payment of such post-award
interest subsequent to the valuation date accruing up to the actual date of
payment in satisfaction of the award, having regard to the fact that **_the
exception to paragraph 2.2 applies_** since this Scheme claim from OIC is
derived from a court judgment and the further fact that this is supposed to be
a solvent scheme where Scheme creditors are to be paid in full?

(b)  If paragraph 2.2 does not legally prohibit the payment of such interest
on the “VS” post the valuation date, then should the IA exercise his
discretion to award interest on the “VS” from 19 September 2006 to the actual
date of payment having regard to all relevant circumstances including the fact
that there has already been a very long delay in making payment by RNA to its
Scheme creditors under the Scheme?

(c) Is any party culpably responsible for any delay in payment of the “VS”? If
no party is responsible for any delay, then should any Scheme creditor to be
penalised for the loss of interest occasioned by the long delay? How should
the interest loss be computed?

(d) What is the appropriate interest rate to apply for such an interest
payment on the unpaid “VS” that is post the valuation date to the actual date
of payment? Is the Singapore’s court post-judgment interest rate of 5.88% p.a.
from the date of judgment to the date of payment of the judgment debt to be
followed as a guide or is some other interest rate to be applied? Is simple
interest or compound interest at yearly rest to be used having regard to the
very long period between the valuation date of 19 September 2006 and the
expected date of actual payment of the VS? Are there sufficient reasons to
adopt or deviate from the court’s normal practice to award simple interest on
post-judgment debts or should compound interest be awarded in this particular
case due to the prolonged period between the valuation date and the date of
actual payment having regard to normal commercial practice and the
expectations of the parties for interest on unsecured loans? Should the IA, as
the expert, rely on his actuarial experience to determine whether simple or
compound interest on VS from valuation date to actual date of payment should
be awarded?

(e) As was stated by the IA in his written determination that in exercising
his judgment and discretion, he had to ensure that the claim settlement was
fair and equitable to the parties concerned given the circumstances governing
the case. If the interest post the valuation date till date of actual payment
is not contractually prohibited by the Scheme, then it is worth noting that it
is only fair and equitable on principle that interest should be awarded
especially when such a long delay is involved and OIC has been kept out of
pocket for so long whilst RNA is unfairly enjoying the fruits of the delay.
Imposition of interest also ensures that payment on the ascertained Scheme
claim as at the valuation date is made promptly by RNA without any unnecessary
delay. Otherwise, RNA will take its sweet time to pay the Scheme claims much
to the detriment of the Scheme creditors.

(f) Further, the IA pursuant to paragraph 5.1(b) of the Scheme has to re-set
the “Independent Adjudicator’s Ascertainment Date”. RIL will then be obliged
under paragraph 5.1(a) to pay in full to all Scheme creditors all their
“Approved Scheme Claims” (_i.e._ all Scheme claims determined by the Scheme
Manager and all disputed claims have been adjudicated by the IA) no later than
30 days after the “Independent Adjudicator’s Ascertainment Date”.

183 Until the IA completes this second aspect of the determination, the
parties will still be at a loss as to the exact amount (“VS” plus interest, if
any and in what form, from valuation date to actual payment date) that is
payable to OIC as at the actual date of payment by RNA. The IA must complete
his task and assist the parties in this regard as the interest involved on the
very large “VS” will be significant in amount since the delay in payment has
now stretched to over two years from the valuation date of 19 September 2006.
As the IA had left this issue unresolved at the end of his earlier
determination, the IA will now have the opportunity to fully resolve it for
the parties.

184 The IA’s job is only finished when the parties are clear on the exact
amount to be paid for the commutated Scheme claim, including all the interest
components up to the actual date of payment. If the date of actual payment is
uncertain, the courts generally specify just the modality of calculating the
amount of the post-judgment interest _e.g._ simple interest at 5.88% p.a. to
be paid on the judgment sum awarded from date of judgment till the actual date
of payment. The court’s practice is therefore to specify the interest
formulation clearly, and then leave the parties themselves to work out
mathematically the actual amount of the interest payable that is post the
judgment date until the date of actual payment. This formulation can be
adopted by the IA if he so wishes.

185 To further assist the IA when he assesses the post-award interest, my
interpretation of paragraph 2.2 of the Scheme after having heard the parties
is that paragraph 2.2 does not preclude the granting of interest from the
valuation date to the date of payment (_i.e._ interest on the “determination
debt” arising out of the IA’s determination which is analogous to interest on
a “judgment debt” arising out of the court’s judgment). The words in paragraph
2.2 -- “ _The Company shall make no payment under the Scheme for interest in
respect of a Scheme Claim_ ” are applicable only when the exception does not
apply. The exception is “ _except that where a Scheme Creditor is entitled to
interest under any statute, contract or** _court order_** , he shall to that
extent be entitled to claim interest…”_. Where the exception applies as in
this case _i.e._ where OIC is entitled to an indemnity by RNA for the interest
likely to be awarded under a Surat court order against OIC, OIC is to that
extent entitled to claim interest for the period up to one day before payment.
This suggests to me that the Scheme in fact envisages post-award interest to
be payable up to one day before actual payment for all cases falling within
the exception, as this case does, so that Scheme creditors are not short-
changed when the exception applies. Only when the exception is not applicable,
_e.g._ in a case where the Scheme claim is derived from or has as its origins
in a claim under a contract or a court order that excludes any entitlement to
claim interest for the principal sum of the loss from the date of the loss to
the date of judgment or the date of payment of the damages, then the Company
(RNA) shall make no payment under the Scheme for interest for such a Scheme
claim (which is not the case here).

186 This interpretation also makes commercial and business sense because this
is supposed to be a solvent scheme for RNA to pay all ascertained claims in
full. The spirit of true commutation (see [58]) and the purpose behind the
solvent Scheme must also be observed. If the Scheme claim is one where the
insured is entitled to claim interest on his loss till the date of payment or
if the insured is entitled under a court order to claim interest from the date
of his loss to the date of judgment and thereafter further interest on the
judgment sum till the date of payment, then it does not appear sensible for
the solvent Scheme to cap or limit the interest payment by RNA on the Scheme
claim and stop it running on a fixed valuation date and ignore the interest
that is still accruing on the Scheme creditor’s commuted claim as from the
valuation date till the date of final payment and settlement by RNA, whereupon
rightfully, interest should then stop running as it is then up to the Scheme
creditor to best invest the payment received from RNA to secure a return that
will enable him to cover, as in this case, his potential liability before the
Surat court after he has obtained the settlement payment from RNA.

Breach of natural justice

187 That leaves me with the final contention from OIC on a matter that is
unrelated to the discount computation and interest. OIC argued that the IA
breached the rules of natural justice by not ordering the disclosure of
certain documents that were in RNA’s possession. Those documents are, _inter
alia_ , (a) legal opinions of RNA’s solicitors who have conduct of the
proceedings in India as the lead insurer; and (b) opinions obtained from
experts on the extent of OIC’s liability in those proceedings to RIL. The IA’s
failure to order the disclosure of those documents, according to OIC, denied
it an opportunity to properly present its case at the hearing before the IA.
OIC contended that it was severely handicapped in its submissions without
these documents.

**_No legal privilege_**

188 RNA argued that the documents were protected by legal professional
privilege from disclosure to OIC. OIC submitted that this privilege argument
was a non-starter for the following reasons:

(a) On first principle and simple logic, RNA cannot claim privilege against
OIC. OIC was the named defendant in the Surat proceedings and their lawyers
were appointed by RNA, who had conduct of the matter. The opinion of OIC’s own
lawyers (even though appointed by RNA) cannot be privileged as against OIC.
This common sense position is clearly supported by the case law.

(b) In the case of _Commercial Union Assurance v Mander_ [1996] 2 Lloyd’s Rep
640, the English Commercial Court considered a similar issue. The court
considered contending arguments as to whether reinsurers could avoid giving
discovery of documents to insurers on the basis that the interest was in
conflict at that point in time.

189 Justice Moore-Bick considered the matter and stated as follows:

The question whether reinsurers have a legal right to obtain disclosure of
confidential documents relating to the handling of the original claim is
closely linked to the extent of their practical interest but also raises wider
questions. Mr Howars submitted that the issue has to be judged by reference to
the time when Clyde & Co were instructed, rather than at any subsequent date,
and that the fact that a dispute may subsequently have arisen between the
parties so that their interests are now in conflict cannot affect the matter.
On this point I think he is certainly correct. The passages in Phipson and
Halsbury to which I have referred and the authorities on which they are based
show that the right to obtain disclosure of documents in this context depends
on their having been obtained by one party in furtherance of a joint interest,
and in that sense on behalf of all those who share it. In a case where the
documents contain legal advice that joint interest must exist at the time the
advice is sought, and if it exists at that time it is not lost simply because
the parties subsequently fall out: see, for example, _CIA Barca v Wimpey._ The
fact that the interest of two parties are potentially in conflict does not in
my view prevent their having a sufficient joint interest in the subject matter
of the advice at the time it is sought to bring this principle into operation.

190 Further in Winterthur Swiss Insurance Company The National Insurance &
Guarantee Corporation Limited v AG ( Manchester) Limited (in liquidation) &
others [2006] EWHC 839 (Comm), the English High Court considering a similar
issue stated unequivocally as follows:

The principle is that if party B has a sufficiently common interest in
communications that are held by party A, then party B can obtain disclosure of
those communications from party A even though, as against third parties, the
communications would be privileged from production by virtue of legal
professional privilege.

191 I accept OIC’s submission that there is no legal privilege here preventing
disclosure of the documents requested by OIC from RNA. The above judicial
pronouncements of the English courts are highly persuasive in Singapore and
are consistent with established legal principles. The principal consideration
is to ascertain whether a common interest exists between the parties when the
documents are prepared. If the documents are prepared pursuant to a joint
interest, then the subsequent fall out between the parties cannot be a reason
for the person in possession of the documents to deny the other access to the
said documents. Legal privilege cannot be asserted against a party who at the
inception of the preparation of the documents shares a joint interest.

192 In the present case, when the legal opinions were obtained by RNA on the
proceedings in Surat and when experts had commented on RIL’s claim before the
Surat court, both RNA and OIC obviously shared a common interest. Thus, based
on the above cases and established common law principles, I reject RNA’s
submission that these documents are privileged from disclosure.

**_No due process rule of natural justice for expert determination_**

193 RNA submitted that such an argument must fail in _limine_ because of the
unique features of expert determination. Rajah J in _Evergreat_ (_supra_ [27])
explained those features in the following passages (at [35] – [36]):

35 … An expert is permitted to inject into the process his personal expertise
and to make his own inquiries without any obligation to seek the parties’
views or consult them. An expert is also not obliged to make a decision on the
basis of the evidence presented to him. He can act on his subjective opinion;
that is the acid test.

36 There are two fundamental aspects or facets of natural justice that
generally apply to dispute resolution. The first is that a decision maker
should be disinterested in the outcome. The second is due process; both
parties have the right to be heard on all the issues that are to be
determined. _This second facet of natural justice does not apply to an
expert’s determination_. This is the single most significant distinction
between expert determination and litigation/arbitration. [emphasis added]

194 Unless the parties have expressly or impliedly incorporated the “due
process” rule of natural justice into their Scheme or contract under which the
IA is to determine the dispute (which was not done in this case), it is wholly
discordant to argue that a rule of natural justice exists to compel the IA to
grant requests for disclosure of documents, when in the first place, the IA is
not even obliged to make a decision on the basis of the evidence presented to
him and he can adopt an inquisitorial or an investigative approach without
referring the results to the parties before deciding on the matter. Remedies
for such procedural irregularity available in arbitration are basically absent
in an expert determination.

195 The following passage from _Kendall_ (_supra_ [36]) at [1.1.2] was quoted
with approval in _Evergreat_ (_supra_ [27]):

_The crucial difference between expert determination and arbitration lies in
the procedure and the absence of remedies for procedural irregularity in
expert determination_. An arbitration award may be set aside because the
procedure fails to conform to the **_statutory standard of fairness_** which
**_is closely derived from the principles of natural justice_** : **_no such
remedy is generally available to invalidate an expert’s decision._** _An
expert can adopt an inquisitorial, investigative approach, and need not refer
the results to the parties before making the decision. An arbitrator needs the
parties’ permission to take the initiative, and must refer the results to the
parties before making the award._ [emphasis added]

196 I further observe that the IA’s power to request for further documents is
addressed in paragraph 4(ii) of Schedule 2 of the Scheme. It reads:

(ii) The Independent Adjudicator shall be entitled to request such further
information or documents from the parties _as he may consider necessary._
[Emphasis added]

197 OIC made several requests for discovery of those documents via letter to
the IA and highlighted the importance of those documents to its case. The IA
declined to grant such an order. Unlike the context of arbitration where an
award may be set aside if a party is unable to present its case (see _e.g._
Art 34(2)(a)(ii) of the UNCITRAL Model Law on International Commercial
Arbitration), there is no such equivalent in the context of an expert
determination. There is therefore no merit to this objection.

198 I further note that the IA had regarded these documents to be irrelevant
for the purposes of his determination. He was of the view that there was
already ample relevant material placed before him on which he could properly
proceed to make his determination. In my view, it is entirely within the IA’s
discretion to consider the amount and kind of documents he needs to make a
determination. In this largely procedural area of the determination, it is not
for the court to interfere willy-nilly with the IA’s exercise of his
discretion. Given that the IA had found that he had ample relevant material
already, I also cannot see how he has not exercised due care and diligence
when the IA declined OIC’s requests for discovery of documents which the IA
did not find were relevant to his determination in any event. The IA may adopt
any procedure or process that he sees fit and appropriate to do so in his
assessment, be it an inquisitorial, adversarial or any other hybrid process.
That decision of the IA must be regarded as final and non-reviewable. I
further note that no procedural rules governing his determination had been set
out in the Scheme. If so, then it is simply not persuasive to argue that he
could have acted outside his remit here.

199 Moreover, the opinion rendered by the lawyers on whether RIL’s claim in
India will likely succeed is entirely irrelevant. The opinion of lawyers on
the likelihood or probability of success of the law suit in India, in fact,
should not be considered by the IA at all because the IA should be examining
and evaluating only the primary facts and the evidence presented to him to
determine whether RIL’s claim in India will likely succeed on the liability
issue. He has to apply his independent mind to the liability issue based on
the relevant evidence presented to him and not on such irrelevant opinion of
counsel. The IA should not be influenced in any way by these views/opinions of
any of the lawyers given to their own clients of the likelihood of success or
the strengths and weaknesses of their clients’ cases. Such views/opinions of
the lawyers add no value and in fact, may distort the whole independent
process of evaluation of the factual evidence placed before the IA if the IA
were indeed to factor such opinions of the lawyers into his evaluation of the
liability issue. The IA’s decision not to accede to RIL’s application for the
disclosure of the opinions of RNA’s lawyers is in my view eminently correct.

200 Going into some specifics, the IA had basically decided on the premise
that RIL would likely succeed in its claim in India against OIC. If it were
otherwise, then IA would not have awarded even the sum of US$3,840,584 against
RNA, which must necessarily be on the basis that RNA would be responsible to
pay OIC for 38.35% of the successful claim by RIL against OIC in India under
its reinsurance contract. As a practical consideration, now that the IA had
decided in favour of OIC in terms of RNA’s liability to it, there should no
longer be any basis for OIC to complain that the IA’s refusal to allow its
application for discovery of documents in relation to the question of
liability had prejudiced OIC. OIC suffered no disadvantage or prejudice from
its failure to obtain the discovery of the lawyers’ opinions on the likely
outcome of RIL’s suit in India since the IA had in fact evaluated the Scheme
claim on the basis that RIL would succeed in its claim in India on the
liability issue.

201 That leaves essentially the quantification of the loss. Again, the opinion
of the lawyers for OIC on engineering and technical matters, including the
question of CTL and the proper manner to quantify the magnitude of the loss
before the Indian court, is entirely irrelevant. Furthermore, these lawyers
will be in no position to render any opinion on matters not within their
domain expertise at all. I do not see how the lawyers’ own views on the
viability, weakness and strength of the various expert evidence concerning
engineering and technical matters and the highly technical quantification of
the loss, can be of any assistance to the expert determiner. Expertise on the
quantification of loss lay with technical experts like IMODCO and Dolan in
relation to the repair costs, whether done in or outside of India. But such
evidence was already made available to the IA. The IA was entitled to weigh
such evidence and consider for himself how he would treat it to arrive at his
own independent expert quantification of the repair costs having regard to the
various probabilities and contingencies and all other relevant facts he
considers necessary to take into account. The IA was entirely right to regard
the documents sought for discovery by OIC to be entirely irrelevant. On the
whole, I accept the following submissions from RNA that:

(a) OIC were already party and privy to the Indian court papers sought in the
discovery;

(b) Solicitors’ opinions on Indian proceedings, which were in any event
matters of opinion and therefore irrelevant;

(c) All the relevant survey reports had already been disclosed;

(d) RNA’s reserve, was a commercial decision made by RNA and thus irrelevant
to the issue of quantification; and

(e) It was agreed under the Scheme that the proofs of debt would be determined
by an industry expert – the IA and not by some lawyers advising the parties.

202 Further, expert determination is a simple system of dispute resolution
that the scheme creditors and RNA had voluntarily and contractually chosen to
facilitate quick and efficient determination of all disputed Scheme claims.
Strict timelines had also been set in the Scheme which were not to be extended
unless there were exceptional circumstances. Schedule 2 of the Scheme states:

3\. The use of an Independent Adjudicator is intended to avoid the delay and
expense of court proceedings that may take place in Singapore, while ensuring
that the issue will be dealt with impartially.

…

4(v) To ensure that proceedings before the Independent Adjudicator are
conducted expeditiously and to save time and costs, the length of the hearing
shall be limited to **_one full 8-hour day_**. At the hearing, parties will be
given four hours each to make such representations as they may reasonably
require.

4(vi) The Independent Adjudicator shall issue a non-speaking determination in
writing in relation to the issues in dispute (“Written Determination”) within
**_2 weeks_** of the date of the hearing, in any event by or **_no later than
the Independent Adjudicator’s Ascertainment Date_**.

4(ix) Extension of the above time-frames may be granted by the Independent
Adjudicator in his absolute discretion, but only in **_exceptional
circumstances_**. [emphasis added]

203 Bearing in mind the tight timelines and if the IA was of the opinion that
he had enough evidence to perform the quantification of the loss based on the
experts’ evidence, and no further evidence was needed, I am of the view that
the IA, as the expert determiner, is entitled to make his determination on the
available evidence before him without considering the further evidence sought
by RIL that might be available and might possibly throw more light on the
matter. It is for him to decide the boundaries of what and how much evidence
he needs for his determination. It is up to the IA if he wants to be
overwhelmed and swarmed by ensuring every piece of evidence, relevant or
peripherally relevant, is available before deciding, or he can decide that he
has enough evidence already to make a satisfactory and proper determination
without delay and he proceeds to make that determination accordingly. Speed
and finality is a key advantage of the expert determination process and
indiscriminate discovery will detract from that. It is worthwhile to note
[1.1.1] in _Kendall_ (_supra_ [36]):

…on a practical level, Expert Determination has apparently been attractive,
largely because it is less expensive and speedier, avoids the rigours of the
application of the rules of evidence and procedure and offers a finality which
avoids delay, potential re-hearings and appeals, which is particularly
suitable especially where an expert knowledge of the subject is required. …

204 Given the time constraints that the IA was working under, I do not think
it was unreasonable of him in any way to have decided that he had enough
expert evidence to work on to reach his final determination on the quantum of
the loss. I accept RNA’s submission that the speed and efficiency, of
importance in Schemes like the present one that involve commutation among many
insurance creditors, will be lost if the system of expert determination were
to be bogged down by the formalities and procedural niceties of more complex
systems of dispute resolution like litigation or arbitration. The foundation
for this submission rests on the following [1.6.10] -[1.6.11] in _Kendall_
(_supra_ [36]):

Does the system require the observation of the “due process” rule of natural
justice, the requirement that each party must be given a fair opportunity to
be heard? This requirement does not apply to expert determination unless the
parties expressly or impliedly agree that it should. This may at first sight
seem somewhat shocking. However, consider the detailed implications of this
rule as worked out in English law. The rule requires that all matters put to
the tribunal by each party have to be disclosed to the other party and that
the other party must also have the opportunity of rebuttal. The rule also
requires the tribunal to make known the result of its own investigations to
the parties and to give them the same opportunity of rebuttal. This is a much
more demanding standard than simple fairness, which applies in some form to
every binding system. The basic standard of fairness in expert determination
is contractual, which does not mean that the requirements of due process must
be followed. Some expert determination clauses incorporate due process rules
into an expert determination. There seems little point in this: why not just
have an arbitration?

…Expert determination is a binding system, but does not operate by due
process… The existence of a binding system without due process sometimes
causes alarm, but the absence of due process is the essential difference in
procedure between expert determination on the one hand and arbitration on the
other. If people want a simpler system, something of the formality of the more
complex systems has to be jettisoned.

205 Hence due process is not relevant to an expert determination. Even reasons
need not be given by the expert for his determination, unless the parties have
expressly provided for it, let alone the issue of what evidence is considered
necessary for him to examine before he reaches his determination. Cooke J made
this very clear at [95] in _Bernhard Schulte GmbH & Co KG v Nile Holdings Ltd_
[2004] 2 Lloyd’s Rep 355, where he explained that:

There is an essential distinction between judicial decisions and expert
decisions, although the reason for the distinction has been variously
expressed. There is no useful purpose in phraseology such as “quasi judicial”
or “quasi arbitral” as Lord Simon made plain in _Arenson_ and although the use
of the word “expert” is not conclusive, the historic phrase “acting as an
expert and not as an arbitrator” connotes a concept which is clear in its
effect. A person sitting in a judicial capacity decides matters on the basis
of submissions and evidence put before him, whereas the expert, subject to the
express provisions of his remit, is entitled to carry out his own
investigations, form his own opinion and come to his own conclusion regardless
of any submissions or evidence adduced by the parties themselves. Although,
contrary to what is said in some of the authorities, there are many expert
determinations of matters where disputes have already arisen between the
parties, there is a difference in the nature of the decision made and as
_Kendall_ points out in para 1.2, 15.6.1 and 16.9.1., the distinction is drawn
and the effect spelt out, namely that **_there is no requirement of the rules
of natural justice or due process to be followed in an expert determination in
order for that determination to be valid and binding between the parties_**.
[emphasis added]

206 Accordingly, given that OIC itself had agreed to the IA procedure as the
mode of dispute resolution over its Scheme claim, there is no basis for it now
to complain that it lacks the procedural safeguards found in arbitration or
litigation.

Personal liability for negligence of an expert engaged in an expert
determination

207 In a case where the contractual terms of engagement of the independent
expert are silent on his liability in negligence to the parties engaging him
to determine the dispute, there is the interesting question whether he will be
personally liable to the party who can prove that it has suffered a loss as a
result of the independent expert acting negligently and making an error in the
course of his expert determination. The authorities below suggest that the
independent expert can be sued for professional negligence if he is shown to
have acted negligently. As V K Rajah J said at [20] in _Geowin_ (_supra_ [47])
that:

20 The defendant’s complaints in the application are, in essence, no more than
a back-door attempt to reopen the very prohibition stipulated by the SA to wit
that the Award “is final and no appeal shall lie against such decision”. As
pointed out earlier (see at [7] above) even assuming _arguendo_ that the
Expert was mistaken or has made an error, **_the proper remedy for the
defendant is to bring an action against the Expert for negligence._**
[emphasis added]

The following passage from _Kendall_ (_supra_ [36]) at [1.1.2] was quoted with
approval by Rajah J in _Evergreat_ (_supra_ [27]):

Experts are often loosely described as being some kind of arbitrator. The fact
is that they are not. **_Experts are a distinct species of dispute resolver
whose activities are subject to little or no control by the court_** , from
whose decisions there is no appeal, **_but who may nevertheless be liable for
negligence in performing these otherwise unreviewable functions._**
Arbitrators, by contrast, are subject to control by the court, some of their
decisions are, at least in theory, subject to appeal, and they are immune from
actions for negligence.

Mason P also made the same observations at p 596 – 597 in _Holt v Cox_ (1997)
23 ACSR 590, a decision of the New South Wales Court of Appeal:

As McHugh JA develops in more detail in his judgment in _Legal & General_,
these and other recent authorities depart from earlier statements of the law
in that they recognise it is insufficient for a dissatisfied party to point to
some mistake in the reasoning process exposed by the expert valuer. At least
as a matter of common law, a valuation will stand if it satisfies the
description given in the contract between the parties. The readiness in the
courts to provide greater latitude for experts to choose between different
valuation methods and, within limits, to make errors in assessing facts or
taking matters into consideration or declining to take matters into
consideration, is influenced by **_the recognition in _Arenson v Arenson__**
** _[1977] AC 405 and _Sutcliffe v Thackrah__** **_[1974] AC 727 that the
expert who negligently determines a valuation will be held liable in damages
to the party suffering loss in consequence of the expert’s negligence.
[_**_emphasis added]_

208 This means that the expert will be exposing himself to very high personal
financial risk and a huge potential liability if he does not insure himself
adequately for professional negligence before taking up such assignments to
act as an expert determiner. In a case such as this, an error will be very
costly as large sums are involved. The manifest error in this case will result
in a potential loss of some US$2m to OIC if uncorrected by the IA. Were I not
to remit the determination back to the IA to address the manifest error on the
discount computation and to correct the other glaring error of valuing the
Scheme claim at the correct valuation date at the same time, then the IA could
well be unnecessarily exposed personally to a potentially huge negligence
claim if he is insufficiently insured professionally. Now that I have remitted
it back to the IA, this issue is academic.

Legal consequences of IA’s negligence in the scheme

209 Whilst examining the Scheme in the course of this case, I have some
difficulty deciphering whether the Scheme has expressly provided that the IA
will be liable either contractually or tortiously if he is found to have acted
negligently in the course of his determination.

210 Paragraph 4.6 of the Scheme provides that the parties shall have no right
to make any claim against the IA for his determination of the dispute, and
that will necessarily exclude any claim in negligence against the IA for any
lack of due care and diligence in carrying out his expert determination under
the Scheme which may have resulted in a loss to any party to the Scheme:

4.6 Subject to any mandatory applicable law, the determination of the
Independent Adjudicator in respect of any differences or disputes referred to
him pursuant to any provision of this Scheme shall be final and binding on the
Company and the Scheme Creditor, and **_there shall be_** no right of appeal
therefrom, and **_no right to make any claim against the Independent
Adjudicator in respect thereof_**. [emphasis added]

211 However, paragraph 9.5 of the Scheme appears to state to the contrary that
if there is any loss attributable to the IA’s own negligence in the course of
his expert determination, the IA may be liable for the loss:

9.5 No Scheme Creditor shall be entitled to challenge the validity of any act
done or permitted to be done in good faith and with due care and diligence by
the Independent Adjudicator pursuant to the provisions of the Scheme or in the
exercise or performance of any power, right, duty or function conferred upon
him under the Scheme and **the Independent Adjudicator shall not be liable for
any loss _unless any such loss is attributable to his own negligence, wilful
default, wilful breach of duty or trust, fraud or dishonesty._**

212 With such contradictory positions in the Scheme, the _contra proferentum_
rule will probably apply and an interpretation in favour of the IA will be
likely such that the IA may be regarded as immune under paragraph 4.6, which
displaces the effect of the proviso in paragraph 9.5. Thus the party suffering
the loss may have no remedy if the loss is occasioned by the negligence of the
IA in his determination.

213 Accordingly, I am to some extent speculating that the parties to the
Scheme may have wisely decided to insulate themselves contractually from such
an eventuality by entrenching safeguards in the following paragraphs in the
Scheme which expressly stipulate that the IA has to act with due care and
diligence and in good faith:

9.4 In exercising his powers and rights and in carrying out his duties and
functions under the Scheme, **_the Independent Adjudicator shall act in good
faith and with due care and diligence in the interests of the Scheme Creditors
as a whole_** and shall exercise his powers and rights under the Scheme to
**_ensure that the Scheme is operated in accordance with its terms_**.

9.5 ** _No Scheme Creditor shall be entitled to challenge_** the validity of
**_any act_** done or permitted to be **_done in good faith and with due care
and diligence by the Independent Adjudicator_** pursuant to the provisions of
the Scheme or in the exercise or performance of any power, right, duty or
function conferred upon him under the Scheme and **the Independent Adjudicator
shall not be liable for any loss _unless_ any such loss is attributable to his
own negligence, wilful default, wilful breach of duty or trust, fraud or
dishonesty.**

214 Hence if the IA fails to act with due care and diligence, and an error
results from his negligence, paragraph 9.5 of the Scheme expressly entitles
the Scheme creditor to challenge the validity of that part of the
determination in the same way a Scheme creditor can challenge the validity of
any act that the IA has done or permitted to be done in bad faith. Through the
above express terms of reference, it is my view that the parties have
specifically chosen to expand the scope for challenge to include challenging
negligent mistakes made by the IA in the course of his expert determination.
This means that the parties have expressly provided for a wider reviewability
by the courts for this particular modified form of expert determination by the
IA, which will not be limited to material departure from instructions,
manifest errors and bad faith, bias, collusion, fraud, breach of trust,
dishonesty or the like. The scope of reviewability of the IA’s determination
is for the parties to decide and specify. The Scheme creditors, in particular
OIC, and RNA itself must have known that large commutation sums are going to
be assessed and therefore, it is not surprising that all the parties including
RNA have decided to expand the reviewability of the decision of the IA by the
courts to include negligent errors in determination, thus allowing the
determination to be set aside and remitted to the IA for re-consideration on
account of any negligent errors. Basically, all the parties do not wish to be
bound by any negligent errors in the expert determination as it cannot be
predicted where and how the negligent error can arise, which party will suffer
a loss as a result of it and what the magnitude of the loss is going to be.
The error can potentially affect RNA adversely as much as it can affect the
Scheme creditors. The parties therefore agreed to contractually build in the
necessary safeguards against negligent errors in the expert determination
within the Scheme itself.

215 From a practical point of view, if negligent errors are uncorrectable,
then the parties may well be stuck with the consequences of an erroneous
expert determination by the IA while at the same time, the parties are also
left with no remedy because legally, a negligent claim against the IA is not
likely to succeed in view of the contradictory paragraphs in the Scheme in
relation to the personal liability of the IA for professional negligence in
his determination of the dispute brought to him for his expert determination.
I have to make clear that my views in this paragraph are obiter and are
completely irrelevant at the hearing of any potential negligence suit brought
against the IA.

216 In my view, the Scheme could have been better drafted to remove the
contradictions and eliminate the resulting ambiguities. Another instance that
the poor drafting may have contributed to a potentially operational deficiency
is the incorporation of the “non-speaking” requirement into the expert
determination under the Scheme which is generally not going to facilitate an
examination of the IA’s determination for negligent errors and for subsequent
challenge and reviewability by the courts on the ground of such negligent
errors. If the parties had wanted proper reviewability of the expert
determination for negligent errors, the better approach is to insert an
express requirement for the IA to provide a reasoned written determination. It
will be much more difficult to determine the existence of any negligent acts
on the part of the IA when no reasons or sparse reasons are given by the IA in
his determination since he is not required to provide a “speaking”
determination. In this respect, the present Scheme may have built in a
safeguard that is unsafe.

217 For avoidance of any doubt on my conclusions with respect to the
“safeguard” provided in the Scheme of “due care and diligence”, I have
summarily reviewed the underlying evidence and found that the IA had not acted
negligently when he decided the following:

(a) To average the four repair cost estimates provided by IMODCO and Dolan;

(b) That there was no CTL;

(c) That RIL had contributed to the delay in the proceedings in India;

(d) To deduct 3 years of interest on account of RIL’s contribution to the
delay in respect of the issue of the invasive inspection of the SPM;

(e) To commence the interest accrual from 14 November 2002;

(f) To adopt an interest rate and a discount rate of 13.5% p.a.;

(g) That paragraph 2.2 of the Scheme does not preclude the granting of
interest in this case;

(h) To use compound interest instead of the simple interest methodology.

218 However, my view is different with respect to the following **two matters
(a) and (b)** below in that the IA had acted without due care and diligence
in:

(a) Valuing the contingent liability on the cut-off date as opposed to the
Scheme stipulated valuation date of 19 September 2006;

(b) Performing the discount calculations such that only 1.5 years of compound
interest is allowed in total.

219 The relevant test I applied to determine that the IA had been negligent on
the above **two matters** is the _Bolam_ test with “the _Bolitho_ addendum” as
set out in the two recent Court of Appeal decisions, namely, _PlanAssure PAC
(formerly known as Patrick Lee PAC) v Gaelic Inns Pte Ltd_ [2007] 4 SLR 513 (“
_PlanAssure_ ”) and _JSI Shipping (S) Pte Ltd v Teofoongwonglcloong (a firm)_
[2007] 4 SLR 460, but modified accordingly to an expert determiner in the
insurance field. V K Rajah JA in _PlanAssure_ said _:_

The _Bolam_ test and “the _Bolitho_ addendum”

49 A preliminary point of contention in this appeal relates to the trial
judge’s failure to consider that the _Bolam_ test ([25] _supra_) has since
been qualified or clarified by the subsequent case of _Bolitho v City and
Hackney Health Authority_ [1998] AC 232 (“ _Bolitho_ ”), which “presented a
timely addendum to the _Bolam_ test” (_Khoo James v Gunapathy d/o Muniandy_
[2002] 2 SLR 414 (“ _Gunapathy_ ”) at [63]) and required evidence from a body
of experts to have a “logical basis” (_Bolitho_ at 242).

50 We note that the respondent quite sensibly does not dispute the
applicability and relevance of the “logical basis” requirement. It can now be
confidently stated that the application of the _Bolam_ test is necessarily
subject to and qualified by Lord Browne-Wilkinson’s statement in _Bolitho_ at
241–242 (“the _Bolitho_ addendum”), which, when adapted to the context of
auditors, would read as follows:

[T]he court is not bound to hold that a defendant [auditor] escapes liability
for negligent [auditing] just because he leads evidence from a number of
[auditing] experts who are genuinely of opinion that the defendant’s [audit]
accorded with sound [audit] practice. … [T]he court has to be satisfied that
the exponents of the body of opinion relied upon can demonstrate that such
opinion has a logical basis. In particular in cases involving, as they often
do, the weighing of risks against benefits, the judge before accepting a body
of opinion as being responsible, reasonable or respectable, will need to be
satisfied that, in forming their views, the experts have directed their minds
to the question of comparative risks and benefits and have reached a
defensible conclusion on the matter.

51 The _Bolitho_ addendum merely affirms the supervisory judicial
responsibility to ensure, at a minimum, that the expert opinion is defensible
and grounded in logic and plain common sense. This non-delegable adjudicatory
mandate to assess the appropriate standard of care cannot be seriously denied.
In this context, we also find the observations of Moffitt J in _Pacific
Acceptance Corporation Ltd v Forsyth_ (1970) 92 WN (NSW) 29 (“ _Pacific
Acceptance_ ”) at 75, cited by Ang J in _Gaelic Inns_ ([34] _supra_) at [11],
particularly pertinent:

When the conduct of an auditor is in question in legal proceedings it is not
the province of the auditing profession itself to determine what is the legal
duty of auditors or to determine what reasonable skill and care requires to be
done in a particular case, although what others do or what is usually done is
relevant to the question of whether there had been a breach of duty.

It follows, if the auditing profession or most of them fail to adopt some step
which despite their practice was reasonably required of them, such failure
does not cease to be a breach of duty because all or most of them did the
same.

52 When assessing whether a professional has been negligent, courts will
normally use as their benchmark the common practice within the relevant
profession. However, notwithstanding that an expert witness may have
considerable professional experience and knowledge about the reasonableness of
prevailing standards, the court retains the supervisory responsibility to
condemn an unjustifiably lax, albeit common, practice as negligent: see
_Edward Wong Finance Co Ltd v Johnson Stokes & Master_ [1984] AC 296.

53 In the light of the foregoing, even if the respondent’s expert’s evidence
of the respondent’s expert about prevailing standards is accepted, a pertinent
consideration is whether these standards fail the _Bolitho_ addendum.

220 Although OIC had argued that the IA had not exercised due care and
diligence, nevertheless OIC failed to present any other expert opinion on
affidavit evidence to show that the IA had been negligent in carrying out his
determination. Does it mean that in the absence of such other expert opinion,
I will not be able to exercise my judicial supervisory responsibility to
ensure that, at the minimum, the IA’s expert determination is defensible and
grounded in logic and plain common sense under the _Bolitho_ addendum? I do
not think so. If I am able to find that this minimum is in any event not
reached in this case because the IA was plainly and obviously wrong in the
above two matters and what was done was indefensible, not logical and against
plain common sense**,** then even in the absence of opinions from other
experts in the insurance field to say that the IA has been negligent or has
fallen below this minimum in his determination, I will be entitled to conclude
that the IA has not exercised sufficient due care and diligence in carrying
out his determination with respect to the **two matters** above; and for the
reasons that I have stated, I do conclude that was the case.

221 Hence, quite apart from the ground of manifest error, I am also remitting
the determination back to the IA for re-consideration on this other ground of
a lack of due care and diligence on the part of the IA in **_performing the
discount calculations_** (_i.e._ the second matter (b) above). In the course
of the re-determination, the IA will have the opportunity of correcting
perhaps also the other negligent error of valuing the contingent Scheme claim
on the wrong valuation date (_i.e._ the first matter (a) above), which the
parties did not have the opportunity to argue. To avoid any doubt, I reiterate
that I have not remitted the determination to the IA on the additional ground
of a lack of due care and diligence on the part of the IA in **_using the
wrong valuation date_**.

222 Since I have intervened by remitting the determination to the IA with the
consequence that a potential law suit for negligence against the IA has now
been avoided in this case, it behoves the IA to take extreme care this time in
his re-assessment and valuation to the relevant valuation date and to apply
the discount in the correct manner so as to do justice and fairness to the
parties, especially when this case involves very large sums of money. To
facilitate this, I have appended two sets of detailed sample calculations in
the Annexes to this judgment which I hope will provide sufficiently helpful
guidance to the IA when he does the re-computation and re-determination of the
valuation in accordance with his terms of reference under the Scheme.

Conclusion

223 For the foregoing reasons, the determination is remitted to the IA for his
specific re-consideration of the proper discount computation and with an
indication that he should also consider valuing the contingent liability at
the correct valuation date specified in the Scheme. I have left untouched his
determination of the principal sum of US$3,176,178 (before computation of
interest) which the IA has determined will have interest at 13.5% p.a.
accruing as from 14 November 2002 and not from the date of the loss.

224 Where an expert has answered the right question in the wrong way such that
it amounts to a manifest error, then it has to be remitted to him to be
corrected. The wrong interest amount allowed by the IA that flowed from the
erroneous discount calculation is a manifest error in the determination that
justly requires judicial intervention. That error has affected the final
quantum of the determination in a very significant way. The error cannot on
any account be characterised as trivial or _de minimis_. It was a manifest
error that would result in an obvious and serious injustice if left
uncorrected by the IA, Mr Law Song Keng, whom I do recognise is a highly
experienced and skilled insurance expert with outstanding credentials and an
impressive Curriculum Vitae and who has been specially selected for his wealth
of experience and expertise and specifically appointed by the parties to
resolve and value their Scheme claims strictly in accordance with the terms of
the Scheme.

225 I have provided a computation guide or template with detailed explanations
on how the calculation of the discount can be effected, which takes into
account the discount of the **_entire global assessed amount with the accrued
interest_** up to the likely date of the final court judgment in India, and
how the discounting of that global assessed amount back to the correct
valuation date can be done. It is however for the IA to relook at the whole
interest and discount computation with the guidance I have given and after
hearing the further submissions from the parties in order to:

(1) Ascertain the likely date on which the final judgment in India will be
delivered;

(2) Compute the likely total judgment sum by adding the principal sum earlier
estimated by the IA at US$3,176,168 for the purpose of the Scheme claim to the
accrued interest compounded annually at 13.5% p.a. up to the final date of
judgment;

(3) Discount that entire global sum back to the Scheme specified valuation
date of 19 September 2006 to obtain the valuation of the Scheme claim as at
the relevant date specified by the Scheme;

(4) Re-determine and re-stipulate the “Independent Adjudicator’s Ascertainment
Date” (defined in paragraph 1 of the Scheme) in accordance with paragraph
5.1(b) of the Scheme so that RNA makes payment to the Scheme creditors no
later than 30 days after the “Independent Adjudicator’s Ascertainment Date”
under paragraph 5.1(a) of the Scheme, unless there is a court order overriding
this.

(5) Decide if interest is further to be payable, and if so, the appropriate
rate of simple or compound interest to be given on that discounted sum
accruing as from the valuation date of 19 September 2006 to the date of actual
payment by RNA to OIC in satisfaction of the award.

226 When the principal sum ascertained by the IA is very large at
US$3,176,168, and when the interest and discount rate accepted by the IA is
set at a relatively high rate 13.5% p.a. (based on the letter dated 16 April
2008 from an Indian law firm attached at **_Annex 9_** of the IA’s
determination which states that the courts in India grant interest ranging
between 12% and 15 % p.a.), and when the period it is to be applied stretches
into a number of years as in this case, then the combination of these three
factors (_i.e_. large principal sum, high interest rate and long period of
accrual of interest) will have a very significant impact on the final total
quantum of the award computed as at the date of the Scheme specified valuation
date, and accordingly also on the amount of the final payment to be made at
the date of actual payment if further post-award interest is granted from the
valuation date to the date of actual payment on the award. For the reasons
stated, utmost due care and diligence must be taken in performing the
assessment, computation and valuation during the re-determination in order to
resolve the entire dispute for the parties.

227 I shall now hear the parties on costs.

_ANNEX A_

[LawNet Admin Note: Image 1 is viewable only to LawNet subscribers via the PDF
in the Case View Tools.]

Mathematically precise calculations based on certain facts found by IA and on
certain assumptions

Discount and interest rate adopted by IA: 13.5% p.a. (interest rate/discount
factor/time value of money)

[My own estimated date of final decision in India for the purpose of
illustration:

14 November 2011 (To be estimated by IA in his re-determination) ]

Cut-off date used as the valuation date by IA: 14 May 2007

(Error: Scheme had specified 19 September 2006 instead as the valuation date.)

Interest commencement date: IA allowed interest from 4.5 years prior to cut-
off date, _i.e._ 14 November 2002

Principal claim allowed by IA: US$3,176,168

Assumption: The Indian court will similarly find that RIL delayed the
inspection and accordingly will deprive  
approximately 3 years of interest from the date of writ of 27 October 1999.  
Scheme interest therefore also commences on the same date of 14 November 2002.

Amount of simple interest **_each year_** = 0.135 (_i.e._ 13.5% p.a.) x
US$3,176,168

= **_US$428,782.68_** (the amount of simple interest **_in every year_**)

Simple interest formula for 1.5 years of interest = US$3,176,168 x 0.135 x 1.5

= US$643,174.02 of total simple interest for 1.5 years

Simple interest formula for final sum after 1.5 years of interest

= US$3,176,168 x (1 + 0.135 x 1.5)

= US$3,819,342.02 (principal sum plus 1.5 years of simple interest)

Compound interest formula used by IA to compute 1.5 years of interest at
yearly rest

= US$3,176,168 x (1.1351.5 \- 1)

= **_US$664,415.91_** of total compound interest for 1.5 years

Total amount of interest in fact allowed by IA = **_US$644,416_** (which
proves that the IA had used the compound interest formula for interest at
13.5% p.a. compounded at yearly rest for 1.5 years.)

Compound interest formula used by IA to compute the final sum with 1.5 years
of interest

= US$3,176,168 x (1.1351.5)

= **_US$3,840,583.91_** (principal sum plus 1.5 years of compound interest at
13.5% p.a.)

Total principal sum plus compound interest allowed by IA

= US$3,176,168 + US$664,416

= **_US$3,840,584_** (which again proves that the IA had in fact used the
compound interest formula to obtain the total principal sum plus interest at
13.5% p.a. compounded at yearly rest for 1.5 years.)

Correct computation of valuation based on 14 May 2007 as the reference
valuation date

Using compound interest accruing at yearly rest, the total amount that the
court will award (principal sum plus interest compounded yearly over 9 years
at 13.5% p.a.) on an accrued claim of US$3,176,168 as at the future date of 14
November 2011 = US$3,176,168 x 1.1359 = US$9,928,101.75 on 14 November 2011
[_i.e._ future value as of 14 November 2011 of the principal sum plus 9 years
of compound interest at yearly rest.]

To discount the future value of US$9,928,101.75 payable under the Indian court
order on 14 November 2011 back to a present day value effective as on the cut-
off date of 14 May 2007 = US$9,928,101.75 / **_1.135 4.5_** =
**_US$5,615,453.59_** [_i.e._ present value of the principal plus interest as
on 14 May 2007, which mathematically assumes payment on 14 May 2007 without
any delay.] The discount period from 14 November 2011 back to 14 May 2007 is
4.5 years, which explains the use of the figure in bold and underlined in the
**_divisor_** above of **_1.135 4.5_** in the discount formula.

Basically, the total interest that should be allowed is US$5,615,453.59 –
US$3,176,168 = **_US$2,439,285_** instead of US$664,416 as computed by the IA.

This interest computed of US$2,439,285 is equivalent to US$2,439,285 /
US$428,782.68 = **_5.689_** years equivalent of simple interest.

Effectively the 9 years period is conceptually reduced by or discounted by
**_3.311_** years to obtain the equivalent of 5.689 years of simple interest.

The 3.311 years of discount that I arrived at above is in fact very close to
the 3 years of discount used by the IA. Hence, the discount of 3 years as a
numerical number used by the IA is in my view fair for a discount of the
future Indian court judgment sum expected on 14 November 2011 back to the
valuation date assumed by the IA as 14 May 2007.

Let me now adopt the same 3 years discount that the IA had in fact used in his
determination to compute the amount payable under the Scheme (instead of the
3.311 years discount that I had accurately computed on a mathematical basis).
The manifest error is in subtracting the 3 years discount from the period of
4.5 years from the start date 14 November 2002 to the cut-off date of 14 May
2007, thereby giving only **_1.5 years of interest._** The IA ought to have
subtracted the 3 years discount from the whole 9 years from the start date 14
November 2002 to the date expected of the Indian court judgment on 14 November
2011, which would have given **_6 years of interest_**. As can be seen from
the time line above, RNA would have been entitled anyway to the accrued past
interest of 4.5 years that had accruing continuously for the past period from
14 November 2002 (actual allowed interest commencement date by IA) to 14 May
2007. To discount a past period’s interest of 4.5 years again by deducting 3
years from it is to commit a manifest error of a double discount.

Essentially, the manifest error is to have ignored the fact that the
US$3,176,168 was also earning interest for the prior or past 4.5 years from 14
November 2002 to the cut-off date.

The subtraction of 3 years should therefore be for the whole period of 9 years
(from 14 November 2002 to 14 November 2011), giving 6 years of interest to be
allowed instead of the erroneous 1.5 years of interest eventually allowed by
the IA.

Accordingly, the total interest that should have been allowed is 6 years x
US$428,782.68 of simple interest p.a. = US$2,572,696.

Total scheme claim correctly valued as at the cut-off date of 14 May 2007 =
US$3,176,168 (_i.e._ principal sum) + US$2,572,696 (_i.e._ 6 years of simple
interest) = **_US$5,748,864 (the approximate amount based on 3 years discount
used by the IA_** _)._

More precisely, the total scheme claim correctly valued as at the cut-off date
of 14 May 2007 should be based on 3.311 years of discount = US$3,176,168
(_i.e._ principal sum) + US$2,439,285 (_i.e._ 5.689 years of simple interest)
= **_US$5,615,453.59 (the exact amount based on 3.311 years discount)_**

Conclusion

The manifest error in the IA’s mathematical computation is very substantial as
the difference between the correct amount and the wrong amount is US$5,748,864
– US$3,840,584 = **_US$1,908,280 (based on a 3 years discount used by the
IA)_**.

If the mathematically more precise 3.311 years of discount were to be used,
then the manifest error in mathematical computation results in a slightly
smaller difference, which is nevertheless still very substantial at
US$5,615,453.59 – US$3,840,584 = **_US$1,774,869.59 (based on a 3.311 years
discount that I have computed_**).

The above calculations seem very long only because of the detailed explanation
in order to achieve clarity. An accountant or mathematician can readily verify
the above and can compute very quickly in only a few steps to get the correct
mathematical answers based on the same facts and figures used by the IA in his
discount computation and valuation of the Scheme claim as at the cut-off date.
Counsel would be well advised to consult a professional accountant or
mathematician if these calculations cannot be understood.

(P.S. In these calculations, the discount for the principal sum has been fully
factored inside and accounted for. These calculations discount **_both_** the
principal sum and the accrued compounded interest as a total lump sum payable
in India on 14 November 2011 back to 14 May 2007 to take account of the
advance payment on the cut-off date itself.)

Alternative simple calculation

If the principal sum is accruing compound interest at 13.5% p.a. starting from
14 November 2002 and ending on 14 November 2011, and if the total sum
(principal plus accrued compound interest) is then discounted back at the
compound discount rate of 13.5% p.a. back to the cut-off date of 14 May 2007,
it is then simpler just to calculate the principal sum plus compound interest
at 13.5% p.a. from 14 November 2002 to 14 May 2007 (which is a period of 4.5
years). The answer derived from the alternative simple calculation will be
identical with the answer obtained from the above far more complex
computation. This can be proven mathematically but I shall not do so here.

Amount of principal claim plus compound interest at 13.5% p.a. payable on 14
May 2007 = US$3,176,168 x 1.1354.5 = US$5,615,453.59 as of value date on 14
May 2007 for payment on value date itself (which is equal to the exact amount
based on 3.311 years of discount in the above more complicated computation). I
call this the “simple formula”. One gets the same answer much quicker this
way. In mathematics, there can sometimes be alternative shorter and better
methods of calculation to arrive at the same answer.

I note that the IA had in fact used the same “simple formula” as I have used
here except that he computed the compound interest for only 1.5 years and
added it to the principal sum as follows: US$3,176,168 x 1.1351.5 =
US$3,840,584 (which is identical in amount with what the IA had calculated to
be the final total award for his valuation as at the cut-off date).

As explained earlier, it is a manifest mathematical error to apply a further
discount by subtracting 3 years from the 4.5 years and use instead 1.5 years
in the “simple formula” as that would amount to a double discount, which was
essentially what the IA had done.

One uses either the more complicated computation method or the alternative
“simple formula”. One must not use a mixture of both as the IA had done, as
that would be mathematically illogical and erroneous, and would result in a
double discount.

_ANNEX B_

[LawNet Admin Note: Image 2 is viewable only to LawNet subscribers via the PDF
in the Case View Tools.]

Valuation as at the stipulated valuation date

In the re-determination, the IA will have to re-compute the valuation to the
correct date _i.e_. the Scheme specified valuation date of 19 Sep 2006 by
simply performing the discounting calculations to the correct date, leaving
the principal sum unchanged. For the reasons I have stated, **_the principal
sum determined is not affected by this mistake of the IA and hence, the
material departure from the instructions in the Scheme will not invalidate the
IA’s determination of the principal amount of US$3,176,168 (before
interest)._**

Although this principal sum of US$3,176,168 (before interest) is premised on
an exchange rate of US$1= INR40.9 as on 14 May 2007 (the cut-off date) and
although it might first appear that there is a need to adjust for any change
in the exchange rate for a valuation on a different date _i.e._ the valuation
date of 19 September 2006 and to re-compute the principal amount accordingly
if the exchange rate is different, fortunately on the facts of this case it is
not necessary to do so because the IA had used the average of the four
estimated repair costs which were provided by IDODCO and Dolan in US$ and not
INR. If it were otherwise, then adjustments to the principal sum on account of
the exchange rate difference between the two dates would have to be made.

However there may be other issues and adjustments that I am not able to
foresee at the moment. No doubt the parties will assist the IA through their
detailed submissions and no doubt the IA will use his expertise and undertake
the fresh task remitted to him with utmost due care and diligence to ensure
that no further of errors of any kind are made, lest there be more
applications for further reviews by the court and further delays to all Scheme
creditors. I do not think this is something that the parties and the IA will
relish.

Since I have already remitted the discount calculations and the final figure
to the IA to re-compute, the IA will therefore have the opportunity to review
his discount calculations to obtain the proper valuation figure at the correct
valuation date once and for all, and avoid another unnecessary application by
the parties to the court.

The detailed sample calculations that follow will hopefully guide the IA on
how the re-computation of the valuation of the contingent liability/Scheme
claim of OIC as at the correct valuation date may be made, while keeping
undisturbed the other findings made by the IA with respect to:

(a) the principal sum of US$3,176,168 based on his averaging methodology of
the four estimated repair costs provided in US$ by IMODCO and Dolan;

(b)  the interest and discount rate fixed by the IA at 13.5% p.a.;

(c)  the IA’s denial of 3 years of interest on account of his assessment of
RIL’s contribution to the delays in the trial process in India due to the
dispute over the invasive inspection of the SBM;

(d)  the IA’s use of the compounding methodology and formula for the computing
the interest and the discount.

These findings and methodology of the IA are to remain binding on the parties
and should not be re-determined as I have not found any manifest or patent
error nor any material departure from instructions committed by the IA in the
course of his earlier expert determination. Furthermore, one also has to bear
in mind that the whole purpose of an expert determination is the advantage of
cost, speed and finality as envisaged by parties. On a practical level, it is
pointless to re-visit these concluded matters.

Thus, I have only set aside the discounting computation but left intact the
valuation of the principal sum of the loss of US$3,176,168 (before interest).
For the discount re-computation, the interest at 13.5% p.a. is deemed to start
accumulating at a later date on 14 Nov 2002 as found by the IA because of the
contributory culpability of RIL in delaying the invasive inspection of the
SPM. The end date for the interest accumulation is the likely date that the
future judgment will be rendered by the Indian court. The total estimated
judgment sum plus interest to date of judgment will have to be discounted to
the present value as at the valuation date of 19 Sep 2006 to obtain the
correct valuation of the Scheme claim as at the Scheme specified valuation
date. For avoidance of doubt, I set out below exactly how the re-computation
may be done so that the parties and the IA are clear on the correct
mathematical process of calculating the discount.

Mathematically precise calculations based on the same facts found by IA to
value the contingent liability as at the correct valuation date of 19
September 2006

Discount and interest rate adopted by IA: 13.5% p.a. (interest rate/discount
factor/time value of money)

[My own estimated date of Final Decision in India for the purpose of
illustration:

14 November 2011 (To be estimated by the IA in his re-determination)]

Valuation date: 19 September 2006 (This is the correct valuation date to use
for discounting the amount likely to  
be awarded by the Indian court on 14 November 2011 back to the Scheme
valuation date of  
19 September 2006.)

Interest commencement date: IA allowed interest from 4.5 years prior to cut-
off date, _i.e._ 14 November 2002

Principal claim allowed by IA : US$3,176,168

Assumption: The Indian court will similarly find that RIL delayed the
inspection and accordingly will deprive  
approximately 3 years of interest from the date of writ on 27 October 1999.  
Scheme interest therefore also commences on the same date of 14 November 2002.

Amount of simple interest each year = 0.135 (_i.e._ 13.5% p.a.) x US$3,176,168
= **_US$428,782.68_** (the amount of simple interest in every year)

IA computed a compound interest for 1.5 years at 13.5% p.a. using the compound
interest formula

= US$3,176,168 x (1.**_135 1.5_** \- 1)

= **_US$664,416._**

Compound interest formula used by the IA to compute the final sum with 1.5
years of interest

= US$3,176,168 x (1.**_135 1.5_** )

= **_US$3,840,583.91_** (principal sum plus 1.5 years of compound interest at
13.5% p.a.)

Total amount allowed by IA is US$3,176,168 + US$664,416 (of compound interest
for 1.5 years) = **_US$3,840,584_** (which proves that the IA had in fact used
the compound interest formula to obtain the total principal sum plus interest
at 13.5% p.a. compounded at yearly rest for 1.5 years.)

Correct computation (but with the valuation of Scheme claim of OIC on the
correct Scheme specified valuation date of 19 September 2006)

Using compounded interest accruing at yearly rest, the total amount that the
court will award (principal plus interest compounded yearly over 9 years at
13.5% p.a.) of an accrued claim of US$3,176,168 on the future date of 14
November 2011 = US$3,176,168 x 1.**_135 9_** = US$9,928,101.75 on 14 November
2011 [_i.e._ future value as of 14 November 2011 of the principal plus 9 years
of compound interest at 13.5% p.a. yearly rest.]

To discount the future value of US$9,928,101.75 payable under the Indian court
order on 14 November 2011 back to the present day value effective as on the
Scheme specified valuation date of 19 September 2006 = US$9,928,101.75 /
1.135** _5.1666_** = **_US$5,160,889.98_** [_i.e._ present value of the
principal plus interest as on 19 September 2006, which mathematically assumes
payment on the valuation date of 19 September 2006 without any delay.] The
discount period from 19 September 2006 to 14 November 2011 is 5 years 2 months
or 5.1666 years which explains the use of the figure in bold and underlined in
the **_divisor_** above of 1.135** _5.1666_** in the discount formula.

Basically, the total interest to be allowed should have been US$5,160,889.98 –
US$3,176,168 = **_US$1,984,722_** instead of US$664,416 as computed by the IA.

This interest computed of US$1,984,722 is equivalent to US$1,984,722/
US$428,782.68 = **_4.628736_** years equivalent of simple interest.

Effectively the 9 years is conceptually reduced by or discounted by
**_4.371264_** years to obtain the equivalent of **_4.628736_** years of
simple interest.

Basically, 4.371264 years of discount must be taken off from the 9 years
period (between 14 November 2002 and 14 November 2011) to arrive at the
4.628736 years of simple interest allowed as at the Scheme specified valuation
date of 19 September 2006.

The IA should award the following: (a) **_principal sum of US$3,176,168_**
plus (b) 4.628736 years of equivalent simple interest at 13.5% p.a. _i.e._
4.628736 x 0.135 x US3,176,168 = **_US$1,984,722 interest_**.

The total sum the IA should award (comprising the principal sum US$3,176,168
plus US$1,984,722 interest) is therefore **_US$5,160,890 as at the Scheme
specified valuation date of 19 September 2006_**. This total sum is equivalent
to the judgment sum if a judge in the Singapore were to hear and value RNA’s
share of OIC’s contingent liability to RIL arising from RIL’s claim in India
as at the valuation date or discounted to the valuation date.

Conclusion

The manifest error in the IA’s mathematical computation is very substantial as
the difference between the correct amount valued at the correct Scheme
specified valuation date and the wrong amount assessed by the IA is
US$5,160,890 – US$3,840,584 = **_US$1,132,306_**.

I reiterate that the above calculations seem very long only because of the
detailed explanations in order to avoid any ambiguity and misunderstanding. I
repeat that an accountant or mathematician can readily verify the above and
can compute very quickly in only a few steps to get the correct mathematical
answers based on the same facts and figures used by the IA in his discount
computation and valuation of the Scheme claim as at the cut-off date. Counsel
would be well advised to consult a professional accountant or mathematician if
these calculations cannot be understood.

(P.S. I emphasise again that the discount for the principal sum has been fully
factored inside and accounted for in the above calculations. These
calculations discount **_both_** the principal sum and the accrued compounded
interest as a total lump sum payable in India on 14 November 2011 back to 19
September 2006 to take account of the advance payment on the Scheme specified
valuation date itself.)

Post-award interest

On another point, judgment sums before a court in Singapore normally do carry
an entitlement to post-judgment interest of 5.88% p.a. from the date of
judgment to the date of actual payment. In this case, the valuation amount for
the Scheme claim of RIL should be treated as being equivalent to a “judgment
sum” awarded by the court on 19 September 2006.

Due to the various delays, RIL has still not been paid. It may be unfair or
even unconscionable for RNA to benefit from the delays in payment of a very
large award. OIC will likely be suffering from a substantial loss of compound
interest on this huge “judgment sum” or of US$5,160,890 payable as from the
valuation date on 19 September 2006. As at the date of this judgment in
December 2008, more than two years have since passed and yet this “judgment
sum” is still unpaid. If this matter goes on appeal, the payment by RNA to OIC
may be further delayed much to the detriment of RNA. If it had been a court
judgment, interest would be accruing at 5.88% p.a. on the judgment sum unpaid
till date of payment.

I note however that the IA made no mention in his earlier determination on
whether his award is to carry any interest to the date of actual payment.

It is therefore for the IA to further consider this issue of the post-award
interest (from 19 September 2006 till the actual date of satisfaction of the
award) to be calculated on the total award that he is re-determining. With
such a long delay on the payment of a very substantial sum, the IA will have
to exercise his discretion whether to award any post-award interest on the
final total award to be computed up to the date of payment and if so, then at
what interest rate and whether it should be simple or compound interest so
that there is fair and equitable compensation despite the long delay in
resolving the Scheme claim of OIC. Should the IA also adopt the normal 5.88%
p.a. simple interest that the court in Singapore normally grants on post-
judgment interest or use some other interest rate in view of the current low
interest rate environment in Singapore? This is a matter entirely for the IA
to decide.

Paragraph 2.2 of the Scheme makes clear that where the exception applies, as
in this case where the contingent claim is one that will be pursuant to a
court order that is likely to carry interest, then the Scheme creditor shall
be entitled to claim interest for the period up to one day before actual
payment in satisfaction of the amount determined by the IA in his award. The
prohibition in paragraph 2.2 against payment for interest in respect of a
Scheme claim is inapplicable when the exception applies _i.e._ in a case where
the liability under the Scheme claim arises from a court order/judgment sum,
which is likely to carry interest to the date of actual payment by the
judgment debtor.

It will be helpful to the parties for the IA to complete the whole process of
determination and bring the dispute to a full closure by covering all relevant
issues needed to finally resolve the Scheme claim. The IA should not just
leave this remaining aspect of his award silent _i.e._ whether post-award
interest is payable on the amount to be awarded in his re-determination until
the date of actual payment. Parties will then have a satellite dispute over
this undetermined aspect of the post-award interest unless the IA has made
clear to them what, if any, is the post-award interest payable on the
outstanding unpaid award till the date of actual satisfaction of the entire
award.

Parties will no doubt have to further assist the IA on this additional issue
of post-award interest.

Alternative simple calculation

If the principal sum is accruing compound interest at 13.5% p.a. starting from
14 November 2002 and ending on 14 November 2011 and if the total sum
(principal plus accrued compound interest) is then discounted at the compound
discount rate of 13.5% p.a. back to the Scheme specified valuation date of 19
September 2006, it is then much simpler just to calculate the principal sum
plus compound interest at 13.5% p.a. from 14 November 2002 to 19 September
2006 (which is a period of 3 years 10 months or **_3.8334 years_**). The
answer will be exactly the same as the above more complicated calculation and
this can be proven mathematically but I shall not do so here.

Amount of principal sum plus compound interest at 13.5% p.a. payable on 19
September 2006 = US$3,176,168 x **_1.135 3.8334_** = **_US$5,160,890_** _as of
valuation date on 19 September 2006 for payment on the Scheme specified
valuation date itself_ (which is equal to the exact amount based on 4.371264
years of discount in the above more complicated computation). I call this the
“simple formula”. One gets the same answer much quicker this way. In
mathematics, there can sometimes be alternative shorter and better methods of
calculation to arrive at the same answer.

I note that the IA had also used the same “simple formula” as I have used here
except that he computed the compound interest for 1.5 years and added it to
the principal sum as follows: US$3,176,168 x **_1.135 1.5_** = US$3,840,584
(which is in fact the IA’s final total award for his valuation as at the cut-
off date).

If the mathematically erroneous methodology of the IA were to be similarly
followed, but this time using the correct valuation date of 19 September 2006,
then the 3 years of discount must be subtracted from the 3.8334 years (based
on the period between 14 November 2002 and 19 September 2006) which then gives
a ridiculously low allowable period of interest of 0.8334 years or only 10
months of interest. It is patently obvious that for an accident which had
happened many years ago, and on any gut feel, the 10 months of interest to be
allowed for the valuation of the Scheme claim as at 19 September 2006 cannot
possibly be right. It plainly is an illogical conclusion that no expert doing
the discounting sums carefully would ever have come to on the facts of this
case.

Basically, after this same “simple formula” is applied on the **_3 years 10
months_** or **_3.8334 years_** at the compound interest of 13.5% p.a. (_i.e._
covering the period from 14 November 2002 to 19 September 2006) to compute the
valuation at the Scheme specified valuation date of 19 September 2006 for
payment of that valuation amount on 19 September 2006 itself, then applying a
further discount by subtracting 3 years from the 3.8334 years amounts to a
double discount, which was what the IA had done.

In other words, one cannot apply a second discount by subtracting 3 years from
the 3.8334 years and then end up with the very small balance of 0.8334 years
or 10 months to award as interest to RIL. This double discount was the
specific manifest error in the IA’s discount computation. With such a long
delay, how can it be possibly right that the computation turns out only 10
months of allowable interest if the IA’s method of computation was indeed
correct? This confirms once again that a valuation of the Scheme claim as at
the Scheme specified valuation date using the IA’s methodology, which is going
to allow only 10 months of interest in total (_i.e._ less than 1 year
interest) to RIL, is obviously and manifestly fallacious.

One uses either the more complicated computation method or the alternative
“simple formula”. One must not use a mixture of both as the IA had done, as
that would be mathematically illogical and erroneous and it results in a
wrongful double discount, which therefore gives an extremely low figure for
the period of allowable interest, such as 10 months with the IA’s discount
methodology.

Accordingly, the IA has to re-compute using the correct discount methodology.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 22 Dec 2008 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

