Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Ngiam Kong Seng and Another v Lim Chiew Hock  
[2008] SGCA 23

Case Number | : | CA 38/2007  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 29 May 2008  
Tribunal/Court | : | Court of Appeal  
Coram | : |  Chan Sek Keong CJ; Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA; V K Rajah JA   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Cecilia Hendrick and Wee Ai Tin Jayne (Kelvin Chia Partnership) for the appellants; Quentin Loh SC (Rajah & Tann) and Anthony Wee (United Legal Alliance LLC) for the respondent   
Parties | : |  Ngiam Kong Seng; Quek Sai Wah — Lim Chiew Hock   
  
Tort – Negligence – Appeal against finding of fact – Whether trial judge
plainly wrong to have found that accident was not caused by tortfeasor  
  
Tort – Negligence – Duty of care – Psychiatric harm – Applicable test to
determine existence of duty of care – Application of two-stage test set out in
Spandeck Engineering (S) Pte Ltd v Defence Science & Technology Agency – First
stage involving consideration of whether there was sufficient legal proximity
with three factors set out by Lord Wilberforce in McLoughlin v O'Brian playing
important role – Second stage involving consideration of whether there are any
public policy factors militating against the court imposing duty of care –
Threshold considerations of recognisable psychiatric illness and factual
foreseeability  
  
Tort – Negligence – Duty of care – Psychiatric harm – Applicable test to
determine existence of duty of care – Whether type of damage claimed should
result in different test from two-stage test set out in Spandeck Engineering
(S) Pte Ltd v Defence Science & Technology Agency – Application of two-stage
test irrespective of type of damage claimed  
  
Tort – Negligence – Duty of care – Whether tortfeasor owing duty of care not
to cause psychiatric harm – Whether communication of matters relating to
accident sufficient to found duty of care  
  

29 May 2008 |   
---|---  
  
Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA (delivering the grounds of decision of the court):

**Introduction**

1 This was an appeal against the decision of the trial judge (“the Judge”),
who dismissed the appellants’ claims for damages (see _Ngiam Kong Seng v
CitiCab Pte Ltd_ [2007] SGHC 38) (“the GD”)). We dismissed the appeal and now
give the reasons for our decision.

2 In _Spandeck Engineering (S) Pte Ltd v Defence Science & Technology Agency_
[2007] 4 SLR 100 (“ _Spandeck_ ”), this court set out the applicable test in
Singapore for ascertaining the existence of a duty of care in cases involving
claims for pure economic loss (“cases of pure economic loss”) and cases
involving claims for personal injuries and/or physical damage (collectively,
“cases of physical damage”). The present appeal raises the issue as to what
the applicable principles are for ascertaining whether a duty of care exists
_vis-à-vis_ cases involving psychiatric illness or nervous shock (collectively
referred to as “psychiatric harm” in these grounds of decision).

3 While the focus of the hearing for the present appeal was on the decision of
the Judge as to the question of whether the respondent had negligently caused
the first appellant to suffer physical injuries, the second appellant’s claim
that the respondent had caused her to suffer clinical depression entailed a
consideration of the applicable principles for ascertaining whether a duty of
care exists in cases of psychiatric harm.

**The facts**

4 The first appellant (the first plaintiff in the proceedings below), Ngiam
Kong Seng, was the owner and the rider (at the material time) of motorcycle
licence plate No AZ 3210 S (“the Motorcycle”). The second appellant (the
second plaintiff in the court below), Quek Sai Wah, is the wife of the first
appellant. The respondent (the second defendant in the proceedings below), Lim
Chiew Hock, was the driver of taxi licence plate No SHA 9997 P (“the Taxi”).

5 The first appellant, while riding the Motorcycle towards Ang Mo Kio, was
involved in a traffic accident (“the Accident”), which was allegedly caused by
the respondent (who was then driving the Taxi), on 27 January 2004 at about
3.19pm along the Central Expressway. As a result of the Accident, the first
appellant sustained severe injuries which rendered him a tetraplegic. The
first appellant is now dependent for the rest of his life on a caregiver – the
main caregiver being the second appellant – for activities relating to daily
living and mobility.

6 At the time of the Accident, the first appellant was 61 years old, and was
working for the Port of Singapore Authority as an operations supervisor. He
was due to retire a year later. The second appellant was 59 years old at the
material time.

7 Both immediately after and during the period following the Accident, the
respondent represented himself to be a helpful bystander who had rendered
assistance to the first appellant. The second appellant was, accordingly, led
to believe that the respondent was a good Samaritan and developed feelings of
gratitude towards him. The inquiries by the appellants’ solicitors eventually
led to the second appellant being told that the respondent had been involved
in the Accident. She subsequently suffered from major depression and suicidal
tendencies resulting from, she claimed, having been “betrayed” (see the GD at
[12]) by the respondent.

8 The appellants eventually started an action in negligence against the owner
of the Taxi, CityCab Pte Ltd (the first defendant in the proceedings below),
and the respondent. The claim against CityCab Pte Ltd was withdrawn before the
trial in the High Court. The first appellant alleged that at the material
time, the Taxi had collided into the rear of the Motorcycle, causing him to be
flung backwards and onto the road. It was argued that the collision had been
caused by the respondent’s negligence, which was particularised to include,
_inter alia_ , driving at an excessive speed, failing to keep a proper
lookout, failing to steer a safe and proper course, and failing to maintain a
safe distance from the Motorcycle. The second appellant alleged that she had
suffered from clinical depression as a result of:

(a) the respondent’s failure to inform her of the severity of the first
appellant’s injuries and of his (the respondent’s) involvement in the
Accident; and

(b) the respondent’s conduct in causing her to believe that he had been a
helpful bystander at the time of the Accident.

9 In his defence, it was argued by the respondent that the Accident had not
been caused by a collision between the Taxi and the Motorcycle, but had
instead occurred after the Motorcycle had “self-skidded”[note: 1]. The
respondent was adamant that the Taxi had not hit the Motorcycle, and argued
that even if there had been a collision between the two vehicles, it would
have taken place after the Motorcycle had self-skidded. The respondent denied
that the Accident had been caused or contributed to by his negligence, and
argued that it had been caused or contributed to instead by the negligence of
the first appellant in riding the Motorcycle. In so far as the second
appellant’s claim was concerned, the respondent argued that if the second
appellant had indeed suffered the loss, damage and expense alleged, these
would have been caused solely or partly by the negligence of the first
appellant. The respondent also argued that the second appellant’s claim should
fail as she had not witnessed the Accident; nor had she been of sufficient
proximity in time or space to the scene of the Accident such as would result
in her alleged psychiatric problems.

10 At the trial, in so far as the appellants’ case was concerned, both
appellants testified, along with their eldest son, Ngiam Peng Hong. They also
adduced expert testimony from medical practitioners on the mental state of the
second appellant. In so far as the respondent’s defence was concerned, the
respondent testified, along with an independent witness, his passenger at the
material time, Ms Maureen Andrew (“Ms Andrew”), as well as an accident
reconstruction expert. The Traffic Police investigating officer who had
investigated the case, Staff Sergeant Andy Foo (“Mr Foo”), was also called
upon by the respondent to testify as an independent witness. (At the time of
the trial, Mr Foo had already resigned from the Singapore Police Force to
become an insurance agent.)

**The decision below**

11 Liability was the only issue which had to be determined in the court below.
For the first appellant’s claim, the Judge had to consider whether the
respondent, on the facts, was “responsible for the first [appellant’s]
condition” (see the GD at [74]). This issue was also described as follows (see
the GD at [26]):

What was common ground was that the first plaintiff [_ie_ , the first
appellant] lost control of the [M]otorcycle. What was in dispute was why he
lost control. Was it because the [T]axi rear-ended the [M]otorcycle as the
first plaintiff asserted? Or, as the second defendant [_ie_ , the respondent]
was to contend, … was [it] because the [M]otorcycle self-skidded due to the
wet and slippery road and not because of any impact with the [T]axi[?]

12 The Judge found the evidence of the first appellant to be inconsistent with
regard to, _inter alia_ , which part of the Motorcycle had been hit and how he
had fallen off the Motorcycle. The Judge found the respondent’s evidence, in
contrast, to be consistent. Moreover, the evidence of the independent
witnesses (Ms Andrew and Mr Foo), as well as other evidence including, _inter
alia_ , evidence of the absence of damage to the vehicles concerned supported
the respondent’s case. The Judge, accordingly, came to the conclusion that the
respondent’s version of the events should be accepted and that the first
appellant’s claim should therefore be dismissed (see the GD at [75]–[83]).

13 In so far as the second appellant was concerned, the Judge was of the view
that the second appellant’s case hinged on the first appellant’s case, and,
therefore, since the first appellant’s claim had been dismissed, the second
appellant’s claim must, as a consequence, fail _in limine_ (see the GD at
[87]). The Judge also held that even if the respondent had been found to be
liable to the first appellant, the second appellant’s claim would still have
been rejected on the grounds, _inter alia_ , that (see the GD at [87]–[90]):

(a) the claim had no basis in law and was too remote;

(b) the depression suffered by the second appellant had been caused by her
inability to cope with her new burden of being the first appellant’s primary
caregiver, rather than by the respondent’s acts or omissions; and

(c) the claim had merely been an afterthought.

**The first appellant’s case on appeal**

14 Before this court, the first appellant argued that the decision of the
Judge on the facts – that the respondent was not responsible for the Accident
– should be overturned. The law on whether an appellate court should overturn
a finding of fact by a trial judge is clear and need not be elaborated upon,
save to state that a trial judge’s finding of fact must be plainly wrong
before it will be overturned by an appellate court. We rejected the first
appellant’s arguments on appeal as there was no basis for finding that the
Judge’s decision was plainly wrong.

15 The only witness who firmly testified that the Accident had been caused by
the respondent was the first appellant himself. However, there were
inconsistencies in his evidence, as correctly pointed out by the Judge. Even
if we had disregarded the inconsistencies, more evidence would have been
needed to establish the first appellant’s claim on a balance of probabilities
as the Motorcycle had (allegedly) been hit in the rear, meaning that the first
appellant could not have actually witnessed any collision as he would, in all
likelihood, have been looking ahead (thus facing the opposite direction) and
not behind at the alleged point of contact between the Motorcycle and the
Taxi.

16 The only other eyewitnesses of the Accident who testified were the
respondent and Ms Andrew. Of great significance was the fact that the evidence
of Ms Andrew, an independent witness, not only did not contradict the
respondent’s evidence, but also did not support the first appellant’s
evidence.

17 Of even greater significance was the lack of objective evidence in support
of the first appellant’s case. The Traffic Police accident reports and the
post-accident pictures of the Motorcycle and the Taxi revealed that there had
been no damage to the rear of the Motorcycle and the front of the Taxi. The
only “damage” that the first appellant could point to was a semi-circular
black mark (which was described in the appellants’ written submissions as an
“imprint”[note: 2]) located on the left side of the Taxi just below the left
wing mirror. It was contended that this was proof that the Taxi had struck the
storage box at the rear of the Motorcycle (“the rear box”). Having examining
photographs of the imprint, we agreed with the accident reconstruction
expert’s view, which was in fact consistent with common knowledge of the
forces of nature, that it would have been physically impossible for the
imprint to have been created by the Taxi hitting the rear box. The shape of
the imprint was such that in order for the semi-circular arch to have been
created, the rear box must have made contact with the Taxi initially at a
point lower than the crest of the curve, with the point or area of contact
then going up to the crest before going down again. In other words, the
Motorcycle would have had to first fall, make contact with the Taxi, and then
rise and fall again. This would be against the laws of gravity. Other than the
rear box, only the tyres of the Motorcycle could possibly have caused the
imprint on the Taxi, but we found this suggestion implausible. For one, as the
accident reconstruction expert testified, the imprint was not consistent with
the height of the front wheel of the Motorcycle, based on height measurements
taken of that wheel and of the left side of the Taxi. As for the likelihood of
the Motorcycle’s rear tyre having caused the imprint, we likewise found this
highly unlikely as that tyre was surrounded (or, loosely speaking,
“protected”) by protruding objects such as the exhaust pipes, the rear foot
rest, the rear box and the rear suspension. If there had indeed been contact
between the Motorcycle and the Taxi, these protrusions at the rear of the
Motorcycle, rather than the rear tyre itself, would have come into contact
with the Taxi first.

18 For the foregoing reasons, we came to the conclusion that the first
appellant had failed to establish his case on a balance of probabilities and,
accordingly, dismissed the appeal as far as he was concerned.

**The second appellant’s case on appeal**

19 The second appellant argued that the Judge had erred in holding that her
claim for damages for clinical depression should fail and challenged the
latter’s reasons for this decision. In our view, before considering the
substantive merits of the second appellant’s arguments, it would be
appropriate, first, to set out the applicable principles relating to the
ascertainment of liability in the context of claims in negligence for
psychiatric harm.

**The law relating to claims in negligence for psychiatric harm**

**_Overview_**

20 The general position in Singapore with respect to liability for negligence
in cases of _pure economic loss_ and cases of _physical damage_ has now been
settled by the recent decision of this court in _Spandeck_ ([2] _supra_).
Briefly stated, the position in Singapore follows, in the main, the two-stage
test laid down by Lord Wilberforce in _Anns_ _v Merton London Borough Council_
[1978] AC 728 (“ _Anns_ ”), where the learned law lord observed, as follows
(at 751–752):

[I]n order to establish that a duty of care arises in a particular situation,
_it is not necessary to bring the facts of that situation within those of
previous situations in which a duty of care has been held to exist._ Rather
the question has to be approached in two stages. First one has to ask whether,
as between the alleged wrongdoer and the person who has suffered damage there
is a sufficient relationship of proximity or neighbourhood such that, in the
reasonable contemplation of the former, carelessness on his part may be likely
to cause damage to the latter – in which case a prima facie duty of care
arises. Secondly, if the first question is answered affirmatively, it is
necessary to consider whether there are any considerations which ought to
negative, or to reduce or limit the scope of the duty or the class of persons
to whom it is owed or the damages to which a breach of it may give rise …
[emphasis added]

21 More specifically, Chan Sek Keong CJ, delivering the judgment of the court
in _Spandeck_ , observed thus (at [73]):

**_In our view, a coherent and workable test can be fashioned out of the basic
two-stage test premised on proximity and policy considerations, if its
application is preceded by a preliminary requirement of_** _factual_
_**foreseeability. We would add that this test is to be applied**
incrementally_, **_in the sense that when applying the test in each stage, it
would be desirable to refer to decided cases in analogous situations to see
how the courts have reached their conclusions in terms of proximity and/or
policy._** As is obvious, the existence of analogous precedents, which
determines the current limits of liability, would make it easier for the later
court to determine whether or not to extend its limits. However, the absence
of a factual precedent, which implies the presence of a novel situation,
should not preclude the court from extending liability where it is just and
fair to do so, taking into account the relevant policy consideration against
indeterminate liability against a tortfeasor. **_We would admit at this
juncture that this is basically a restatement of the two-stage test in Anns,
tempered by the preliminary requirement of factual foreseeability. Indeed, we
should point out that this is the test applied in substance by many
jurisdictions in the Commonwealth_** : see, for example, the Canadian case of
_Cooper v Hobart_ (2001) 206 DLR (4th) 193; the New Zealand case of _Rolls-
Royce New Zealand Ltd v Carter Holt Harvey Ltd_ [2005] 1 NZLR 324 … [emphasis
in original in italics; emphasis added in bold italics]

In a similar vein, the learned Chief Justice summarised the applicable law in
Singapore at the end of the judgment in _Spandeck_ in the following terms (at
[115]):

To recapitulate: A _single_ test to determine the existence of a duty of care
should be applied regardless of the nature of the damage caused (_ie_ , pure
economic loss or physical damage). It could be that a more restricted approach
is preferable for cases of pure economic loss but this is to be done within
the confines of a single test. **_This test is a two-stage test, comprising
of, first, proximity and, second, policy considerations. These two stages are
to be approached with reference to the facts of decided cases although the
absence of such cases is not an absolute bar against a finding of duty. There
is, of course, the threshold issue of factual foreseeability but since this is
likely to be fulfilled in most cases, we do not see the need to include this
as part of the_** _legal**test for a duty of care.**_ [emphasis in original in
italics; emphasis added in bold italics]

22 The court in _Spandeck_ did not need to consider what ought to be the
applicable legal rules and principles with respect to liability in the sphere
of _psychiatric harm_. That particular issue, however, arises in the present
appeal in relation to the second appellant and raises an important (and
related) question: To what extent is the two-stage test laid down in
_Spandeck_ applicable in the sphere of psychiatric harm? By way of a brief
overview of the answer to this question, which will be elaborated upon in more
detail in a moment, this same two-stage test applies in cases of psychiatric
harm as well, although specific criteria would apply in this particular
context.

23 The law relating to liability in negligence for psychiatric harm has had a
lengthy and (to a large extent) chequered history (see, generally, Peter R
Handford, _Mullany and Handford’s Tort Liability for Psychiatric Damage_
(Lawbook Co, 2nd Ed, 2006), especially at ch 1). It is clear, however, that a
significant legal watershed occurred when the leading decision of the House of
Lords in _McLoughlin v O’Brian_ [1983] 1 AC 410 (“ _McLoughlin_ ”) was
delivered in 1982 (this was followed in subsequent decisions, notably, the
(also) House of Lords decisions of _Alcock v Chief Constable of South
Yorkshire Police_ [1992] 1 AC 310 (“ _Alcock_ ”) and _White v Chief Constable
of South Yorkshire Police_ [1999] 2 AC 455 (“ _White_ ”)). The next major
landmark in this area of the law (also laid down by the House of Lords) was
the decision in _Page v Smith_ [1996] AC 155 (“ _Page_ ”). As we shall see,
the decisions in _McLoughlin_ and _Page_ , whilst seminal in their own right,
have engendered difficulties which require clarification (in the case of the
former) and even rejection (in the case of the latter) in the context of what
the position in Singapore ought to be. We will elaborate upon these
observations in due course.

24 It is apposite, in the meantime, to note that there is a dearth of case law
in Singapore with regard to claims in negligence for psychiatric harm. Indeed,
there appears to be only one significant decision which has analysed the duty
of care in this area of the tort of negligence in any detail – the Singapore
High Court decision of _Pang Koi Fa v Lim Djoe Phing_ [1993] 3 SLR 317 (“
_Pang Koi Fa_ ”), where the principles laid down in _McLoughlin_ were applied.
These principles were also applied in the Malaysian High Court decision of
_Jub’il bin Mohamed Taib Taral v Sunway Lagoon Sdn Bhd_ [2001] 6 MLJ 669.
There is an older Malaysian High Court decision, _Zainab Binti Ismail v
Marimuthu_ [1955] MLJ 22, where _Bourhill v Young_ [1943] AC 92 (“ _Bourhill_
”) and _Hambrook v Stokes Brothers_ [1925] 1 KB 141 (“ _Hambrook_ ”) were
cited. There is also a more recent decision (also of the Singapore High
Court), _Man Mohan Singh s/o Jothirambal Singh v Dilveer Singh Gill s/o
Shokdarchan Singh_ [2007] 4 SLR 843, where there was some discussion of the
issue (an appeal against the High Court’s decision is currently pending before
this court).

25 It would be appropriate, in our view, if we examine – in greater detail –
the decisions of the House of Lords in both _McLoughlin_ and _Page_ before
setting out what we consider the law in Singapore ought to be with regard to
liability in negligence for psychiatric harm and how this legal framework
relates to the approach and principles laid down in _Spandeck_ ([2] _supra_).

**_The decision in_ McLoughlin**

_The decision itself_

26 Although the law preceding the House of Lords’ decision in _McLoughlin_
([23] _supra_) was not by any means a legal vacuum (see, for example, the
(earlier) House of Lords decision of _Bourhill_ ([24] _supra_)), as alluded to
earlier (above at [23]), _McLoughlin_ was a major landmark in the law relating
to liability for negligence that had inflicted psychiatric harm on the
victim/plaintiff. It represented a detailed (and up-to-date) analysis of the
law and laid down further guidelines for the courts.

27 The fact situation in _McLoughlin_ , which is important to note, was as
follows. There was a tragic and horrendous road accident which involved the
plaintiff’s husband (“Mr McLoughlin”), who was driving, and three of her
children. Another child (“the fourth child”), travelling in a following car,
was (fortunately) not involved in the accident. The collision was between the
car driven by Mr McLoughlin and a lorry driven by the first defendant (and
owned by the second defendant). That particular lorry had, in fact, been in a
collision with another lorry driven by the third defendant (and owned by the
fourth defendant). It was admitted that the accident to the car driven by Mr
McLoughlin was caused by the defendants’ negligence.

28 Mr McLoughlin suffered bruising and shock. One child, a son aged 17 (“the
first child”), suffered injuries to his head and his face, cerebral
concussion, fractures of both scapulae as well as bruising and abrasions.
Another child, a daughter aged seven (“the second child”), suffered
concussion, a fracture of the right clavicle, bruising, abrasions and shock. A
third child, a daughter who was nearly three years old (“the third child”),
was so seriously injured that she died almost immediately.

29 The plaintiff herself (“Mrs McLoughlin”) was at home at the time of the
accident. This was about _two miles_ from the scene of the accident. The
person driving the car in which the fourth child (a son aged 11) was
travelling reported the accident to Mrs McLoughlin about _an hour or so
later_. He told her that he thought that the first child was dying, and that
he did not know the whereabouts of Mr McLoughlin or the condition of her
daughter. _He then drove her to the hospital_ _to which her children and Mr
McLoughlin had been taken_.

30 _At the hospital_ , Mrs McLoughlin met the fourth child (who had been in
the other car, thereby escaping injury), who told her that the third child was
dead. Mrs McLoughlin was then taken down a corridor and, through a window, she
saw the second child, who was crying, with her face cut and covered with dirt
and oil. She could also hear the first child shouting and screaming. She was
then taken to Mr McLoughlin, who was sitting with his head in his hands and
who was dishevelled and covered in mud and oil. He began sobbing when he saw
Mrs McLoughlin. The latter was then taken to see the first child, whose left
face and left side were covered entirely. He appeared to recognise Mrs
McLoughlin, but then lapsed into unconsciousness. Mrs McLoughlin was then
taken to see the second child, who had by then been cleaned up. The latter was
too upset to speak and simply clung on to Mrs McLoughlin. As Lord Wilberforce
put it (see _McLoughlin_ at 417):

There can be no doubt that these circumstances, witnessed by the appellant
[_ie_ , Mrs McLoughlin], were distressing in the extreme and were capable of
producing an effect going well beyond that of grief and sorrow.

31 Mrs McLoughlin subsequently brought proceedings against the defendants. It
is important to note that it was _assumed_ by the trial judge that Mrs
McLoughlin was a person of reasonable fortitude and had indeed suffered the
condition complained of, which was described by Lord Wilberforce as “severe
shock, organic depression and a change of personality”, with “[n]umerous
symptoms of a physiological character … manifested” (_ibid_). The type of
psychiatric harm which Mrs McLoughlin claimed she had suffered is a not
unimportant point, simply because a _threshold_ requirement (as described by
Lord Bridge of Harwich in _McLoughlin_ ([23] _supra_) at 431) which must be
satisfied before there can be recovery for psychiatric harm is that the
claimant must have suffered from _a recognisable psychiatric illness_ (though
_cf_ the terminology utilised in Australian legislation at [113] below).

32 The trial judge gave judgment in favour of the defendants, holding that
they owed no duty of care to Mrs McLoughlin because it was not reasonably
foreseeable that she would suffer nervous shock.

33 The English Court of Appeal affirmed the decision at first instance, albeit
on somewhat different grounds. This was well-summarised by Lord Wilberforce,
as follows (_id_ at 417):

Stephenson L.J. took the view that the possibility of injury to the appellant
by nervous shock _was_ reasonably foreseeable and that the respondents [_ie_ ,
the defendants] owed the appellant a duty of care. However, he held that
considerations of policy prevented the appellant from recovering. Griffiths
L.J. held that injury by nervous shock to the appellant was “readily
foreseeable” but that the respondents owed no duty of care to the appellant.
The duty was limited to those on the road nearby. Cumming-Bruce L.J. agreed
with both judgments. [emphasis in original]

34 Mrs McLoughlin then appealed to the House of Lords. Lord Wilberforce set
out, in succinct fashion, the fundamental issue in the case, as follows (_id_
at 417–418):

The critical question to be decided is whether a person in the position of the
appellant, i.e. one who was not present at the scene of grievous injuries to
her family but who comes upon those injuries at an interval of time and space,
can recover damages for nervous shock.

35 The House of Lords held in favour of Mrs McLoughlin and therefore allowed
the appeal. The leading judgment was, in fact, delivered by Lord Wilberforce.
Significantly, Lord Wilberforce had earlier also laid down the two-stage test
in _Anns_ ([20] _supra_). The observations made by Lord Wilberforce in
_McLoughlin_ ([23] _supra_) will be set out in full not only because (as just
mentioned) he delivered the leading judgment, but also because it is
important, in our view, to clarify any terminological uncertainty that might
be generated (particularly if we compare Lord Wilberforce’s observations in
_McLoughlin_ with his formulation of the two-stage test in _Anns_). Indeed, we
shall demonstrate that Lord Wilberforce’s approach in _McLoughlin_ towards
ascertaining whether a defendant owed a duty of care was consistent with his
approach in _Anns_ and, consequently, with the approach that this court
adopted in _Spandeck_ ([2] _supra_)_._ In order to proceed in the clearest way
possible, we propose to divide Lord Wilberforce’s observations (which are
important, albeit relatively lengthy) into three parts. Before proceeding to
do so, however, we should note that two other law lords in _McLoughlin_
arrived at the same result by adopting what was, in our view, a _much broader_
approach. In particular, Lord Bridge and Lord Scarman applied a “pure” test of
reasonable foreseeabilty without more (reference may also be made to the views
of Thomas J in the New Zealand Court of Appeal decision of _van Soest v
Residual Health Management Unit_ [2000] 1 NZLR 179, which may, in turn, be
contrasted with the views of the other four judges in the same case, who
adopted Lord Wilberforce’s approach in _McLoughlin_ instead). With respect,
the approach taken by Lord Bridge and Lord Scarman in _McLoughlin_ is, in our
view, too broad. As we shall see in a moment, Lord Wilberforce added three
factors which served to constrain the otherwise extensive liability that might
result if a “pure” test of reasonable foreseeability alone were applied.

_Lord Wilberforce’s observations in_ McLoughlin _(in three parts)_

36 In the _first part_ (“ _Part 1_ ”) of his judgment in _McLoughlin_ ([23]
_supra_), Lord Wilberforce observed thus (at 420–421):

[A]t the margin, the boundaries of a man’s responsibility for acts of
negligence have to be fixed _as a matter of policy_. Whatever is the correct
jurisprudential analysis, it does not make any essential difference whether
one says, with Stephenson L.J., that there is a duty but, as a matter of
policy, the consequences of breach of it ought to be limited at a certain
point, or whether, with Griffiths L.J., one says that the fact that
consequences may be foreseeable does not automatically impose a duty of care …
[and] does not do so in fact where policy indicates the contrary. This is an
approach which _one_ _can see very clearly from the way in which Lord Atkin
stated the neighbour principle_ in _Donoghue v. Stevenson_ [1932] A.C. 562,
580: “persons who are so closely and directly affected by my act that I ought
reasonably to have them in contemplation as being so affected. …” This is
saying that _foreseeability must be accompanied and limited by_ the _law’s
judgment_ as to persons who ought, _according to its standards of value or
justice_ , to have been in [the defendant’s] contemplation.
**_Foreseeability_** , which involves a hypothetical person, looking with
hindsight at an event which has occurred, is a formula adopted by English law,
not merely for defining, but also for limiting, the persons to whom [a] duty
may be owed, and the consequences for which an actor may be held responsible.
_It is**not merely an issue of fact** to be left to be found as such_. When it
is said to result in a duty of care being owed to a person or a class, _the
statement that there is a “duty of care” denotes a conclusion into the forming
of which considerations of policy have entered_. **_That foreseeability does
not of itself, and automatically, lead to a duty of care is, I think,
clear_.** I gave some examples in _Anns v. Merton London Borough Council_
[1978] A.C. 728, 752, _Anns_ itself being one. I may add what Lord Reid said
in _McKew_ v. _Holland & Hannen & Cubitts (Scotland) Ltd._ [1969] 3 All E.R.
1621, 1623:

“A defender is not liable for a consequence of a kind which is not
foreseeable. But it does not follow that he is liable for every consequence
which a reasonable man could foresee.”

**_We must then consider the policy arguments_**. In doing so we must bear in
mind that cases of “nervous shock,” and the possibility of claiming damages
for it, are not necessarily confined to those arising out of accidents on
public roads. To state, therefore, a rule that recoverable damages must be
confined to persons on or near the highway is to state not a principle in
itself, but only an example of a more general rule that _recoverable damages
must be confined to those within sight and sound of an event caused by
negligence or, at least, to those in close, or very close,**proximity** to
such a situation_.

[emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

37 Lord Wilberforce then proceeded, in the _second part_ (“ _Part 2_ ”) of his
judgment in _McLoughlin_ , to enunciate what he viewed to be the “ _policy_
arguments _against_ a wider extension” [emphasis added] (_id_ at 421) of
liability, as follows (_ibid_):

_The policy arguments against a wider extension_ can be stated under _four
heads._

_First, it may be said that such extension may lead to a proliferation of
claims, and possibly fraudulent claims_ , to the establishment of an industry
of lawyers and psychiatrists who will formulate a claim for nervous shock
damages, including what in America is called the customary miscarriage, for
all, or many, road accidents and industrial accidents.

_Secondly, it may be claimed that an extension of liability would be unfair to
defendants, as imposing damages out of proportion to the negligent conduct
complained of_. In so far as such defendants are insured, _a large additional
burden will be placed on insurers, and ultimately upon the class of persons
insured – road users or employers_.

_Thirdly, to extend liability beyond the most direct and plain cases would
greatly increase evidentiary difficulties and tend to lengthen litigation_.

_Fourthly_ , it may be said – and the Court of Appeal agreed with this – that
_an extension of the scope of liability ought only to be made by the
legislature, after careful research._ This is the course which has been taken
in New South Wales and the Australian Capital Territory.

The whole argument has been well summed up by Dean Prosser (_Prosser_
_,__Torts_ , 4th ed. (1971), p. 256):

“The reluctance of the courts to enter this field even where the mental injury
is clearly foreseeable, and the frequent mention of the difficulties of proof,
the facility of fraud, and the problem of finding a place to stop and draw the
line, suggest that here it is the nature of the interest invaded and the type
of damage which is the real obstacle.”

Since he wrote, the type of damage has, in this country at least, become more
familiar and less deterrent to recovery. _And some of the arguments are
susceptible of answer. Fraudulent claims can be contained by the courts, who,
also, can cope with evidentiary difficulties. The scarcity of cases which have
occurred in the past, and the modest sums recovered, give some indication that
fears of a flood of litigation may be exaggerated – experience in other fields
suggests that such fears usually are. If some increase does occur, that may
only reveal the existence of a genuine social need: that legislation has been
found necessary in Australia may indicate the same thing._

[emphasis added]

38 Finally, in the _third part_ (“ _Part 3_ ”) of his judgment in _McLoughlin_
, the learned law lord observed as follows (_id_ at 421–422):

**_But, these discounts accepted, there remains_** , in my opinion, just
because “shock” in its nature is capable of affecting so wide a range of
people,**_a real need for the law to place some limitation upon the extent of
admissible claims. It is necessary to consider three elements inherent in any
claim: the class of persons_** _whose claims should be recognised_ ; the
**_proximity_** _of such persons_ **_to the accident; and the means by which
the shock is caused._** As regards the class of persons, the possible range is
between the closest of family ties – of parent and child, or husband and wife
– and the ordinary bystander. Existing law recognises the claims of the first:
it denies that of the second, either on the basis that such persons must be
assumed to be possessed of fortitude sufficient to enable them to endure the
calamities of modern life, or that defendants cannot be expected to compensate
the world at large. In my opinion, these positions are justifiable, and since
the present case falls within the first class, it is strictly unnecessary to
say more. _I think, however, that it should follow that other cases involving
less close relationships must be very carefully scrutinised. I cannot say that
they should never be admitted. The closer the tie (not merely in relationship,
but in care) the greater the claim for consideration._ **_The claim, in any
case, has to be judged in the light of the other factors, such as proximity to
the scene in time and place, and the nature of the accident._**

_As regards**proximity** to the accident, it is obvious that this must be
close in both time and space. It is, after all, the fact and consequence of
the defendant’s negligence that must be proved to have caused the “nervous
shock.” Experience has shown that to insist on direct and immediate sight or
hearing would be impractical and unjust and that under what may be called
**the “aftermath” doctrine** one who, from **close proximity** , comes very
soon upon the scene should not be excluded._ In my opinion, the result in
_Benson_ v. _Lee_ [1972] V. R. 879 was correct and indeed inescapable. It was
based, soundly, upon

“direct perception of some of the events which go to make up the accident as
an entire event, and this includes … the immediate aftermath …” (p. 880.)

The High Court’s majority decision in _Chester_ v. _Waverley Corporation_
(1939) 62 C.L.R. 1, where a child’s body was found floating in a trench after
a prolonged search, may perhaps be placed on the other side of a recognisable
line (Evatt J. in a powerful dissent placed it on the same side), but, in
addition, I find the conclusion of Lush J. [in _Benson v Lee_] to reflect
developments in the law.

Finally, and by way of reinforcement of “aftermath” cases, I would accept, by
analogy with “rescue” situations, that a person of whom it could be said that
one could expect nothing else than that he or she would come immediately to
the scene – normally a parent or a spouse – could be regarded as being within
the scope of foresight and duty. Where there is not immediate presence,
account must be taken of the possibility of alterations in the circumstances,
for which the defendant should not be responsible.

_Subject only to these qualifications, I think that a strict test
of**proximity** by sight or hearing should be applied by the courts._

_Lastly, as regards communication, there is no case in which the law has
compensated shock brought about by communication by a third party._ In
_Hambrook v. Stokes Brothers_ [1925] 1 K.B. 141, indeed, it was said that
liability would not arise in such a case and this is surely right. It was so
decided in _Abramzik_ v. _Brenner_ (1967) 65 D.L.R. (2d) 651. _The shock must
come through sight or hearing of the event or of its immediate aftermath.
Whether some equivalent of sight or hearing, e.g. through simultaneous
television, would suffice may have to be considered._

[emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

_Lord Wilberforce’s observations considered_

39 _Part 1_ of Lord Wilberforce’s judgment in _McLoughlin_ ([23] _supra_)
(reproduced above at [36]) is instructive in several ways. In its most
_general_ sense, this portion of the learned law lord’s judgment not only
reaffirms his earlier views in _Anns_ ([20] _supra_) at 751–752 (reproduced
above at [20]), but also (and more importantly) supports and is consistent
with the views of this court in _Spandeck_ ([2] _supra_), as reproduced above
at [21]. These views constitute, in fact, the _general foundation_ upon which
a duty of care in claims in negligence for non-physical injury (including
psychiatric harm) is based. Briefly, these views include the following:

(a) The court needs to draw clear _boundaries to (or place limits on)_
liability in negligence for non-physical injury in order to ensure that such
liability does not become indeterminate and/or arbitrary. As Prof Tan Keng
Feng aptly points out (see Tan Keng Feng, “Liability for Psychiatric Illness –
The English Law Commission” (1999) 7 Tort Law Rev 165 (“Liability for
Psychiatric Illness”)), there is _no_ difficulty in so far as _physical_
injury is concerned as the _very nature_ of the injury _itself_ constitutes
the necessary boundary or limitation (which he terms the “physical impact
limit” (_id_ at 166)). It should also be noted that this court in _Spandeck_
was of the view (at [64] and [70]–[72]) that there should not be different
tests for determining whether a duty of care exists in cases of physical
injury on the one hand and cases of non-physical injury on the other. Most
importantly, perhaps, such boundaries or limits are drawn by the court as a
matter of _policy_. _However_ , Lord Wilberforce’s reference to “policy” in
_McLoughlin_ will (as we shall see below) require some _clarification_.

(b) Mere _factual_ foreseeability, whilst a necessary condition or
prerequisite to establish a duty of care, is _not_ (_in and of itself_)
sufficient (see _Spandeck_ at [75]–[76]).

(c) _Proximity_ between the plaintiff and the defendant is _also_ a _condition
or prerequisite_ which must be satisfied in order to establish a duty of care
(_id_ at [77]) and, to this end, _policy_ arguments must be considered.

40 Before proceeding to consider _Part 2_ of Lord Wilberforce’s judgment in
_McLoughlin_ in more detail _and_ in its _context_ , an important
clarification of the learned law lord’s use of the concept of “ _policy_ ”
(at, _inter alia_ , 421) is not only instructive, but also necessary in order
to avoid the very real confusion that would otherwise result. Indeed, the
danger of such confusion reminds us of the famous (and oft-cited) words of
Burrough J in the leading English decision of _Richardson v Mellish_ (1824) 2
Bing 229; 130 ER 294 (at 252; 303) that public policy is:

[A] very unruly horse, and when once you get astride it you never know where
it will carry you. It may lead you from the sound law.

It is, of course, true that the ebullient Lord Denning MR was, in comparison,
more sanguine when he observed in the English Court of Appeal decision of
_Enderby Town Football Club Ltd v Football Association Ltd_ [1971] Ch 591 (at
606) that:

With a good man in the saddle, the unruly horse can be kept in control. It can
jump over obstacles.

It is, nevertheless, clear that the concept of “public policy” is not an easy
one and the court must be vigilant to ensure that it is properly conceived as
well as properly applied. In the specific context of the present appeal, let
us elaborate on how possible confusion can, in fact, be avoided.

41 The key to avoiding the possible confusion referred to in the preceding
paragraph is to recognise that there are _different conceptions_ of the
_concept_ of “ _policy_ ”. Indeed, the concept of “ _public_ policy” referred
to in that very same paragraph is but _one_ conception of the concept of
“policy”.

42 As we shall illustrate in a moment, Lord Wilberforce was, in _McLoughlin_
([23] _supra_), referring to _two different conceptions_ of the concept of “
_policy_ ”.

43 The _first_ conception of “policy” does _not_ refer to “ _public_ policy”
as such. It is, rather, a reference to the _factors_ that must be taken into
account as between _the parties_ to a negligence action (which constitute, in
our view, an example of “ _legal_ policy” [emphasis added] as referred to in
the House of Lords decision of _McFarlane v Tayside Health Board_ [2000] 2 AC
59 at 108, _per_ Lord Millett). In particular, these factors will ensure that
there is sufficient _proximity_ between the parties. Indeed, as this court
emphasised in _Spandeck_ ([2] _supra_ at [77]), _proximity_ is the key _legal_
focus in so far as the _first stage_ of the two-stage test established therein
is concerned. Looked at in this light, we would respectfully suggest that it
is preferable (from both theoretical as well as practical points of view) _to
avoid the use of the term “policy” altogether_ when discussing _legal_ policy
and to refer, instead, to the concept of “ _proximity_ ”. In other words, the
term “policy” should be reserved exclusively for use in the context of “
_public_ policy”.

44 The _second_ conception of “policy” refers, as just mentioned, to “
_public_ policy”. Put simply, this particular conception of “policy” does
_not_ refer to the relationship between _the parties_ as such (which, as we
have emphasised in the preceding paragraph, is more appropriately
characterised as well as analysed under the rubric of “ _proximity_ ”), but
refers, instead, to _broader societal_ considerations. It is _this_ particular
conception of “policy” that constitutes the _second_ stage of the two-stage
test laid down by this court in _Spandeck_. In _Spandeck_ itself, Chan CJ
elaborated upon this particular conception of “policy”, as follows (at
[83]–[85]):

83 Assuming a positive answer to the preliminary question of factual
foreseeability and the first stage of the legal proximity test, a _prima
facie_ duty of care arises. Policy considerations should then be applied to
the factual matrix to determine whether or not to negate this duty. Among the
relevant policy considerations would be, for example, the presence of a
contractual matrix which has clearly defined the rights and liabilities of the
parties and the relative bargaining positions of the parties.

84 We also recognise that the obvious objection to utilising policy as the
overarching determinant of liability is its potential to result in arbitrary
decisions. Although it is generally recognised that public policy is an unruly
horse (_per_ Burrough J in _Richardson v Mellish_ (1824) 2 Bing 229 at 252;
130 ER 294 at 303), it cannot be _completely_ ignored. The danger is _not_
with judges deciding cases based on policy considerations but rather with
judges deciding cases based _solely_ on them. We agree with [Prof Tan Keng
Feng, “The Three-Part Test: Yet Another Test of Duty in Negligence” (1989) 31
Mal L Rev 223 at 228] that “[t]he truth lies somewhere in between pure
principle-based decisions and policy-based decisions” and that “[i]t is
obviously impossible to decide cases _in vacuo_ , exclusive of the interests
and the context of the community for which the decisions are made”. In our
view, it is inescapable that some measure of public policy must be considered
but it must not be the sole determinant.

85 We would also caution that when applying policy considerations to negate
the imposition of a duty of care, the courts must be careful to differentiate
such considerations from the requirement of proximity in the first stage of
the test we have articulated. The courts must, as far as possible, avoid
giving the impression that there remain “unexpressed motives” behind their
finding for or against a duty. The courts must also not have litigants
believe, as J A Smillie put it in “The Foundation of the Duty of Care in
Negligence” (1989) 15 Monash U L Rev 302 at 302, that “none of [the tests
articulated by the courts] is truly explanatory of judges’ reasoning or
provides a helpful framework for analysis of the duty question”. If there is
truly a _pertinent and relevant_ policy consideration involving value
judgments which reflect differential weighing and balancing of competing moral
claims and broad social welfare goals, we feel that it would be better if the
courts were to articulate these concerns under the requirement of policy
considerations, rather than subsume these concerns within the proximity
requirement, which may then lead to an overall distortion of the legal test to
determine the existence of a duty of care. In this respect, we agree with
Nicholas J Mullany when he notes in “Proximity, Policy and Procrastination”
(1992) 9 Aust Bar Rev 80 at 83 that:

Judges should openly express the true premises of their decisions and, if
recovery is considered to be undeserved, in the light of greater moral,
social, economic, administrative or philosophical public perceptions, then
these reasons and not others inherently uncertain in nature, should be
expressed as the true foundation for denial of recovery.

[emphasis in original]

45 Unfortunately, Lord Wilberforce did _not_ , with respect, distinguish
between the two conceptions of “policy” referred to earlier (above at
[43]–[44]). For example, in _Part 1_ of his judgment in _McLoughlin_
(reproduced above at [36]), the learned law lord was, in point of fact,
referring to the _first_ conception of “policy”, _viz_ , _legal_ policy (or,
to use the preferred term (see [43] above), _proximity_). _However_ , in _Part
2_ of his judgment in the same case (reproduced above at [37]), Lord
Wilberforce appeared to be referring to aspects of the _second_ conception of
“policy”, _viz_ , _public_ policy, instead. That _Part 2_ of his judgment
_follows immediately from Part 1_ of the same judgment serves only to
exacerbate the confusion in so far as the various conceptions of “policy” are
concerned. It is admitted, however, that because the line between the
universal and the particular (see the correlation between the two as pointed
out by this court in _Spandeck_ at [28]) is, by its very nature, not always
clear (and may even be blurred), the opportunities for confusion are
(unfortunately) multiplied. Nevertheless, a clear reading of _Part 2_ of Lord
Wilberforce’s judgment in _McLoughlin_ does, in fact, suggest (on _balance_)
that it was the _second_ (and _broader_) aspect of (_public_) “policy” that
the learned law lord was referring to. That this is the correct interpretation
to adopt is _confirmed_ , _in no uncertain terms_ , _by Part 3_ of Lord
Wilberforce’s judgment in the same case – to which our attention must now
turn.

46 _Part 3_ of Lord Wilberforce’s judgment (reproduced above at [38]) is, in
fact, the _most important_ part of his judgment in _McLoughlin_ ([23]
_supra_). It is, indeed, _this_ particular part of the judgment that is cited
most often. This is not surprising in view of the fact that the learned law
lord set out in _Part 3_ , in detail, the “three elements” (_id_ at 422) which
the court ought to consider in every claim founded on negligence that has
resulted in _nervous shock_. Indeed, as already noted (above at [24]), these
three elements were considered and applied by the _Singapore_ High Court (in
_Pang Koi Fa_ ([24] _supra_)).

47 In _Part 3_ of Lord Wilberforce’s judgment in _McLoughlin_ , the three
elements referred to are clearly part of the first (and _narrower_) conception
of “policy”, _viz_ , _legal_ policy, which (as we have noted above at [43])
relates to the issue of _proximity_ between _the parties_ themselves. The
learned law lord, in fact, _expressly stated_ that this was so. He referred to
the concept of “proximity” no fewer than five times in this part of his
judgment. Indeed, he stated at 422 (see the passage reproduced above at [38])
that “[t]he claim … ha[d] to be judged in the light of the other factors, such
as _proximity_ to the scene in time and place, and the nature of the accident”
[emphasis added]. It is also extremely significant, in our view, that _Part 3_
of Lord Wilberforce’s judgment _follows immediately from Part 2_ of the same
judgment, where (as we noted above at [45]) there is a clear reference to the
_second_ (and _broader_) conception of “policy”, _viz_ , _public_ policy.
Indeed, the contrast between the second and the first conceptions of “policy”,
_as embodied within Part 2 and Part 3 (respectively)_ of Lord Wilberforce’s
judgment in _McLoughlin_ , could not be clearer.

48 The upshot of the above analysis is that the apparent “policy” factors
referred to by Lord Wilberforce in _Part 3_ of his judgment in _McLoughlin_
are, _in substance_ , factors that relate to _proximity_ between _the parties_
instead. There would remain residuary “policy” factors that are, in our view,
“true” policy factors inasmuch as they relate to _public_ policy and thus fall
within the purview of the _second_ conception of “policy”. It will be seen
that both these aforementioned stages of legal analysis – _ie_ , consideration
of, first, proximity, followed by public policy – _correspond precisely to the
two-stage test set out by this court_ in _Spandeck_ ([2] _supra_) (reproduced
above at [21]). In other words - and this is an extremely important point –
the two-stage test laid down in _Spandeck_ is _equally_ applicable to a
situation where there is a claim in negligence for psychiatric harm. There is
therefore no need for a _separate_ legal regime governing such a claim. It
will be explained, further, _why_ the two-stage test in _Spandeck_ _should_ be
the legal approach that is to be adopted in _all_ types of claims in
negligence in _the Singapore context_ in so far as establishing a legal duty
of care on the part of the defendant is concerned. At this stage, it will
suffice to state that such an approach, whilst simple, is by no means
simplistic. On the contrary, it brings certainty to a much vexed (albeit
extremely important) area of the law of tort that has engendered many
difficulties, both confused and confusing, across Commonwealth jurisdictions.

_A comparison of Lord Wilberforce’s observations in_ McLoughlin _and in_ Anns

49 At this juncture, it remains for us to consider the possibility that, as a
result of the approach which Lord Wilberforce took in _McLoughlin_ ([23]
_supra_), the two-stage test which he laid down in _Anns_ ([20] _supra_) at
751–752 (reproduced above at [20]) must now be reinterpreted as referring to
_factual_ foreseeability at the _first_ stage, followed (at the _second_
stage) by “ _policy_ ” considerations in the _narrower_ (and _first_)
conception of “policy”, which (as we saw above at [43] and [45]) relates to
_proximity_. We do not, however, think that this is what the learned law lord
intended or meant.

50 In the first place, our analysis earlier (above at [42]–[47]) clearly
demonstrates that Lord Wilberforce was referring to _two separate and
distinct_ conceptions of “policy” in _McLoughlin_. This, in all likelihood,
means that he similarly had these two distinct conceptions of “policy” in mind
when enunciating his two-stage test in _Anns_.

51 Secondly, and on an even more important as well as closely-related note,
Lord Wilberforce referred, in _his very formulation_ of the two-stage test in
_Anns_ itself, to the requirement, at the _first_ stage, of “a sufficient
relationship of _proximity_ or neighbourhood” [emphasis added] (see _Anns_ at
751).

52 Thirdly, at least one subsequent House of Lords decision has adopted the
interpretation of Lord Wilberforce’s judgment which we have advocated. In
_Alcock_ ([23] _supra_), the court treated the three factors enunciated by
Lord Wilberforce in _Part 3_ of his judgment in _McLoughlin_ ([23] _supra_) as
falling within the sphere of _proximity_ instead (_viz_ , the first stage of
the two-stage test set out in _Anns_ (reproduced above at [20]) and in
_Spandeck_ (reproduced above at [21])). Amarjeet Singh JC put it well in _Pang
Koi Fa_ ([24] _supra_), as follows (at 326, [33]):

The additional consideration applied by their Lordships [in _Alcock_] was that
of the ‘relationship of proximity’ according to the three proximities applied
by Lord Wilberforce in _McLoughlin_ , _but unlike Lord Wilberforce, their
application of the three proximities was not a consideration of policy which
limits the classes of cases where liability may be established._ Instead,
their considerations of the three proximities were as a means of conditioning
the duty of care, a further limitation to the existence and scope of the duty.
In other words, _instead of considering the proximities as limitations to the
classes where as a matter of policy, recovery may be permitted, the
proximities were legal requirements defining the classes wherein recovery may
be permitted, barring the additional considerations of justice and
reasonableness_. As _legal_ requirements, the threshold for their fulfilment
is thus a _legal_ threshold, and the extension of liability would be on an
incremental basis by analogy with established categories, rather than on
general principles of reasonable foreseeability. The parameters of the scope
of the duty to avoid inflicting nervous shock had thus been redefined.
[emphasis added]

53 Finally, and on the equally important level of general principle and
development of the law in this difficult area, the approach which this court
adopted in _Spandeck_ (reproduced above at [21]) serves, simultaneously, to
reconcile the _substance_ of what appear to be rather inconsistent approaches
(particularly under English law).

54 It is, in the circumstances, _highly unlikely_ that Lord Wilberforce was
referring to only _factual_ foreseeability (_instead of proximity_) in the
_first_ stage of his two-stage test in _Anns_. If he was (and, as just
mentioned, we do not think that this was the case in the first place), we
must, respectfully, _disagree_ with such an approach. However, it is vitally
important to point out that, _even if_ the _first_ stage of Lord Wilberforce’s
two-stage test in _Anns_ is taken as referring to _factual_ foreseeability
_only_ , _nothing_ of _substance_ would turn on it because, as this court
explained in _Spandeck_ , there must, in principle as well as in logic,
justice and fairness, be a _holistic and integrated_ analysis of the relevant
factual matrix _both_ from the perspective of _proximity_ (as between _the
parties_) _and_ from the perspective of _public_ policy (on a _broader
societal_ level). The latter may operate to exclude a duty of care for the
purposes of the tort of negligence _even if_ the situation concerned passes
legal muster under the former (inasmuch as there is otherwise _proximity_
between the parties in law).

55 Indeed, in _Spandeck_ ([2] _supra_), this court was clearly aware of the
possible difficulties surrounding the meaning of the first stage of the two-
stage test in _Anns_. As Chan CJ put it (_id_ at [34]):

It is well known that there is some controversy regarding the meaning of the
first stage of the test: Did it relate only to the _factual_ issue of
reasonable foreseeability _or_ did it introduce the _legal_ conception of
proximity … ? [emphasis in original]

56 The response to the question posed in the preceding paragraph was clear and
unambiguous to this court. Chan CJ observed thus (_id_ at [75]):

As we mentioned earlier (see [34] above), there is _some controversy_ in
relation to _the interpretation of the first stage_ of Lord Wilberforce’s test
in _Anns_ , _ie_ , whether it refers to mere factual foreseeability or legal
foreseeability or proximity. _In our view, factual foreseeability is too wide
a criterion to be effective as a legal control mechanism if all that it means
is that the defendant ought to have known that the claimant would suffer
damage from his (the defendant’s) carelessness. If this is the approach to be
adopted, it would be fulfilled in almost all cases, because the two parties
are likely to be in some degree of physical relationship in the relevant
case._ [emphasis added]

_Summary of our analysis of Lord Wilberforce’s observations in_ McLoughlin

57 In summary, a close analysis of the observations of Lord Wilberforce in
_McLoughlin_ ([23] _supra_) (in the context of his earlier enunciation of the
two-stage test in _Anns_ ([20] _supra_)) reveals that his statements of
principle in both of these cases are consistent with what this court decided
in _Spandeck_ (which adopted a two-stage test, with (legal) foreseeability or
proximity as the focus at the first stage and (broader) public policy as the
focus at the second stage) to the extent that the three factors set out in
_Part 3_ of the learned law lord’s judgment in _McLoughlin_ are an integral
part of the _first_ stage of the two-stage test in _Anns_ , which formed the
basis of the (likewise) two-stage test laid down in _Spandeck_.

58 We turn now to consider the second major House of Lords decision, _viz_ ,
_Page_ ([23] _supra_).

**_The decision in_ Page**

_The decision itself_

59 The decision in _Page_ was another major legal landmark in the law relating
to liability in negligence for psychiatric harm. In that case, the House of
Lords drew a clear distinction _between primary and secondary victims_. This
distinction had, in fact, been drawn in earlier cases (for instance, _per_
Lord Oliver of Aylmerton in _Alcock_ ([23] _supra_) at 407). However, _Page_
not only brought this distinction to the fore, but also elaborated upon it in
some detail. More importantly, the House of Lords held in _Page_ that where
the plaintiff was the _primary_ victim, he or she was entitled to recovery
against the defendant _even when_ the _psychiatric_ harm suffered was _not
reasonably foreseeable_ by the latter _– provided that physical_ injury to the
plaintiff (which he or she _apprehended_ _and_ which need _not_ have _actually
occurred_) _was foreseeable and the apprehension of such physical injury
resulted in the psychiatric harm_. Indeed, in _Page_ itself, _physical_
injury, whilst _foreseeable_ , did _not_ , in fact, _actually occur_.
_Nevertheless_ , it was held (consistent with the general principle just set
out) that the plaintiff in that case (“Mr Page”) was _entitled to recover_
against the defendant in that case (“Mr Smith”) for the _psychiatric_ illness
that ensued as a consequence of the collision between their cars.

60 It is significant, in our view, that the decision in _Page_ was _not a
unanimous one_. Indeed, it was a decision based on the barest of majorities –
three to two. As we shall see in a moment, the two dissenting judgments were
not unpersuasive. More importantly, perhaps, we find, with respect,
significant difficulties with the decision of the majority. Looked at in this
light, it is important to proceed to consider these judgments in more detail.

61 By way of factual background, there was, in _Page_ , a motor accident in
July 1987. Mr Page was driving his car along a road when Mr Smith, driving in
the opposite direction, cut across his (Mr Page’s) path whilst entering a side
road. A collision occurred in which Mr Page sustained _no_ _physical injury_.
There was also no physical injury sustained by either Mr Smith, his wife or
his child, who were passengers in his car. Put simply, this was _a minor_
motor accident (although there was considerable damage to both vehicles).
However, Mr Page had, for a very long time, suffered from a condition known as
myalgic encephalomyelitis (“ME”) (also known as chronic fatigue syndrome or
post-viral fatigue syndrome). He had suffered a particularly severe attack of
ME some four months earlier (in March 1987) as a result of a viral infection.
Prior to the accident, he had been recovering from that attack and had hoped
to return to work in September 1987. Mr Page brought an action against Mr
Smith for damages for personal injuries caused by the latter’s negligence. He
argued that his condition (relating to ME) had become chronic and permanent as
a result of the accident and that he would never be able to work again.
According to Mr Page, he had felt exhausted three hours after the accident and
had taken to his bed, whereupon the exhaustion continued and his condition
became chronic and permanent.

62 The House of Lords, as mentioned earlier (above at [59]), found in favour
of Mr Page, but only (as was noted above at [60]) by a bare majority of three
to two. We turn now to consider the various judgments delivered by the court.

63 Turning, first, to the judgments delivered by the majority, the leading
judgment was delivered by Lord Lloyd of Berwick (with whom Lord Ackner and
Lord Browne-Wilkinson agreed). The learned law lord drew a (crucial)
distinction between a primary victim on the one hand and a secondary victim on
the other. In _Page_ , the facts related to a _primary_ victim and the basic
issue before the court was whether or not the _foreseeability_ of _physical_
injury (_as opposed to psychiatric_ injury) to Mr Page was sufficient to
enable him to recover damages for nervous shock (bearing in mind that there
had been _no actual physical_ injury to Mr Page himself).

64 Lord Lloyd was of the view that “[t]hough the distinction between primary
and secondary victims [was] a _factual_ one, it ha[d] … important _legal_
consequences” [emphasis added] (_Page_ at 184). However, in our view, with
respect, this merely _factual_ distinction does _not, in and of itself,_
translate into a _legal_ distinction in the absence of _a normative legal
justification_. Lord Lloyd did observe that foreseeability of _psychiatric_
harm was relevant only _vis-à-vis_ _secondary_ victims. However, in so far as
_primary_ victims were concerned, since foreseeability of _physical injury_
was sufficient to found a duty of care on the part of the defendant, _and_
given the fact that no distinction ought to be drawn between physical and
psychiatric injury (given the expansion in the state of medical knowledge),
there was no need for a plaintiff who was a primary victim to demonstrate
(further) that _psychiatric_ injury was also foreseeable. This last-mentioned
legal control mechanism ought only to apply to _secondary_ victims. In the
learned law lord’s words (_id_ at 190):

There is no justification for regarding physical and psychiatric injury as
different “kinds” of injury. Once it is established that the defendant is
under a duty of care to avoid causing personal injury to the plaintiff, it
matters not whether the injury in fact sustained is physical, psychiatric or
both.

65 Turning, next, to the judgments delivered by the minority, Lord Keith of
Kinkel was of the view (_id_ at 169) that “[r]easonable foreseeablility being
the test, there [was] no logical ground for distinguishing between the two
classes of claimants [_ie_ , primary victims and secondary victims]”. Lord
Jauncey of Tullichettle, who was the other dissenting judge, observed thus
(_id_ at 171–172):

When a plaintiff suffers damage as a result of the negligent act of another he
must establish foreseeability of the general type of damage before he can
succeed. The fact that personal injury is a likely consequence will not
support a claim for pure economic loss. In the normal personal injury case
arising from a factory or road accident the foreseeability of such injury
arising from the negligent act seldom requires to be addressed since it is
self evident from the circumstances. However that is not to say that the need
for it is dispensed with. It is by no means impossible that a plaintiff could
be directly involved in an accident caused by a negligent act where the
circumstances required specific proof that injury was foreseeable. In
_Overseas Tankship (U.K.) Ltd. v. Morts Dock & Engineering Co. Ltd. (The Wagon
Mound)_ [1961] A.C. 388, 426, the judgment of the Board contained the
following observations:

“Their Lordships conclude this part of the case with some general
observations. They have been concerned primarily to displace the proposition
that unforeseeability is irrelevant if damage is ‘direct.’ In doing so they
have inevitably insisted that the essential factor in determining liability is
whether the damage is of such a kind as the reasonable man should have
foreseen. This accords with the general view thus stated by Lord Atkin in
_Donoghue v. Stevenson_ [1932] A.C. 562, 580: ‘The liability for negligence,
whether you style it such or treat it as in other systems as a species of
“culpa,” is no doubt based upon a general public sentiment of moral wrongdoing
for which the offender must pay.’ It is a departure from this sovereign
principle if liability is made to depend solely on the damage being the
‘direct’ or ‘natural’ consequence of the precedent act. Who knows or can be
assumed to know all the processes of nature?”

If therefore a plaintiff who is directly involved in an accident [is]
require[d] to establish that the physical injuries sustained by him were the
foreseeable consequences of a negligent act it is not easy to see in principle
why such a plaintiff who suffers merely nervous shock and its consequences
should not [be] require[d] to prove that it [_ie_ , nervous shock] was
similarly foreseeable. As a matter of common sense physical injuries are far
more likely to result from an impact accident than is nervous shock causing
subsequent illness. While it is not uncommon for a severe physical injury to
give rise to some degree of psychiatric illness it is not the law that such
illness is presumed to be a foreseeable consequence of every physical injury,
rather … each case depend[s] on its own circumstances. If therefore the
foreseeability of psychiatric illness consequent upon physical injury [is]
require[d] to be established independently of the foreseeability of the
physical injury why should the position be different where there was at the
most a risk of physical injury which never eventuated?

The learned law lord also observed, later in his judgment, thus (_id_ at 175):

[F]oreseeability of injury is necessary to determine whether a duty is owed to
the victim. Unless such injury can be foreseen the victim is not a neighbour
within the celebrated dictum of Lord Atkin in _Donoghue v. Stevenson_ [1932]
A.C. 562 and cannot recover.

_Criticisms of the majority’s approach_

66 As alluded to earlier (above at [60]), we find, with respect, the decision
of the majority in _Page_ ([23] _supra_) to be problematic for a number of
reasons. Indeed, many of them are to be found in the characteristically
perceptive judgment of Lord Goff of Chieveley in the House of Lords decision
of _White_ ([23] _supra_). Whilst the learned law lord dissented in that
particular decision, his criticisms of _Page_ (being, strictly speaking,
_obiter dicta_) were not commented on adversely by his brethren.

67 Lord Goff was of the view that there were three broad grounds of criticism
in respect of the majority’s decision in _Page_. His observations in this
regard merit (because of their importance) extensive quotation, as follows
(_White_ at 475–476):

In summary the basic grounds of criticism appear to be threefold.

(a) There has been no previous support for any such approach, and there is
authority in England and Australia to the contrary. …

(b) The approach favoured by Lord Lloyd [in _Page_] appears to be inconsistent
not only with the adoption by Viscount Simonds in _The Wagon Mound No. 1_
[1961] A.C. 388, 426, of Denning L.J.’s statement of principle [in the English
Court of Appeal decision of _King v Phillips_ [1953] 1 QB 429], but also with
the actual reasoning of the Privy Council in that case [_ie_ , _The Wagon
Mound No. 1_]. There a particular type of damage to property, viz. damage by
fire, was differentiated from other types of damage to property for the
purpose of deciding whether the defendant could reasonably have foreseen
damage of that particular type, so as to render him liable in damages in tort
for such damage. That differentiation was made on purely common sense grounds,
as a matter of practical justice. On exactly the same grounds, a particular
type of personal injury, viz. psychiatric injury, may, for the like purpose,
properly be differentiated from other types of personal injury. It appears to
be in no way inconsistent with the making of that common sense judgment, as a
matter of practical justice, that scientific advances are revealing that
psychiatric illnesses may have a physical base, or that psychiatric injury
should be regarded as another form of personal injury. Moreover the absence of
any previous challenge to the general application of the principle stated by
Denning L.J., and adopted by Viscount Simonds, perhaps provides the strongest
endorsement of that common sense judgment.

(c) The majority in _Page v. Smith_ [1996] A.C. 155 may have misunderstood the
so-called eggshell skull rule. In the course of his opinion, Lord Lloyd said,
at p. 187:

“We now know that the plaintiff escaped without external injury. Can it be the
law that this makes all the difference? Can it be the law that the fortuitous
absence of actual physical injury means that a different test has to be
applied?”

These rhetorical questions Lord Lloyd answered in the negative. Yet the effect
of the “eggshell skull” rule, i.e. the rule that a wrongdoer must take his
victim as he finds him, is that the absence (or, more accurately, the
presence) of physical injury to the plaintiff, may make all the difference.
Lord Lloyd said, at p. 193:

“There is nothing in _Bourhill v. Young_ [[24] _supra_] to displace the
ordinary rule that where the plaintiff is within the range of foreseeable
physical injury the defendant must take his victim as he finds him.”

However, it appears from the passage from Lord Wright’s opinion in _Bourhill
v. Young_ [1943] A.C. 92, 109–110 … [_viz_ , Lord Wright’s statement that “if
the wrong is established the wrongdoer must take the victim as he finds him”]
that that is not the ordinary rule. The maxim only applies where liability has
been established. The criticism is therefore that Lord Lloyd appears to have
taken an exceptional rule relating to compensation and treated it as being of
general application, thereby creating a wider principle of liability.

I recognise that the impact of this new statement of principle [in _Page_] is
likely to be relatively slight, in that it does no more than extend liability
for psychiatric damage to those cases where physical damage is reasonably
foreseeable (though none is suffered) but psychiatric damage is not. In any
event, however, this situation does not arise in the present appeals, since
none of the claimants was within the range of foreseeable physical injury; and
your Lordships do not therefore have to form a view about the validity of the
criticisms which I have summarised above. Your Lordships can therefore proceed
on the basis that, for the purposes of the present appeals, the relevant test
is, as in the past, the test of foreseeability of psychiatric damage.

68 We would gratefully adopt the reasoning of Lord Goff set out in the
preceding paragraph, and add some observations of our own.

69 Leaving aside the issue of precedent (which was Lord Goff’s first point,
and a not unimportant one at that), the basic difficulty centres on the issue
of _characterisation_. The basic thrust of the approach of the majority in
_Page_ ([23] _supra_) was as follows. The court ought not now to distinguish
between physical injury on the one hand and psychiatric harm on the other. In
the premises, if physical injury was foreseeable, then even if no actual
physical injury resulted, the plaintiff was entitled to recover damages for
any psychiatric injury inasmuch as such injury would be considered as part of
the _extent_ of the _physical_ injury suffered as a result of the defendant’s
negligence pursuant to the “eggshell skull rule”.

70 With respect, the premises upon which the majority in _Page_ based their
arguments are flawed.

71 Whilst there ought not now to be an artificial distinction between physical
injury on the one hand and psychiatric harm on the other in relation to the
applicable test for determining whether a duty of care exists, it is clear
that there nevertheless ought still to exist a distinction from the
perspective of _legal control mechanisms to prevent a floodgate of litigation
ensuing_. In other words, physical injury in the conventional sense (which
excludes psychiatric harm) delimits, by its _very nature_ , the extent of
liability owed by the defendant concerned to potential plaintiffs. Put simply,
the danger of a floodgate of litigation ensuing is minimal or non-existent
where physical injury is concerned.

72 Contrast the situation where physical injury occurs, however, with two
other situations.

73 The first relates to cases of _pure economic loss_. This court in
_Spandeck_ ([2] _supra_) has dealt with (the legal rules and principles
relating to) this particular type of loss comprehensively (see above at [21]).

74 The second, which is one of the important issues in the present appeal,
relates to negligence that results in _psychiatric harm_. _Not unlike pure
economic_ loss, the _potential reach_ of a negligent act or statement that may
cause _psychiatric harm_ is potentially _open-ended_. _Unlike_ the situation
where _physical illness or injury_ is caused (where the extent of the damage
is _necessarily limited in space and time_ , as noted above at [71]), this is
_not_ the situation with regard to _psychiatric harm_ (and explains the
increasingly stringent approach adopted by the House of Lords, particularly in
_McLoughlin_ ([23] _supra_), _Alcock_ ([23] _supra_) and _White_ ([23]
_supra_)). In this regard, the following observations by Prof Tan Keng Feng in
Law Reform Committee, Singapore Academy of Law, _Discussion Paper on Liability
for Negligently Inflicted Psychiatric Illness_ (22 August 2000) (“ _Discussion
Paper_ ”) at pp 2–3 should also be noted (a similar passage by the same author
also appears in “Liability for Psychiatric Illness” ([39] _supra_) at 167):

The most cogent reason, however, for limiting liability for psychiatric
illness is the fear of opening the floodgates of litigation. … _Non-impact
psychiatric illness undoubtedly induces wider claims than impact physical
damage_. It is better to accept some inevitable arbitrariness in drawing a
line somewhere on … liability for psychiatric illness than to endure
unmanageable chaos [resulting] from … unfettered recovery [for] such damage.
[emphasis added]

Tony Weir, in his review of Nicholas J Mullany & Peter R Handford, _Mullany
and Handford’s Tort Liability for Psychiatric Damage: The Law of “Nervous
Shock”_ (Lawbook Co Ltd, 1993) _at[1993] CLJ 520, stated, in a similar vein,
thus (at 521):_

_Vulnerability to physical lesion is pretty standard throughout the population
– a force which wounds you would wound me, too – but the range of psychic
liability is very great indeed – a quite minor accident can throw one person
into a serious decline … and leave another wholly unaffected._

75 Hence, the majority of the court in _Page_ ([23] _supra_) was, with
respect, in error when it _equated_ physical injury with psychiatric harm _for
the purposes of formulating legal control mechanisms_. As we have just seen,
given the _nature_ of each type of injury, the respective _legal control
mechanisms_ ought to be _different_.

76 It may, however, be argued that the legal control mechanism _vis-à-vis_
psychiatric harm _is_ different inasmuch as the majority of the court in
_Page_ had distinguished between primary victims on the one hand and secondary
victims on the other. _However_ , the question that then arises is this: _Why
should such a distinction be drawn if both categories of victims have suffered
the same type of injury,_ viz _, psychiatric harm?_ The answer, presumably,
would be that a primary victim who suffers both physical injury and
psychiatric harm ought to be subjected to fewer legal preconditions with
regard to recovery because both types of injury ought to be treated as being
the same. _However_ , for the reasons we have given earlier (above at
[70]–[74]), this answer is, in fact, flawed.

77 More important, perhaps, is the issue of _substantive justice_ – or, as
Lord Goff put it in _White_ ([23] _supra_) at 475 (see the quotation set out
above at [67]), “practical justice”. Put simply, there is, in our view, no
reason grounded in policy, principle or justice and fairness as to why a
primary victim should be treated more favourably than a secondary victim; from
this perspective, there is a powerful reason for doing away with the
distinction between primary victims and secondary victims. Let us elaborate.

78 The law, as originally formulated, has moved (in the context of damages for
psychiatric harm) from allowing recovery by a primary victim only to extending
recovery to a secondary victim.

79 In the English High Court decision of _Dulieu v White & Sons_ [1901] 2 KB
669 (“ _Dulieu_ ”), the plaintiff was permitted to recover for nervous shock
which was caused by her apprehension of physical injury as a result of the
negligent conduct of the defendant. What engendered controversy was Kennedy
J’s _dictum_ in that case (at 675) to the effect that the shock concerned must
arise from _reasonable fear of immediate personal injury_ _to oneself_. This
_dictum_ was, in fact, _rejected_ by the majority of the English Court of
Appeal in _Hambrook_ ([24] _supra_). In _Hambrook_ , the plaintiff’s wife had
_not herself been in any personal danger_. However, she had just parted with
her three children (a daughter and two sons), having (as was her habit)
accompanied them part of the way to school. Shortly thereafter, she witnessed
a lorry, which the defendants’ servant had negligently left unattended,
charging down the steep incline (where she was standing) and rapidly round the
bend in the direction of where she had left her children. Although her
children were not within her sight, the plaintiff’s wife became very anxious
for their safety. She inquired of bystanders what had happened and discovered
that a little girl who wore spectacles had been taken away injured. This fit
the description of her daughter. She became agitated, tearing her hair and
screaming. She then rushed to the school and found her two sons there.
However, her daughter was missing. She went to the hospital, where she found
her daughter, who had been knocked down by the lorry and had suffered serious
injuries. The plaintiff’s wife was three or four months pregnant at that time.
As a result of what happened, she suffered a serious nervous shock and, as a
consequence, a severe haemorrhage as well. She recovered partially, but then
suffered a relapse. She was operated on and a dead foetus was removed.
Unfortunately, she died a few days later. The plaintiff brought an action
against the defendants under the Fatal Accidents Act 1846 (c 93) (UK) in
respect of the death of his wife to recover damages for the loss of her
services as manageress of his restaurant. Although the defendants admitted the
negligence alleged by the plaintiff, they argued that the shock alleged to
have been sustained by the deceased wife was too remote. The majority of the
court, however, held in favour of the plaintiff, although (unlike the
situation in _Dulieu_) there had been no reasonable fear of personal injury to
the plaintiff’s wife herself. The majority’s observations are particularly
apposite and merit quotation in full.

80 First, Bankes LJ observed, in _Hambrook_ , as follows (at 151):

Accepting the line of reasoning illustrated by these authorities [which
included, _inter alia_ , _Dulieu_], it follows that what a man ought to have
anticipated is material when considering the extent of his duty. Upon the
authorities as they stand, the defendant ought to have anticipated that if his
lorry ran away down this narrow street, it might terrify some woman to such an
extent, through fear of some immediate bodily injury to herself, that she
would receive such a mental shock as would injure her health. _Can any real
distinction be drawn from the point of view of what the defendant ought to
have anticipated and what, therefore, his duty was, between that case and the
case of a woman whose fear is for her child, and not for herself? Take a case
in point as a test. Assume two mothers crossing this street at the same time
when this lorry comes thundering down, each holding a small child by the hand.
One mother is courageous and devoted to her child. She is terrified, but
thinks only of the damage to the child, and not at all about herself. The
other woman is timid and lacking in the motherly instinct. She also is
terrified, but thinks only of the damage to herself and not at all about her
child. The health of both mothers is seriously affected by the mental shock
occasioned by the fright. Can any real distinction be drawn between the two
cases? Will the law recognize a cause of action in the case of the less
deserving mother, and none in the case of the more deserving one? Does the law
say that the defendant ought reasonably to have anticipated the non-natural
feeling of the timid mother, and not the natural feeling of the courageous
mother? I think not._ In my opinion the step which the Court is asked to take,
under the circumstances of the present case, necessarily follows from an
acceptance of the decision in _Dulieu v. White & Sons_, and I think that _the
dictum of Kennedy J_., laid down in quite general terms in that case, _cannot
be accepted as good law applicable in every case_. [emphasis added]

81 Atkin LJ observed, in the same case, thus (_id_ at 157):

I can find _no principle to support_ the self-imposed restriction stated in
the judgment of Kennedy J. in _Dulieu v. White & Sons_, _that the shock must
be a shock which arises from a reasonable fear of immediate personal injury to
oneself._ It appears to me inconsistent with the decision in _Pugh v. London,
Brighton and South Coast Ry. Co._ [[1896] 2 QB 498], and with the decision in
_Wilkinson v. Downton_ [[1897] 2 QB 57]_,_ in neither of which cases was the
shock the result of the apprehension of the injury to the plaintiff. _It would
result in a state of the law in which a mother, shocked by fright for herself,
would recover, while a mother shocked by her child being killed before her
eyes, could not, and in which a mother traversing the highway with a child in
her arms could recover if shocked by fright for herself, while if she could be
cross-examined into an admission that the fright was really for her child, she
could not. In my opinion such distinctions would be discreditable to any
system of jurisprudence in which they formed part._ [emphasis added]

82 _Hambrook_ is an important decision inasmuch as it _shifted_ the English
courts’ approach _vis-à-vis_ claims in negligence for psychiatric harm from
what has commonly been described as the “impact theory” to the “shock theory”
(see, for example, Tan Keng Feng, “Nervous Shock to Primary Victims” [1995]
Sing JLS 649 at 653). This shift is also justified by considerations of
justice and fairness (as embodied in the observations of Bankes and Atkin LJJ
in _Hambrook_ , which have just been quoted in the preceding two paragraphs;
significantly, the latter judge was later to formulate the famous “neighbour
principle” in the seminal House of Lords decision of _Donoghue v Stevenson_
[1932] AC 562).

83 What _Page_ ([23] _supra_) has, in substance, effected is a _return_ to the
“impact theory” in so far as _primary_ victims are concerned (see “Nervous
Shock to Primary Victims” at 653). As aptly stated in Nicholas J Mullany,
“Psychiatric damage in the House of Lords – Fourth time unlucky: _Page v
Smith_ ” (1995–1996) 3 Journal of Law and Medicine 112 (“Psychiatric damage in
the House of Lords”) at 119–120:

Insistence on foreseeability of mental injury through shock does not drive one
to the conclusion that there is a separate tort of causing psychiatric damage.
Clearly there is not. It is simply an insistence on the application of the
tort of negligence to a particular type of personal injury rather than
subsumption of damage to the mind within the broader category … Lord Lloyd [in
_Page_] saw insistence on reasonable foreseeability of mental injury by shock
in direct participant cases as “a step backwards” … _The exact opposite is
true. English common law has now backtracked in relation to such cases to a
position not all that far removed from the “impact” theory_ ... [emphasis
added]

Reference may also be made, in this regard, to Peter Handford, “A New Chapter
in the Foresight Saga: Psychiatric Damage in the House of Lords” (1996) 4 Tort
Law Rev 5 (“A New Chapter in the Foresight Saga”), where the learned author
observed thus (at 7):

Whatever may have happened to the law of psychiatric damage in its earlier
formative period, for the past fifty years this category of claim has been
regarded as conceptually separate from ordinary cases of personal injury,
marked off by the requirement that there must be reasonable foresight of
psychiatric harm, assessed on an ex post facto basis, and limited by various
other principles of proximity of relationship, time and space, and manner of
infliction which do not apply to ordinary personal injury cases. … Lord Oliver
has [in _Alcock_ ([23] _supra_)] made a valuable contribution to this branch
of the law by distinguishing between primary and secondary victim cases, _but
this is a distinction which merely goes to the issue of proximity and makes it
easier to appreciate that psychiatric damage cases can arise in situations
which do not involve an “accident” in the ordinary sense of the word_ , for
example cases in which such harm is occasioned by work conditions … _Under
Lord Lloyd’s view [in_ Page _], these developments are negated. Psychiatric
damage as a category disappears except in cases involving secondary victims,
thus putting the focus back on the traditional situation of witnessing
accidents._ [emphasis added]

84 The result of the majority’s approach in _Page_ is _to favour primary
victims over secondary victims_ although, as the observations of both Bankes
and Atkin LJJ in _Hambrook_ ([24] _supra_) illustrate (see above at [80] and
[81], respectively), there is no reason in logic, principle or (for that
matter) justice and fairness to adopt such an approach. Indeed, one would have
thought that, _at the very least, both primary as well as secondary victims
ought to be treated in the same way. If so, then the test for determining the
existence of a duty of care_ vis-à-vis _both of these categories of victims in
the context of claims for nervous shock should be the same_.

85 There are also _other difficulties_ that arise from adopting the approach
of the majority in _Page_.

86 There are, first, _practical difficulties_ in _defining as well as
identifying who a primary victim is_.

87 The relevant case law itself demonstrates that there are both broader as
well as narrower views of who a primary victim is (as embodied in the
judgments of Lord Oliver in _Alcock_ ([23] _supra_) at 407 and Lord Lloyd in
_Page_ ([23] _supra_) at 184, respectively).

88 Even more importantly, perhaps, it would, in our view, be invidious if the
strictness of the applicable legal test as well as the possibility of
completely contrary results ensuing were to depend on _how the relevant fact
situation is characterised_. Put simply, a victim in the _same_ fact situation
could, _depending on how the relevant facts are perceived_ , be
_characterised_ as either a primary victim or a secondary victim (and, on many
occasions, with _equal persuasiveness_). In this regard, the following
examples given by Prof Trindade in a characteristically perceptive note on
_Page_ make the point both eloquently and pointedly, and are therefore quoted
in full (see F A Trindade, “Nervous Shock and Negligent Conduct” (1996) 112
LQR 22 at 24):

It is implicit in the judgments of the majority in _Page v. Smith_ that those
who fall into the category of primary victims will be easy to identify; but is
this likely to be the case? In _Page v. Smith_ it was not difficult to
conclude that the plaintiff was within the area of physical impact and that
there was therefore a foreseeable risk of bodily injury to the plaintiff. But
cases will not always be as simple as that. What of the passengers sitting on
a bus with which a negligent motorist collides? Is it only the passengers who
are in close proximity to the part of the bus where the impact occurs, or
every passenger on the bus who could be said to be within the range of
foreseeable physical injury? What of a passenger train which is derailed by
the negligence of the engine driver? Is it only the passengers sitting in the
derailed carriage or all the passengers on the train who are within the range
of foreseeable physical injury? And what of the situation of a disabled
aircraft which flies over a city and then crashes into a residential building
… or a runaway lorry as in _Hambrook v. Stokes_ [1925] 1 K.B. 141? Would there
not be many people within the range of foreseeable injury? In the case of a
runaway lorry would it matter that the plaintiff would have had ample time to
step aside into a shop into a position of safety? Would that prevent the
plaintiff [from] claiming to be a primary victim? And what of the example
given by Lord Ackner in _Alcock_ … of a petrol tanker careering out of control
into a school in session and bursting into flames? Who would be within the
range of foreseeable physical injury? The children and teachers in the
classrooms, those in the playground, parents or friends waiting to collect
children, passers-by who fear that the petrol tanker might explode as a result
of the collision?

If all these persons can be said to be within the range of foreseeable
physical injury then all of them could be said to be primary victims of the
defendant’s negligence. If this is so, then as a result of _Page v. Smith_ all
of them would be able to recover for any psychiatric illness that might be
suffered by them, provided only that they can prove that the psychiatric
illness was shock induced, genuine and caused by the accident. They would not
be subject to any of the control mechanisms insisted on by the courts until
now to keep in check liability for nervous shock. Even the passer-by
unconnected with any child in the school could recover for nervous shock
merely because he was within the range of foreseeable physical injury from the
collision. The fact that nervous shock to him would not ordinarily be within
the range of reasonable foreseeability would be irrelevant.

89 In a similar vein, Mrs Hopkins has observed thus (see C A Hopkins, “A New
Twist to Nervous Shock” [1995] CLJ 491 at 493):

[I]s the distinction between primary and secondary victims, or between
participants and non-participants, an entirely valid one? What of the “near
miss”? Would Mr. Page [in _Page_] have succeeded if he had feared a collision
because of the defendant’s negligent driving but none had actually taken
place? After a fifty-car motorway pile-up, is the driver of the fifty-first
car who skilfully steers his vehicle safely onto the hard shoulder, witnessing
scenes of carnage all around him and shaken in spite of his lucky escape, a
primary or a secondary victim of the motorist who caused the initial crash?
And, if all heads of illness can be lumped together as a type (which Lord
Lloyd regards [in _Page_] as “sensible” because of the continuing expansion of
medical knowledge), is there not a case for combining different types of
property damage because of the continuing expansion of scientific knowledge?
Is the phoenix of _Re Polemis_ [1921] 3 K.B. 560 about to emerge from the
ashes of _The Wagon Mound_ [_ie_ , _Overseas Tankship (UK) Ltd v Morts Dock
Engineering Co Ltd_ [1961] AC 188]? [The latter case overruled the former
inasmuch as the latter laid down the general principle of remoteness of damage
in tortious negligence based on reasonable foreseeability, whereas the former
case had extended liability to everything that was the direct consequence of
the defendant’s initial negligent conduct.]

90 The practical (and related) result of the majority’s approach in _Page_
([23] _supra_) is well-put by two leading commentators in the field, who
observe that “[t]he result is that counsel will still be looking to squeeze
plaintiffs into the primary [victim] category wherever possible” (see Nicholas
J Mullany & Peter R Handford, “Moving the Boundary Stone by Statute – The Law
Commission on Psychiatric Illness” (1999) 22 UNSW Law Journal 350 (“The Law
Commission on Psychiatric Illness”) at 405). Indeed, they also point to actual
inconsistencies which have been generated in the case law itself (_id_ at
404–405; see also United Kingdom, _Liability for Psychiatric Illness_ (Law Com
No 249, 1998) (“ _The English Law Commission Report_ ”) at para 6.12). The
learned authors further point – correctly, in our view – to the fact that
“[t]he [English] Law Commission was quite clearly uncomfortable with the
developments stemming from _Page v Smith_ ” (see “The Law Commission on
Psychiatric Illness” at 403), but nevertheless did not resolve the
difficulties and made inconsistent recommendations instead (see generally _id_
at 403–407; see also (for an overview of the difficulties engendered by _Page_
and the English Law Commission’s recommendations) _The English Law Commission_
_Report_ at paras 2.52–2.60, 5.11–5.16 and 5.45–5.54).

91 The following example by a local author illustrates both the difficulties
referred to earlier (above at [77]–[90]) in terms of distinguishing between
primary and secondary victims, as well as the possible injustice that might
result from the distinction itself (see Teo Cheng Seong, Daniel, “The New
Orthodoxy in the Foresight Saga: A Look at _Page v Smith_ ” (1997) 18 Sing LR
300 at 309–310):

To illustrate the potential for injustice, consider the following example. A
is slowly driving along a road in a long line of traffic and B is walking on
the pavement alongside A’s car. A crash barrier separates the road from the
pavement so that a minor collision will not pose any foreseeable risk of
physical injury to a passing pedestrian. Both A and B witness the car which is
first in line negligently collide with a lorry, causing a pile-up which stops
two cars short of A. Both consequently suffer nervous shock even though, owing
to the relative mildness of the collision, nervous shock to either was not
reasonably foreseeable. A may capitalize on the slight risk of physical injury
to himself and recover for his psychiatric damage under _Page v Smith_ , while
B who is adequately protected from physical danger by the crash barrier fails
in his action. To allow A’s claim and deny recovery to B merely because some
physical injury was foreseeable to the former seems as unfair as it is
arbitrary.

92 However, this is not to state that there are no substantive legal
consequences whatsoever arising from the fact that one plaintiff is, in
effect, a primary victim and another, a secondary victim – even if this
distinction is only recognised as a matter of _fact_ (rather than, as _Page_
([23] _supra_) mandates, as a matter of _law_). As Mullany pertinently pointed
out (see “Psychiatric damage in the House of Lords” ([83] _supra_) at 116):

The only significance of the difference between a person who witnesses or is
informed of an event and a person directly involved in it is that _psychiatric
impact to the direct participant is more likely to be foreseeable than
[psychiatric impact] to the secondary victims_. This does not warrant the
introduction of different duty tests and consequent unnecessary and
undesirable complexity in liability assessment. The traditional foreseeability
test is sound in principle … [emphasis added]

Reference may also be made to “A New Chapter in the Foresight Saga” ([83]
_supra_). Indeed, as Lord Keith pertinently pointed out in _Page_ (at 167):

Where the plaintiff is personally involved in a terrifying incident proof of
proximity presents no problem. Where, however, the plaintiff is what may be
described as a secondary victim proximity may be very difficult to establish.

The following observations by Lord Jauncey in the same case ought also to be
noted (_id_ at 176):

Lord Oliver [in _Alcock_ ([23] _supra_)] was considering proximity as
determinative of the existence of a duty of care _and drawing a distinction
between a victim directly involved in an accident and one who merely witnessed
it._ He certainly was _not_ saying that a victim directly involved in an
accident did not require to prove the foreseeability of the nervous shock from
which he suffered as a result thereof. [emphasis added]

93 Whilst it is true that Lord Hoffmann pointed out, in the recent House of
Lords decision of _Rothwell v Chemical & Insulating Co Ltd_ [2007] 3 WLR 876
(“ _Rothwell_ ”), that _Page_ “does not appear to have caused any practical
difficulties and is not … likely to do so if confined to the kind of situation
which the majority in that case had in mind” (at [32]), that observation
itself cuts both ways, so to speak, inasmuch as given (as we pointed out above
at [86]–[90]) the difficulty of defining who a primary victim is as well as
the possibility of substantive injustice being engendered by classifying a
plaintiff in a particular way (_ie_ , as either a primary victim or a
secondary victim), the fact that _Page_ is (according to Lord Hoffmann in
_Rothwell_) intended to apply in a very limited sphere only raises the
question as to whether or not it is worth the effort to keep the legal
principles laid down therein at all. Significantly, in _Rothwell_ itself, the
court was at pains to distinguish _Page_ on the basis that the foreseeable
event (_viz_ , the development by the claimant of an asbestos-related disease
due to exposure to asbestos in the course of his employment) had not occurred
yet.

94 Since an initial draft of this judgment was prepared, the House of Lords
has handed down another decision where _Page_ , whilst not directly applicable
to the fact situation concerned, was referred to – see _Corr v IBC Vehicles
Ltd_ [2008] 2 WLR 499. Significantly, the criticism of _Page_ was acknowledged
by two law lords in that case (_per_ Lord Scott of Foscote at [29] and _per_
Lord Walker of Gestingthorpe at [40]), although the decision in _Page_ itself
was not directly challenged in that particular appeal. Even more
significantly, Lord Neuberger of Abbotsbury (with whom Lord Mance agreed (at
[46])), referring, _inter alia_ , to Lord Goff’s critique of _Page_ in _White_
([23] _supra_) (which is reproduced above at [67], and which we accepted (see
above at [68])), clearly left the door open to a _reconsideration_ of _Page_
in the foreseeable future in the _English_ context when he commented as
follows (see _Corr v IBC Vehicles Ltd_ at [54]):

The first point concerns the somewhat controversial decision of this House in
_Page v Smith_ [1996] AC 155. As Lord Bingham [of Cornhill] has explained [in
_Corr v IBC Vehicles Ltd_ at [7]], neither party has criticised that decision,
let alone invited the House to review it. At least for my part, I understood
that was the position of the employer because, even if we had been persuaded
that _Page v Smith_ was wrongly decided, that would not have ensured the
success of this appeal. I agree. Accordingly, not least in the light of the
trenchant observations of Lord Goff of Chieveley in _Frost v Chief Constable
of South Yorkshire Police_ [1999] 2 AC 455, 473D–480F, I would not want to
appear to prejudge any decision as to the correctness of the majority view in
_Page v Smith_ , if it comes to be challenged before your Lordships’ House on
another occasion.

95 Although English decisions on the common law (in particular, those
emanating from the House of the Lords) are accorded great respect by our
courts, they ought not to be followed blindly. Given the various difficulties
pertaining to both justification as well as justice and fairness with regard
to _Page_ as set out earlier (above at [66]–[91]), this is one occasion when
we would respectfully hold that the law as laid down by the majority in _Page_
ought not to be followed.

**_The position in Singapore_**

_The position stated_

96 It is now appropriate to draw the various threads of analysis together and
state what the position is in the Singapore context in so far as liability in
negligence for psychiatric harm is concerned.

97 It is clear that, as an extremely important threshold requirement, the
plaintiff must prove that he or she has suffered what has often been termed a
“recognisable psychiatric illness” (see, for example, the English Court of
Appeal decision of _Hinz v Berry_ [1970] 2 QB 40 at 42 _per_ Lord Denning MR).
We should observe, parenthetically, that although it might be argued that this
requirement should be considered, strictly speaking, under the rubric of
“damage” instead, from a practical perspective, it would be more appropriate
that such a requirement (if it is considered by one (or more than one) party
to constitute a live issue) is considered at the outset. Returning to the
requirement proper, it is, in fact, a requirement that is more easily stated
than ascertained (see, for example, generally, the discussion in _The English
Law Commission_ _Report_ ([90] _supra_) at paras 3.1–3.33). Psychiatric
illness must be distinguished from sorrow and grief (no matter how severe),
for the latter are considered as constituting part of the vicissitudes of
life. It should also be noted that proof of a recognisable psychiatric illness
will depend, in the main, upon the relevant expert psychiatric evidence
tendered before the court, which, of course, retains the ultimate supervisory
responsibility of ensuring that such expert evidence is defensible as well as
grounded in logic and common sense (see, for example, the decision of this
court in _JSI Shipping (S) Pte Ltd v Teofoongwonglcloong_ [2007] 4 SLR 460 at
[49]–[53] (citing the House of Lords decision of _Bolitho v City and Hackney
Health Authority_ [1998] AC 232)). Indeed, it seems to us that it may well not
only save time and costs, but also aid the court immensely if _an independent
psychiatrist_ could be agreed upon by the parties or be appointed by the court
in cases of this nature in the future.

98 We also endorse the approach taken in _Pang Koi Fa_ ([24] _supra_) inasmuch
as it adopts the approach in _McLoughlin_ ([23] _supra_) – in particular, we
accept the three factors set out in the latter decision by Lord Wilberforce in
_Part 3_ of his judgment therein (reproduced at [38] above), _albeit with
important modifications_ (see below at [109]). On a related note, we are
further of the view that a “pure” test of reasonable foreseeability alone (as
advocated by Lord Bridge and Lord Scarman in _McLoughlin_ (see above at [35]))
is too wide and, hence, ought not to be adopted in preference to that set out
by Lord Wilberforce in the same case. However, we disagree, with respect, with
the view that Lord Wilberforce’s characterisation of the three factors in
_Part 3_ of his judgment in _McLoughlin_ is to be construed as a qualifying “
_policy_ ” (in the sense of public policy) within the _second_ stage of the
two-stage test in _Anns_ ([20] _supra_). As we explained earlier (above at
[45]–[52]), this is not what we think the learned law lord meant to say. If it
is, we would, with respect, disagree with it as it would be both confusing and
misleading. As explained (at [48] above), we are of the view that these
factors relate, instead, to the concept of _proximity_ within the _first_
stage of the two-stage test laid down in _Spandeck_ ([2] _supra_) (reproduced
above at [21]), which is itself modelled (albeit with modifications) on the
test in _Anns_.

99 Before turning to consider the three factors set out by Lord Wilberforce in
_Part 3_ of his judgment in _McLoughlin_ proper, it would be useful to recount
briefly the nature and function of the concept of _proximity_ as set out in
_Spandeck_. In that case, Chan CJ observed as follows (at [77]–[82]):

77 The _first_ stage of the test to be applied to determine the existence of a
duty of care is that of proximity, _ie_ , that there must be sufficient
_legal_ proximity between the claimant and [the] defendant for a duty of care
to arise. The focus here is necessarily on the closeness of the relationship
between the parties themselves, as alluded to by Bingham LJ in the Court of
Appeal stage of _Caparo Industries Plc v Dickman_ [1989] QB 653, where he said
(at 679) that while “[t]he content of the requirement of proximity, whatever
language is used, is not … capable of precise definition” and “[t]he approach
will vary according to the particular facts of the case, … the focus of the
inquiry is on the _closeness and directness of the relationship between the
parties_ ” [emphasis added]. Indeed, in _Hedley Byrne_ [_& Co Ltd v Heller &
Partners Ltd_ [1964] AC 465] itself, the House of Lords used language which
pointed to the relationship between the parties as being determinative of
duty.

78 Although Lord Keith in _Yuen Kun Yeu_ [_v Attorney-General of Hong Kong_
[1988] AC 175] referred (at 194) to the concept of “close and direct
relations”, he did not clarify what the concept mean[t]. However, in the
Australian High Court decision of _Sutherland_ [_ie_ , _The Council of the
Shire of Sutherland v Heyman_ (1984–1985) 157 CLR 424], Deane J has observed
thus (at 55–56):

The requirement of proximity is directed to _the relationship between the
parties_ in so far as it is relevant to the allegedly negligent act or
omission of the defendant and the loss or injury sustained by the plaintiff.
It involves _the notion of nearness or closeness and embraces physical_
proximity (in the sense of space and time) between the person or property of
the plaintiff and the person or property of the defendant, _circumstantial_
proximity such as an overriding relationship of employer and employee or of a
professional man and his client and what may (_perhaps loosely_) be referred
to as _causal_ proximity in the sense of the closeness or directness of the
causal connection or relationship between the particular act or course of
conduct and the loss or injury sustained. It may reflect _an assumption by one
party of a responsibility_ to take care to avoid or prevent injury, loss or
damage to the person or property of another or _reliance_ by one party upon
such care being taken by the other in circumstances where the other party knew
or ought to have known of that reliance. _Both the identity and the relative
importance of the factors which are determinative of an issue of proximity are
likely to vary in different categories of case._ That does _not mean_ that
there is scope for decision by reference to idiosyncratic notions of justice
or morality or that it is a proper approach to treat the requirement of
proximity as _a question of fact to be resolved merely by reference to the
relationship between the plaintiff and the defendant in the particular
circumstances._ The requirement of a relationship of proximity _serves as a
touchstone and control of the categories of case in which the common law will
adjudge that a duty of care is owed._ Given the general circumstances of a
case in a new or developing area of the law of negligence, the question what
(if any) combination or combinations of factors will satisfy the requirement
of proximity is a _question of law to be resolved by the processes of legal
reasoning, induction and deduction. On the other hand, the identification of
the content of that requirement in such an area should not be either
ostensibly or actually divorced from notions of what is “fair and reasonable”
… or from the considerations of public policy which underlie and enlighten the
existence and content of the requirement._ [emphasis added]

79 We respectfully agree with this analysis which merely unpacks “proximity or
neighbourhood” as a composite idea, importing the whole concept of the
necessary relationship between the claimant and the defendant described by
Lord Atkin in _Donoghue v Stevenson_ [([82] _supra_)] (at 580). However, in
this regard, we also acknowledge that there are numerous judicial
pronouncements on the difficulty (and indeed, redundancy) in defining
“proximity”. Some of these examples have already been cited above and it
suffices only to reproduce Lord Oliver of Aylmerton’s speech in _Alcock v
Chief Constable of South Yorkshire Police_ [1992] 1 AC 310, where he said (at
411):

[I]n the end, it has to be accepted that the concept of “proximity” is an
artificial one which depends more upon the court’s perception of what is the
reasonable area for the imposition of liability than upon any logical process
of analogical deduction.

80 Notwithstanding these judicial views, … these observations are … puzzling …
If indeed the “proximity” concept is merely a label or an artificial exercise
in judicial creativity, then one must ask why the concept is still resorted to
or utilised in the various tests. Its very presence suggests that it has some
substantive content that is capable of being expressed in terms of legal
principles. Rather than denouncing it as a mere “label”, the courts should
strive to infuse some meaning into it, if only so that lawyers who advise
litigants and even law teachers can make some sense of the judicial
formulations.

81 In our view, Deane J’s analysis in _Sutherland_ , that proximity includes
physical, circumstantial as well as causal proximity, does provide substance
to the concept since it includes the twin criteria of voluntary assumption of
responsibility and reliance, where the facts support them, as essential
factors in meeting the test of proximity. Where A voluntarily assumes
responsibility for his acts or omissions towards B, and B relies on it, it is
only fair and just that the law should hold A liable for negligence in causing
economic loss or physical damage to B …

82 We only need to add, further, that in determining proximity as expounded by
Deane J in _Sutherland_ , the court should apply these concepts first by
analogising the facts of the case for decision with those of decided cases, if
such exist, but should not be constrained from limiting liability in a
deserving case only because it involves a novel fact situation.

[emphasis in original]

100 The above observations have been set out in full above not only because
they represent the leading _general_ analysis of the concept of _proximity_ in
the _Singapore_ context, but also because (as will be shown below at
[101]–[103]) they are in fact _consistent with_ the more _specific_ factors
set out by Lord Wilberforce in _Part 3_ of his judgment in _McLoughlin_
(reproduced above at [38]) in the context of liability for _nervous shock_ ,
which factors are somewhat different when compared to, for example, the
factors to be considered in a situation involving liability for pure economic
loss (where the twin criteria of voluntary assumption of responsibility and
reliance would more appropriately apply (although these criteria could also
possibly apply in a situation of psychiatric harm, depending on the precise
facts of the case at hand)). In particular, the three factors set out by Lord
Wilberforce are consistent with the broad categories set out by Deane J in the
Australian High Court decision of _The Council of the Shire of_ _Sutherland v
Heyman_ (1984–1985) 157 CLR 424 (“ _Sutherland_ ”) (see the quotation at [99]
above), which were accepted by this court in _Spandeck_ at [78]–[79] (see,
likewise, above at [99]) (see also the observations by Deane J in the (also)
Australian High Court decision of _Jaensch v Coffey_ (1984) 155 CLR 549 (“
_Jaensch_ ”) at 584–585).

101 The _first_ factor set out by Lord Wilberforce in _Part 3_ of his judgment
in _McLoughlin_ ([23] _supra_), centring on _the class of persons_ whose
claims should be recognised, corresponds to the general category of
_circumstantial_ proximity referred to by Deane J in _Sutherland_ at 497.

102 The _second_ factor mentioned by Lord Wilberforce, relating to _the
proximity of the claimants to the accident_ , corresponds to the general
category of _physical_ proximity referred to by Deane J in _Sutherland_
(_ibid_).

103 The _third_ factor stated by Lord Wilberforce, relating to _the means by
which the shock is caused_ , corresponds to the general category of _causal_
proximity referred to by Deane J in _Sutherland_ (_ibid_).

104 We note, at this juncture, that _Spandeck_ ([2] _supra_) has been the
subject of very recent (and perceptive) critique by Prof Kumaralingam
Amirthalingam (see “Refining the Duty of Care in Singapore” (2008) 124 LQR 42
and “Lord Atkin and the Philosopher’s Stone: The Search for A Universal Test
for Duty” [2007] Sing JLS 350 (“Lord Atkin and the Philosopher’s Stone”)).
Prof Amirthalingam makes many salient points. Foremost amongst them is the
argument that the concept of reasonable foreseeability should be restored as a
_legal_ test for determining the existence of a duty of care for, in his view,
this concept “serves an important normative function” (see “Lord Atkin and the
Philosopher’s Stone” at 353). This would, in effect, reinstate the three-part
test laid down by the House of Lords in _Caparo Industries Plc v Dickman_
[1990] 2 AC 605 (“ _Caparo_ ”), which comprises the following elements: (a)
foreseeability, (b) proximity, and (c) the requirement that the imposition of
any duty of care be “fair, just and reasonable” (_id_ at 618). With respect,
we do not think that the law would be advanced by such a change. Indeed, the
concept of _proximity_ _itself_ represents a _legal (or normative)_ concept of
_reasonable foreseeability_. The _alternative_ concept of reasonable
foreseeability which is advanced by Prof Amirthalingam is, in substance and
effect, a _factual_ one which we view as being _an integral part of the
(legal) test of proximity in the first place._ In other words, if the
threshold issue of _factual_ foreseeability is not even satisfied in the first
instance (an occurrence which, we should think, would, in the nature of
things, be rare, as we noted in _Spandeck_ itself at [75]), _then the court
cannot possibly proceed to ascertain_ whether or not there is the requisite
(legal) proximity between the parties simply because there is _no factual
foundation_ on which (legal) proximity can be founded. This is _not_ to state
that the establishment of a factual foundation will _necessarily_ lead to a
finding of (_legal_) _proximity_. The former is a necessary, but not
sufficient, condition for the establishment of the latter. And, viewing the
entire matter from a holistic as well as practical perspective, it is clear
that there is no difference, _in substance_ , between the approach adopted in
_Spandeck_ and that proposed by Prof Amirthalingam.

105 It should also be noted that although the two-stage test in _Anns_ ([20]
_supra_), which forms the basis of the test laid down by this court in
_Spandeck_ , has not been followed in England, the law in that particular
jurisdiction continues (as this court noted in _Spandeck_ at [46]-[49]) to
remain in a state of flux (see, for example, the House of Lords decision of
_Customs and Excise Commissioners v Barclays Bank plc_ [2007] 1 AC 181).

106 It is also interesting to note that the position in Canada is similar to
that presently applicable in Singapore, where (as mentioned earlier at [98]
above) a somewhat modified version of the two-stage test in _Anns_ has been
adopted. In particular, whilst affirming the two-stage test in _Anns_ , the
Canadian courts have considered both reasonable foreseeability and proximity
under the first stage (see, for example, the Canadian Supreme Court decisions
of _Cooper v Hobart_ (2001) 206 DLR (4th) 193 at [30]–[31]; _Odhavji Estate v
Woodhouse_ (2003) 233 DLR (4th) 193 at [46]-[50]; _Hill v Hamilton-Wentworth
Regional Police Services Board_ (2005) 259 DLR (4th) 676 at [47]; _Childs v
Desormeaux_ (2006) 266 DLR (4th) 257 at [9]-[12]; and _Syl Apps Secure
Treatment Centre v BD_ (2007) 284 DLR (4th) 682 at [23]-[30]). This approach
is not necessarily at variance with that adopted in _Spandeck_ , for (as we
explained above at [104]) the concept of reasonable foreseeability is also an
integral part of the process of ascertaining whether there is sufficient
(legal) proximity between the plaintiff and the defendant, albeit on a
preliminary (and factual) level.

107 The position in Australia appears to be somewhat in a state of flux (see
generally Francis Trindade, Peter Cane & Mark Lunney, _The Law of Torts in
Australia_ (Oxford University Press, 4th Ed, 2007) at ch 9).

108 It is important, however, to emphasise that every application of the
concept of proximity is heavily dependent on the precise factual matrix
concerned. In other words, there is no mechanical formula that is to be
applied by the court _vis-à-vis_ these factors. In a similar vein, no one
factor is more important than the other; nor is there any one unique way in
which a particular factor is to be applied.

109 We now turn to consider a separate – albeit no less important – point (or,
in fact, major requirement) which arises from the very nature of _psychiatric
harm_ itself, namely, the potentially limitless reach of liability in
negligence for this particular type of injury (see also [71] and [74] above).
Given this factor, we are of the view that after applying the test for
proximity, which incorporates the three factors set out by Lord Wilberforce in
_Part 3_ of his judgment in _McLoughlin_ ([23] _supra_), the _second_ stage of
the two-stage test laid down by this court in _Spandeck_ should likewise be
applied in the context of claims for psychiatric harm (_cf_ also the reference
by Deane J to the concept of “some other overriding limitation” or “other
overriding control” in _Jaensch_ ([100] _supra_) at 592, and 600 as well as
603, respectively; see also the reference to the question of whether “the
court considers it fair, just and reasonable that the law should impose a
duty” _per_ Lord Bridge in _Caparo_ ([104] _supra_) at 618). _In other words,
the test under Singapore law for determining the existence of a duty of care
in the context of claims in negligence for psychiatric harm is the same two-
stage test that was laid down by this court in_ Spandeck _([2] supra). The
first stage of this test encompasses the three factors set out by Lord
Wilberforce in_ Part 3 _of his judgment in_ McLoughlin _(as set out at [38]
above), while the second stage comprises public policy considerations. Before
the two-stage test applies, however, the presence of a recognisable
psychiatric illness and factual foreseeability must, of course, first be
established. This two-stage test is also (as emphasised in_ Spandeck _at
[73])_ _(reproduced above at [21]) to be applied incrementally_. To this
extent, therefore, the test which we have just laid down with regard to
liability in negligence for psychiatric harm in the Singapore context is a
_modified_ version of the test enunciated by Lord Wilberforce in _Part 3_ of
his judgment in _McLoughlin_ inasmuch as the learned law lord did _not_ refer
to those _policy considerations_ which (as we have just mentioned) comprise
the _second_ stage of the two-stage test we have proposed.

110 _However_ , we would (for the reasons elaborated upon in detail above at
[66]–[91] and [95]) respectfully disagree with the distinction drawn in _Page_
([23] _supra_) between primary and secondary victims. The result is that in
order for a plaintiff to establish a duty of care on the part of the defendant
in the context of psychiatric harm, the plaintiff will have to establish
factual foreseeability as well as proximity in the context of _psychiatric
harm_ in accordance with the criteria stated at [99]–[103] above (which
include the factors set out in _Part 3_ of Lord Wilberforce’s judgment in
_McLoughlin_ as part of the first stage of the two-stage test).

_Possible reform of the three factors set out by Lord Wilberforce in_
McLoughlin _?_

111 Returning to the three factors set out by Lord Wilberforce in _Part 3_ of
his judgment in _McLoughlin_ ([23] _supra_) (which form part of the _first_
stage of the two-stage test to be applied for determining liability in cases
of psychiatric harm), we are cognisant of the fact that the English Law
Commission has recommended that _only the first_ factor (centring on the class
of persons whose claims should be recognised) be retained (see item 3 of the
“Executive Summary” of _The English Law Commission Report_ ([90] _supra_)). In
a similar vein, there have been suggestions by academic commentators to the
effect that “[p]erhaps one solution is a shift in emphasis to relational
proximity [_viz_ , the first factor], with resort to physical and perceptional
proximity [_viz_ , the second and third factors, respectively] only if the
relationship is not a close one” (see Lee Eng Beng, “Vindication of the Three
Proximities” [1992] Sing JLS 528 at 539; see also F A Trindade, “The
Principles Governing the Recovery of Damages for Negligently Caused Nervous
Shock” [1986] CLJ 476 at 494–495, which is cited in the former article).
However, such a suggestion might well become (in substance and effect) a back-
door means of introducing (whether intended or otherwise) reform to this area
of the tort of negligence, which (as we point out below at [116]–[120]) is a
task not for the courts as such, but (rather) for the _Legislature_. Further,
as Lee correctly admits (“Vindication of the Three Proximities” at 540):

However, once this position [of shifting the emphasis to relational proximity,
with physical and perceptional proximity coming into play only if the
requisite relational proximity is missing] is achieved, should not the law
logically also include claims for psychiatric illnesses caused by having to
care for an invalid husband, or by having to cope with having lost a child?
_Again one faces the prospects of limitless liability. Ultimately, it has to
be conceded that such a solution involves the mere substitution of one
arbitrary line with another._ [emphasis added]

It is significant that _The English Law Commission_ _Report_ recommended that
the above change (or reform) in the law be effected via _legislation_ (see, in
this regard, the draft Negligence (Psychiatric Illness) Bill at Appendix A of
_The English Law Commission_ _Report_). This signifies – by implication, if
not expressly – that such a reform would _entail policy issues that are best
decided by the Legislature_. We note that such a change in the law has in fact
been effected in Australia via case law instead (see the Australian High Court
decision of _Tame v New South Wales_ (2002) 211 CLR 317 (“ _Tame_ ”)
(reference may also be made to the prescient observations of Deane J in the
earlier decision of the same court in _Jaensch_ ([100] _supra_ at 608–609), as
well as the perceptive comments on a leading South African decision (_viz_ ,
_Barnard v Santam Bpk_ 1999 (1) SA 202): see Jonathan Burchell, “An
Encouraging Prognosis for Claims for Damages for Negligently Inflicted
Psychological Harm” (1999) 116 S African LJ 697 (“Damages for Negligently
Inflicted Psychological Harm”) and Nicholas J Mullany, “Personal Perception of
Trauma and Sudden Shock – South Africa Simplifies Matters” (2000) 116 LQR 29
(“Personal Perception of Trauma and Sudden Shock”)). However, it is also
pertinent to note that well before _Tame_ was decided, the Australian state of
New South Wales had already promulgated _legislation_ which allowed recovery
by close relations (as defined therein) for “mental or nervous shock” under
certain circumstances (see s 4(1) of the Law Reform (Miscellaneous Provisions)
Act 1944 (NSW) (“the 1944 NSW Act”)). Section 4 of the 1944 NSW Act read as
follows:

**4\. Extension of liability in certain cases**

(1) The liability of any person in respect of injury caused after the
commencement of this Act by an act, neglect or default by which any other
person is killed, injured or put in peril, shall extend to include liability
for injury arising wholly or in part from mental or nervous shock sustained by
—

(a) a parent or the husband or wife of the person so killed, injured or put in
peril; or

(b) any other member of the family of the person so killed, injured or put in
peril where such person was killed, injured or put in peril within the sight
or hearing of such member of the family.

(2) Where an action is brought by a member of the family of any person so
killed, injured or put in peril in respect of liability for injury arising
wholly or in part from mental or nervous shock sustained by the plaintiff as
aforesaid and claims have been made against or are apprehended by the
defendant at the suit of other members of the family or such person in respect
of liability arising by operation of subsection one of this section out of the
same act, neglect or default the defendant may apply to the court and the
court may thereupon stay any proceedings pending at the suit of any such other
member of the family arising out of the same act, neglect or default and may
proceed in such manner and subject to such regulations as to making members of
the family of such person parties to the action as to who is to have the
carriage of the action and as to the exclusion of any member of the family who
does not come in within a certain time as the court thinks just. The
jurisdiction conferred by this subsection may be exercised by any judge of the
court sitting in its Common Law Jurisdiction.

(3) Where any application under subsection two of this section is made the
action shall be for the benefit of such members of the family of the person so
killed, injured or put in peril as are joined by the court as plaintiffs
pursuant to such application and the jury may give such damages as they may
think proportion[ate] to the injury resulting to the persons joined as
plaintiffs respectively, and the amount so recovered after deducting the costs
not recovered from the defendant shall be divided amongst the persons joined
as plaintiffs in such shares as the jury by their verdict find and direct.

(4) Any action in respect of a liability arising by operation of subsection
one of this section shall be brought in the Supreme Court.

(5) In this section —

“Member of the family” means the husband, wife, parent, child, brother,
sister, half-brother and half-sister of the person in relation to which the
expression is used.

“Parent” includes father, mother, grandfather, grandmother, stepfather,
stepmother and any person standing in loco parentis to another.

“Child” includes son, daughter, grandson, granddaughter, stepson, stepdaughter
and any person to whom another stands in loco parentis.

112 The rationale for s 4 of the 1944 NSW Act was recounted by McHugh J in the
Australian High Court decision of _Gifford v Strang Patrick Stevedoring Pty
Ltd_ (2003) 77 ALJR 1205 (“ _Gifford_ ”), as follows (at [34]–[35]):

Section 4 was a statutory response to the decision of this Court in _Chester v
Waverley Corporation_ [(1939) 62 CLR 1] and the decision of the House of Lords
in _Bourhill v Young_ [[1943] AC 92]. In _Chester_ , this Court held that no
action for nervous shock could be brought by a mother who had suffered shock
after seeing the dead body of her missing son in a trench under the control of
the council. In _Bourhill_ , the House of Lords denied a right of action to a
woman who suffered nervous shock after hearing a motor cyclist collide with a
motor vehicle. At the time she was unloading a basket from a platform on the
other side of a nearby stationary tram. In the Second Reading Speech on the
Law Reform (Miscellaneous Provisions) Bill in the Legislative Council, the
Minister for Justice said that s 4 was “a statutory extension of liability to
meet the position created by the decision in _[Bourhill] v Young_ ... It
creates no new substantive right of action” [citing New South Wales
(Australia), Legislative Council, _Parliamentary Debates_ (8 November 1944) at
830].

When s 4 was enacted, it was seen as a beneficial provision that expanded the
ability of close family members to recover for nervous shock. It was a
legislative response to the perceived inadequacies in the common law, as then
understood, to provide compensation to family members for nervous shock
suffered as the result of injury to their relatives [citing _Jaensch_ ([100]
_supra_) at 601–602 _per_ Deane J]. It removed the need for a family member to
show the existence of a duty to the family member or that psychiatric injury
to that person was reasonably foreseeable. The Minister said that the [B]ill
would “provide a considerable advance on the present law” [citing New South
Wales (Australia), Legislative Council, _Parliamentary Debates_ (5 December
1944) at 1491]. Nothing in s 4 or its history supports Strang’s [the
defendant’s] submission that the section was intended to operate to the
exclusion of the common law and cover the field in relation to claims for
nervous shock by family members.

113 Section 4 of the 1944 NSW Act has since been repealed and the relevant
statutory regime is now to be found in Pt 3 of the Civil Liability Act 2002
(NSW) (“the 2002 NSW Act”), which comprises a number of sections that read as
follows:

**27 Definitions**

In this Part:

“consequential mental harm” means mental harm that is a consequence of a
personal injury of any other kind.

“mental harm” means impairment of a person’s mental condition.

“negligence” means failure to exercise reasonable care and skill.

“personal injury” includes:

(a) pre-natal injury, and

(b) impairment of a person’s physical or mental condition, and

(c) disease.

“pure mental harm” means mental harm other than consequential mental harm.

**28 Application of Part**

(1) This Part (except section 29) applies to any claim for damages for mental
harm resulting from negligence, regardless of whether the claim is brought in
tort, in contract, under statute or otherwise.

(2) Section 29 applies to a claim for damages in any civil proceedings.

(3) This Part does not apply to civil liability that is excluded from the
operation of this Part by section 3B [relating to civil liability excluded
from the provisions of this particular Act].

**29 Personal injury arising from mental or nervous shock**

In any action for personal injury, the plaintiff is not prevented from
recovering damages merely because the personal injury arose wholly or in part
from mental or nervous shock.

**30 Limitation on recovery for pure mental harm arising from shock**

(1) This section applies to the liability of a person (“the defendant”) for
pure mental harm to a person (“the plaintiff”) arising wholly or partly from
mental or nervous shock in connection with another person (“the victim”) being
killed, injured or put in peril by the act or omission of the defendant.

(2) The plaintiff is not entitled to recover damages for pure mental harm
unless:

(a) the plaintiff witnessed, at the scene, the victim being killed, injured or
put in peril, or

(b) the plaintiff is a close member of the family of the victim.

(3) Any damages to be awarded to the plaintiff for pure mental harm are to be
reduced in the same proportion as any reduction in the damages that may be
recovered from the defendant by or through the victim on the basis of the
contributory negligence of the victim.

(4) No damages are to be awarded to the plaintiff for pure mental harm if the
recovery of damages from the defendant by or through the victim in respect of
the act or omission would be prevented by any provision of this Act or any
other written or unwritten law.

(5) In this section:

“close member of the family” of a victim means:

(a) a parent of the victim or other person with parental responsibility for
the victim, or

(b) the spouse or partner of the victim, or

(c) a child or stepchild of the victim or any other person for whom the victim
has parental responsibility, or

(d) a brother, sister, half-brother or half-sister, or stepbrother or
stepsister of the victim.

“spouse or partner” means:

(a) a husband or wife, or

(b) the other party to a de facto relationship within the meaning of the
Property (Relationships) Act 1984 [NSW],

but where more than one person would so qualify as a spouse or partner, means
only the last person to so qualify.

**31 Pure mental harm – liability only for recognised psychiatric illness**

There is no liability to pay damages for pure mental harm resulting from
negligence unless the harm consists of a recognised psychiatric illness.

**32 Mental harm – duty of care**

(1) A person (“the defendant”) does not owe a duty of care to another person
(“the plaintiff”) to take care not to cause the plaintiff mental harm unless
the defendant ought to have foreseen that a person of normal fortitude might,
in the circumstances of the case, suffer a recognised psychiatric illness if
reasonable care were not taken.

(2) For the purposes of the application of this section in respect of pure
mental harm, the circumstances of the case include the following:

(a) whether or not the mental harm was suffered as the result of a sudden
shock,

(b) whether the plaintiff witnessed, at the scene, a person being killed,
injured or put in peril,

(c) the nature of the relationship between the plaintiff and any person
killed, injured or put in peril,

(d) whether or not there was a pre-existing relationship between the plaintiff
and the defendant.

(3) For the purposes of the application of this section in respect of
consequential mental harm, the circumstances of the case include the personal
injury suffered by the plaintiff.

(4) This section does not require the court to disregard what the defendant
knew or ought to have known about the fortitude of the plaintiff.

**33 Liability for economic loss for consequential mental harm**

A court cannot make an award of damages for economic loss for consequential
mental harm resulting from negligence unless the harm consists of a recognised
psychiatric illness.

114 A statutory equivalent of s 4 of the 1944 NSW Act is still to be found in
the Northern Territory (see s 25 of the Law Reform (Miscellaneous Provisions)
Act 1956 (NT)). In contrast, the Australian Capital Territory has replaced
what used to be its statutory equivalent of s 4 of the 1944 NSW Act (_ie_ , s
24 of the Law Reform (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act 1955 (ACT)) with
legislation along the lines of Pt 3 of the 2002 NSW Act (see the provisions in
Pt 3.2 of the Civil Law (Wrongs) Act 2002 (ACT)).

115 On a general level, it would appear that such statutory provisions
(whether present or past) are in addition to, and not in derogation of, the
common law (see _Gifford_ ([112] _supra_) at [35]) (reproduced above at
[112]).

116 Returning to the _Singapore_ context, whilst we accept that there are
cogent arguments for doing away with the second and third of the three factors
set out by Lord Wilberforce in _Part 3_ of his judgment in _McLoughlin_ ([23]
_supra_) (reproduced above at [38]), we are of the view that such a step
ought, if at all, to be effected via _legislative reform_. The danger of a
floodgate of litigation ensuing in the event that these factors are dispensed
with is a very real one. The English Law Commission itself acknowledged that
this would be the case, and estimated that there would be somewhere in the
region of a 10% increase in the number of personal injury claims; it also
observed that higher insurance premiums (in the range of 2% to 5%) would
result (see _The English Law Commission_ _Report_ ([90] _supra_) at paras
1.12–1.13).

117 Prof Tan agreed with this assessment (see _Discussion Paper_ ([74]
_supra_) at p 10), as follows (see also, by the same author, “Liability for
Psychiatric Illness” ([39] _supra_) at 176–177):

_For every accident there will be two sets of plaintiffs: those physically
injured (the immediate victims) and those close to the immediate victims in
love and affection who suffer psychiatric illness as a result of this whether
at or away from the accident (the related secondary victims). Psychiatric
illness claims will automatically accompany the claims of those injured or
killed if their loved ones can prove by expert psychiatric evidence that they
actually suffered recognisable psychiatric illness as a result of the
accident. Presently, with the existing common law restriction, such claims for
psychiatric illness are exceptional. With the proposed legislative change
[recommended by the English Law Commission] these psychiatric [illness] claims
will become a regular additional feature in the relevant accident cases._ The
[English Law] Commission guesstimates that extending the liability for
psychiatric illness … will result in about a ten per cent increase in the
number of personal injury claims and an increase of between two to five per
cent in motor insurance premiums ([_The English Law Commission Report_], paras
1.12 and 1.13). _The escalation of liability may be much more than what is
estimated by the [English Law] Commission as the real increase in the number
of such claims, after widespread public awareness of this liability and a
greater claim consciousness of it, is difficult to quantify accurately at this
stage._ [emphasis added]

118 As we noted earlier (above at [111]), the Australian High Court has (in
_Tame_ ([111] _supra_)) effected reform in this aspect of the tort of
negligence through the _common law_. However, it is interesting to note that
Prof Trindade arrived at precisely the _same_ conclusion, _viz_ , that such
reform (albeit made by way of case law as opposed to by way of legislation)
would generate a similar danger of opening the floodgates to negligence
litigation (see F A Trindade, “Reformulation of the Nervous Shock Rules”
(2003) 119 LQR 204 at 209–210).

119 On a more _general_ level, it is interesting that Prof Tan was also of the
view that legislative reform in the _Singapore_ context was _not_ necessary.
In his view (see _Discussion Paper_ at p 11):

Legislative reform of the law, at this stage of its development, when the
medical and legal knowledge is not sufficiently mature, may interrupt the
proper development of the law on an incremental case-by-case basis and may
give rise to legislative recovery in certain areas of psychiatric illness that
could, on implementation, prove to be more generous than envisaged. The latter
could be a more serious problem for Singapore given that … accident victims
are already preferred as a class and are in many ways better catered for
compared to … others who suffer similar hardship from non-accident
circumstances as a consequence of socio-economic insecurity or natural
misfortunes. This is not to say that the common law liability for psychiatric
illness, at this juncture, is satisfactory. Indeed, parts of the development
are clearly controversial, but they are not so problematic or unsatisfactory
as to require urgent legislative change.

120 Prof Tan’s _Discussion Paper_ was accepted by the then Law Reform
Committee of the Singapore Academy of Law. Some years have passed since it was
considered, but the general arguments still appear to hold good even today.
What is important for present purposes, however, is that whether or not reform
of this area of the tort of negligence is to be effected is one that is best
left to the _Legislature_. Indeed, many of the imponderables referred to above
lie wholly outside the expertise of the court and relate to policy matters
which require the _Legislature’s_ consideration (see also above at [116]). One
might add that another issue _not_ hitherto considered in the present judgment
that might require legislative attention is the common law requirement
prescribing the need for sudden shock as one of the prerequisites to recovery
(this requirement has already been departed from in the Australian context as
a result of the Australian High Court’s decision in _Tame_ and, presumably,
also in the South African context (see “Damages for Negligently Inflicted
Psychological Harm” ([111] _supra_) and “Personal Perception of Trauma and
Sudden Shock” ([111] _supra_)); its abolition was also advocated by the
English Law Commission (see _The English Law Commission Report_ ([90]
_supra_)).

**_Summary of the applicable law relating to claims in negligence for
psychiatric harm in Singapore_**

121**** It will be seen – primarily from our analysis of _McLoughlin_ ([23]
_supra_) as well as the position in the Singapore context above (see,
especially, above at [57]) – that the present legal position on liability in
negligence for psychiatric harm in the local context (assuming, of course,
that there is the existence of a recognisable psychiatric illness to begin
with) is _wholly consistent with_ the two-stage approach adopted by this court
in _Spandeck_ ([2] _supra_). This is especially the case once it is accepted
(as we pointed out above at [100]–[103]) that the three factors propounded by
Lord Wilberforce in _Part 3_ of his judgment in _McLoughlin_ (reproduced above
at [38]) fall within the _first_ stage of this two-stage approach (and are,
hence, an integral part of the inquiry as to whether there is sufficient
(legal) _proximity_ between the plaintiff and the defendant). We would
reiterate that these three factors lend themselves to general application,
regardless of whether the claimant was in the position of, say, Mr Page (the
plaintiff motorist) in _Page_ ([23] _supra_) or Mrs McLoughlin (the plaintiff
mother) in _McLoughlin_. Within this framework, the primary victim/secondary
victim dichotomy established in _Page_ is no longer relevant for the reasons
set out earlier (above at [66]–[91]).

122 The _second_ stage of the two-stage approach laid down in _Spandeck_
involves considering whether, in the specific context and factual matrix of a
given case, there are public policy factors that would entail the courts not
imposing a duty of care even if there is otherwise sufficient proximity
between the plaintiff and the defendant pursuant to the analysis carried out
under the first stage. If, there are no applicable policy factors to negate
the existence of a duty of care, then the courts will find a duty of care
established on the part of the defendant, the breach of which would result in
liability and the awarding of damages (subject, of course, to the established
constraints on recovery of damages, including the doctrines of remoteness of
damage, mitigation of damage as well as contributory negligence).

123 With this decision, therefore, this court has moved towards the ideal
envisioned in _Spandeck_ (at [71]) of having “a _single_ test … to determine
the imposition of a duty of care in all claims arising out of negligence,
_irrespective_ of the _type_ of the damages claimed” [emphasis in original].
It is true that the three factors set out by Lord Wilberforce in _Part 3_ of
his judgment in _McLoughlin_ relating to the ascertainment of whether there is
sufficient proximity between the parties appear to differ somewhat from, for
example, the factors highlighted in _Spandeck_ , where the focus was on the
twin criteria of the voluntary assumption of responsibility and reliance (_id_
at [81], reproduced above at [99]). However, this difference is more apparent
than real. As we pointed out earlier (above at [100]–[103]), the _general
rationale underlying as well as the categories relating to the concept of
proximity_ are _common._ More importantly, we also pointed out (above at
[108]) that in determining whether the requisite proximity is present in a
particular case, much will turn on the precise factual matrix concerned. In
the particular context of psychiatric illness or nervous shock, it is not
surprising that Lord Wilberforce framed the three factors in the way which he
did. Even then, the _application_ of these factors to the facts of the case
concerned will, as just mentioned, be all-important. Looked at in this light,
it would be very rare to find a case which could be said to constitute a
precedent that is directly on point and, hence, conclusive. This is not, of
course, to state that prior precedents (especially those that emanate from
Singapore) are never helpful; on the contrary, many precedents may (and often
do) assist in elucidating the applicable law and may even assist the courts in
deciding on certain specific issues (where the comparative factual matrices,
at least for those particular issues, are factually and/or legally the same).

**Our decision with regard to the second appellant’s case on appeal**

124 Having covered the law applicable to the second appellant’s claim against
the respondent, we now turn to consider the merits of the second appellant’s
arguments before this court (on the assumption that she suffered a
recognisable psychiatric illness). The second appellant essentially blamed the
respondent’s deceitful conduct for her plight. This conduct included, _inter
alia_ , the fact that the respondent had informed the second appellant that
the physical condition of the first appellant was not serious when it was (in
reality) quite the opposite, as well as the fact that the respondent had
failed or neglected to tell the second appellant that the Taxi had collided
into the rear of the Motorcycle.

**_The second appellant’s allegations against the respondent_**

125 With respect to the allegation that the respondent had lied to the second
appellant about the physical condition of the first appellant, the Judge made
the following findings (see the GD at [62]–[63]):

62 As the second plaintiff [_ie_ , the second appellant] rightly conceded
under cross-examination, if the second defendant [_ie_ , the respondent]
proved that he did not lie to her, her claim would and must fail.

63 On her first allegation, the second plaintiff had conceded during cross-
examination as well as on questioning by the court … that the second defendant
[had] not lie[d] to her. It was the first plaintiff’s [_ie_ , the first
appellant’s] own evidence that he was wearing a helmet and a raincoat at the
material time, that apart from his spinal injuries, he suffered no visible
injuries other than bruises to his face and hands. Therefore, when the second
defendant saw the first plaintiff lying on the road, the former could only see
the latter’s superficial injuries. Hence, the second defendant described to
the second [plaintiff] what he actually saw. The second defendant would not
know at that point of time, that the first plaintiff’s other injuries were so
serious as to render him a tetraplegic.

126 It was the second appellant’s submission that the fact that the first
appellant was immobile meant that the respondent should have known that
something was seriously wrong with the first appellant, even if the respondent
did not have prior knowledge of the injuries incurred. The Judge rejected this
argument for the reasons set out at [63] of the GD (see the passage reproduced
in the preceding paragraph). We agreed with the Judge and found no merit in
this submission.

127 We also rejected the allegation that the respondent had failed or
neglected to tell the second appellant that the Taxi had collided into the
rear of the Motorcycle, as this was precisely one of the major issues that had
to be decided by the court; in respect of this particular question, we had
earlier found (for the reasons set out above at [14]–[18]) that the Motorcycle
had self-skidded and that there had therefore been no collision between the
two vehicles, contrary to what the appellants alleged.

128 What remained was the respondent’s alleged failure to be more candid with
the second appellant _vis-à-vis_ his involvement in the Accident. In so far as
this was concerned, the Judge observed as follows (see the GD at [85]):

I would stress that I do not for a moment condone the second defendant’s
actions subsequent to the [A]ccident. His conduct was reprehensible; he should
have been more candid in his telephone conversations and subsequent personal
contacts with the second plaintiff. He should have disclosed to her that the
[T]axi was involved in the [A]ccident, even if it meant facing the wrath of
the [plaintiffs’] family, as the plaintiffs and their sons would undoubtedly
blame him for the first plaintiff’s plight. I believe the second defendant
genuinely feared (however unfounded) that he would be charged by the Traffic
Police over the accident. His anxiety to find out from the second plaintiff
whether the first plaintiff had implicated him in anyway in my view far
outweighed his expressed concern for the wellbeing of the first plaintiff.

129 The Judge’s remarks were, with respect, misdirected. At that point in
time, given the circumstances of the Accident, it would not be surprising that
the respondent, as a layperson, would have been fearful of being somehow
implicated in the Accident. Given the circumstances, he could not be seriously
faulted for trying to find out whether he had been implicated by the first
appellant. He might have taken advantage of the emotional state of the second
appellant for his own benefit, but the question which the court has to ask
itself is: However morally reprehensible his conduct might have been, was the
respondent guilty of conduct that was tortious in law?

130 The only possible conduct in respect of which the respondent could
arguably be said to owe a duty of care to the second appellant would be his
communication of matters relating to the Accident to the second appellant. For
the sake of completeness, and giving due consideration to the seriousness of
the appellants’ plight, we decided to consider whether such a duty did of care
did indeed exist on the facts of this case, applying the test laid down in
_Spandeck_ ([2] _supra_).

**_Foreseeability of damage_**

131 As stated earlier (above at [21] and [104]), reasonable foreseeability –
in the factual sense – of the damage or injury suffered is a preliminary
threshold requirement which a plaintiff in a negligence action must satisfy.
This requirement is almost always satisfied. As was stated in the Singapore
High Court decision of _Sunny Metal & Engineering Pte Ltd v Ng Khim Ming Eric_
[2007] 1 SLR 853 (at [55]):

[T]he requirement of reasonable foreseeability from a _factual_ perspective
will _almost always be satisfied_ , simply because of its very nature and the
very wide nature of the “net” it necessarily casts. There is therefore _no
practical need_ to include such a _factual_ element within a _legal_
formulation such as exists with regard to the existence (or otherwise) of _a
duty of care_. … This is not to state that this last-mentioned (_factual_)
element is to be discarded. As I have already mentioned, it will _almost
always_ be satisfied. [emphasis in original]

132 However, even allowing for the naturally wide ambit of (factual)
foreseeability, it was our view that this requirement was not satisfied in the
present case in relation to the second appellant. To hold that it is
reasonably foreseeable that the mere communication of the information in
question without more could result in harm to a party boggles the imagination
and stretches the realms of reality. We did (with great hesitation)
acknowledge, however, that certain situations where information was
communicated might, perhaps, result in the foreseeability of harm. But, this
was not such a case. Nevertheless, on the assumption that the second appellant
could establish the requisite factual foreseeability, we proceeded to consider
the three factors set out in _Part 3_ of Lord Wilberforce’s judgment in
_McLoughlin_ ([23] _supra_) (see the passage reproduced at [38] above) in
relation to the issue of (legal) proximity, which constitutes the first stage
of the two-stage approach adopted in _Spandeck_.

**_Proximity_**

_The class of persons whose claims should be recognised_

133 The presence of a spousal relationship between the first appellant and the
second appellant was a factor in favour of finding that the respondent did owe
the second appellant a duty of care on the facts of the present appeal. As
Lord Wilberforce stated in _McLoughlin_ (at 422):

As regards the class of persons [whose claims should be recognised], the
possible range is between the closest of family ties – of parent and child, or
husband and wife – and the ordinary bystander. Existing law recognises the
claims of the first …

It is therefore clear, on the facts of the present appeal, that the requisite
relational proximity existed.

_Proximity to the tortious event_

134 In general, claims in negligence for damages for psychiatric harm usually
arise in accident situations (_ie_ , an accident is said to be the tortious
event which caused the claimant to suffer psychiatric harm). In the present
appeal, however, the alleged tortious event was the communication of
information from the respondent to the second appellant, and not the Accident
itself. If it were the latter, it was clear that the second appellant was not
physically proximate to the alleged tortious event.

_The means by which psychiatric harm is caused_

135 The traditional view in relation to causal proximity (_ie_ , the means by
which psychiatric harm is caused) was stated by Lord Wilberforce in
_McLoughlin_ , as follows (at 422–423):

[T]here is no case in which the law has compensated shock brought about by
communication by a third party … The shock must come through sight or hearing
of the event or of its immediate aftermath.

This traditional focus of the common law on direct physical perception is also
reflected in the following statement of Windeyer J in the Australian High
Court decision of _Mount Isa Mines Limited v Pusey_ (1970) 125 CLR 383 (at
407):

If the sole cause of shock be what is told or read of some happening then I
think it is correctly said that, unless there be an intention to cause a
nervous shock, no action lies against either the bearer of bad tidings or the
person who caused the event of which [he] tell[s]. There is no duty in law to
break bad news gently or to do nothing which creates bad news.

136 With this as a starting point, we turn to consider cases where the courts
have departed from the traditional view _vis-à-vis_ situations where the
communication of information led to psychiatric harm.

137 The position of the second appellant was analogous to that of the
plaintiff in cases such as the English High Court decisions of _Farrell v Avon
Heath Authority_ [2001] 1 Lloyd’s Rep Med 458 (“ _Farrell_ ”) and _Wilkinson v
Downton_ [1897] 2 QB 57 (“ _Wilkinson_ ”), which she relied on. In _Farrell_ ,
the plaintiff, who had fathered a son out of wedlock, was told to go to the
hospital to see his newborn child. He was very excited at the prospect of
fatherhood, but, upon arrival, was told that his son had died. He was asked
whether he would like to see the dead baby. He replied in the affirmative and
proceeded to kiss and cuddle the dead baby. A few minutes later, the nurses
informed him that there had been a mistake and that his baby was alive. The
plaintiff developed post-traumatic stress disorder as a result of this ordeal
and sued for damages. Bursell J held that the claimant could recover damages
for the psychiatric harm suffered.

138 In _Wilkinson_ , the defendant falsely and maliciously represented to the
plaintiff that her husband had been seriously injured. The plaintiff developed
psychiatric harm and sued for damages for the injury to her health. Wright J
held that the plaintiff should succeed in her claim. In our view, _Wilkinson_
is authority for the principle that wilfully communicating false information
is actionable if it causes physical, including psychiatric, harm. In the
present case, however, there was no intention to cause harm, much less the
type of harm that the second appellant complained of.

139 In so far as the decision in _Farrell_ is concerned, it extended –
erroneously, in our view – the boundaries of recovery for psychiatric harm and
therefore ought not to be followed. As Gummow and Kirby JJ stated in the
Australian High Court decision of _Tame_ ([111] _supra_ at 395):

[I]n the absence of a malign intention, no action lies against the bearer of
bad news for psychiatric harm caused by the manner in which the news is
conveyed or, if the news be true, for psychiatric harm caused by the fact of
its conveyance. The discharge of the responsibility to impart bad news fully
and frankly would be inhibited by the imposition in those circumstances of a
duty of care to avoid causing distress to the recipient of the news. There can
be no legal duty to break bad news gently. This is so even if degrees of tact
and diplomacy were capable of objective identification and assessment, which
manifestly they are not. Neither carelessness nor insensitivity in
presentation will found an action in negligence against the messenger.

140 The court should be slow to allow recovery for psychiatric harm arising
from the communication of information in cases where no “malign intention”
(_Tame_ at 395) on the part of the person communicating the information is
present. This is clearly indicated by _Wilkinson_ ([137] _supra_) (see above
at [138]), as well as the English Court of Appeal decision of _Janvier v
Sweeney_ [1919] 2 KB 316, which relates, in fact, to a special species of
_intentional_ torts, where the defendant wilfully does an act calculated to
cause physical harm to the plaintiff (see also the Singapore High Court
decision of _Malcomson Nicholas Hugh Bertram v Naresh Kumar Mehta_ [2001] 4
SLR 454 at [46]-[48]). In those circumstances, that more harm than was
anticipated resulted is immaterial. As we have already pointed out earlier
(above at [138]), however, the present appeal did _not_ involve an intentional
tort in that the respondent had no intention to cause the second appellant
harm.

141 We would also note that case law indicates that a possible remedy for
psychiatric harm resulting from the communication of information could exist
in situations where there is a professional relationship between the parties.
For example, in the Supreme Court of South Australia decision of _Brown v The
Mount Barker Soldiers’ Hospital Incorporated_ [1934] SASR 128, the defendant
hospital negligently burnt a newborn baby out of sight of the mother, who
suffered shock when told of her child’s injury. The mother, who was a patient
of the hospital at the material time, sued the hospital for the psychiatric
illness suffered. Piper J held that the hospital owed the mother a duty of
care. In a similar vein, in _Furniss v Fitchett_ [1958] NZLR 396, the Supreme
Court of New Zealand allowed a plaintiff to succeed in an action against her
doctor for nervous shock caused by his negligent disclosure to her husband of
his opinion as to her mental stability.

142 No such professional relationship existed between the second appellant and
the respondent in the present appeal. More generally and importantly, it is
clear, in our view, that the second appellant did not satisfy the requirement
of legal proximity which constitutes the first stage of the two-stage approach
adopted in _Spandeck_ (which approach, as we held earlier, likewise applies to
cases of psychiatric harm).

**_Public policy_**

143 Having regard to our conclusion (as just stated in the preceding
paragraph) in relation to the issue of legal proximity on the facts of the
present appeal, it was, strictly speaking, unnecessary for this court to
proceed to consider the second stage of the two-stage test laid down in
_Spandeck_ ([2] _supra_), which centres on public policy. However, as we shall
elaborate upon in a moment, a consideration of the latter serves to underscore
the conclusion that was reached at the first stage of this two-stage test.
More specifically, it will be seen that considerations of public policy
militate against the finding of a duty of care where communication of
information is concerned, even assuming that legal proximity can be
established at the first stage of the two-stage approach adopted in _Spandeck_
, except in situations where a “malign intention” (_Tame_ ([111] _supra_) at
395) on the part of the person communicating the information is present.

144 Uppermost in our minds were the potential ramifications to the commonplace
activity of communicating news, and, in particular, the communication of bad
news. In _Alcock_ ([23] _supra_), Parker LJ observed (when the case was before
the English Court of Appeal) as follows (at 363):

It appears to me that if it can be reasonably foreseen that psychiatric
illness can result from the shock of being told what has happened but the
defendant is not liable, so also the defendant is not liable if the injury
results from information conveyed by means of television and its commentary.
If this is not correct it would, as it seems to me, follow that anyone who
reports, at any rate promptly, the fact of death or serious injury would be
liable for psychiatric illness resulting, as would the television company.

145 It can be expected that a decision to allow recovery in all situations
where communication of information results in psychiatric harm would result in
a changed (and more constrained) approach towards the communication of bad
news. As Gummow and Kirby JJ opined in _Tame_ at 395 (in a passage which was
set out earlier at [139] above), recovery for psychiatric harm caused by the
communication of information should be limited to situations where a “malign
intention” (_Tame_ at 395) on the part of the person communicating the
information is present in order to prevent the inhibition of full and frank
disclosure of news.

**_Other observations_**

146 In order for a plaintiff to succeed in a claim founded on the tort of
negligence, the following must be established:

(a) the defendant owes the plaintiff a duty of care;

(b) the defendant breached that duty of care by acting (or omitting to act)
below the standard of care required of it;

(c) the defendant’s breach caused the plaintiff damage;

(d) the plaintiff’s losses arising from the defendant’s breach are not too
remote; and

(e) such losses can be adequately proved and quantified.

In so far as the issue of _liability_ is concerned, the plaintiff is only
required to establish that a duty of care was owed and that a breach of such
duty occurred. The other requirements listed above are, strictly speaking,
concerned with the assessment of damages and _not_ with liability (see Harvey
McGregor, _McGregor on Damages_ (Sweet & Maxwell, 17th Ed, 2003) at para
1–019, where the learned author emphasises the distinction between the
_existence_ of liability and the _extent and measurement_ of liability _once
it has been established_).

147 While the Judge purported to deal solely with the issue of liability, she
expressly dealt with issues of remoteness and causation _vis-à-vis_ the second
appellant, which issues, in the analysis of the learned author of _McGregor on
Damages_ , relate to the extent of liability (_viz_ , the assessment of
damages) and _not_ the existence of liability. For the sake of completeness,
however, we would express our agreement with the reasoning of the Judge with
regard to both of these issues (as set out at [87] and [90] of the GD).

**Conclusion**

148 Our consideration of the evidence and the parties’ arguments demonstrated
that the Judge was not plainly wrong in arriving at her decision that the
respondent was not responsible for the first appellant’s injuries. In so far
as the second appellant was concerned, we found that there was no duty of care
owed by the respondent to her. In the circumstances, we dismissed the appeal
with costs and the usual consequential orders.

149 That the Accident was a tragic one is undeniable, and we have the utmost
sympathy for the very real plight of both the appellants. In this regard, we
must commend Mr Quentin Loh SC, who was lead counsel for the respondent. At
the conclusion of this appeal, he not only expressed his sympathy for the
appellants, but also assured the court that, although he had no instructions
as to costs, he would consult with his client and recommend that costs not be
enforced against the appellants. He added that, if necessary, his own costs
would be reduced.

  

* * *

[note: 1] See para 3 of the defence filed on 17 October 2005.

[note: 2] See para 9 of the appellants’ skeletal submissions filed on 26
September 2007.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 29 May 2008 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

