Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## STX Corporation and Another v Herry Beng Koestanto and Others and Another
Matter  
[2008] SGHC 150

Case Number | : | OS 1889/2007, Suit 64/2008, SUM 735/2008, 652/2008, 725/2008  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 10 September 2008  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Lee Seiu Kin J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Christopher Anand Daniel and Nicholas Narayanan (Nicholas & Co) for the plaintiff; Andrew Ang Chee Kwang (PK Wong & Associates LLC) for the defendant   
Parties | : |  STX Corporation; STX Energy Co Ltd — Herry Beng Koestanto; Aria Sulhan Witoelar; Ashbury Finance Ltd   
  
Civil Procedure – Injunctions  
  

10 September 2008 |   
---|---  
  
Lee Seiu Kin J:

1 STX Corporation (“STX”), a company incorporated in the Republic of Korea
(“Korea”), is the first plaintiff in Originating Summons No 1889 of 2007 (“the
OS”) and the plaintiff in Suit No 64 of 2008 (“the Suit”). STX Energy Co Ltd
(“SE”), the second plaintiff in the OS, is a subsidiary of the Plaintiff and
is also incorporated in Korea.

2 The first defendant (“Herry”) and second defendant (“Aria”) in both the OS
and the Suit are Indonesian nationals. Ashbury Finance Ltd (“Ashbury”), the
third defendant in the OS, is a company incorporated in the British Virgin
Islands.

3 STX and SE filed the OS on 31 December 2007 applying for a worldwide Mareva
injunction against Herry, Aria and Ashbury. Their counsel appeared _ex parte_
before me on 2 January 2008 and obtained an order in the usual form
prohibiting the three defendants from dealing with their assets up to the
amount of US$5.3m. On 9 January 2008 Herry, Aria and Ashbury filed Summons No
105 of 2008 to discharge the injunction. This was heard on 20 February 2008,
at the end of which I varied the injunction by restricting its application to
two accounts in Goldman Sachs (Singapore) and discharging the remaining orders
made on 2 January 2008. I also ordered STX and SE to apply, in an arbitration
between them and Herry, Aria and Ashbury, for security for the claim within
one month of the filing of the defence in that arbitration. On 19 February
2008 STX and SE filed Summons No 735 of 2008 (“SUM 735/2008”) applying to
increase the amount of the injunction by a further US$1m.

4 Meanwhile on 29 January 2008, STX filed the writ of summons in the Suit. In
that action STX is claiming against Herry and Aria for the sum of
US$1,114,070, plus interest and costs, being the balance due under a
settlement agreement between the parties. STX filed Summons No 652 of 2008
(“SUM 652/2008”) on 13 February 2008 for a Mareva injunction for the sum
claimed plus interest and costs. On 18 February 2008, in Summons No 725 of
2008 (“SUM 725/2008”), Herry applied for a stay of the action on the ground of
_forum non conveniens_. And on 4 March 2008 STX and SE applied in Summons No
995 of 2008 (“SUM 995/2008”) for judgment.

5 On 17 March 2008, I heard SUM 735/2008 in the OS and SUM 725/2008, SUM
995/2008 and SUM 652/2008 in the Suit in that order. The following orders were
made:

(a) SUM 735/2008: The order of 20 February 2008 was discharged and the Mareva
injunction of 2 January 2008 reinstated but with the date for compliance
changed to 27 March 2008. The amount under injunction was increased to
US$5.8m.

(b) SUM 725/2008: The application by Herry and Aria for a stay of the Suit was
dismissed with costs.

(c) SUM 995/2008: The application by STX for summary judgment in the Suit was
dismissed with costs.

(d) SUM 652/2008: The application by STX for a Mareva injunction was allowed,
in the sum of US$1.2m.

6 The defendants filed three appeals on 3 April 2008. In Civil Appeal No 38 of
2008 (“CA 38/2008”), Herry, Aria and Ashbury appeal against my decision in SUM
735/2008 of the OS. In Civil Appeal No 37 of 2008 (“CA 37/2008”), Herry and
Aria appeal against my decision in SUM 725/2008 of the Suit. In Civil Appeal
No 39 of 2008 (“CA 39/2008”) Herry and Aria appeal against my decision in SUM
652/2008 of the Suit. I now give my grounds of decision in relation to these
three summonses.

7 The application by STX and SE for an _ex parte_ Mareva injunction in the OS
against the three defendants was supported by the affidavit of Park Hong Joo
filed on 31 December 2007. The background to the matter are set out in [3] to
[51] of that affidavit as follows:

**I. Background to business relationship**

3\. The 1st Plaintiff (a company incorporated in the Republic of Korea) heads
a group of companies that provide, amongst other things, energy-related
services, including the supply of coal and fuel to power plants, through the
2nd Plaintiff (also a company incorporated in the Republic of Korea). Annexed
and marked **PHJ-1** is a copy each of the web-site print-outs of the
Plaintiffs.

4\. The 1st and 2nd Defendants are Indonesian individuals, who control the 3rd
Defendant. The 3rd Defendant is a company incorporated in the British Virgin
Islands.

5\. The 1st Defendant represented himself to be the President Director and
Chief Executive Officer of PT Borneo Indobara (“ _BI_ ”), a company
incorporated in the Republic of Indonesia. BI is a coal-mining company.

6\. BI had wished to develop the export sales of its steam coal in the
Republic of Korea. On 23 February 2006, the 1st Plaintiff entered into an
Exclusive Distributorship Agreement with BI, to act as the sole and exclusive
distributor of BI’s steam coal in the Republic of Korea. The agreement was to
last, in the first instance, until 31 December 2008, and thereafter be
extended automatically for a 1 year period, unless notice of an intent to
terminate for default of the other party was served by either of the parties
in writing, at least 30 days prior to the relevant expiry date. Annexed and
marked **PHJ-2** is a copy of the Exclusive Distributorship Agreement.

7\. Thereafter, the 1st Plaintiff and the 1st Defendant discussed the
acquisition of shares in BI by the 1st Plaintiff. On 6 June 2006, a Memorandum
of Understanding was entered into between the 1st Plaintiff and BI for due
diligence to be conducted by the 1st Plaintiff for the purposes of the 1st
Plaintiff possibly purchasing up to 95% of BI’s shares. The 1st Defendant
signed the Memorandum of Understanding on behalf of BI. Annexed and marked
**PHJ-3** is a copy of the Memorandum of Understanding.

8\. The 1st Defendant then informed the 1st Plaintiff that, although BI would
give the 1st Plaintiff exclusivity until the end of October 2006, BI was also
in negotiation with the Sinar Mas Group from Indonesia for the sale of BI’s
shares. The 1st Defendant, effectively, stated that the 1st Plaintiff would
have the right of first refusal for BI’s shares. Annexed and marked **PHJ-4**
is a copy of the 1st Defendant’s letter dated 7 June 2006 to the 1st
Plaintiff, stating the foregoing.

9\. From June 2006 to early November 2006, the 1st and 2nd Defendants
negotiated with the Plaintiffs in Indonesia and in Korea on the terms of a
Memorandum of Understanding. On 9 November 2006, the 1st Plaintiff and BI
entered into another Memorandum of Understanding, stating, amongst other
things, that (a) the 1st Plaintiff confirmed its intention to acquire up to
77.5% of BI’s shares at a price of US$63.55 million, (b) the 1st Plaintiff
will remit to an escrow account or have a stand-by letter of credit issued in
the sum of US$3 million to indicate its seriousness (‘ _assurance monies_ ’),
and (c) a Heads of Agreement will be signed by the parties by 1 December 2006.
This Memorandum of Understanding was set out in a document entitled “Minutes
of Meeting (On 9th November, 2006)”. The 1st Defendant signed this document on
BI’s behalf. Annexed and marked **PHJ-5** is a copy of this document.

10\. On 1 December 2006, the 2nd Plaintiff entered into a Heads of Agreement
with the 1st Defendant and BI. In this Heads of Agreement, the 1st Defendant
represented that he was the representative of 92% of the shareholders of BI
and that he was also representing BI. The Heads of Agreement reflected the
main terms of the Memorandum of Understanding and made the acquisition
conditional upon, amongst other things, a sale and purchase agreement being
entered into, save that the mode of providing the assurance monies was
specified as payment into an escrow account. The Heads of Agreement was then
amended (by way of a document entitled Addendum to Heads of Agreement of
December 1, 2006) to change the mode of providing the assurance monies from
payment into an escrow account to by way of a stand-by letter of credit.
Annexed and marked **PHJ-6** and **PHJ-7** are copies of the Heads of
Agreement and the Addendum to Heads of Agreement of December 1, 2006,
respectively.

11\. On 9 May 2007, the Plaintiffs entered into a document entitled
“Acquisition of Shares/Binding Term Sheet” with the 1st and 2nd Defendants. In
this document, the 1st and 2nd Defendants represented, amongst other things,
that:

(i) BI, PT Roundhill Capital (“ _RCI_ ”), PT Roundhill Watala (“ _RW_ ”) were
companies incorporated under the laws of the Republic of Indonesia;

(ii) Scarlet Energy Ltd (“ _Scarlet_ ”) was a company incorporated in the
British Virgin Islands;

(iii) RW and PT Bumi Kencana Eka Sakti (“ _BKES_ ”) (another company
incorporated in the Republic of Indonesia) each owned 50% of the shares of
RCI. [I should point out that BKES is an affiliate of the Sinar Mas Group].

(iv) RCI, in turn, owned 95% of the shares of BI;

(v) Scarlet and Corporate United Investments Limited (“ _CUI_ ”) (another
company incorporated in the British Virgin Islands) each owned 50% of the
shares of China Coal Investments Limited (“ _Chinacoal_ ”) (a company
incorporated in Labuan, Malaysia). (I should point out that Chinacoal is, like
BI, a coal-mining company). [I should point out that CUI is also an affiliate
of the Sinar Mas Group]; and

(vi) The 1st and 2nd Defendants together owned 100% of the shares in RW and
100% of the shares in Scarlet, represented by the 1st Defendant.

12\. The Acquisition of Shares/Binding Term Sheet recorded, amongst other
things, that:

(i) The Plaintiffs wished to purchase 90% of the shares in RW and Scarlet for
the sums of US$42.75 million (“ _Purchase Price_ ”) and US$2, respectively;

(ii) The Plaintiffs were to advance “a refundable non-forfeitable commitment
fee” (“ _Commitment Fee_ ”) in the sum of US$5 million by way of transfer to
the 1st Defendant’s designated bank account. The Commitment Fee was to be
credited towards the Purchase Price at the closing of the sale and purchase;

(iii) Clause 4.4:

_“If for any reason the actions or transactions contemplated hereby do not
occur or close, as the case may be, by the agreed dates as specified herein or
in the CSPA (as defined in paragraph 6.3 below), the [1 st and 2nd Defendants]
will at the request of [the Plaintiffs], be jointly and severally liable to
repay the Commitment Fee (plus interest (“Interest”) at SIBOR + 3.5% from the
date of its receipt by [the 1st Defendant]) to [the Plaintiffs] within 30
banking days of such request. If the Commitment Fee is not repaid within 30
banking days of such request, then [the 1st Defendant], without limiting and
in addition to his aforementioned liability, will cause [BI], without further
payment by [the Plaintiffs], to deliver coal mined from [BI’s] Sembamban pit
(“Commitment Coal”) to [the Plaintiffs’] order of a total value (“Value”) at
the time of each delivery equal to the Commitment Fee (plus interest).
Commitment Coal will be delivered FOBT vessel geared and grabbed loading port
Muara Satui. The value of any shipment of Commitment Coal will be the total
documented price per tonne paid for [BI’s] last delivery to an arms length
third party of coal of like quality and quantity and on like delivery terms,
less US$1.00 per tonne, or as [the 1st Defendant] and [the Plaintiffs] may
otherwise agree. Notice of order, delivery dates and schedules for such coal
will be given by [the Plaintiffs] to [BI] no less than two months in advance
of delivery and [the 1st Defendant] will cause [BI] to give priority to such
deliveries. Detailed terms and conditions of such deliveries will be subject
to those other terms and conditions contained in the then most recent coal
purchase and sale contracts entered into by [the Plaintiffs] and [BI]. The
quality specifications for Commitment Coal will be as follows:_

_CV_ |  _5,500 (ADB) (reject <5,300)_  
---|---  
_TM_ |  _32% (reject <36%)_  
_Ash_ |  _4% (reject above 5%)_  
_Sulphur_ |  _0.2% (reject above 0.3%)”_  
  
13\. On 11 May 2007, the Acquisition of Shares/Binding Term Sheet was entered
into in a notorial deed form. The terms remained, essentially, the same.
Annexed and marked **PHJ-8** and **PHJ-9** are copies of the Acquisition of
Shares/Binding Term Sheet and the notorial deed form of that document,
respectively.

**II. Payment by the Plaintiffs to the Defendants of US$5 million**

14\. On or about 9 May 2007, the 1st Defendant sent an instruction to the
Plaintiffs to transfer the _“refundable, non-forfeitable Commitment Fee in the
amount of US$5 million”_ to the following designated account over which he
stated that he had “direction and control”:

ASHBURY FINANCE LTD.

CITIBANK NEW YORK

ABA NO:021XXXXXX

ACCT NAME: GOLDMAN SACHS INTERNATIONAL

ACCT NO: 40XXXXXX

IN FAVOUR OF ACCOUNT NO:018-XXXXX-X

Annexed and marked **PHJ-10** is a copy of the 1st Defendant’s instruction
dated 9 May 2007.

15\. On or about 11 May 2007, pursuant to the 1st Defendant’s instruction, the
2nd Plaintiff transferred the Commitment Fee to the account designated by the
1st Defendant. Annexed and marked **PHJ-11** is a copy of a swift message
dated 11 May 2007 showing this.

**III. Conditional Sale and Purchase of Shares Agreement**

16\. On 17 June 2007, the Plaintiffs and the 1st and 2nd Defendants entered
into a Conditional Sale and Purchase of Shares Agreement (“ _CSPA_ ”). Annexed
and marked **PHJ-12** is a copy of the CSPA.

17\. The CSPA provided, amongst other things, that the 1st and 2nd Defendants
were to sell 90% of the shares in RW and Scarlet to the Plaintiffs for the
Purchase Price of US$42.75 million (Article 1.1 (definition of “Sale Shares”)
and Article 2.4).

18\. Article 2.5(a) provided that the Commitment Fee had been paid by the
Plaintiffs to the 1st and 2nd Defendants _“as a refundable commitment fee and
deposit against the Purchase Price as provided for under the Binding Terms
Sheet and [the 1 st and 2nd Defendants] hereby acknowledge their receipt
thereof and agree to refund the Commitment Fee in accordance with Article
2.7”_.

19\. Article 2.7 was in the following terms (with my emphasis):

__“Refund of Commitment Fee._ ** _If for any reason, the transactions
contemplated hereunder do not occur or are not completed by the Closing Date,
[the 1 st and 2nd Defendants] shall be jointly and severally liable to repay
to [the Plaintiffs] on demand but in any event no later than 30 Banking Days
from the demand by [the Plaintiffs] the Commitment Fee plus interest
(“Interest”) accrued at a rate of SIBOR plus 3.5% per annum calculated from
(and including May 14, 2007 to (but excluding) the date of full payment
thereof by [the 1st and 2nd Defendants]_**. If the Commitment Fee is not
repaid within such 30 Banking Days, then HBK, **_without limiting and in
addition to his aforementioned liability_** , shall cause [BI], without
further payment or any action on the part of [the Plaintiffs], to deliver coal
mined from [BI’s] Sebamban pit (“Commitment Coal”) to [the Plaintiffs] (or
their designee) in a quantity of a total value (“Value”) equal to the
Commitment Fee plus Interest. Commitment Coal shall be delivered FOBT vessel
geared and grabbed loading port Muara Satui. The Value of the shipment of the
Commitment Coal shall be based on the total documented price per tonne paid
[BI] for its most recent delivery to a third party on an arms’ length basis
for coals of equal quality and quantity and on comparable terms, less US$1.00
per tonne or as [the 1st Defendant] and [the Plaintiffs] may otherwise agree.
Notice of order, delivery dates and schedules for the Commitment Coal shall be
given by [the Plaintiffs] to [BI] no less than two months in advance of the
scheduled delivery thereof and [the 1st Defendant] will cause [BI] to give
priority to such deliveries of the Commitment Coal. Other terms and conditions
of such deliveries of the Commitment Coal will be subject to those other terms
and conditions contained in the then most recent coal purchase and sale
contract entered into by [the Plaintiffs] (or any of their affiliates) and
[BI]. The quality specifications for Commitment Coal will be as follows:_

_CV_ |  _5,500 (ADB) (reject <5,300)_  
---|---  
_TM_ |  _32% (reject <36%)_  
_Ash_ |  _4% (reject above 5%)_  
_Sulphur_ |  _0.2% (reject above 0.3%)”_  
  
20\. The date fixed for the closing of the transaction was **_20 July 2007
(“Closing Date”)_** or such other date as the parties mutually agreed or
designated by the Plaintiffs as provided for in the CSPA (Article 1.1
(definition of “Closing Date”) and Article 2.5(b) (i)).

21\. The sale and purchase of the shares by the Plaintiffs was subject to
certain conditions, which were conditions precedent that had to be fulfilled
on or prior to the Closing Date. This was provided for in Article 3, which was
in the following terms (with my emphasis):

_“Conditions Precedent to Obligations of [the Plaintiffs]_

**__3.1 The sale and purchase of the Sale Shares by [the Plaintiffs] shall be
subject to the fulfillment, on or prior to the Closing Date, of all of the
conditions set forth below (“Conditions Precedent”):__**

_(a) The representations and warranties made by [the 1 st and 2nd Defendants]
in this Agreement and the statements made in the Recitals shall be true and
accurate in all material respects when made and shall be true and accurate in
all material respects as of the Closing Date as if made on the Closing Date._

_(b) [The 1 st and 2nd Defendants] have obtained all consents and approvals
required under all applicable laws and agreements for the sale and purchase of
the Sale Shares and to give effect to the transactions contemplated hereunder
and, in particular, without limitation, all necessary approvals, consents or
waivers have been obtained from:_

_(i) the spouses of each of [the 1 st and 2nd Defendants];_

_(ii) the appropriate corporate authorities of each of [RW and Scarlet] under
Law No. 1 of 1995, the articles of association of each of [RW and Scarlet],
including but not limited to the shareholders’ resolution of each of [RW and
Scarlet] approving the sale and transfer of the Sale Shares as contemplated in
this Agreement; and_

_(iii) BKPM for conversion of RW to a PMA company on mutually acceptable terms
and conditions and approval of the necessary shareholders’ resolutions and the
necessary amendments of the articles of association of RW to give effect
thereto; and_

_(iv) The holders of any preemptive rights or first rights to match or first
rights to purchase the Sale Shares whether of BKES or any other party._

_(c) Completion by no later than 44 days after the date hereof of successful
due diligence in connection with the transaction contemplated hereunder,
nothing material having come to the attention of [the Plaintiffs] that in [the
Plaintiffs’] sole opinion requires further due diligence inquiries;_

_(d) Each of [the 1 st and 2nd Defendants] [have] executed resolutions as
shareholder of RW and Scarlet, respectively, adopting amendments to each of
the articles of association of RW and Scarlet in form and substance acceptable
to [the Plaintiffs] that reflects the changes arising from the completion of
transactions contemplated by this Agreement._

_(e) Each of [the 1 st and 2nd Defendants] has entered into shareholders
agreements with [the Plaintiffs] as shareholders of RW and Scarlet,
respectively, in form and substance acceptable to [the Plaintiffs] that set
forth various matters including but not limited to the management and
operation of RW and Scarlet, respectively, changes arising from the completion
of transactions contemplated by this Agreement, provisions to be included in
amendments to the articles of association of each [of RW and Scarlet] and
provisions that may not be included in amendments to the articles of
association [of each of RW and Scarlet], which agreements shall take effect as
of and from the Closing Date._

_(f) RW has entered into a shareholders agreement with BKES and Scarlet has
entered into a shareholders agreement with CUI, each in form and substance
acceptable to [the Plaintiffs] which agreements set forth various matters
including but not limited to the management and operation of RCI and China
Coal, respectively. The Parties agree that such agreements shall take effect
from the Closing Date and replace Addendum 2 and the Mutual Agreement as
amended. or as the Parties may otherwise agree._

_(g) There have been no amendments or changes to the Related Agreements and no
other agreements or documents in connection therewith have been entered into
by, between or among [the 1 st and 2nd Defendants], RW, RCI, BKES, [BI], China
Coal, Scarlet or CUI between the date hereof and the Closing Date._

_(h) [The 1 st and 2nd Defendants] have taken all necessary steps to cause
persons nominated by [the Plaintiffs] to be appointed as members of the boards
of directors and commissioners of each of RW, RCI, [BI], China Coal and
Scarlet in place of each of the members nominated or appointed by [the 1st
Defendant], [the 2nd Defendant], RW or Scarlet._

_(i) Each of the closing deliveries as specified in Article 5.2 has been
delivered to [the Plaintiffs]._

_(j) [The Plaintiffs] have obtained all necessary Government Approvals from
the Authorities of Korea within 44 days of the date hereof which are required
in connection with the transaction contemplated hereby._

_3.2** _All Conditions Precedent set forth herein must have been met or
fulfilled (unless otherwise waived at the sole discretion of [the Plaintiffs])
on or prior to the Closing Date_** and in any event, despite any language to
the contrary herein, the balance of the Purchase Price is not payable by [the
Plaintiffs] unless the Conditions Precedent not waived have been timely met or
fulfilled. **_If the Conditions Precedent are not met, fulfilled or waived by
the Closing Date, the Buyers may without any further action or formal notice
terminate its obligations hereunder and the SLC and shall be entitled to the
repayment of the Commitment Fee as provided herein._ ”**_

22\. The closing deliveries specified in Article 5.2, which are referred to in
Article 3.1 (i), and **_which had to be delivered by the 1 st and 2nd
Defendants to the Plaintiffs at the Closing Date (unless previously
delivered)_** were:

_“(a) Resolutions of extraordinary general meeting of shareholders of each of
[RW and Scarlet] to approve the sale of the Sale Shares to [the Plaintiffs],
amendments to the articles of association of each of [RW and Scarlet] and the
consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby;_

_(b) A copy of the articles of association of RW, as amended, incorporating
the resolutions adopted at the extraordinary general shareholders meeting of
RW as referred to in Article 5.2(a) and legal evidence that proves submission
of such amended articles of association to the Ministry of Justice and Human
Rights of the Republic of Indonesia for approval;_

_(c) A copy of the articles of association of Scarlet, as amended,
incorporating the resolutions adopted at the extraordinary general
shareholders meeting of Scarlet as referred to in Article 5.2(a);_

_(d) A certified copy of the shareholders registry of each of [RW and Scarlet]
showing registration of the name of [the Plaintiffs] therein as holder of the
Sale Shares without any encumbrance thereon;_

_(e) A letter of resignation signed by each member of the board of directors
and commissioners of RW and Scarlet (except for one director for each of RW
and Scarlet) effective as of the Closing Date and unanimous written
resolutions of shareholders of RW and Scarlet appointing each of the persons
nominated by [the Plaintiffs] as members of the board of directors of RW and
Scarlet, respectively and of the board of commissioners of RW, effective as of
the Closing Date;_

_(f) Share certificates representing the Sale Shares as issued by RW and
Scarlet;_

_(g) Evidence that all consents and approvals referred to in Article 3.1(b)
have been obtained, including but not limited to BKPM’s approval of conversion
of RW to a PMA company;_

_(h) A standard form of notorial deed of transfer executed by [the 1 st and
2nd Defendants] for the transfer of the RW Sale Shares to [the Plaintiffs];_

_(i) Such document of transfer as may be required under the laws of the
British Virgin Islands to effect the transfer to [the Plaintiffs] of the
Scarlet Sale Shares_

_(j) Financial statements of each of RW, Scarlet, RCI, [BI], and China Coal
for the period ended June 30, 2007; and_

_[k] Evidence to the satisfaction of [the Plaintiffs] that the Pledges have
been released/discharged.”_

23\. The Pledges referred to in Article 5.2(h) are pledges of the all the
shares of RW and Scarlet to secure a loan extended by China Coal as a lender
to BI. The 1st and 2nd Defendants had agreed in the CSPA (Recital B) to
discharge the pledges prior to the Closing Date.

24\. Under Article 2.3 of the CSPA, the Plaintiffs had agreed to issue a
stand-by letter of credit in a sum up to US$45 million to assist the 1st and
2nd Defendants, through RW and Scarlet, to purchase the shares of BKES and CUI
in RCI and China Coal, respectively. Pursuant to this, a document entitled
“Ashbury Agreement” was entered into on or about 17 June 2007 between the 2nd
Plaintiff and the Defendants. Annexed and marked **PHJ-13** is a copy of this
document. The effect of the Ashbury Agreement was that the 1st and 2nd
Defendants intended to use the 3rd Defendant to pay for BKES’ and CUI’s shares
in RCI and China Coal, respectively, from funds drawn from the stand-by letter
of credit issued by the 2nd Plaintiff.

25\. On the same day, a further document, entitled “Conditions for STX’s
Letter of No Objection Under the SLC”, was entered into between the 2nd
Plaintiff and the Defendants. This document dealt with the issue of the stand-
by letter of credit, stating, amongst other things, certain conditions to be
satisfied before the 2nd Plaintiff was obliged to give a letter of no
objection to its bank to issue the stand-by letter of credit. Annexed and
marked **PHJ-14** is a copy of this document.

26\. Also on the same day, the 1st Defendant entered into an Undertaking and
Guarantee to (a) procure RW (as and when it became the owner of 100% of the
shares in RCI) to cause BI to enter into an exclusive mining services
agreement with the 2nd Plaintiff or its designee and (b) to procure RW and
Scarlet to cause BI and China Coal (as and when Scarlet became the owner of
100% of the shares in China Coal) to enter into an exclusive assignment
agreement with the 2nd Plaintiff. This was done pursuant to Article 8.4 of the
CSPA. Annexed and marked **PHJ-15** is a copy of the Undertaking and
Guarantee.

27\. On or about 21 June 2007, the stand-by letter of credit was issued, to
expire on 23 July 2007. Annexed and collectively marked **PHJ-16** are copies
of swift messages showing this.

28\. On or about 2 July 2007, the 2nd Plaintiff made an offer to, amongst
other things, purchase all the shares in RW, thereby providing a basis on how
the stand-by letter of credit was to be used.

**IV. Non-fulfillment of the conditions precedent obligations of the 1 st and
2nd Defendants in the CSPA and demand for repayment of the Commitment Fee and
interest**

29\. Apart from confirmation, on or about 20 June 2007, that approval had been
obtained for the conversion of RW from an ordinary company to a foreign
investment company, which was a condition precedent under Article 3.1(b)(iii)
of the CSPA (which confirmation is annexed and marked **PHJ-17**), the 1st and
2nd Defendants did not satisfy any of their Condition Precedent obligations
under the CSPA. In particular the 1st and 2nd Defendants had not taken steps
to ensure that RW and Scarlet had entered into appropriate shareholders’
agreements with BKES and CUI, respectively, in terms acceptable to the
Plaintiffs, which would ensure the Plaintiffs’ proper participation in the
management of RCI and Chinacoal, respectively. This was extremely important to
the Plaintiffs, as it was only through such participation that the Plaintiffs
would have any control over the coal produced by BI and Chinacoal. This was
contrary to one of the conditions precedent in the CSPA (Article 3.1(f)).
Indeed, there were meetings between the Plaintiffs’ representatives and the
1st and 2nd Defendants after the CSPA was signed and before the expiry of the
stand-by letter of credit, at which the Plaintiffs asked for developments on
the 1st and 2nd Defendants’ discussions with the Sinar Mas Group (of which
BKES and CUI were affiliates) in this respect. The Defendants did not have any
satisfactory responses.

30\. The Plaintiffs did not receive any of the deliverables as of the Closing
Date of 20 July 2007. Under Article 3.2 of the CSPA, the Plaintiffs were
entitled to terminate their obligations under the CSPA and repayment of the
Commitment Fee without any further action or formal notice.

31\. On or about 14 August 2007, the 2nd Plaintiff informed the 1st Defendant
of the decision not to proceed with the CSPA. Annexed and marked **PHJ-18** is
a copy of the 2nd Plaintiff’s letter of 14 August 2007. The Plaintiffs
underlined the failure of the 1st and 2nd Defendants to provide any
satisfactory solution for the apparent impasse with the Sinar Mas Group.

32\. On or about 30 August 2007, the Plaintiffs demanded the refund of the
Commitment Fee of US$5 million plus interest, under Article 2.7 of the CSPA.
In this regard, I wish to point out that the interest specified in Article 2.7
of the CSPA is SIBOR plus 3.5%, and it was specified to run from (and
including) 14 May 2007. The SIBOR is presently 4.4%, and so presently, the
interest amount is US$250,166.67 (7.9% from May 14 2007 to 28 December 2007).
The Plaintiffs also demanded payment of another sum of US$1,114,076 owing to
the Plaintiffs on another matter. I should point out that the sum of
US$1,114,076 was the sum still owing from a sum of US$1,464,076 that the 1st
Defendant had agreed (on or about 27 March 2007) to pay to the Plaintiffs as
compensation for shipment of coal on the MV Subic Bay. The 1st Defendant had
paid the sum of US$350,000 on or about 7 June 2007.

33\. Around this time, we understood that the 1st and 2nd Defendants had
agreed to sell their shares in RW and Scarlet to the Sinar Mas Group. On not
receiving any response, on 13 September 2007, the Plaintiffs wrote to the 1st
Defendant, stating, amongst other things, that, if there was no response from
the 1st Defendant by 17 September 2007, the Plaintiffs would ask the Sinar Mas
Group to pay to the Plaintiffs directly, from the sum payable for the shares
to the 1st and 2nd Defendants, the sums owing to the Plaintiffs by the 1st and
2nd Defendants.

34\. Still there was no response and we sent a chaser on 19 September 2007.

35\. It was only on 20 September 2007 that the 1st Defendant responded. He
stated that the sum of US$1,114,076 would be paid by the end of November 2007
and that the Commitment Fee repayment will be by way of coal delivery. The
latter was surprising to us because the 1st and 2nd Defendants should have
retained the Commitment Fee pending completion of the transaction, if they
were acting honestly. The option of receiving repayment by way of coal
delivery was an additional right that the Plaintiffs had and could not be
imposed on us by the 1st and 2nd Defendants.

36\. On 4 October 2007, we replied that we would allow until the end of
November to receive payment of the sum of US$1,114,076.

37\. On the Commitment Fee, we pointed out that, in light of the 1st and 2nd
Defendants’ Agreement with the Sinar Mas Group (and so lack of control over
BI), we could not rely on the coal delivery. We again demanded the Commitment
Fee and interest under Article 2.7 of the CSPA and pointed out the clear words
of that Article allowing **_us_** to choose between being repaid in cash or
with coal.

38\. Again, not receiving any response, we sent a chaser to the 1st Defendant
on 16 October 2007, granting until 19 October 2007 for a reply and stating
that, if we did not receive one, we would commence legal action.

39\. On 23 October 2007, we sent another chaser, as we had received an e-mail
from one Aris Munandar (an affiliate of the 1st and 2nd Defendants) that the
1st Defendant was in the United States of America until 22 October 2007. We
gave the 1st Defendant until 25 October 2007 to reply.

40\. Finally, on 25 October 2007 the 1st Defendant replied, stating that
repayment of the Commitment Fee will be by way of coal delivery.

41\. On 26 October 2007, we wrote to the 1st Defendant, reiterating that,
under Article 2.7 of the CSPA, we had the right to seek repayment of the
Commitment Fee in cash. We again pointed out that, with the 1st and 2nd
Defendants not appearing to control BI, repayment by coal delivery might not
be a viable alternative. However, without prejudice to our right to be repaid
in cash, we were willing to consider coal delivery if fail-safe measures could
be put in place, including commitment to fulfill coal deliveries from all
parties, including the Sinar Mas Group. We asked for a response by 31 October
2007.

42\. On receiving no response, we wrote to the 1st and 2nd Defendants on 31
October 2007, stating, amongst other things that, without prejudice to our
right to seek repayment in cash, in view of the 1st and 2nd Defendants’
pending sale of their shares in RW and Scarlet to the Sinar Mas Group, we were
willing to consider repayment by coal delivery on the following conditions
being satisfied before proceeding to negotiate a coal sales agreement:

(a) Confirmations letters from the 1st and 2nd Defendants that they will
guarantee performance by BI of a coal sales agreement;

(b) Confirmation letter from the Sinar Mas Group that they would acknowledge
and approve the entering of a coal sales agreement;

(c) Written confirmation that the 1st and 2nd Defendants will pay in cash any
part of the Commitment Fee and interest outstanding when they have been paid
by the Sinar Mas Group for their indirect shareholding in BI and related off-
shore companies, along with an acceptance letter from the Sinar Mas Group;

(d) Unconditional personal security of the 1st and 2nd Defendants for
performance of coal deliveries; and

(e) Confirmation about the quality of the coal delivery.

43\. Despite the foregoing conditions being reasonable, on or about 5 November
2007, Aris Munandar replied for the 1st and 2nd Defendants, but did not accept
all the conditions.

44\. In particular, there was no acceptance of any personal guarantee by the
1st and 2nd Defendants of coal delivery and repayment in cash of any
outstanding part of the Commitment Fee and interest when the 1st and 2nd
Defendants got paid by the Sinar Mas Group for the sale of their shares.

45\. On 7 November 2007, we chased for the documents that the 1st and 2nd
Defendants refused to provide (as set out above).

46\. On or about 15 November 2007, we sent a draft of a Deed of Fiduciary
Security over Receivable to Aris Munandar, with copies to the 1st and 2nd
Defendants. We allowed them until 21 November 2007 to sign the Deed. We made
it clear that this had to be done prior to us entering into any coal sales
agreement.

47\. In response to the 1st and 2nd Defendants’ request to extend the time to
sign the Deed, we extended the time to 26 November 2007.

48\. On 29 November 2007, we reminded the 1st Defendant about payment of the
sum of US$1,114,076. We sent another reminder on this on 30 November 2007.
Annexed and collectively marked **PHJ-19** are copies of the correspondence
and documents referred to in paragraph 32 to this paragraph.

49\. We have not received any response from the 1st and 2nd Defendants since.
The 1st Defendant has also not made payment of the sum of S$1,114,076.

**V. Commencement of Arbitration**

50\. In view of the position that the 1st and 2nd Defendants have put us in,
we have commenced arbitration in Singapore with the Singapore International
Arbitration Centre (“ _SIAC_ ”) under Article 10 of the CSPA, on 3 December
2007, for recovery of the Commitment Fee and interest.

51\. We have had an administrative conference call with the solicitors for the
1st and 2nd Defendants and the SIAC. As an indication of the manner in which
the 1st and 2nd Defendants are acting in bad faith, their solicitors have
indicated to the SIAC that they intend to take a jurisdictional objection to
the power of the SIAC to appoint an arbitrator. Annexed and collectively
marked **PHJ-20** are copies of the Notice of Arbitration and subsequent
correspondence between the parties and the SIAC. It is noteworthy that the 1st
and 2nd Defendants have yet to even make payment of the advance on costs to
the SIAC.

[emphasis in original]

8 Therefore the nub of the matter was this: SE had entered into a sale and
purchase agreement for shares in PT Borneo Indobara (“PTBI”) and had paid to
Herry a commitment fee of US$5m. It was specifically agreed that Herry and
Aria would be jointly and severally liable to repay this commitment fee, plus
interest, if “for any reason the … transactions contemplated … do not occur or
close … by the agreed dates”. Under the agreement, such repayment may be made
in kind at the option of SE, by delivery of an equivalent value in coal. The
sale and purchase transaction did not materialise and on 30 August 2007 SE
sent a written demand for the refund of the commitment fee plus interest. At
that point the contractual interest amounted to about US$250,000. Herry and
Aria initially did not respond to that demand despite a number of reminders.
It was only on 20 September 2007 that Herry sent a letter to STX, in which he
stated that he would make payment in the following unqualified manner:

“As for Commitment Payment, we will fulfill our obligation accordingly to the
agreement that we have signed upon, by delivering BIB Coal to you as the form
of the payment.”

The plaintiffs noted that the alternative of repayment by way of delivery of
coal was at the option of SE and not the defendants. The plaintiffs were
doubtful as to the ability of the defendants to undertake this alternative as
they were no longer in control of PTBI. Accordingly the plaintiffs reiterated
their demand for refund in their letter of 4 October 2007, which was followed
by two reminders on 16 and 23 October 2007. Herry replied on 25 October 2007
stating that in the “mutual agreement … refund of Commitment Fee [may be by]
coal delivery”. The plaintiffs replied on 26 October 2007, reiterating that
repayment by way of coal delivery was at their option and that in any event
they did not see how Herry could be in a position to fulfil such delivery as
he no longer controlled PTBI. They stated that they were not prepared to
consider this option unless Herry came up with a proposal that could satisfy
them as to its feasibility. The plaintiffs requested for a reply by 31 October
2007. When that did not come, the plaintiffs wrote a letter on that date
setting out the terms whereby they would accept the alternative of delivery by
coal. Among those terms was the requirement for a confirmation from the Sinar
Mas Group acknowledging and approving this. The defendants’ representative,
Aris Munandar, sent a reply dated 5 November 2007 which did not specifically
agree to the conditions. On 15 November 2007 the plaintiffs sent a draft deed
of fiduciary security over receivables to Aris Munandar, with copies to Herry
and Aria, making clear that this deed had to be executed by 21 November 2007
prior to entering into any coal sales agreement. Upon the defendants’ request
the deadline was extended to 26 November 2007. Another sum of about US$1.1m
relating to another transaction but concurrently demanded by the plaintiffs
had also not been paid by this date. The plaintiffs alleged that the
defendants had moved the US$5m commitment fee through New York and London and
that, in view of the lack of good faith manifested in their refusal to respond
in timely manner to the plaintiffs’ letters of demand, there was a real risk
that the defendants would dissipate their assets in Singapore. There was also
the defendants’ failure to pay the US$1.1m despite their promises to do so.
This feet dragging by the defendants in the arbitration proceedings[note: 1]
also show their attempt to delay proceedings to recover the commitment fee
which had been clearly stated to be refundable.

9 Before me, counsel for the plaintiffs stated that the defendants had
indicated that they had a counterclaim of about US$13m, despite previously
admitting liability. Satisfied that the plaintiffs had made out their case and
upon the usual undertaking as to damages, I granted the injunction on 31
December 2007.

10 On 9 January 2008 Herry filed Summons No 105 of 2008 (“SUM 105/2008) to set
aside the injunction of 31 December 2007. I heard this application on 20
February 2008, at the end of which I declined to set aside the injunction but
varied it by restricting its application to two specific Goldmans Sachs
accounts (upon confirmation by Goldman Sachs that Herry, Aria and/or Ashbury
had control over these accounts and the monies therein were unencumbered). I
discharged the remaining orders of the injunction of 31 December 2007.

11 On 19 February 2008 the plaintiffs applied in SUM 735/2008 for an increase
in the amount of the injunction sum. Meanwhile on 13 February 2008, the
plaintiff in the Suit, STX, applied in SUM 652/2008 for an injunction for the
sum of US$1.2m. On 18 February 2008 the defendants in the Suit applied in SUM
725/2008 for a stay of proceedings on the grounds of _forum non conveniens_.
These applications (together with SUM 995/2008 in the suit which is not the
subject of any appeal) were heard by me on 17 March 2008.

SUM 735/2008 in OS1889/2007

12 In SUM 735/2008 in the OS, STX applied for the amount under injunction to
be increased by US$1m. The ground for this application was that Herry, Aria
and Ashbury had been delaying the arbitration proceedings and substantial
contractual interest and costs had accrued as a result. Meanwhile Herry, Aria
and Ashbury had not filed any affidavit of assets and Herry had only filed an
affidavit disclosing the details of certain accounts in the Singapore branch
of Goldman Sachs. However Herry gave contradictory accounts in the various
affidavits he filed, at first stating that he had only two accounts, then
later disclosing more accounts. In view of this, and my further finding that
they had failed to comply with my orders, I decided to reinstate the original
order of 2 January 2008 and required Herry, Aria and Ashbury to file affidavit
of assets by 27 March 2008 unless they were able to provide, by that date, an
unconditional banker’s guarantee or other security acceptable to STX in the
amount of US$5.8m (an increase of US$0.8m from the original US$5m). I ordered
costs against the defendants to be taxed if not agreed.

SUM 652/2008 in S64/2008

13 In SUM 652/2008 in the Suit, STX applied for a Mareva injunction in the sum
of US$1.2m. The cause of action in the Suit is based on a written agreement
dated 27 March 2007 in which Herry and Aria undertook to pay STX a sum of
US$1,464,076 by way of compromise and compensation for losses suffered by STX
under a contract between STX and PTBI. At the material time Herry was the
president director and Aria the chief executive officer of PTBI. The statement
of claim alleged that Herry had acknowledged the sum owing by making part
payment of US$350,000 on 6 June 2007 leaving a balance of US$1,114,070. Herry
further acknowledged this outstanding sum by way of a letter to STX dated 20
September 2007 in which he promised to make full payment by the end of
November 2007. However Herry and Aria failed to make any further payments
despite a letter of demand on 24 January 2008. STX had exhibited these
documents in affidavits filed on its behalf.

14 The grounds for the application for the Mareva injunction were similar to
those in the OS and, being satisfied that STX had made out its case of a risk
of dissipation of assets by Herry and Aria, I granted an order in terms of the
application in the sum of US$1.2m. I also gave a similar condition that if
Herry and Aria could provide a banker’s guarantee in that sum, then the
injunction would be discharged. I ordered costs to be in the cause.

SUM 725/2008 in S64/2008

15 In SUM 725/2008 in the Suit, Herry and Aria applied for a stay of the
action on the ground of _forum non conveniens_. Counsel for the defendants in
the Suit stated that the defence is that they were the wrong parties being
sued as they had signed the settlement agreement of 27 March 2007 as agents of
PTBI and did not assume any personal liability. He submitted that in the event
STX obtains judgment, it would be against PTBI and STX would have to commence
further proceedings in Indonesia resulting in a multiplicity of proceedings.
He pointed out that the parties have no connection with Singapore. Counsel for
STX pointed out that the issue of multiplicity of proceedings was not raised
by the defendants on affidavit.

16 However the arbitration clause in the underlying contract between STX and
PTBI contained an arbitration clause that provides for arbitration in
Singapore under UNCITRAL rules and does not specify the governing law. The
Suit pertains to agreements between Korean and Indonesian parties under
contracts in which the governing law is not specified. The defendants have
assets in Singapore. In the circumstances, I did not agree that the action
should be stayed on the ground of _forum non conveniens_. I accordingly
dismissed the application with costs to STX fixed at $2,000.

_________________

[note: 1]Article 10 provides as follows:

10.1 It is agreed that in the event of any controversy, claim, difference,
dispute or question (collectively, a “Dispute”) arising under or in connection
or relation to this Agreement or any difference regarding its existence,
validity or termination or with respect to any alleged breach hereof, the
Parties shall seek to resolve the Dispute amicably through discussions between
them. Only if the Parties fail to resolve such Dispute by amicable arrangement
with 30 days of first notice thereof by any Party may a Party initiate
arbitration as set forth below.

10.2 Subject to Article 10.1, any Dispute shall only be referred to and
finally resolved by arbitration in Singapore in English in accordance with the
Arbitration Rules of the Singapore Arbitration Centre (“SIAC Rules”) then in
force which rules are deemed to be incorporated by reference into this clause.
The decision of any board of arbitration constituted under the SIAC Rules
shall be final, binding and incontestable and shall be used as a basis for the
enforcement thereof in any jurisdiction. Any decision, award or judgment of
the board of arbitration may, without limitation, be brought to the relevant
Indonesian court for enforcement in Indonesia in accordance with the New York
Convention on the Enforcement of Foreign Arbitral Awards.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 10 Sep 2008 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

