Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## PT Panasonic Gobel Indonesia v Stratech Systems Ltd  
[2008] SGHC 172

Case Number | : | Suit 34/2007  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 10 October 2008  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Judith Prakash J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Tan Chuan Thye, Lau Wai Ming, Gitta S Juwita, Shum Wai Keong (Wong & Leow LLC) for the plaintiff; M P Kanisan and Hariprasad Ratnagopal (M P Kanisan & Partners) for the defendant   
Parties | : |  PT Panasonic Gobel Indonesia — Stratech Systems Ltd   
  
Civil Procedure – Pleadings – Plaintiff seeking repayment of all moneys paid
under Services Agreement due to total failure of consideration – Failing to
plead relief sought from court – Whether pleading all facts necessary to
establish foundation of such relief sufficient  
  
Contract – Contractual terms – Rules of construction – Pre-contractual
expressions of intentions and abilities by defendant not included as
contractual terms in Services Agreement – "Entire agreement" clauses in
contract – Whether "entire agreement" clauses merged promises or assurances
made in negotiations such that they had no contractual force save in so far as
were reflected in Services Agreement  
  

10 October 2008 |  Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Judith Prakash J:

Introduction

1 The plaintiff, PT Panasonic Gobel Indonesia (“Panasonic”), is a company
incorporated in Indonesia. It is the exclusive distributor of the Panasonic
and Technics brands in Indonesia and is part of the Matsushita Electric
Industrial Co., Ltd group of companies based in Japan. Currently, it has 13
branch offices and 21 service stations spread throughout the Indonesian
archipelago.

2 The defendant, Stratech Systems Limited (“Stratech”), is a public company
incorporated in Singapore and listed on the main board of the Singapore
Exchange. It is in the business of providing consultancy and professional
services relating to information technology (IT).

3 Panasonic and Stratech first came into contact some time in mid-2000 when
Panasonic was looking for a company in the IT business which could revamp
Panasonic’s then existing information management systems. Following several
meetings and presentations, Panasonic engaged Stratech to carry out a
consultancy study. This was completed in December 2000 and in November 2001
Stratech and Panasonic entered into a contract (the “Services Agreement”).
This was backdated to 29 June 2001. Under the Services Agreement, Stratech
agreed to provide certain defined services to Panasonic.

4 In this action, Panasonic claims that it is entitled to recover damages from
Stratech on two alternative bases. These are:

(a) that it had been induced to enter into the Services Agreement with
Stratech by certain misrepresentations made by Stratech before the conclusion
of the Services Agreement; and

(b) that Stratech had breached its obligations under the Services Agreement in
that it had failed to complete the provision, customisation and implementation
of the information management system that it was supposed to provide to
Panasonic; that it had failed to ensure that its system met the specifications
set out in the Services Agreement; and that it had also breached clause 3.1 of
the Services Agreement.

5 Apart from putting forward a defence to the claim, Stratech has also filed a
counterclaim. It alleges that Panasonic was in breach of its own obligations
under the Services Agreement and as a result Stratech’s Implementation
Schedule was delayed. In consequence, Stratech incurred loss and damage in
that it had to pay for additional staff time costs, staff standby costs and
additional material costs. Stratech claimed damages for these breaches.

Background

6 In 2000, Panasonic was not satisfied with the two computer systems, SIMAG
and SPC 2000 (which it called the “Legacy System”) which it used to manage its
data. Under the Legacy System, it was not possible to electronically transfer
data from one programme to another and manual re-entry was required. This
situation was not satisfactory because Panasonic’s head office was in Jakarta
and its branches were spread over a large geographical area and, therefore, it
took time to transfer data from these branches to the head office and vice
versa. Panasonic was looking for an electronic business (“e-Business”)
solution to this problem.

7 In mid 2000, Mr Rinaldi Sjarif, then Panasonic’s Director of Sales
Operations and Services, met Dr David Chew, the founder of Stratech and its
Executive Chairman. Having heard a description of Panasonic’s business, Dr
Chew informed Mr Sjarif that an Enterprise Resource Planning (“ERP”) system
would assist Panasonic. According to Mr Sjarif, Dr Chew recommended that
Panasonic use a system known as the J.D. Edwards OneWorld Xe System (the “JDE
system”) which he said was an open source system suitable for Panasonic’s use.

8 Shortly thereafter Stratech gave a presentation to the plaintiff on the
problems faced by companies with their business processes and how e-Business
solutions, built on the fundamentals of an ERP system, could resolve these
problems. According to Mr Sjarif, Stratech informed Panasonic that it would
only need 8 months to carry out business analysis, customisation,
implementation and testing of the JDE system.

9 On 28 October 2000, Stratech provided a formal pitch to Panasonic entitled:
“Transforming PT National Panasonic Gobel into a Digital Enterprise – Proposal
for a Consultancy Study Leading to a Phase 1 Implementation E-Business
Project” (the “Pitch document”). In the Pitch document, Stratech recommended
that the Legacy System should be replaced with an ERP system. It suggested
that there be a consultancy study to determine the actual cost and scope of
the first project. On the face of it, Stratech was confident that the
consultancy study would confirm that an ERP system was the solution for
Panasonic:

“We expect the needs analysis to confirm that the first project shall be to
implement an ERP system for [Panasonic]. The ERP system will establish the
enterprise-wide integrated information and application e-platform on which
other key e-Business systems and services will be designed and built.”

10 The Pitch document also described how an ERP system would “[attempt] to
integrate all departments and functions across a company onto a single
computer system that can serve all those different departments’ particular
needs” and “[automate] the tasks involved in performing a business process”
such that the process “moves like a bolt of lightning through the
organisation”.

11 Of Stratech, the Pitch document represented, amongst others, that it was
“well-positioned to be [Panasonic’s] e-Business strategy and technology
partner” and that it had “the knowledge and experience of its staff” that
would include “relevant experiences to address the needs of [Panasonic]”.

12 Panasonic accepted Stratech’s recommendation that there be an independent
consultancy study and paid Stratech the sum of $100,000 as the consultancy
fee. A month later, Stratech issued its “Enterprise Resource Planning
Consultancy Phase – Section 1: Schedule and Action Plan” dated 19 December
2000 (the “Consultancy Schedule”), which set out the process and timelines
under which the consultancy study was to take place. According to the
Consultancy Schedule, the initial phase of the consultancy study was for
Panasonic to provide written answers to the questionnaires supplied by
Stratech. This was to be followed with two on-site review phases by Stratech’s
personnel during which the accuracy and expectations of Stratech’s draft
proposal was to be ascertained. During this time, Stratech’s personnel would
be reviewing Panasonic’s business processes.

13 Consequent upon the consultancy study, Stratech issued a document entitled
“Enterprise Resource Planning Consultancy Phase – Section 2: Study Result &
Solution Proposal” (the “Solutions document”) on 1 February 2001. The
Solutions document stated that it was the result of intensive independent
study and discussion with various groups in Stratech. It also confirmed that
the selection of the JDE system for Panasonic was correct because of the ease
of integration with external systems and the availability of an internet
access option. In the Solutions document, Stratech also stated that it would
be able to customise the JDE system to meet Panasonic’s requirements. On 6
April 2001, Stratech made a presentation to Panasonic in which it summarised
its findings and recommendations as set out in the Solutions document. During
the presentation, Stratech gave Panasonic some slides and explanatory material
(the “Presentation document”).

14 According to Mr Sjarif, as Panasonic at that time had no reason to doubt
what Stratech said, it agreed to proceed on the basis of the Proposal. A
second proposal was provided to Panasonic towards the end of May 2001. At that
time Stratech proposed that the parties should enter into a formal contract,
the Services Agreement, and a draft of the same was sent to Mr Sjarif for his
review. Between May and November 2001, the parties negotiated the terms of the
Services Agreement. The original proposal was for the JDE system to deal only
with Panasonic’s finance and distribution requirements, but, as a result of
discussions in August 2001, it was subsequently agreed that modules for
Panasonic’s human resources and customer service management processes should
be provided as well. To the best of Mr Sjarif’s recollection, the Services
Agreement was eventually signed sometime in November 2001 but it was backdated
to 29 June 2001.

15 Eventually, the contract between the parties was evidenced by three
documents:

(1) the Services Agreement which sets out the substantive terms of the
contract and which provides for the implementation of two modules of the JDE
system;

(2) a Quotation, dated 16 November 2001, (the “Quotation”) which provides for
the addition of two further modules of the JDE system; and

(3) a revised project schedule, dated 12 June 2002, which extended the
deadline for Stratech’s implementation of the JDE system up to October 2002.

Under the Services Agreement, as amended by the Quotation, Stratech was to
provide, customise and implement four modules of the JDE system: Finance and
Distribution (“F&D module”), Purchase Sales & Inventory (“PSI module”),
Customer Service Management (“CSM module”) and Human Resource Management (“HRM
module”). The price payable by Panasonic for the F&D and PSI modules totalled
$1,988,000 and the price payable for the other two modules came to $788,000.
It can be seen that Stratech would be earning a substantial amount in respect
of its services to Panasonic.

16 The provision, customisation and implementation of the JDE system were
originally scheduled to commence on 19 November 2001 and to be completed in 41
weeks _ie_ by August 2002. In June 2002, however, Stratech asked for an
extension of two months in which to complete the project. The parties had a
meeting on 12 June 2002 during which this extension was discussed. According
to the minutes of the meeting produced by Stratech, Panasonic was informed
that Stratech required the extension because of the scope of the system
customisation. Stratech was asked why it had not been able to estimate the
scope of the system customisation earlier and it replied that this estimation
could only be carried out after the completion of the business analysis phase
and that had been completed only on 27 March 2002. Stratech confirmed that it
was willing to complete the project at no extra charge to Panasonic and
Panasonic then agreed that the deadline for completion could be postponed to
October 2002.

17 Completion did not take place in October 2002, however. At that stage only
the CSM module and the HRM module were put into operation. It should be noted
that these were not problem free and, in July 2003, it was remarked that there
were still on going issues with these modules. In the meantime, on 13 June
2003, an attempt was made for the JDE system to “go-live” _ie_ to test whether
the JDE system was able to function as an integrated processing system. During
this time, all four modules were supposed to run concurrently. However, in
Panasonic’s view, the go-live attempt was a failure:

(a) the entire JDE system ran extremely slowly, even though the JDE server was
working at full capacity. This suggested that the server was exposed to the
risk of crashing at any time.

(b) there were problems with the reports produced by the modules: consolidated
reports were inaccurate, and reports did not fit the designated fields on the
standard forms. The printing of reports also took place at the wrong branch
offices.

In Panasonic’s opinion, the performance of the JDE system did not meet the
promises that it would integrate Panasonic’s business processes almost
instantaneously and seamlessly. The go-live attempt was suspended after only
nine days when fears arose that the system would crash.

18 With respect to the CSM module, Panasonic had commenced utilising it in
early September 2002. In October 2002, however, problems were experienced with
it and these problems continued during the go-live period. As for the HRM
module, Panasonic contended that Stratech had made the decision to go-live on
or around 7 October 2002, despite unresolved issues relating to that module.
According to Panasonic, these unresolved issues had not been fully rectified
as late as September 2003.

19 After the failure to go-live, Stratech prepared a proposal for a second go-
live attempt. It suggested that the failure to go-live was caused by hardware
inadequacies. Panasonic then engaged PriceWaterhouseCoopers Indonesia (“PWC”),
an independent third party auditor, to evaluate and analyse: (1) the nature of
the problems with the implementation of the project; and (2) whether and how
these problems would be resolved. In PWC’s subsequent report, it estimated
that an additional US$400,000-US$600,000 worth of man-hours and
US$150,000-US$250,000 worth of hardware would be required to complete the
implementation of the JDE system.

20 At around the same time, Stratech furnished Panasonic with its “Proposal to
Re-test and Re-launch Finance and Distribution Module” dated 18 November 2003.
This proposal provided for further customisation of the JDE system and
Stratech said that it required an additional payment of $1,435,840 to complete
the system. Stratech also informed Panasonic that it must pay the balance of
the contract price due under the Services Agreement before Stratech would be
willing to conduct the re-test and re-launch of the JDE system. Panasonic made
this payment on 23 December 2003. Stratech, however, never re-commenced work
on the implementation of the JDE system. The parties gave conflicting reasons
as to why this was so and I will discuss these later.

The misrepresentation claim

21 Panasonic’s statement of claim sets out its claim for misrepresentation in
paras 34 to 38. These read as follows:

34\. Further and/or in the alternative, as set out in paragraphs 8 to 9 above,
[Stratech] had represented to [Panasonic], _inter alia_ , that it was able to
provide, implement and customise the JDE System which could:

a. retain and apply the existing data and information that was contained in
the Legacy System;

b. match and perform the function of the Legacy System;

c. integrate [Panasonic’s] customer service management, human resource
management, finance and distribution, and purchase sales and inventory
planning functions, under one system;

d. integrate the data and information from the various branch offices and the
head office of [Panasonic];

e. allow [Panasonic] to access information within the System in near real-time
and instantaneously; and/or

f. meet [Panasonic’s] requirements.

35\. [Stratech] further represented, _inter ali_ a, that:

a. it is a leading provider for e-Business infrastructure;

b. it is able to provide expertise and turnkey solutions to customers such as
[Panasonic]; and

c. it is staffed by employees who have knowledge and experience in
implementing the ERP system.

36\. In reliance of the aforesaid representations, [Panasonic] had been
induced into entering into the Services Agreement with [Stratech].

37\. However, the aforesaid representations were untrue, and [Stratech] was
unable to implement the JDE System and/or customise the JDE System in
accordance with its aforesaid representations.

38\. As a result of [Stratech’s] misrepresentations, [Panasonic] has suffered
damage and loss.

22 It should be noted that para 34 of the statement of claim repeated the
language of para 8 and that in para 8 the list of features of JDE system had
been preceded by the following sentences:

… [Stratech] recommended that [Panasonic] replace the Legacy System with the
ERP System, which is an integrated system that may be customized to
[Panasonic’s] specific needs. Pursuant to its recommendation, [Stratech]
represented to [Panasonic] that it would be able to provide, customise and
implement the ERP System based on J. D. Edwards OneWorld Xe software (the “JDE
System”), which could, amongst others:

23 Pursuant to a request made by Stratech, on 2 November 2007, Panasonic
furnished Stratech with further and better particulars of para 8 of the
statement of claim. Panasonic was asked questions relating to its allegation
under para 8 that Stratech had recommended that it replace the Legacy System
with an ERP system and that pursuant to this recommendation Stratech had
represented to Panasonic that it would be able to provide certain things. In
answer to these questions, Panasonic pleaded that “the
recommendation/representation” was made by Stratech in writing and identified
the written document as the Presentation document.

24 In its Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment no. 3), Stratech denied paras 8,
9, 34 and 35 of the statement of claim and averred that it had not made the
alleged or any representations to Panasonic. In any event, Stratech said it
had not made such representations with the intention of inducing Panasonic to
enter into the contract with it and that no damage to Panasonic was occasioned
by the alleged representations. It further invoked clauses 9.4 and 11.6 of the
Services Agreement which provided as follows:

9.4 ASIDE FROM THE PROVISIONS OF THIS AGREEMENT, STRATECH MAKES NO OTHER
REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTIES TO THE CUSTOMER PURSUANT TO THIS AGREEMENT.

11.6 Entire Agreement. This Agreement, together with the Schedules is the
complete and exclusive statement of the understandings [_sic_] of the parties,
and it supersedes and merges all prior proposals and understandings whether
oral or written, relating to the subject matter of this Agreement. This
Agreement may not be modified except in writing, signed by duly authorised
representatives of both parties, and expressly referring to this Agreement.

25 On the pleadings, accordingly, the issues that arise in relation to this
claim are as follows:

a. whether Stratech made misrepresentations to Panasonic;

b. if so, whether the representations induced Panasonic to enter into the
contract with Stratech;

c. whether clauses 9.4 and 11.6 of the Services Agreement apply so as to
protect Stratech from the consequences of any representations made during
negotiations; and

d. whether Panasonic suffered damage as a result of the misrepresentations.

It should be noted that some other misrepresentations were pleaded in paras 9
and 35 of the statement of claim but, in its closing submissions, Panasonic
did not place any reliance on those paragraphs and therefore I do not have to
deal with the matters pleaded therein.

**_Law relating to misrepresentation_**

26 Panasonic submitted that Stratech had a duty of care to it to ensure that
its representations were correct. This was because Stratech had held itself
out to Panasonic as a person having special knowledge and skill with the
intention of inducing Panasonic to enter into a contract with it. This
requirement of taking reasonable care to ensure that your representations to a
party with whom you wish to contract are true is a duty that will exist during
pre-contractual negotiations and will survive the making of the contract that
results from the negotiations (see _Esso Petroleum v Mardon_ [1976] 2 WLR 583
and _Hedley_ _Byrne & Co v Heller & Partners_ [1963] 2 All ER 575). It should
also be noted that a misrepresentation is a false statement of fact. A
statement of opinion may be regarded as a statement of fact if it can be
proved that a person who expressed the opinion did not hold it or could not,
as a reasonable man having his knowledge of the facts, honestly have held it.
Thus, if a person states his opinion as something which he does not in fact
believe, or which given the facts known to him he could not honestly hold, he
makes a false statement of fact (see _Chitty on Contracts_ , Vol. 1, General
Principles (2004, 29th Edition), paras 6004-6005).

27 Stratech did not dispute the above principles. It however drew to my
attention the following _dicta_ of Rajendran J in _Tan Chin Seng v Raffles
Town Club_ [2002] SGHC 278 at page 11:

Eulogistic commendation by a salesman of the wares that he touts is a common
and expected feature of the market place. Courts are therefore reluctant to
rescind contracts of sale merely on account of the exuberant and exaggerated
language employed by salesmen. This reluctance is reflected in the maxim “
_Caveat Emptor_ ” or “Buyer Beware”. When Chao Hick Tin J in _Bestland
Development Pte Ltd v Thasin Development Pte Ltd_ [unreported, 13 February
1991] described praise by a salesman promoting his goods as “a mater of
puffing and pushing” that did not amount to misrepresentation, Chao J was
recognizing this maxim.

It was Stratech’s position that the Presentation document relied on by
Panasonic was nothing more than “mere puffing and pushing”. Stratech did not
deny, however, that it was a person with special skills and knowledge in the
field of IT or that it owed a duty of care to Panasonic not to make
misrepresentations to it during the negotiation process.

28 It should also be noted that where a party is declaring an intention, that
declaration is not a representation as to the matter said to be intended,
because that belongs to the future and is not a matter of present or past
fact. See _Halsbury’s Laws of Singapore_ , Vol 18, (LexisNexis, 2004 Reissue,
2004) at para 240.352. _Halsbury’s_ also points out that whilst a statement of
intention involves a representation as to the existence of the intention which
is in itself a present fact, the difficulty of proving the non existence of
the intention diminishes the value of such representations.

**_Were there actionable misrepresentations?_**

29 The first point here was made by Stratech. It took the position that by its
answer to the further and better particulars requested, Panasonic had
identified the Presentation document as the source of all the
misrepresentations pleaded in paras 8 and 34 of the statement of claim and
Panasonic could, therefore, only refer to that document when seeking to prove
that the misrepresentations were made. Panasonic responded that the
Presentation document made clear that it was a summary of Stratech’s detailed
findings set out in sections 2.1 and 2.7 of the Solutions document. The
Solutions document was, according to Stratech (in the document itself), the
result of “several weeks of independent and intensive study of Panasonic’s
business”. Therefore, Panasonic argued, the Presentation document had to be
read together with the Solutions document and understood in the context of all
of the events that had occurred prior thereto.

30 It is true that in the section of the Presentation document entitled
“Conclusion”, Stratech referred to its study of the Legacy System and
reiterated that it had also provided a detailed “proposal on our
recommendation of the ways in which [Panasonic] can proceed to reach [its]
primary objective”. The Presentation document was a summary of the Solutions
document and Stratech had intended both to be read by Panasonic. It is
therefore strongly arguable that when in its further and better particulars
Panasonic referred to the Presentation document it was also referring to the
Solutions document. However, that is not the only basis on which to justify
references to evidence outside the Presentation document in order to establish
whether the representations were made.

31 It is important to remember the actual question that Stratech asked
Panasonic in relation to para 8 of the statement of claim and the actual
answer given by Panasonic. These are as follows:

3\.  _Under paragraph 8_

Of “… _Following the study, [Stratech] recommended that [Panasonic] replace
the Legacy System with the ERP System … Pursuant to its recommendation,
[Stratech] represented to [Panasonic] that it would be able to provide_ …”

_Request_

Please:-

a. State the person from [Stratech] who made the alleged
recommendation/representation.

_Answer_ :

[Panasonic] does not know the person from [Stratech] who made the alleged
recommendation.

b. Sate whether the recommendation/representation was in writing or orally.

_Answer:_

To the best of [Panasonic’s] knowledge and subject to further discovery and/or
interrogatories, the recommendation was made by [Stratech] in writing.

c. If in writing, please identify the document. If orally identify the person
in [Panasonic] who received the recommendation/representation.

_Answer_ :

The document is entitled “Enterprise Resource Planning Consultancy Phase”
dated 6 April 2001.

32 It can be seen that the request for further and better particulars was not
well drafted. If it was intended that each question applied to each of the
elements of the representation pleaded by Panasonic in para 8 of the statement
of claim, then the request should have been drafted in such a way as to make
this requirement clear. This was not done. As a result, it can be seen from
the answers that Panasonic gave to the request that it was dealing with the
questions in relation only to the recommendation that it replace the Legacy
System with an ERP system. In none of its answers does it make reference to
any of the components of the representation. It therefore does not assert that
the representation was contained only or mainly in the Presentation document.
From the Pleadings, it appears that Stratech accepted the answers given by
Panasonic and did not request it to elaborate on its particulars or assert
that the particulars given were inadequate. Accordingly, in my opinion,
Panasonic is not limited to the contents of the Presentation document in its
efforts to prove that the representation was made but can also rely on
documents to which the Presentation document had reference.

33 In its submissions, Panasonic referred to three documents that Stratech had
furnished Panasonic with during the negotiation process and contended that
together the statements in the documents amounted to a representation that
Stratech would be able to provide, customise and implement an ERP system based
on the JDE system software which had the features set out in paras 8 and 34 of
the statement of claim. In this judgment, I will refer mainly to those
portions of the documents that Panasonic highlighted in its submissions.

34 First, it referred to a letter dated 17 November 2000 from Stratech in
which it stated that it understood Panasonic’s intention to have:

… an ERP System that [would] bring together all its operating units dispersed
throughout the country [and] enable [Panasonic’s] management to achieve
integrated and complete visibility of the key performance indicators of the
company’s operations.

Then it referred to the consultancy study and the Presentation document and
asserted that the representations made in the Presentation document were based
on Stratech’s detailed findings set out in sections 2.1 to 2.7 of the
Solutions document issued on 1 February 2001.

35 Going through the Solutions document, Panasonic emphasised that in section
2.1, which was a summary of the contents of the document, Stratech had assured
it that Stratech’s recommendations in the Solution document were based on an
in-depth evaluation and selection methodology. Then section 2.2 (Current
System Overview) provided Stratech’s assessment of the Legacy System. Stratech
noted that it was important to Panasonic to be able to (i) relay its
customer’s needs to the manufacturers and (ii) provide logistics and support
services efficiently and effectively to its customers. Section 2.2 also set
out the flow of business in Panasonic, the existing IT infrastructure, and the
components of the Legacy System. Stratech had noted that there were 100
concurrent users of the Legacy System and it generated about 300 reports per
month.

36 Section 2.3 of the Solutions document contained Stratech’s recommendations.
It recommended that the business processes be changed from manual to
e-Business processes. It identified the core functions of Panasonic’s business
as sales/service, inventory/warehouse, marketing/planning, and financial
management. Stratech stated that its assessment was that Panasonic already had
fundamental IT infrastructure in place and therefore it did not anticipate a
massive network re-deployment of infrastructure in order to implement the ERP
system. However Stratech recommended that Panasonic should replace, and not
improve on, the Legacy System. It said:

Instead of spending the available resources on revamping the existing
enterprise system, we recommend [Panasonic] to partner with a reputable 3rd
party ERM system provider …

After assessing [Panasonic’s] core activities, we evaluated three reputable
ERM System software providers in the market, namely SAP, Oracle and [JDE].
Upon considering the various criteria discussed during the workshop, we
recommend [Panasonic] to adopt [JDE] as its Enterprise Resource Management
System …

Based on Panasonic’s core competencies, Stratech recommended that the JDE
system’s Logistic/Distribution Suite and Financial Suite should be
implemented. These were the F&D module and the PSI module.

37 The recommendations in the Solutions document were summarised in the
Presentation document. Panasonic emphasised that in the Solutions document it
was stated that Panasonic would, using an ERP system, obtain “an integrated,
near-real time instantaneous information accessibility system”. Mr Sjarif
testified that such a system would be an improvement on the Legacy System in
which information from the branches had to be consolidated by way of periodic
batch runs before the reports could be printed for management’s review. In the
Presentation document, Stratech stated:

Here we are proposing to lay a solid, concrete multi-adaptive type of system
that will cater to your current needs as well as to prepare for future
expansion program.

… This type of “Universe [_sic_] adaptor” is able to accept any power plugs
from all over the world as compare to the previous idea of an individual
adaptor for single purpose.

Likewise the solution that we are proposing is to be built [_sic_] a base
foundation that is strong and able to accept the old application, current new
application and future expansion needs.

38 Panasonic pointed out that from the Solutions document it was clear that
Stratech was aware of Panasonic’s unique requirements because Stratech sought
to address some (and not all of them) in the preliminary gap-fit analysis. It
said at Section 2.3 of the Solutions document:

… we understand that no two enterprises run their business exactly the way
[_i.e._ the way set up in the JDE System which had best-practices business
processes]. Hence, a preliminary gap/fit analysis has been performed to
address some of [Panasonic]’s unique requirements. These requirements, if
[_sic_] cannot be addressed by the standard functions, will either be manual
processes or a [_sic_] custom built features.

39 Panasonic then briefly described the remaining sections of the Solutions
document as being the proposed implementation plan (Section 2.4), pricing
proposal (Section 2.5), proposed project team (Section 2.6), the sample
Services Agreement (Section 2.7) and the hardware to be procured (Section
2.8). It ended off its submission on this point by contending that, together,
all the statements it had referred to amounted to the representation in paras
8 and 34 of the statement of claim.

40 In its response, Stratech dealt with the questions that it had put to Mr
Sjarif in cross-examination. It had asked him to co-relate the specific
representations that had been pleaded with statements in the Presentation
document. It submitted that he had not been able to do this and gave various
examples. It noted that in relation to the assertion that the JDE system would
be able to “retain and apply the existing data and information in the Legacy
System”, Mr Sjarif pointed to the statement “Here we are proposing to lay a
solid, concrete multi-adaptive type of system that will cater to your current
needs as well as to prepare for future expansion program”. Then in relation to
the assertion that it would “match and perform the functions of the Legacy
System”, he said this was what was meant by “concrete multi-adaptive type of
system”. In relation to the alleged representation that the system would
“integrate the data and information from the various branch offices and the
head office of [Panasonic]”, Mr Sjarif said that this came from the following
statements in the Presentation document:

“proposed solution” whether it’s timeline in a project, which is basically
integrated support, automated support, enable supply chain and everything.

What we are proposing here to you here is to enhance the current situation and
provide you with the state of the art instrument that you will be equipped
with, to meet your challenges daily.

As for the assertion that the system would “allow [Panasonic] to access
information within the System in near real time and instantaneously”, Mr
Sjarif said that came from the part of the document that stated “What you will
get is an integrated, near real time, instantaneous information accessibility
system that will be able to provide you with the ammunition that you can face
the challenges in the market”.

41 Overall, Stratech submitted, Panasonic had not been able to substantiate
its allegations in relation to the misrepresentation by reference to specific
language in the Presentation document. It was not clear how the references in
the Presentation document that Mr Sjarif had cited co-related to the alleged
representation. Further, the Presentation document was nothing more than mere
puff and pushing and could not be relied on as misrepresentations of fact.

42 The Solutions document and the Presentation document are two of the most
badly written documents that I have read. Not only do they contain elementary
grammatical mistakes (which are obvious in the extracts I have quoted) but
they are full of jargon and bad analogies and whole portions of them
(particularly the Solutions document) make very little sense. Substantial
sections of the Solutions document deal with the so called advantages of
e-Business and e-Business solutions and have little to do with Panasonic’s
specific problems and must have been standard issue for Stratech
presentations. There is a lot of puff in both documents and there are very few
definite assertions that any party can cling on to. Stratech’s aim was to put
forward the most rosy and positive picture to support the course it wanted the
customer to take. Overall, the Solutions document and the Presentation
document are a mixture of puff and intentions on the part of Stratech.

43 I think that actually Panasonic recognised the essential nature of these
documents. This is shown by the fact that the representation that Panasonic
has pleaded is a representation that Stratech “would” be able to create an ERP
system (based on the JDE system) which would be able to do certain things.
Panasonic did not plead that it had been represented that there was a system
that actually existed that could do those things. As a representation that
Stratech would be able to achieve certain things, the representation was a
representation as to intention and future performance. It was not a
representation of fact and, to that extent, I consider that Panasonic’s claim
for misrepresentation is misconceived although I sympathise with Panasonic’s
anger at being sold something that was not eventually delivered. It must also
be said that para 37 of the statement of claim, in which Panasonic alleged
that the representations were untrue and that Stratech was not able to
implement the JDE system or customise it as it had stated it would, appears to
be more of a claim for breach of contract rather than for a claim for
misrepresentation. Panasonic should, if its purpose was to contend that
Stratech did not from the beginning have the ability to do the work that it
said it was capable of, have given proper particulars of Stratech’s inadequacy
for the task. No such particulars were given and these allegations and the
evidence that was said to support them appeared only in the closing
submissions. That was too late. In any case, there was little evidence that
Stratech would not have been able to finish the job eventually. The PWC report
thought it could be done provided additional manpower and hardware were
provided.

44 The kind of statements made by Stratech in the Solutions document and the
Presentation document were statements on matters and intentions that could
have been included in the Services Agreement as specifications of the system
to be provided thereunder. During the negotiations Panasonic could have
requested that these specifications be included in the contract. To the extent
that they did so, these pre-contractual expressions of Stratech’s intentions
and abilities became contractual terms and, if they were not fulfilled,
Panasonic can make a claim based on breach of contract. In this case, the
negotiations for the contract took several months and even though the contract
was drafted by Stratech, there was nothing to prevent Panasonic from putting
forward all the contractual terms it wanted included in the contract. It is
worth emphasising that the parties were negotiating from positions of
equivalent strength and did so at arm’s length. They were both commercial
enterprises and had the financial ability to obtain legal advice. That not all
the things that Stratech said it would deliver were reflected in the eventual
contract cannot by itself convert such statements of intention into statements
of fact. It should also be noted, as would be seen from the clauses of the
Services Agreement (some of which are quoted in [48] and [49] below) that
quite a number of the matters that Stratech said it would do, did in fact take
shape as terms of the contract.

45 In any case, bearing in mind the nature of the statements made, to the
extent that they were not included as contractual terms, they would be
excluded as terms upon which Panasonic could rely by the operation of clauses
9.4 and 11.6. These clauses are “whole agreement” clauses and they have merged
any promises or assurances made in the course of negotiation so that the same
have no contractual force save in so far as they are reflected and given
effect to in the Services Agreement. In _Lee Chee Wei v Tan Hor Peow Victor_
[2007] 3 SLR 357, the Court of Appeal cited with approval the following
statement on the purpose and effect of an entire agreement clause made by
Gavin Lightman J in _Inntrepreneur Pub Co v East Crown Ltd_ [2000] 2 Lloyd’s
Rep 611 (at 614):

The purpose of an entire agreement clause is to preclude a party to a written
agreement from threshing through the undergrowth and finding, in the course of
negotiations, some (chance) remark or statement (often long-forgotten or
difficult to recall or explain) upon which to found a claim, such as the
present, to the existence of a collateral warranty. The entire agreement
clause obviates the occasion for any such search and the peril to the
contracting parties posed by the need that may arise in its absence to conduct
such a search. For such a clause constitutes a binding agreement between the
parties that the full contractual terms are to be found in the document
containing the clause and not elsewhere, and that, accordingly, any promises
or assurances made in the course of the negotiations (which, in the absence of
such a clause, might have effect as a collateral warranty) shall have no
contractual force, save in so far as they are reflected and given effect in
that document.

… [T]he formula used is abbreviated to an acknowledgement by the parties that
the agreement constitutes the entire agreement between them. That formula is,
in my judgment, amply sufficient to constitute an agreement that the full
contractual terms to which the parties agreed to bind themselves are to be
found in the agreement and nowhere else. That can be the only purpose of the
provision.

46 Whilst in this case the statements that Panasonic seeks to rely on were not
chance remarks, the explanation that Lightman J gave as to the purpose of the
entire agreement clause applies equally here. This clause makes it clear to
both parties that their obligations are contained entirely within the bounds
of the written agreement and that they should put everything that they want to
have contractual force into the agreement and not rely on anything that was
said before the contract was concluded as being binding. I agree entirely with
Tay Yong Kwang J’s observations in _IBM Singapore Pte Ltd v UNIG Pte Ltd_
[2003] SGHC 71 that such clauses ensure that the contractual relationship
between the parties would be circumscribed by the signed agreements and those
alone. Panasonic argued that entire agreement clauses could not operate so as
to release one party from the effects of having made an actionable
misrepresentation. I think that that argument is a strong one although the
issue has not yet been definitely decided. In this case however, it does not
apply as I have found that the statements were not statements of fact and thus
not capable of being actionable misrepresentations. In view of my findings
aforesaid, I need not deal with the issues of inducement and damage either.

The claim for breach of contract

47 In order to consider the claim for breach of contract, it is necessary to
go into the provisions of the contract in some detail.

48 Under clause 2.1 of the Services Agreement, Stratech is obliged to provide
the services set out in Schedule 1 thereof:

… STRATECH hereby agrees to render the Services as described in Schedule 1 –
Services in order to implement the System.

“Services” is defined in Schedule 1 as follows:

Stratech agrees to provide the services as stated below to implement the
System, including without limitation the procurement and supply (at no extra
cost to [Panasonic] of all necessary hardware and software (including all
requisite licenses), installation, customisation and testing of the System
together with all project management and training identified and agreed with
[Panasonic] in connection with the implementation of the System (hereafter the
“Services”). Without limiting the foregoing, the Services shall include the
following …”

49 Some of the services listed in paras 1 and 2 of Schedule 1 are to:

a. derive the as-is and to-be business processes of Panasonic (paras 1(b) and
(c));

b. perform gap/fit analysis against the JDE system (para 1(d));

c. configure/customise the JDE system to deliver the to-be business processes
(para 1(e));

d. perform data cleansing and migration (para 1(h));

e. deploy the new JDE system to a maximum of 30 branches of Panasonic in
Indonesia (para 1(i));

f. cut-over to the new JDE system (para 1(k));

g. provide management services which include preparation management, execution
management, control and quality assurance, and termination management (para
2(d));

h. provide analysis services for the business processes relevant to the
selection software modules (para 2(e));

i. provide configuration services to map standard business processes to the
JDE system (para 2(f));

j. provide customisation services to fit non-standard business processes to
the JDE system (para 2(g));

k. deploy the JDE system to all branches that are directly affiliated with
Panasonic (para 2(m)); and

l. provide the deliverables as specified in Schedule 4 (para 2(o)).

50 Schedule 4 lists the following as being “deliverables” due from Stratech:

> > **Phases**

|

> > > **Deliverables**  
  
---|---  
Project Initiation + Deploy Hwd/Swd |  – Project Scope Document – Project Gnatt Chart & WBS – Sign-off Scope and Schedule  
Project Team Training + Basic Config |  – Training Manual – Sign-off of Training Completion  
Business Process Analysis |  – Technical specification Documentation – Sign-off Technical specifications  
Configuration/Customisation |  – Configuration Documentation – Sign-off of Configuration and Training Materials  
Module/Integrated Level Testing |  – Test Scripts & Results – Sign-off of Testing Results  
CRP/User Acceptance Testing |  – CRP/UA Scripts & Results – Sign-off of User Acceptance Testing  
Data Cleansing/Migration + Rollout |  – Go-Live/Contingency Plan – After-Live Support Plan – Approval to Go-Live  
Warranty support period (3 months) |  – Issue Logs and Resolutions – Overall Project Sign-off  
  
51 Stratech was also obliged under clause 2.2 of the Services Agreement to
“ensure that the System meets the Technical Specifications as set out in
Schedule 2”.

52 Schedule 2 provides that:

The “System” means the configured enterprise resource planning system
customised to meet the requirements of [Panasonic’s] business processes to the
satisfaction of [Panasonic], including without limitation, the hardware,
software and software licenses provided hereunder.

The “Technical Specifications” of the System are those specifications
determined by and mutually agreed to by [Panasonic] and Stratech following
analysis and review of [Panasonic’s] existing business processes and the
requisite work required to the selected ERP software package to perform
[Panasonic’s] business processes.

53 Additionally clause 3.1 of the Services Agreement required Stratech to
“provid[e] the Services and ensur[e] compliance with the Technical
Specifications in relation to the implementation of the System”.

54 Under the original schedule, Stratech was required to procure partial
acceptance of the JDE system before the end of June 2002. It was not able to
do so. In June 2004, it informed Panasonic that the customisation of the
modules for the JDE system would take much longer than expected. It therefore
recommended that there be an extension of time to October 2002. Panasonic
agreed to this extension and the Services Agreement was amended by a Revised
Project Schedule executed on 20 June 2002.

**_Breach of Clauses 2.1, 2.2 and 3.1_**

55 Panasonic’s submission was that Stratech had failed to successfully launch
the F&D module and the PSI module and had thereby breached its obligations
under the captioned clauses. It submitted that the attempt to go-live in
respect of these modules that was made in June 2003 had failed and this
failure had never been overcome. Stratech had therefore most certainly failed
to provide the assistance which met the Technical Specifications as required
under clause 2.2 and had failed to provide the Services under clause 2.1 in
order to implement the JDE system. Further, or alternatively, Stratech had
breached its obligation under clause 3.1 to be responsible for all appropriate
performance perimeters in all other input and related matters proposed by
Stratech in relation to the JDE system.

56 Panasonic noted that in cross-examination, Ms Leong Sook Ching, the
Executive Director of Stratech (and the wife of Dr Chew), had agreed that the
system to be delivered under the Services Agreement was intended to allow
Panasonic to receive information in real time and to have the four modules
working seamlessly with one another in an integrated fashion. She also agreed
that, even assuming that the CSM module had been fully completed and delivered
as at June 2003, due to the nature of the JDE system, errors in the F&D module
would cause errors in CSM module. Ms Leong admitted that whilst the JDE system
was supposed to allow Panasonic to communicate on a real time basis with its
branches from its headquarters, the JDE system was not capable of doing that
in June 2003. She said at that time the JDE system was slow, there were
outstanding issues and Stratech therefore did not recommend going live in June
2003. Panasonic submitted that Ms Leong was not able to give a coherent answer
when asked whether or not the JDE system as a whole, could do what it was
supposed to do. All that could be said by her was that two out of the four
modules had been completed. However, Panasonic submitted that discrete
delivery of the HRM module and the CSM module did not assist Stratech as the
JDE system to be delivered was to be an integrated system. In any event, the
Project Delivery Note dated 15 July 2003, which had been signed by Stratech
and Panasonic, noted that although those modules had gone live from 12 October
2002, “[t]he project team is still resolving the on-going issues”.

57 On the CSM module, it was submitted, Ms Leong had agreed that there were
errors in print-outs from this module in 2003. She had therefore confirmed
that the CSM module was not operating properly in 2003. In relation to the HRM
module, Panasonic relied on the evidence of its witness Ms Revianty, a
Resources Supervisor, that the on-going issues with that module were not
resolved after October 2002 and remained in existence up to the time that
Stratech abandoned the project in 2003. Her evidence that she was still adding
unresolved issues to her list of issues as late as September 2003 had gone
unchallenged by Stratech.

58 Responding to Panasonic’s case, Stratech agreed that the function of an ERP
system was to integrate all the departments and functions in a company onto a
single computer system that could serve all the particular needs of the
different departments. Each of those departments would typically have its own
computer system optimised for the particular way in which the department did
its work. The ERP system would be able to combine them all into a single
integrated software programme that ran off a single database so that the
various departments would be more easily able to share information and
communicate with each other.

59 Stratech’s stand was that it had only proposed a standard JDE system for
Panasonic and that it had informed Panasonic as early as 24 May 2001 that
without what it called “detail scoping outcome” which would be obtained during
the “define phase of the implementation”, it would be difficult to forecast
the duration of the project and that its schedule was an estimate based on a
reasonable level of customisation. As an aside, I do not understand what
Stratech meant by “detail scoping outcome” and “define phase” and would be
surprised if Panasonic did either. As a warning of the difficulty of
implementing the project within a defined time period, it appears to me that
Stratech’s statement was lacking in clarity and specificity. Whether that was
intended or accidental is impossible to discern. In any case, Stratech had
agreed to a time schedule and could easily have proposed a longer timeline had
it thought one necessary.

60 Stratech also pointed out that in the same document dated 24 May 2001, it
had highlighted the importance of customisation and had advised Panasonic that
customisation was one of the key factors that caused most ERP deployments to
fail. In Stratech’s view, the customisation process was critical to its case
because customisation was the root cause of the abandonment of the go-live
attempts for the F&D module and the PSI module. It pointed out that Schedule 2
of the Agreement had stated that the “Technical Specifications” of the System
were those specifications determined by and agreed to by both parties
following analysis and review of Panasonic’s existing business processes. It
further said in December 2000 it had provided certain questionnaires to
Panasonic and that it depended on the accuracy and comprehensiveness of the
answers to those questions to make an assessment of Panasonic’s organisation.
The quotation given to Panasonic was based on those replies. The replies were
also critical as they were essential to determine Panasonic’s requirements
upon which Stratech’s proposal was based.

61 It is not necessary for me to reproduce Stratech’s submissions in full.
What I have set out above gives a flavour of the stand that Stratech took. Its
position basically was that it was not responsible for the failure of the JDE
system in June 2003 because the problems that arose in the implementation of
the same were due to matters that were Panasonic’s responsibility and/or were
due to the amount of customisation required. In relation to customisation,
Stratech blamed Panasonic for not giving it adequate information on which it
could make a proper assessment of the work required. It also asserted that
from time to time Panasonic had asked for more and more customisation to be
done. In April 2002, it found that due to additional requirements by Panasonic
the amount of customisation required was very large and not covered by the
initial quotation and plan. For reasons of goodwill however, it agreed to
implement the changes at no extra cost. In August 2002, Panasonic requested
further report customisation that it had not previously intimated it required.
In mid October 2002, Panasonic also required customised reports for Accounts
Receivable and Statement of Account Reports. They wanted exactly the same
thing as they had then in the Legacy System. These add-ons disturbed the
customisation process and caused delay to the pre-live testing for the FDI
module.

62 Stratech submitted that the answers given to the questionnaires were
incomplete. Based on Panasonic’s responses, Stratech had taken the view that
Panasonic did not require a complex ERP system. It also used these answers to
assess the hardware required and determine a system that would meet
Panasonic’s requirements. On this basis, Stratech had determined that the
hardware needed was only that required for the deployment of a standard ERP
system. Stratech submitted that there had been concerns whether Panasonic’s
technical team and its network infrastructure were capable of supporting the
ERP system. It pointed out that it was not responsible for the network
infrastructure.

63 The changes in the customisation requirements also resulted in over
utilisation of the enterprise servers’ CPUs as they were originally intended
for a standard customisation and standard ERP deployment. There was at one
stage a virus infection of Panasonic’s e-mail server and this caused a two
week delay. Under clause 4.1 of the Services Agreement, responsibility for the
proper functioning of the computer servers lay with Panasonic and therefore
Panasonic was responsible for this delay and the further delay that took place
in September 2002. According to Stratech, the latter delay was due to improper
grounding of the servers which resulted in damage being sustained when there
was a power failure.

64 In relation to the above contentions, Stratech relied not on the evidence
of Ms Leong or Dr Chew (it would have been hard put to so since neither of
them was personally involved in the implementation) but on reports it said had
been furnished by its project manager at Panasonic’s premises. This project
manager, one Mr Jain, did not give evidence in court nor did any one else from
Stratech’s technical team. Allegations that delays were also caused by
additional testing requirements by Panasonic, lack of staff from Panasonic to
assist, more requests for further customisation and slowness in the data
migration process that Panasonic was responsible for, were all based on such
reports from the project manager. In addition, Mr Jain was alleged to have
advised in April 2003 that there was a need to upgrade the enterprise server
and/or terminal server. There were also, allegedly, manpower difficulties due
to the SARs outbreak in 2003.

65 According to Stratech’s analysis, the problem with the JDE system was its
incapacity to handle the number of modules being run together. It was not
correct to contend that the failure of the entire JDE system to go live arose
because Stratech was not competent in its customisation process. Stratech was
able to customise the HRM module and the CSM module and these two modules had
gone live and ran well. The CSM module had only operated slowly when the
attempt to run it together with the PSI module and the F&D module was made in
June 2003. When it was decoupled from the PSI module, it had recovered its
normal speed. According to Stratech, implementation of the first two modules
showed that it had the ability to customise the later two modules as well.

66 To buttress its case, Stratech relied on the evidence of one Mr Khoh Chih
Jeun, whom it called as an expert witness. Mr Khoh attributed the problem of
going live to “scope creep” He explained that “scope creep” was a term used in
IT project management to describe uncontrolled changes to a project’s scope.
Mr Khoh said there was scope creep at two points during implementation of the
project:

(a) The inclusion of new functional requirements on 16 August 2002, 4 months
after the business analysis phase was concluded; and

(b) additional automation amounting to 120 man-days after the completion of
the user acceptance test in Oct 2002.

67 In Mr Khoh’s opinion, the scope creep was significant and put a strain on
the infrastructure which was intended for a smaller scope of work. Mr Khoh
said that prior to the implementation, Stratech had purchased the servers on
the assumption that they would meet the minimal operating requirements of the
original design. The additional processing and reporting required an increase
in software and hardware capacity. In Mr Khoh’s opinion, the failure to make
this available contributed to the high CPU utilisation and frequent “system
timeout” noted in the production deployment in June 2003. Stratech submitted
this view was supported by the fact that in July 2003 it was noted that the
go-live had been postponed whilst some technical issues were being resolved
and the hardware was being upgraded.

68 In my judgment, Stratech had failed to prove its defence that the failure
of the JDE system to function in the contractually agreed manner was due in
any way to the default of Panasonic, whether by reason of scope creep or the
lack of adequate infrastructure or in any other way.

69 I have come to this conclusion because Stratech failed to adduce admissible
evidence of what happened in Jakarta and therefore is unable to prove its
allegations against Panasonic. As I have remarked earlier, its only witnesses
were Dr Chew and Ms Leong who were not on site and had no personal knowledge
of how the implementation was effected. All the documents that Stratech relied
on as to what had happened were prepared by Mr Jain and/or Stratech’s project
team members under Mr Jain‘s supervision. None of these persons testified in
court. Without the maker of the documents present to give evidence, none of
the documents were admissible. Stratech did not explain why it did not call
the makers of the documents. Nor did it seek to adduce evidence to
substantiate any argument that any of the exceptions in s 32 of the Evidence
Act (Cap 97, 1997 Rev Ed) applied so as to permit the admission of the
documents. It was Ms Leong’s evidence that the document called the Internal
Issues Log, one of the major documents relied on, was a special document
prepared specifically for the project. The inference from this evidence is
plain: that document and others of similar nature were not prepared in the
ordinary course of business. Thus, the most likely exception to the hearsay
rule did not apply in this case. In any event, Stratech did not attempt to
argue that its documents were admissible under s 32(b) of the Evidence Act.

70 In the course of cross-examination, Ms Leong informed the court that her
knowledge of the operational matters in her affidavit was based on weekly
project meetings of Stratech’s operations department which she chaired between
2001 and 2006. During those meetings, Ms Leong was furnished with reports on
the status of the project that had been prepared by Mr Jain. Of course,
notwithstanding her chairing the meetings, Ms Leong’s knowledge was still
hearsay. In addition, however, neither the minutes of the meetings nor any of
the project reports were adduced as evidence despite Panasonic’s request for
the same. As Panasonic pointed out, Stratech had also failed to disclose other
relevant documents. Among these were the stress test results, the covering
e-mail attached to Mr Jain’s project reports, and the business analysis
reports for the F&D, PSI and CSM modules. The expert Mr Khoh was shown these
reports but they were not annexed to his report nor disclosed in the
proceedings.

71 Panasonic submitted that I should draw an adverse inference against
Stratech, pursuant to s 116(g) of the Evidence Act, in respect of its non-
disclosure of documents. It pointed out that two of the important ingredients
of Stratech’s defence were its allegations that (i) Panasonic failed to inform
Stratech of its requirements during the business process analysis, thereby
affecting the customisation of the JDE system, and (ii) Panasonic requested
more customisation than what it had originally agreed to. Yet Stratech did not
produce the business analysis reports for the relevant modules to prove its
case. During cross-examination, Ms Leong tried to excuse the failure as mere
oversights by her or Stratech’s legal department. I am, however, satisfied
from the evidence that Stratech was dilatory and partial in complying with its
discovery obligations. I am therefore prepared to draw the inference that the
documents that were not disclosed would aversely affect Stratech’s case and
support Panasonic’s instead.

72 I am also unable to place much weight on Mr Khoh’s evidence. Some of what
he said was drawing conclusions which should have been drawn by the court in
its fact finding role. That I am unable to do so speaks more for the lack of
evidence than for the lack of expertise. It does not appear to me that “scope
creep” is a technical IT matter that lay people cannot understand and require
an expert to pontificate on. What Mr Khoh was doing, in at least part of his
report, was simply reading Stratech’s reports, taking them at face value, and
commenting on them. Whether there was scope creep or not was a question of
fact which was not for Mr Khoh to assess, especially on the basis of hearsay.
The court, if the requisite evidence was tendered, would, with the benefit of
cross-examination, be the right body to determine whether or not scope creep
actually existed in this case.

73 In any case, Mr Khoh stated in court that crucial documents were not made
available to him. He accepted that Stratech had, or should have had, almost
all of these documents. Thus his report, as Panasonic submitted, was made
without the benefit of the full facts of the case. It is also significant that
one of the documents that Mr Khoh was not given was the Services Agreement. He
agreed that that document was relevant for the purposes of his report. He had
asked Stratech for it but he never saw it and therefore in the end his report
was produced without his being aware of the exact liabilities and obligations
of each of the parties under the Services Agreement. Without sight of this
contract, it was impossible for Mr Khoh to comment properly on each party’s
obligations in respect of the project. Whilst I note that in the re-
examination, Mr Khoh retracted his earlier assertion that he had not seen the
Services Agreement, not much weight can be placed on the retraction since he
then went on to say that the Services Agreement “did not really register to
[him]” because it had very little impact on his assessment since it did not
contain technical details. It might not have contained such details but it did
outline each party’s responsibilities and this was very relevant to Mr Khoh’s
enquiry. As regards Mr Khoh’s comments regarding the inability of the hardware
infrastructure to support the JDE system, I accept Panasonic’s submission that
responsibility for this must be borne by Stratech who had made the
recommendations for the hardware and from whom the hardware was purchased
under the Services Agreement. Mr Khoh himself agreed that the party who made
the recommendations must assume responsibility for the same.

74 Next, many of Mr Khoh’s findings were made without identifying the specific
documents he had relied on. He admitted that the documents he relied on may
not have been attached to his report. Thus, it is difficult to precisely
determine the value of his report. Further, Mr Khoh agreed that there were
limitations on what information was made available to him and therefore that
his report was based only on what he had. Accordingly, the probative value of
Mr Khoh’s report and his conclusions are equally limited.

75 I have therefore concluded that Panasonic has proved that the failure in
performance of the JDE system in June 2003 was due to Stratech’s default and
that Stratech has not been able to provide a legally viable excuse for such
failure. It follows also that Stratech has not been able to prove its
counterclaim.

Mitigation

76 In its defence, Stratech pleaded that if indeed it had been in breach of
contract, then Panasonic was not entitled to claim damages for the breach
because it had failed to take action to mitigate its loss. This assertion was
not, however, supported by particulars and was hardly adverted to in
Stratech’s closing submissions. Accordingly, I do not have to deal with this
issue in too much detail.

77 It is however necessary to mention Panasonic’s position on mitigation. It
argued that its negotiations with Stratech after the failure of the JDE system
to launch successfully on 13 June 2003 were attempts by it to mitigate its
losses.

78 What happened was that upon the failure of the launch of the F&D module and
the PSI module, Panasonic immediately reverted to the Legacy System. This was
to ensure that there was no disruption to its business processes which might
caused further loss. It also employed PWC to assess the state of the project
and give its assessment as to whether Panasonic should continue the project
with Stratech. PWC’s report was issued in December 2003. According to Mr
Sjarif, Panasonic wanted Stratech to complete the project but thought it
prudent to engage a third party to confirm whether this was possible. In the
event, PWC concluded that successful implementation by Stratech was still
possible although certain conditions had to be met in order to achieve this.

79 Based on PWC’s findings, Panasonic discussed with Stratech how the matter
could be proceeded with and the project completed. Stratech then informed
Panasonic that it required Panasonic to make payment under the Services
Agreement for the system roll out (_ie_ the attempt to go live) as well as for
the warranty support payment. It also wanted further money, quite apart from
the contract price agreed under the Services Agreement, as a payment for the
re-launch of the F&D module. Mr Sjarif testified that Panasonic considered
that it would make more financial sense to complete the project with the same
consultants rather than to call in new contractors. Accordingly, Panasonic
paid the balance amount due under the Services Agreement upon receipt of a
letter from Dr Chew dated 23 December 2003 in which he said:

This is to confirm that upon receipt of [Panasonic]’s payment of all our
outstanding invoices, we will continue with the JDE ERP project in the re-
testing and relaunching of the Finance and Distribution Module as discussed
with [Panasonic]’s Management.

80 Thereafter, however, Stratech did not go back to work on the project and
the JDE system was never re-launched by it. Stratech’s reason for this was
that Panasonic did not comply with the payment terms in respect of the
additional work for the re-launching. What had happened was that Stratech
insisted that Panasonic establish a letter of credit in its favour for the
amount that would fall due. Panasonic refused to do this because the
requirement for a letter of credit was not raised until after Panasonic’s
payment pursuant to the 23 December 2003 letter. In court, Dr Chew admitted
this timing. He sought to brush it aside by arguing that a payment milestone
had to be distinguished from a payment method. After Panasonic refused to
establish the letter of credit, Stratech in turn refused to negotiate further
with Panasonic.

81 Panasonic contended that these facts indicated that Stratech did not
negotiate in good faith. It had never had any real intention of completing the
project. It made the promise to continue the project so that Panasonic would
pay it the rest of the contract price due under the Services Agreement. I
accept this contention. Stratech did not behave in a proper manner. It was
trying to obtain the maximum benefit for itself from a bad situation to which
it had been the main contributory. Given Stratech’s unreasonable conduct, it
cannot allege that Panasonic did not try to mitigate its losses.

82 Stratech argued that Panasonic took the view that it shared responsibility
for the failure of the project because Panasonic had paid the balance due
under the Services Agreement and, in the course of negotiations with Stratech
for the re-launch of the project, had offered to share the costs of the same.
This argument cannot be accepted. Whatever views Panasonic might have had as
to the cause of the failure, it was reasonable for it to try and reduce its
losses by getting Stratech to complete the project, even to the extent of
agreeing to pay for a portion of the cost thereof. Secondly, Stratech could
not establish that Panasonic was responsible for the failure only by making
such an argument. It had to prove the facts that established its assertion and
this it did not do. Thirdly, Panasonic’s position was that it had not
“offered” to share the costs of re-launching the project; what it had done was
to demand that Stratech undertake half of such costs instead of billing all of
them to Panasonic.

Damages

83 In para 22A of its Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No 3), Stratech
pleaded that even if Panasonic had suffered any loss or damage, such loss or
damage was limited to the amount specified in clauses 9.2 and 9.3 of the
Services Agreement. These clauses provide as follows:

9 **INDEMNITY**

…

9.2 EXCEPT FOR CLAIMS OF INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY INFRINGEMENT OR BREACH OF
CONFIDENTIALITY OBLIGATIONS, IN NO EVENT SHALL STRATECH BE LIABLE TO THE OTHER
FOR CONSEQUENTIAL, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES, LOSSES,
CHARGES AND/OR OTHER EXPENSES OF WHATSOEVER NATURE ARISING FROM ANY CLAIM OR
ACTION HOWSOEVER, INCLUDING DIRECT, INDIRECT, JOINT, SEVERAL, ACTUAL,
CONTINGENT OR OTHERWISE, EVEN IF STRATECH HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY
OF SUCH DAMAGES.

9.3 IF STRATECH SHALL BE FOUND LIABLE IN DAMAGES UNDER THIS AGREEMENT, UNDER
NO CIRCUMSTANCES SHALL STRATECH BE LIABLE TO THE CUSTOMER FOR ANY AMOUNT IN
EXCESS OF THE AMOUNT OF FEES PAID TO STRATECH FOR THE AMOUNT OF THE SERVICES
PROVIDED PURSUANT TO SCHEDULE 3, SECTION 1 (_ie_ S$1,268,000).

84 In its closing submissions, Stratech argued that not only did clause 9.3
apply but that the limit of $1,268,000 stated in the clause was inapplicable
because of the circumstances that took place in December 2003. It argued that
then, the parties expressly agreed that the cost of completing the
implementation of the F&D module would be $1,171,500 and that each party was
to bear this sum on an equal basis, _ie_ , $585,750. In Stratech’s view, this
agreement limited Stratech’s liability for any damage up to the sum of
$585,750. As this amount was specifically agreed to by the parties as the
amount required to remedy the defects, this limitation must prevail over
clause 9.3 of the Services Agreement. I cannot accept this limitation. Under
clause 11.6 of the Services Agreement, that document cannot be modified except
in writing signed by both parties which expressly referred to the Services
Agreement. No such agreement was reached after the failure to go live in 2003
and thus, as Panasonic submitted, there could be no new limitation of $585,750
imposed on the parties. In any case, the limitation clause which was drafted
by Stratech for its own benefit must be read strictly and it is clear that
that clause related to the original fees payable and not to additional fees
accruing for extra work.

85 Stratech’s other argument was that at the most the amount of damages
payable was limited to $1,268,000 because that was the amount specified in
clause 9.3. Panasonic’s response was that the correct limit that should be
applied would be the sum representing the amount of services provided under
the Services Agreement, _ie_ , $1,268,000 + $562,000. The figure of $1,268,000
represented only the services provided for the F&D module and the PSI module.
The figure of $562,000 was the figure agreed to under the Quotation as payment
for the HRM module and the CSM module. The parties had agreed that the
Quotation would be incorporated as an addendum to the Services Agreement and
that the Services Agreement had to be amended accordingly to take it into
account. Therefore, clause 9.3 had to be read as including the provision of
additional services and the amount of fees payable therefore. I accept this
argument.

86 I hold therefore that Panasonic is entitled to claim whatever damages it
can prove it has sustained by reason of Stratech’s breach up to the amount of
$1,830,000 being the total cost of the services to be provided by Stratech
(for all four modules) under the Services Agreement, plus interest.

87 Panasonic put in an alternative argument. This was Stratech’s failure to
implement and deliver the JDE system amounted to a total failure of
consideration and that it was therefore entitled to seek re-payment of all
moneys paid under and pursuant to the Services Agreement. Stratech’s reply to
that was that Panasonic had not pleaded this claim. Panasonic sought to meet
that argument by stating that it had pleaded all the facts necessary to
establish the claim and the consequence of establishing the claim by the
evidence adduced in court was a legal consequence that did not need to be
pleaded. In my judgment, Stratech’s objection is well-founded. Parties are
required to plead the relief that they are seeking to obtain from the court.
Panasonic’s claim was for damages to be assessed. It was not a claim for
refund of payments made on the basis of a total failure of consideration. If
it had pleaded such a relief as its main or alternative relief, Stratech would
have been able to test the basis of the relief in its cross-examination,
discovery exercises and submissions. It was deprived of these opportunities
since no pleading to that effect was made. It is too late for Panasonic to
raise that argument now.

Conclusion

88 In the result, there will be judgment for Panasonic for damages to be
assessed and costs. Stratech’s counterclaim is dismissed with costs.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 10 Oct 2008 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

