Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Man Mohan Singh s/o Jothirambal Singh and Another v Zurich Insurance
(Singapore) Pte Ltd (now known as QBE Insurance (Singapore) Pte Ltd) and
Another and Another Appeal  
[2008] SGCA 24

Case Number | : | CA 85/2007, 86/2007  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 30 May 2008  
Tribunal/Court | : | Court of Appeal  
Coram | : |  Chan Sek Keong CJ; Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA; V K Rajah JA   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Renuka Chettiar, Ganesh S Ramanathan and Andy Chiok (Karuppan Chettiar & Partners) for the appellants in Civil Appeal No 85 of 2007 and the respondents in Civil Appeal No 86 of 2007; Ramasamy K Chettiar and Christopher Fernandez (Acies Law Corporation) for the respondents in Civil Appeal No 85 of 2007 and the appellant in Civil Appeal No 86 of 2007   
Parties | : |  Man Mohan Singh s/o Jothirambal Singh; Jasbir Kaur — Zurich Insurance (Singapore) Pte Ltd (now known as QBE Insurance (Singapore) Pte Ltd); Dilveer Singh Gill s/o Shokdarchan Singh   
  
Tort – Negligence – Damages – Loss of dependency award – Whether longer life
expectancy justifying higher multiplier than past analogous cases  
  
Tort – Negligence – Duty of care – Claim for post-traumatic stress and
depression – Whether grief and depression were recognisable psychiatric
illnesses – Risk of double recovery if tortious damages awarded for grief –
Section 21(4) Civil Law Act (Cap 43, 1999 Rev Ed)  
  
Tort – Negligence – Duty of care – Whether negligent driver owing duty of care
to victims' parents to avoid causing them to lose all their children in
resulting accident – Whether factually foreseeable that driver's negligence
would lead to victims' parents undergoing fertility treatment in attempt to
conceive another child – Whether sufficient legal proximity between driver and
victims' parents – Policy concerns about imposing liability on driver for
parents' cost of fertility treatment  
  

30 May 2008 |  Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA (delivering the judgment of the court):

**Introduction**

1 On the evening of 2 December 2002, a tragic accident caused by a negligent
driver, who was the second respondent in Civil Appeal No 85 of 2007 (“CA
85/2007”), robbed two loving parents – the appellants in CA 85/2007 (“the
appellants”) – of their only children, two teenage sons. Overnight, the
appellants’ close-knit family was torn apart and the appellants found
themselves childless. They sued the second respondent in CA 85/2007 (“the
second respondent”) for:

(a) bereavement;

(b) funeral expenses;

(c) loss of dependency;

(d) damages for post-traumatic shock and depression; and

(e) the cost of fertility treatment undertaken in their attempts (which were
ultimately unsuccessful) to conceive another child.

The first respondent in CA 85/2007 (“the first respondent”) was joined as a
co-defendant to the appellants’ suit only at a later stage (see [4] below).

2 Being dissatisfied with various aspects of the decision made by the
assistant registrar (“the AR”) (see _Man Mohan Singh s/o Jothirambal Singh v
Dilveer Singh Gill s/o Shokdarchan Singh_ [2007] SGHC 73 (“the AR’s GD”)) and
affirmed in part by the High Court judge (“the Judge”) on appeal (see _Man
Mohan Singh s/o Jothirambal Singh v Dilveer Singh Gill s/o Shokdarchan Singh_
[2007] 4 SLR 843 (“the Judge’s GD”)), the appellants appealed to this court
via CA 85/2007. The first respondent also filed a cross-appeal to this court
(via Civil Appeal No 86 of 2007 (“CA 86/2007”)) against part of the Judge’s
decision.

**The facts**

3 The appellants are Mr Man Mohan Singh s/o Jothirambal Singh (“the first
appellant”) and his wife, Mdm Jasbir Kaur (“the second appellant”). They are
the lawful parents of Gurjiv Singh (“Gurjiv”) and Pardip Singh (“Pardip”). On
2 December 2002, Gurjiv and Pardip went out with their cousin, who had rented
a car bearing the registration number SZA 7159 S. Sometime after 6.00pm on the
same day, Gurjiv and Pardip were travelling as back-seat passengers in the
car, which was then being driven by the second respondent, a friend of the
cousin. The second respondent lost control of the car, which skidded and hit a
tree along Changi Village Road. Gurjiv and Pardip died as a result of the
accident. They were 17 years old and 14 years old, respectively, at that time.

4 The second respondent left the country after the accident and did not defend
the appellants’ action against him. Interlocutory judgment in default of
appearance was entered against him on 26 April 2004. The second respondent
likewise did not appear before the AR at the assessment of damages, or before
the Judge or this court in the ensuing appeals. The first respondent, which
was the insurer of the car at the material time, included itself as a party to
the action after interlocutory judgment against the second respondent was
entered so as to defend the quantum of the awards made to the appellants in
respect of the deaths of Gurjiv and Pardip.

**The decisions below**

5 As provided for under s 21(4) of the Civil Law Act (Cap 43, 1999 Rev Ed),
the AR awarded the appellants a total of $20,000 for bereavement. He also
awarded the appellants a sum of $10,000 for funeral expenses (the parties
later agreed on a sum of $7,000 for this particular item). For the dependency
claims, the AR awarded $68,508 and $78,165 for loss of dependency arising from
the deaths of Gurjiv and Pardip, respectively. The appellants’ claim for a sum
of $10,000 for post-traumatic shock and depression, plus $200 for the cost of
transport to Changi General Hospital (“CGH”) to attend grief therapy was
denied by the AR.

6 The Judge did not disturb the above aspects of the AR’s decision. However,
he overruled the AR in respect of the appellants’ claim for the cost of
fertility treatment undertaken in their attempts, following the deaths of
Gurjiv and Pardip, to have another child after natural means of procreation
did not succeed. The AR had awarded the sum of $32,847.90 for this head of
claim on the basis that it was reasonably foreseeable to persons in the
position of the second respondent that their negligence could cause persons
such as the appellants to lose the sum total of their offspring in the
resulting accident. The Judge considered the expenses incurred by the
appellants for the purposes of fertility treatment to be a loss that was too
remote and that the first respondent and the second respondent (referred to
collectively as “the respondents”) should therefore not be held liable for.

**The issues on appeal**

7 Before us, the appellants argued (in CA 85/2007) for:

(a) an increase in the awards for loss of dependency;

(b) damages for post-traumatic shock and depression; and

(c) the cost of the fertility treatment which they went through.

The first respondent cross-appealed (in CA 86/2007) on the quantum of the
awards for loss of dependency. We shall now proceed to deal with each of these
issues _seriatim_.

**The awards for loss of dependency**

8 The breakdown of the AR’s awards for loss of dependency arising from
Gurjiv’s and Pardip’s deaths, respectively, is as follows:

|  **Gurjiv** |  **Pardip**  
---|---|---  
Projected median monthly  
gross salary |  $1,730 |  $2,412.50  
Percentage of prospective  
salary apportioned to the  
appellants |  30% |  30%  
Multiplicand |  $519  
(_ie_ , 30% of $1,730) |  $723.75  
(_ie_ , 30% of $2,412.50)  
Multiplier |  11 years |  9 years  
Total sum awarded |  $68,508 |  $78,165  
  
The Judge upheld the AR’s awards.

9 It should be noted that the AR arrived at the above figures for Gurjiv’s and
Pardip’s respective prospective earnings based on the method of calculation
submitted by the appellants. In essence, he derived the projected median
monthly gross salary for each of the deceased sons by taking _the average_ of:

(a) the average median monthly commencement salary of each son; and

(b) the average median monthly salary which that son would have earned
(“average median monthly salary”).

The figures for both the average median monthly commencement salary and the
average median monthly salary were derived from the Ministry of Manpower’s
“Report on Wages in Singapore, 2005” <http://www.mom.gov.sg/  
publish/etc/medialib/mom_library/mrsd/files.Par.35700.File.tmp/mrsd_2005  
ROW> (accessed 14 May 2008) (“the MOM Report”), which both parties had
accepted as the basis for computing Gurjiv’s and Pardip’s projected earnings.

10 In CA 85/2007, the appellants sought to raise the proportion of the
projected earnings that Gurjiv and Pardip (had they not died in the accident)
would have contributed to them from 30% to 40%, and argued that the multiplier
should be increased to 13 years in respect of Gurjiv’s death and 11 years in
respect of Pardip’s death. On its part, the first respondent cross-appealed
(in CA 86/2007) for a reduction in the multiplicand and the multiplier which
would lower the awards for loss of dependency to $25,200 and $17,280 with
regard to Gurjiv and Pardip, respectively.

11 Before dealing with the first respondent’s specific objections to the AR’s
awards for loss of dependency, we shall first address its argument that the
AR’s awards meant that Gurjiv and Pardip would have been expected to
contribute a total of $1,242.75 to the appellants every month and that this
was “not realistic”.[note: 1] The first respondent submitted that the combined
multiplicand for both Gurjiv and Pardip should instead be $660 per month,
comprising a monthly contribution of $300 from Gurjiv and $360 from Pardip.
This “total contribution” argument is untenable. In _Lai Wee Lian v Singapore
Bus Service (1978) Ltd_ [1984] 1 MLJ 325, a Singapore decision that went on
appeal before the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council, it was stated (at
326, _per_ Lord Fraser of Tullybelton) – which position we affirm – that:

[T]he only proper way of deciding whether the global award is too low or too
high is by assessing the separate items and arriving at a fair total.

**_Multiplicand_**

_Prospective earnings_

12 The first respondent contended that the AR had pitched Gurjiv’s and
Pardip’s employment prospects at a level “much higher than what the evidence
show[ed]”.[note: 2] In this regard, the first respondent compared the factual
matrix of the present appeals with that in _Ho Yeow Kim v Lim Hai Kuen_ [1999]
2 SLR 246 (“ _Ho Yeow Kim_ ”), where the deceased son (a 17-year-old accident
victim) had already been in the final stages of his mechatronics engineering
course at the Institute of Technical Education (“ITE”) when he died, such that
his employment prospects were less speculative than those of Gurjiv and Pardip
at the time of their deaths. The first respondent did not dispute before this
court the finding of fact (based on the evidence of the appellants as well as
the vice-principal and teachers of Kuo Chuan Presbyterian Secondary School,
where Gurjiv and Pardip had been studying at the time of the accident) that
Gurjiv and Pardip would likely have attended the ITE and a polytechnic,
respectively. However, the first respondent argued that even if Gurjiv and
Pardip would have attended these institutions had they lived, there was
inconclusive evidence as to what courses they would have pursued. It also took
issue with the fact that the appellants did not call any representative from
the ITE or a polytechnic to give evidence at the assessment of damages before
the AR. We do not give credence to these arguments. The testimony of
representatives from the ITE or a polytechnic, who would not have known Gurjiv
or Pardip, would not necessarily have been more helpful than the written and
oral testimonies of the above-mentioned vice-principal and teachers of Kuo
Chuan Presbyterian Secondary School. If the first respondent had wished to
adduce contradictory evidence at the assessment of damages before the AR, it
should have summoned the appropriate witnesses at that hearing (which it did
not do).

13 The first respondent argued that the AR had erred in accepting the
appellants’ calculations of Gurjiv’s and Pardip’s prospective average monthly
gross salaries, which (so the first respondent contended) were “based on the
average between the mean commencement wage and the mean wage at the tail end
of the working life”.[note: 3] It submitted that the AR should instead have
adopted the approach taken in _Ho Yeow Kim_ (which was not disapproved on
appeal to the Court of Appeal), where the assistant registrar had calculated
the deceased son’s projected earnings based on the mean salary of a
mechatronics engineering graduate (mechatronics engineering being the course
which the deceased son had been pursuing at the time of his death) after six
to nine months of employment and the mean salary of such a graduate after five
years of employment. In response, the appellants clarified that their
calculations of Gurjiv’s and Pardip’s projected earnings had been based on the
average of:

(a) the average median monthly commencement salary, as stated in the MOM
Report, of a graduate from either the ITE (in Gurjiv’s case) or a polytechnic
(in Pardip’s case); and

(b) the average median monthly salary, in terms of the average median monthly
gross salary for males (likewise as stated in the MOM Report) for the types of
employment which Gurjiv and Pardip were likely to have taken up.

14 In our view, even if the first respondent’s argument is accepted such that
the average median monthly salary which the AR relied on for the purposes of
calculating the multiplicand (see [9] above) is replaced with the median
monthly gross salary which Gurjiv and Pardip, respectively, would have been
expected to earn after five to 15 years of employment, the alternative measure
of the multiplicand would not vary substantially from that calculated based on
the figures submitted by the appellants and accepted by the AR. The following
table compares the average median monthly salary which the AR accepted with
each son’s median monthly gross salary at the age of 30–34 years (_ie_ , after
approximately five to ten years’ employment) and at the age of 35–39 years
(_ie_ , after approximately ten to 15 years’ employment):

|  **Gurjiv** |  **Pardip**  
---|---|---  
Average median monthly salary |  $2,070 |  $2,850  
Median monthly gross salary at 30–34 years of age |  $1,893 |  $2,750  
Median monthly gross salary at 35–39 years of age |  $2,002 |  $2,916  
  
As the data demonstrates that the first respondent’s alternative calculations
would yield median monthly gross salaries that do not differ significantly
from those submitted by the appellants and adopted by the AR, we are of the
view that the first respondent’s objections to the AR’s determination of
Gurjiv’s and Pardip’s prospective earnings are without merit.

_Amount of prospective earnings to be apportioned to the appellants_

15 In terms of how much of their prospective earnings Gurjiv and Pardip were
likely (had they lived) to have contributed to the appellants, the AR accepted
the first respondent’s submission that 30% would be an appropriate rate of
apportionment, rather than 40% as claimed by the appellants. In deciding on
this percentage, the AR took into account the following considerations:

(a) if Gurjiv and Pardip had not been killed in the accident, they might, in
the event of marriage, have reduced the quantum of their contributions to the
appellants;

(b) some discount had to be given for the advance receipt of a lump sum;

(c) there would have been two children (_ie_ , Gurjiv and Pardip) supporting
the appellants; and

(d) the appellants were not in urgent need for money given the first
appellant’s present age and earning capacity.

16 The appellants argued that this court should follow its previous decision
in _Ho Yeow Kim_ ([12] _supra_), where it was held that the deceased son
would, on average, have apportioned 40% of his prospective salary to his
parents. (As mentioned earlier (at [12]–[13] above), the deceased son in that
case had been a mechatronics engineering student at the ITE at the time of his
death. He had been assessed to have had a 70% chance of successfully
completing his course and graduating from the ITE.)

17 When young persons meet untimely deaths in accidents, any assessment of
loss of dependency entails, by its very nature, a measure of estimation.
However, this is not a valid reason for applying, in all cases, conservative
estimates that would invariably put the defendants in a more advantageous
position than the grief-stricken loved ones and future dependants of the
victims. In the present appeals, it is both logical and fair to assume, based
on an extrapolation from the last available academic results of Gurjiv and
Pardip, that they would have completed their studies at the appropriate level
had they lived; in this respect, they should not be treated any differently
from the deceased son in _Ho Yeow Kim_. Support for this position can be found
in the Singapore High Court decision of _Tan Ngo Hwa v Siew Mun Phui_ [1998]
SGHC 376 (“ _Tan Ngo Hwa_ ”), in which the 16-year-old accident victim, the
only child, had not taken either her General Certificate of Education
“Ordinary” Level or “Advanced” Level examinations yet at the time of her
death. Taking into consideration the financial situation of the victim’s
family, the judge opined that while the academic results of the victim
suggested that she might not have qualified for the local universities, it was
likely that her parents could have afforded to send her overseas for her
tertiary education. On the basis of this assumption, the judge computed the
prospective earnings of the victim and, in turn, the monthly amount which she
was likely to have given to her parents from her earnings had she lived. In
_Ho Yeow Kim_ , Yong Pung How CJ did not question the judge’s reasoning when
he referred to _Tan Ngo Hwa_.

18 In the circumstances, therefore, we are inclined to raise the apportionment
rate in the present appeals to 40% so as to be in line with _Ho Yeow Kim_ as
well as a more recent Singapore High Court decision, _Tan Harry v Teo Chee
Yeow Aloysius_ [2004] 1 SLR 513. However, in view of the likelihood that both
Gurjiv and Pardip would have married and established their own families by
their early to mid-20s, which was also the second appellant’s stated wish for
them, we are of the view that an apportionment rate of 35% would be more
appropriate. The multiplicand would thus be $605.50 per month (35% of $1,730)
and $844.38 per month (35% of $2,412.50) for Gurjiv and Pardip, respectively –
_ie_ , the total amount that Gurjiv and Pardip would have contributed monthly
had they lived would have been $1,449.88 ($605.50 plus $844.38) (“the sons’
total monthly contribution”).

**_Multiplier_**

19 Taking a broad-brush approach, the AR set a multiplier for each of the
deceased sons instead of apportioning each son’s contribution between the
appellants, as follows (see the AR’s GD at [29]):

… I decided to adopt a broad[-]brush approach and did not distinguish between
how much each son would have given to each of [the appellants]. Accordingly, I
granted a multiplier of 11 years for Gurjiv and 9 years for Pardip, _to take
into account the difference in their ages_. [emphasis added]

20 The appellants sought to raise the multiplier to 13 years and 11 years,
respectively, in relation to Gurjiv’s death and Pardip’s death. The first
respondent, on the other hand, contended that seven years and four years,
respectively, would be the more appropriate figures for the multiplier.

21 In the Singapore High Court decision of _Ng Siew Choo v Tan Kian Choon_
[1990] SLR 331 at 333–334, [7], Yong Pung How J quoted the following statement
of principle by Greer LJ in the English Court of Appeal decision of _Flint v
Lovell_ [1935] 1 KB 354 at 360:

In order to justify reversing the trial judge on the question of [the] amount
of damages, it will generally be necessary that this court should be convinced
either that the judge acted upon some wrong principle of law, or that [the]
amount awarded was so extremely high or so very small as to make it, in the
judgment of this court, an entirely erroneous estimate of the damages to which
the plaintiff is entitled.

While bearing the above principle in mind, our view, with respect, is that the
multiplier fixed by the AR (and affirmed by the Judge) in respect of each of
the deceased sons is unjustifiably low and warrants an upward adjustment.

22 Before we proceed further, we should clarify that while we appreciate the
logic of the AR’s reasoning in departing, in the circumstances of the present
case, from the conventional approach of applying a separate multiplier for
each dependant (as illustrated by, _inter alia_ , the Singapore High Court
decision of _Ling Kee Ling v Leow Leng Siong_ [1995] 2 SLR 189 at 191, [8]),
we are of the view that adopting a separate multiplier for each dependant is
still the preferable approach and, conceptually, the neater solution. Even
after accounting for the unusual facts of the present appeals, the AR’s
approach would, with respect, give rise to difficulties when compared to
decided cases. Furthermore, it would tend to obscure dependant-specific
factors, such as age and life expectancy, which are important considerations
when setting the multiplier. For example, a mother would typically have a
longer life expectancy than a father; and, if she was a housewife, she would
also for that reason have a greater need for financial support.

23 The main cases in this area of law suggest that the multiplier set by the
court usually ranges from between eight to 12 years. In the Singapore High
Court decision of _Sim Hau Yan v Ong Sio Beng_ [1996] SGHC 256, the accident
victim was 26 years old and was working as a supervisor at the time of his
death. Goh Joon Seng J fixed the multiplier at nine years for the victim’s
56-year-old father and 12 years for the 53-year-old mother.

24 In _Tan Ngo Hwa_ ([17] _supra_), both the father and the mother of the
accident victim were aged 46 years at the time of her death and 49 years at
the date of the assessment of damages. The court set a multiplier of eight
years for the father and ten years for the mother, and noted (at [28]) that
the defendant’s counsel had not objected to an assumed life expectancy of 70
years for each parent. In _Ho Yeow Kim_ ([12] _supra_), the father of the
deceased son was 49 years old at the time the dependency action was commenced.
The Court of Appeal raised the multiplier in that case from seven years to ten
years to align it with _Tan Ngo Hwa_ (see _Ho Yeow Kim_ at [32]–[33]).

25 More recently, in the Singapore High Court decision of _Lee Kwan Kok v Wong
Chan Tong_ [2004] SGHC 211 (“ _Lee Kwan Kok_ ”), the deceased was 25 years old
at the time of his death; his father and his mother were 50 years old and 46
years old, respectively, at that time. The assistant registrar fixed the
multiplier at ten years for the father and 12 years for the mother, citing,
_inter alia_ , statistics published by the Ministry of Health which showed
that the average life expectancy of a Singaporean male at the time of the
assessment was 77 years while that of a Singaporean female was 81 years.

26 We note that in _Tan Ngo Hwa_ , life expectancy was assumed to be 70 years
for each parent (_id_ at [7] and [28]). Such an assumption was impliedly
adopted in _Ho Yeow Kim_ , where the Court of Appeal revised the multiplier in
respect of the bereaved father from seven years to ten years in view of the
decision in _Tan Ngo Hwa_ (see [24] above). In comparison, in 2002, when the
fatal accident that gave rise to the present appeals took place, life
expectancy for male residents in Singapore was 76.8 years and the
corresponding figure for female residents in Singapore was 80.6 years (see
Singapore Department of Statistics, _Yearbook of Statistics Singapore 2003_ at
p 10). A longer life expectancy is a factor that, in our view, could justify a
slightly higher multiplier being applied than that adopted in previous
analogous cases, all other things being equal. We therefore endorse the
assistant registrar’s reasoning in _Lee Kwan Kok_ (in taking into account life
expectancy when determining the appropriate multiplier), but with two
important qualifications: first, life expectancy should be considered as at
the date of the accident, and not at the date of the assessment of damages
hearing; and, second, it must be borne in mind that life expectancy remains
but one factor in what is essentially a multivariate equation. Therefore, if a
case that is analogous to _Tan Ngo Hwa_ were to occur today (_ie_ , assuming
that the fatal accident takes place in 2008), a one-year increase in the
multiplier for the father and the mother of the deceased to nine years and 11
years, respectively, would be eminently reasonable and justifiable if there
are no other countervailing factors. Similarly, in today’s context, a
multiplier of 11 years instead of ten years for each parent of the deceased
son in _Ho Yeow Kim_ would not necessarily be an aberration if the court at
first instance finds that the facts support a higher multiplier.

27 We have decided, in the context of the present appeals, to fix the
multiplier at eight years for the first appellant and 13 years for the second
appellant. The first appellant was 46 years old at the time of Gurjiv’s and
Pardip’s deaths. We are of the view that eight years, which is the same
multiplier as that applied to the father of the deceased in _Tan Ngo Hwa_ , is
reasonable. The first appellant can continue working for another decade or so
until he is at least 62 years old, barring any contingencies. Taking into
account a discount for the vicissitudes of life and, more particularly,
payment upfront, we think it is reasonable to expect that, after his
retirement, the first appellant would have sought eight years of financial
support from Gurjiv and Pardip had they not died in the accident.

28 The second appellant was 44 years old when her sons died. Taking into
account the baseline multiplier of eight years which we have decided on for
the first appellant (see [27] above), a multiplier of 13 years for the second
appellant is, in our view, justified given her longer life expectancy as well
as her greater need for financial support from her sons (she has not worked
since 1988, after Pardip was born).

**_The sums to be awarded to the appellants for loss of dependency_**

29 In the circumstances, we vary the AR’s awards for loss of dependency to
provide for a multiplier of eight years in respect of the first appellant and
13 years in respect of the second appellant. Since the second appellant has
not worked for a long time, we apportion 65% of the sons’ total monthly
contribution to her for the first eight years of dependency (the assumption
being that the first appellant would no longer be working during this period,
but would still have some means of supporting the second appellant, for
example, by way of his Central Provident Fund savings). For the next five
years, we apportion to the second appellant 75% of the sons’ total monthly
contribution (the assumption being that she would be on her own during this
later period). We set out the necessary calculations as follows:

The sons’ total monthly contribution |  $1,449.88  
---|---  
|  **The first appellant**  
Proportion of the sons’ total monthly contribution |  35%  
Multiplier |  8 years  
Total award to the first appellant |  $48,715.97  
|  **The second appellant**  
_**First eight years**_ |   
Proportion of the sons’ total monthly contribution |  65%  
Multiplier |  8 years  
Total for the first eight years |  $90,472.51  
**_Subsequent five years_** |   
Proportion of the sons’ total monthly contribution |  75%  
Multiplier |  5 years  
Total for the subsequent five years |  $65,244.60  
Total award to the second appellant |  $155,717.11  
  
30 We should emphasise that the very unfortunate events that gave rise to the
present appeals presented a factual matrix that is uncommon (arguably, even
unique). As a result, the considerations which we have taken into account in
deciding on the appropriate sums to award the appellants for loss of
dependency – including the appellants’ sudden loss of both of their sons in
the same accident and the concomitant loss of all prospects of financial
support from either of their two children, as well as the highly unlikely
prospect of the appellants having another child in the future – are specific
to these appeals, and the sums which we have ultimately decided on cannot be
regarded as setting new benchmarks for future cases. Indeed, it is clear that,
in this particular area of the law, no one decision can, in any event, be
generally regarded as setting firm guidelines or benchmarks as every case
turns on its facts (see also, for example, _Tan Ngo Hwa_ ([17] _supra_) at
[28]).

**The claim for post-traumatic shock and depression**

**_The test for establishing a duty of care_**

31 This court recently re-examined, in some detail, the applicable law in
Singapore in respect of claims for damages for psychiatric illness or nervous
shock (collectively referred to as “psychiatric harm”) sustained as a result
of the defendant’s negligence (see _Ngiam Kong Seng v Lim Chiew Hock_ [2008]
SGCA 23 (“ _Ngiam_ ”)). In that case, we elaborated upon how claims for
psychiatric harm should be analysed within the framework of the two-stage test
that this court laid down in _Spandeck Engineering (S) Pte Ltd v Defence
Science & Technology Agency_ [2007] 4 SLR 100 (“ _Spandeck_ ”) for determining
whether a duty of care in tort exists (“the _Spandeck_ test”).

32 Where a claim in negligence for psychiatric harm is concerned, just as in
the case of a negligence claim that does not involve psychiatric harm, certain
prerequisites must be met before the question of whether a duty of care exists
becomes relevant. First, the type of injury suffered must be a “recognisable
psychiatric [illness]” (_per_ Lord Bridge of Harwich in _McLoughlin v O’Brian_
[1983] 1 AC 410 (“ _McLoughlin_ ”) at 431); and, second, it must have been
factually foreseeable that the plaintiff could sustain psychiatric harm as a
result of the defendant’s negligence. With those preconditions in place, the
_Spandeck_ test would then apply, in relation to claims for psychiatric harm,
as follows:

(a) at the _first stage_ , the court considers whether there was sufficient
_legal proximity_ between the plaintiff and the defendant at the material
time, with the three factors set out by Lord Wilberforce in _McLoughlin_ at
422 playing an important role at this stage of the inquiry; _and_

(b) at the _second stage_ , the court considers whether there are any _public
policy_ factors that militate against the court imposing a duty of care on the
defendant even though the first stage of the _Spandeck_ test has been
satisfied inasmuch as it has been established that sufficient proximity
existed between the plaintiff and the defendant.

33 As we explained in _Ngiam_ (at [47], [48] and [57]), the “three elements
inherent in any claim” (_per_ Lord Wilberforce in _McLoughlin_ at 422) for
psychiatric harm, as distilled by the learned law lord in that case (_ibid_),
relate to the issue of proximity between the parties and are thus applied
under stage one of the _Spandeck_ test. In summary, these three elements or
specific “proximities” are:

(a) the class of persons whose claims should be recognised by virtue of
relational ties;

(b) the proximity of such persons, in terms of space and time, to the event
which is alleged to have caused psychiatric harm; and

(c) the means by which the shock is caused.

Stage two of the _Spandeck_ test is confined to pure _public policy_
considerations, or what Lord Wilberforce referred to (in _McLoughlin_ at 421)
as the “policy arguments against a wider extension” of liability.

**_Whether the second respondent owed the appellants a duty of care_**

34 An application of the _Spandeck_ test (as set out at [32] above) to the
appellants’ claim for damages for post-traumatic shock and depression has led
us to affirm both the AR’s and the Judge’s decisions (which were arrived at on
different grounds) that this particular head of claim must be dismissed. This
is despite our deep sympathy for the appellants, given the devastating loss
that they have suffered.

35 We have no doubt that the appellants experienced, and are continuing to
experience, grief of a magnitude that is unimaginable to persons who are not
in their position. We note that on the referral of a doctor at Singapore
Airport Terminal Services Ltd (the first appellant’s employer), the appellants
attended grief therapy at CGH from sometime in early 2003 to April 2005. A
medical report dated 28 April 2005 (“the Medical Report”) by Dr Angelina
Chan,[note: 4] a consultant psychiatrist at CGH, stated that after the tragic
accident, the first appellant took medical leave from work for about two to
three months because “he was depressed, unable to concentrate at tasks and
needed time with his wife [_ie_ , the second appellant] to grieve” (see p 2 of
the Medical Report). After returning to work, the first appellant only worked
morning shifts because the second appellant was “uncomfortable being at home
alone at nights” (_ibid_). The appellants had been “depressed and mourning
over the loss of their children” (see p 1 of the Medical Report) since the
accident. The family had been “very close-knit” (_ibid_); therefore, the
appellants were finding it “extremely difficult to cope with adjusting to the
change at home and family life as a result of loosing [_sic_] both their sons”
(_ibid_). The Medical Report concluded (at p 2) that:

As [the appellants’] relationship with their sons [was] extremely close, it is
not uncommon for their grief reactions to be protracted especially since there
may not be a closure to the incident as the driver has yet to be arrested.

36 At the hearing before us, counsel for the first respondent argued that
grief was not a recognisable psychiatric illness and that since the Medical
Report did not mention that the appellants had suffered any other form of
psychiatric harm that constituted a recognisable psychiatric illness, the
appellants’ claim could not succeed. Counsel for the appellants, on the other
hand, stressed the protracted nature of the appellants’ grief and depression
and the fact that the first appellant was so affected by Gurjiv’s and Pardip’s
deaths that he could not work for some months after the accident.

37 To a layperson, the argument over the meaning of “grief” and how ordinary
grief and sorrow or pathological grief (none of which constitutes a
recognisable psychiatric illness) may be distinguished from reactive
depression (which is a recognisable psychiatric illness) may seem to be a
needless squabble over semantics that ignores the underlying human tragedy
which gave rise to such grief. However, this clearly is _not_ the case because
the law has to circumscribe liability for psychiatric harm within certain
limits. Indeed, such an approach is also reasonable and fair when viewed from
an extralegal perspective. Lord Oliver of Aylmerton put this point well, yet
with compassion, in the House of Lords decision of _Alcock v Chief Constable
of South Yorkshire Police_ [1992] 1 AC 310 at 416–417, as follows:

Grief, sorrow, deprivation and the necessity of caring for loved ones who have
suffered injury or misfortune must, I think, be considered as ordinary and
inevitable incidents of life which, regardless of individual susceptibilities,
must be sustained without compensation. _It would be inaccurate and hurtful to
suggest that grief is made any the less real or deprivation more tolerable by
a more gradual realisation, but to extend liability to cover injury in such
cases would be to extend the law in a direction for which there is no pressing
policy need and in which there is no logical stopping point._ In my opinion,
the necessary proximity cannot be said to exist where the elements of
immediacy, closeness of time and space, and direct visual or aural perception
are absent. [emphasis added]

38 There is also a risk of double recovery if grief is recoverable under the
tort of negligence. As stated earlier (at [5] above), s 21 of the Civil Law
Act provides an award for bereavement (currently fixed under s 21(4) at
$10,000 in respect of each victim of a fatal accident that is caused by a
wrongful act, neglect or default) for the benefit of certain very close
relatives of the victim. This award for bereavement replaced the previous
award to the estate of a deceased person for “loss of expectation of life”,
which award was “usually regarded as a ‘solatium’, a consolation, to the close
relatives of the deceased” (see the second reading of the Civil Law
(Amendment) Bill 1987 (Bill 1 of 1987) in _Singapore Parliamentary Debates,
Official Report_ (4 March 1987) vol 49 at col 68). In our view, the main
difference between an award for bereavement and an award for “loss of
expectation of life” lies in the persons who can bring claims for such awards;
both awards would cover consolation for grief.

39 We are cognisant that in the English Court of Appeal decision of _Vernon v
Bosley (No 1)_ [1997] 1 All ER 577 (“ _Vernon_ ”), the plaintiff succeeded in
his claim for damages for psychiatric harm, notwithstanding the fact that he
had suffered pathological grief as a result of witnessing the unsuccessful
rescue efforts to save his children, who were trapped in a car that had veered
off the road and crashed into a river. _Vernon_ can, however, be distinguished
from the present appeals because the plaintiff in that case was assessed to be
suffering from _both_ post-traumatic stress disorder (which was _actionable_)
as well as pathological grief disorder (“PGD”) (which, on its own, was _not_
indisputably actionable). _Vernon_ was also a majority decision of two to one,
and one of the judges in the majority, Evans LJ, explained his decision to
allow the claim as follows (at 604–605):

… I would hold that damages are recoverable for mental illness caused or at
least contributed to by actionable negligence of the defendant ie in breach of
a duty of care, notwithstanding that the illness may also be regarded as a
pathological consequence of the bereavement which the plaintiff, where the
primary victim was killed, must inevitably have suffered.

40 The other judge in the majority in _Vernon_ , Thorpe LJ, was more inclined
to accept a broader definition of “recognisable psychiatric illnesses” (_per_
Lord Bridge in _McLoughlin_ ([32] _supra_) at 431). He noted (at 611) that
“PGD may be a recognisable psychiatric illness”, citing Dr Colin Murray
Parkes, “Bereavement” (1985) 146 British Journal of Psychiatry 11.

41 Without resolving the debate about whether PGD is actionable (since it is
not at issue in the present appeals), we would emphasise that the absence of
sufficient evidence that the appellants suffered from a recognisable
psychiatric illness is not the only basis on which we disallow their claim for
post-traumatic shock and depression. We also agree with the AR that the second
respondent did not owe the appellants a duty not to cause them psychiatric
harm. At stage one of the _Spandeck_ test, the second and the third factors or
“proximities” stated by Lord Wilberforce in _McLoughlin_ ([32] _supra_) were
not present as the appellants: (a) were not close to the scene of the
accident, in terms of both time and space; and (b) were not involved in the
“aftermath” of the accident. Although the appellants had rushed to the
hospital upon hearing news of the accident, there was no suggestion that they
had witnessed Gurjiv and Pardip suffering in pain before the sons died, or
that they had seen their sons’ bodies in their badly-injured state. There was
therefore insufficient (legal) proximity between the appellants and the second
respondent for the purposes of establishing a duty of care on the part of the
latter _vis-à-vis_ the former.

42 At this juncture, we would reiterate the point we made in _Ngiam_ ([31]
_supra_ at [97]), in relation to proof of a recognisable psychiatric illness
in claims in negligence for psychiatric harm, about the desirability of
adducing evidence from an _independent_ psychiatric expert whose appointment
is either agreed to by both parties or made by the court. Such an expert
should be called to testify before the assistant registrar or the trial judge
in order to give both the parties and the court the fullest opportunity (via
_independent_ evidence) to resolve all the terminological ambiguities that
could arise in determining whether the plaintiff did suffer from a
recognisable psychiatric illness.

**The cost of fertility treatment**

43 The accident left a terrible void in the appellants’ lives which they hoped
to fill by having another child. When attempts at natural procreation did not
succeed, they sought treatment at National University Hospital in 2003, and
the second appellant underwent intra-uterine insemination. This treatment was
unsuccessful. The appellants were then referred to Dr Foong Lian Chuen (“Dr
Foong”), a consultant obstetrician and gynaecologist at Gleneagles Hospital,
who advised them that, in view of the second appellant’s age, in vitro
fertilisation (“IVF”) was likely to be their best option. The appellants were
informed of the risks involved. The first attempt at IVF using the second
appellant’s ovarian eggs failed. The second appellant then underwent a second
IVF procedure using ovarian eggs donated by her 39-year-old sister. This
attempt led successfully to pregnancy; unfortunately, the pregnancy failed to
develop past eight weeks.

44 The AR allowed the appellants’ claim of $32,847.90 for the cost of the
fertility treatment undertaken after their unsuccessful attempts to conceive a
child naturally to “replace” their deceased sons. The Judge adopted a
different view and allowed the first respondent’s appeal against the AR’s
award for the cost of fertility treatment.

45 This novel head of claim throws into sharp relief the fact that in
analysing a claim in tort, the question of “reasonable foreseeability” is
pertinent at more than one level. Each level, however, is substantively
distinct from the other. To elaborate, the first level is whether it was
reasonably foreseeable that the tortfeasor’s negligence could cause harm to
the victim of the tort (“the tort victim”). This question is concerned with
whether the tortfeasor owed the tort victim a duty of care. The second level
at which “reasonable foreseeability” operates is in terms of the type of
injury that the tortfeasor could reasonably have foreseen his negligent act or
omission as causing the tort victim, assuming that it has been established
that the tortfeasor owed the tort victim a duty of care and did breach that
duty of care. This goes to the question of _remoteness of damage_ , another
area of the law of torts that, unfortunately, remains mired in uncertainty.

**_Existence of a duty of care_**

46 The AR stated the duty of care, the existence of which was to be
determined, as follows (at [51] of the AR’s GD):

[W]hether the defendant owes a duty to secondary victims of a certain mindset
towards their offspring, namely one which compels them to seek medical
treatment to conceive again in order to [have a] substitute for their lost
children.

On the other hand, the Judge stated the issue as follows (see the Judge’s GD
at [33]):

[W]hether a motor insurer [such as the first respondent] should be liable
under a motor policy to indemnify bereaved parents for expenses incurred in
their attempt to conceive a child after the death of their child in a motor
accident.

On a closer reading, the Judge’s formulation was only slightly broader than
the AR’s inasmuch as it did not expressly limit liability to only those
parents who became childless after all their living children died in the same
accident.

47 The AR came to the conclusion that a negligent driver did owe a duty of
care to the parents and loved ones of a person whose death he negligently
caused on the following basis (see the AR’s GD at [48]):

I think [the negligent driver] should equally be expected to know and
contemplate that such victims [_ie_ , the victims of his negligent driving]
may constitute the entirety of a certain class of relations as far as the
bereaved plaintiff is concerned, i.e. _all_ the children of the plaintiff
parents, or _both_ parents of the plaintiff children. [emphasis in original]

48 In our view, the AR’s finding stretches the powers of foreseeability of a
driver too far. Where a driver’s negligent driving kills a child or children
(for ease of reference, we shall use the term “the victims” in this paragraph
to cover both possibilities) travelling in another car, the driver may not
know whether the victims have a living parent or parents. It is likely that
the victims may have such a parent or parents, and (to that extent) we can
concede that the driver is expected to know that the victims have a living
parent or parents. But, is the driver also expected to know that the victims
would constitute all the children of the parent or parents, when it is
arguable that the driver should not be expected to know that the victims are
all from the same family? Even if we fix the negligent driver with such a
degree of (factual) foreseeability, for example, where the driver is a friend
or a relative of the victims, the problem arises as to whether the driver is
expected to know, further, that the parents would be of any particular age or
have any particular medical condition such that they would have to resort to
assisted reproduction by medical means to fulfil their desire to replace their
deceased offspring. In our view, we do not think that it is justifiable to fix
the driver with such a degree of foresight as to impose a common law duty on
him in these circumstances. While the lack of factual foreseeability is an
important premise for our decision that the second respondent did not owe the
appellants the relevant duty of care, we would also add that there was
_insufficient legal proximity_ between the appellants and the second
respondent at the material time. The second respondent could not be regarded
as having assumed the broad duty of ensuring that the appellants would not be
rendered childless by his negligent driving, and, conversely, it could not be
said that the appellants relied on him to assume that level of legal
responsibility.

49 The appellants’ claim for the cost of fertility treatment, in our view,
also fails _stage two_ of the _Spandeck_ test. We note that the AR attempted
to circumscribe liability in this regard by limiting it to only those
plaintiffs “of a certain mindset” (see the AR’s GD at [51]), that is,
“bereaved next-of-kin who have lost an entire category of relations in the
accident (there would otherwise not be sufficient justification for seeking to
‘replace’ their loved ones)” (_id_ at [61]). Looked at in this light, so the
AR reasoned, there would be less risk of a proliferation or floodgate of
claims arising from recognising the appellants’ novel head of claim. The AR
opined that apart from claims by parents who, like the appellants, had
tragically lost all their children in a single accident, only two other
classes of persons could avail themselves of damages under this head of claim,
namely (_id_ at [63]):

(a) an orphan who incurred incidental expenses in finding new guardians; and

(b) a bereaved spouse who was unable, under normal circumstances (perhaps due
to disability), to find a new partner and who had to engage the assistance of
a marriage agency in this regard.

50 With respect, we cannot agree with such an approach. Take, for example, a
family that has several daughters and only one son, and assume, further, that
the parents had high hopes that the son would carry on the family name.
Unfortunately, the son is killed in an accident caused by a driver’s
negligence, and the parents then undergo fertility treatment in the hope of
conceiving another son. Should such parents be allowed to claim the cost of
fertility treatment, assuming that (like the appellants) they are also of
relatively advanced age? If, despite their relatively advanced age and their
lack of success at natural procreation, such parents are denied recovery (on
the ground that they still have other surviving children even though they have
lost their only son) whereas the claims of parents in the position of the
appellants are allowed, this would lead to inconsistent and unjust results.
Another example of potential discrimination would arise in the case of a child
who is raised by loving and supportive grandparents or other relatives because
his parents are not in a position to take proper care of him. If such a child
loses his guardians (say, both grandparents) in an accident, should he be
denied recovery for the expenses incurred in attempting to find new,
responsible and caring guardians simply because, under the law, his parents
have to provide for him? As for the claim by a bereaved spouse for the cost of
engaging the services of a dating and marriage agency to find a new spouse,
the use of such services is commonplace nowadays. If a relatively young,
bereaved spouse who has no physical disability argues that he has an extremely
demanding job and that his chances of finding a new partner without the aid of
a dating and marriage agency are therefore slim, or, if such a spouse has not
succeeded in finding a new partner through his own efforts after a period of
time and thus enlists the assistance of a dating and marriage agency, on what
grounds should the court distinguish his case from that of the bereaved spouse
whom the AR had in his contemplation at [63] of the AR’s GD (see [49] above)?
Another scenario to be considered, in the context of a bereaved spouse, is
that of a young widow whose husband’s death was caused by a negligent driver.
The widow could assert that it ought to have been within the contemplation of
a reasonable person, including the driver, that someone in her position would
wish to, and would likely, remarry. Should she then be allowed to recover the
expenses incurred for her second wedding? As can be seen from the foregoing
examples, if this court were to allow the appellants’ claim for the cost of
fertility treatment, the boundaries of liability would expand without any
sound legal basis or clear direction, and society as a whole would be worse
off.

51 In essence, in challenging the Judge’s decision to disallow their claim for
the cost of fertility treatment, the appellants are asking this court to
recognise that they have a right at common law to replace their deceased sons
(Gurjiv and Pardip), who were all the children that they had. We do not
believe that we can or should recognise such a right, as a matter of both law
and policy, even though we are deeply sympathetic towards the appellants’
plight. Human beings are unique. The law makes provision for damages to
alleviate the pain and suffering arising from the loss of a loved one, but
that is the furthest extent of compensation that the law permits. As a matter
of policy, defendants should not be liable for the costs of “replacing” a
loved one since there is no fundamental or legal right to “replace” a deceased
person. Further, while this point is not crucial to our decision, we would
record our agreement with the Judge’s opinion (at [39] of the Judge’s GD) that
if the appellants’ claim for the cost of fertility treatment were allowed,
there would be an attendant danger of double compensation. As mentioned above
(at [38]), the law already provides for an award for bereavement and an award
for loss of dependency. The damages awarded under these two heads rest on the
premise that the deceased person will not be “replaced”.

52 Another policy concern arising from the appellants’ claim for the cost of
fertility treatment is the prospect that the availability of such compensation
could change the matrix of post-accident options available to tort victims.
The courts have, therefore, to be very cautious about holding a defendant
liable for the plaintiff’s subjective post-accident choices, even if the
defendant did breach a duty of care which he owed to the plaintiff. In this
instance, for example, Dr Foong was of the opinion that for a 45-year-old
woman in the second appellant’s situation, the success rate of IVF – that is,
the chance of obtaining a foetus with a heartbeat – was less than 5% if the
procedure was carried out using the woman’s own ovarian eggs.[note: 5] If IVF
was attempted using ovarian eggs from a donor, the success rate would be the
same as the donor’s chance of conceiving. (In the present case, since the
second appellant used donor eggs from her 39-year-old sister for the second
IVF procedure (see [43] above), the success rate for that second procedure
would be about 15%.[note: 6]) In both cases, even if IVF did result in a
foetus with a heartbeat, the chance of a successful delivery would be one
fifth of the chance of obtaining a foetus with a heartbeat.[note: 7] Whilst it
is one thing to empathise with the appellants’ profound desire to have another
child to fill the void in their lives, it is quite another thing to hold the
respondents liable for the cost of the fertility treatment which the
appellants sought, given that the chances of success were so remote.

**_Remoteness of damage_**

53 The Judge disallowed the appellants’ claim for the cost of fertility
treatment mainly on the ground of remoteness of damage. He stated as follows
(see the Judge’s GD at [38]):

The [appellants’] claim for the cost of fertility treatment does not concern
consequential losses as they had not suffered any physical harm from which
economic losses flowed. In my view, this claim fails because of the rule on
remoteness of damage, which is another important control mechanism for
negligence claims.

54 As a preliminary point, we would respectfully clarify that the extract
above should not be read as equating damage that is too remote with damage
that is not “consequential” (nor do we think that the Judge intended such a
reading). Before the decision of the Privy Council in _Overseas Tankship (UK)
Ltd v Morts Dock & Engineering Co Ltd (The Wagon Mound)_ [1961] AC 388 (“
_The_ _Wagon Mound_ ”), that was indeed the position of the law – _ie_ , the
defendant was liable for all of the plaintiff’s losses that were a direct
consequence of his negligence (see the English Court of Appeal decision of _In
re An Arbitration between Polemis and Furness, Withy and Company, Limited_
[1921] 3 KB 560 (“ _Polemis_ ”) at, _inter alia_ , 570, 572 and 577). _The_
_Wagon Mound_ heralded a radical departure from this position. In that case,
the defendant’s negligence resulted in furnace oil spilling into the sea. The
oil spread across the water and came to lie beneath the plaintiff’s wharf,
where welding operations were being carried out. A fragment of molten metal
set the oil ablaze, damaging the plaintiff’s wharf. The Privy Council held
that the fire was not reasonably foreseeable because the scientific knowledge
available then was that furnace oil had a very high flashpoint and would not
ignite easily. Thus, the defendant was not liable for the damage to the
plaintiff’s wharf. Viscount Simonds (who delivered the judgment of the Board)
stated the principle established in _The Wagon Mound_ in emphatic terms, as
follows (at 422–423):

Enough has been said to show that the authority of _Polemis_ has been severely
shaken though lip-service has from time to time been paid to it. In their
Lordships’ opinion it should no longer be regarded as good law. It is not
probable that many cases will for that reason have a different result, though
it is hoped that the law will be thereby simplified, and that in some cases,
at least, palpable injustice will be avoided. For it does not seem consonant
with current ideas of justice or morality that for an act of negligence,
however slight or venial, which results in some trivial foreseeable damage the
actor should liable for all consequences however unforeseeable and however
grave, so long as they can be said to be “direct.” It is a principle of civil
liability, subject only to qualifications which have no present relevance,
that a man must be considered to be responsible for the probable consequences
of his act. To demand more of him is too harsh a rule, to demand less is to
ignore that civilised order requires the observance of a minimum standard of
behaviour.

55 We agree with the Judge that the costs incurred by the appellants in
undergoing fertility treatment in the hope of having another child were not
reasonably foreseeable by the respondents since, in the first place, the fact
that the appellants would become childless was not reasonably foreseeable.
This determination supplements our primary decision that the appellants cannot
recover the cost of fertility treatment because the duty of care owed by the
second respondent to the appellants did not include a legal liability to bear
the appellants’ costs of starting a family again in the event that his
negligence caused the deaths of all of the appellants’ living children.

**_Other observations_**

56 Since the appellants’ claim for the cost of fertility treatment is a novel
head of claim in negligence, we believe, at this juncture, that it would be
helpful to make some observations on the distinction between non-recovery on
account of: (a) the absence of factual foreseeability or legal proximity,
which in turn precludes a duty of care from arising; and (b) the damage
sustained being too remote. This would also serve to explain why our primary
decision in respect of this particular head of claim is in fact capable of
standing on its own without the need to consider if the damage alleged by the
appellants was too remote.

57 The rule in relation to remoteness of damage acts as the final line of
defence, so to speak, against an excessively wide scope of liability. It is,
as V K Rajah JA stated in _Sunny Metal & Engineering Pte Ltd v Ng Khim Ming
Eric_ [2007] 3 SLR 782, the line that marks out the boundary at which the law
distinguishes claims giving rise to “full reparation for the loss suffered”
(at [56]) from those that would impose an “excessive burden … on human
activity” (_ibid_) if the wrongdoer were to be bear all the consequences of
his default. The point where this line is to be drawn is informed by “legal
policy and accepted value judgment” (_ibid_). What is important to emphasise
again is that before the question even arises as to whether the damage alleged
by the plaintiff is too remote, the defendant must first be held to have
caused such damage _in breach of_ his duty of care towards the plaintiff.

58 Finally, as a point of contrast, it is instructive to refer to the decision
of this court in _Tan Hun Hoe v Harte Denis Mathew_ [2001] 4 SLR 317 (“
_Harte_ ”), which the appellants cited in support of their arguments. In that
case, the plaintiff (“Mr Harte”) and his wife (“Mrs Harte”) had been trying to
start a family for some time, without success. Mr Harte then underwent an
operation known as bilateral varicocelectomy, which was supposed to improve
his fertility. However, due to a fall that Mr Harte sustained shortly after
the operation and the defendant surgeon’s lack of post-operation care
following that fall, Mr Harte suffered permanent damage to his testicles.
Amongst the claims that Mr Harte brought against the surgeon was a claim for
the cost of two procedures – namely, testicular sperm extraction and
intracytoplasmic sperm injection (“ICSI”) – that he and Mrs Harte subsequently
underwent in the hope that he could father a child. The appellants highlighted
that Mr Harte was already sub-fertile before the operation and that Mrs Harte
was a “secondary victim”; yet, the former was allowed to recover the costs of
the fertility and hormone replacement treatment undertaken.

59 _Harte_ can be readily distinguished from the facts of the present appeals.
The purpose of the bilateral varicocelectomy operation in _Harte_ was to
improve sperm quality. This court accepted Mr Harte’s submission that the
operation had been successful and that, but for his fall and the subsequent
lack of post-operation care extended by the surgeon, there should have been
“more than an even chance” (_id_ at [82]) – based on the surgeon’s opinion and
other evidence before the court – that Mr Harte’s sperm quality would have
improved, in which case it would probably not have been necessary for Mrs
Harte to undergo ICSI or other assisted means of fertilisation in order to
achieve pregnancy. The harm suffered in _Harte_ (_viz_ , undergoing assisted
means of fertilisation because of the low chance of natural conception and the
associated expenses) was reasonably foreseeable since it would have been clear
to the surgeon that Mr Harte and Mrs Harte were very keen to have children.
That knowledge put the surgeon in a very different position from that of a
negligent driver such as the second respondent.

**Conclusion**

60 For the reasons stated above, the appellants’ appeal (_ie_ , CA 85/2007) in
respect of the awards for loss of dependency is allowed in so far as the
proportion of Gurjiv’s and Pardip’s prospective earnings which is to be
apportioned to the appellants is raised to 35%, and the multiplier is
increased to eight years for the first appellant and 13 years for the second
appellant, respectively. It follows, therefore, that the first respondent’s
cross-appeal on this issue (_ie_ , CA 86/2007) is dismissed.

61 CA 85/2007 is, however, dismissed in so far as the appellants’ claims for
post-traumatic shock and depression and for the cost of fertility treatment
are concerned. Since the appellants have succeeded only in part in CA 85/2007,
we order each party to bear its own costs for that appeal. The costs for CA
86/2007 will be borne by the first respondent. The usual consequential orders
are to follow. The costs orders made in the proceedings below are to stand.

  

_________________

[note: 1]See para 17 of the Appellant’s Case filed by the first respondent in
respect of its cross-appeal in CA 86/2007.

[note: 2]_Id_ , at para 14.

[note: 3]_Id_ , at para 15.

[note: 4]See the Appellants’ Core Bundle (vol 2, at pp 54–55) filed in respect
of CA 85/2007.

[note: 5]See p 5 of the certified transcript of the notes of evidence of the
assessment of damages before the AR on 27 February 2007.

[note: 6]_Id_ , at p 18.

[note: 7]_Id_ , at p 25.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 30 May 2008 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

