Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Tsai Jean v Har Mee Lee and Others  
[2008] SGHC 210

Case Number | : | OS 464/2008  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 18 November 2008  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Andrew Ang J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Vinodh S Coomaraswamy SC (Shook Lin & Bok LLP) and Yong Shu Wei Christopher (Legal21 LLC) for the plaintiff/appellant; Lim Chen Thor Jason and De Souza Kevin (De Souza Lim & Goh LLP), and Foo Yew Heng and Foo En Luen Clarence (Foo & Partners) for the defendants/respondents   
Parties | : |  Tsai Jean — Har Mee Lee; Angela Linda Goutama alias Angela Linda Goutama Goh; Atama Singh s/o Ganga Singh alias Atma Singh   
  
Land – Strata Titles – Collective sales – Application for collective sale
order – Appeal against decision of the Strata Titles Board – Question of law –
Whether Board made an error of law ex facie – Whether the view of the Board
was one that no person acting judicially and properly instructed as to the
relevant law could have come to – Section 98(1) Building Maintenance and
Strata Management Act (Cap 30C, 2008 Rev Ed)  
  
Land – Strata Titles – Collective sales – Land Titles (Strata) Act (Cap 158,
1999 Rev Ed) – Application for collective sale order – Board not satisfied
that the transaction was not in good faith – Whether Board made an error of
law ex facie – Whether the view of the Board was one that no person acting
judicially and properly instructed as to the relevant law could have come to –
Sections 84A(9) and 84A(9)(a)(i) Land Titles (Strata) Act (Cap 158, 1999 Rev
Ed)  
  
Words and Phrases – "Good faith" – Section 84A(9) Land Titles (Strata) Act
(Cap 158, 1999 Rev Ed)  
  

18 November 2008 |  Judgment reserved  
---|---  
  
Andrew Ang J:

1 This is an appeal by the plaintiff (“the appellant”) under s 98(1) of the
Building Maintenance and Strata Management Act (Cap 30C, 2008 Rev Ed)
(“BMSMA”) against the decision of the Strata Titles Board (“the Board”) in STB
No 79 of 2007, _viz_ , _Har Mee Lee v Sin Fook Seng_ [2008] SGSTB 4. In that
decision, the collective sale of the subsidiary strata lots and common
property in Strata Title Plan No 1041 (“the Development”) to Jewel 1 Pte Ltd
(“Jewel”) was ordered at a sale price of $44m pursuant to s 84A(7) of the Land
Titles (Strata) Act (Cap 158, 1999 Rev Ed) (“LTSA”). The overarching issue on
appeal is whether the Board was wrong to have rejected the appellant’s
objection to the application by the defendants (“the respondents”) for the
collective sale order, _viz_ , that the application should be dismissed for a
lack of good faith having regard to the sale price. Section 84A(9) of the LTSA
states that the Board shall not approve an application for a collective sale
order if it “is satisfied” that “the transaction is not in good faith after
taking into account only the following factors”:

(a) the sale price for the lots and the common property in the strata title
plan;

(b) the method of distributing the proceeds of sale; and

(c) the relationship of the purchaser to any of the subsidiary proprietors.

Facts of the case

2 The Development, which is otherwise known as Cairnhill Heights, is a
relatively small development comprising only 19 subsidiary strata units with
19 subsidiary proprietors (“the Subsidiary Proprietors”). On 19 October 2006,
17 of the Subsidiary Proprietors (“the Majority”) signed a collective sale
agreement (“the Collective Sale Agreement”) for the purposes of instituting a
collective sale of the Development. The appellant was not a signatory to the
Collective Sale Agreement.

3 The signing of the Collective Sale Agreement led to the formation of a sale
committee (“the Sale Committee”) which was empowered to institute the
collective sale of the Development “by way of tender or private treaty or
other means … at the best possible price, but not less than the minimum sum of
Singapore Dollars Thirty-eight Million (S$38,000,000.00)” (cl 2(2)(a) of the
Collective Sale Agreement). To assist the Sale Committee, HSR International
Realtor Pte Ltd (“HSR”) and M/s Foo & Partners were appointed as marketing
agent and vendors’ solicitors respectively. Where an offer exceeding the
reserved price (_ie_ , the minimum sum of $38m) was received, cl 4(1) of the
Collective Sale Agreement provided:

[T]he Sale Committee shall have … _irrevocable authority_ to conclude a
contract with that purchaser whose offer price they consider reasonable
(_although not necessarily the highest offer_) after considering that
purchaser’s offer terms and conditions as against those offer terms and
conditions of the other prospective purchasers _without having to convene a
meeting of the Proprietors_. [emphasis added]

4 The first offer to purchase received by the Sale Committee was from Orchard-
Cairnhill Developments Pte Ltd (“Orchard-Cairnhill”) on 29 January 2007 for
$38m. This offer was rejected. On 13 February 2007, the Sale Committee
advertised the Development for sale by public tender. The tender closed on 26
February 2007 without any offer or bid having been received. The Sale
Committee then made a counter-offer on 27 February 2007 to sell the
Development to Orchard-Cairnhill for $38.5m. Orchard-Cairnhill replied through
their solicitors the following day that they were no longer interested in the
purchase of the Development.

5  One month later, on 28 March 2007, the Sale Committee received an offer
from Novelty SEA Pte Ltd (“Novelty”) to purchase the development for $38.25m.
Novelty, at that time, already owned four units in the Development
constituting (approximately 21.21% of the total share values). The Sale
Committee discovered later that Orchard-Cairnhill and Novelty were related
companies and they both belonged to the same person, _viz_ , one Bharat
Dhaimadas Kalwani (_alias_ Mike Kalwani).

6 On 3 April 2007, the Sale Committee received an offer from the Oxley Group
to purchase the Development for $38.5m. Shortly after this offer was received,
on 14 April 2007, the Sale Committee convened an extraordinary general meeting
(“the EGM”) to update the Subsidiary Proprietors on the progress of the
collective sale. At the EGM, the Sale Committee informed the Subsidiary
Proprietors of the offer from Orchard-Cairnhill and the subsequent counter-
offer, the offer from Novelty, and the offer from the Oxley Group. The
Subsidiary Proprietors were also informed that no bids or offers had been
received when the public tender invitation closed on 26 February 2007.

7  About mid-way through the EGM, an increased offer of $38.6 m was tabled by
Orchard-Cairnhill (the relationship between Orchard-Cairnhill and Novelty was
at that time still unknown to the Sale Committee) and an offer of $38.8m was
made by another party known as the Land Resources Group. Thus, the highest
offer received by the Sale Committee as at 14 April 2007 was $38.8m from the
Land Resources Group. The Sale Committee, on the advice of M/s Foo & Partners,
did not accept any of the offers which had been made. The Sale Committee then
decided to instruct HSR to call for another public tender and to provide the
Sale Committee with a comparative market analysis to aid in the determination
of the open market value of the Development.

8 After the EGM, the Sale Committee met again on 20 April 2007, where it was
decided that counter-offers of $50m would be made to the existing bidders. On
21 April 2007, the Sale Committee sent an e-mail to HSR instructing them to
proceed with the second public tender and to provide them with the comparative
market analysis. However, despite the Sale Committee's instructions and
reminders, HSR did not proceed with the second public tender. The Sale
Committee subsequently learned that HSR did not do so because they had
received three notices from the solicitors for Novelty, Legal 21 LLC, which,
in essence, instructed HSR to refrain from proceeding with the second public
tender. HSR acquiesced to those instructions as Novelty was an important
client. In addition to this failure to comply with the Sale Committee’s
instructions, HSR also did not provide the Sale Committee with any comparative
market analysis. Instead, on 7 May 2007, HSR provided the Sale Committee with
a brief update of the property market, which stated as follows:

In the EGM you have requested HSR to provide you with an update of the
property market in relation to the en bloc sale. This is our observations and
conclusions:

1\. The property market has been bullish in the past six months. This is
underpinned by strong interest from foreign buyers and healthy take-up rate.
The highest benchmark price was set by Sing Holdings which invested $361
million to acquire Hillcourt. The investment translates to S$1542 per sq ft
which is substantially higher than $1107 that Capitaland paid for Silver Tower
next door in year 2007.

2\. The high end market has been on the rise for more than two years. Prices
have increased steeply and there is growing rumor [_sic_] that the market is
due for a short correction. Major concerns in the market include the ban of
sand from Indonesia, and increase in development charges. Many developers have
made major land acquisitions and have indicated to us their concerns about
potential overheating.

3\. Cairnhill Heights with its size at about 15,000 sq ft is a relatively
small plot and the absence of a right turn coming from the CTE into Cairnhill
Rise can be negative factors. It is likely that its small size will only
attract selective buyers.

4\. Notwithstanding the above, given the current buoyant market we will pitch
the sale price as high as possible over the reserve price of $38 million.

Recommendations and Conclusion:

1\. We recommend that a public tender be conducted as soon as possible taking
into consideration that the CSA expires Aug 1. We have already conducted the
first public tender in Feb and have also attempted the private treaty route.
As evidenced in your EGM, a public tender now is the most equitable,
transparent and comprehensive method to secure the best price.

2\. We will give maximum publicity via newspaper advertisement and direct
callings on potential buyers during this tender process. As such the tender
process should result in the best possible price.

9  The next day, on 8 May 2007, M/s Foo & Partners received an offer from M/s
Chua Hay & Partners, the solicitors for Jewel, to purchase the Development at
$44m. The deadline given for a response was 15  May 2007. The offer from Jewel
was the highest offer received up to that time. The previous highest offer was
$38.8m from the Land Resources Group (see [7] above). The offer from Jewel
exceeded that offer by $5.2m.

10 The Sale Committee met on 10 May 2007 to consider the offer from Jewel, as
well as whether the second public tender should be conducted, whether a
counter-offer of $50m should be made to the existing bidders, and whether a
valuation of the Development should be requisitioned. After deliberations, the
Sale Committee resolved unanimously to accept the offer from Jewel. The
following conclusions were also reached:

(a) the second public tender should not be conducted as it was doubtful that
good results would be achieved;

(b) there was no use in making the counter-offer as none of the existing
bidders was likely to come up with the money; and

(c) a valuation of the Development was not necessary at that time and it would
be sufficient to commission a valuation only for the purposes of the
application to the Board for a collective sale order.

11 The Option to Purchase (“the Option”) was then granted to Jewel on 17 May
2007 at the sale price of $44m and it was accepted by Jewel on 23 May 2007. A
day after the Option was granted, HSR suddenly did a _volte-face_ on the views
it had expressed in its update of the property market (see [8] above) and
opined that the Development was worth $55m. According to Mdm Har Mee Lee
(“Har”), the first defendant and chairperson of the Sale Committee, this
ostensibly might have been because HSR had not introduced Jewel and therefore
would not have been entitled to any commission from the sale (affidavit filed
24 June 2008 at para 45). The Sale Committee had not consulted HSR about the
offer from Jewel as by that time the Sale Committee had already lost
confidence in HSR. No alternative source of professional advice, however, was
sought by the Sale Committee in regard to Jewel’s offer. On 25 May 2007, the
Sale Committee eventually terminated HSR’s appointment as marketing agent on
the ground that it had lost confidence in HSR as HSR had failed/refused to
carry out its instructions to hold the second public tender, and, in its view,
HSR was unacceptably “defiant” by not providing the comparative market
analysis.

12 Approximately two weeks later, the Sale Committee received a proposal from
the Hutton Group to purchase the Development for $50m. No response was made by
the Sale Committee. According to Har, this proposal could not, on any
reasonable view, be considered to be a firm offer or a serious offer
(affidavit filed 24 June 2008 at para 45). Furthermore, it had been made more
than three weeks after it became public knowledge that the Option had been
granted to Jewel. Accordingly, counsel for the respondents submitted that the
proposal should be construed as a mere “enquiry”.

13 The Sale Committee subsequently appointed Premas Valuers and Property
Consultants Pte Ltd (“Premas”) to provide a valuation report for the purposes
of the application for a collective sale order, pursuant to para 1(e)(vi) of
the Fourth Schedule to the LTSA (as it was). The valuation report from Mr Liaw
Hin Sai (“Liaw”), the valuer from Premas, ascertained the market value of the
Development to be $42,565,726 based on the Direct Comparison Method and
$43,757,120.58 based on the Residual Valuation Method. Liaw later conceded,
before the Board, that there were errors in the computation of the development
charge in the preparation of the valuation and, that after allowing for those
errors, the true open market value of the Development as at 10 May 2007 was
$47m. The appellant also commissioned two valuers, _viz_ , Allied Appraisal
Consultants Pte Ltd (“Allied Appraisal “) and Colliers International
Consultancy and Valuation (Singapore) Pte Ltd (“Colliers”), to express an
opinion on the open market value of the Development. The two valuers, _viz_ ,
Mr Gregory Teo (“Teo”) from Allied Appraisal and Mr Kelvin Ng (“Ng”) from
Colliers, valued the Development at $63m and $60m respectively. During the
Board proceedings, the Board came to the view that the wide disparity between
the valuations was due to the different comparables and factors used by the
valuers, and asked each of the valuers to re-work their valuations with
consideration given to the evidence used by their counterparts (_Har Mee Lee v
Sin Fook Seng_ ([1] _supra_) at [13]–[14]). The revised valuations from Liaw,
Teo and Ng were $48m, $55m, and between $58m and $59m respectively (_id_ at
[14]).

14 On 6 July 2007, the respondents, on the behalf of the Majority, applied to
the Board for a collective sale order under s 84A(1)(b) of the LTSA. The
appellant was the sole objector to the application by the time the hearing
began on 11 February 2008. The main contention of the appellant was that the
sale transaction was carried out with a lack of good faith having regard to
the purchase price involved. On 10 March 2008, the Board gave its decision to
dismiss the appellant’s objection and to allow the application for the
collective sale order. In arriving at its decision, the Board held as follows:

(a) It cannot be said that the Sale Committee’s acts were not in good faith
since the Jewel offer was the highest at the material time and was higher than
the reserve price (_Har Mee Lee v Sin Fook Seng_ ([1] _supra_) at [11]).

(b) The approach of Liaw in valuing the Development was more consistent (_id_
at [15]). Taking into account Liaw’s adjusted valuation of $47m and revised
valuation of $48m, the sale price of $44m was not to be considered
unreasonable but to be within the acceptable range (_id_).

(c) The Jewel offer provided the best indication of the market value of the
Development (_id_).

The appeal

15 In this appeal to the High Court against the decision of the Board, the
appellant submitted that the Board erred in law in granting the application
for the collective sale order as the transaction was not in good faith having
regard to the sale price, this being contrary to s 84A(9)(a)(i) of the LTSA.
The grounds of appeal are as follows:

(a) the Sale Committee refused to seek the advice of HSR when deciding on the
merits of the offer made by Jewel to purchase the Development;

(b) despite refusing to seek the advice of HSR and not knowing what the open
market value of the Development was, the Sale Committee (having applied their
minds to the need for a valuation report) proceeded to accept the offer from
Jewel without the benefit of any valuation report;

(c) the Sale Committee rushed to sell the Development to Jewel even though
there were still more than five months before the expiration of the Collective
Sale Agreement;

(d) one of the main reasons for accepting the Jewel offer was the concern
expressed by the Sale Committee that one of signatories to the Collective Sale
Agreement, _viz_ , Novelty, held more than 20% of the share values in the
Development and failure to accept the Jewel offer would leave the Majority,
including the members of the Sale Committee, at the mercy of Novelty;

(e) having agreed to make counter-offers of $50m for the Development to the
previous bidders, the Sale Committee refused to do so on the basis that it
felt that no higher bid would be received for the Development when, in fact, a
higher bid was received shortly after the acceptance of the Jewel offer;

(f) notwithstanding the express mandate given to the Sale Committee at the EGM
that they proceed to take steps to secure the highest possible price for the
Development, the Sale Committee failed to do so, resulting in the Development
being sold at a price substantially below its open market value; and

(g) the valuation report prepared by Premas to support the sale price
contained numerous fundamentally incorrect information, wholly unsubstantiated
and inconsistent valuation principles, and wrong comparables to arrive at the
valuation of the Development.

Issues before this court

16 Whether a transaction is “not in good faith” can be described as a question
of mixed fact and law. It is a question of fact where one has to make relevant
findings of fact (_vis-à-vis_ good faith) and it is a question of law where
one has to decide whether the findings of fact would constitute a lack of good
faith in law.

17  Pursuant to s 98(1) of the BMSMA, the High Court can only entertain an
appeal against a decision of the Board if the appeal is on a “point of law”.
In _Ng Swee Lang v Sassoon Samuel Bernard_ [2008] 1 SLR 522 (“ _Ng Swee Lang_
”) and _Dynamic Investments Pte Ltd v Lee Chee Kian Silas_ [2008] 1 SLR 729 (“
_Dynamic Investments_ ”), it was concluded that for the purposes of s 98(1) of
the BMSMA, guidance as to the meaning of “point of law” may be derived from
two sources. The first is _Halsbury’s Laws of England_ vol 1(1) (Butterworths,
4th Ed Reissue, 1989) which states (at pp 121–122, para 70):

Errors of law include misinterpretation of a statute or any other legal
document or a rule of common law; asking oneself and answering the wrong
question, taking irrelevant considerations into account or failing to take
relevant considerations into account when purporting to apply the law to the
facts; admitting inadmissible evidence or rejecting admissible and relevant
evidence; exercising a discretion on the basis of incorrect legal principles;
giving reasons which disclose faulty legal reasoning or which are inadequate
to fulfil an express duty to give reasons, and misdirecting oneself as to the
burden of proof.

This passage was referred to with approval by Selvam JC in _MC Strata Title No
958 v Tay Soo Seng_ [1993] 1 SLR 870 (at [22]). The second is _Edwards v
Bairstow_ [1956] AC 14 where Lord Radcliffe stated (at 35–36):

My Lords, I must apologise for taking so much time to repeat what I believe to
be settled law. But it seemed to be desirable to say this much, having regard
to what appears in the judgments in the courts below as to a possible
divergence of principle between the English and Scottish courts. I think that
the true position of the court in all these cases can be shortly stated. If a
party to a hearing before commissioners expresses dissatisfaction with their
determination as being erroneous in point of law, it is for them to state a
case and in the body of it to set out the facts that they have found as well
as their determination. … If the case contains anything ex facie which is bad
law and which bears upon the determination, it is, obviously, erroneous in
point of law. But, without any such misconception appearing ex facie, it may
be that the facts found are such that no person acting judicially and properly
instructed as to the relevant law could have come to the determination upon
appeal. In those circumstances, too, the court must intervene. It has no
option but to assume that there has been some misconception of the law and
that this has been responsible for the determination. So there, too, there has
been error in point of law.

18 Put simply, therefore, the Board’s not being satisfied that the transaction
was not in good faith (regard being given to the purchase price of the
Development) cannot be challenged unless the Board made an error of law either
_ex facie_ (“the first issue”) or had made a determination that no person
acting judicially and properly instructed as to the relevant law could have
come to (“the second issue”).

**_The first issue_**

19 In _Secretary, Department of Education, Employment, Training and Youth
Affairs v Prince_ (1998) 152 ALR 127, Finn J observed that the term “good
faith” has been characterised as a “protean one having longstanding usage in a
variety of statutory and, for that matter, common law contexts” (at p 130).
Roger Brownsword _et al_ similarly describe good faith in “ _Good Faith in
Contract: Concept and Context_ ”, which is found in Brownsword _et al_ (ed), “
_Good Faith in Contract_ ” (Brookfield, 1999), as such (at p 3):

[G]ood faith is an elusive idea, taking on different meanings and emphases as
we move from one context to another – whether the particular context is
supplied by the type of legal system (eg, common law, civilian, or hybrid),
the type of contract (eg, commercial or consumer), or the nature of the
subject matter of the contract (eg, insurance, employment, sale of goods,
financial services, and so on).

Nevertheless, as noted in _Dynamic Investments_ ([17] _supra_), while good
faith takes different forms in various legal contexts, whichever form it
takes, there appears to be a core meaning to the expression involving honesty
or absence of bad faith (at [17]). This would be evident in the following
cases.

20 In _Central Estates (Belgravia) Ltd v Woolgar_ [1972] 1 QB 48 (“ _Central
Estates_ ”), the meaning of the words “in good faith” was considered by Lord
Denning MR, in the context of para 4(1) of Sched 3 to the Leasehold Reform Act
1967 (UK), to require the presence of dishonesty or an ulterior motive. The
Master of the Roll’s remarks were as follows (at 55):

How then are we to decide whether the tenant’s claim to buy the freehold is
made in good faith, or not? The words “in good faith” are often used in
statutes but rarely defined. A good instance is the Larceny Act 1916, which
speaks of “a claim of right made in good faith”, but does not tell us what
“good faith” means. Other instances come readily to mind. The Limitation Act
1939, section 26, speaks of cases when a right of action is concealed by
“fraud”, but does not define what is meant by “fraud” in this context. It is
left to the courts to work it out from case to case: see _Applegate v. Moss_
[1971] 1 Q.B. 406. In all such cases, when a word or phrase goes undefined,
the judges have to work out for themselves the meaning of it, doing the best
they can to interpret the will of the legislature in regard to it. That is the
principle I stated in _Seaford Court Estates v. Asher_ [1949] 2 K.B. 481, 499.
_To my mind, under this statute a claim is made “in good faith” when it is
made honestly and with no ulterior motive._ It must be made by the tenant
honestly in the belief that he has a lawful right to acquire the freehold or
an extended lease, and it must be made without any ulterior motive, such as to
avoid the just consequences of his own misdeeds or failures. _If the landlord
asserts that the tenant’s claim is not made in good faith, the burden is on
the landlord to satisfy the court that the tenant, in making the claim, was
acting dishonestly or with an ulterior motive_. [emphasis added]

In _Smith v Morrison_ [1974] 1 WLR 659, the court had to consider the meaning
of “good faith” in the context of r 2(2) of the Land Registration (Official
Searches) Rules 1969 (UK), which defined the word “purchaser” to denote “any
person who in good faith and for valuable consideration acquires or intends to
acquire a legal estate in land”. Plowman J referred, with approval, to Lord
Denning’s remarks in _Central Estates_ , observing that they were in general
terms. He then continued on the topic, stating the following (at 676):

The question of good faith then is partly one of law and partly one of fact.
So far as law is concerned, in my judgment, _if a purchaser acts honestly he
is acting “in good faith”_ within the meaning of rule 2 of the rules of 1969,
and I so hold. [emphasis added]

Finally, in _Mogridge v Clapp_ [1892] 3 Ch 382, Kekewich J described good
faith as the absence of bad faith or _mala fides_. He stated (at 391):

Now, what does “good faith” mean? What is meant by those two English words
which are the exact equivalent in every sense of the expression which is
perhaps more commonly used, though not more correctly or properly, _bona
fides_? _I think that the best way of defining the expression, so far as it is
necessary or safe to define it, is by saying that it is the absence of bad
faith_ – of _mala fides_. [emphasis added]

21 Thus, it would appear that a lack of good faith connotes the presence of
dishonesty or bad faith. The appellant submits that it is not necessary to
show outright dishonesty or bad faith as this would set Parliament’s safeguard
for the rights of minority owners too high. At its widest, a lack of good
faith could possibly include an egregious form of recklessness bordering on
intent. In _Medforth v Blake_ [1999] 3 WLR 922, which was quoted with approval
in _Roberto Building Material Pte Ltd v Oversea-Chinese Banking Corp Ltd_
[2003] 2 SLR 237, Sir Richard Scott stated (at 937–938):

I do not think that the concept of good faith should be diluted by treating it
as capable of being breached by conduct that is not dishonest or otherwise
tainted by bad faith. It is sometimes said that recklessness is equivalent to
intent. Shutting one’s eyes deliberately to the consequences of what one is
doing may make it impossible to deny an intention to bring about those
consequences. Thereapart, however, the concepts of negligence on the one hand
and fraud or bad faith on the other ought, in my view, to be kept strictly
apart. … In my judgment, the breach of a duty of good faith should, in this
area as in all others, require some dishonesty or improper motive, some
element of bad faith, to be established.

I would add that it has been established by the Court of Appeal in _Ng Swee
Lang v Sassoon Samuel Bernard_ [2008] 2 SLR 597, that the Legislative intent
underlying collective sale legislation is towards the facilitation of
collective sales. To construe good faith in any other manner would tend to
undermine the Legislative intent as it would lower the threshold for objectors
to cross.

22 On a separate point, the appellant’s submission that the court should be
guided by the principles underlying a mortgagee’s duties in exercising his
power of sale, _viz_ , to act in good faith and also to take reasonable care
to obtain the true market value or the proper price of the mortgaged property
(see _Lee Nyet Khiong v Lee Nyet Yun Janet_ [1997] 2 SLR 713 at [34]), is
misconceived. As stated by the Board in STB No 43 of 2007, _viz_ _Mamata
Kapildev Dave v Lo Pui Sang/Kuah Kim Choo_ [2008] SGSTB 7 (at [58]):

In the Board's view, the [Sale Committee’s] position is not like that of the
mortgagee though superficially there may be some similarity. Members of the
[Sale Committee] are not just selling property of the minority owners, or of
the other consenting subsidiary proprietors, they are also selling their own
property. They are not merely interested in the property being sold as
creditors. They have an interest as owners as much as the other subsidiary
proprietors. Thus unlike the mortgagee who is interested as a creditor to
recoup the sum owing to him under the mortgage, the members of the [Sale
Committee] are also selling their own units. Their interest as owners would
mean that they would be inclined to try to obtain the best price available.
Thus under the LTSA the [Sale Committee’s] express duty is to see that the
sale transaction goes through for a price that is obtained otherwise than ‘not
in good faith’. As counsel for the 10th Respondent has noted in his closing
submissions, there is no express statutory duty on the [Sale Committee] other
than this: they need only ensure that the sale transaction is in good faith.

**_The second issue_**

23 Section 84A(9)(a)(i) of the LTSA requires the Board to dismiss an
application for a collective sale order if it is “satisfied that the
transaction is not in good faith”. Therefore, the issue before this court is
whether the view that the Board reached (_ie_ , that it was not satisfied that
the transaction was not in good faith) was one that no person acting
judicially and properly instructed as to the relevant law could have come to.

24 Parenthetically, I would observe that the factors which the Board is
permitted to take into account in deciding whether it is satisfied that a
decision is not in good faith are expressly limited by s 84A(9)(a)(i) of the
LTSA to the sale price for the lots and the common property in the strata
title plan, the method of distributing the proceeds of sale and the
relationship of the purchaser to any of the subsidiary proprietors. As such,
it would appear at first blush that _nothing else_ should be taken into
account where the issue of good faith in a transaction is being considered. I
am of the view, however, that to give the sub-section such a strict and
literal interpretation would be to render it unworkable. It would be
impossible to be satisfied, one way or the other, whether a transaction was in
good faith if only the sale price (_ie_ , a dollar amount) is to be taken into
account. Limiting the Board’s scope of consideration in such a manner cannot
have been the intention of the Legislature as other facts relevant to the sale
price, such as the valuation of the property in question and, possibly, the
background to the acceptance of the sale price, would be material to the
Board’s finding. In particular, if the valuation could not be taken into
account, there would be no point in the Fourth Schedule to the LTSA requiring
a valuation to be produced before the Board and s 84A(5) empowering the Board
to call for a valuation report.

Decision of the court

**_The first issue_**

25 There does not appear to be any error of law _ex facie_ on the part of the
Board. While the Board did not spell out its interpretation of the meaning of
good faith, it can be assumed, from a holistic reading of the reasons for its
decision, that the Board had approached the appellant’s objection from the
viewpoint that a lack of good faith connotes the presence of dishonesty or bad
faith. The remaining issue would therefore be whether the Board’s
determination that it was not satisfied that the transaction was not in good
faith was one that no person acting judicially and properly instructed as to
the relevant law could have come to.

**_The second issue_**

26 The grounds of appeal raised by the appellant can be divided into three
main contentions. The first would be that the Sale Committee failed to proceed
to take steps to secure the highest possible price for the Development. In
support thereof, it is argued that the Sale Committee refused to seek the
advice of HSR when deciding on the merits of the offer made by Jewel and,
without the benefit of any valuation report nor knowledge as to what the open
market value of the Development was, proceeded to accept the offer from Jewel.
This contention, however, does not take into account the fact that just prior
to receiving the offer from Jewel, the Sale Committee had received a market
update prepared by HSR which expressed pessimism and uncertainty in regard to
the marketability of the Development. While the Sale Committee had reason to
distrust HSR’s advice at that stage, nevertheless, in light of the low offers
it had received prior to the offer from Jewel, it had reason to believe the
pessimism and uncertainty. In the circumstances, the offer from Jewel, which
was $5.2m higher than the next highest offer (see [9] above), must have
appeared to be a very attractive offer and one which would be in the best
interests of all of the Subsidiary Proprietors to accept.

27 Another supporting argument advanced for the first contention is that the
Sale Committee decided to sell the Development to Jewel even though there was
still more than five months before the expiration of the Collective Sale
Agreement. This argument ignores the obvious – that delaying the acceptance of
the offer from Jewel would not ensure that a better offer would come along but
could result in loss of the offer should Jewel decide to withdraw the same.
There was, of course, an opinion from HSR (for what it was worth) given a day
after the Option was granted that the Development could fetch $55m (see [11]
above ) and a proposal from the Hutton Group three weeks after it became
public knowledge that the Option had been given to Jewel to purchase the
Development for $50m (see [12] above). However, leaving aside doubts as to the
genuineness of HSR’s opinion and the Hutton Group’s proposal, they were not
known to the Sale Committee at the time it made the decision to grant the
Option to Jewel and should therefore be of no consequence in any analysis as
to whether the Sale Committee acted in good faith. It would, put simply, not
be appropriate for the court or Board to assess good faith on the basis of
hindsight (see, also, _Chang Mei Wah Selena v Wiener Robert Lorenz_ [2008]
SGHC 97 (at [33]).

28 A further supporting argument for the first contention is that the Sale
Committee changed its mind about making counter-offers of $50m to the previous
bidders for the Development. The earlier decision to make the counter-offers
was reached prior to receipt of the offer from Jewel and, quite obviously, was
made more in the hope than in any expectation that a higher offer would
eventuate. As Har deposed in her affidavit filed on 24 June 2000 at para 45,
there was no obligation to make a counter-offer and the making of a counter-
offer was to be at the discretion of the Sale Committee. Furthermore, it does
not appear that it was unreasonable for the Sale Committee to have decided
against making the counter-offers. As noted in the minutes of the meeting on
10 May 2007 in reference to several of the previous bidders, apart from the
unlikelihood of their outbidding Jewel (given their much lower offers
earlier), they were, to begin with, “probably not particularly enthusiastic
purchasers, since they had not followed up on their bids either”.

29 The second main contention is that the deliberations by the Sale Committee
before it accepted the offer from Jewel were inadequate and lacking in
maturity. In support, the minutes of the meeting of the Sale Committee on 10
May 2007 are referred to and, in particular, the observations from some
members of the Sale Committee that by not accepting the Jewel Offer they would
become the “laughing stock of Singapore” and that they would “fall at the
mercy of Novelty” (see Appellant’s Written Submissions at para 5.10.3). The
minutes, in truth, however, do not indicate a lack of proper deliberations by
the Sale Committee. This would be clear from the pertinent parts which are set
out verbatim as follows:

Christine: According to the [EGM], the tender was to start the following week.
Starting the tender now, three weeks after the [EGM] is hardly abiding by the
wishes of the [EGM]. And what confidence do we have that HSR will carry out
the tender? … For as long as we are stuck with HSR, I don’t think a tender
will ever happen.

…

Atama: We are not ignoring our duty to the proprietors by not having the
tender now. The first priority is selling the property. It now seems that the
tender will take too long.

Chirstine: This is the best offer we ever had. And don’t forget, there was not
a single expression of interest at the previous tender. The whole of Singapore
will laugh at us. This is Cairnhill – hottest area in the property market
today and no offer. Something stinks.

Atama: Problem is that most developers know the reserve price and that Sale
Committee is not cooperating with each other to tackle Novelty. They also know
that one person is holding on to 4 units. If we hold out for $50m, we may have
to wait for next year, and there’s no guarantee that we will get it.

Christine: I am in favour of accepting this offer unless some better offer
appears on Monday prior to our deadline. Given the obstacles we have faced and
are facing, this is the best price we can possibly get. I am prepared to tell
the [EGM] of all the problems we have encountered and I hope at that time,
every member of the Sale Committee will stand together and back one another
up.

…

Mrs Kwek: What if there are dissenting parties questioning why there was no
tender.

Mr Foo: Sale Committee can explain that the objective of going for a tender
was to get the best price. But given the obstacles faced by the Sale
Committee, and the experience of the first tender, there is the possibility of
no interest, compared to something hot on the table right now. A new tender is
not likely to bring good results.

Christine: I don’t see a tender likely in the foreseeable future. I do not
believe HSR will go for tender and do not believe we will necessarily get a
better price if we go for tender based on previous tender experience.

…

Christine: I’m in favour of accepting this offer unless we receive a better
offer by close of business on Monday. Did you check to see if the offeror is a
bona fide company?

Mr Foo: Yes, but we cannot check the financial strength of the company. But to
be able to commit 5% shows some strength.

30 The final main contention is that Liaw’s valuation report in support of the
sale price contained numerous errors. The Board, however, did not accept
Liaw’s original valuation of the Development and only accepted Liaw’s adjusted
valuation of $47m and revised valuation of $48m. The valuations given by Liaw
were preferred over the valuations given by Teo and Ng, as Liaw had been more
consistent in his approach (see _Har Mee Lee v Sin Fook Seng_ ([1] _supra_) at
[15]). Other than bare assertions, there is nothing offered by the appellant
to impugn this view of the Board which was, in any case, a finding of fact not
open to appeal under s 98(1) of the BMSMA. That having been said, the offer
from Jewel, _viz_ , $44m, was not too far off Liaw’s adjusted valuation of
$47m and revised valuation of $48m. Furthermore, the offer from Jewel was $6m
higher than the reserve price of $38m. As such, the sale price _per se_ should
not give rise to any inference of dishonesty or bad faith.

31 The appellant submitted that, by holding that the sale price of $44m was
within the “acceptable range” (_Har Mee Lee v Sin Fook Seng_ ([1] _supra_) at
[15]), the Board had exercised its discretion on the basis of an incorrect
legal principle. It was stated that there was “no warrant for the [Board’s]
application of the novel concept of ‘acceptable range’ in construing section
84A(9)(a)(i)” (Appellant’s Written Submissions at para 1.3.1). In my view, in
elevating the Board’s statement to one of principle, the appellant was merely
putting up a straw man to knock down. It seems to me that the Board was merely
implying that it was easier to conclude that there was no lack of good faith
as the sale price was not far off the valuation.

32 From the above, it is clear that the Sale Committee had not acted with
dishonesty or bad faith, nor even recklessness. In totality, it cannot be said
that the Board, in not being satisfied that there was a lack of good faith in
the transaction, had made a determination that no person acting judicially and
properly instructed as to the relevant law could come to.

Conclusion

33 For the foregoing reasons, I dismiss the appeal with costs to be taxed
unless agreed.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 18 Nov 2008 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

