Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Vita Life Sciences Limited and Another v Arthur Andersen and Another  
[2008] SGHC 85

Case Number | : | Suit 454/2005, SUM 720/2008  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 09 June 2008  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Chi Qiyuan Douglas AR   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Muthu Kumaran (Bernard & Rada Law Corporation) for the plaintiffs; Rethnam Chandra Mohan and Ng Jin (Rajah & Tann LLP) for the first defendants   
Parties | : |  Vita Life Sciences Limited; Vita Health Laboratories Pte Ltd — Arthur Andersen; Ernst & Young   
  
Civil Procedure  
  

9 June 2008 |  Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
AR Chi Qiyuan Douglas:

Introduction

1 The present application comes at the end of a protracted dispute between the
parties which began almost three years ago with the issuance of the
plaintiffs’ writ of summons in June 2005. The dispute has been successfully
resolved as the parties have managed to reach a settlement without the need to
go to trial. Unfortunately, there remains some further disagreement between
the parties on the issue of costs arising out of an Offer to Settle (“OTS”)
which was made by the first defendant, and which was accepted by the
plaintiffs. Before outlining the issues that arise for determination, I first
proceed to lay out the background facts.

Background facts

2 The plaintiffs’ claim against the defendants was based on an alleged breach
of contract and/or negligence on the part of the first defendant in connection
with its audits of various financial statements of the second plaintiff and
the latter’s parent company. The plaintiffs did not proceed with the action as
against the second defendant, and so the first defendant, Messrs Arthur
Andersen, was the sole defendant in these proceedings (for convenience,
hereinafter referred to as “the defendant”). The defendant is the applicant in
the present application, while the plaintiffs are the respondents.

3 At a pre-trial conference (“PTC”) on 19 October 2007, the parties took
directions on, _inter alia_ , the timelines for the filing and exchange of
affidavits of evidence-in-chief (“AEICs”). The court also directed that the
action be set down by 24 December 2007, and fixed trial dates for 21 January
2008 to 1 February 2008.

4 On 31 October 2007, the defendant served on the plaintiffs an OTS made
pursuant to O 22A of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2006 Rev Ed) (“the
Rules”) in the following terms:

[The defendant] offer (_sic_) to settle the above proceedings on the following
terms:

[The defendant] pay to [the plaintiffs] the sum of S$450,000 in full and final
settlement of [the plaintiffs’] claim herein and costs, up to and including
the date of the offer herein, on the appropriate basis to be taxed, if not
agreed.

The OTS was dated 31 October 2007, and as we shall see later, was accepted by
the plaintiffs on 10 January 2008. For convenience, I will refer to this OTS
in the judgment as “the defendant’s OTS”.

5 In the meanwhile, the parties proceeded to exchange their AEICs. While it
appeared that the plaintiffs had some difficulty in complying with the
original timelines given by the court, the parties eventually exchanged their
AEICs on 19 December 2007, and the taking of objections to the contents of the
AEICs was completed by 2 January 2008. There was, however, some delay in the
setting down for trial and although the set down date had already been
extended to 8 January 2008, the matter still had not been set down by 9
January 2008. In any event, on 9 January 2008, the Registry of the Supreme
Court (“the Registry”) wrote to the parties informing them to attend before
the court for a PTC on 11 January 2008. I should also mention that it was also
on 9 January 2008 that the plaintiffs served an OTS of their own (“the
plaintiffs’ OTS”) on the defendant. However, since the plaintiffs’ OTS did not
form the basis of the settlement between the parties, it is unnecessary for me
to set out its terms in the judgment.

6 On 10 January 2008, the defendant served on the plaintiffs a notice of its
intention to withdraw the defendant’s OTS pursuant to O 22A r 3 of the Rules.
On the same day, however, within the notice period for the withdrawal of the
defendant’s OTS, the plaintiffs accepted the defendant’s OTS. It bears mention
that no question arose as to whether or not the defendant’s OTS was capable of
being accepted by the plaintiffs on 10 January 2008; rightly so, given the
requirement in O 22A r 3(2) of the Rules of providing at least one day’s prior
notice of the intention to withdraw the offer. In other words, both parties
were agreed that there was a valid acceptance of the defendant’s OTS on 10
January 2008. Accordingly, before the parties were due to attend before the
court on 11 January 2008 for the PTC, they had reached an out-of-court
settlement.

7 On 11 January 2008, the parties duly attended before the registrar having
conduct of the PTC (“the PTC Registrar”). The parties’ solicitors informed the
PTC Registrar that the parties had settled, and then went on to provide the
court with the terms of the settlement, which were the terms set out in the
defendant’s OTS. The PTC Registrar then recorded that “By consent, judgment
[was] so entered”.

8 Through a series of correspondence that followed between the parties’
solicitors, a clear disagreement over the issue of costs and the applicability
of O 22A r 9(2) of the Rules to the defendant’s OTS arose. I will refer to the
relevant correspondence later in the judgment. For present purposes, it
suffices to note that the defendant took the position that O 22A r 9(2) of the
Rules applied such that it was entitled to costs from “the date 14 days after
the date of the service of the offer assessed up to the date that the notice
of acceptance was served”. Unsurprisingly, the plaintiffs took the opposite
view: the issue of costs had already been provided for in the defendant’s OTS
and accordingly, O 22A r 9(2) of the Rules had no application whatsoever.

9 In addition, the plaintiffs’ solicitors’ had also drawn up a draft Order of
Court (“the Draft Order”) for the defendant’s solicitors’ endorsement. Yet
again, there was a large dispute between the respective solicitors over the
terms of the Draft Order to be approved. This was another issue, albeit
clearly related to the issue of costs, which was being continuously hammered
about by both sets of solicitors in the correspondence I have referred to in
the paragraph above, and details of which I will provide in the relevant
portion of my judgment. For now, it suffices to note that an Order of Court
dated 11 January 2008 (which was in the same terms as the Draft Order) was
extracted by the plaintiffs’ solicitors on 14 February 2008 (“the Extracted
Order”) despite the lack of agreement on the part of the defendant’s
solicitors.

10 On 18 February 2008, the defendant’s solicitors took out the present
application which prayed for, _inter alia_ , the following orders:

(a) the Extracted Order be set aside and/or revoked and/or expunged;

(b) directions be given, if necessary, for parties to see the PTC Registrar to
settle the terms of the Extracted Order; and

(c) the plaintiffs pay the defendant costs of the proceedings from the date 14
days after the date of service of the defendant’s OTS (_ie_ , 14 November
2007) to the date when the defendant’s OTS was accepted by the plaintiffs
(_ie_ , 10 January 2008).

Issues

11 There were two main issues that arose in the present application:

(a) Whether O 22A r 9(2) of the Rules applied to the defendant’s OTS (“the OTS
issue”); and

(b) Whether the Extracted Order should be set aside and/or revoked and/or
expunged (“the Extracted Order issue”).

12 Before dealing with these issues _in seriatim_ , it will be helpful to
detail the way in which I dealt with some preliminary issues that emerged at
the hearing itself. First, a concern of mine was to ensure that the minute
sheet of the PTC Registrar (“the Court minute sheet”) properly recorded and
reflected the proceedings as they transpired during the PTC on 11 January
2008. In particular, I wanted to dispose of any issue as to whether what was
recorded on the Court minute sheet was not what was informed to the PTC
Registrar and/or intended by the parties at that relevant time. To my mind, if
there were any slight doubt (held by either party) as to the accuracy of the
Court minute sheet, the proper course would be for the parties to see the PTC
Registrar to clarify those doubts. Ultimately, my concerns proved to be
unfounded as the parties confirmed before me that the Court minute sheet
properly recorded what was told to her by counsel during that PTC. This
effectively disposed of the prayer in the defendant’s application for
directions to be given for the parties to see the PTC Registrar to settle the
terms of the Extracted Order. Since there was no doubt that the Court minute
sheet was an accurate reflection of the proceedings before the court, there
was no necessity for the parties to go back to the PTC Registrar to seek
clarification.

13 Secondly, I wanted to find out whether the fact that the settlement was
reached by means of an accepted OTS under the Rules was mentioned to the PTC
Registrar. To this question, counsel could not give me a conclusive answer one
way or the other: both counsel endeavoured to check their respective
attendance notes for a record of the same but were unable to confirm either
way. Be that as it may, the parties did however confirm that the information
provided to the PTC Registrar was premised on the plaintiffs’ acceptance of
the defendant’s OTS and not on some other agreement or fresh settlement
entered into by the parties. I should state briefly why this was of some
concern to me. In my view, if the parties had appeared before the PTC
Registrar merely to record a consent judgment _per se_ , even though the terms
of that consent judgment might have been identical to that of an accepted OTS,
that would have taken the matter beyond the realms of the OTS regime under O
22A of the Rules and the parties would have to stand and fall by the terms of
the freely agreed consent judgment (save for the existence of any grounds upon
which an agreement can be set aside: see below at [62])).

14 I should state that I am of the view that this remains one _possible_ way
of dealing with the matter before me, notwithstanding the inconclusive
inquiries into whether or not an OTS was mentioned to the PTC Registrar. This
is because I find it both reasonable and logical to hold that since the
parties have decided to enter a “by consent judgment”, neither party should be
allowed to interfere with such a judgment so entered where the only basis for
doing so is that the judgment has turned out to be a bad decision for one
side, or has an effect that is unintended by one party. In this connection, I
urge counsel to be extra mindful of the implications of entering a consent
judgment before embarking on such a step in any proceedings.

15 Nonetheless, having said that, there are a number of factors which
persuaded me not to deal with the matter in this manner. First, the
plaintiffs’ counsel conceded that the manifest intention of the parties when
the terms of the settlement were informed to the PTC Registrar was to give
effect to the defendant’s OTS. I do note, however, that counsel for the
plaintiffs did qualify this by maintaining his position that the parties had
elected to have the terms of the defendant’s OTS recorded as a consent
judgment _per se_. Indeed, counsel for the plaintiffs had, as one of his
strands of argument, placed much emphasis on the _effect_ of a consent
judgment which, according to him, was exhaustive of the rights of the parties.
However, the plaintiffs did not vigorously pursue this line of argument,
preferring instead to focus on the substantive merits of the issue of whether
O 22A r 9(2) of the Rules applied to the defendant’s OTS. This is the second
reason why I elected not to summarily decide the matter in this manner.
Finally, and perhaps most crucially, it seems to me that it would be overly
technical to rule in this way since such a decision would clearly favour form
over substance in a situation which does not call for such an approach – where
there is no evidence before me that the parties had intended for the consent
judgment (and its attendant terms) to be entered _independently_ of the
defendant’s OTS and be treated as a stand-alone agreement between the parties.

16 While noting that the Extracted Order issue (and in a related vein, the
issue of the consent judgment as discussed above) could effectively determine
the outcome of this matter quite apart from the OTS issue, I have decided to
address the latter in priority to the former for the simple reason that the
OTS issue is clearly the issue that is at the heart of the dispute between the
parties. It is also on this issue that there appears to be a lack of local
jurisprudence.

**Whether O 22A r 9(2) of the Rules applied**

17 I therefore turn first to the OTS issue, _viz_ , whether O 22A r 9(2) of
the Rules applied to the defendant’s OTS. Order 22A r 9(2) of the Rules
provides as follows:

**Costs (O. 22A, r. 9)**

9\. …

(2) Where an accepted offer to settle does not provide for costs –

(a) where the offer was made by the plaintiff, he will be entitled to his
costs assessed to the date that the notice of acceptance was served;

(b) where the offer was made by the defendant, the plaintiff will be entitled
to his costs assessed to the date he was served with the offer, and the
defendant will be entitled to his costs from the date 14 days after the date
of the service of the offer assessed up to the date that the notice of
acceptance was served.

Since the OTS in question, _viz_ , the defendant’s OTS, was made by the
defendant, we are solely concerned with limb (_b_), assuming of course that O
22A r 9(2) of the Rules applies in the first place. For this, we have to look
at the operative words “[w]here an accepted offer to settle does not provide
for costs”. Thus, the issue in the present case is quite simply whether the
defendant’s OTS constitutes an OTS _that does not provide for costs_.

**_The defendant’s position_**

18 The crux of the defendant’s argument was that O 22A r 9(2) of the Rules
applied to the defendant’s OTS. Although the defendant acknowledged that there
was a dearth of local authority on what constituted an OTS that did not
provide for costs, the defendant submitted that cases from the courts of
Ontario, Canada were instructive. This was because Ontario had a similar
procedure and OTS regime, which was contained in r 49 of Ontario’s Rules of
Civil Procedure (RRO 1990, Reg 194) (“the Ontario Rules”), to that found in
Singapore under O 22A of the Rules. The defendant relied on the Singapore
Court of Appeal case of _The Endurance I_ [1999] 1 SLR 661 (at [39]), for the
proposition that r 49 of the Ontario Rules was in _pari materia_ with O 22A of
the Rules. In particular, the defendant highlighted r 49.07(05) of the Ontario
Rules which states:

49.07 (5) Costs –

Where an accepted offer to settle does not provide for the disposition of
costs, the plaintiff is entitled,

(a) where the offer was made by the defendant, to his or her costs assessed to
the date the plaintiff was served with the offer; or

(b) where the offer was made by the plaintiff, to his or her costs assessed to
the date that the notice of acceptance was served.

and pointed out that this rule was in _pari materia_ with O 22A r 9(2) of the
Rules.

19 In a nutshell, the defendant’s case was that where an OTS was silent or
ambiguous as to the question of costs, O 22A r 9(2) of the Rules ought to
apply. To this end, the defendant advanced three arguments. First, the
defendant relied on the Canadian case of _Tearle v Smith_ [2005] OJ No 4594 as
authority for this proposition. At [8] of Henderson J’s judgment, the learned
judge stated as follows:

The purpose of Rule 49.07(5) is to provide for a resolution of the costs issue
where an offer is silent or ambiguous with respect to costs.

20 Secondly, the defendant relied on the (also) Canadian case of _Bickmore v
Bickmore_ (1996) OTC LEXIS 4191 (“ _Bickmore_ ”). In that case, the husband
who was the defendant in those proceedings had made an offer to settle to the
wife who was the plaintiff. Under the terms of the offer, the wife was to pay
the husband’s costs on a solicitor and client basis “from the date of [the]
offer to the date of acceptance” (_id_ , [7]). There was no mention in the
offer of any other costs. The wife claimed that she was entitled to costs up
to the date of the offer on the basis of r 49.07(5) of the Ontario Rules
(_supra_ , [18]). The Ontario court allowed the wife’s claim and held that as
the offer was silent as to the disposition of costs prior to the time the
wife’s solicitor was served with the offer, r 49.07(5) of the Ontario Rules
applied. The court was also of the opinion that the wife was entitled to
consider r 49.07(5) of the Ontario Rules and accept the offer by the husband
“on the justifiable assumption [that] she would be entitled to party and party
costs as stated in the rule” (_id_ , [20]). Relying on _Bickmore_ , the
defendant contended that where there was a partial provision of costs (for a
certain segment of the proceedings) in an OTS, the OTS was to be treated as
being “silent” with respect to costs for the time periods not covered by the
OTS. In such circumstances, the defendant submitted that O 22A r 9(2) of the
Rules would apply. In the present case, the defendant’s OTS was silent and/or
made no provision as to the disposition of costs after the date of the offer.
Accordingly, the defendant submitted that O 22A r 9(2)(_b_) of the Rules would
apply and the defendant was therefore entitled to its costs from the date 14
days after the date of the service of the offer assessed up to the date that
the notice of acceptance was served.

21 Third, the defendant also submitted that O 22A r 9(2)(_b_) of the Rules
should apply in the present case as a matter of public policy and in line with
the objectives of O 22A of the Rules. The defendant stated that the objective
of O 22A of the Rules was to facilitate settlement between disputing parties
in an efficient and costs-saving manner: see _Singapore Airlines Ltd v Tan
Shwu Leng_ [2001] 4 SLR 593, 602 and the Canadian case of _Data General
(Canada) v Molnar Systems Group_ (1991) 85 DLR (4th) 392, 398. The defendant
contended that the plaintiffs had only opted to accept the defendant’s OTS
approximately ten days before the commencement of trial, notwithstanding that
the OTS had been served on the plaintiffs more than two months before. As
such, the defendant submitted that both as a matter of rule and policy, the
plaintiffs should be ordered to pay the defendant’s costs which could
otherwise have been avoided if the plaintiffs had accepted the defendant’s OTS
earlier.

**_The plaintiffs’ position_**

22 The plaintiffs, on the other hand, adopted the view that O 22A r 9(2) of
the Rules had no application in the present case. They contended that the
plain and ordinary meaning of the expression “does not provide for costs” was
that the OTS contained no provision whatsoever on costs; the OTS had to be
wholly silent on costs before O 22A r 9(2) of the Rules could apply. It was
_only_ in such a situation where the default positions on costs as provided
for in O 22A rr 9(2)(_a_) and 9(2)(_b_) of the Rules respectively would kick-
in and apply in respect of that OTS.

23 In this connection, the plaintiffs relied on the observations of Woo Bih Li
J in _SBS Transit Ltd (formerly known as Singapore Bus Service Ltd) v Teo Chye
Seng Douglas_ [2005] SGHC 15 (“the _SBS Transit_ case”) as support for their
case. In that case, the learned judge made the following _obiter_ remarks on O
22A r 9(2) of the Rules (at [31]):

I also add that quite often, offers to settle omit to mention a counterclaim.
I encourage every person who is drafting such an offer to go through the
pleadings carefully to ensure that the offer clearly specifies all claims,
including counterclaims, that are meant to be included… Issues of interest and
costs should also be stated clearly in the offer to settle although O 22A r
9(2) of [the Rules] does make provision for the situation where an offer to
settle does not provide for costs.

The plaintiffs contended that Woo J took extra precaution in paraphrasing the
situations in which O 22A r 9(2) of the Rules applied. The plaintiffs
submitted that it was significant that Woo J chose to use the same words as
set out in O 22A r 9(2) of the Rules, _viz_ , “where an offer to settle does
not provide for costs”, and did not state, for example, that O 22A r 9(2) of
the Rules would apply “in so far as the offer to settle does not provide for
costs _of the entire action_ ” (emphasis added) – which in essence was the
interpretation the defendant was urging the court to adopt.

24 Similarly, the plaintiffs also cited _dicta_ from the Ontario Court of
Appeal case of _Rooney (Litigation Guardian of) v Graham_ (2001) Carswell Ont
887, 198 DLR (4th) 1 (_sub nom Rooney v Graham_) 144 OAC 240, 53 OR (3d) 685
(“ _Rooney_ ”), where Laskin JA (Rosenberg JA concurring) made the following
observations concerning r 49.07(5) of the Ontario Rules, at [43]:

By stating what happens when an offer contains no provision for costs, rule
49.07(5) implicitly affirms that a Rule 49 offer can contain a provision for
costs.

The plaintiffs submitted that the _dicta_ , much like the observations of Woo
J in the _SBS Transit_ case (_supra_ , [23]), also supported their contention
that O 22A r 9(2) of the Rules only applied when the OTS contained _no
provision for costs_.

25 The plaintiffs also sought to distinguish the cases cited by the defendant
– in particular, the case of _Bickmore_ (_supra_ , [20]). First, the
plaintiffs submitted that in relation to the case of _Tearle v Smith_ (_supra_
, [19]), the Ontario court in that case found that there _was_ a provision on
costs such that r 49.07(5) of the Ontario Rules did not apply. Therefore, the
observation made by the Ontario court on the situation where an OTS was silent
or ambiguous as to the question of costs was strictly _obiter_. Further, the
plaintiffs submitted that the defendant’s position was that the defendant’s
OTS was _silent_ on the issue of costs after the date of the offer; the
proposition in _Tearle v Smith_ with regard to the position where an OTS was
_ambiguous_ therefore did not assist the defendant’s case.

26 The plaintiffs further urged me to note several points relating to
_Bickmore_ (_supra_ , [20]) which they said clearly distinguished _Bickmore_
from the present case. First, the husband (the offeror) had conceded that the
court could make an order on costs (notwithstanding the acceptance of the OTS
by the wife) and had asked the court to exercise its discretion under s 131 of
the Courts of Justice Act, RSO 1990 (c 43) (“the CJA”) and not award costs to
either party, in which case he would forgo his entitlement to costs as
stipulated under the terms of the accepted OTS. The plaintiffs submitted that
the court in _Bickmore_ was therefore exercising its discretion in relation to
the award of costs, and was not adjudicating on the operation of r 49.07(5) of
the Ontario Rules although the court had made reference to that rule. The
eventual award of costs was therefore based on the court’s general discretion
to do so, and any reference to r 49.07(5) of the Ontario Rules was merely
_dicta_ and a factor that the court might have considered when exercising its
discretion. In contrast, the defendant in the present case was contending, as
a matter of interpretation of O 22A r 9(2) of the Rules, that it was
_entitled_ to costs.

27 Secondly, the court in _Bickmore_ (_supra_ , [20]) actually heard the
parties on the outstanding matters (_i.e._ the divorce – which the husband
eventually did not oppose – and costs) which had _not_ been settled as a
result of the acceptance of the husband’s OTS. At [2] of the judgment of
Kurisko J, the learned judge stated as follows:

All outstanding matters except costs and the divorce (which the husband no
longer opposes) have been settled as a result of acceptance of an offer to
settle made by the husband. The divorce has been heard by me and granted.

The judge then proceeded to discuss the sole remaining issue of costs. The
plaintiffs submitted that this distinguished _Bickmore_ from the present case
as the court in _Bickmore_ had actually heard the matter (_i.e._ the divorce)
and could therefore make an order with respect to the proceedings before it.
According to the plaintiffs, this tied in neatly with their submission that
the court was making its own order on costs in the exercise of its discretion,
and not making a determination on whether r 49.07(5) of the Ontario Rules
applied. The plaintiffs therefore submitted that the observations made by the
court in _Bickmore_ were again _obiter_.

28 Finally, the plaintiffs pointed to a passage of the court’s judgment in
_Bickmore_ (_supra_ , [20]), where the court stated as follows (at [20]):

In accepting the offer the wife was entitled to consider this rule [_i.e._ r
49.07(5) of the Ontario Rules] and accept the offer on the justifiable
assumption she would be entitled to party and party costs as stated in the
rule.

The plaintiffs argued that the above passage also indicated that the court was
not engaged in the process of determining whether r 49.07(5) of the Ontario
Rules applied. This was because if the court was determining such a question,
there would be no issue of a “justifiable assumption” on the part of the wife
– in such a situation, r 49.07(5) of the Ontario Rules either applied or it
did not.

29 The plaintiffs further contended that if O 22A r 9(2)(_b_) of the Rules
applied, then it had to apply in its entirety. However, if that were true, it
would mean that the rule would override any expression provisions on costs in
the relevant OTS, and lead to absurd results. The plaintiffs suggested, as a
hypothetical example, the case of an accepted OTS made by a defendant which
provided, _inter alia_ , that the plaintiff was only to be paid his costs up
to the stage of the close of pleadings, and crucially, there were no other
terms in the OTS which dealt with costs (“the hypothetical OTS”). According to
the defendant, that would constitute a temporal limitation in respect of the
costs payable, and in which case the OTS was to be treated as being “silent”
with respect to costs for the time periods not covered by the express
provision on costs in the OTS. According to the defendant’s interpretation of
O 22A r 9(2) of the Rules, it would mean that O 22A r 9(2)(_b_) of the Rules
applied to the hypothetical OTS. That would lead to either one of two
consequences. First, if O 22A r 9(2)(_b_) of the Rules was applied in its
entirety to the hypothetical OTS, it would mean that the hypothetical
plaintiff would be entitled to _all_ the costs up to the date of service of
the hypothetical OTS regardless of when this was _vis-à-vis_ the close of
pleadings. Clearly, according to the plaintiffs, that would have the
(unintended) effect of overriding the express provision on costs in the
hypothetical OTS. Secondly, if O 22A r 9(2)(_b_) of the Rules was _only_ to be
applied insofar as it was not inconsistent with the hypothetical OTS, then
that would require a “slicing and dicing” of the Rules which surely could not
be the case. Such an approach would also invariably cause considerable
uncertainty as to when, and to what extent, O 22A r 9(2) of the Rules applied
in any given situation.

**_My analysis_**

_Meaning of O 22A r 9(2) of the Rules_

30 It is a fundamental principle of statutory interpretation (as laid down by
Lord Tindal CJ in _The Sussex Peerage_ (1844) 11 Cl. & F 85 at 143) that:

If the words of the statute are in themselves precise and unambiguous, then no
more can be necessary than to expound those words in their natural and
ordinary sense.

Likewise, in F A R Bennion, _Statutory Interpretation_ (Butterworths, 4th Ed,
2002), the learned author observes (at p 471):

The plain meaning rule was expressed by Lord Reid [in _Pinner v Everett_
[1969] 1 WLR 1266 at 1273] as follows –

In determining the meaning of any word or phrase in a statute the first
question to ask always is what is the natural or ordinary meaning of that word
or phrase in its context in the statute. It is only when that meaning leads to
some result which cannot reasonably be supposed to have been the intention of
the legislature that it is proper to look for some other possible meaning of
the word or phrase.

The propositions cited above are trite law and our courts have consistently
reiterated this fundamental principle: see for example, _PP v Low Kok Heng_
[2007] 4 SLR 183 (“ _Low Kok Heng_ ”) at [30]; _Ng Chin Siau v How Kim Chuan_
[2007] 4 SLR 809 (“ _Ng Chin Siau_ ”) at [35].

31 However, I note that any discourse on the construction of statutes in
Singapore must take place against the backdrop of s 9A of the Interpretation
Act (Cap 1, 2002 Rev Ed) (“Interpretation Act”). An extensive and
comprehensive discussion of this provision has already been undertaken in _Low
Kok Heng_ at [39] to [57]. I can do no better than to make reference to the
relevant portions of that discussion where appropriate. Section 9A of the
Interpretation Act provides:

**9A.** —(1) In the interpretation of a provision of a written law, _an
interpretation that would promote the purpose or object underlying the written
law_ (whether that purpose or object is expressly stated in the written law or
not) _shall be preferred to an interpretation that would not promote that
purpose or object_.

[emphasis added]

32 A useful summary of the legal effect of s 9A of the Interpretation Act can
be found in _Low Kok Heng_ (at [57]):

[Section] 9A of the Interpretation Act mandates that a purposive approach be
adopted in the construction of all statutory provisions... The purposive
approach takes precedence over all other common law principles of
interpretation.

It is therefore plain that a purposive approach is to be adopted in the
construction of O 22A r 9(2) of the Rules; and the purposive approach will
take precedence over a literal interpretation.

33 However, before considering what the effect of a purposive approach to the
construction of O 22A r 9(2) of the Rules entails, it will be helpful to begin
with a discussion of the plain meaning of O 22A r 9(2) of the Rules. In my
judgment, the natural and ordinary meaning of the expression “does not provide
for costs” is simply that there is no provision whatsoever on costs. The
defendant had sought to read into the said expression various words or phrases
that would have the effect of qualifying O 22A r 9(2) of the Rules to read,
for instance, as “does not provide for costs _fully_ ” or “does not provide
for the costs of _the whole proceedings_ ”. In essence, the defendant
contended that that would be the effect of a purposive approach to the
construction of O 22A r 9(2) of the Rules. In support of its case, the
defendant relied on the cases in Ontario, Canada as shedding light on the
purposive meaning of O 22A r 9(2) of the Rules. It is for this reason that
counsel for the defendant began his oral submissions by telling me that he was
essentially relying on only two cases – _Tearle v Smith_ (_supra_ , [19]) and
_Bickmore_ (_supra_ , [20]) – to make out the defendant’s entire case. I now
turn to consider whether the cases that the defendant relies on lend any
assistance to our interpretation of O 22A r 9(2) of the Rules.

_Cases_

Tearle v Smith

34 In _Tearle v Smith_ (_supra_ , [19]), the settlement in that case arose as
a consequence of a written OTS by the defendant, the material paragraph of
which read as follows (_id_ , [2]):

The Defendant offers to settle costs of this action in the sum of $8,025
inclusive of GST. The Defendant will also pay for the Plaintiff’s reasonable
disbursements in an amount to be agreed to or as assessed.

An issue to be decided in that case was the amount of disbursements requested
by the plaintiff. The defendant took the position that the amount of
disbursements should be reduced because some of the disbursements were
incurred after the date of the offer and should therefore not be allowed. In
support of his position, the defendant relied on r 49.07(5)(_a_) of the
Ontario Rules (_supra_ , [16]). However, the court held (at [7]) that “… this
Rule [_i.e._ r 49.07(5) of the Ontario Rules] does not apply because the offer
in this case provides for the disposition of costs”. The court then proceeded
to make the observation (at [8]) that,

The purpose of Rule 49.07(5) is to provide for a resolution of the costs issue
where an offer is silent or ambiguous with respect to costs. In this case the
offer clearly sets out the mechanism for determining costs. Specifically, the
disbursements are to be agreed to or assessed. I find that the parties have
entered into an agreement with respect to the resolution of the costs issue,
and both sides are now bound to the terms of that agreement.

35 In my view, the case of _Tearle v Smith_ (_supra_ , [19]) cannot and does
not assist the defendant since the OTS in that case provided for the
disposition of costs, and accordingly, r 49.07(5) of the Ontario Rules did not
apply. If anything, _Tearle v Smith_ should support the plaintiffs’ case
because it reiterates the general view that where parties have entered into an
agreement with respect to the resolution of costs, they should be bound to the
terms of that agreement, and nothing more. This must be so.

Bickmore

36 I have already stated at some length above (_supra_ , [26] – [28]) the
plaintiffs’ arguments which seek to distinguish _Bickmore_ (_supra_ , [20])
from the present case. While I do not agree entirely with the plaintiffs’
submissions, I am of the view that _Bickmore_ can and should be distinguished
from the present case.

37 First, I find it significant that the husband (the offeror) had _conceded_
that the court could make an order on costs (notwithstanding the acceptance of
the OTS by the wife) and had submitted that the court _should_ exercise its
discretion under s 131 of the CJA, and not award costs to either party, in
which case he would forgo his entitlement to costs as agreed upon under the
terms of the accepted OTS. Ultimately, the court declined to exercise its
discretion in this manner given that s 131 of the CJA stated that such
discretion was “subject to the rules of the court”; the court also determined
that the husband had failed to establish the factors necessary for the court
to “disregard this discretion” (_Bickmore_ (_supra_ , [20]) at [17]). With
respect, I find it difficult to view this case as representing anything other
than the court exercising its discretion on the issue of costs. Whether that
was an exercise of the court’s underlying discretion or the discretion under s
131 of the CJA seems unclear to me. What is clear to me, however, was the
concern of the Ontario court to ensure that the wife in _Bickmore_ was not
unfairly prejudiced – as evident from the following passage in the judgment,
(_id_ , [21]):

It would be unfair to deprive the wife of such costs by the summary exercise
of judicial discretion based on the principle, submitted by counsel for the
husband, that the usual disposition of costs in matrimonial matters is to
require each party to pay their own costs.

38 In my view, the fact that in _Bickmore_ (_supra_ , [20]), the parties had
submitted to the court that it should exercise its discretion in relation to
costs and the fact that the court had in turn expressed concerns of fairness
in coming to its decision, clearly distinguished that case from the present.
Although the defendant did submit that as a matter of policy (whatever the
defendant might have intended it to mean in the present circumstances) the
plaintiffs should be ordered to pay the defendant’s costs which could
otherwise have been avoided if the plaintiffs had accepted the defendant’s OTS
earlier, the defendant made this argument in the context of its submissions
that O 22A r 9(2)(_b_) of the Rules should apply in the present case. This was
quite different from asking the court to exercise its power to determine the
issue of costs under O 22A r 9(5) of the Rules, which reads as follows:

(5) Without prejudice to paragraphs (1), (2) and (3), where an offer to settle
has been made, and notwithstanding anything in the offer to settle, the Court
shall have full power to determine by whom and to what extent any costs are to
be paid, and the Court may make such a determination upon the application of a
party or of its own motion.

39 At this juncture, I should point out that it was unfortunate that neither
party referred to O 22A r 9(5) of the Rules. In particular, I would have
thought that if the defendant wanted the court to exercise its underlying
discretion and take into account all the circumstances of the case and make an
assessment of costs on the basis of those facts (quite apart from O 22A r 9(2)
of the Rules), it would have surely been to the defendant’s benefit to draw
the court’s attention to this provision. It would have been reasonable to
expect the defendant to rely on O 22A r 9(5) of the Rules to persuade me that
notwithstanding the issue of the applicability of O 22A r 9(2) of the Rules, I
nonetheless had the power to determine by whom and to what extent any costs
are to be paid. For the sake of completeness, I should state that in any
event, if the defendant had invited the court to do so and rested its case on
what it has termed “public policy”, I would have declined to exercise my
discretion in the defendant’s favour. I shall have more to say on this later
(see [41] below).

40 The second reason why _Bickmore_ (_supra_ , [20]) can be distinguished from
the present case actually lies in the reasoning of the court in _Bickmore_
itself (at [20]):

In accepting the offer the wife was entitled to consider this rule [_i.e._ r
49.07(5)] and accept the offer on the justifiable assumption she would be
entitled to party and party costs as stated in the rule.

I have already made reference to paragraph [20] of _Bickmore_ in my discussion
of the plaintiffs’ submissions above (at [28]). However, I found this
paragraph significant for a different reason. It will be helpful to remind
ourselves that the wife in _Bickmore_ was the plaintiff in those proceedings,
and the party which was claiming its entitlement to costs under r 49.07(5) of
the Ontario Rules. She was also the person who received the OTS, _i.e_ the
offeree. In contrast, in the present case, O 22A r 9(2)(_b_) of the Rules is
slightly different from r 49.07(5) of the Ontario Rules in that the former
provides for _two_ sets of costs – one for the plaintiff and the other for the
defendant – while differentiating these costs by reference to certain
significant dates. This means that the defendant is also entitled to certain
costs under O 22A r 9(2)(_b_) of the Rules. The significance of this in the
present case is that the defendant which is the party claiming its entitlement
to costs under O 22A r 9(2)(_b_) of the Rules _is the party who made the
offer_ , _i.e._ the offeror.

41 Therefore, just as much as the court in _Bickmore_ (_supra_ , [20]) was of
the view that the wife was entitled to accept the offer on the justifiable
assumption that she would be entitled to costs as provided for under the
relevant rule, in my judgment, the plaintiffs were entitled to accept the
defendant’s OTS on the justifiable assumption that the only costs that were in
issue were the costs up to and including the date of the defendant’s OTS which
they would be entitled to. In my view, the plaintiffs could not reasonably be
expected to have anticipated that they would have to pay costs for the period
14 days after the date of service of the defendant’s OTS until the date they
accepted the OTS, when they decided to accept the defendant’s OTS. I am
fortified in my conclusion by the fact that the defendant was the party who
made the offer – in my view, it is eminently reasonable to expect the
_offeror_ to bear the burden of ensuring that all the terms of the settlement
which it intended to propose were clearly stated in its offer. The offeror
should not be allowed to turn around and imply various terms into its offer
after it had been accepted. For the sake of completeness, I should explain
that this is also the main reason why, as I have mentioned above (at [39]), I
would have elected not to exercise my discretion in favour of the defendant in
any event. In my view, there are strong policy reasons in favour of
maintaining a high degree of predictability and certainty in the OTS regime;
allowing offerors to be able to imply terms _ex post facto_ into an accepted
OTS would patently defeat this objective.

42 In my judgment, it is therefore abundantly clear that the cases of _Tearle
v Smith_ (_supra_ , [19]) and _Bickmore_ (_supra_ , [20]) do not assist the
defendant’s interpretation of O 22A r 9(2) of the Rules since both cases are
easily distinguishable. But what about the defendant’s argument that its
interpretation of O22A r 9(2) of the Rules would promote the objective behind
O 22A of the Rules?

43 At the outset, I should state that I agree wholly with the defendant’s
submissions on the rationale behind O 22A of the Rules – that the OTS regime
under O 22A of the Rules is to “encourage parties to make reasonable offers to
settle and to facilitate the early settlement of litigation” (see _Singapore
Civil Procedure 2007_ (Sweet & Maxwell Asia, 2007) at p 423). However, at the
risk of stating the obvious, I am mindful that the settlement of litigation
that is encouraged through O 22A of the Rules is nonetheless a settlement
_between the parties_. Therefore, while O 22A of the Rules exists to
_facilitate_ such settlements, it is ultimately up to the parties to reach a
consensus on the terms of their agreement. As Prof Jeffrey Pinsler SC in
_Singapore Court Practice 2006_ (Jeffrey Pinsler gen ed) (Lexis Nexis, 2006)
pertinently observes (at p 571), “[t]he flexibility of the ‘offer to settle’
lies in giving a party the complete freedom to formulate the offer to suit the
circumstances of the case”.

44 In my view, the object of O 22A of the Rules would be best served by
promoting autonomy and flexibility for parties who elect to use the OTS regime
under O 22A of the Rules. In this regard, I think that the provisions in O 22A
r 9(2) of the Rules should only apply in the clearly defined situation
stipulated for in that rule, _viz_ , where an accepted OTS contains no
provision as to costs; the position on costs as provided for in O 22A r 9(2)
of the Rules should exist only as a _default_ position, which applies _only_
when parties have failed to reach any agreement on costs (as evidenced by the
lack of any provision for costs in the accepted OTS). In my view, this
proposition is consistent with the general scheme of O 22A r 9 of the Rules
which governs the element of _costs_ generally in relation to an OTS. Order
22A rr 9(1) and 9(3) of the Rules provide for how costs are to be determined
and paid in specifically defined situations. However, it is to be noted that
ultimately, the court has a discretion to determine the question of costs: see
O 22A r 9(5) of the Rules, which is to be read together with O 22A rr 9(1) and
9(3) of the Rules (which are qualified by the words “unless the court orders
otherwise” at the end of each paragraph). In short, O 22A r 9 of the Rules
provides “default” positions on the cost consequences which will apply unless
the court determines that the interests of justice require otherwise. In my
judgment, O 22A r 9(2) of the Rules is _only_ meant to fill in the gaps on the
issue of costs _where there is a gap in the first place_.

45 Therefore, I am of the view that giving O 22A r 9(2) of the Rules its
literal meaning will give effect to a purposive interpretation of O 22A r 9(2)
of the Rules. In applying a purposive approach in interpreting O 22A of the
Rules, the objective should be to promote the desirability of encouraging
parties to settle by allowing parties to have freedom and flexibility in
drafting their offers to settle. Order 22A r 9(2) of the Rules should thus be
given its natural and ordinary meaning as this would have the effect of
specifically delimiting the situation in which that rule will apply. This will
then allow parties to have complete freedom in formulating the terms of their
settlement in respect of costs.

46 In this connection, I note that the common law principles of interpretation
come into play _only_ when their application coincides with the purpose
underlying the statutory provision in question: see _Ng Chin Siau_ at [40]. In
this regard, the observations of the court in _Ng Chin Siau_ (at [40]) are
apposite:

Other common law principles of interpretation come into play _only_ when their
application coincides with the purpose underlying the written law in question.
It must be noted, nevertheless, that it is more often than not that a literal
reading of a statutory provision is in fact likely to coincide with a
purposive reading of that provision. To be sure, a successfully drafted piece
of legislation is one which clearly brings out the purpose underlying the
provision by its express literal words: see D C Pearce & R S Geddes,
_Statutory Interpretation in Australia_ (Butterworths, 4th Ed, 1996) at para
2.5, p 31.

In my view, the present case is one good example of a “successfully drafted
piece of legislation”: the same conclusion is reached when a literal _or_
purposive reading of O 22A r 9(2) of the Rules is taken – O 22A r 9(2) of the
Rules only applies where an OTS makes no provision _whatsoever_ on costs.

47 There is just one other point that I should highlight. The defendant has
also conceded in its submissions that if the defendant’s OTS had stated “costs
of $x” or “costs” _per se_ , as opposed to “costs up to the date of the
offer”, then O 22A r 9(2)(_b_) of the Rules would simply have no application
whatsoever. Following this line of argument, I would add that if the
defendant’s OTS had offered to pay the plaintiffs costs otherwise than in
accordance with the first limb of O 22A r 9(2)(_b_) of the Rules, _viz_ ,
costs up to the date of service of the offer, I would be very surprised if the
defendant would still have then tried to maintain that it was entitled to
costs under O 22A r 9(2)(_b_) of the Rules. In other words, it seems to me
that it is merely out of _coincidence_ that because the defendant’s OTS
contained an offer that was _not inconsistent_ with the default position under
O 22A r 9(2)(_b_) of the Rules, this then afforded the defendant (it would
appear) the opportunity to raise the arguments it is presently making. In my
view, this was a clear indication that the defendant’s position could not hold
water.

48 For the reasons given above, I find that the defendant’s OTS, which was
accepted by the plaintiffs on 10 January 2008, _does_ provide for costs. In my
judgment, O 22A r 9(2) of the Rules has no application to the present case.
Accordingly, I am dismissing the defendant’s application for costs of the
proceedings from the date 14 days after the date of service of the defendant’s
OTS to the date when the defendant’s OTS was accepted by the plaintiffs.

49 I now turn to consider the Extracted Order issue, _viz_ , whether the
Extracted Order should be set aside and/or revoked and/or expunged. In
particular, I consider whether this issue has any material bearing on the
conclusion I have just reached on the OTS issue.

Whether the Extracted Order should be set aside and/or revoked and/or expunged

50 Before I set out the facts leading up to the extraction of the Extracted
Order, I pause to make a brief preliminary observation that I have already
alluded to above. The main grouse of the defendant was in respect of costs. Of
course, the defendant was also clearly unhappy that the plaintiffs had
proceeded to extract an Order of Court which made no mention of the
defendant’s purported entitlement to costs under O 22A r 9(2) of the Rules.
The defendant therefore also attacked the plaintiffs’ extraction of such an
Order. However, I must note that _in substance_ , what the dispute between the
parties really boiled down to was still the issue of costs; the plaintiffs’
attempts to extract the said Order merely brought this issue to the fore. I
think that this is fairly evident from the correspondence between the parties.
Thus, even if the plaintiffs had not extracted the said Order, and assuming
the defendant still held the view that it was entitled to costs under O 22A r
9(2) of the Rules, the latter would still have had to bring an application for
the court’s determination of that issue. Viewed from this perspective, one can
see why the Extracted Order issue is really not that critical in the larger
scheme of things. It is for this reason that I do not propose to spend an
unnecessary amount of time dealing with this final issue.

**_The facts_**

51 After the parties attended the PTC on 10 January 2008, by way of a letter
dated 10 January 2008 (which appears to have been only sent out on 14 January
2008), the plaintiffs’ solicitors requested from the defendant a confirmation
that they may be released from their stakeholding obligations in respect of
the security for costs paid to them by the first plaintiffs. The defendant’s
solicitors replied by way of a letter dated 14 January 2008 on, _inter alia_ ,
the following terms:

3\. In respect of the security for costs held by you as stakeholders, we note
the provisions of [O 22A r 9(2) of the Rules], pursuant to which our clients
are entitled to costs from “ _the date 14 days after the date of the service
of the offer assessed up to the date that the notice of acceptance was
served_.”

4\. As such, our clients are not comfortable with the released of the security
for costs held by you as stakeholders until the issue of costs is resolved.

[emphasis in original]

On 18 January 2008, the plaintiffs’ solicitors wrote back to the defendant’s
solicitors. By this letter, the plaintiffs’ solicitors forwarded the Draft
Order (_supra_ , [9]) dated 11 January 2008 for the defendant’s solicitors’
approval, informing the defendant’s solicitors that they had inspected the
minutes recorded by the PTC Registrar at the PTC on 11 January 2008 and had
ascertained that the Draft Order was in accordance with the same. Further, and
in any event, the plaintiffs’ solicitors also disputed the application of O
22A r 9(2) of the Rules to the defendant’s OTS.

52 On 21 January 2008, the defendant’s solicitors replied to the plaintiffs’
solicitors expressing their view that since the defendant’s OTS was an offer
made pursuant to O 22A of the Rules, and that O 22A r (4) of the Rules deemed
such an offer to be “an offer of compromise made without prejudice save as to
costs”, there was no necessity for any judgment or order of court to be
extracted. The defendant’s solicitors also elaborated further on their
position with regard to the application of O 22A r 9(2) of the Rules to the
defendant’s OTS.

53 On 24 January 2008, the plaintiffs’ solicitors wrote to the Registry
requesting that the Draft Order be extracted. In this letter, the plaintiffs’
solicitors stated that

[the Draft Order] has not been returned to us within the time frame prescribed
by [O 42 r 8(2) of the Rules] and as such, [the defendant’s solicitors] are
deemed to have consented to the terms thereof.

54 It would appear that the plaintiffs’ solicitors, in their letter to the
Registry, had omitted to make any mention of the defendant’s solicitors’
letter dated 21 January 2008.

55 Thereafter, the defendant’s solicitors wrote various letters to the
Registry, as well as the plaintiffs’ solicitors, objecting to the extraction
of any order of court, and in any event, the Draft Order on, _inter alia_ ,
the following grounds:

(a) The defendant could not be deemed to have consented to the terms of the
Draft Order as O 42 r 8 of the Rules did not apply in these circumstances –
there was no judgment in favour of any party, and in any event, the
defendant’s solicitors had written to the plaintiffs’ solicitors on 21 January
2008 stating their objections to the extraction of any order of court.

(b) There was no basis for any judgment or order _against_ the defendant as
the defendant’s OTS was a without prejudice offer to settle made pursuant to O
22A of the Rules.

(c) It was not recorded anywhere in the Court minute sheet that “ _Judgment be
entered against [the defendant]_ ” as stated in the Draft Order. Instead, the
PTC Registrar had merely recorded “judgment so entered” which had to mean that
judgment was recorded on the terms of the settlement. As such, the Draft Order
was incorrectly worded.

(d) The Draft Order did not provide for the costs implications under O 22A r
9(2) of the Rules.

56 In response to the series of letters from both parties, the Registry
replied by way of a letter dated 29 January 2008 to both sets of solicitors,
directing them to attend before the Duty Registrar to resolve the issue.

57 The parties’ solicitors then tried to arrange between themselves for a date
to attend before the Duty Registrar. The defendant’s solicitors proposed for
parties to attend before the Duty Registrar to get a special hearing date to
resolve the issue relating to the Draft Order and all outstanding issues
including: (a) the issue of the defendant’s entitlement to costs under O 22A r
9(2) of the Rules; and (b) whether the security for costs held by the
plaintiffs’ solicitors as stakeholders should be released to the plaintiffs.
The defendant’s solicitors proposed this because they were of the view that
the resolution of the defendant’s entitlement to costs under O 22A r 9(2) of
the Rules would have a material bearing on the terms to be included in the
Draft Order to be extracted and on the issue of the release of the security
for costs.

58 The plaintiffs’ solicitors adopted a different view of matters: they
objected to the defendant’s solicitors’ proposal to obtain a special hearing
date; instead, they maintained their position that they were only to see the
Duty Registrar to settle the Draft Order. In essence, the plaintiffs’
solicitors did not think that it was necessary for the court to make any
determination on any issue other than the settling of the terms of the Draft
Order. This was because they did not see any “live” issue that was in dispute
and held the position that there was none. As it turned out, parties could not
agree on an appointment before the Duty Registrar. As a result, the plaintiffs
decided to write to the Registry on 14 February 2008 in the following terms:

3\. Parties have not been able to agree on an appointment to meet before the
Duty Registrar. We believe that parties have copied the Registry on the
correspondences, but in any event we enclose for ease of reference our last
letter (dated 6 February 2008) on the appointment before the Duty Registrar,
with respect to which we have not received agreement on appointment to meet
before the Duty Registrar.

4\. As the parties are unable to agree on an appointment to meet before the
Duty Registrar to settle the draft Order of Court, please either:

a. approve (with or without amendments) / settle [the Draft Order], based on
the minutes of the Court, as we believe the minutes are quite clear;

OR

b. if the minutes are not clear, direct the parties to appear before the Duty
Registrar on a specified date & time to settle [the Draft Order].

59 The defendant’s solicitors’ did try once again to state their objections to
the approval of the Draft Order by writing to the Registry on 14 February 2008
immediately after receipt of the plaintiffs’ solicitors’ letter of even date.
However, the Extracted Order was extracted on 14 February 2008.

**_The parties’ submissions_**

60 Both parties made elaborate submissions on the steps and procedures that
are involved in the extraction of an order of court. As I have mentioned
above, I do not consider it necessary to examine in any great detail these
submissions. Briefly, the plaintiffs relied on O 42 rr 8(1) and 8(2) of the
Rules to establish that the defendant could be taken to have consented to the
Draft Order and that therefore, the plaintiffs were entitled to proceed to
have the Draft Order extracted. The defendant, on the other hand, had two main
complaints: first, it argued that it would have been evident from the parties’
correspondence that there was a disagreement between the parties as to the
terms of the order of court to be extracted. As such, the plaintiffs’
solicitors in proceeding to have the Draft Order extracted were in clear
contravention of para 64 of the Supreme Court Practice Directions (2007 Ed)
and O 42 rr 8(3) and 8(4) of the Rules. Secondly, the Extracted Order was not
in accordance with the minutes of the court because the Extracted Order should
not read as “[j]udgment be entered against [the defendant]” since the PTC
Registrar merely recorded in the Court minute sheet that “judgment [is] so
entered”. The defendant contended that the order made by the PTC Registrar was
merely an order recording the terms of the settlement as agreed between the
parties and could not in any way be construed as a judgment that was entered
against the defendant.

**_My analysis_**

61 I find it unnecessary to express any view on the issue of whether there has
been any non-compliance with the Rules. In my view, the paramount issue is
really whether there are any grounds to set aside the Extracted Order, which
is in form and in substance the manifestation of a consent judgment (assuming
for the moment that that is true). I think that there is a subtle difference
between the setting aside of a consent judgment and an order of court that
represents the consent judgment, and the impugning of the _extraction process_
undertaken in relation to that order of court. And even if we remove the
assumption that the Extracted Order is a manifestation of a consent judgment,
electing instead to treat the proceedings before the PTC Registrar at the PTC
on 10 January 2008 as a mere recording of the terms of a settlement between
the parties rather than the entering of a consent judgment, in my opinion,
setting aside the order of court that results from those proceedings is once
again different from attacking the process by which the order of court is
obtained.

62 In my judgment, I see no practical purpose in setting aside the Extracted
Order since the defendant has accepted that the Court minute sheet is an
accurate reflection of the proceedings before the court as well as a proper
record of the intentions of the parties at the relevant time. To be sure, the
defendant has not contended that the Extracted Order (or for that matter, the
consent judgment) should be set aside on grounds of fraud or on any of the
grounds upon which an agreement can be set aside. Similarly, the defendant has
not alleged any slip in drawing up the Extracted Order and that there has been
an error in expressing the manifest intention of the court. In this regard, I
refer to a passage in _Bakery Mart Pte Ltd v Ng Wei Teck_ [2005] 1 SLR 28
which I found to be instructive (although acknowledging that the principles
stated therein are in relation to the issue of when a consent judgment or
order will be set aside), at [11]:

The general principle is that the court will not interfere to set aside a
consent judgment or order after it has been made and perfected otherwise than
in a fresh action brought to set aside such a judgment on grounds of fraud or
on any of the grounds upon which an agreement can be set aside. The exceptions
to the general principle are where there has been a slip in drawing up the
judgment or order which has been entered and where there has been an error in
expressing the manifest intention of the court: see generally _Ainsworth v
Wilding_ [1896] 1 Ch 673 approved by the Privy Council in _Kinch v Walcott_
[1929] AC 482; _Indian Overseas Bank v Motorcycle Industries (1973) Pte Ltd_
[1993] 1 SLR 89; _Wiltopps (Asia) Ltd v Drew & Napier_ [2000] 3 SLR 244.

63 In summary, I can see no good reason to set aside and/or revoke and/or
expunge the Extracted Order. If I decide to do so, the plaintiffs’ solicitors
can and will draw up, and then extract, another order of court on
substantially the same terms (which will this time – I suppose – meet the
approval of the defendant’s solicitors). I do not think that that should be
necessary in the present circumstances.

Conclusion

64 In the final analysis, I do not think that the ends of justice would be met
if I allowed the defendant to, as it were, “ambush” the plaintiffs in relation
to costs after the date of service of the defendant’s OTS. In addition, since
the real complaint of the defendant was indeed the issue of costs, there was
nothing to be gained from taking sides in what I saw to be essentially an
unfortunate joust – full of acrimony – between the parties’ solicitors in
respect of the extraction of the Extracted Order.

65 In the premises, I am dismissing the defendant’s application. I will hear
the parties on costs.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 09 Jun 2008 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

