Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Penguin Boat International Ltd v Royal & Sun Alliance Insurance (Singapore)
Ltd  
[2008] SGHC 83

Case Number | : | Suit 145/2007  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 06 June 2008  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Kan Ting Chiu J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Yap Yin Soon, Leona Wong and Clara Feng (Allen & Gledhill LLP) for the plaintiff; Richard Kuek and Adrian Aw (Gurbani & Co) for the defendant   
Parties | : |  Penguin Boat International Ltd — Royal & Sun Alliance Insurance (Singapore) Ltd   
  
Insurance – Shiprepairers policy – Indemnity for legal liability for loss or
damage to third-party property occurring in the course of or arising from
shiprepairing operations – Exclusion clause containing reporting requirement –
Shiprepairers building cradle for transportation of vessel – Loss of vessel
during voyage due to failure of cradle – Owners notifying insurers – Whether
loss covered by shiprepairers policy – Whether reporting requirement fulfilled  
  

6 June 2008 |  Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Kan Ting Chiu J:

1 The plaintiff, Penguin Boat International Ltd which carried on the business
of shipbuilding and shiprepairing, obtained insurance coverage from the
defendant, Royal & Sun Alliance Insurance (Singapore) Limited. The policy was
a Shiprepairers Legal Liability Insurance policy (“the shiprepairers policy”).
Under the policy, the defendant undertook to:

[I]ndemnify the [plaintiff] for all sums which the [plaintiff] shall become
liable to pay by reason of the legal liability of the [plaintiff] as
shiprepairers for … loss of or damage to third party property occurring in the
course of or arising from the shiprepairing operations of the [plaintiff].

2 The scope of the indemnity is the primary issue in dispute in these
proceedings.

3 The other major issue in dispute between the parties was the effect and
construction of the exclusion clause in the policy which provided that the
policy shall not cover any loss or damage:

… unless discovered and reported in writing to the [defendant] within 6 months
of the delivery to Owners or within 6 months after work is completed by the
[plaintiff] whichever may first occur.

4 The policy was issued by the defendant on 5 March 1999. In July 1999, YTC
Yachts (SEA) Pte Ltd (“YTC”) sent a yacht _MY Paesano_ for repair works to be
carried out. In addition to the repair, the plaintiff also supplied, at YTC’s
request, a cradle for the _Paesano_ the fabrication of which was undertaken by
the plaintiff’s sub-contractor. After the _Paesano_ was repaired and the
cradle was constructed, the _Paesano_ was loaded on a seagoing vessel, the
_Gertrude Oldendorff_ , on the cradle for intended delivery to Vancouver to
its owner Goodman Yachts LLC, and the yacht was insured with the defendant
under a marine cargo policy for this purpose. During the voyage to Vancouver,
the _Gertrude Oldendorff_ encountered a severe storm during which the cradle
broke and the _Paesano_ was lost. The owner sued the plaintiff and other
parties. The owner’s claim under the marine cargo policy was paid by the
defendant, with the result that the owner’s interest in that action was
subrogated to the defendant. The plaintiff eventually settled that suit with
the payment of US$150,000, and sought indemnity from the defendant under the
shiprepairers policy, and the defendant denied that the plaintiff’s loss was
covered under the policy.

The coverage issue

5 It is to be noted that there were no complaints over the repairs to the
_Paesano_ itself. The loss of the _Paesano_ was not attributed to the repairs
to the _Paesano_ , but to the failure of the cradle which was secured to the
deck of the _Gertrude Oldendorff_. When the _Gertrude Oldendorff_ came into
rough sea the cradle failed, and the _Paesano_ was washed off the deck.

6 The _Paesano_ was sent to the plaintiff’s yard without any cradle. In a note
issued by YTC listing the work required to be done on the _Paesano_ , there
was an item “Build Shipping Cradle”.[note: 1] The plaintiff issued a quotation
for the construction of a _support_ cradle for the _Paesano_. In its statement
of claim in the present action, the plaintiff referred to the cradle simply as
a “steel cradle framework”.[note: 2]

Was the construction of the cradle shiprepair?

7 The parties were at issue whether the construction of the cradle for the
_Paesano_ came within the description of shiprepair. The plaintiff took the
position that it did, but the defendant did not recognise that as shiprepair.

8 In a situation where there is no agreement that a loss is covered by a
policy, the burden is on the insured to show that the loss is covered: see Poh
Chu Chai’s _Principles of Insurance Law_ (LexisNexis, 6th Ed, 2005) p 665,
_Regina Fur Co Ltd v Bossom_ [1958] 2 Lloyd’s Rep 425 (cited by Assoc Prof Poh
at p 665 fn7), and _Maratz Ltd v New India Assurance Co Ltd_ [1998] 2 SLR 909
at [23].

9 Although the policy issued by the defendant was named a shiprepairers legal
liability policy, there was no definition of ‘shiprepairer’, or ‘shiprepair’
in the policy. There appears to be no general understanding on the meanings of
these terms in the insurance industry.

10 The defendant referred to the general definition of ‘repair’ in _The
Shorter Oxford English Dictionary_ (Clarendon Press, 3rd Ed):

To restore … to good condition by reversal or replacement of decayed or
damaged parts, or by refixing what has given way

to argue that only work done which come under one of the three ‘R’s,
restoration, renewal or replacement of parts can be considered as repair.
[note: 3]

11 It would have been helpful if the plaintiff, who had the onus to prove that
cradle construction is shiprepair, had adduced evidence from parties
knowledgeable in the shipbuilding and shiprepairing and insurance industries
in Singapore on the understanding of those terms in these industries. However,
the plaintiff did not adduce evidence from any person with any special
knowledge on these matters.

12 The plaintiff’s sole witness, its executive director Cheng Yee Seng deposed
that the plaintiff did not carry out fabrication of cradles as a stand-alone
business nor undertake such work as part of its shiprepairing
operations.[note: 4]

13 I do not think that it is feasible to have an exhaustive description of
shiprepair as it is not a term of art. Shiprepair can be a single job, e.g. to
mend a hole in a hull or it may involve extensive work on the hull, engine,
generator, crew and passenger accommodation and other facilities on the
vessel. While restoration, renewal and replacement are common forms of
repairs, they are not exhaustive. Reasonable improvements and additions such
as the fitting of a larger generator or of additional handrails can be
properly considered as a part of the overall repair of a vessel.

14 However, when the _Paesano_ was sent to be repaired, the construction of a
cradle for it can hardly be a repair to the _Paesano_. This is so because the
cradle, unlike a generator or a handrail, is not a part of the _Paesano_ and
the _Paesano_ does not sail while it is attached to the cradle.

15 A caution should be raised against an over-restrictive construction. The
policy covered loss or damage occurring in the course or arising from
shiprepairing _operations_ , not just the repairs made to ships. If a crane
used in the course of repairs collides with the vessel under repair, the
resultant damage would have arisen from shiprepair operations even though the
crane was not intended to be part of the repairs to the vessel. The damage
would be covered even if the crane was not used for the repairs to the damaged
vessel, but for the repair of a vessel nearby.

16 As I understand from counsel, there are two main types of cradles. A
support cradle is used to support a vessel when it is out of the water, e.g.
when it is under repair, or is in storage. A shipping cradle is used to hold a
vessel when it is transported on board another vessel (“the carrying vessel”).

17 There is some confusion whether the cradle that was constructed was a
support cradle or a shipping cradle because different descriptions were used
in the order and the quotation, but this is not material for two reasons.
Firstly, the different descriptions do not necessarily mean different cradles;
a cradle can be constructed to serve as both a support and a shipping cradle.
Secondly, in my analysis, the conclusion is the same whether the cradle is a
support cradle or a shipping cradle.

18 If a support cradle fails when the vessel it holds (“the vessel held”) is
undergoing repairs, the failure and the resultant damage would have arisen in
the course of the repairs to the vessel held. If the cradle fails while it is
holding the vessel on land for storage, it cannot be said that any damage
should be considered to have arisen from shiprepairing operations. In a
situation where a vessel undergoes repairs, and is subsequently placed on a
cradle for storage, the conclusion is the same: that any damage incurred from
the failure of the cradle during storage would not be considered to have
arisen from shiprepairing operations.

19 In another situation, where the vessel held and the cradle are placed on
board a carrying vessel for transportation rather than storage, without there
being any repairs to the vessel held, or subsequent to the completion of
repairs to the vessel held, any damage resulting from the failure of the
cradle should not be considered to have arisen from shiprepairing operations
on the vessel held.

20 There is yet another variation to the situation. If a shipping cradle is
supplied and installed onto the carrying vessel as a part of the repairs to
the carrying vessel, it may be argued that any damage caused to the vessel
held as a result of the failure of the cradle can be considered to have arisen
from the shiprepairing operations on the carrying vessel.

21 In the present case, the evidence was that it was constructed at the
request of YTC. The plaintiff did not plead in its Statement of Claim that the
cradle was used in the repairs to the _Paesano_ and Cheng Yee Seng did not
depose to that in his affidavit of evidence-in-chief as he was not involved
with the technical operations of the shiprepairing activities of the plaintiff
and has no direct knowledge of them.[note: 5] He mentioned in re-examination
that the yacht was placed on the cradle sometime in September 1999 to do some
undocumented and unspecified “touch-up work”, without disclosing the source of
the information.[note: 6] I find that the loss of the _Paesano_ from the
failure of the cradle did not arise from the plaintiff’s shiprepair
operations.

The exclusion issue

22 The policy specifically stated that any liability of the insured is not
covered:

unless discovered and reported in writing to the [defendant] within 6 months
of the delivery to Owners or within 6 months after work is completed by the
[plaintiff] whichever may first occur.

23 The significant time periods in respect to the issue are:

14/8/1999 Cradle constructed and was ready for collection.[note: 7]

15/1/2000 Cradle and the _Paesano_ loaded on board the _Gertrude
Oldendorff_.[note: 8]

20/1/2000 The _Paesano_ was lost.

21/1/2000 The defendant was notified by the owner of the _Paesano_ of the loss
under the marine cargo policy covering the yacht.

15/2/2000 The owner of the _Paesano_ instituted legal proceedings in Canada.

3/12/2000 The rights of the owner of the _Paesano_ were subrogated to the
defendant.

29/10/2001 The plaintiff was served with the statement of claim in the
Canadian proceedings.[note: 9]

21/2/2002 The plaintiff notified the defendant of the claim.[note: 10]

12/3/2002 The defendant denied liability under the policy.[note: 11]

24 From the chronology we can take the date for notification to be six months
from 14 August 1999 or 15 January 2000. On this basis, the notification of 21
January 2000 was given within the six-month period, and the notification of 21
February 2002 was outside the period.

25 The issue is the application of the reporting requirement in the exclusion
clause. The plaintiff took the position that the requirement was satisfied on
21 January 2000 when the defendant was notified by the owner of the _Paesano_
, whereas the defendant regarded that there was no report till 21 February
2002 when the plaintiff gave notice outside the six month period for the
report to be made.

26 Each party cited one case in support of its contention. The plaintiff cited
_Bowling v Weinert_ [1978] 2 NSWLR 282 (“ _Bowling_ ”). The defendant relied
on _Adamson & Sons v Liverpool & London & Globe Insurance Co Ltd_ [1953] 2 Ll
L Rep 355 (“ _Adamson_ ”).

27 In _Bowling_ , Weinert insured his power boat with Norwich Union against
third party liabilities. Clause 13 of the policy provided that:

In the event of any occurrence which may give rise to a claim under this
insurance, prompt notice shall be given to the Underwriters.

28 Weinert also had public liability insurance coverage with another company,
Lumley’s. In December 1972, while Weinert towed Bowling on his power boat,
there was an accident, and Bowling fractured his leg. In November 1974,
Weinert gave notice of the accident to Lumley’s. In March 1976, Bowling
commenced an action against Weinert. In August 1976, Lumley’s gave to Norwich
Union a copy of Weinert’s notice of accident addressed to Lumley’s. Weinert
sought an indemnity from Norwich Union. The insurers contended that he was in
breach of Clause 13. Lee J found on the basis that the clause did not
expressly state that the notice shall be given by the insured, that the supply
of the notification of accident by Lumley’s could be treated as notice,
although he found that it was not “prompt notice” as required by the clause.

29 In _Adamson_ , the claimant company was insured under a “cash in transit”
policy which contained a clause that:

The company shall be under no liability hereunder in respect of any loss which
has not been notified to the company within fourteen days of its occurrence.

The claimant made a claim on the policy for loss resulting from systematic
embezzlement by an employee over two years. In arbitration proceedings, only
the losses reported within 14 days from an occurrence were allowed, and the
arbitrator’s award was upheld by Lord Goddard CJ.

30 Why is timeous reporting a condition for recovery? Two reasons come to
mind. An insurer wants to be informed of the potential claims it is exposed
to, and it wants to be able to investigate the potential claims promptly.
Since the insurer does not have control over the property insured, it needs to
be notified of occurrences that can lead to potential claims.

31 In some clauses (as the one in _Adamson_), the burden of reporting is
specifically placed on the insured. On the other hand, in the clauses in
_Bowling_ and in the present case, that is not specified.

32 It can be argued that if the clause is construed in the context of the
insurer/insured relationship, the report is to be made by the insured, or on
its behalf, as the insurer cannot be looking to other parties to report loss
or damage under the policy.

33 However, a purposive approach may be taken. If we proceed on the basis that
the purpose for reporting is to protect the insurer’s interests, and not to
deprive an inattentive insured of protection, it is arguable that it is not
necessary that the notification comes from the insured as long as the insurer
receives the necessary information to take steps to protect its interest.

34 Looking at the exclusion clause in this light, prejudice to the insurer
will be a relevant factor. Lord Denning MR had this in contemplation when he
held in _Barrett Bros (Taxis) Ltd v Davies_ [1966] 1 WLR 1334 at 1340:

[The notification condition] was inserted in the policy so as to afford a
protection to the insurers so they should know in good time about the accident
and any proceedings consequent on it. If they obtain _all the material
knowledge_ from another source so that _they are not prejudiced_ at all by the
failure of the insured himself to tell him, then they cannot rely on the
condition to defeat the claim. [Emphasis added]

35 In the present case, the owner of the _Paesano_ which reported the loss to
the defendant had insured the _Paesano_ with the defendant under a marine
cargo policy,[note: 12] and the notification made no reference to the
shiprepairers policy. It was unclear whether the report alerted the defendant
to the possibility that it may be facing a claim from the plaintiff under the
shiprepairers policy so as to enable the defendant to prepare for a claim from
the plaintiff under this policy. If it did not, it would not satisfy Lord
Denning’s “all the material knowledge” requirement. But it would not have made
a difference even if all the necessary information was given.

36 Doubt over the need for the insurer to show prejudice was expressed in
subsequent decisions. This started with the decision of the English High Court
in _Farrell v Federated Employers Insurance Association Ltd_ [1970] 1 WLR 498
where MacKenna J did not adopt Lord Denning’s reasoning, and said at p 502:

I do not regard Lord Denning MR’s judgment as authority for the wider
proposition that an insurer cannot rely on a breach of condition unless he has
suffered actual prejudice

His statement was endorsed by Bingham J in _Pioneer Concrete (UK) Ltd v
National Employers Mutual General Insurance Association Ltd_ [1985] 1 Lloyd’s
Rep 274 at 281, which was in turn approved by the Privy Council in _Motor and
General Insurance Co Ltd v John Pavy_ [1994] 1 WLR 462 and the English Court
of Appeal in _Pilkington United Kingdom Ltd v CGU Insurance plc_ [2005] 1 All
ER (Comm) 283. Our High Court has come to the same conclusion in _Stork
Technology Services Asia Pte Ltd (formerly known as Eastburn Stork Pte Ltd) v
First Capital Insurance Ltd_ [2006] 3 SLR 652.

37 In the circumstances, the plaintiff’s reliance on the notification given by
the owners of the _Paesano_ runs into two difficulties: firstly, that the
notification was not shown to have given the defendant all the material
knowledge and secondly, that even if it did, it was not given by the
plaintiff. The plaintiff had therefore failed to report the loss within the
six-month period as required in the exclusion clause.

My decision

38 Having found that the construction of the cradle was not part of the
repairs of the _Paesano_ and that the loss of the _Paesano_ did not arise from
shiprepairing operations, and that the defendant’s liability for the loss of
the _Paesano_ was excluded, the plaintiff’s claim is dismissed.

39 Having discussed the two primary issues and disposed of the matter, I will
refer to three of the other issues raised by the parties i.e. estoppel, the
premium received and the legal costs.

Estoppel

40 The plaintiff pleaded in its Reply that the defendant was estopped from
denying liability. The estoppel was alleged to have arisen from the
defendant’s letter of 12 March 2002 after it received the plaintiff’s
notification dated 21 February 2002. The letter reads:

We refer to your email notification dated 21 February 2002 in respect of a
potential claim against Penguin Boat International involving a vessel
‘Paesano’ belonging to Goodman Yachts LLC.

We wish to inform you that we are the subrogated insurers of the plaintiff,
i.e. Goodman Yachts LLC in this case and therefore advise that you should be
careful with regard to the content of any further correspondence on the matter
to us.

Based on our understanding of the case, Penguin Boat were the manufacturers of
a new cradle for holding the yacht ‘Paesano’ and it is the construction and
design of this cradle which is being potentially called into question. As
such, we do not consider that the liability if any, of the yard would be
covered under the above policy which covers shiprepair activities and the
policy would not appear to cover the manufacturer of a new cradle for a yacht.

There is also exclusion of the case under Exclusion VIII (no notification to
Underwriters within 6 months of the delivery to Owners or the completion of
the work (whichever occurs first)).

Therefore, we are formally denying liability under the SRLL policy and
recommend that Penguin Boat act as a prudent uninsured.

41 The plaintiff pleaded in para 4 of its Reply:

[T]he Plaintiff had defended itself in the Canadian proceedings and entered
into the reasonable settlement in reliance upon the Defendant’s representation
in its fax dated 12 March 2002 to the Plaintiff that the Plaintiff should act
as a prudent uninsured, and, in doing so, acted to its detriment. In the
circumstances, the Defendant is estopped, by representation and/or by
convention, from denying liability to indemnify the Plaintiff for any payment
pursuant to the settlement reached.

but did not expand on this in its submissions.

42 I think there was little scope for elaboration because there is no merit in
this issue. I say this because the defendant was acting correctly to inform
the plaintiff that it did not accept the loss to be covered under the
shiprepairers legal liability policy, and to give formal notice of denial of
liability. Having done that, it was entirely proper for the defendant to
recommend that the plaintiff act as a prudent uninsured, without giving any
proposals or advice in connection with the owner’s claim.

43 In the event, the plaintiff did not rely on the letter when it settled the
case. It obtained advice from counsel in Singapore and Canada. The plea of
estoppel is fundamentally and fatally flawed.

The premium paid

44 The plaintiff also pleaded in its Reply that the defendant cannot deny that
the construction of the cradle was a part of the plaintiff’s shiprepairing
operations because it had accepted premium for the policy which was computed
on 0.8% of the gross receipts of the plaintiff, inclusive of the charges for
the construction of the cradle.

45 The gross receipts were declared annually in a global figure for the whole
year.[note: 13] In Cheng Yee Seng’s affidavit of evidence-in-chief, he deposed
at [66] to [67] that for the year 1999, the declared turnover was $4,026,000
and the plaintiff paid a premium of $32,208.

46 As the figure of $4,026,000 was a global figure, there is no basis for the
plaintiff to assert that the defendant was aware that $7,500 of that aggregate
sum was for the construction of the cradle.

47 If the defendant accepted premium inclusive of the $60 for the $7,500 for
the cradle in these circumstances, it is not debarred from asserting that the
construction of the cradle did not come within the plaintiff’s shiprepairing
operations. The proper redress is for the plaintiff to seek a refund of the
$60.

Legal costs incurred in the Canadian action

48 The plaintiff pleaded in [19] of its Statement of Claim:

As a result of the Defendant’s breach, the Plaintiff has suffered loss and
damage as follows:

_Particulars of Loss/Damage_

_S/No._ _Description_ _Amount_

1\. Sum paid to Goodman Yachts LLC US$150,000

2\. Legal costs and/or costs incurred in  
defending the Canadian proceedings

a. Singapore S$146,848.24

b. Canada S$915,290.31

The legal bills produced were solicitor-and-client bills. The plaintiff did
not incur any party-and-party costs as the US$150,000 payment was inclusive of
interest and costs.[note: 14]

49 Under the policy, the defendant was to indemnify the plaintiff for all sums
which the plaintiff shall become liable to pay _by reason of the legal
liability_ of the plaintiff.

50 The costs that the plaintiff was liable to pay by reason of the legal
liability were the party-and-party costs paid to the claimant in the Canadian
proceedings. If the defendant had not repudiated liability, it would have
taken over the defence of the Canadian proceedings, and the plaintiff would
not have to incur _any_ legal costs, party-and-party or solicitor-and-client.

51 In this case, because the defendant repudiated liability, the plaintiff had
to deal with the Canadian claim and incur legal costs. The solicitor-and-
client costs the plaintiff paid to its lawyers in Singapore and Canada were
costs that the plaintiff paid of its own volition pursuant to the terms of
appointment of the lawyers, and were not costs it was liable to pay by reason
of its legal liability to the claimant.

52 The defendant submitted that the plaintiff was not entitled to claim
solicitor-and-client costs incurred in defending the Canadian action as the
costs were not covered under the policy. While this argument is correct in the
confines of the terms of the policy, it does not address the point that the
plaintiff would not have incurred these costs if the defendant did not
repudiate liability, and therefore _if_ the repudiation was wrongful, such
costs are recoverable as damages for breach of contract. In the event they are
not recoverable as the repudiation was not wrongful.

_________________

[note: 1]Affidavit of Cheng Yee Seng, exh CYC-7

[note: 2]Statement of Claim para 5

[note: 3]Notes of Evidence 12 Nov 2007 page 146

[note: 4]Affidavit of Cheng Yee Seng para 12

[note: 5]Notes of Evidence 12 November 2007 page 61

[note: 6]Notes of Evidence 13 November 2007 pages 86-87

[note: 7]Affidavit of Cheng Yee Seng, exh CYC-10

[note: 8]1AB177

[note: 9]4AB929-930

[note: 10]1AB347

[note: 11]1AB372

[note: 12]1AB194-196

[note: 13]see 4AB462

[note: 14]Affidavit of Cheng Yee Seng, para 46

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 06 Jun 2008 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

