Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Ung Yoke Hooi v Attorney-General  
[2008] SGHC 139

Case Number | : | OS 1415/2007  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 21 August 2008  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Tay Yong Kwang J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Singa Retnam and Amaladass (Kertar & Co) for the applicant; Eric Chin and Stanley Kok (Attorney-General's Chambers) for the respondent   
Parties | : |  Ung Yoke Hooi — Attorney-General   
  
Administrative Law  
  

21  August 2008 |   
---|---  
  
Tay Yong Kwang J:

1 This is an application under O 53 of the Rules of Court (Cap. 322 R5, 2006
Rev Ed) (“ROC”) for leave to apply for the following orders:

(a) A declaratory order, directing the Attorney-General, the Director of
Corrupt Practices Investigation Bureau (“CPIB”) and Principal Special
Investigator Alvin Cheong to release Standard Chartered Bank Accounts No.
22-3-xxxxxx-x, 22-0-xxxxxx-x, 015-xxxxx-xx-xx and 015-xxxxx-xx-xx and
Development Bank of Singapore (“DBS”) Account No. 11-7-xxxxxx;

(b) A declaratory order that the withholding of the Applicant’s monies in the
said five bank accounts pursuant to s 68 of the Criminal Procedure Code (Cap
68, 1985 Rev Ed) (“CPC”) and the failure to report to a magistrate for
directions on the disposal of the monies under s 392 of the CPC, is an abuse
of power and/or neglect of duty;

(c) In the alternative, a declaratory order that the failure of the persons
mentioned in (a) above to avail themselves of Sections 16 and 17 of the
Corruption, Drug Trafficking and other Serious Crime (Confiscation of
Benefits) Act (Cap 65A, 2000 Rev Ed) (“CDSA”) is clear evidence that their
mere reliance on s 68 of the CPC is another aspect of an abuse of power and/or
process;

(d) A mandatory order to direct the Attorney-General to forthwith release the
accounts and render the same operable by the Applicant.

2 At this stage, it would be appropriate and convenient for me to deal quickly
with prayers (a) to (c) set out above.

3 It is well-established that the High Court does not have the power to grant
declaratory orders under Order 53 of the ROC. Our O 53 is borrowed from the
old English O 53, in force prior to 11 January 1978, which never contained a
power to grant declaratory orders. England has since changed its position
through legislative amendments. Sinnathuray J held in _Re Application by Dow
Jones (Asia) Inc._ [1987] S.L.R. 505 (at [225]) that:

The position in Singapore is different from that of England … there is no
provision in our substantive law or our rules of court relating to procedure
for this court to make orders of declarations or give other ancillary reliefs
in an application made under O 53.

This position was approved in _Chan Hiang Leng Colin and Others v Minister for
Information and the Arts_ [1996] 1 S.L.R. 609 (“ _Colin Chan_ ”) where the
Court of Appeal held (at [613]):

Our RSC O 53 is based on the old English O 53. There was never any power to
grant a declaration under that Order because a declaration is not a
prerogative order. _Re Application by Dow Jones (Asia) Inc_ was rightly
decided.

4 The applicant has not sought to show how the above legal principle can or
should be departed from in the present case. Therefore, following _Colin Chan_
, I must strike out the application in respect of the three declaratory
orders. Accordingly, the rest of this judgment deals only with the application
to seek leave to apply for the mandatory order.

The applicant’s case

5 The applicant, a Malaysian citizen now residing in Singapore with his
family, is a businessman who deals with waste metals. He has the following
bank accounts:

(a) Standard Chartered Bank Account No. 22-3-xxxxxx-x (“Account No. 1”);

(b) Standard Chartered Bank Account No. 22-0-xxxxxx-x (“Account No. 2”);

(c) Standard Chartered Bank Account No. 015-xxxxxx-xx-xx (“Account No. 3”);

(d) Standard Chartered Bank Account No. 015-xxxxx-xx-xx (“Account No. 4”); and

(e) Development Bank of Singapore Account No. 11-7-xxxxxx (“Account No. 5”).

6 The genesis of this case began in 2002 when, at the behest of one Raymond
Ng, the applicant purchased 29% of the shares in Citiraya Technologies Sdn Bhd
(“Citiraya Malaysia”). Raymond Ng and the applicant were then, respectively,
the Chief Executive Officer and a minority shareholder of Citiraya Malaysia’s
parent company, Citiraya Industries (Singapore) Ltd (“Citiraya Singapore”).
Citiraya Singapore owned 60% of Citiraya Malaysia, while another two minority
shareholders owned 8% and 3% respectively.

7 Subsequently, Raymond Ng sold his shares in Citiraya Singapore to his
brother, one Ng Teck Lee. Sometime in 2003, Ng Teck Lee offered to purchase
all the remaining shares in Citiraya Malaysia not owned by Citiraya Singapore.
The two minority shareholders of Citiraya Malaysia instructed the applicant to
act for them in this matter through a letter of authority. After negotiations
effectively concluded in December 2003, the applicant agreed to sell his
shares plus the shares of the minority shareholders, totalling 40% of Citiraya
Malaysia’s shares, to Ng Teck Lee for S$4 million. The applicant took pains to
emphasize that the negotiations were concluded at arm’s length.

8 Under the terms of this agreement, the S$4 million was to be paid in 10
equal instalments. The applicant states that the first instalment was paid on
19 April 2004 by way of an OCBC cheque drawn in the name of one Goh Teck Inn.
It was never made clear who this Goh Teck Inn was and what his relationship
with Ng Teck Lee was. Another 5 instalments were subsequently paid on 27 May
2004, 27 July 2004, 27 October 2004, 30 November 2004 and 30 December 2004.
These were paid by the transfer of monies from bank accounts in the name of
Pan Asset International (“PAI”), a company incorporated in the British Virgin
Islands, to the applicant’s Account No. 2. As will be seen, it is the
respondent’s case that PAI was beneficially owned by Ng Teck Lee.

9 In January 2005, CPIB’s investigations against the management of Cititraya
Singapore, for a scam involving the diversion of rejected microprocessor chips
into black markets, were made public. By November 2005, various individuals
were convicted of abetting Ng Teck Lee in bribery and falsifying accounts or
for accepting bribes. Ng Teck Lee left Singapore and became a fugitive.

10 In December 2006, the applicant found that he was unable to operate Account
No. 1. Shortly after that, he was notified by the Development Bank of
Singapore that Account No. 5 was frozen by the CPIB. The applicant then sought
an explanation from the CPIB. By a letter dated 13 June 2007, the CPIB
confirmed that Accounts No. 1 and 5 had been frozen pursuant to section 68 of
the CPC. This is incorrect as it was later discovered, during a pre-trial
conference, that Account No. 1 was never frozen by the CPIB. It is unclear why
the applicant was unable to operate it in December 2006.

11 By a letter dated 4 February 2008, the CPIB informed the applicant that
Accounts No. 2 and 3were also seized in addition to Account No. 5. Thus, only
3 bank accounts were seized by the CPIB: Accounts No. 2, 3 and 5. Nonetheless,
the applicant insisted that not only was Account No. 1 also frozen but Account
No. 4, which had not been mentioned before the applicant filed his amended
originating summons, had also been seized. Thus, in the amended originating
summons, the applicant made all 5 accounts the subject of his application.

12 The applicant seeks a mandatory order to direct the respondent to release
the 5 accounts. While the applicant made a number of assertions, his basic
legal claims may be summarized as follows:

(a) The seizure of the bank accounts under s 68 of the CPC was illegal and an
abuse of process. This is because, first, the applicant had not been charged
with any offence nor was he the subject of any investigation; second, the
respondent had not provided any evidence that the funds in the seized accounts
came from PAI; and third, the applicant had no knowledge that the funds came
from PAI; Moreover, CPIB’s intention to proceed with confiscation orders under
the CDSA was also an abuse of process;

(b) The seizure of the accounts was unreasonable as CPIB had done nothing with
the accounts since the first one was seized more than a year ago;

(c) There was also procedural impropriety in the seizure of the accounts. The
applicant claimed that the procedure set out in s 68(2) and 392(1) of the CPC
were not complied with.

The respondent’s case

13 The respondent submitted that since January 2005, Ng Teck Lee has been
under investigation for criminal breach of trust for misappropriating computer
chips from Citiraya Singapore. In the midst of the investigations, it was
discovered that the proceeds of sale from the misappropriation
(“Misappropriation Proceeds”) were paid into the bank accounts of PAI, a
company owned beneficially by Ng Teck Lee.

14 The respondent submitted that the five instalments paid by Ng Teck Lee to
the applicant from 27 May 2004 to 30 December 2004 (see [8] above) were made
out of PAI bank accounts and paid into the applicant’s Account No. 2. Thus,
part of the Misappropriation Proceeds could be traced directly to the
applicant’s Account No. 2. This account was accordingly seized on 17 November
2006.

15 However, prior to the seizure of Account No. 2, some of the Misappropriated
Proceeds had already been transferred to Accounts No. 3, 4 and 5 from Account
No. 2. As such, Account No. 3 was seized on 19 December 2006 while Account No.
5 was seized on 11 January 2007. For some reason, perhaps due to oversight,
Account No. 4 was not seized. This account was an investment account and it
was redeemed on 5 July 2007. The funds from the redemption were credited back
to Account No. 2. Therefore, in order to rectify the earlier lapse, the CPIB
seized the funds that were in Account No. 2 on 7 March 2008, after this
originating summons had been commenced. At all times, the CPIB asserted that
the source of monies in the accounts seized was connected to the
Misappropriation Proceeds.

16 The respondent further submitted that the length of time for which the
accounts had been seized was reasonable since the case was complex and
involved, among other things, foreign financial institutions and foreign
companies. The case was further complicated by Ng Teck Lee’s absence from
Singapore. In the circumstances, there was no inordinate delay to justify the
issue of a prerogative writ (see _Tan Tiang Hin Jerry v Singapore Medical
Council_ [2000] 2 S.L.R. 274 (“ _Jerry Tan_ ”).

17 The respondent also argued that the seizure of the accounts would not last
indefinitely. The CPIB intends to commence criminal proceedings against Ng
Teck Lee when he is located and brought back to Singapore. In the meantime, in
the absence of Ng Teck Lee, the CPIB has been making preparations to proceed
with confiscation orders under the CDSA. All three accounts seized by the CPIB
will be the subject of such confiscation proceedings.

18 In any case, the respondent submitted, the applicant had not suffered any
substantial prejudice from the seizure of the accounts: see _Jerry Tan_ at
[49]. The respondent argued that the applicant had only made a bare assertion
of hardship and had not bothered or was unable to provide any credible
evidence as to the alleged hardship. In fact, there was some evidence
indicating that the applicant did not have a pressing need for the monies held
in the accounts seized. This could be seen from the fact that the applicant
was unclear about or even unaware of which of his accounts were seized.
According to the respondent, as the applicant is an astute businessman, his
lack of knowledge about which of his bank accounts were subject to seizure
must lead to the irresistible conclusion that the applicant did not have any
pressing need for the monies in the seized accounts.

The decision of the court

19 I refused the applicant leave to apply for a mandatory order. Order 53 r
1(1) of the ROC states that:

No application for a Mandatory Order, Prohibiting Order or Quashing Order
shall be made unless leave to make such an application has been granted in
accordance with this Rule.

The orders referred to in the above rule were formerly known as mandamus,
prohibition and _certiorari_ respectively (see Appendix D of the ROC).

20 In _Public Service Commission v Lai Swee Lin Linda_ [2001] 1 S.L.R. 644 (“
_Linda Lai_ ”), the Court of Appeal explained (at [653]) that the application
for leave:

… is intended to be a means of filtering out groundless or hopeless cases at
an early stage, and its aim is to prevent a wasteful use of judicial time,
protect public bodies from harassment (whether intentional or otherwise) that
might arise from a need to delay implementing decisions where the legality of
such decisions is being challenged.

21 The balance of justice is struck by allowing leave “… if there appears to
be a point which might, on further consideration, turn out to be an arguable
case in favour of granting to the applicant the relief claimed” (see _Linda
Lai_ at [653]). Another way of expressing the same test would be to require
the applicant to show “… a _prima facie_ case of reasonable suspicion” (see
_Colin Chan_ at [616]). In coming to this conclusion, however, the court
should not go into the matter in any depth but rather make “… a quick perusal
of the material then available” (see _IRC v National Federation of Self-
Employed_ [1981] 2 All ER 93 (at [p 106]).

22 As conceded by the respondent, the threshold that the applicant has to
satisfy is a low one. However, this should not be taken to imply that the
applicant will succeed whenever a bare allegation of maladministration is
made. This same point was emphasized in _Teng Fuh Holdings Pte Ltd v Collector
of Land Revenue_ [2006] 3 S.L.R. 507 (at [524]) (“ _Teng Fuh Holdings_ ”) when
Phang J (as he then was) said:

… such abuse of power will not be assumed (let alone be found) at the
slightest drop of a hat. It is a serious allegation. There must be proof. In
proceedings such as these, there must be sufficient evidence, produced in its
appropriate context, that establishes that a “ _prima facie_ case of
reasonable suspicion” of bad faith exists.

23 Thus, at the very least, the applicant has to establish what might turn out
to be an arguable case. Anything beneath that standard will not do. In my
view, the applicant has not even satisfied this minimum standard of proof. He
has not shown sufficient evidence to prove that there might be an arguable
case that the seizure of his accounts was in any way illegal or unreasonable
or that there was procedural impropriety. Indeed, this case appears to me to
be the type of case that O 53 r 1 of the ROC is meant to filter out.

**_Illegality_**

24 The applicant argued that the seizure of the bank accounts under s 68 of
the CPC was illegal and an abuse of process. This was based on three
contentions:

(a) The applicant had not been charged with any offence nor was he the subject
of any investigation;

(b) The respondent had not provided any evidence that the funds in the seized
accounts came from PAI; and

(c) The applicant had no knowledge that the funds came from PAI.

Furthermore, it was said that the CPIB’s decision to eventually take out
proceedings under s 16 of the CDSA would also amount to an abuse of process.

25 Since much of the arguments turned on s 68 of the CPC, I now reproduce the
provision in full below:

**Powers of police to seize property suspected to be stolen.**

**68.** —(1) Any police officer may seize any property which is alleged or
suspected to have been stolen or which is found under circumstances which
create suspicion of the commission of any offence.

(2) Such police officer, if subordinate to the officer in charge of a police
station, shall forthwith report the seizure to that officer.

It is immediately apparent, on plain reading of the section, that nothing in
it requires the applicant to be charged with any offence, be the subject of
any investigation or to have knowledge that the property was stolen. On the
contrary, all that is required is that the property is alleged or suspected to
be stolen or that it is found under circumstances which create suspicion of
the commission of an offence. Thus, the fact that the applicant may have had
no knowledge of any offence committed by Ng Teck Lee is irrelevant. The
applicant’s claim of illegality on the grounds (a) and (c) of [24] above
therefore cannot stand.

26 It is incorrect for the applicant to argue that the respondent did not
provide evidence that the monies in the seized accounts came from PAI. This
would reverse the burden of proof as it is incumbent upon the applicant, not
the respondent (as there might not even be any since an application under O 53
for leave is usually heard _ex parte_), to provide the grounds for which the
relief is sought. O 53 r 1(2) provides as follows:

(2) An application for such leave must be made by ex parte originating summons
and must be supported by a statement setting out the name and description of
the applicant, the relief sought and the grounds on which it is sought, and by
an affidavit, to be filed when the application is made, verifying the facts
relied on.

Thus, it is the duty of the person applying for leave under O 53 to provide
sufficient evidence to show that there might be an arguable case to grant the
relief sought. In this particular case, the import of O 53 r 1(2) means that
the applicant has to show evidence that the funds in the seized accounts were
not tainted by the Misappropriation Proceeds. He could perhaps have done this
by showing that the monies in the said accounts originated from a “clean”
source.

27 It is true that the applicant did say that the first instalment, for the
sale of the applicant’s Citiraya Malaysia shares to Ng Teck Lee, was made by
way of an OCBC bank cheque in the name of one Goh Teck Inn. However, he failed
to explain who this Goh Teck Inn was and whether he had any connection to Ng
Teck Lee. More glaringly, the applicant then neglected to explain how the rest
of the instalments were paid. It was the respondent who came to court to
explain that the rest of the instalments were made via bank transfers from PAI
bank accounts. Hence, the applicant did not provide sufficient evidence to
show that there was no link between the monies in his accounts and Ng Teck
Lee.

28 At this point, it is appropriate for me to echo Phang J’s statement in
_Teng Fuh Holdings_ (quoted at [22], above) that an abuse of process is a
serious allegation for which requisite evidence must be provided before the
court will grant leave under O 53. In the circumstances, the applicant’s
suggestion that there was an abuse of process because the respondent did not
provide evidence that the funds in the seized accounts came from PAI is
without merit.

29 I also rejected the applicant’s submission that the CPIB’s intention to
eventually take out confiscation proceedings under s 16 of the CDSA will also
amount to an abuse of process. First, this is an allegation that, if proved to
be true, would be more suitably remedied by the grant of a prohibiting order,
not a mandatory order. Even disregarding this technicality, there is nothing
illegal for the CPIB to take out confiscation proceedings after using s 68 of
the CPC to seize the accounts. S 68 of the CPC is an interim measure used to
preserve evidence while investigations are underway. This is evident from s
392(1) of the CPC which mandates that the seized property must be reported to
a Magistrate’s Court which may then make a final order regarding the property.
Given that s 68 of the CPC is merely a temporary measure, the CPIB is fully
entitled to take steps to confiscate the monies in the accounts after the
accounts have been seized.

30 The applicant also argued that using the CDSA now would amount to an abuse
of process because s 15 of the CDSA requires that the owner of the property
subject to restrain must either have criminal proceedings instituted against
him or have been officially informed that he may be prosecuted for a serious
offence. No proceedings have yet been commenced against the applicant nor has
he been informed that he may be prosecuted for any offence. That may be true
but since the CPIB has yet to confiscate or restrain the seized accounts under
the CDSA, no such alleged abuse of process has taken place.

**_Unreasonableness_**

31 It was also alleged that the seizure of the accounts was unreasonable as
the CPIB had done nothing with the accounts since the first account was seized
on 17 November 2006, more than a year ago. On this point, the respondent
submitted that the test for whether the length of time for which the accounts
were seized was reasonable is found in the case of Tan Tiang Hin Jerry v
Singapore Medical Council [2000] 2 S.L.R. 274 (“Jerry Tan”). It was submitted
that the test consisted of 2 stages. First, it must be determined whether
there has been an inordinate delay in the handling of the accounts; and
second, the delay must have caused substantial prejudice to the applicant.

32 The case of Jerry Tan involved a delay in dealing with a complaint by the
Complaints Committee of the Singapore Medical Council. In the present case, it
is not even true that there was any delay or that the CPIB has done nothing
with the accounts after they were seized. In his oral submissions, counsel for
the respondent informed the court that the three seized accounts were reported
to the Magistrate, as required by s 392 of the CPC, on 8 March 2007. Thus, the
accounts were held, not at the discretion of the CPIB, but by the order of the
Magistrate. The relevant section is reproduced, as follows:

**Procedure by police on seizure of property.**

**392.** —(1) The seizure by any police officer of property taken under
section 29 or alleged or suspected to have been stolen, or found under
circumstances which create suspicion of the commission of any offence shall be
forthwith reported to a Magistrate’s Court which shall make such order as it
thinks fit respecting the delivery of the property to the person entitled to
the possession of it or, if that person cannot be ascertained, respecting the
custody and production of the property.

(2) If the person so entitled is known, the Magistrate’s Court may order the
property to be delivered to him on such conditions, if any, as the
Magistrate’s Court thinks fit.

(3) The Magistrate’s Court shall, on making an order under subsection (2),
cause a notice to be served on that person, informing him of the terms of the
order, and requiring him to take delivery of the property within such period
from the date of the service of the notice (not being less than 48 hours) as
the Magistrate’s Court may in the notice prescribe.

(4) If that person is unknown or cannot be found the Magistrate’s Court may
direct that it be detained in police custody and the Commissioner of Police
shall, in that case, issue a public notification, specifying the articles of
which the property consists and requiring any person who has a claim to it to
appear before him and establish his claim within 6 months from the date of the
public notification:

Provided that, where it is shown to the satisfaction of the Magistrate’s Court
that the property is of no appreciable value, or that its value is so small
as, in the opinion of the Magistrate’s Court, to render impracticable the
sale, as hereinafter provided, of the property, or as to make its detention in
police custody unreasonable in view of the expense or inconvenience that would
thereby be involved, the Magistrate’s Court may order the property to be
destroyed or otherwise disposed of, either on the expiration of such period
after the publication of the notification above referred to as it may
determine, or forthwith, as it thinks fit.

(5) Every notification under subsection (4) shall be published in the
_Gazette_ if the value of the property amounts to $100.

The CPIB did report the seizure of the three accounts to the Magistrate’s
Court. Although it did not appear to have been done “forthwith”, there is no
apparent prejudice occasioned to anyone. The CPIB has therefore dealt with the
seized property appropriately and is now holding the monies in the seized
accounts legally, reasonably and with the Magistrate’s sanction.

33 The first account was seized on 17 November 2006 and is still frozen now.
That is a period of more than a year. This is not unreasonable as the case is
a complex cross-border one involving foreign companies, foreign bank accounts
and foreign financial institutions. The disappearance of Ng Teck Lee has made
things more difficult as this means that the CPIB has to conduct
investigations without his assistance. In the circumstances, it could not be
said that there was inordinate delay for the accounts to be under seizure for
more than a year.

34 I also accepted the respondent’s submission that the applicant has not
suffered any substantial prejudice due to the seizure of the accounts. It is
true that he has made some suggestion of hardship caused to him and his
family. However, this was not borne out by the evidence. On the contrary, the
evidence suggested that he has no real pressing need for the monies in the
seized accounts as he was not even aware of their seizure. He had knowledge of
their seizure only after (in the case of Accounts No. 2 and 3) the CPIB and
(in the case of Account No. 5) DBS informed him. According to the evidence,
the only account he has attempted to use (Account No. 1) was not seized.
Therefore no substantial prejudice has been caused to the applicant by the
continued seizure of Accounts No. 2, 3 and 5.

35 The applicant’s claim that the CPIB was unreasonable in its handling of his
accounts was simply untenable.

**_Procedural Impropriety_**

36 The final ground relied upon by the applicant to obtain a mandatory order
was that there was procedural impropriety in the seizing of the three
accounts. The House of Lords decided in _Lloyd v McMahon_ [1987] A.C. 625 (at
[702-703]) that:

…it is a well established rule that when a statute has conferred on any body
the power to make decisions affecting individuals, the courts will not only
require the procedure prescribed to be followed, but will readily imply so
much and no more to be introduced by way of additional procedural safeguards
as will ensure the attainment of fairness…

Therefore, where Parliament has set out a procedure to be followed, failure to
comply with such could be a ground for granting a mandatory order.

37 There are two heads to the applicant’s claim of procedural impropriety. He
alleged that both s 68(2) (see [25] above) and s 392(1) (see [32] above) of
the CPC were not complied with.

38 In my opinion, the applicant’s claim of procedural impropriety is without
merit. In respect of s 68(2), the affidavit provided by Principal Special
Investigator of the CPIB, Fong Wai Kit (“Fong”), clearly evinced the fact that
he ordered the seizure of the accounts and that the seizure was reported to
him. Under section 17 of the Prevention of Corruption Act (Cap 241, 1993 Rev
Ed), a special investigator may exercise all or any of the powers in relation
to police investigations given by the CPC where a seizable offence has been
committed. Since the CPIB was investigating an offence of criminal breach of
trust, a seizable offence under Schedule 2 of the CPC, Fong would accordingly
also be able to exercise his power to seize the accounts or to receive a
report of the seizure of the accounts. Section 68(2) of the CPC was therefore
complied with.

39 As for s 392(1), counsel for the respondent stated that the CPIB reported
the seizure to the Magistrate’s Court on 8 March 2007. As stated at [32]
above, the slight delay in reporting is immaterial as it caused no apparent
prejudice to anyone.

40  For the above reasons, the applicant’s claim of procedural impropriety
could not be sustained.

Conclusion

41 In summary, the applicant has not adduced sufficient evidence to show that
there might be an arguable case that the seizure of the accounts was in some
way illegal or unreasonable or that there was procedural impropriety on the
part of the investigating authority. The applicant has therefore not satisfied
the standard required for granting leave.

42 In the circumstances, I directed, with respect to Accounts No. 1 and 4 that
the CPIB said were not seized, the CPIB to write a letter to Standard
Chartered Bank, by 4 pm on 14 April 2008, to confirm the same. This letter
from the CPIB is to be copied to the solicitors for the applicant. Apart from
the above direction, the originating summons is dismissed with costs to be
taxed or agreed.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 21 Aug 2008 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

