Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## TCL Industries (Malaysia) Sdn Bhd v ICC Chemical Corp  
[2008] SGHC 235

Case Number | : | Suit 24/2005, RA 302/2008  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 19 December 2008  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Lee Seiu Kin J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Jones Simon Dominic (Grays LLC) for the plaintiff; Peter Gabriel and Kelvin Tan (Gabriel Law Corporation) for the defendant   
Parties | : |  TCL Industries (Malaysia) Sdn Bhd — ICC Chemical Corp   
  
Civil Procedure – Discovery of documents – One document previously disclosed
by plaintiff had handwritten annotation to "File 15A" – Whether defendant
entitled to further discovery of documents in "File 15A"  
  
Legal Profession – Duties – Court – Plaintiff's counsel gave impression that
he had perused documents in "File 15A" and decided they were not relevant to
matter when plaintiff's counsel did not have sight of documents in "File 15A"
– Whether plaintiff's counsel misled court by creating such an impression  
  

19 December 2008 |   
---|---  
  
Lee Seiu Kin J:

1 This is an appeal by the plaintiff against the order of the assistant
registrar of 30 July 2008 for further discovery in Summons No 3240 of 2008
(“the Summons”). The assistant register had ordered the plaintiff to file a
further and better list of documents “in respect of File 15A referred to in
their Production Department Monthly Report for September 2003 and that the
Affidavit should include all the documents in Box File 15A”.

2 The defendant had applied for further discovery on the basis of a
handwritten annotation to “File 15A” in a document that the plaintiff had
given in discovery, namely “Production Department Monthly Report for September
2003”. Rules of Court (Cap 322, R5, 2004 Rev Ed) O 24 r 5(1) (“the Act”)
provides that the court may, on an application by a party, make an order
requiring the other party to make an affidavit stating whether any document
specified or described in the application is in his possession, custody or
power. The nature of the documents within the scope of this order covers
relevant documents, as well as (O 24 r 5(3)(c) of the Act):

a document which may lead the party seeking discovery of it to a train of
inquiry resulting in his obtaining information which may –

(i) adversely affect his own case;

(ii) adversely affect another party’s case; or

(iii) support another party’s case.

File 15A has been referred to in a relevant document, and it is open to the
defendant to assert that the documents therein may lead it to such a train of
inquiry.

3 The plaintiff had refused to accede to the defendant’s written requests to
give disclosure of “File 15A” and it would appear that a considerable amount
of correspondence had flowed over this matter. In opposition to the summons,
the plaintiff’s solicitor, Mr Jayagobi Jayaram (“Mr Jayaram”), filed an
affidavit on 29 July 2008. Apart from complaining about the length of time it
took for the defendant to make the request for specific discovery, Mr Jayaram
deposed that the defendant was not entitled to the documents in “File 15A” for
the following reasons. He explained that “File 15A” was “not a document, but
an old standard box file, containing copies of all the Plaintiff’s PDMRs from
April 1998 to December 2005”. However this is a specious argument as the
request would clearly be directed at the documents in the file. Mr Jayaram
went further to say, at [18] that the defendant’s affidavit supporting the
application:

does not state the Defendants’ reasonable belief that “ _File 15A_ ” is in any
way relevant to the forthcoming Assessment of Damages. This fact in itself is
fatal to the Defendants’ application. (emphasis in original)

4 In the discovery process, the onus lies on each party to list all documents
in its possession, custody or power that (O 24 r 1 of the Act):

(a) the party relies in the action; and

(b) could adversely affect the case for one or the other party or could
support the case for the other party.

The usual shorthand for such documents is that they are “relevant to the
issues in dispute”. Each party is bound to give discovery of relevant
documents in its possession, custody or power.

5 In the present case, the defendant sought discovery of documents in a file
(“File 15A”) that had been referred to in one of the documents given in
discovery. Now the documents in that file are either relevant or are
irrelevant. However Mr Jayaram’s affidavit does not make the assertion that
they are irrelevant and therefore the plaintiff is not liable to give
discovery thereof. Instead, he merely states that the defendant did not say
why those documents are relevant. The assistant registrar below held that, as
File 15A was referred to in a document given by the plaintiff in discovery,
the burden fell on the plaintiff to show why the documents therein were not
relevant. The plaintiff failed to do so, and the assistant registrar made the
order for further discovery against which the plaintiff appealed before me.

6 Counsel for the parties first appeared before me on 6 August 2008. At this
hearing, Mr Jones, lead counsel for the plaintiff explained, both in his
written and oral submissions, that “File 15A” was a box file containing
Production Department Monthly Reports (“PDMR”) from April 1998 to December
2005. One of the assertions was that none of those PDMRs “relate in any way to
a period which is material to this Suit” (at [16] of the plaintiff’s written
submissions). Mr Jones gave a detailed explanation about the nature of the
annotation in question, specifically that they signified the manner in which
the PDMR (in which the annotation is found) would be routed, with the
intention that it would be finally filed in “File 15A”. At [45] of the written
submission, Mr Jones said:

It is submitted that it is very clear that neither “** _File 15A_** ” nor the
PDMR, contain anything of relevance to the forthcoming Assessment. (emphasis
in original)

7 Mr Jones also made certain oral assertions about the contents of File 15A,
which I recorded in the following manner at the time:

Plaintiff’s solicitors had considered the contents of file 15A, and deemed
that only September 2003 Monthly Production Report for assessment of damages.

8 As the explanation on the nature of the annotation was given from the Bar
and not on affidavit, I indicated that I was not inclined to disallow the
defendant’s application in the absence of an affidavit from the plaintiff to
explain the annotation. Mr Jones then made an application which I recorded in
the following manner:

Apply for leave to file affidavit: (i) explaining the nature of the
annotation; (ii) stating that the contents of file 15A had been considered in
drawing up original supplementary list for discovery.

9 I gave the plaintiff leave to do so and pursuant to this, on 7 August 2008
Mr Jayaram filed an affidavit. In [4] of that affidavit, Mr Jayaram stated as
follows:

I confirm that the documents, which are now contained in “** _File 15A_** ”
were considered when the Plaintiffs’ Supplemental List for the Assessment was
filed on 29 March 2007. The only document that was relevant, and duly
disclosed to the Defendants as S/No 3 of the said List, was the Plaintiffs’
Production Department Monthly Report for September 2003. (emphasis in
original)

10 On 1 September 2008 the parties appeared before me at the request of the
defendant. It appeared that on the first day of the assessment hearing, 13
August 2008, the plaintiff’s witness disclosed that the plaintiff had, at the
outset, only sent the Production Department Monthly Report for September 2003
to its solicitors in Singapore and that the remaining contents of File 15A
were sent to Singapore only about a week prior to 1 September 2008. In other
words, as of 6 August 2008, when Mr Jones represented to the court by way of
written and oral submissions that nothing else in “File 15A” contained any
document of relevance to the assessment, his firm did not have sight of those
documents.

11 Mr Jones gave an explanation that I recorded in the following manner:

Documents were considered, not in the sense of actually looking at the
documents, but from a description of the documents from the clients.

12 Mr Jones denied that he had given, nor had he intended to give, the
impression that his firm had sight of those documents in order to decide
whether they were relevant. While I accepted Mr Jones’ assurance that he had
no intention to mislead, I would state in no uncertain terms that the
impression given by the oral communications, and reinforced by the written
submissions, was that the plaintiff’s solicitors had perused the documents in
File 15A and had decided that they were not relevant to the matter. An
advocate and solicitor is an officer of the court and should guard against any
possibility that his words may be misconstrued by the court especially on a
matter that is material to the decision that the court is asked to make. If,
at the first hearing of the appeal on 6 August 2008, Mr Jones had stated that
he did not have sight of the documents but had relied on the plaintiff’s
employees to decide on which documents were relevant, my decision would have
been very different. I should state that the words in paragraph 4 of Mr
Jayaram’s affidavit, that the documents in File 15A “were considered” when the
discovery list was filed, certainly gave the impression that such
consideration was carried out by the plaintiff’s solicitors rather than the
plaintiff’s employees who were laypersons. In the circumstances, it ill
behoves any officer of the court to say that such words were not specific and
therefore cannot be considered misleading.

13 Be that as it may, I found that since the plaintiff’s solicitors had not
viewed the documents in question to form a view that they were not relevant,
and as those documents were referred to in a relevant document, I was of the
view that the defendant was entitled to further discovery thereof. I
accordingly dismissed the plaintiff’s appeal with costs.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 19 Dec 2008 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

