Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Lim Quee Choo (suing as co-administratrix of the estate of Koh Jit Meng)
and Another v David Rasif and Another  
[2008] SGHC 36

Case Number | : | Suit 2/2007, SUM 5455/2007  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 10 March 2008  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Goh Yi Han AR   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Sarjit Singh Gill SC and Pradeep Pillai (Shook Lin & Bok LLP) for the second defendant/second defendant; Johnny Cheo (Cheo Yeoh & Associates LLC) for the plaintiffs/plaintiffs   
Parties | : |  Lim Quee Choo (suing as co-administratrix of the estate of Koh Jit Meng); Wong Peng Luan — David Rasif; David Tan Hock Boon   
  
Civil Procedure  
  

10 March 2008 |   
---|---  
  
AR Goh Yihan:

Introduction

1 The present application concerns two broad prayers, which I will outline
shortly but not before providing a brief summary of the parties involved.
David Tan Hock Boon (“the second defendant”) is the second defendant in Suit
No 2 of 2007 (“the present action”) and the applicant in the present
application. Suit No 2 of 2007 is a negligence suit brought against him and
David Rasif (“the first defendant”) by two co-administratrices of the estate
of Koh Jit Meng (“the deceased”), namely, Lim Quee Choo (“the first
plaintiff”) and Wong Peng Luan (“the second plaintiff”). The plaintiffs are
the respondents in the present application.

2 In the present application, the first prayer is for an order to set aside
the order of court dated 30 January 2007 wherein it was ordered that the
service of the amended writ of summons (“the amended writ”) in this action be
effected on the second efendant by, _inter alia_ , publication of a Notice in
English in one issue of _The Straits Times_ (“the order for substituted
service”), and that all proceedings in this action taken thereafter to be
similarly set aside. The second alternative prayer is for the interlocutory
judgment (with damages to be assessed) entered in default of appearance on 26
February 2007 against the second defendant to be set aside, and that the final
judgment against the second defendant with damages assessed at $3,695,622.32
on 14 September 2007 to be similarly set aside. If the interlocutory judgment
and the final judgment are set aside, the second prayer goes on further and
seeks leave for the second defendant to enter an appearance to the action and
to file and serve his defence to the action herein.

3 As the orders are prayed for in the alternative, such that the granting of
one will render consideration of the other unnecessary, I will deal initially
with the first prayer to set aside the order for substituted service.
Notwithstanding my conclusion in relation to the first prayer, I will, for
completeness, also deal with the second prayer to set aside the interlocutory
judgment entered in default of appearance and the final judgment against the
second defendant. I turn now to the second defendant’s first prayer in the
present application for an order to set aside the order for substituted
service.

Prayer for order to set aside order for substituted service

**_The facts_**

_Commencement of present action_

4 The genesis of this first prayer can loosely be said to stem from a
newspaper article. On 6 January 2007, there appeared in _The Straits Times_ an
article authored by K C Vijayan entitled “Suits mount against runaway lawyer”
(“The Straits Times article”). The “runaway lawyer” referred to in the article
is, of course, David Rasif, who is the first defendant in the present action
and the named defendant in other actions brought in the aftermath of his
runaway. However, the well publicised saga surrounding his misappropriation
and subsequent disappearance do not concern this application brought by the
second defendant and constitute a somewhat unnecessary, if unavoidable,
distraction to the facts at hand. The Straits Times article is only relevant
to the extent that it reported that on 3 January 2007, two co-administrators
of a dead man’s estate filed a High Court negligence suit for a flawed $3.5
million share-transfer agreement involving a company director and a
shareholder against the first defendant and the second defendant, the latter
of whom was expressly identified as “David Tan” and described as “a lawyer who
worked at [the first defendant’s] firm”. It should additionally be mentioned
that while the Straits Times article provided some brief background as to the
circumstances leading to the negligence suit, including the name of the
deceased, it did not mention anything about the identity of the law firm which
was instructed to commence the said suit. The detailed facts surrounding the
suit are not relevant for now. Nonetheless, it is clear from the information
provided in the Straits Times article that the “High Court negligence suit”
actually referred to the present action, _viz_ , Suit No 2 of 2007.

5 The second defendant deposed in his affidavit filed on 7 December 2007 for
the purposes of the present application (“the second defendant’s first
affidavit”) that he had read the Straits Times article. He thus conceded that
he “was aware” of that a negligence action was commenced against him by virtue
of this article. However, in the same affidavit, he also stated that he had no
idea as to whether the plaintiffs would be proceeding with their action
against him. He was also unsure whether he could be held liable for any
alleged defaults of the first defendant’s law firm, David Rasif & Partners
(“DRP”), as DRP was a sole proprietorship and he was merely an employee.

6 As it turned out, the initial writ of summons in the present action was
issued against the defendants on 3 January 2007. The Straits Times article was
therefore accurate in so far as it reported that there was a High Court
negligence suit filed against the defendants on 3 January 2007. However, the
amended writ was subsequently issued on 23 January 2007.

_Application for substituted service_

7 On the same day when the amended writ was issued, the plaintiffs applied by
way of an _ex parte_ summons for an order for substituted service. In support
of the summons, the solicitor for the plaintiffs filed an affidavit stating,
_inter alia_ , that: (a) the second defendant was a former partner of DRP and
that he had left the practice; (b) neither he nor the plaintiffs knew of the
second defendant’s residential address; (c) the plaintiffs had only
communicated with the second defendant at the office of DRP which has since
closed; and (d) service by way of advertisement in _The Straits Times_ would
be effectual in bringing the amended writ to the second defendant’s knowledge.

8 The summons first came before the assistant registrar on 23 January 2007.
The assistant registrar refused to grant the order for substituted service and
directed, with respect to the second defendant, that the plaintiffs’ solicitor
filed a supplementary affidavit exhibiting People Profile Information (“PPI”)
searches and describing attempts to serve at alternative addresses, if any.

9 Later in the afternoon of the same day, the plaintiffs’ solicitor attended
before the assistant registrar and submitted, with respect to the second
defendant, that the he had tried PPI searches but that there were too many
“David Tans” such that he could not be sure which referred to the second
defendant. This was reflected clearly in the assistant registrar’s minutes of
the proceedings.

He additionally submitted that he had tried to get the second defendant’s
residential address from the Law Society of Singapore (“the Law Society”) but
that the latter declined to provide the required address on grounds of
confidentiality.

10 The assistant registrar then directed the plaintiffs to file a
supplementary affidavit setting out the matters submitted by him. This
supplementary affidavit was filed on 29 January 2007 and deposed to, _inter
alia_ , the following: (a) the plaintiffs only knew the second defendant’s
name and identity card number but not his residential address; (b) the
plaintiffs were unable to conduct a property search to ascertain the second
defendant’s residential address based purely on his name and identity card
number; (c) the Law Society had refused to release the second defendant’s
residential address; and (d) the Law Society had forwarded to the second
defendant correspondence from the plaintiffs’ solicitor concerning the present
action but that the second defendant had not responded. As a further follow-up
to the state of the said correspondence, the plaintiffs have in their
affidavit filed on 4 January 2008 for the purposes of the present application
(“the plaintiffs’ first affidavit”) deposed that they eventually discovered in
December 2007 that the Law Society had sent the correspondence to the second
defendant’s former address, from which he had moved out prior to the
commencement of the present action.

11 After the supplementary affidavit was filed, the order for substituted
service was granted by the assistant registrar on 30 January 2007.

_Judgments entered against the second defendant in default of appearance_

12 Pursuant to the order for substituted service, an advertisement was put on
_The Straits Times_ on 7 February 2007. The second defendant never saw this
advertisement and thus did not enter an appearance. On 12 February 2007, the
plaintiffs informed the brokers for the second defendant’s professional
indemnity insurers’ (“Lockton”) that they had commenced the present action.
However, it appears that this information never reached the second defendant
as Lockton later replied on 15 February 2007 that they were only the brokers
and did not deal with claimants or their solicitors directly. In the result,
interlocutory judgment in default of appearance was entered against the second
defendant on 26 February 2007 and final judgment with damages assessed at
$3,695,622.32 was obtained on 14 September 2007.

_The second defendant’s discovery of the present action_

13 Less than a month after final judgment was obtained, the first plaintiff
called the second defendant on his mobile phone on 5 October 2007 and informed
him that the plaintiffs had obtained default judgment against him. The
plaintiffs had not contacted the second defendant by his mobile phone prior to
this because, as they have stated in their first affidavit, they did not
realise that they had the mobile phone number of the second defendant written
on a note until late 2007. A meeting was arranged on 8 October 2007 between
the parties, during which the second defendant was informed that the amended
writ was served on him by way of substituted service. The plaintiffs have also
in their first affidavit deposed that the second defendant had at this meeting
informed them that in January 2007, Lockton contacted him about the Straits
Times article and informed him that the plaintiffs had commenced the present
action against him and the first defendant. On 9 October 2007, the second
defendant met with the plaintiffs’ solicitor and requested for copies of the
relevant court documents. These were forwarded to the second defendant on 12
October 2007.

14 After receiving copies of the court documents, the second defendant
informed his professional indemnity insurers, who in turn instructed the
second defendant’s present solicitors to act for him. The second defendant
subsequently determined that he needed to review some files left at DRP’s
offices when he left in March 2006. From his enquiries, the second defendant
found out that after the Law Society had intervened in the practice of DRP
following the disappearance of the first defendant, the files of DRP were
retained by the Law Society. On 26 October 2006, the second defendant’s
solicitors wrote to the Law Society requesting to inspect all the relevant
files. However, when the second defendant’s solicitors attended at the Law
Society, they were told that the plaintiffs, being the previous clients of
DRP, had collected three boxes of relevant files from the Law Society on 14
June 2006.

15 On 26 October 2007, the second defendant’s solicitors wrote to the
plaintiffs’ solicitor requesting to inspect the relevant files. This was
eventually fixed to take place on 7 November 2007. The second defendant’s
solicitors then realised during the course of inspection that they needed
copies of the documents for further review and collation. Copies of the
documents were eventually received by the second defendant’s solicitors on 19
November 2007. On 28 December 2007, the plaintiffs’ solicitor informed the
second defendant’s solicitors that more files relating to the period before
March 2004 had been located. These files were inspected on 11 January 2008 and
copies of the relevant documents obtained on 14 January 2008.

16 The above thus sets out the background to the present application which was
commenced on 7 December 2007, specifically in relation to the first prayer for
an order to set aside the order for substituted service.

**_Whether the order for substituted service should be set aside_**

17 For an order for substituted service can be made under O 62 r 5(1) of the
Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2006 Rev Ed) (“the Rules”), the applicant must
satisfy the court that (a) the applicant is in fact unable to effect personal
service of the writ; and (b) the writ is likely to reach the defendant or come
to his knowledge if the method of substituted which is asked for is adopted:
see _Porter v Freudenberg_ [1915] 1 KB 857 at 888. An order made under O 62 r
5(1) of the Rules may be set aside under O 32 r 6 on the basis that it is an
_ex parte_ order and hence is essentially a provisional order made on the
basis of evidence and submissions emanating from one side only and therefore
when the court reviews the provisional order in the light of the evidence and
arguments adduced by the other party, the court is not inhibited from
discharging or varying the original order: see _WEA Records Ltd v Visions
Channel 4 Ltd_ [1983] 1 WLR 721. This embodies the fundamental rule of
practice that a party affected by an _ex parte_ order may apply to the court
to discharge it, inasmuch as he has not had an opportunity of being heard: see
_HMS Archer_ [1919] P 1.

18 Applied to an order for substituted service made under O 62 r 5(1), the
court is thereby able to discharge or vary the order made previously upon
hearing the opposite side and is convinced that one or all of the requirements
for an order to be granted was not met. It should be emphasised that the
court’s jurisdiction to set aside the order for substituted service is not
appellate in nature and instead flows from a very fundamental desire to
consider all relevant facts and arguments which can be made before it for its
benefit in coming to a just result.

_Two preliminary points_

19 Before considering whether the requirements under O 62 r 5(1) were met,
specifically whether sufficient efforts were utilised to locate the second
defendant by the plaintiffs, I have to first consider two preliminary points
raised by the plaintiffs which they say will prove fatal to the second
defendant’s present application.

(1) The issue of knowledge

(A) THE ARGUMENT

20 First, it was argued that the second defendant was fully aware of the
present action either before or shortly after the order for substituted
service had been made. Therefore, it was submitted that since the intention
which underlies all procedure with regard to procedural service is that the
defendant will probably get to hear of the proceedings, and this purpose had
been fulfilled in the present action, the question of whether the order for
substituted service is in order is not relevant. The authority cited for this
proposition is the High Court decision of _BNP Paribas v Polynesia Timber
Services Pte Ltd_ [2002] 4 SLR 933 (“ _BNP Paribas_ ”).

(B) ANALYSIS

21 With respect, I am unable to accept this contention. The first point really
is that knowledge of the proceedings _after_ the order for substituted service
is not relevant. In every application to set aside an order for substituted
service, it is axiomatic that the applicant would already have known of the
proceedings commenced against him. Otherwise, how would he be able to make
such an application in the first place? If, as the plaintiffs contended, the
proposition of law that flows from _BNP Paribas_ is that so long as the
plaintiff comes to know that proceedings have already been commenced against
him, then any order for substituted service, however irregularly obtained,
must not be set aside because the purpose of service is already fulfilled,
then I think that this is too wide a proposition which, in any event, was not
intended by the High Court in _BNP Paribas_. Indeed, if the plaintiffs are
correct, then _all_ applications to set aside orders for substituted service
must fail for the simple reason that in every such application, the applicant
must have known after the event that there was an action commenced against
him. This clearly cannot be the law.

22 Having ascertained that the second defendant’s knowledge after the order
for substituted service to be irrelevant, I come now to his knowledge _before_
the order was made. While not articulated in such a manner, the plaintiffs’
argument with respect to the second defendant’s knowledge _before_ the order
for substituted service was made must be premised on the following
propositions: the purpose of personal service is to enable the defendant to
obtain _actual_ knowledge that an action had been commenced against him; the
purpose of substituted service, on the other hand, is to impute only
_constructive_ knowledge of this fact when the circumstances did not make it
possible to impute actual knowledge; thus, if the second defendant _actually_
knew of the present action being commenced against him before the order for
substituted service, then the order, in so far as it sought to impart a
_lesser_ degree of knowledge _vis-à-vis_ the degree of knowledge already
possessed by the second defendant, would not advance _any further_ the purpose
of service, which had been achieved when the order was made.

23 While I agree that the very purpose of service is to bring to the actual
knowledge of the defendant that an action has been commenced against him by
the plaintiff, I do not think that the Straits Times article achieved this
purpose. The very essence of personal or substituted service is that it is a
_direct_ communication from the plaintiff to the defendant that a writ had
been issued against the latter. This ensures its accuracy and reliability. In
the present case, although the Straits Times article contained some
particulars with regard to the present action, it was not a direct form of
communication between the plaintiffs and the second defendant. It would have
been open to the second defendant not to pay any heed to the article since the
contents of the article did not emanate from the plaintiffs and he could very
rightly regard its contents to be potentially inaccurate (although I do not
intend to say that _The Straits Times_ is not a reputable publication; it
clearly is). Thus, although the second defendant has conceded that he “was
aware” of the negligence action being commenced against him by way of the
Straits Times article, I do not think that this knowledge amounted to
_reliable_ actual knowledge that the plaintiffs had in fact commenced the
present action against the second defendant. Indeed, the plaintiffs were
unable to point to any authority for the proposition that newspaper articles
in general (as opposed to advertisements pursuant to an order for substituted
service) could properly impart knowledge of the commencement of proceedings on
a defendant.

24 This can be contrasted with the facts of _BNP Paribas_ , which was relied
upon by the plaintiffs. In that case, the plaintiff, BNPP, had commenced an
action against, _inter alia_ , the guarantor (“D2”) of a loan it had granted
to a company (“PTS”) when the company defaulted on the loan. D2, who resided
in Malaysia, had written to BNPP’s solicitors to confirm his residential
address and also asked BNPP to fix an appointment to effect service on him at
his residence. BNPP then successfully applied for service to be effected for
service outside jurisdiction to be effected on D2. However, BNPP was later
informed that the Kuala Lumpur High Court’s process server had failed to
effect service on D2 on three occasions. Following this, D2 orally informed
BNPP over the telephone that the writ could be served on him at his residence
or at his office in Malaysia. BNPP then advertised the notice of the writ in
two Malaysian newspapers, pursuant to an order granting substituted service.
D2 informed BNPP that he would not enter appearance as the writ was not
validly served on him. BNPP then obtained judgment in default of appearance.
D2 applied to set aside the substituted service and default judgment obtained
thereafter.

25 In reversing the order that the substituted service be set aside, the High
Court found that D2 was fully aware that BNPP had issued a writ against him
even before substituted service was granted or executed. Consequently, the
High Court found that there was no question of D2 having suffered prejudice as
a result of not knowing of the advertisements. The High Court then cited with
approval the passage from _Karen Ahmad v Standard Chartered Bank_ _2(3)
Mallal’s Digest_ (4th Ed, 2001 Reissue) [5328] (“ _Karen Ahmad_ ”) which
opined that the intention which underlies all procedure with regard to
substituted service is that the defendant will probably get to hear of the
proceedings. If this purpose is achieved, the question as to whether the
application for substituted service was in order or otherwise is no longer
relevant.

26 In my respectful view, the reasoning behind the High Court’s decision and
endorsement of _Karen Ahmad_ may perhaps be further explained by my
explanation of the plaintiffs’ contention with respect to the second
defendant’s knowledge before the order for substituted service was made (see
[22] above). If this is correct, then it would not escape keen eyes that in
_BNP Paribas_ , the actual knowledge acquired prior to the order for
substituted service in that case came directly from BNPP, the plaintiffs.
There was communication between the parties such that D2 actually wanted to
fix an appointment with BNPP to effect personal service on him. This was, to
my mind, a far more reliable form of actual knowledge than knowledge acquired
through a third party which, in this case, was the Straits Times article.
Accordingly, I do not think that the knowledge acquired by the second
defendant prior to the order for substituted service was such as to render the
very purpose of the order fulfilled such that its regularity ought not to be
in question.

27 Before I depart from this preliminary issue, I note also that the
plaintiffs pointed to the second defendant being informed by Lockton in
January 2007 about the action. Again, for the reasons above, I do not think
that such information can be equated with a direct communication from the
plaintiffs to the second defendant about the commencement of the present
action.

(2) The alleged waiver of irregularity

(A) THE ARGUMENT

28 The second preliminary point raised by the plaintiffs was that the second
defendant had waived any irregularity of the order for substituted service by
including the second prayer for leave to enter an appearance file his defence
in the present application. The authority cited for this proposition is the
Malaysia decision of _Development & Commercial Bank Bhd v Aspatra Corp Sdn
Bhd_ [1995] 3 MLJ 472 (“ _Development & Commercial Bank Bhd_”).

(B) ANALYSIS

29 In my view, this argument has little merit. The case of _Development &
Commercial Bank Bhd_ may be easily distinguished since the prayers in that
case for the setting aside of the substituted service and to file an
appearance were not in the alternative; on the other hand, in the present
case, the prayers are clearly in the alternative. It is only if the court were
unwilling to set aside the order for substituted service that the prayer to
set aside the judgments in default of appearance (with the further prayer for
leave to enter an appearance) is considered. If the plaintiffs are correct,
then it would preclude the courts from considering both prayers in the same
application, even if prayed for in the alternative. This clearly is not the
case as the courts have always considered both prayers in the same
application, albeit in the alternative: see, for example, _Low Choon Kung v
Tham Chan Kum_ [2004] SGDC 139 (“ _Low Choon Kung_ ”).

_Whether it was impracticable to serve the amended writ on the second
defendant_

30 I come now to the primary question of whether the plaintiffs had discharged
the burden of satisfying the court that it was impracticable to serve the
amended writ on the second defendant. It is worthwhile first to outline the
parties’ arguments on this issue.

(1) The parties’ arguments

(A) THE SECOND DEFENDANT'S ARGUMENTS

31 The second defendant’s arguments centred on the second defendant’s mobile
phone number and the PPI searches. It was submitted that it would have been
extremely easy to contact the second defendant on his mobile phone, as had
actually been done in late 2007 when the first plaintiff called the second
defendant _after_ final judgment was obtained.

32 As for the PPI searches, it was submitted that it would have been simple to
conduct a PPI search (if done _properly_) to ascertain the present address of
the second defendant, at which he has been living since June 2005. In fact,
the second defendant had instructed his solicitors to perform a PPI search
using his name and identity card number to verify the plaintiffs’ solicitor’s
claim that there were “many David Tans”, as was submitted to the assistant
registrar at the application for the order for substituted service. The second
defendant’s solicitors performed four types of PPI searches. It is only
necessary to refer to two of these searches. The first of these searches was
to search by a given identity card number. By keying in the second defendant’s
identity card number, the PPI search showed that the second defendant was
listed in the system. The second of these searches involved typing in the
second defendant’s full name in a particular order, _ie_ , “Tan Hock Boon
David” (as opposed to “David Tan Hock Boon”). This search showed that the
second defendant was listed in the system. By proceeding with the searches
based on the identity card number and full name, _ie_ , Tan Hock Boon David”,
the final result would show the second defendant’s present address, with the
date this address was put into the system shown to be 7 June 2005, prior to
the commencement of the present action. Accordingly, the second defendant
submitted that the plaintiffs’ solicitor, who had submitted before the
assistant registrar that he had performed a PPI search but obtained so many
“David Tans” that he could not tell who was the correct person, must have done
the PPI search _without_ using the second defendant’s identity card number and
full name, both of which were within his knowledge.

33 For these reasons, it was therefore incorrect for the plaintiffs’ solicitor
to have submitted to the assistant registrar that there was no way of
ascertaining the second defendant’s address for the purpose of effecting
personal service.

(B) THE PLAINTIFF'S ARGUMENTS

34 On the other hand, the plaintiffs submitted that there are no grounds for
setting aside the order for substituted service. First, it was submitted that
it was indeed not practicable to effect personal service of the amended writ
on the second defendant. In this regard, it was said that the plaintiffs did
not know the second defendant’s residential address as all their dealings with
him had been at the offices of DRP. The plaintiffs had thereafter taken
sufficient steps to discover the residential address of the applicant by
notifying (a) the Law Society (see [9] above) and (b) Lockton (see [12]
above). In reply to the second defendant’s assertion that the plaintiffs could
have discovered his residential address by contacting him on his mobile phone
or conducting a PPI search properly, it was first said that the plaintiffs’
evidence is that the first plaintiff had only located the note containing the
second defendant’s mobile phone number in late 2007 (see [13] above).

35 As for the PPI searches, it was stated that the plaintiffs did not know and
had no basis to suspect the second defendant to be the director or shareholder
of any company and accordingly did not undertake any PPI search. Although the
assistant registrar’s minutes on the afternoon of 23 January 2007 clearly
recorded the plaintiffs’ solicitor as saying that there were many “David Tans”
when he had performed a PPI search (see [9] above), the plaintiffs explained
that the reality was that the assistant registrar had meant to refer to a
search through the phone book. The assistant registrar had also (supposedly)
explained that a PPI search was a property tax search and because the
plaintiffs’ solicitor was not sure what a PPI search meant, he took this to be
case and submitted before the assistant registrar that it was not possible to
conduct a property tax search as he did not have the second defendant’s
residential address in the first place.

(2) Analysis

36 It is not without precedent that an order for substituted service can be
set aside if insufficient effort had been used in attempting to locate the
residential address for personal service. Thus in _Low Choon Kung_ , the
substituted service of a divorce petition by advertisement was deemed
irregular as the petitioner’s efforts in locating the respondent for the
purpose of personal service was deemed to be insufficient.

37 However, a further question begs to be answered: what does “sufficient
effort” mean? The short answer must be that these are steps which satisfy the
court that it is impracticable for personal service to be effected. Further,
_The Supreme Court Practice Directions_ offers some practical guidance as to
what constitutes these steps. In particular, paragraph 32 provides that two
attempts at personal service should be made and that the attempts should be
made at the residence of the party to be served, if known; otherwise or if the
claim relates to that party’s business or work, the attempts should be made at
the party’s place of business or work. While these are merely guidelines, they
do provide for the criterion which underpins the sufficiency of efforts:
reasonableness. In _Wiseman v Wiseman_ [1953] 2 WLR 499, it was said that
methods of communication which were reasonably obvious and could have been
used but which were not would constitute fall short of the standard required.
This is a useful yardstick to be used in ascertaining whether the plaintiffs
used sufficient efforts in the present application. Here, two matters pointing
to potential insufficiency in the plaintiffs’ efforts in effecting personal
service on the second defendant warrant closer attention: (a) the allegation
that the plaintiffs had the second defendant’s mobile phone number; and (b)
the PPI searches.

(A) THE SECOND DEFENDANT'S MOBILE PHONE NUMBER

38 I deal first with the second defendant’s mobile phone number. While I found
it slightly incredulous that the plaintiffs did not have the second
defendant’s mobile phone number until it suddenly appeared just a few weeks
after final judgment was obtained (and indeed I should mention that the
plaintiffs’ solicitor admitted before me that the timing would have seemed
“unusual” to a third party), I cannot discount the plaintiffs’ evidence on
affidavit that they only located the second defendant’s number towards the end
of 2007. However, in my view, had it been the case that the plaintiffs were in
possession of the second defendant’s mobile phone number before the order for
substituted service was made and they had neglected to take this very simple
step to contact the second defendant to ascertain his residential address, I
would have had no hesitation in finding that insufficient effort had been
utilised by the plaintiffs.

(B) THE PPI SEARCHES

39 In my judgment, the PPI searches provide the key to answering the question
of whether sufficient effort was made and hence whether the plaintiffs had
discharged their burden of showing that it was impracticable to effect
personal service. I accept the second defendant’s submission that it would
have been extremely easy for the plaintiffs, who were at the very least in
possession of the second defendant’s full name and identity card number, to
conduct a PPI search properly to ascertain the second defendant’s residential
address.

40 I do not think that there is any merit to the plaintiffs’ submission that
the assistant registrar had not properly explained what a PPI search is. The
minutes of the hearing of the _ex parte_ application, which I will have to
accept as true, shows that it was in fact the plaintiffs’ solicitor who had
submitted to the assistant registrar that he had conducted the PPI searches
but that there were too many “David Tans”. In the absence of extremely
compelling evidence to the contrary, I am led to conclude that the plaintiffs’
solicitor knew what a PPI search was and had really not done a search
properly. Had he done one properly with the second defendant’s full name and
identity card number, he would have been able to locate the second defendant’s
residential address.

(C) NOTIFYING THE LAW SOCIETY AND LOCKTON

41 Finally, I do not think that notifying the Law Society and/or Lockton
constituted sufficient effort. First, contact was made with Lockton only
_after_ the order for substituted service was obtained. Thus this could not
have any bearing on convincing the court of whether sufficient effort was used
to locate the second defendant to effect personal service. As for notifying
the Law Society, while I accept that this could in some circumstances
constitute sufficient effort, the circumstances of the present case force me
to conclude otherwise, especially since the simple step of conducting the PPI
searches properly was not done.

42 In the final analysis, I find that the plaintiffs had not discharged their
burden of showing that it was impracticable to effect personal service on the
second defendant. The plaintiffs ought to have done the PPI search properly,
in view of the fact that their solicitor actually knew what a PPI search is
(as is evident from the minutes stating that he had done a search) and with
their knowledge of the second defendant’s full name and identity card number.
However, I do not think that the plaintiffs’ solicitor was in the least
seeking to conceal anything to the court; I am satisfied that he had made full
and frank disclosure to the court in so far as that means that he had not
sought to intentionally withhold information in his knowledge.

**_Conclusion in relation to prayer to set aside order for substituted
service_**

43 For the reasons given above, I set aside the order for substituted service.
It necessarily follows from this that all other proceedings thereto are
similarly set aside. While this is sufficient to dispose of this application,
I now deal with the second alternative prayer for an order to set aside the
judgments entered in default of the second defendant’s appearance in the event
that I am wrong with respect to the setting aside of the order for substituted
service.

Prayer for order to set aside judgments entered in default of appearance

**_The facts_**

44 As it is relevant to the second prayer to set aside the judgments entered
in default of appearance, the background facts giving rise to the present
action against the defendants can now be briefly stated. The entire saga
started with the deceased’s decision to deal with two individuals known as Tan
Wah Leng (“Tan”) and her husband Thian Kim Hoe (“Thian”). Tan and Thian were
the sole shareholders and directors of a company incorporated in Singapore
known as Dauphin Offshore Engineering & Trading Pte Ltd (“the Company”). They
were the registered owners of all ten million ordinary shares in the Company
which constituted the entire shareholding of the Company.

_The Share Transfer Agreement and the Supplemental Agreement_

45 In 2001, the deceased paid $3.5m to Tan and Thian for 3 million shares in
the Company. In addition, the deceased also advanced a sum of about $316,000
to Tan and Thian. The understanding was supposedly that the sale proceeds of
the shares and the advances from the deceased were to be used by Tan and Thian
to pay the Company’s creditors and enable the Company to tide over its
financial difficulties.

46 Between May and June 2001, the terms for the purchase of the 3 million
shares were set out in the Share Transfer Agreement dated 29 May 2001 (“the
Share Transfer Agreement”) prepared by the defendants. In June 2001, the
defendants prepared a Supplemental Agreement which was signed by all the
parties. Under the Supplemental Agreement, Tan and Thian agreed to buy back
1.5 million shares of the Company from the deceased no later than 30 June 2002
and repay the monies that had been advanced to them.

_The defendants’ breach of obligations_

47 By April 2002, Tan and Thian had breached their obligations under both the
Share Transfer Agreement and the Supplemental Agreement. However, the deceased
passed away on 6 April 2002 before any legal proceedings were commenced. In
August 2002, unknown to the plaintiffs, Tan transferred all her 25% interest
and title in a property at 2 Clementi Crescent to her relatives.

48 On 7 August 2003, letters of administration were granted to the estate of
the deceased and the plaintiffs were appointed as the joint administrices.
Later, on 12 September 2003, the plaintiffs and Tan and Thian entered into a
further agreement (“The Agreement of Settlement”) whereby Tan and Thian
acknowledged that they owed the deceased’s estate the sum of $3.5m and a
further sum of $316,656.05 and promised to repay these monies by a schedule of
instalments.

_Commencement of legal proceedings_

49 On 23 March 2004, Suit 232 of 2004 (“Suit 232”) was commenced after Tan and
Thian again defaulted in the instalment payments under the Agreement of
Settlement. After filing an application for summary judgment under O 14 of the
Rules, the defendants proceeded to enter into negotiations with the lawyers
representing Tan and Thian. On 16 May 2004, unknown to the plaintiffs, Tan had
transferred 1.5m of her shares in the Company to her relatives, Tan Jin Sin
(“TJS”) and Lim Lee Chin (“LLC”), who are both directors in the Company.

50 On 9 July 2004, the defendants, on behalf of the plaintiffs, entered into
an agreement with the lawyers for Tan and Thian to allow the latter a further
period to make payment by a revised schedule of instalment payments. This
agreement was embodied in a Tomlin Order.

51 On 20 October 2004, judgment was entered against Tan and Thian in Suit 232
when they defaulted in making the instalment payments due under the Tomlin
Order. In October and November 2004, execution proceedings were commenced to,
_inter alia_ , seize the balance 8.5m shares in the Company registered in the
names of Tan and Thian by way of Writ of Seizure Nos 58 and 61 of 2004 (“the
execution proceedings”).

52 On 15 April 2004, the defendants commenced Suit 249 of 2005 (“Suit 249”)
against Tan, Thian, Trios Corporation (S) Pte Ltd (“Trios”) together with the
directors of Trios for conspiracy. On 23 September 2005, bankruptcy orders
were made against Tan and Thian. On 26 September 2005, on the defendants’
advice, the plaintiffs entered into a Settlement Agreement with all the
defendants in Suit 249 in respect of the action.

_Negligence action against the defendants_

53 As it eventually turned out, the plaintiffs failed to recover substantially
the monies owing to them by Tan and Thian and they commenced the present
action against the defendants, alleging that they had been negligent in their
conduct of the aforementioned matters.

54 Before I turn to consider whether the judgments entered in default of the
second defendant’s appearance, I should first consider the applicable law.

**_The law on setting aside judgments entered in default of appearance_**

_Preliminary observations and the second defendant’s argument_

55 Assuming that the order for substituted service in the present action is
valid, it must follow, as conceded by the second defendant, that the
interlocutory judgment and final judgment entered in default of appearance
must be a regular judgment. In this regard, O 13 r 8 of the Rules provides
that the court may, on such terms as it thinks just, set aside or vary any
judgment entered in default of appearance to writ. As the learned authors of
_Singapore Civil Procedure 2007_ (Sweet & Maxwell Asia, 2007) point out at
121, the leading local case for the law on O 13 r 8 is _Abdul Gaffer v Chua
Kwang Yong_ [1995] 1 SLR 484 (“ _Abdul Gaffer_ ”), a decision of the Court of
Appeal. The Court of Appeal had in _Abdul Gaffer_ laid down the relevant
principles for the exercise of the court’s discretion under O 13 r 8. As the
material passages are not long, and are regarded to be of utmost important in
local jurisprudence, I hereby set out them out:

We now turn to consider the principles _upon which the court should exercise
its discretion under O 13 r 8_. They are:

(i) it is not sufficient to show merely an arguable defence that would justify
leave to defend under O 14; it must both have a real prospect of success and
carry some degree of conviction; and

(ii) if proceedings are deliberately ignored, this conduct, although not
amounting to an estoppel at law, must be considered ‘in justice’ before
exercising the court’s discretion to set aside the default judgment. (see _The
Saudi Eagle; Alpine Bulk Transport Co Inc v Saudi Eagle Shippimg Co Inc_).

[emphasis added]

I need only to mention that _Abdul Gaffer_ has been followed very recently by
the High Court in _Canberra Development Pte Ltd v Mercurine Pte Ltd_ [2007]
SGHC 185 (“ _Canberra Development_ ”). In fact, the High Court in _Canberra
Development_ pointed out (at [24]) that the position is not in doubt in the
case of a regular judgment and in further elaboration of the test in _Abdul
Gaffer_ , stated that:

To persuade a judge to set aside a regular judgment it is insufficient for the
defendant to put forward an arguable defence that would justify leave to
defend under O 14.

56 I respectfully agree with the High Court in _Canberra Development_ ,
adopting _Abdul Gaffer_ as the authority which cannot be departed from, that
the position is not in doubt. However, before me, the second defendant
advanced an interesting legal argument in relation to O 13 r 8 which
indirectly challenged _Abdul Gaffer_ , and which I consider necessary of
further analysis.

57 Citing _Singapore Civil Procedure 2007_ , it was urged upon me that quite
apart from the high authority of _Abdul Gaffer_ (which purports to lay down
the principles which a court _should_ apply when exercising its discretion
under O 13 r 8), there are actually two classes of cases, the latter of which
the test in _Abdul Gaffer_ does _not_ apply. It was said that where (a) each
party’s case would carry conviction if it stood alone; (b) the issue of
liability will turn entirely on the assessment of the facts at trial; and (c)
the court is not able to say which will succeed, it is quite impossible to be
dogmatic about the extent to which the court must be satisfied of the validity
of the suggested defence, citing _Allen v Taylor_ [1992] PIQR 255 at 259.
_Allen v Taylor_ , as far as I am aware, has never been applied by a Singapore
court before. In fact, _Singapore Civil Procedure 2007_ does not cite a single
Singapore case which supports the proposition of a second class of cases to
which _Abdul Gaffer_ does _not_ apply.

58 Additionally, it was also suggested that if the defendant did not
deliberately ignore proceedings in the context of an application under O 13 r
8, the court will not scrutinise the defence as strictly as the test put forth
in _Abdul Gaffer_. This is said to mitigate the rather harsh effect of a
strict compliance with _Abdul Gaffer_. Indeed, as pointed out by Daniel Chia
in “Setting aside a regular default judgment: What is a good defence on the
merits – real prospect of success or arguable, triable issue?” (1996) 17 Sing
LR 221 (“Setting aside a regular default judgment”) (at 241), the present test
adopted by the Singapore courts in deciding whether to set aside a judgment
entered in default of appearance “tilts the balance too far in favour of the
plaintiff and exorbitantly distorts the object of civil procedure”.
Accordingly, it was submitted by the second defendant that the full rigour of
the _Abdul Gaffer_ test did not apply in such cases, notwithstanding the fact
that (and this was not argued) there is no local case supporting these
propositions.

59 Strict adherents to the doctrine of _stare decisis_ will highlight at this
juncture that _Abdul Gaffer_ propounded a test which a court _should_ exercise
its discretion under O 13 r 8 (see [55] above); as such, there can be no
distinction between two classes of cases since the Court of Appeal made no
distinction between any class of cases. While I am fully aware that I am bound
by higher authority, I am equally of the view that where such higher authority
is not entirely clear, or has been qualified indirectly by another authority
of equal standing in recent times, the lower court should not be precluded
solely by the matter of precedence from re-examining the case law and
determining whether there is scope for further clarification of the law in
order to do justice as a matter of fairness and principle.

_The basis for discretion to set aside judgments entered in default of
appearance_

60 An appropriate avenue from which to start this examination is the
underlying basis for the discretion under O 13 r 8 itself. The principle
underlying the discretionary power of the court to set aside a judgment
entered in default of appearance has been said to be that unless and until the
court has pronounced a judgment upon the merits or by consent, it is to have
the power to revoke the expression of its coercive power where that has been
only been obtained by a failure to follow any of the rules of procedure: _per_
Lord Atkin in _Evans v Bartlam_ [1937] AC 473 at 480. This has been endorsed
by the High Court in _Hsing Mei Construction Pte Ltd v Lim Check Meng_ [2000]
SGHC 75 and also by the Court of Appeal in the recent case of _Su Sh-Hsyu v
Wee Yue Chew_ [2007] 3 SLR 673 (“ _Su Sh-Hsyu_ ”) (at [42]). Indeed, V K Rajah
JA, who delivered the judgment of the court, went on to declare (at [43])
that:

In an application to set aside this type of default judgment, the question of
whether there is a defence on the merits is the dominant feature to be weighed
against the applicant’s explanation both for the default and for any delay, as
well as against prejudice to the other party: _Shocked_ ([41] _supra_) at 379
citing _Evans v Bartlam_ , _Vann v Awford_ (1986) 130 SJ 682 and _The Saudi
Eagle_ [1986] 2 Lloyd’s Rep 221. This position has been adopted locally: see
_Hong Leong Finance Ltd v_ _Tay Keow Neo_ [1992] 1 SLR 205.

61 Somewhat curiously, this very fundamental rationale underlying the
discretion in O 13 r 8 was not cited by the Court of Appeal in the hitertho
leading local case of _Abdul Gaffer_. While the Court of Appeal in the more
recent case of _Su Sh-Hsyu_ constrained itself to passing only “brief
comments” on the law relating to the setting aside of default judgments under
O 13 r 8, I think that its elevation of the rationale underlying O 13 r 8 as
stated in _Evans v Bartlam_ lends welcome assistance to the question of
whether there exists a second class of cases involving regular judgments under
O 13 r 8 wherein the courts will not adopt the strict _Abdul Gaffer_ approach
in full.

62 It is perhaps trite to state that every law exists for a purpose and where
the rule becomes divorced from its purpose of even becomes antithetical to its
prior purpose, then it ought to be reviewed. That is why the Court of Appeal’s
formal statement of the purpose for the discretion under O 13 r 8 is important
in the discussion to follow. In order to set the context of the discussion in
its proper light, I should first set out the prior position before _Abdul
Gaffer_ , and the _Abdul Gaffer_ test itself. Before doing so, I should
acknowledge the considerable assistance I derived from the excellently written
article by Daniel Chia, _viz_ , “Setting aside a regular default judgment”.

_The previous test: arguable or triable issue_

63 It has been said that the old test found expression in the House of Lords
decision of _Evans v Bartlam_. In that case, Evans owed Bartlam a sum of
money. Bartlam sued Evans, but Evans failed to enter an appearance. Bartlam
therefore obtained judgment in default. Thereafter, Evans asked for time to
pay, and Bartlam gave him a further seven days. However, before those seven
days expired, Evans applied to court to set aside the default judgment. The
English Court of Appeal dismissed the application, holding on the first ground
that the judge below was precluded from exercising his discretion to set aside
the judgment by the fact that with knowledge of the judgment Evans had applied
for the matter to stand over for him to see if he could arrange to pay and
Bartlam had consented to let it stand over for seven days. Alternatively, it
was held that Evans had approbated the default judgment and therefore was
obliged to submit to it. The House of Lords disagreed with the English Court
of Appeal. In holding first that the English Court of Appeal’s reasons for
declining to exercise its discretion to set aside the default judgment are
erroneous, the House of Lords then went on to state the principles by which
the courts have laid down for themselves to guide in the exercise of the
discretion. In this respect, Lord Atkin said (at 480):

The discretion is in terms unconditional. The Courts, however, have laid down
for themselves rules to guide them in the normal exercise of their discretion.
_One is that where the judgment was obtained regularly there must be an
affidavit of merits, meaning that the applicant must produce to the Court
evidence that he has a_ prima facie _defence_. [emphasis added]

Further down in his speech, the learned law lord further opined thus:

But in any case in my opinion the Court does not, and I doubt whether it can,
lay down rigid rules which deprive it of jurisdiction. _Even the first rule as
to affidavit of merits could, in no doubt rare but appropriate cases, be
departed from_. [emphasis added]

It was in this context that the famous words alluding to the underlying basis
for the discretion under O 13 r 8 of the Rules were uttered (see [60] above).

64 Lord Wright seemed to have shared Lord Atkin’s view in the same case when
he said that the primary consideration is whether the defendant “has merits to
which the court should pay heed” (at 489). Lord Russell of Killowen considered
the matter in some detail as follows (at 482):

The contention [advanced by counsel for Bartlam] no doubt contains this
element of truth, that from the nature of the case no judge could, in
exercising the discretion conferred on him by the rule, fail to consider both
(_a_) whether any useful purpose could be served by setting aside the
judgment, and obviously no useful purpose would be served if there were no
possible defence to the action, and (_b_) how it came about that the applicant
found himself bound by a judgment regularly obtained, to which he could have
set up some serious defence. _But to say that these two matters must
necessarily enter into the judge’s consideration is quite a different thing
from asserting that their proof is a condition precedent to the existence or
exercise of the discretionary power to set aside a judgment signed in default
of appearance_. [emphasis added]

Although Lord Russell seemed to allude to a stricter test than one requiring
merely an arguable or triable issue when he used the expression “serious
defence”, I doubt very much that he had intended his words to have such an
effect. Indeed, the learned law lord had explained his earlier statement that
there must be a useful purpose to be served by setting aside the judgment by
stating that there would be such a purpose when there was a _possible_ defence
to the action. I do not think that the expression “serious defence” was
intended to qualify the earlier reference to “possible defence” as Lord
Russell then goes on to state that, in any event, the discretion to set aside
a judgment in default of appearance need not be preconditioned on the proof of
these matters which must necessarily enter into the judge’s consideration. In
other words, the exercise of the discretion is not dependent on the
satisfaction of certain conditions, although these conditions may feature in
the consideration whether to exercise the discretion.

65 The “arguable or triable issue” test was subsequently followed in later
decisions. Lord Denning in _Burns v Kondel_ [1971] 1 Lloyd’s Rep 554 held (at
555) that the defendant does not have to show a good defence on the merits.
Instead, he needs only show a defence which discloses an arguable or triable
issue. Chao Hick Tin J expressed the same view in _Singapore Gems v The
Personal Representatives for Akber Ali, deceased_ [1992] 2 SLR 254 (“
_Singapore Gems_ ”), in which he held that the defence need only disclose “an
arguable or triable” issue (at 259).

_The present test: a real prospect of success_

66 The test in _Evans v Bartlam_ was explained and ultimately (at least
locally) superseded by the decision of the English Court of Appeal in _Alpine
Bulk Transport v Saudi Eagle Shipping_ [1986] 2 Lloyd’s Rep 221 (“ _The Saudi
Eagle_ ”). In this case, the plaintiff chartered the _Saudi Eagle_ from the
defendant shipowners, but the liner booking note stated that the vessel was
the _Saudi Ambassador_. The booking note was made subject to the Conlinebill
terms and provided that the contract was between the “Merchant and the Owner
of the vessel” and, further, that the shipowner shall be liable for any damage
or loss due to any breach or non-performance of any obligation. The defendant
refused to load the cargo and the plaintiff claimed damages. No notice of
intention to defend was given by the defendant. The plaintiff signed
interlocutory judgment in default and their damages were later assessed. The
defendant, having at one stage deliberately decided not to defend the
proceedings because it had no assets, recalled that security had been put up
by them, and accordingly applied for leave to set aside the judgment and for
leave to defend on the ground that the plaintiff had sued the wrong defendant.
The defendant appealed against the lower court’s decision not to set aside the
judgment.

67 Sir Roger Ormrod, delivering the judgment of the English Court of Appeal,
helpfully summarised the law (at 223):

The following “general indications to help the Court in exercising the
discretion” … can be extracted from the speeches in _Evans v Bartlam_ ...
bearing in mind that “in matters of discretion no one case can be authority
for another…”

(i) a judgment signed in default is a regular judgment from which, subject to
(ii) below, the plaintiff derives rights of property;

(ii) the Rules of Court give to the Judge a discretionary power to set aside
the default judgment which is in terms “unconditional” and the Court should
not “lay down rigid rules which deprive it of jurisdiction”;

(iii) the purpose of this discretionary power is to avoid the injustice which
might be caused if judgment followed automatically on default;

(iv) the primary consideration is whether the defendant “has merits to which
the Court should pay heed,” not as a rule of law but as a matter of common
sense, since there is no point in setting aside a judgment if the defendant
has no defence and if he has shown the “merits” the ... Court will not, _prima
facie_ , desire to let a judgment pass on, which there has been no proper
adjudication;

(v) again as a matter of common sense, though not making it a condition
precedent, the Court will take into account the explanation as to how it came
about that the defendant … found himself bound by a judgment regularly
obtained to which he could have set up some serious defence.

68 He then considered the nature of the case required of the defendant to set
aside a regular default judgment (at 223):

[What does the expression] “primary consideration” really mean ... [i]n the
course of his argument, [counsel] used the phrase “an arguable case” and it,
or an equivalent, occurs in some of the reported cases. ... This phrase is
commonly used in relation to RSC O 14, to indicate the standard to be met by a
defendant who is seeking leave to defend [an application by the plaintiff for
summary judgment].

He continued (at 223):

If [“arguable case”] is used in the same sense in relation to setting aside a
default judgment, it does not accord ... with the standard indicated by each
of their Lordships in _Evans v Bartlam_. All of them clearly contemplated that
a defendant who is asking the Court to exercise its discretion in his favour
should show that he has _a defence which has a real prospect of success_ …
[emphasis added]

Further, it was said that (at 223):

… [I]t would be surprising if the standard required for obtaining leave to
defend (which has only to displace the plaintiff’s assertion that there is no
defence) were the same as that required to displace a regular judgment of the
Court and with it the rights acquired by the plaintiff. … _[T]herefore, to
arrive at a reasoned assessment of the justice of the case the Court must form
a provisional view of the probable outcome if the judgment were to be set
aside and the defence developed_. The “arguable” defence must carry some
degree of conviction. [emphasis added]

69 The English Court of Appeal therefore found that it is not enough for the
defendant to show a mere “arguable” defence. While such a defence suffices to
justify leave to defend summary judgment under Order 14, it is not enough to
set aside a regular default judgment. A default judgment which has been
regularly entered can only be set aside if the defendant can show, on his
affidavit of merits, that his “arguable” defence has a real prospect of
success and carries some degree of conviction. In other words, the court must
be able to predict the outcome of the case on the basis of the evidence it has
on the application to set aside the default judgment; if it is unable to do so
and yet it is unable to say with certainty whether the defendant will fail, it
will have to refuse relief. On the facts, the it was found that “the evidence
falls short of proof that _Saudi Eagle_ was on time charter ... [so that the
Court did] not think that the defendants [had] shown that they have a defence
which has any reasonable prospect of success”.

The Saudi Eagle _accepted and applied in Singapore_

70 This new test was followed in Singapore by MPH Rubin JC in _Hong Leong
Finance Ltd v Tay Keow Neo & Anor_ [1992] 1 SLR 205 (“ _Hong Leong Finance
Ltd_ ”), a case referred to by the Court of Appeal in the recent case of _Su
Sh-Hsyu_. In _Hong Leong Finance Ltd_ , the defendants were directors of a
defunct company. They executed a guarantee in favour of the plaintiff finance
company which had extended credit facilities to them. The assistant registrar
dismissed their application to set aside judgment entered against them in
default of appearance. The defendants appealed to the High Court, alleging
_inter alia_ that they had acted under undue influence and were unaware of the
nature of the document they had assigned. Their appeal was dismissed because
Rubin JC found that their claims were “sham and had very little substance” (at
[60]), so that the defendants clearly failed the standard required of them,
which was that of “a defence which had [a] reasonable prospect of success” (at
[61]). The learned judge stated that (at [61]):

It is my view that the defendants have not shown that they have a defence
_which had any reasonable prospect of success on the grounds stated and the
evidence placed before me_. Above all, the conduct of the defendants in
ignoring the service of process when they allowed the judgment to be entered
in default, further fortifies my view that their conduct was deliberate and
that they came in to dispute the issues only when they found they were going
to be made bankrupts. The defences raised were by not any means meritorious
and the defendants had deliberately allowed the plaintiff’s claims to go by
default. [emphasis added]

71 Although Rubin JC referred to both _Evans v Bartlam_ and _The Saudi Eagle_
, he had apparently accepted that _The Saudi Eagle_ correctly interpreted
_Evans v Bartlam_ as requiring a higher standard than the “arguable or triable
issue” test. However, as Daniel Chia in “Setting aside a regular default
judgment” notes at 227, it was (with respect) unfortunate that no further
explanation was furnished as to the court’s views on the _possible_
differences between the two standards especially since the facts of _Hong
Leong Finance Ltd_ were such that the defendants would have failed both the
“reasonable prospect of success” test and the lower “arguable or triable
issue” standard. _The Saudi Eagle_ was simply applied without question. This
is since Rubin JC had found that the defendants’ claims were “sham”, a
standard which does not pass muster for unconditional leave to defend under O
14. The apparent confusion in the local position was further heightened when,
barely a year later, the High Court decided in _Singapore Gems_ that the for
the purpose of setting aside a default judgment, the defence on the merits
which the defendant was required to show need only disclose an “arguable or
triable issue”.

72 Of course, _Abdul Gaffer_ was then decided by the Court of Appeal a few
years later and by its adoption of _The Saudi Eagle_ (again without any
detailed explanation), the position in Singapore was and has been regarded as
settled. Indeed, as I have mentioned earlier, the High Court in _Canberra
Development_ very recently reaffirmed that the position in Singapore as not
being in doubt.

The Saudi Eagle _doubted and qualified elsewhere_

73 However, while the position in Singapore is generally regarded as being
settled, the same cannot be said about that in England. Indeed, part of the
reason for this may be that arguments relating to the correctness of _The
Saudi Eagle_ (as accepted in _Abdul Gaffer_) have not been as readily advanced
for the courts’ consideration. This could also be why the purported existence
of a second class of cases in _Singapore Civil Procedure 2007_ is based
entirely on English authorities which may not stand up to scrutiny when
considered against the backdrop of _Abdul Gaffer_ , which seemingly lays down
a mandatory set of guidelines to be applied in conjunction with the discretion
under O 13 r 8 (see also [55] above). Coming back to the issue at hand, it is
without question that _The Saudi Eagle_ , despite its relatively calm
acceptance into Singapore law, has faced much tougher currents in other
jurisdictions.

(1) England

74 As Prof Jeffrey Pinsler SC notes in his seminal work, _Singapore Court
Practice 2006_ (LexisNexis, 2006) at 195, it is interesting that Hobhouse J in
_The Ruben Martinez Villena_ [1987] 2 Lloyd’s Rep 621 (a case which has not
been considered by the Singapore courts) doubted the purported effect of _The
Saudi Eagle_. Hobhouse J reiterated what he thought was the rationale and true
meaning of the decision in _Evans v Bartlam_ thus (at 623):

So the ratio of Lord Wright is that it is a matter of discretion which depends
on the circumstances of the case, but the test that he held should be
satisfied in that case was “he clearly shows an issue which the court should
try”, and similar language is used by Lord Atkin: “He must show on the
evidence that he has a _prima facie_ defence” and the spirit of the judgment
of Lord Russell is to the same effect. _The logic of the decision is, as I
have said, that there is no purpose in setting aside a judgment if there is
not going to be something to be gained by having a trial, so that the
defendant must show a real prospect that, if the matter goes to trial, there
will be some different decision_. One way that that can be expressed is if the
defendant can show that he has a “good arguable defence” or, if one prefers
it, “an arguable defence”, although I think “a good arguable defence” is
nearer the right terminology. Similarly, it can be said: “a defence which has
a real prospect of success”. Those phrases are the phrases which were relied
upon before me by the plaintiffs in resisting this application and I think
they are legitimate phrases to use. In other cases the simple phrase “arguable
defence” has been used, and that may be more appropriate in certain situations
because, as is clear, all these cases depend upon their own circumstances; in
another situation it has been said, to quote Lord Denning in _Burns v. Kondel_
, he need only show a defence which discloses an arguable or triable issue.
_Those are very similar criteria and the emphasis may just arise from the
difference that is presented by the facts in each case_. [emphasis added]

75 A little further down in his judgment, Hobhouse J, commenting on the effect
of _The Saudi Eagle_ , continues and concludes that _The Saudi Eagle_ was
never meant to create a new and more onerous standard than the one in _Evans v
Bartlam_ (at 625):

But, in the course of his judgment, Sir Roger Ormrod did refer to various
other criteria that might be applied. Most of what he says is consistent with
what I have said. He refers to “a good prospect” of success or in other places
“an arguable defence”, but at one place he does say something that is
inconsistent. He says:

Indeed, it would be surprising if the standard required for obtaining leave to
defend, which is only to displace the plaintiff's assertion that there is no
defence, were the same as that required to displace a regular judgment of the
Court and with it the rights acquired by the plaintiff. In our opinion,
therefore, to arrive at a reasoned assessment of the justice of the case the
Court must form a provisional view of the probable outcome if the judgment
were to be set aside and the defence developed. The arguable defence must
carry some degree of conviction.

_If in that passage he is intending to say that the Court must do its best to
predict the outcome of the action if the judgment is set aside, and should
only set aside a judgment if it is satisfied that the outcome of the action
will, on a better than 50-50 chance, be a judgment in favour of the
defendants, then I consider that statement goes beyond the law as it has been
laid down in the authorities_. As it is an _obiter dictum_ it is not binding
on me and I am under no obligation to follow it; _but I doubt whether Sir
Roger Ormrod was intending to say that_. He was presented with a case in which
the suggested defences involved just simple questions of law; they were
questions of construction; he considered that they were unarguable and,
therefore, there was no reason for setting aside the judgment.

[emphasis added]

76 As Daniel Chia notes in “Setting aside a regular default judgment” at 240,
Hobhouse J was probably suggesting that, on the facts of _The Saudi Eagle_ ,
the defendant would have failed to establish any defence on the merits whether
the “arguable or triable issue” test or the “real prospect of success” test
was applied. Hobhouse J therefore concluded that Sir Roger Ormrod could not
have intended to create a new and higher standard to be followed. Indeed, the
varying expressions used, be it “real prospect of success” or “arguable
defence”, are just different ways of expressing the same standard, since
difference phrases were appropriate in different circumstances. Dealing with
the rather explicit view of Sir Roger Omrod that the standard was not the same
as that applied in O 14 applications, Hobhouse J simply said that this was not
supported by existing authority.

77 In _Allen v Taylor_ , Dillon LJ, delivering the judgment of the English
Court of Appeal, stated similarly thus (at 259):

It is quite impossible to be dogmatic about the extent to which the court must
be satisfied of the validity of the suggested defence. _There must be numerous
cases where the issue will turn entirely on the assessment of the facts at
trial_ : each party’s case would carry conviction if it stood alone and
without conducting a trial the court is not able to say which will succeed.
The present is, it seems to me, one of those cases. [emphasis added]

Indeed, Prof Pinsler in _Singapore Court Practice 2006_ pertinently observes
(at 198) that this conclusion would seem to conflict with the unqualified
direction found in _The Saudi Eagle_ that “… the court must form a provisional
view of the probable outcome if the judgment were to be set aside and the
defence developed”.

78 Another case which I need to point out and that is _Day v RAC Motoring
Services_ [1999] 1 WLR 2150, wherein the English Court of Appeal held that a
court, in deciding whether to set aside a judgment in default of defence, need
not be satisfied that there was a real likelihood that the defendant would
succeed, but merely that the defendant had an arguable case which carried some
degree of conviction. An important part of the decision appears at 2157, which
I quote below:

**_This may be largely a matter of semantics and it would be better if the
differences in language in these cases could be viewed as the emphasis in a
particular case to the particular facts of that particular case_**. Perhaps
the best guidance of all is in Sir Roger Ormrod’s judgment that this is not a
rule of law but a matter of commonsense. Thus it is usually easy to identify
the case which is hopeless and say “There is _no_ real prospect of success.” I
add the emphasis to make the point that one is looking at the matter
negatively. **_The approach is distorted if one uses “real prospects of
success” as a positive test_**. That wrongly encourages a test of judging fact
on affidavit and then coming to a provisional view of the probable outcome. I
agree, however, that the arguable case must carry some degree of conviction
but judges should be very wary of trying issues of fact on evidence where the
facts are apparently credible and are to be set aside against the facts being
advanced by the other side. Choosing between them is the function of the trial
judge, not the judge on the interlocutory application, unless there is some
inherent improbability in what is being asserted or some extraneous evidence
which would contradict it. **_I would therefore be a little hesitant to
elevate the test into, as it is advanced in_ _The Supreme Court Practice,_ _“a
real likelihood that a defendant will succeed.”_** [emphasis in bold italics;
original emphasis in italics]

79 From this survey of the English decisions following _The Saudi Eagle_ ,
none of which have been considered by a Singapore court, it is clear that the
_The Saudi Eagle_ has either not been accepted as standing for a more rigorous
test, or simply qualified to the extent of non-existence, even if later cases
such as _Swain v Hillman_ [2001] 1 All ER 91 have continued to use the
expression “real prospect of success”. It seems to me that Sir Roger Ormrod’s
supposed elevation of the test in _Evans v Bartlam_ to one which requires “a
real likelihood of success” has been interpreted to be _merely another way_ of
expressing the “arguable or triable issue” test. In this sense, there has not
been a new test at all following _The Saudi Eagle_ but simply another way of
stating the old test. The can be contrasted with the views of the Singapore
courts, which have hitherto accepted that _The Saudi Eagle_ , as accepted in
_Abdul Gaffer_ , stands for a higher test than the “arguable or triable issue”
test.

(2) Malaysia

80 It remains for me to state rather briefly, with the invaluable assistance
of Prof Pinsler’s _Singapore Court Practice 2006_ (at 197), that the courts in
Malaysia have been more guarded about accepting _The Saudi Eagle_ test. For
example, in _PL Construction v Abdullah bin Said_ [1989] 1 MLJ 60, it was said
that a defence on the merits means a defence which discloses “an arguable and
triable issue”.

81 Similarly, in _Hasil Bumi Perumahan v United Malayan Banking_ [1994] 1 MLJ
312, the Supreme Court of Malaysia was of the view that the approach in _The
Saudi Eagle_ was not entirely clear, and that the test to set aside a default
judgment ought to remain the same to determine whether an application for
summary judgment should succeed (at 321):

… the guidelines in _Evans v Bartlam_ should be accepted. In our view, in
order to succeed in his application the applicant must show that he has a
defence which has some merits and which the court should try. To use common
and plain language, the applicant must show that his defence is not a sham
defence but one that is _prima facie_ , raising serious issues as a _bona
fide_ reasonable defence.

82 With the approaches of other jurisdictions in mind, I turn now to examine
the law in Singapore.

_Is there scope for the existence of a second class of cases where_ Abdul
Gaffer _does not apply with its usual rigour?_

(1) Is the existence of a second class of cases supported by authority?

83 The first question which I need to answer is whether there is a second
class of cases to which _Abdul Gaffer_ does not apply with its usual rigour. I
note first that the very premise of a second class of cases purportedly
derives its authority from _Allen v Taylor_ , as the learned authors of
_Singapore Civil Procedure 2007_ rely on at 121. However, it seems to me that
Dillon LJ was of the same view as Hobhouse J in _The Ruben Martinez Villena_
in that _The Saudi Eagle_ never purported to lay down a rigid rule of
universal application which was, _at the same time_ , of a more onerous
standard that the _Evans v Bartlam_ test. As I have mentioned, _Allen v
Taylor_ is the subject of a material passage in _Singapore Civil Procedure
2007_ (at 121) which was the subject of the submission of law before me, and
as such I think it is worthwhile to reproduce this passage in its entirety and
then discuss it in some detail:

(7) In another class of cases, where: (a) each party’s case would carry
conviction if it stood alone; (b) the issue of liability will turn entirely on
the assessment of the facts at trial; and (c) and the court is not able to say
which will succeed, it is quite impossible to be dogmatic about the extent to
which the court must be satisfied of the validity of the suggested defence:
_Allen v. Taylor_ [1992] P.I.Q.R. 255 at 259.

84 In my respectful view, this passage, which purports that _Allen v Taylor_
stood for the proposition that there exists a second class of cases wherein
_The Saudi Eagle_ applied with less rigour, is not entirely descriptive of the
decision in _Allen v Taylor_. In my view, all that Dillon LJ intended to say
was something similar with the views of Hobhouse J in _The Ruben Martinez
Villena_ , _ie_ , that that cannot be a universal standard to guide the
exercise of discretion for the setting aside of a default judgment _and_ that
_The Saudi Eagle_ was never intended to lay down a test different from the
test in _Evans v Bartlam_ (see [76] above). I do not think that both learned
English judges accepted that _The Saudi Eagle_ stood for a higher test than
that for O 14 applications. As such, I am unable to see how _Allen v Taylor_
can stand for the proposition that there is a _second_ class of cases apart
from that in _The Saudi Eagle_.

85 In any event, _even_ accepting that there is a second class of cases
propounded by Dillon LJ, I do not think that the passage in _Singapore Civil
Procedure 2007_ accurately reproduces the criteria by which to assess which
cases fell within this second class. Transposing the passage onto the relevant
paragraph in _Allen v Taylor_ (reproduced at [77] above), I think that the
_sole_ criterion applied by Dillon LJ was when “ _the issue will turn entirely
on the assessment of the facts at trial_ ”. The further exposition that “each
party’s case would carry conviction if it stood alone and without conducting a
trial the court is not able to say which will succeed” are, to my mind, but
further reasons explaining why in cases involving issues of fact, a supposedly
less rigorous standard ought to apply (as contended for in _Singapore Civil
Procedure 2007_). As such, I do not think that there are _three_ criteria
(denoted by (a), (b) and (c) in the relevant passage) in ascertaining whether
a given case fell into the so-called “second class” (if this proposition is
correct in the first place). Criteria (b) and (c) are but elaborations of
criterion (a), which must stand on its own. Accordingly, I think that if at
all there is a second class of cases where _The Saudi Eagle_ applies with less
rigour, this is where there is a triable issue of fact which, as will be seen,
is supportable by recourse to the underlying basis of O 13 r 8.

86 However, this is not to say that there cannot be a second class of cases in
Singapore, save that its authority cannot be supported by the passage in
_Singapore Civil Procedure 2007_. It is important to note that in Singapore,
unlike in England, there is one decision (_Abdul Gaffer_) which has been
unquestionably accepted as correct by the lower courts thus far. This means
that there is at least acceptance of one class of cases from which deviations
may be thought to be authority for a second class of cases.

(2) The High Court’s decisions lend support to second class of cases

(A)  AWYONG SHI PENG V LIM SIU LAY _[2007] 2 SLR 225 (“_AWYONG SHI PENG _”)_

87 Preliminary support for the view that there exists a second class of cases
can be derived from a recent High Court decision. In _Awyong Shi Peng_ , the
respondent-plaintiff had entered judgment against the appellant-defendant in
default of defence and the appellant filed an application to set aside the
default judgment on the ground that he had applied to strike out the
respondent’s action and thought that by reason of that, the defence need not
be filed in the meantime. The High Court, in dismissing the appeal from the
lower court’s decision to set aside the default judgment, held, with respect
to the exercise of discretion to set aside a default judgment under O 19 r 9,
as follows (at [8]):

The discretionary power of the court to set aside a default judgment that has
been entered into regularly, as was the case here, is unconditional. The
overriding principle in the exercise of the court’s discretionary power is to
avoid the injustice which may result if judgment follows automatically on
default. In exercising its discretion to set aside the judgment, the court
would look at whether the defendant had established a defence with a real
prospect of success and which carried some degree of conviction (applying
_Alpine Bulk Transport Co Inc v Saudi Eagle Shipping Co Inc_ [1986] 2 Lloyd’s
Rep 221 (“ _The Saudi Eagle_ ”); followed in _Abdul Gaffer v Chua Kwang Yong_
[1995] 1 SLR 484 (“ _Abdul Gaffer_ ”)). However, where the defendant did not
deliberately ignore the proceedings, the merits of the defence may not be
scrutinised as strictly as propounded in _The Saudi Eagle_ (see _Singapore
Civil Procedure 2003_ (Sweet & Maxwell Asia, 2003) at para 13/8/3).

Applying this to the facts of that case, the High Court held that it was
evident from the affidavit of the appellant that he did not deliberately
ignore the proceedings. Accordingly, applying a lesser test than the one in
_The Saudi Eagle_ , it was held that (at [9]):

At present, the merits of the case appear to be evenly balanced. _It was not
readily apparent from the affidavits filed which of the two parties was
generally more truthful and reliable in respect of their claims. It was
undeniable from the affidavits that there was substantial dispute of fact
between the parties_. While it was evident that there might be fraud involved,
it is not clear which party was the perpetrator of the fraud. It seemed to me
that the appellant _may have a defence_ but that is not a matter for me to
decide conclusively on at this juncture. It would be fair, therefore, that the
appellant be given the opportunity to present his side of the story to the
trial judge. [emphasis added]

88 It will be observed that the High Court did not, as required by _Abdul
Gaffer_ , come to a view as to whether there was a _real prospect of success_
; it merely decided that there _may_ be a defence. The court was clearly not
able to tell which of the affidavits was more truthful; if so, it would not
have been able to come to a provisional view as to which side was more likely
to win, as required by _The Saudi Eagle_. This clearly is a departure from
_Abdul Gaffer_ , albeit with respect to O 19 r 9, not O 13 r 8.

89 I acknowledge that the High Court in _Awyong Shi Peng_ was not bound
directly by _Abdul Gaffer_ as the latter case only purported to lay down the
binding law with respect to O 13 r 8. _Awyong Shi Peng_ was a decision on the
exercise of the discretion under O 19 r 9. Yet, I fail to see why there should
be a difference in principle across both Orders of the Rules. Indeed, both
Orders concern the setting aside of a default judgment differ only in how the
judgment came about: O 13 r 8 being concerned with a judgment arising from
default of appearance to writ, and O 19 r 9 being concerned with a judgment
arising from default of appearance to defence. This does not alter the fact
that, in both cases, the court is concerned with setting aside a judgment
_obtained not on the merits but because of some non-adherence to some
procedural rule_. Indeed, in _TR Networks Ltd and Others v Elixir Health
Holdings Pte Ltd and Others_ [2005] SGHC 106 (“ _TR Networks Ltd_ ”), the High
Court held (at [32]) that O 19 r 9 “were on the same terms” as O 13 r 8 and
seemingly applied _The Saudi Eagle_ test to O 19 r 9 in that case. Quite apart
from the divergent High Court authorities with respect to O 19 r 9, _TR
Networks Ltd_ at least shows that, in principle, the same approach should
apply for both O 13 r 8 and O 19 r 9. On that premise, therefore, _Awyong Shi
Peng_ is minimally preliminary support for the view that, despite the leading
authority of _Abdul Gaffer_ , there may exist a second class of cases in which
the full rigour of _Abdul Gaffer_ does not apply.

(B) OTHER CASES

90 From an examination of the other High Court cases which have cited and
applied _Abdul Gaffer_ , I find that there may be some truth to the
proposition that there is a second class of cases in which _Abdul Gaffer_ does
not apply fully, and that this class concerns questions of fact which the
court is unable to say for certain whether is true at the interlocutory stage.

91 There are several reported decisions concerning questions of fact. For the
cases where the High Court set aside the default judgment, the allegations of
fact were found to be utterly and completely insupportable on the evidence
before the court. Thus, in _Loh Poh Lai (trading as Edmund Dawn Marine
Engineering) v Wei Sheng Marine Services Pte Ltd_ [1997] 2 SLR 154, the High
Court, while deciding that the test was that as stated in _Abdul Gaffer_ ,
nonetheless was able to decide that there was no real prospect of success as
the defendant’s allegation of the non-existence of the contract which he was
now sued on was found to be unsupportable by the evidence before the court.
Similarly, in _Spandeck Engineering (S) Pte Ltd v Yong Qiang Construction_
[1999] 4 SLR 447, the High Court found that the defence did not have a real
prospect of success and did not carry some degree of conviction as, once
again, the defendant’s allegations of fact were unsupportable by the evidence.
In _Zulkifli Baharudin v Koh Lam Son_ [2000] 2 SLR 233, which was a defamation
action, the High Court declined to set aside the default judgment as the
defence did not challenge the facts as alleged by the plaintiff but that, as a
matter of law, the words were clearly defamatory. Finally, in _Australian
Timber Products Pte Ltd v Koh Brothers Building & Civil Engineering Contractor
(Pte) Ltd_ [2005] 1 SLR 168, the High Court once again endorsed the _Abdul
Gaffer_ test and decided not to set aside the default judgment as the
defendant failed to show that there was any substance to its suggested defence
that the plaintiff’s works were incomplete and defective. This I take it to
mean that the allegations of fact by the defence were unsupported by the
evidence.

92 On the other hand, where there was a genuine dispute on the facts, the High
Court has decided to set aside the default judgment even though on a strict
reading of _Abdul Gaffer_ , it would not be able to come to a provisional view
as to the likely outcome of the trial since the allegations of fact before it
were open to differing interpretations. Thus in _M-Power Development Pte Ltd v
Goodway Agencies (Shipping) Pte Ltd_ [2003] SGHC 180 (“ _M-Power Development_
”), where the issue was whether the plaintiff had sued the right party,namely
the party who issued the bill of lading, the High Court upheld the lower
court’s decision to set aside the default judgment. It appears from the
judgment that the defence had asserted that the defendants were merely the
agents of the true party who issued the bill of lading whereas the plaintiff
alleged that there is no evidence of such agency. As such, there was a
question of fact which could not be resolved by the court at the interlocutory
stage. Despite this, applying the _Abdul Gaffer_ test, the court was able to
state that the defence had a real prospect of succeeding since the identity of
the party who issued the bill of lading was one best considered at trial (at
[15]).

93 Finally, in cases involving questions of law, the courts appear more ready
to come to the conclusion that there is a real prospect of success. In _Cosmic
Insurance Corp Ltd v Ong Kah Hoe (trading as Ong Industrial Supplies)_ [1996]
2 SLR 356, the High Court decided that the appropriate test was a “real
prospect of success” and set aside the default judgment as the issue concerned
a question of law.

94 From the above examination of the case law, I come to the conclusion that,
in so far as questions of fact are concerned, the High Court has in reported
decisions declined to set aside the default judgment only where the facts
alleged by the defence are clearly unsupportable. On the other hand, where
there is some dispute as to the allegations of fact but where it cannot be
sure for certain which side is correct, the High Court has set aside the
default judgment for the full merits of the case to be considered at trial:
see, for example, _M-Power Development_. This, to my mind, means one of two
things: first, there is a “real prospect of success” when there is a triable
issue as to fact (as in _M-Power Development_) _or_ second, there is a second
class of cases where _Abdul Gaffer_ does not apply with its full rigour, and
this is where the case concerns disputes of fact. The former cannot be right
as the Court of Appeal has in _Abdul Gaffer_ stated that the test in O 13 r 8
is not the same as that for O 14. As such, I am of the view that upon the
examination of the case law, coupled with the recent High Court decision of
_Awyong Shi Peng_ , there does exist a second class of cases in which _Abdul
Gaffer_ does not apply with its full rigour, and this will be when the issue
of liability will turn almost entirely on the assessment of facts at trial, as
stated by the English Court of Appeal in _Allen v Taylor_. I should stress
that I have not come to this conclusion based solely on the relevant passage
in _Singapore Civil Procedure 2007_ , which I respectfully think does not
represent Singapore law in so far as it purports to apply _Allen v Taylor_ in
Singapore without any Singapore precedent cited in support.

(3) Reconciling _Abdul Gaffer_ with _Su Sh-Hsyu_

95 I find that with the recent pronouncement by the Court of Appeal of the
rationale underlying O 13 r 8 in _Su Sh-Hsyu_ , my conclusion above is
fortified even further. If _Abdul Gaffer_ is applied unquestionably to every
case, including those involving disputed allegations of fact, then I can
hardly see how the wise words of Lord Atkin (see [60] above) which underlie
and underpin the exercise of discretion under O 13 r 8 can be given effect to.

96 Indeed, Prof Pinsler in _Singapore Court Practice 2006_ notes at 197 that
there are two difficulties with the approach in _The Saudi Eagle_ (as applied
in _Abdul Gaffer_):

In the first place, the higher standard requires the court to enter into an
evaluation of the evidence to determine the likely outcome of the case. _This
task may be compromised by the inconclusiveness of the affidavits, and
allegations in the pleadings which have yet to be substantiated by evidence
tested on oath_.

…

Secondly, _it may be unjust to deprive a defendant who can raise a genuinely
triable issue (as opposed to a sham defence) of his opportunity to challenge a
plaintiff’s case at trial_.

[emphasis added]

These same concerns also resonated with Lim Jian Yi in _Canberra Development
Pte Ltd v Mercurine Pte Ltd_ [2007] SGHC 107 (at [50]), although this was not
a question he had to resolve in that case.

97 Prof Pinsler’s words find especial relevance in so far as affidavits are
concerned. If the affidavits are incomplete, or the court hearing the
interlocutory application is unable to tell which is the truth, would justice
be served by the adherence to _Abdul Gaffer_ which demands that the court come
to a provisional view as to the likely success of the defence? Would Lord
Atkin’s anxious warning to the courts not to dispense with hearing the full
merits of case unless in extremely clear cases (quite apart from mere failure
to adhere to rules of procedure) be given effect to if, in cases involving
disputes of fact, the court simply declines to set aside the default judgment
on the ground that it is unable to conclude which of two affidavits is more
truthful? Ultimately, as Daniel Chia notes in “Setting aside a regular default
judgment” at 234, perhaps we would do well to heed the words of the court in
the American decision of _Jackson v Washington Monthly Co_ (1977) 569 F 2d
119:

Trial court dismissal of a lawsuit never heard on its merits is a drastic
step, normally to be taken only after unfruitful resort of lesser sanctions …
sound discretion hardly comprehends a pointless exaction of retribution.

98 Accordingly, bound by authority that _Abdul Gaffer_ is still the law, and
yet taking into account the recent case of _Su Sh-Hsyu_ of the same standing,
I conclude that a satisfactory reconciliation of the two cases, as well as
decisions of the High Court following _Abdul Gaffer_ , can only be effected by
deciding that there exists a class of cases wherein _Abdul Gaffer_ cannot
apply with its full rigour. This class of cases would be those in which the
issue of liability turns almost entirely on the assessment of facts at trial.

(4) Sound reasons to depart from _The Saudi Eagle_

99 In fact, if I were not bound by _Abdul Gaffer_ , I would very respectfully
have thought that there are good reasons to depart entirely from _The Saudi
Eagle_. First, the only reason given in _The Saudi Eagle_ for justifying a
higher test to set aside default judgments (as contrasted from O 14
applications) is that there exists a regular court judgment in the former
case. To my mind, this is a formalistic distinction. True it may be that there
is a judgment in question under O 13 r 8, but that is a judgment in name
rather than in substance; it is a judgment obtained without consideration of
the full merits of the case. The defendant has not been heard _fully_.
Likewise in an O 14 application, the plaintiff is seeking that the defendant
not be heard _fully_. _The underlying basis in both applications is the same_.
In both cases, the court is being asked to decide, as a matter of convenience
and efficacy, whether the defendant ought to be heard fully. In some cases,
the defendant making an application to set aside a default judgment would not
have deliberately sought to evade his procedural responsibilities; he simply
did not know of proceedings against him. Would the underlying rationale for
the discretion under O 13 r 8 (as propounded in _Evans v Bartlam_) be advanced
any further by the application of a higher test? Why should the same test
_not_ apply in both O 13 r 8 and O 14? Of course if the defendant had
deliberated ignored court proceedings, there could be better reason to
penalise him by subjecting him to a higher test.

100 I thus find it ironic that if the whole basis to the discretion to set
aside a default judgment is to reserve judgment on the merits of the case for
a full trial so that justice can be done substantively, this supposed
rationale is given effect by the application of test which requires the court,
in some sense, to pronounce on the substantive effect of the defence in the
absence of full arguments. In any event, as the foregoing discussion shows,
_The Saudi Eagle_ (as applied in _Abdul Gaffer_) has been the subject of
numerous qualification and disagreement in both England and Malaysia. Perhaps
the time has also come for the Court of Appeal to re-examine the issue when
the opportunity next arises, but it is not my position to say anything more in
this aspect. For my limited part, bound as I am by authority, I am constrained
to only find that the _Abdul Gaffer_ does not apply fully in the class of
cases I have elucidated above.

_Conclusion with respect to the law_

101 Ultimately, in my view, one must not be unduly bound up by the colourful
expressions used in the case law relating to O 13 r 8. Whether the expression
used is “arguable or triable issue”, “real prospect of success” or “carried
some degree of conviction”, one must not lose the proverbial woods for the
trees and lose sight of the rationale that underlies and underpins the
exercise of the discretion under O 13 r 8, and that is that the courts will be
extremely slow to allow judgment to be passed when the merits of the case have
not been conclusively argued before it. This in part flows from the time-
honoured tradition that every party to an action has a right to be heard and
indeed forms one of the very fundamental tenets of natural justice. The
importance of the House of Lords decision of _Evans v Bartlam_ is not so much
its support for the “arguable or triable issue” test but for the law lords’
clear exposition of the very premise of O 13 r 8. Now that the Court of Appeal
in _Su Sh-Hsyu_ has finally reaffirmed the underlying basis for the discretion
under O 13 r 8 and elevated it to the same authoritative standard as the
_Abdul Gaffer_ test, it necessarily falls for the lower courts to reconcile
the two. In my view, there is no conflict between the two views _if_ one were
to take the view that _Abdul Gaffer_ does not apply fully in all cases.

102 In summary, my views on the law regulating the exercise of the discretion
under O 13 r 8 are such: in order to give effect to _both_ the Court of Appeal
decisions in _Abdul Gaffer_ and _Su Sh-Hsyu_ , I accept the second defendant’s
submission before me that in cases involving liability which turns almost
entirely on the assessment of facts at trial, _Abdul Gaffer_ does not apply
with its full rigour, and the applicable test would be that if the defendant
can show an “arguable or triable issue”, the court could (not should, since O
13 r 8 ultimately encompasses a discretion) set aside the judgment obtained in
default of appearance to writ.

**_Application of the law to the present facts_**

103 I turn now to apply the law as discussed to the facts at hand.

_Whether there had been undue delay_

104 However, lest it be thought that I have not applied my mind to this issue,
let me state at the outset that I do not think that there had been undue delay
by the second defendant in applying for the default judgment to be set aside:
see, for example, _European Asian Bank v Chia Ngee Thuang & anor_ [1995] 3 SLR
171. I am satisfied that the second defendant, who only knew about the
judgments entered against him in September 2007, needed some time to review
files before he commenced the present application more than a month later.
This was not an undue delay. Indeed, I am also convinced that the second
defendant had not sought to evade the current court proceedings against him,
and as such there is no reason for me to decline not to exercise my discretion
under O 13 r 8.

_Whether liability depended on assessment of facts at trial_

105 The general allegation made by the plaintiffs is that the defendants never
rendered any opinion, advised them of the risks, or dutifully kept them
informed of the developments especially the negotiations that they had
conducted with the lawyers of Tan and Thian. It was further alleged that they
did not forward to the plaintiffs any drafts of the various agreements that
they had prepared pursuant to these negotiations or explained these documents
to them. It was further alleged that the defendants only told the plaintiffs
to sign the documents on the day itself without explaining any of the
contents. In addition, it was alleged that the defendants did not take proper
care and were not diligent in prosecuting the litigation even though they were
aware that there were other creditors with claims against Tan and Thian. It
was thus due to the defendants’ conduct that led to Tan and Thian being able
to delay the proceedings and thwart recovery of the monies due to them. These
were all deposed to by the plaintiffs in their first affidavit.

106 In my judgment, this is clearly a case where the liability of the second
defendant depended almost entirely on the assessment of facts which can only
be undertaken in a full trial. This is a case in which the plaintiffs have
alleged that the second defendant had not advised them properly, while the
second defendant has denied those allegations of fact. In fact, before me, it
was conceded for the plaintiffs that there were many triable issues of fact in
the present action. Accordingly, in view of my conclusion as to the applicable
law above, this alone would have been enough for me to set aside the
interlocutory judgment entered in default of appearance against the second
defendant, and the final judgment as well. However, for completeness, although
I should not say too much about the merits of the defence, I will nonetheless
briefly go through the various allegations made by the plaintiffs and show why
I think there is at least an arguable issue of fact and, further, a defence
which has a real prospect of success and carry some degree of conviction (to
use the words in _Abdul Gaffer_).

_Examination of allegations of negligence by the plaintiffs_

(1) DRP failed to advise the deceased on his remedies and rights under the
Share Transfer Agreement and the Supplemental Agreement

107 The first allegation of negligence as pleaded in the Statement of Claim at
[9] is that DRP failed to advise the deceased on his remedies and rights under
the Share Transfer Agreement and the Supplemental Agreement, and that no
action was taken against Tan and Thian notwithstanding their breach.

108 In my judgment, there is a good defence (even applying the elevated _Abdul
Gaffer_ test) against this claim. Apart from denying the plaintiffs’
allegations of fact in his affidavit, the second defendant has also shown that
there _is_ evidence showing that the deceased was well aware of the financial
conditions of _both_ the Company and Tan and Thian and that he wanted to
extend the loan despite having knowledge of this. This is evident from the
first plaintiff’s affidavit filed on 5 May 2004 in support of her application
for summary judgment in Suit 232. This affidavit clearly deposed that the
deceased and the second plaintiff were introduced to Tan sometime in May 2001,
when Tan wanted to sell off her property. It was then that the deceased and
the second plaintiff were informed that Tan had to sell her property urgently
as Tan was facing a suit in relation to her company (which is the Company
referred to above) and Tan needed to raise the sum of $500,000 to pay the
Company’s creditor. It was further stated by the first plaintiff in this
affidavit that on or about 23 May 2001, the deceased and her were informed
during a meeting at Tan’s solicitor’s office that Tan and Thian were facing
bankruptcy proceedings and were expected to be made bankrupts shortly. The
Share Transfer Agreement was signed on 29 May 2001. These were all knowledge
acquired by the deceased pointing to the dire financial conditions of the
Company, as well as Tan and Thian.

109 The fact that the deceased had entered into the loans with Tan and Thian
in full knowledge of their dire financial condition was further corroborated
by draft affidavits prepared by the first plaintiff in consultation with DRP,
probably in support of the application for summary judgment in Suit 232. At
[6] of this draft affidavit, which appears at the second defendant’s second
affidavit filed for the present action (“the second defendant’s second
affidavit”) at 71, it was stated that the deceased informed the first
plaintiff that he was going to invest in the Company to help Tan and Thian out
of their “legal and financial problem”. While I am fully aware that these were
merely draft affidavits, I am nonetheless convinced that the facts stated
therein further substantiated the truth of the facts already deposed to by the
first plaintiff herself in her own affidavit filed for her application for
summary judgment in Suit 232. Moreover, the second defendant has said that the
deceased in December 2001 said to him that while he was aware of Tan and
Thian’s obligations under the Share Transfer Agreement and the Supplemental
Agreement, the deceased declined to enforce them. It is clear also from [3] of
the affidavit filed by Tan and Thian to oppose the plaintiffs’ application for
summary judgment that they did execute the necessary share transfer forms in
favour of the deceased. The problem was that, apparently, Tan and Thian did
not pay the requisite stamp duties such that the share registration did not
take place. The defendants surely could not be expected to effect the
registration in such circumstances.

110 Accordingly, with respect to the plaintiffs’ first allegation of
negligence, I find that the second defendant has raised an arguable defence
and even a defence with a real prospect of success and which carried some
degree of conviction.

(2) DRP failed to advise the plaintiffs to enforce their rights under the
Share Transfer Agreement and/or Supplemental Agreement

111 The second allegation of negligence as pleaded in the Statement of Claim
at [11] relates to the failure of DRP to advise the plaintiffs to enforce
their rights under the Share Transfer Agreement and/or Supplemental Agreement.
It was said in the plaintiffs’ first affidavit that after the deceased’s
passing on 6 April 2002, the defendants did not advise the plaintiffs of their
rights under the two agreements. It was further alleged that the defendants
said that they could not take any action until the grant of the letters of
administration. In fact, even after the grant was obtained in August 2003, it
was alleged that the defendants still did not render any advice or commence
any proceedings.

112 In my judgment, the second defendant has once again raised an arguable
issue of fact. I will go as far as to say he has raised a defence with a real
prospect of success. The second defendant has said in his second affidavit
that DRP was in constant contact with the plaintiffs during the time of the
deceased’s death to the time of the grant of the letters of administration.
The documentary evidence clearly shows this be true. For example, on 20
February 2003, the second defendant sent a draft letter to the plaintiffs with
a draft letter of demand to Tan and Thian for the plaintiffs’ perusal. On 21
February 2003, an amended letter of demand was sent to the plaintiffs, once
again for their approval. This letter of demand was eventually sent to Tan and
Thian on 6 March 2003. On 16 April 2003, the second defendant wrote to the
plaintiffs advising them to “sue [Tan and Thian] for the breach of the sale
and purchase agreement and the supplemental agreement”. On 28 April 2003, the
second defendant again wrote to Tan and Thian regarding the letter of demand
which was earlier sent to them. This was again done on 9 May 2003, 4 June
2003, 17 June 2003, 11 July 2003, and 14 July 2003, as is evident from the
evidence before me. I need only to add that even after the grant of the
letters of administration was obtained, the evidence clearly showed that the
second defendant kept up with the communication with Tan and Thian. The
correspondence before me showed these to have taken place on 26 August 2003,
28 August 2003, 29 August 2003 and 10 September 2003. As such, it seems rather
surprising to me that the plaintiffs have made the allegation that the
defendants did _nothing_ from the deceased’s death to the grant of the letters
of administration (and thereafter) when the evidence very clear shows
otherwise.

113 Accordingly, with respect to the plaintiffs’ second allegation of
negligence, I find that the second defendant has raised an arguable defence
and even a defence with a real prospect of success and which carried some
degree of conviction.

(3) DRP failed to advise or properly advise the plaintiffs that there was no
need to enter into the Agreement of Settlement or their rights under this
Agreement

114 The third allegation of negligence (as pleaded at [13] of the Statement of
Claim) is that DRP failed to advise or properly advise the plaintiffs that
there was no need to enter into the Agreement of Settlement or alternatively
it failed to advise the plaintiffs of their rights under this Agreement. Once
again, I find that the second defendant has raised an arguable defence and
even a defence with a real prospect of success and which carried some degree
of conviction with respect to this allegation. The second defendant has stated
that the Agreement of Settlement was to record and update the payment
obligations of Tan and Thian. Further, the second defendant said that in order
to prevent Tan and Thian from subsequently raising a defence to any claim by
the plaintiffs, the Agreement of Settlement was necessary to make them admit
to the debt owed to the plaintiffs. In fact, if not for the Agreement of
Settlement, the plaintiffs’ application for summary judgment in Suit 232 would
have been thwarted. I therefore see no reason to deny the second defendant a
chance to fully refute the plaintiffs’ current allegation in a full trial.

(4) DRP failed to advise the plaintiffs to enforce their rights under the
Agreement of Settlement

115 The fourth allegation of negligence, as pleaded at [14] of the Statement
of Claim, is that DRP failed to advise the plaintiffs to enforce their rights
under the Agreement of Settlement. In my view, the second defendant has made
out an arguable defence and even a defence with a real prospect of success and
which carried some degree of conviction with respect to this allegation. Based
on the first plaintiff’s affidavit deposed on 5 May 2004 in Suit 232, Tan and
Thian complied with cl 4(A) of the Agreement of Settlement by paying three
instalments of $30,000 each and one instalment of $40,000. Indeed, the second
defendant also deposed in his first affidavit that the plaintiffs’
instructions were to threaten Tan and Thian with legal action but not to
commence legal action immediately upon the breach of the Agreement of
Settlement. DRP also did not sit idly by while Tan and Thian defaulted in
their payment obligations. On 1 March 2004, when Tan and Thian defaulted in
making full payment, DRP wrote to Tan and Thian’s solicitors reminding them of
their clients’ payment obligations. A total of five letters were sent between
1 March 2004 and 19 March 2004. Accordingly, I think that the second defendant
should be given a chance at a full trial to contend these allegations in
detail.

(5) DRP failed exercise due care, skill or diligence with respect to Suit 232

116 The fifth allegation of negligence as pleaded at [17] of the Statement of
Claim relates to DRP’s negligence conduct of Suit 232. One of the allegations
was that DRP entered into negotiation with Tan and Thian’s solicitors and
entered into the Tomlin Order without advising the plaintiffs. I do not think
the evidence entitles me to conclusively determine this to be the truth. After
all, the plaintiffs did initial on the Tomlin Order, a _prima facie_
indication that they were at least aware of what was happening. These are all
matters of fact which I am ill-placed to ascertain determinatively, and I
therefore think that the second defendant has made out an arguable defence or
even a defence with a real prospect of success and which carried some degree
of conviction with respect to this allegation.

(6) DRP failed to ensure that TJS and LLC fulfil their obligations under the
Shares Agreement

117 The sixth allegation of negligence (as pleaded at [31] of the Statement of
Claim) relates to the Shares Agreement and alleges that DRP failed to ensure
that TJS and LLC fulfil their obligations in the Shares Agreement. Here again
the affidavits differ as to what DRP really advised the plaintiffs to do and I
think this is an issue best determined by a trial court since an arguable
issue of fact has been raised.

(7) DRP failed to ensure proper execution of the Settlement Agreement in Suit
249

118 The seventh and final allegation of negligence (as pleaded at [23] and
[26] of the Statement of Claim) relates to the execution of the Settlement
Agreement in Suit 249. The plaintiffs allege that they were not aware of the
settlement negotiations and were not shown drafts of the agreement. The
plaintiffs also allege that DRP did not conduct bankruptcy searches on Tan and
Thian before the execution proceedings. Once again, the allegations of fact
are different and I am unable to determine conclusively which side is speaking
the truth. Therefore, I find that an arguable issue of fact has been raised
with respect to this allegation.

**_Conclusion with respect to setting aside of judgments entered in default of
appearance_**

119 Accordingly, on the application of the law as discussed, I find that this
being a case in which liability depended almost entirely on the assessment of
facts at a full trial, an arguable defence is only necessary. I find that
there is an arguable defence with respect to all of the plaintiffs’
allegations of negligence. In any event, even if I am wrong on the law and
_Abdul Gaffer_ applies in full, I nonetheless am convinced by the evidence
adduced before me that the second defendant has advanced a defence which has a
real prospect of success and carries with it some degree of conviction. Thus,
even if I am wrong on setting aside the order for substituted service, I would
have set aside the interlocutory judgment entered in default of appearance
against the second defendant and final judgment entered against the second
defendant.

Conclusion

120 In final analysis, I do not think that the ends of justice would be met if
I were to dismiss the second defendant’s present application and deny him a
chance to present his case in court. Whether the determinative issue is the
order for substituted service or the setting aside of the default judgments, I
come unhesitatingly to the view that, if one were to take a step back and ask
oneself if justice would be served denying the second defendant a chance to
argue the case on its full merits before a trial court, knowing what the court
now knows with the second defendant’s submissions, the answer would be an
unequivocal “no”. This, in a single sentence, aptly summarises the underlying
reason for my decision.

121 For the reasons above, I set aside the order for substituted service and
all proceedings thereafter. I will hear the parties as to costs.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 10 Mar 2008 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

