Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Public Prosecutor v Lim Hwang Ngin Lawrence  
[2008] SGHC 171

Case Number | : | CC 26/2007  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 08 October 2008  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Kan Ting Chiu J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Winston Cheng Howe Ming, Shahla Iqbal and Lee Ti-Ting (Deputy Public Prosecutors) for the prosecution; Lee Teck Leng (Lee Associates) for the accused   
Parties | : |  Public Prosecutor — Lim Hwang Ngin Lawrence   
  
Criminal Law  
  

8 October 2008 |   
---|---  
  
Kan Ting Chiu J:

Introduction

1 The accused, Lawrence Lim Hwang Ngin, stood trial on 13 charges for offences
under ss 323, 354, 376, 377 and 509 of the Penal Code (Cap 224, 1985 Rev Ed)
against Tri Utami, (“Tri”), a maid employed by him and his wife over the
period from 29 January 2006 to 5 May 2006.

2 He was convicted on five charges for offences under s 323, i.e. the 1st,
9th, 10th, 12th and 13th charges and was acquitted of the other charges. He
had made a qualified admission of guilt to the 1st charge and pleaded guilty
to the 9th charge. He had pleaded not guilty to the 10th, 12th and 13th
charges. He now appeals against his conviction on those three charges. The
Public Prosecutor has not appealed against the acquittals.

3 These grounds will be directed at the three convictions under appeal, and
will not touch on the convictions and acquittals not under appeal.

4 The three charges are:

_10th Charge:_ |  on or about 29 April 2006, sometime in the morning, at Block 521 Woodlands Drive 14 #10-355, Singapore, being the husband of one Chua Hwee Hwa, the employer of a domestic maid, namely one Tri Utami, did voluntarily cause hurt to the said Tri Utami, to wit, by kicking her hips, and you have thereby committed an offence punishable under section 323 read with section 73(2) of the Penal Code, Chapter 224.  
---|---  
_12th Charge:_ |  on or about 4 May 2006, sometime at night, at Block 521 Woodlands Drive 14 #10-355, Singapore, being the husband of one Chua Hwee Hwa, the employer of a domestic maid, namely one Tri Utami, did voluntarily cause hurt to the said Tri Utami, to wit, by kicking her abdomen several times, by pushing her hard on her chest with your leg and slapping her cheeks several times and you have thereby committed an offence punishable under section 323 read with section 73(2) of the Penal Code, Chapter 224.  
_13th Charge:_ |  on or about 5 May 2006, sometime in the morning, at Block 521 Woodlands Drive 14 #10-355, Singapore, being the husband of one Chua Hwee Hwa, the employer of a domestic maid, namely one Tri Utami, did voluntarily cause hurt to the said Tri Utami, to wit, by kicking her abdomen several times, and you have thereby committed an offence punishable under section 323 read with section 73(2) of the Penal Code, Chapter 224.  
  
5 The accused was accused of committing rape, carnal intercourse and outraging
the modesty of Tri, as well as causing hurt to her. The hearing spanned 28
days, with Tri being on the witness box for more than eight days.

6 Much of the time was spent on Tri’s working conditions such as the diary
schedules and records she had to maintain, and whether she had the means to
leave the flat. She was also cross-examined extensively on her conduct during
the police investigations, e.g., her statements to the police officers who
dealt with her, as well as the doctors who had examined her.

7 It came as no surprise that inconsistencies and omissions surfaced. There
were inconsistencies over dates, places and events, and they led to the
acquittals that followed, where the deficiencies and flaws created reasonable
doubts in the prosecution’s case.

8 For the charges on which the accused was convicted, and in particular the
convictions which are under appeal, I was mindful that the evidence was not
beyond criticism. There were inconsistencies and omissions in the narratives
to the different police officers and the doctors, and variations in the
narratives. However, I was satisfied that they were not critical, and they did
not detract from the basis on which I have found the accused to be guilty on
the charges.

Background

9 Tri had started work with the accused and his wife Chua Hwee Hwa (who is
also known as Joanne) in December 2004. Her duties were to look after her
employers’ infant daughter Hazel, and to perform household duties.

10 Tri had worked for a Chinese family in Malaysia previously; she was
conversant in Mandarin, and communicated with the accused and his wife in
Mandarin. Technically, she was registered as the employee of the accused’s
wife, though the parties regarded her at all times as the employee of the
couple.

11 Tri is a submissive and timid person. Throughout the trial, her evidence
was that she would comply with the orders of the accused and his wife, and
there was no suggestion that she would ‘talk back’ or show any disagreement.
Her meekness was also confirmed by Jeanie Cacanando, a Filipino maid from a
neighbouring flat, who testified that Tri did not act on her advice to report
to the police, her embassy or maid agent that her employer had assaulted
her.[note: 1] Another witness, Lau Eng Teng, had also advised Tri to make a
police report, but Tri also did not want to do that.[note: 2] The police were
eventually alerted because Lau Eng Teng was so disturbed by Tri’s plight that
she called the police without consulting her.

12 The accused is a police officer holding the rank of staff sergeant, and he
was attached to the Intellectual Property Rights Branch, Criminal
Investigation Division, as an investigator. He admitted to bearing an active
dislike for Tri after he witnessed her shouting at Hazel and shaking her
violently. He wanted to dismiss Tri, but his wife wanted to give her a second
chance, so they kept her on,[note: 3] but he was hostile and domineering
towards Tri. He stated that “I did admit that I want to make her life
miserable … I’m just having psychological warfare to her only.”[note: 4]

13 Tri was afraid of him. She said that he would threaten to send her to Batam
to be a prostitute, or to send her to prison if she disobeyed him. The accused
denied making prostitution threats, but admitted making the imprisonment
threats.[note: 5]

14 He was ready to inflict corporal punishment on Tri over minor incidents.
The two convictions that are not under appeal show that the physical
maltreatment started on 29 January 2006 and was repeated on 21 April 2006.
Both assaults were for minor reasons. For the offence of 29 January 2006,
which was Chinese New Year day, the accused knocked Tri with his knuckles
several times. Tri’s evidence was that he hit her for forgetting to pack the
baby’s hat and napkins when they went out that day. The accused could not
recall the reason for the beating. For the other charge which took place on 21
April 2006, the accused admitted that he hit Tri for not holding onto the baby
during a bath, and the baby tripped and fell, without suffering any injuries.
For this carelessness, the accused hit her head with his fist repeatedly.

15 The allegations of the offences and the investigations came to light on 5
May 2006. On that day, Jeanie Cacanando spoke to Tri and learnt of the
mistreatment she had endured. They were unable to communicate effectively
because Tri spoke little English, and Jeanie Cacanando did not speak Bahasa
Indonesia or Mandarin. Jeanie Cacanando then got Lau Eng Teng, a mature lady
residing in a neighbouring flat, to speak to Tri in Mandarin. After seeing
Tri’s state and speaking to her, Lau Eng Teng was so distressed that she made
a telephone call to the police. Following this call, investigations commenced,
and Tri was taken away from the accused’s flat by the police.

The 10th charge

16 The charge was that on 29 April 2006, the accused kicked Tri’s hips while
they were at his residence. Tri’s evidence was that the accused was annoyed
because he could not find Hazel’s toys which she had placed at a different
place. He kicked her on both hips, and left blue-black marks.[note: 6]

17 When she was sent for medical examination by the police on 5 May 2006 at
the National University Hospital, the examining doctor, Dr Chan Kim Poh, found
an area of ecchymoses over her left hip greater trochanteric region and an
area of ecchymoses over her right hip greater trochanteric region.[note: 7] Dr
Chan was of the opinion that the age of the injuries was between one to 14
days which would cover injuries inflicted on 29 April 2006. His findings
corroborated Tri’s evidence that she was kicked on both hips. Tri’s evidence
was also that she was kicked on the hips on only one occasion, 29 April 2006.

18 In a statement recorded on 9 May 2006 in the course of police
investigations, Tri recounted that on Saturday, 29 April 2006, the accused:

had kicked me on the both thighs because I did not place the toys in the right
place. He kicked my right thigh and when I turned because it was painful and
he then kicked me on the left. After that he kicked me near the hip on the
left.[note: 8]

19 The accused was questioned about the incident and a statement was recorded
from him on 26 May 2006.[note: 9] It was recorded:

Q According to your maid, Tri, on one Saturday in the month of April, you
scolded her as you could not find a particular toy for your daughter and you
had also kicked on her thighs many times. What have you got to say?

A I did not kick her. I have never kicked her! But I ever scolded her if she
did anything to my daughter.[note: 10]

20 In court, he said:

I will not assault her for this kind of minor … minor, minor things. If I were
to ever hit her, I belief [_sic_] it must have caused my daughter to cry or
injured.[note: 11]

overlooking the events of 29 January 2006 referred to in [14].

21 His counsel in the closing submissions contended that:

the accused had admitted that he kicked Tri’s hips on 4 May 2006 night. The
bruises on Tri’s hips could have been caused by the accused on 4 May 2006
instead of 29 April 2006.[note: 12]

22 However, the accused had also denied in his statement of 26 May 2006 that
he kicked Tri on 4 May,[note: 13] although he changed his position when he
gave his defence, and said that he kicked Tri’s hips on 4 May 2006.[note: 14]

23 The other matter raised by the defence was that Tri did not refer to the
assault in her first statement to the police given on 5 May 2006. That
statement was taken on the very day of her abrupt removal from the flat, and
was recorded from 10.15pm to 2am the next morning. That must have been a
traumatic and exhausting time for her. It was evident that she did not recall
all the incidents of assault, including the events of 29 January 2006, which
the accused admitted to. However, she referred to this incident in her next
statement recorded on 9 May 2006.[note: 15]

24 Having observed her giving her evidence, and having considered the findings
and evidence of Dr Chan, I believe the evidence of Tri. On the other hand, the
accused’s defence that he kicked her hips, but only on 4 May 2006, did not
raise any reasonable doubt that the offence took place.

The 12th charge

25 The charge was that on the night of 4 May 2006, the accused kicked Tri in
her abdomen several times, pushed her chest with his leg and slapped her
cheeks several times.

26 In her first statement of 5 May 2006, Tri had alleged that the accused
kicked her on her stomach[note: 16] and she had also mentioned in her second
statement of 9 May 2006 that he had assaulted her on 4 May 2006.[note: 17]

27 Tri’s evidence was that on the night of 4 May 2006, she allowed Hazel to
hold a ballpen and walk about. The accused and his wife saw that and became
angry because they regarded that as dangerous to Hazel. The accused scolded
her and kicked her on the stomach. He ordered her to place her hands on her
head while he kicked her. She felt pain, and lowered her hand, which came into
contact with his leg. This angered him more, and he raised his leg and pressed
his foot against her chest, making it difficult for her to breathe. After
doing that, he followed up by slapping her on the left and right sides of her
face. As a result of these assaults, she suffered red marks under her
chin.[note: 18] In the course of the investigations, the accused had denied
kicking Tri, in an investigation statement of 26 May 2006,[note: 19] and again
in a cautioned statement recorded on 4 January 2007.[note: 20]

28 The accused admitted in court that he had assaulted Tri that day using his
hands and legs, and that it was a bad assault because he had lost control of
himself.[note: 21] He explained that he got into that state after his wife
told him that Hazel had hit her head on the floor because Tri had not placed a
cushion on the floor.[note: 22]

29 He admitted that he caused a small bump on the back of Tri’s head. He also
admitted to slapping Tri, and kicking her. However, he said he kicked her on
the hips and not in the abdomen because he did not want to cause internal
injury to her.[note: 23] During cross-examination, he agreed that he could
have caused injury when he hit Tri on the head.[note: 24]

30 His counsel repeated that:

… he lost control of himself. He used his leg to kick Tri, and used his hand
to hit her. He assaulted her badly that night.[note: 25]

…

He scolded Tri. He lost control of himself as he was very angry and
frustrated. He kicked her hips. … Even when she moved around to avoid his
kicking, he just continued kicking her. He did not kick her abdomen as he did
not want to cause her internal injuries. He also slapped her on her cheeks
several times. As he assaulted her, he scolded her. He did not press his leg
hard against her chest.

When he assaulted Tri, she started crying. He did not stop. He kept kicking
and hitting her on and off. He could not recall exactly what he did. He
assaulted her for a few minutes.

in the closing submissions. [note: 26]

31 It is to be noted that the accused admitted he kicked and slapped Tri. His
defence was that he kicked her hips and not her abdomen. However, by his own
account of that incident, he was not in a state of mind which allowed calm and
accurate recollection.

32 On the other hand, Tri, the passive victim of the assault, was clear that
she was kicked in the abdomen, and she had complained to Dr Chan Kim Poh when
she was brought for medical examination that day, that her employer kicked her
on 4 May 2006 on her lower left chest and she also complained of pain in the
left lower ribs. There was no reason for her to say that he kicked her in the
abdomen if he had kicked her hips. Her complaints to Dr Chan placed the area
of assault at the lower chest, which is just above the abdomen.

33 On the evidence, I found Tri’s recollection of the events more reliable
than the accused’s account, and I found the accused guilty as charged.

The 13th charge

34 The charge was that the accused kicked Tri in the abdomen on the morning of
5 May 2006, the day when the police were alerted and commenced investigations.

35 Tri’s evidence was that in the early morning of that day, Hazel cried, and
the accused’s wife asked Tri to prepare milk for Hazel. When Tri did that she
used the wrong teat on the milk bottle. The accused and his wife were enraged
at Tri over this, and the accused kicked her stomach a few times.[note: 27]
(There was another allegation of a separate incident of assault later in the
morning on the buttock which is not covered in this charge.)

36 The accused put up a total and bare defence that nothing had happened on
the morning of 5 May 2006 as alleged. Hazel had not cried and he did not kick
Tri.[note: 28]

37 The credibility of each account has to be evaluated and compared against
the other. The matter came to light because the neighbouring maid, Jeanie
Cacanando, saw Tri crying that morning. It was Jeanie Cacanando who took the
initiative to speak to Tri, and Tri indicated to her by gestures and said that
her employer had kicked her abdomen.[note: 29] Jeanie Cacanando was moved to
inform the neighbour Lau Eng Teng of the matter. Lau Eng Teng spoke with Tri
in Mandarin, and Tri told her that her male employer had kicked her
abdomen.[note: 30] The accused’s defence was that he did not assault Tri that
morning, and his wife confirmed that.

38 The evidence of Jeanie Cacanando and Lau Eng Teng is significant. They were
independent and neutral witnesses who had no reason to lie or to help Tri by
giving false evidence to incriminate the accused. The significance of their
evidence is that Tri had informed them of the assault by the accused when she
did not expect them to act on her complaints. She did not want to report the
matter, and she did not know that Lau Eng Teng would call the police without
consulting her.

39 After hearing and reviewing the evidence, I was satisfied beyond a
reasonable doubt that Tri was speaking the truth when she said that the
accused kicked her abdomen that morning.

Observations

40 I will conclude with two observations on the conduct of the investigations
by officers of the Serious Sexual Crime Branch (“SSCB”), Criminal
Investigations Department. The SSCB, as its name indicates, specialises in the
investigations of serious sexual offences. When such offences are reported,
they are referred to the branch for investigations. The SSCB should be staffed
and equipped to carry out the investigations efficiently.

41 During the course of investigations, Tri’s case was handled by two officers
of the SSCB. The first officer was Station Inspector Cecilia Yeo, and the
second officer was Senior Investigation Officer Sitimarsita Bohari.

42 SI Yeo was questioned by the prosecutor about a statement she recorded from
Tri on 5 May 2006 which contained the following question and answer:

Q Do you think that [the accused] raped you …?

A No, as he did not force or threaten me in any way before or during the
sexual intercourse. In fact, I was sexually aroused when [he] used his fingers
to rub and then insert into my vagina.[note: 31]

The prosecutor asked her:

Q [W]hat did you tell her was the definition of “rape”, you know, what you
indicate to her?

and she replied:

A [I]f I recall correctly, I told her that if the accused did not force or
threaten her, then it is not considered rape.[note: 32]

43 That was a wrong definition of “rape”. Section 375(1) of the Penal Code
(Cap 224, 1985 Rev Ed) which deals with rape states:

Any man who penetrates the vagina of a woman with his penis —

(a) without her consent; or

(b) with or without her consent, when she is under 14 years of age,

shall be guilty of an offence.

44 If the officer had a proper knowledge of the offence of rape, she would not
have told Tri that there is no rape without force or threat, and she should
have advised her that rape is sexual intercourse without consent. It is
important that SSCB investigators have proper understanding of the offences
they investigate. They should refer to the Penal Code or any applicable
statutes when they inform and question victims or suspects of the offences
that they are investigating.

45 When SIO Sitimarsita Bohari gave evidence, it transpired that in respect of
one alleged incident, there was some confusion whether Tri had said that the
accused rubbed her vulva or her vagina. This arose because Tri had used the
equivalent of ‘private part’, and was not asked to be more specific, or to
demonstrate the action.

46 While it may be that a victim of a sexual assault may not want or cannot
describe fully and accurately the assault, accurate descriptions are
necessary. The SSCB should have models and pictures of the anatomical parts
which victims can use to explain assault. Apparently none were available.
Descriptions of the anatomy should go beyond general terms like “private
part”, and the exact part should be identified and named.

47 The prosecutor agreed that changes and improvements can be made in these
areas. I believe that appropriate steps can be implemented and the
investigative process can be improved for the benefit of victims and accused
persons.

_________________

[note: 1]PS1 paras 3 and 4

[note: 2]PS30 para 3

[note: 3]Notes of Evidence page 1934

[note: 4]Notes of Evidence page 1944

[note: 5]Notes of Evidence 1846

[note: 6]Notes of Evidence pages 154-155

[note: 7]P68

[note: 8]P116, Answer 5

[note: 9]P82

[note: 10]P82, Q131 and Answer

[note: 11]Notes of Evidence page 1829

[note: 12]Defence Closing Submissions, para 245

[note: 13]P82, Q133 and Answer

[note: 14]Notes of Evidence page 1843

[note: 15]P116

[note: 16]P114 para 10

[note: 17]P116 Answer 5

[note: 18]Notes of Evidence pages 159-168

[note: 19]P82 Answer 133

[note: 20]P107

[note: 21]Notes of Evidence page 1835

[note: 22]Notes of Evidence page 1836

[note: 23]Notes of Evidence page 1843

[note: 24]Notes of Evidence page 1903

[note: 25]Defence Closing Submissions para 277

[note: 26]Defence Closing Submissions paras 281 and 282

[note: 27]Notes of Evidence pages 169-170

[note: 28]Notes of Evidence page 1847

[note: 29]PS1 para 4; Notes of Evidence pages 1402, 1413

[note: 30]PS30 para 2; Notes of Evidence page 1424

[note: 31]P114

[note: 32]Notes of Evidence page 1212

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 08 Oct 2008 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

