Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Singh Chiranjeev and Another v Joseph Mathew and Others  
[2008] SGHC 222

Case Number | : | Suit 521/2007  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 28 November 2008  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Andrew Ang J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Boo Moh Cheh (Kurup & Boo) for the plaintiffs; Leslie Netto (Netto & Magin LLC) for the first and second defendants; Foo Say Tun and Brian Campos (Wee Tay & Lim) for the third and fourth defendants   
Parties | : |  Singh Chiranjeev; Gulati Jasmine Kaur — Joseph Mathew; Mercy Joseph; Helene Ong Geok Tin; Dennis Wee Properties Pte Ltd   
  
Contract – Formalities – Whether writing requirement under s 6(d) Civil Law
Act (Cap 43, 1999 Rev Ed) fulfilled – Whether contract part-performed  
  
Contract – Formation – Whether binding contract in existence – Whether agent
authorised to deposit cheque into seller's bank account – Whether seller bound
upon accepting deposit to grant option to purchase  
  

28 November 2008 |  Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Andrew Ang J:

Introduction

1 The plaintiffs (Singh Chiranjeev and Gulati Jasmine Kaur) are the intending
buyers of a property known as 26 Upper Serangoon View, #04-32, Rio Vista,
Singapore 534206 (“the Property”). The first and second defendants (Joseph
Mathew and Mercy Joseph) are the joint owners of the Property. The third
defendant (Helene Ong Geok Tin) was the property agent involved in the sale
and purchase of the Property and was working as an associate of the fourth
defendant (Dennis Wee Properties Pte Ltd). The plaintiffs originally brought
this action against only the first and second defendants for specific
performance and damages in respect of an agreement for the sale and purchase
of the Property made on 14 May 2007. However, the first and second defendants
alleged in their defence that the property agent had no authority to conclude
any agreement to sell the Property; the plaintiffs therefore joined the third
and fourth defendants in this suit. The plaintiffs’ claim against the third
and fourth defendants, for damages due to negligent misrepresentation, is in
the alternative to their claim against the first and second defendants, and no
submissions were made on this alternative claim after evidence was led.

Facts

2 The plaintiffs first viewed the Property with the third defendant on 6 May
2007 and again on 11 May 2007. On both occasions, the first plaintiff informed
the third defendant, orally, that the plaintiffs had been renting another unit
at the Rio Vista as their residence and intended to buy and reside in the
Property. On 6 May 2007, the first plaintiff handed a cheque for $5,000 to the
third defendant, and the third defendant told him that she would ask the first
defendant if he was prepared to accept the plaintiffs’ offer to purchase the
Property for $500,000. The first and second defendants rejected this offer and
the cheque was returned to the plaintiffs. At the second viewing on 11 May
2007, the first plaintiff orally offered, through the third defendant, to buy
the Property for $506,000 and issued a second cheque for $5,060 in respect of
a sale price of $506,000 (“the 1% cheque”), which the third defendant had told
him was acceptable.

3 On 14 May 2007, the third defendant told the first plaintiff that the first
defendant had agreed to his offer of $506,000 and faxed him a draft of the
Option to Purchase (“the Option”).

4 The third defendant deposited the 1% cheque into the first defendant’s bank
account on 16 May 2007 and the first plaintiff’s account was correspondingly
debited on 17 May 2007. On 18 May 2007, the third defendant sent the first
defendant an e-mail (1AB.82), informing him as follows:

I am informing you as per your instruction regarding the 1% cheque to be
deposited to your account (given by you). I have done it already.

The first plaintiff testified that on 18 May 2007 he called the third
defendant to ask for the documents because he needed them to obtain a bank
loan, and she told him that they would be signed and sent back immediately. At
that time, the first plaintiff was not aware that the 1% cheque had already
been deposited.

5 On 20 May 2007, the third defendant called the first plaintiff and informed
him that there were “some unfortunate unexpected developments”, and that he
would receive confirmation two or three days later. The first plaintiff, not
knowing that the 1% cheque had already been deposited, was under the
impression that this confirmation would be conclusive “and then they would
deposit the cheque post that”. On 22 May 2007, the first defendant sent an
e-mail (1AB.98) to the first plaintiff and the third defendant:

Dear Mr. Singh/Ms. Helene,

As conveyed through Ms. Helene, it is extremely difficult situation for me to
make a decision now due to organizational changes in our company (expecting in
two weeks time, my Director’s visit also rescheduled, refer separate mail to
Helene) and I may need to come back to Singapore within 6 months time (that is
still not confirmed). Further property price in Singapore is going up which
makes me also difficult to buy another property for the same price.

It is also unfair to ask you to wait another two more weeks. As such, I am
canceling [_sic_] my plan to sell the apartment.

Understand that Ms. Helene has already deposited the advance cheque to my
account. Therefore, the same cheque amount (S$5060) will be handed over to
Helene during my visit to Singapore on 26th May 07.

Thanks for your understanding and sorry for the inconvenience caused if any.

6 On 23 May 2007, the third defendant sent the first plaintiff an e-mail
informing him that the first defendant would return the “deposit (1%) in
cheque” when he arrived in Singapore on 26 May 2007. The first plaintiff
testified that when he checked his bank statement on 24 May 2007 he saw that
his account had indeed been debited on 17 May 2007.

7 On 26 May 2007, the first plaintiff met the first defendant at the Rio Vista
condominium by the swimming pool; the third defendant was also present. The
first defendant said that he had to cancel his plan to sell the Property
because he might have to come back to Singapore in the near future. The first
plaintiff responded that if the first defendant was sure of coming back to
Singapore, he was prepared to let the deal go, but if that was not the case
then he should proceed to complete the sale of the Property. The plaintiffs
refused to accept a cheque for $5,060 from the first defendant (via the third
defendant). On 19 June 2007, the first defendant sent another e-mail (1AB.147)
to the third defendant:

Dear Helene,

Further to my previous emails, pls ensure to inform the buyer that I am not
selling the property.

As you are clear, I have neither given the exclusive agency for you nor signed
the option/Agreement for sale. By mistake, you have deposited the cheque to my
account before signing the agreement, I do understand that.

I will give time to the buyer to withdraw the amount until 25 June 07 failing
which I will proceed with legal action follow up based on several grounds.

The present suit

8 The plaintiffs commenced this suit on 17 August 2007 and lodged a caveat
against the property in February 2008. The first and second defendants are
currently residing in India, the first defendant’s contract having been
renewed for two years from June 2007.

9 The plaintiffs relied on four material e-mails, all with the subject “Rio
Vista”, to show that there was a binding agreement to sell the Property, and
specifically that the third defendant was instructed by the first defendant to
deposit the 1% cheque into his bank account: first, on 12 May 2007, the third
defendant wrote to the first defendant (“the first e-mail”) (1AB.58–59):

Dear Mr Joseph

Buyer Mr & Mrs Chiranjeev Singh viewed the apt late this evening again.
Similarly buyers also must have confidence that they did buy the right
property and at a fair right price. I did my best to convince them about your
asking price with the fact that they have been increasing their offer since
last 5 days. I told them about your asking price and they finally offered 506K
which you did mention that you will accept. I went back to collect the 1%
deposit from them i.e. for the sale price of $506K.

Option To Purchase (OTP) will be prepared upon their agreement and also yours.
It will be as follow and pls confirm.

* 1% deposit of $5060.00 received (Option money).

* 3 wks to exercise Option i.e. from 14/5 to 4/6/07. Next 9% will be paid to your Lawyer by 4/6/07.

* Completion date is 10 weeks after i.e. 13 August 2007.

Do you have a Solicitor (lawyer) you are using or I can recommend. I need to
fill up in the Option. Pls provide me.

Buyers want to have vacant possession i.e. Tenant has to leave upon
completion. Base on the dates as mentioned above, it will be just in time of
12 weeks notice for tenant to leave. Total is 13 weeks upon completion of
sale.

So, pls write a note to Tenant immediately to give them the 12 weeks notice
wef 14 May 2007 or latest by 21 May 2007 (date of notice). Pls do not delay
cos that is your agreement with the Tenant. Completion date is sensitive.

Please address notice to Tenant Mr IKENNA IGWE. I can also plan this
notice/letter for you but still need your signature.

I will courier the OPTION to you but need the address immediately. Will do it
by Monday, no delay. Or you want to fly in Mon or Tues to settle all the
signing. I can help you arrange a lawyer also. Pls advise.

As agreed and with the fact that I have put in my utmost effort to convince
the Buyers to increase their offers, I am charging a 1% service fee of the
sale price with GST. Thank you.

You can call me to clarify and confirm all text as written herewith.

Regards

Helene …

10 Second, the third defendant wrote another e-mail (“the second e-mail”)
(1AB.184) to the first defendant on 12 May 2007 referring to a telephone
conversation they had after the first e-mail was sent:

Hi Mr Joseph

Follow up to my telephone call, I hope you are clear of my 1st email. So pls
let me know all the info required, date as stated agreeable to coincide the 3
+ 10 wks, lawyer’s address, contact No. and the lawyer’s name to fill into the
OPTION.

The 1% deposit of S$5060.00 (cheque) is in your name. I will send it to you
together with the OPTION via courier.

I can help you write the notice to Mr Igwe (Hart) re the notice of tenancy.
But will courier together with all papers and you need to sign and return this
fast. So the notice is 12 weeks as agreed in your tenancy with him.

Pls email address for my courier. This will take up 3 to 4 days if no delay on
your side thus EXERCISE OPTION date will be affected if delay. I will do it
early on Monday as I have to book the courier service. They will then pick it
up by Noon.

Regards

Helene

11 The first defendant replied the same day as follows (“the third e-mail”)
(1AB.183–184):

Dear Helene,

Understand that at this growing market, the property price is going up
including rental market. However I am taking a decision to proceed to sell the
property at this price of S$506K which is reasonably OK as _my minimum
expectation was S$510K which we couldn’t achieve._

After deducting agent fee and lawyer fee at least I should get minimum of
S$500K. I had taken loan of S$250K and also paying heavy interest for the last
one year (not much gain), also very less rental of S$1500 which is also not
attractive. As discussed through phone I can only agree for an agent fee of
S$4000 + tax which is reasonable. Also I can give more business for you
through various contacts. Pleas [_sic_] raise the invoice accordingly.

– You can also deposit the cheque to my account POSB-026-XXXXX-X

– Pls send me the draft letter for Mr. Igwe so that I can sign the letter with
effect from 14 May 07.

– My address as follows

Joseph Mathew  
Keppel FELS Offshore,  
Unit No. 3, 8th floor, Prism Tower A,  
Mindspace, Malad West,  
Mumbai – 400062  
India.

– Also appreciate your follow up to find a suitable flat which can demand
higher rental value (ex. Summerdale etc) or Any new EC coming up /any good
deal.

Thanks for your understanding and support.

Best Regards

Joseph Mathew

12 Finally, the third defendant replied also on 13 May 2007 (“the fourth
e-mail”) (1AB.65):

Hi Mr Joseph

Yes I agree with the growing market but different sector with different
growing percentage. I do not need to refresh my explanation again. I think it
is a genuine offer especially your unit with original condition – no
renovation and other factors which I did mention).

Aiya – it’s always the poor hardworking agent who has to bear and share the
story and compensate by lossing [_sic_] their service fee. What can I say.

Okay $4000 + GST. But other fee of courier, etc, I have to bill you
accordingly, thank you.

Okay will deposit your 1% Buyer’s deposit into your POSB account.

Will courier OPTION and any other papers to you on Monday. Would appreciate
you sign immediately and courier back to me to my home address. My address :-

…

What about the lawyer. If you have your own lawyer just email back, I will
fill it up. Otherwise I will have a lawyer to help you out and they will
contact you once they have the OPTION.

I will be sending a separate email for Mr Igwe’s notice re ending Tenancy.
Please print it out and sign then fax to my office first. I will give him the
copy first. Original copy can be courier back with the Signed copy of OPTION.
Then I can give him the original once I receive it.

13 The plaintiffs’ claim was originally against the first and second
defendants only. In a letter dated 29 June 2007 to the plaintiffs’ former
solicitors, the first defendant denied that he had agreed to sell the Property
to the plaintiffs. However, in their defence filed on 21 September 2007, the
first and second defendants averred that the third defendant did not have
actual, implied or apparent authority to bind them in respect of the sale of
the Property. On 12 October 2007, the first and second defendants’ solicitors
wrote a letter to the plaintiffs’ solicitors informing them that the third
defendant had no authority to conclude the agreement and that the agreement
was subject to the first and second defendants signing the Option (1AB.187).
The plaintiffs thus amended the writ of summons to include the claim against
the third and fourth defendants. At the end of the trial and after evidence
had been led, however, the plaintiffs submitted that the evidence supported
their claim against the first and second defendants and decided not to make
submissions on their alternative claim against the third and fourth
defendants.

14 At trial, the first and second defendants argued that the third defendant
had no authority to bind them to sell the Property to the plaintiffs; that
there was no sufficient memorandum evidencing the sale under s 6(d) of the
Civil Law Act (Cap 43, 1999 Rev Ed); and that they had no intention to be
bound until the Option had been signed by them.

15 On the first day of trial, counsel for the first and second defendants made
clear that they were not raising the defence of waiver or estoppel by the
first plaintiff’s agreement (noted in the third defendant’s e-mail (1AB.88) of
20 May 2007) to give the first defendant more time to consider if he was
moving back to Singapore. Rather, the defence was that there was no
enforceable agreement without a signed Option. The first and second defendants
did not dispute that the third defendant had authority to tell the first
plaintiff that they had agreed to the price, but argued that the third
defendant did not have authority to bind them by depositing the 1% cheque into
the first defendant’s account.

Whether the first defendant authorised the third defendant to deposit the 1%
cheque

16 The first and second defendants placed great emphasis on the fact that
neither of them had seen a copy of the Option prior to the one couriered to
the first defendant on 14 May 2007. They asserted that the burden of proof was
on the plaintiffs to show that the first and second defendants “had knowledge
of the contents of the option at the material time”. This is not correct. The
plaintiffs bore the burden of showing that a binding contract had been formed
which they could enforce, but this was not premised on showing the first and
second defendants’ “knowledge of the contents of the option” since the
agreement was not subject to contract. The first and second defendants
testified that they changed their minds about selling the Property not because
of their dissatisfaction with any term in the Option but because they thought
they would have to move back to Singapore soon. In fact, as of the trial they
still had not read the Option. The proper issue was thus whether the third
defendant was authorised to bind the first and second defendants by depositing
the 1% cheque into the first defendant’s account.

17 The plaintiffs submitted that the first defendant authorised the third
defendant to sell the Property to the plaintiffs by instructing her
specifically in the third e-mail to bank the 1% cheque into the first
defendant’s POSB bank account. The first defendant exhibited the third e-mail
to his affidavit but did not mention it therein. The plaintiffs thus argued
that an adverse inference should be drawn accordingly that the first defendant
could not deny that this e-mail bound him to the sale.

18 The first defendant asserted during cross-examination that he had not
authorised the third defendant to bank the 1% cheque into his POSB bank
account on 16 May 2007, but only after he and the second defendant had signed
the Option. Having conceded that the third e-mail was silent on what
“appropriate time” the cheque was to be deposited, the first defendant could
only insist that this was his subjective intention that he expected the third
defendant to understand from the third e-mail because “[w]hat is appropriate
she knows better than me” (Transcript dated 23 June 2008 at p 93). As the
plaintiffs point out in their written submissions at para 75, this evidence
surfaced for the first time when the first defendant was cross-examined; in
his affidavit he had neither referred to the third e-mail nor averred that the
third defendant was not authorised to deposit the 1% cheque into his POSB bank
account on 16 May 2007.

19 More importantly, the first defendant’s oral evidence was contradictory to
the four e-mails. In the second e-mail, the third defendant wrote that she
would courier the 1% cheque (representing the 1% deposit) together with the
Option to the first defendant. In the third e-mail, the first defendant
replied to instruct the third defendant to deposit the 1% cheque into his POSB
bank account instead, with no qualification as to when she should do so. Then,
in the fourth e-mail, the third defendant confirmed that she would deposit the
1% cheque into the first defendant’s POSB bank account. The first defendant
did not indicate in any way that she should not do so. Upon cross-examination,
the first defendant had to admit that he had authorised the third defendant to
proceed because he expected, like everyone else, to promptly sign and return
the Option so it could be granted to the plaintiffs.

20 The first and second defendants also sought to rely on the third
defendant’s testimony, in particular the following passage (Transcript dated
24 June 2008 at pp 123–124):

Q |  During a telephone conversation on 14th May, did you make an oral statement to the 1st Plaintiff that the 1st and 2nd defendant had agreed to sign the option to purchase for the sale of the property?  
---|---  
A |  No, I did not.  
Court: |  You did not tell the ---  
Witness: |  May I ---  
Court: |  You did not tell Mr Singh ---  
Witness: |  No, may I further add that I told him Mr --- er, 1st defendant is willing to accept the sale of 506,000.  
Court: |  Ah.  
Witness: |  And the option has been forwarded, so we are waiting for his option to be returned. That --- that was an agreed acceptance of offer by the 1st defendant.  
  
21 The first and second defendants submitted (at para 33 of their written
submissions) that the third defendant’s statement “that she did not tell [the
first plaintiff] that [the first defendant] agreed to sign the option
[amounted] to evidence that [the third defendant] did not have actual
authority to bind and in fact did not bind [the first and second defendants]”.

22 The first and second defendants then stated quite baldly (at para 57 of
their written submissions) that they would “rely on the following authorities;
_Yeo Gek Lang v Wee Alice_ [1978-1979] SLR 127 [(“ _Yeo Gek Lang_ ”)] [and]
_Kwong Kum Sun (S) Pte Ltd v Lian Soon Siew & Ors_ [1984-1985] SLR 98 [(“
_Kwong Kum Sun_ ”)]”. It is difficult to see how these cases assist their
position. _Yeo Gek Lang_ concerned an agreement to sell property “subject to
contract” and there was no evidence in that case that the appellant’s
solicitors had been authorised to negotiate and conclude a contract for her,
or that she ratified any unauthorised bargain struck by her solicitors. This
is plainly different from the present case, where the agreement to sell was
not subject to contract and, more importantly, where the first defendant had
specifically agreed to the sale price and instructed the third defendant to
deposit the 1% cheque into his identified bank account.

23 In _Kwong Kum Sun_ , the Court of Appeal held that the general rule
relating to the creation of a binding agreement was that the parties must have
finished reaching an agreement so that it was possible to infer an intention
on the part of both of them to be bound immediately. In that case, the
respondents’ notification of acceptance on a letter of offer from the
appellants sufficed to create a binding agreement. In the present case, the
first defendant bound himself not by signing the Option but by instructing and
then allowing the third defendant to deposit the 1% cheque. Having been
requested to sign the Option promptly so that it could be granted to the
plaintiffs, he raised no objection either when the third defendant confirmed
that she was going to deposit the 1% cheque, or after she informed him that
she had already done so on 16 May 2007. This conduct, coupled with his
agreement to the sale price and negotiation of the third defendant’s agent fee
in the third e-mail, amply manifests his intention to be bound immediately
upon, at the latest, the 1% cheque being deposited into his account.

24 Nor was there any merit to the first and second defendants’ contention, in
their opening statement filed on 16 June 2008, that the third defendant had
never communicated directly with the second defendant at all. The plaintiffs
argued that since the first and second defendants owned the Property jointly,
the second defendant would be bound by the first defendant’s decisions
regarding the Property and there was no need for the third defendant to
communicate with the second defendant separately. This is not correct. In
fact, the authority cited by the plaintiffs in support of this proposition
states quite clearly otherwise: “Joint tenants have to act jointly to
effectively bind the estate which they hold jointly.” (Tan Sook Yee,
_Principles of Singapore Land Law_ (Butterworths Asia, 2nd Ed, 2001) at p
122.) Thus, the first defendant could not have bound the second defendant to
the sale without her consent. Rather, I find that the second defendant had
agreed to sell the Property for the price of $506,000 and was content to leave
the mechanics of the transaction to the first defendant. Having not even read
the Option as of the trial, she could not and did not argue that the terms of
the Option influenced her decision not to sell the Property. Like the first
defendant, her main concern was the price, and once that was agreed she was
content to let the first defendant complete the transaction. The first
defendant was thus properly acting on her behalf in instructing the third
defendant to deposit the 1% cheque into his account.

25 In short, the first defendant, acting also on the second defendant’s
behalf, authorised the third defendant by the third e-mail to deposit the 1%
cheque into his bank account, without qualifying that she should wait for him
to sign the Option and, when she did so, he did not protest. The first
defendant could not explain away this third e-mail satisfactorily. The only
other question is whether the payment of the 1% cheque into the first
defendant’s designated account bound the first and second defendants.

Whether the first and second defendants were bound when the 1% cheque was
deposited

26 The first and second defendants contended that their language and
disposition constituted “evidence that all along they had treated the
agreement as only to come into force upon [the first and second defendants]
signing the option”. They recounted that when the first defendant did not send
the signed Option promptly, the third defendant sent an e-mail (1AB.81) dated
18 May 2007 to him, copied to the first plaintiff, in which she wrote: “As
mentioned, you will be confirming your acceptance as soon as you can.” The
first and second defendants, pointing to the first plaintiff’s lack of protest
against the language of “confirming” and “acceptance”, took this to mean that
there had been no binding agreement yet. This contention was unconvincing and
untenable in the face of the overall evidence. In particular, the first
plaintiff was then unaware that his cheque had been deposited in the first
defendant’s account.

27 In testifying that he had given the third defendant discretion to deposit
the 1% cheque at the appropriate time, while asserting at the same time that
she should only have deposited the 1% cheque after he had signed and returned
the Option, the first defendant was clinging to the unsustainable position of
trying to have his cake and eat it. The first defendant agreed that he had
taken the decision to proceed to sell the Property at $506,000 to the
plaintiffs. The plaintiffs pointed out that the first defendant only raised
the defence that he and the second defendant would only be bound upon their
signing the Option for the first time on 29 June 2007 in para 4 of his letter
(1AB.159) dated 29 June 2007 addressed to JHT Law Corporation, the plaintiffs’
former solicitors. In any case, the first defendant’s testimony that he
intended only for the third defendant to deposit the 1% cheque after he had
read the Option and made up his mind was far from convincing. Upon cross-
examination, when asked why he told the third defendant to deposit the 1%
cheque, he demurred that he meant that she should only deposit the 1% cheque
at the appropriate time, though he had to admit that this was not what his
e-mail stated.

28 As the third and fourth defendants argued, the first defendant had time to
stop the third defendant from depositing the 1% cheque into his bank account.
The third defendant deposited the 1% cheque into his bank account only on 16
May 2007, a few days after she sent the first defendant the fourth e-mail on
13 May 2007 to confirm, “Okay will deposit your 1% Buyer’s deposit into your
POSB account” (see [12] above). Nor did the first defendant object after the
1% cheque had been deposited. As he eventually acknowledged on the stand, it
would have been unfair to complain about the third defendant depositing the 1%
cheque after he had unqualifiedly instructed her to do so.

29 The first and second defendants were therefore bound upon having the 1%
cheque deposited into the first defendant’s bank account. The 1% deposit was
in consideration of the Option being granted. The first plaintiff’s evidence
that prior to learning that the 1% cheque had been deposited he was willing to
give the defendants a few days to reconsider because he understood that no
_binding_ agreement had been formed yet, is consistent with his change in
attitude once he learnt that his account had in fact been debited in that
amount on 17 May 2007. The first plaintiff also explained that had he known
the 1% cheque had been honoured on 17 May 2007, he would not have agreed to
let the defendants take a few days to confirm their plans. From that point,
the first and second defendants were obliged to grant the Option and the
plaintiffs had the right to insist on proceeding with the transaction.

Whether there was a written memorandum in accordance with s 6(d) of the Civil
Law Act

30 The first and second defendants argued that the plaintiffs’ claim
contravened s 6(d) of the Civil Law Act ([15] _supra_) which provides that no
action shall be brought against any person upon any contract for the sale or
other disposition of immovable property unless the promise or agreement upon
which such action is brought, or some memorandum or note thereof, is in
writing and signed by the party to be charged therewith or some other person
lawfully authorised by him. The plaintiffs submitted that the four e-mails,
read together and read with the 1% cheque, satisfied the requirement under s 6
(d) of the Civil Law Act of a written memorandum of the Option.

31 It is trite law that the plaintiffs may rely on more than one document to
constitute the necessary memorandum to comply with s 6 of the Civil Law Act:
see _SM Integrated Transware Pte Ltd v Schenker Singapore (Pte) Ltd_ [2005] 2
SLR 651 at [73] (“ _SM Integrated Transware_ ”), citing _Halsbury’s Laws of
Singapore_ , vol 7 (Butterworths Asia, 2000) at [80.133]). In _SM Integrated
Transware_ at [74]–[93], Judith Prakash J (“Prakash J”) also reasoned
comprehensively that s 6(d) does not require a signature to have been made by
hand; an e-mail suffices to indicate the person who has written and signed it
by transmitting it to the recipient, even if the writer has not signed off as
such. The first and second defendants rightly conceded this but argued that
the four e-mails read together “cannot be considered as satisfying the
requirement of s 6” because only “one of the [four] emails emanated from [the
first defendant] and that [did] not contain the terms” (the defendants’
written submissions at paras 66–67).

32 This argument is untenable. There is no requirement that the documents
relied on must _all_ originate from the first defendant; in _SM Integrated
Transware_ , Prakash J held at [73] that e-mail correspondence involving two
persons was, read together, sufficient to constitute the necessary memorandum:

[H]aving looked through all the correspondence, I consider that Ms Yong’s
e-mail of 27 January 2003 together with its attachment, the draft LSA, and Mr
Tan’s reply to Ms Yong dated 4 February 2003 accepting the terms of the draft
LSA, would together constitute the necessary memorandum. This is because all
the agreed terms are reflected in those documents when read together and these
include the essential terms for a lease, and also, one of the e-mails is a
specific acceptance by Mr Tan on behalf of Schenker of the proposed terms.

33 Here, the first defendant never denied receiving or reading the first two
e-mails sent to him by the third defendant; indeed the third e-mail was his
reply to these e-mails confirming his agreement to the sale price and
instructing the third defendant to deposit the 1% cheque into his named bank
account. The four e-mails clearly form a chain of correspondence and must thus
be read together. Taken together, they must then specify the four “P”s of
parties, property, price and any other provisions that the Court of Appeal
held were required in a memorandum (_Lee Christina v Lee Eunice & Anor
(executors of the estate of Lee Teck Soon)_ [1993] 3 SLR 8 at 16 (“ _Lee
Christina_ ”), quoting _Farrand on Contract and Conveyance_ (4th Ed, 1983) at
p 38):

As a rule the writing relied on to satisfy s 40(1) of the Law of Property Act
1925 must contain all the terms of the parties’ agreement (See  _B_ eckett v
Nurse _[1948] 1 KB 535.) If the_ agreement itself is in writing, eg where a
formal contract is drawn up and the parts exchanged by solicitors, then this
rule will almost inevitably be observed (see  _H_ utton v Watling _[1948] Ch
398(. Where, however, the writing is merely a memorandum of the parties’ prior
oral agreement, it will normally be insufficient unless it simply records
neither more nor less than the terms of that agreement_ (see ibid; also Smith
v MacGowan [1938] 3 All ER 447). _In other words, the memorandum must specify
the four ‘P’s — the parties, the property, the price plus any other
provisions’_ [emphasis added]

34 It is clear that the e-mails specified the price, parties and other
provisions. The only difficulty with the e-mails is that they did not
specifically identify the full address of the Property apart from the subject
heading “RIO VISTA” in each e-mail. However, the Property was fully identified
in the third defendant’s writing on the back of the 1% cheque, which the
plaintiffs further relied on as a memorandum pursuant to s 6 of the Civil Law
Act. On the back of the 1% cheque, the third defendant had written the first
defendant’s account number and name, her own mobile phone number (since the
first defendant was stationed overseas) and the following note:

1% Deposit Sale of 26 Upper Serangoon View #04-32 RIO VISTA (S) 534206

35 Even though this note was neither written nor signed by the first
defendant, its authenticity has not been disputed and no party has denied that
this was the Property referred to in the four e-mails. I find that the writing
on the 1% cheque can be read together with the four e-mails because it only
elaborates the precise address of the Property and does not contradict any
part of any of the e-mails. It is also undisputed that this was in fact the
Property in question and, reading the writing on the 1% cheque together with
the e-mails, would in no way enable or allow the mischief sought to be avoided
by s 6(d) of the Civil Law Act. The Property having already been partially
identified as the Rio Vista in the four e-mails, it could easily be discerned
which unit of that development was the precise property in question. The 1%
cheque provides in writing, not denied by the first and second defendants,
this precise address.

36 In _Lee Christina_ , the Court of Appeal found (at 16) that the note in
question contained:

[T]he requisite ‘P’s that is the parties, property and price. Other normal
conditions pertaining to sale and purchase of immovable property would then be
implied one of which would be completion within reasonable time.
Notwithstanding that it was a note addressed to her solicitors, it is a
sufficient memorandum evidencing the sale.

37 Thus, there is no requirement that the memorandum evidencing the sale be in
any particular form. The precise date of completion also need not be expressly
stated; it need only be within a reasonable time. Here, the difference between
the dates of 13 August 2007 and 31 August 2007 in the two draft Options sent
to the first and second defendants was explained by the third defendant as her
change to allow for the tenant to have time to vacate the Property; in any
case it was not a material discrepancy.

38 I therefore find that the e-mails, read with the 1% cheque, are sufficient
to constitute written memoranda of the binding agreement to sell the Property.
They clearly set out the parties’ identities, the Property, the sale price and
the other material terms of the contract. The 1% cheque reinforces the e-mails
and proves that the deposit was actually received and accepted by the first
defendant. Section 6(d) of the Civil Law Act was complied with and the
plaintiffs’ claim stands.

39 Assuming _arguendo_ that the cheque should not be read together with the
e-mails and that s 6(d) of the Civil Law Act was not complied with, I
nevertheless find that there was part performance of the contract by virtue of
the first defendant accepting payment of the 1% cheque into his bank account.
The Option stated that it was to be granted in consideration of the sum of
$5,060 paid by the purchaser as the Option money. In _SM Integrated Transware_
, Prakash J found that the doctrine of part performance was not available to
the plaintiff because it had not specifically pleaded it in its reply or
pleaded the particulars of the acts of part performance on which it relied. In
_Tan Kia Poh v Hong Leong Finance Ltd_ [1994] 1 SLR 270, the Court of Appeal
explained that allowing submissions to be made on matters not previously
specifically pleaded might result in material prejudice to the other party
because it would have had no opportunity to produce evidence that might
effectively counter these submissions.

40 There is no such danger of material prejudice to the first and second
defendants here. The plaintiffs pleaded in their amended statement of claim at
para 11 that the 1% cheque had been presented for payment and honoured, so
that the first plaintiff’s bank account was debited and the first defendant’s
account was credited with the sum of $5,060. The plaintiffs further averred at
para 12 “that by the [first defendant or his agent] presenting the [1% cheque]
to the POSB Bank for payment, there is already an enforceable agreement
whereby [the first and second defendants] had contracted with the Plaintiffs
to sell the Property to the Plaintiffs for the sum of $506,000.00”. In the
amended reply, the plaintiffs further pleaded (at para 6) that they “had
partially performed their part of the bargain” when they paid the 1% deposit.
The correct analysis is that the first and second defendants themselves
partially performed by accepting the plaintiffs’ 1% cheque into the first
defendant’s bank account, and in consideration of that 1% deposit they must
grant the Option. I therefore find that the payment of the 1% cheque, on the
back of which the Property was fully identified, into the first defendant’s
account was an act referable to the contract to sell the Property and there
was thus part performance (see also _Midlink Development Pte Ltd v The
Stansfield Group Pte Ltd_ [2004] 4 SLR 258 at [66]–[67]).

Conclusion

41 It is beyond dispute that the first defendant instructed the third
defendant to proceed with the transaction, simultaneously preparing and
couriering the Option for his signature as well as depositing the 1% cheque
into his bank account, which he specified in the third e-mail. He admitted
that the third defendant could not have been expected to guess from his e-mail
that she was supposed to wait until the Option had been signed before
depositing the cheque, and conceded that it would have been “very unfair” to
subsequently object to her having deposited the 1% cheque pursuant to his
instructions. The first and second defendants raised wholly unmeritorious
arguments regarding the third defendant’s authority, or lack thereof, to enter
into the agreement on their behalf, compelling the plaintiffs to join the
third and fourth defendants. The plaintiffs’ claim must therefore succeed,
with the first and second defendants to pay the costs of the plaintiffs (who,
to their credit, did not submit on their alternative claim against the third
and fourth defendants) as well as the costs of the third and fourth
defendants. While the plaintiffs could have subpoenaed the third defendant as
a witness or left it to the first and second defendants to join the third and
fourth defendants, I am of the view that their decision not to drop the third
and fourth defendants in the course of trial was prudent rather than
excessively litigious.

42 It was the first defendant’s evidence that he wanted to sell the Property
because he had an indication that he would be staying in India for “a long
time” and thought there was no point keeping the apartment yielding low rental
income while servicing a loan. As things have turned out, the first and second
defendants will continue to reside in India for the next two years or so, and
would not need to keep the Property as their family home or to purchase a
substitute property should specific performance be ordered here. Thus, their
professed “main reason” for reconsidering or cancelling the sale has
evaporated. I therefore order the first and second defendants to grant the
Option to the plaintiffs to purchase the Property for $506,000; if they refuse
to do so the Registrar shall have power to sign and grant the Option to the
plaintiffs on their behalf.

43 Assuming the plaintiffs exercise the Option, they will also be entitled to
damages after the completion date of 31 August 2007. The plaintiffs have
claimed for damages for the rent they had to and would have to continue to pay
from 1 September 2007 to 30 November 2008, less the following monthly expenses
for the same period had completion taken place on 31 August 2007, _viz_ ,
interest on a bank loan of $400,000, maintenance charges for the Property and
property tax. The plaintiffs calculated and submitted that the net amount of
damages amounted to $15,510.05. In his affidavit, the first plaintiff had
given evidence of the plaintiffs’ loss due to increased rent from November
2007 as well as of the bank loan of $400,000 that the plaintiffs would have to
take to finance their purchase of the Property, but neither plaintiff was
cross-examined on the quantum of damages at trial. I therefore further order
that upon the plaintiffs exercising the Option, the first and second
defendants pay damages of $15,510.05 to the plaintiffs.

44 The defendants shall pay the costs of the plaintiffs and the third and
fourth defendants, such costs to be taxed unless agreed.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 28 Nov 2008 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

