Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Tan Chor Jin v Public Prosecutor  
[2008] SGCA 32

Case Number | : | Cr App 9/2007  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 18 July 2008  
Tribunal/Court | : | Court of Appeal  
Coram | : |  Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA; V K Rajah JA; Tan Lee Meng J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Subhas Anandan and Sunil Sudheesan (KhattarWong) for the appellant; Lee Sing Lit and Edwin San (Attorney-General's Chambers) for the respondent   
Parties | : |  Tan Chor Jin — Public Prosecutor   
  
Constitutional Law – Accused person – Right to counsel – Accused consistently
declined to be represented by counsel – Whether right to counsel could be
waived or taken away – Article 9(3) Constitution of the Republic of Singapore
(1985 Rev Ed, 1999 Reprint)  
  
Criminal Law – General exceptions – Accident – Whether accused fulfilled all
four conditions for defence of accident to succeed – Section 80 Penal Code
(Cap 224, 1985 Rev Ed)  
  
Criminal Law – General exceptions – Intoxication – Whether accused suffering
from insanity to such degree that it rendered him incapable of knowing either
nature of the act or that it was wrong or contrary to law – Whether accused
had intention to commit offence – Whether unsoundness of mind synonymous with
insanity – Sections 84, 85, 86 Penal Code (Cap 224, 1985 Rev Ed)  
  
Criminal Law – General exceptions – Private defence – Preconditions and
requirements – Whether aggressor had right of private defence – Sections 96 to
106 Penal Code (Cap 224, 1985 Rev Ed)  
  
Criminal Law – Statutory offences – Arms Offences Act (Cap 14, 1998 Rev Ed) –
Whether presumption of using or attempting to use firearm with intention to
cause injury to person was rebutted  
  
Criminal Procedure and Sentencing – Appeal – Allegation of prosecution witness
lying – Whether trial judge obliged to visit crime scene – Power of appellate
court to reverse findings of fact  
  

18 July 2008 |   
---|---  
  
V K Rajah JA (delivering the grounds of decision of the court):

**Introduction**

1 The appellant (“Tan”) was convicted by the High Court for an arms offence
pursuant to s 4 of the Arms Offences Act (Cap 14, 1998 Rev Ed) (see _PP v Tan
Chor Jin_ [2007] SGHC 77 (“the Judgment”)). Briefly, Tan was found guilty of
discharging six rounds from a 0.22 calibre Beretta (“the Beretta”) with intent
to cause physical injury to the deceased (“Lim”), who had immediately
succumbed to the wounds inflicted. Tan acknowledged having fired the Beretta,
but maintained that he had not intended to cause any physical injury to Lim.
The evidential burden therefore rested on Tan to rebut the statutory
presumption raised pursuant to s 4(2) of the Arms Offences Act, which states:

In any proceedings for an offence under this section, any person who uses or
attempts to use any arm shall, until the contrary is proved, be presumed to
have used or attempted to use the arm with the intention to cause physical
injury to any person or property.

2 Tan – who chose to appear in person at the trial – did not succeed in
establishing his defences of intoxication and accident; neither did he manage
to establish the right of private defence. These defences are found in ch IV
(headed “General Exceptions”) of the Penal Code (Cap 224, 1985 Rev Ed). On
appeal, Tan (who had by then decided to have counsel represent him) challenged
the decision of the trial judge (“the Judge”) on these three defences. In
addition, three new issues concerning procedural fairness – _viz_ , Tan’s
right to counsel, the conditions of remand in which Tan was placed while
preparing for his trial and whether the Judge was obliged to visit the crime
scene so as to ascertain if a witness was lying – were raised. It was
contended that the cumulative effect of these breaches of procedural fairness
warranted a retrial.

3 We dismissed the appeal, and now give the reasons for our decision. In these
grounds of decision, we will address, first, the defences relied on by Tan
and, second, the issues relating to procedural fairness. We have placed
particular emphasis on three points, _viz_ , the nature of the defence of
intoxication, the extent of the right of private defence and the scope of the
right to counsel in the context of a criminal trial.

**Overview of the facts and the issues**

4 As the Judge has admirably summarised the facts in the Judgment, only the
salient facts need now be reiterated.

5 Until some seven or eight years ago, Tan had been the head of a secret
society known as “Ang Soon Tong”. About three years prior to the shooting, Tan
and Lim were involved in illegal betting activities. According to Tan, as at
April 2004, Lim owed him some RM500,000, but refused to pay up. Instead, in
July 2005, he told Tan that he would send someone to “settle with him” (see
[58] of the Judgment). As time passed, Tan grew increasingly distressed about
Lim’s callous disregard for him and the purported threat. Some time later, he
purchased the Beretta in Thailand, purportedly for self-defence, in the light
of the alleged threat made earlier by Lim.

6 On 15 February 2006, Tan went out for drinks with friends late at night.
After several rounds of drinks, Tan was driven to Lim’s flat (“the Flat”) by a
friend, Ah Chwee. Tan claimed that the purpose of this visit was to persuade
Lim to resolve their differences. Lim was so taken aback that Tan knew where
he lived that he refused to see Tan. A few hours later, Tan returned to the
Flat in the same car and, this time around, he managed to gain entrance.

7 Armed with a knife and the Beretta, Tan tied up Lim as well as Lim’s wife,
his daughter and his maid (“Risa”). They were later confined in different
rooms. Tan also had a bag with him which was used to hold valuables that he
ransacked from the Flat. Later, he confronted Lim alone in the study. Risa
testified that even though her hands and legs were tied, she was still able to
approach the study and peek inside. She saw Tan hold the Beretta very close to
the right side of Lim’s face. Tan initially fired a single shot, whereupon Lim
fell backwards against the chair behind him. Terrified and panic-stricken,
Risa immediately retreated into another room. Five more gunshots followed
before Tan left the Flat hurriedly. On his way out, he warned the family not
to summon the police. Back in the car, Tan instructed Ah Chwee to let him
alight near a canal, where he disposed of the Beretta. Just prior to leaving
for Malaysia in another car, Tan told Ah Chwee to read that evening’s
newspapers.

8 Tan was eventually arrested and extradited to Singapore on 1 March 2006. On
15 March 2006, he was remanded at Complex Medical Centre of Changi Prison
(“CMC”) for psychiatric assessment. The assessment was completed on 14 May
2006. Tan, nevertheless, continued to be held in remand at CMC until he was
transferred to Queenstown Remand Prison (“QRP”) on 27 October 2006, where he
remained until the first day of his trial (_ie_ , 22 January 2007).

9 During the trial, Tan testified that he had brought the Beretta to the Flat
for the sole purpose of “negotiating”[note: 1] with Lim. It was only after Lim
became abusive that Tan decided to rob him. Unexpectedly, while they were
alone in the study, Lim suddenly grabbed a chair and attacked Tan. A scuffle
ensued. Tan claimed that he panicked and his mind then went blank; he
“misfired”[note: 2] the first shot, but could not remember what happened
thereafter. To justify the homicide, Tan invoked the general exceptions of
intoxication, accident and the right of private defence. Tan also contended
that Risa could not possibly have witnessed the shooting of Lim. To
substantiate this allegation, he invited the Judge to visit the Flat. The
Judge, however, declined to do so, expressing his view that the photographs
and the sketch plans of the Flat were clear.

10 As mentioned earlier (at [2] above), Tan chose to appear in person during
the trial. He discharged his counsel before the preliminary inquiry and
refused to be represented by assigned counsel. This was despite his
allegations that while he was held in remand at CMC, he was kept in solitary
confinement, deprived of sunlight and suffered from depression. Given that
Tan’s psychiatric assessment was completed approximately two months after he
was first remanded at CMC, counsel for Tan in the present appeal, Mr Subhas
Anandan (“Mr Anandan”), argued before this court that Tan’s continued remand
at CMC for another five months after the completion of the psychiatric
assessment was oppressive and hampered Tan’s preparations for the trial.

11 Mr Anandan further contended on appeal that the Judge had summarily
dismissed Tan’s request for a lawyer towards the end of the trial. To put
matters into perspective, however, it bears mention that Tan had earlier
confirmed on several occasions throughout the proceedings (including on the
first day of the trial) that he did not wish to have legal representation.
Yet, after all the witnesses had been called and just prior to closing
submissions being made, Tan inquired of the Judge, “If I say I need a lawyer
how [_sic_]?”[note: 3] (see further [50] below). This request was not directly
addressed by the Judge in the Judgment as it was raised only on appeal. In the
circumstances, the question arose as to whether Tan’s right to counsel, which
is entrenched under Art 9(3) of the Constitution of the Republic of Singapore
(1999 Rev Ed) (“the Constitution”), had been contravened.

12 As we agreed with the reasoning of the Judge on the factual controversies,
we shall, in these grounds of decision, address only the legal issues that
merit elucidation (_ie_ , the issues outlined at [3] above).

**The defences raised by Tan**

**_The defence of intoxication_**

_The relevant statutory provisions_

13 The defence of intoxication is spelt out in ss 85–86 of the Penal Code, as
follows:

**Intoxication when a defence**

**85.** —(1) Except as provided in this section and in section 86,
intoxication shall not constitute a defence to any criminal charge.

(2) Intoxication shall be a defence to any criminal charge if by reason
thereof the person charged at the time of the act or omission complained of
did not know that such act or omission was wrong or did not know what he was
doing and —

(_a_) the state of intoxication was caused without his consent by the
malicious or negligent act of another person; or

(_b_) the person charged was, by reason of intoxication, insane, temporarily
or otherwise, at the time of such act or omission.

**Effect of intoxication when established**

**86.** —(1) Where the defence under section 85 is established, then in a case
falling under section 85(2)(_a_) the accused person shall be acquitted, and in
a case falling under section 85(2)(_b_), section 84 of this Code and sections
314 and 315 of the Criminal Procedure Code [(Cap 68, 1985 Rev Ed)] shall
apply.

(2) Intoxication shall be taken into account for the purpose of determining
whether the person charged had formed any intention, specific or otherwise, in
the absence of which he would not be guilty of the offence.

(3) For the purposes of this section and section 85 “intoxication” shall be
deemed to include a state produced by narcotics or drugs.

14 It has been rightly observed (in K L Koh, C M V Clarkson & N A Morgan,
_Criminal Law in Singapore and Malaysia: Text and Materials_ (Malayan Law
Journal Pte Ltd, 1989) (“Koh, Clarkson & Morgan”)) that from the perspective
of criminal responsibility (at p 232):

[A] person who commits a crime when involuntarily intoxicated should not be
blameworthy while one who voluntarily gets into a state of intoxication should
be responsible for his acts.

By way of historical background, it is pertinent to note that the current
provisions on intoxication were introduced only after amendments were made to
the Penal Code (SS Ord No 4 of 1871) in 1935 (via the Penal Code (Amendment No
2) Ordinance 1935 (SS Ord No 16 of 1935)). As pointed out in Stanley Yeo, Neil
Morgan & Chan Wing Cheong, _Criminal Law in Malaysia and Singapore_
(LexisNexis, 2007) (“Yeo, Morgan & Chan”) at para 25.5, these amendments
represented an attempt to codify the English common law on intoxication, _viz_
, the House of Lords decision of _Director of Public Prosecutions v Beard_
[1920] AC 479 (“ _Beard_ ”). In _Beard_ , Lord Birkenhead LC, who delivered
the leading judgment, observed at 500–502:

1\. [I]nsanity, whether produced by drunkenness or otherwise, is a defence to
the crime charged. …

…

2\. [E]vidence of drunkenness which renders the accused incapable of forming
the specific intent essential to constitute the crime should be taken into
consideration with the other facts proved in order to determine whether or not
he had this intent.

3\. [E]vidence of drunkenness falling short of a proved incapacity in the
accused to form the intent necessary to constitute the crime, and merely
establishing that his mind was affected by drink so that he more readily gave
way to some violent passion, does not rebut the presumption that a man intends
the natural consequences of his acts.

15 It is very clear, even from a literal comparison, that there are several
material differences between the principles laid down in _Beard_ on the one
hand and ss 85–86 of the Penal Code on the other (see also Koh, Clarkson &
Morgan at pp 233–240). This is significant in so far as judicial reliance on
the English position on intoxication is concerned, all the more so because the
principles set out in _Beard_ , although having undergone further refinement,
remain good law in England (see, _eg_ , _Director of Public Prosecutions v
Majewski_ [1977] AC 443). In the same vein, ss 85–86 of the Penal Code are a
substantial departure from ss 85–86 of the Indian Penal Code 1860 (Act 65 of
1860) (“the Indian Penal Code”), which is the statute upon which much of
Singapore’s Penal Code was modelled (see Stanley Yeo, “A Penal Code Reviser’s
Checklist” (2003) 23 Sing LR 115 at 117–118). The Indian provisions on
intoxication are as follows:

**85.** Nothing is an offence which is done by a person who, at the time of
doing it, is, by reason of intoxication, incapable of knowing the nature of
the act, or that he is doing what is either wrong or contrary to law: provided
that the thing which intoxicated him was administered to him without his
knowledge or against his will.

**86.** In cases where an act done is not an offence, unless done with a
particular knowledge or intent, a person who does the act in a state of
intoxication shall be liable to be dealt with as if he had the same knowledge
as he would have had if he had not been intoxicated, unless the thing which
intoxicated him was administered to him without his knowledge or against his
will.

16 What all this means is that considerable care must be taken before any
reliance is placed on English and Indian authorities in this area of the law.
The English position, for instance, places greater weight on the moral
turpitude of the accused in becoming intoxicated (see Yeo, Morgan & Chan at
para 25.6). The Indian position, on the other hand, focuses on whether
“intoxication produce[d] such a condition [that] the accused los[t] the
requisite intention for the offence” (see _Ratanlal & Dhirajlal’s Law of
Crimes: A Commentary on the Indian Penal Code 1860_ (C K Thakker & M C Thakker
eds) (Bharat Law House, 26th Ed, 2007) vol 1 (“ _Law of Crimes_ ”) at p 333).
Therefore, before we can even contemplate the relevance (if any) of English
and Indian jurisprudence, our focus must begin with _our_ Penal Code
provisions.

_The ways in which the defence of intoxication may be invoked_

17 There are essentially three avenues through which the defence of
intoxication (as set out in our Penal Code) can be raised (see Yeo, Morgan &
Chan ([14] _supra_) at para 25.3; see also Chan Wing Cheong, Michael Hor Yew
Meng & Victor V Ramraj, _Fundamental Principles of Criminal Law: Cases and
Materials_ (LexisNexis, 2005) at pp 351–360), namely:

(a) where a third party maliciously or negligently caused the accused to
become so intoxicated that the accused did not know his act to be wrong or did
not know what he was doing (see s 85(2)(_a_) of the Penal Code);

(b) where the accused was so severely intoxicated as to have been insane at
the time of the alleged crime (see s 85(2)(_b_) of the Penal Code); and

(c) where intoxication prevented the accused from forming the requisite _mens
rea_ of the offence in question (see s 86(2) of the Penal Code).

(1) Section 85(2)(a) of the Penal Code

18 Section 85(2)(_a_) of the Penal Code was _prima facie_ inapplicable on the
facts of this case as it was clear that any imbibing of alcohol by Tan leading
up to the shooting was completely of his own volition. Hence, the sole
question was whether Tan, as a result of his intoxication, was insane at the
time of the shooting (see s 85(2)(_b_)) or lacked the intention to cause
physical injury to Lim when he fired the Beretta (see s 86(2)).

(2) Section 85(2)(b) of the Penal Code

19 Section 85(2)(_b_) of the Penal Code raises an interesting and perhaps
hitherto judicially-unresolved point as to its relationship with s 84 of the
Penal Code, _viz_ , the defence of unsoundness of mind. For convenience, we
reproduce s 84, which reads as follows:

Nothing is an offence which is done by a person who, at the time of doing it,
by reason of unsoundness of mind, is incapable of knowing the nature of the
act, or that he is doing what is either wrong or contrary to law.

20 Indeed, s 85(2)(_b_) has been identified as problematic because it is also
not immediately clear if the alcohol-induced insanity alluded to in the
provision must be long-standing (_eg_ , _delirium tremens_) or whether it can
be merely transient (which the words in s 85(2)(_b_), “temporarily or
otherwise”, would ostensibly permit (see Yeo, Morgan & Chan ([14] _supra_) at
paras 25.32–25.35)). As an important aside, it should be noted that the
question of whether unsoundness of mind has been established for the purposes
of s 84 is ultimately a question of fact to be decided by the court in the
light of any relevant medical evidence (see _PP v Chia Moh Heng_ [2003] SGHC
108 at [6] and _PP v Han John Han_ [2007] 1 SLR 1180 at [6]).

21 Regarding the first point (_ie_ , the relationship between s 84 and s
85(2)(_b_) of the Penal Code), there are cases which imply that the concept of
insanity under s 85(2)(_b_) is synonymous with unsoundness of mind under s 84
(see, _eg_ , _PP v Tan Ho Teck_ [1987] SLR 226 (“ _Tan Ho Teck_ ”) at 238,
[34] and _PP v Jin Yugang_ [2003] SGHC 37 at [86]). It is noteworthy too that,
in the court below, the Judge, having considered the evidence of the expert
witnesses, concluded (at [86] of the Judgment):

[Tan] ... had not gone over the precipice of sanity. There was therefore no
_unsoundness of mind_ at the time of the shooting incident and s 85(2)(b) is
also not available to [Tan]. [emphasis added]

22 Are the concepts of “unsoundness of mind” under s 84 and insanity by reason
of intoxication under s 85(2)(_b_) precisely the same? There is perhaps some
element of persuasiveness in the following observations made in Yeo, Morgan &
Chan (at paras 25.26–25.27) that the two concepts are the same:

It is very likely that the choice of the word ‘insanity’ for s 85(2)(b) was
the result of sloppy drafting since it is difficult to identify any material
difference between ‘insanity’ under the _M’Naghten_ Rules [see _M’Naghten’s
Case_ (1843) 10 Cl & Fin 200; 8 ER 718] and ‘unsoundness of mind’ under s 84
of our Penal Code. The view of some commentators that [s 84], particularly in
relation to the concept of ‘disease of the mind’, is narrower than [s
85(2)(_b_)] is speculative and lacks the support of judicial authority. ...

… [T]he function served by [s 85(2)(_b_)] is not to increase the scope of the
defences of intoxication and unsoundness of mind, but to bring clarity to the
law. It does so by describing the circumstances when alcohol or drugs can
result in unsoundness of mind. Such a provision differentiates this type of
case from ones where the accused regains normalcy as soon as the intoxication
wears off. ...

23 On the other hand, it has been forcefully contended in Lee Kiat Seng, “Case
Notes: Public Prosecutor v. Tan Ho Teck” [1990] 2 SAcLJ 332 at 335 that:

Under s 84 the accused has to prove that this state of mind [_ie_ , the state
of not knowing the nature of his act or not knowing that what he was doing was
wrong] was due to unsoundness of mind, whereas under s 85 the accused has to
prove instead that his state of mind was due to intoxication. This
intoxication has, in addition, to have caused insanity. Thus, it can be seen
that although the two provisions are very similar in that there is no
perceivable difference between the prerequisite state of mind of the accused,
the cause of this state of mind to be proved is different. Here the line must
be drawn between unsoundness of mind and the notion of insanity under s 85.

24 We are of the view that the two concepts – _viz_ , unsoundness of mind in s
84 on the one hand and insanity by reason of intoxication in s 85(2)(_b_) on
the other – are indeed different. One should not be too astute to attribute
statutory superfluousness to Parliament where the use of the word “insane” in
s 85(2)(_b_) is concerned. Section 85(2)(_b_) refers to a different basis for
exoneration from that afforded by s 84 as the former is grounded on
intoxication-induced insanity. In contrast, the unsoundness of mind embraced
by s 84 refers to an abnormal state of mind that covers diseases and
deficiencies of the mind, both of which are invariably permanent conditions.
The reference to “temporarily or otherwise” in s 85(2)(_b_) is neither
accidental nor superfluous. These words do not refer merely to the temporary
symptoms or effects of intoxication. Rather, they refer to an abnormal state
of mind that can, _inter alia_ , be transient. In short, s 85(2)(_b_)
reinforces the point that an otherwise normal person can, under the influence
of drink or drugs, become so intoxicated that he becomes legally “insane”.
This condition of insanity can be transient, as opposed to the unsoundness of
mind envisaged in s 84, which _must_ be permanent.

25 Our view, as just stated in the preceding paragraph, also addresses the
question posed at [20] above, _viz_ , whether the intoxication-induced
insanity referred to in s 85(2)(_b_) must be permanent or whether it can be
transient. In deciding on this particular point, we found it useful to return
to the underlying philosophy underpinning the defence of intoxication. It is
undoubtedly true that an accused person who commits a crime while suffering
from unsoundness of mind or without the requisite _mens rea_ should not be
viewed as meriting the same sanction as a person who commits a crime while of
sound mind and/or while having the requisite _mens rea_. The phrase
“temporarily or otherwise” in s 85(2)(_b_) cannot but mean that even transient
episodes of intoxication-induced insanity are to be considered as being
embraced by s 85(2)(_b_). The provision could apply to an accused even if he
does not have a prior mental illness or pre-existing mental deficiency. It
should not be restricted in its application, as has been suggested (see, _eg_
, the quotation at [22] above), to an accused suffering from a mental disorder
who experiences normalcy between his bouts of illnesses. Why should s
85(2)(_b_) be thus restricted given that an accused who lacks the requisite
_mens rea_ by reason of s 86(2) is entitled to an acquittal? To be clear, this
does not necessarily mean that an accused who succeeds in proving
intoxication-induced insanity under s 85(2)(_b_) will be completely exonerated
and therefore remain at liberty to commit more mischief or crime. An accused
who can become _insane_ (whether temporarily or otherwise) under the influence
of drink or drugs is a danger to society, and consideration needs to be given
to how future recurrent instances of “insane” homicide by such an accused can
be prevented. Indeed, s 86(1) of the Penal Code prescribes that if an accused
successfully invokes s 85(2)(_b_), “section 84 of this Code [_ie_ , the Penal
Code] and sections 314 and 315 of the Criminal Procedure Code shall apply”. In
particular, s 315(1) of the Criminal Procedure Code requires the trial court,
where it has found that the accused did commit the act in question, to “order
[the accused] to be kept in safe custody in such place and manner as the court
thinks fit” after the trial; this provision gives the trial court the option
of ordering the accused to be, _inter alia_ , confined in a mental hospital.
Given the penal consequences that flow from a successful invocation of s
85(2)(_b_), it is not surprising that this provision will seldom be invoked by
defence counsel if s 86(2) can be successfully relied on. Nevertheless, s
85(2)(_b_) does have its uses, as illustrated by cases such as _Tan Ho Teck_
([21] _supra_), which concerned an accused with a prior history of mental
problems (the defence provided by s 85(2)(_b_) was successfully invoked in
that case). As such, notwithstanding the rather limited utility of s
85(2)(_b_) and the practical reasons militating against its invocation, this
provision should not be narrowly interpreted. We prefer to afford statutory
defences greater interpretative latitude provided the interpretation adopted
dovetails, in the final analysis, with both the letter and the intent of the
provisions concerned.

26 On the facts of this appeal, Tan could not prove, clinically or otherwise,
that he was suffering from intoxication-induced insanity to such a degree that
he did not know that his actions were wrong or did not know what he was doing.
We thus agreed with the Judge that the essential ingredients of s 85(2)(_b_)
of the Penal Code were not satisfied.

(3) Section 86(2) of the Penal Code

27 We turn now to s 86(2) of the Penal Code, which is the last of the three
avenues through which intoxication may be raised as a defence (see [17]
above). Two requirements must be met before this subsection can be
successfully invoked. First, the accused must show evidence of his
intoxication. In this regard, objective evidence of the accused’s level of
intoxication is crucial (see _Jin Yugang v PP_ [2003] SGCA 22 at [32]).
Second, even if the accused can prove that he had consumed a considerable
amount of alcohol, the surrounding facts must show that he was so intoxicated
that he could not form the intention which is a necessary element of the
alleged offence (see _Mohd Sulaiman v PP_ [1994] 2 SLR 465 (“ _Mohd Sulaiman_
”) at 474, [31]).

28 Unfortunately for Tan, the expert evidence did not take his defence under s
86(2) very far. Dr Munidasa Winslow (“Dr Winslow”), a senior consultant
psychiatrist from the Institute of Mental Health who testified for Tan,
concluded in his report dated 6 March 2007 that “despite the possibility of
intoxication, [Tan’s] ability to form intent was not impaired, and there was
no evidence of any alcohol related psychotic process”.[note: 4] Dr Winslow
affirmed this conclusion while testifying in court, noting that “to be really
intoxicated [such] that you cannot form an intent, usually [the] blood alcohol
[level] will be about 200 milligrams per decilitre [of] blood or thereabout[s]
and I did not find evidence of that in [Tan]”.[note: 5]

_Whether Tan could avail himself of the defence of intoxication_

29 Indeed, there was nothing at all about Tan’s conduct on that fateful day
that attested to his having been so intoxicated at the material time that he
could not form the requisite _mens rea_. On the contrary, Tan knew exactly
what he wanted from the outset, and had Lim and Lim’s family firmly under his
control; after Lim was shot, Tan even had the presence of mind to dispose of
the Beretta and escape to Malaysia. In our view, it was plain that this
defence was entirely without merit.

**_The defence of accident_**

30 Section 80 of the Penal Code states:

Nothing is an offence which is done by accident or misfortune, and without any
criminal intention or knowledge, in the doing of a lawful act in a lawful
manner, by lawful means, and with proper care and caution.

This provision operates as an exception to criminal liability in that, as
explained in _Law of Crimes_ ([16] _supra_) at p 287, it:

... exempts the doer of an innocent or [a] lawful act in an innocent or [a]
lawful manner from any unforeseen evil result that may ensue from accident or
misfortune. … The primordial requirement … is that the act should have been
done with ‘proper care and caution’.

Indeed, “the accused’s conduct and its effect remain wrongful but the criminal
law is prepared to exculpate him or her for that wrong on account of the
extenuating circumstances comprising the accident” (see Yeo, Morgan & Chan
([14] _supra_) at para 18.3). For this defence to succeed, four rigorous
conditions have to be fulfilled, namely:

(a) the act done by the accused must be the result of “accident or misfortune”
(see s 80 of the Penal Code);

(b) the said act must be done “without any criminal intention or knowledge”
(_ibid_);

(c) the said act must be lawful, and must be performed “in a lawful manner, by
lawful means” (_ibid_); and

(d) the said act must be done “with proper care and caution” (_ibid_).

31 In the present case, it was glaringly obvious that, _inter alia_ , the
third and fourth of the above conditions had not been satisfied. To begin
with, Tan had no lawful reason to carry the Beretta with him and force his way
into the Flat on that fateful morning. As the Judge rightly observed (at [93]
of the Judgment), everything that Tan did in the Flat that morning was
unlawful, regardless of whether he had intended to ask Lim for a loan or to
collect a debt from the latter or to merely force Lim to negotiate – in fact,
according to Tan himself, he had intended to rob Lim (see [9] above). It is
true that “lawful act” for the purposes of s 80 is not defined in the Penal
Code. In this regard, some Indian courts have adopted the English common law
view that unlawful conduct may take the form of either conduct which is
unlawful in itself (_ie_ , crimes _malum in se_) or conduct which would not be
a crime except for legislation stipulating it to be such (_ie_ , crimes _malum
prohibitum_) (see Yeo, Morgan & Chan at para 18.14). We think that there is
merit in this approach as it offers a useful touchstone to assess the legality
or otherwise of the act in question. In the instant case, Tan’s actions fell
within both categories and clearly could not amount to “lawful act[s]” within
the meaning of s 80 of the Penal Code. Furthermore, they could not by any
stretch of (even) wild imagination be said to have been done with “proper care
and caution” (_ibid_). For these reasons alone, the defence of accident would
fail.

32 In any event, the Judge’s determination that there was no chance at all
that the six shots from the Beretta had been misfired was, simply put,
irrefutable. According to David Loo Chee Long, an arms specialist from the
Police Logistics Department, a force of 12 _lb_ was required to pull the
trigger of the Beretta if the hammer was not cocked; if the hammer was cocked,
the force required was 4 _lb_. Since the Beretta did not have an automatic
discharge function which allowed it to discharge more than one round at a
time, the firing of six shots required, in the words of the Judge, “determined
deliberateness” (see the Judgment at [94]). As the Judge went on to incisively
remark (_ibid_):

Even if the first shot was fired with the hammer cocked … the subsequent five
shots must have been fired when the hammer was not cocked … If the subsequent
shots were fired when the hammer was cocked each time, it begs the question
[of] why the act of cocking the hammer was done five times continuously and
accidentally during a fight. It was even more remarkable that five out of six
accidental shots could hit [Lim] in various parts of his body from both front
and back and from various angles.

33 Such a conclusion must be correct. Even though there was only one
eyewitness to the shooting (_ie_ , Risa), it is imperative to remember that,
based on the evidence of Ms Lim Chin Chin (“Ms Lim”), Senior Forensic
Scientist, at least two of the shots from the Beretta had been fired at a
muzzle-to-target distance of more than 1m. This dispelled the notion that the
shots had been fired inadvertently during a desperate struggle between Tan and
Lim. While Tan also attempted to argue that there were inconsistencies between
the experts’ opinions, we were not convinced that any material inconsistencies
existed. Specifically, Tan pointed out that Dr Teo Eng Swee (“Dr Teo”), the
forensic pathologist who performed the autopsy on Lim, had stated that Lim’s
head might have been pressed against a hard surface when the final shot was
fired, whereas Ms Lim had stated that Lim was probably standing near the piano
in the study at that time. On a plain reading of these two opinions, it was
difficult to accept the contention that there was a material contradiction
between these two expert witnesses’ evidence. It would have been quite
different if the two experts had differed on where Lim actually was when the
final shot was fired. However, this was not the case.

34 It is trite law that a scenario which favours the accused should be
preferred in cases where multiple inferences may be drawn from the same set of
facts (see _Tai Chai Keh v PP_ (1948–49) MLJ Supp 105 at 108 and _PP v Chee
Cheong Hin Constance_ [2006] 2 SLR 24 (“ _Constance_ _Chee_ ”) at [85]). In
the present case, however, there was, in the final analysis, _no other
inference_ to be drawn as to how the Beretta could have discharged six rounds,
with five bullets hitting Lim in his left thigh, his left arm, his back, his
right cheek and his right temple respectively, other than the sole inference
that Tan had fired the shots with the intention of hurting or killing Lim. It
was inconceivable that Lim could have been merely incapacitated after five
bullet wounds when Dr Teo had opined that either the shot to the back or the
shot to the right temple would have killed Lim almost instantly. We inferred
that some of these rounds had been discharged when Lim was no longer capable
of defending himself, _ie_ , such shots could only have been fired with the
intention to hurt or kill Lim. Even if we excluded Risa’s evidence (which we
did not), the cumulative effect of all the circumstantial evidence led us to
the irresistible conclusion that Tan had shot Lim with the intent to cause
physical injury. In reaching this conclusion, we agreed with the measured
approach adopted in _Sunny Ang v PP_ [1966] 2 MLJ 195 (at 195) on the utility
of circumstantial evidence. We also endorse the High Court’s summary of
principles expressed in _Constance Chee_ (at [85]):

The various links in the interlocking chain of evidence must establish a
complete chain that rules out any reasonable likelihood of an accused’s
innocence. Guilt must be the only rational inference and conclusion to be
drawn from the complete chain of evidence. In assessing the circumstances, the
court should discount fanciful or speculative possibilities.

**_The right of private defence_**

35 With regard to the third and final defence pleaded by Tan, _viz_ , the
right of private defence, the basic premise is set out in s 96 of the Penal
Code as follows:

Nothing is an offence which is done in the exercise of the right of private
defence.

The relevant provisions of the Penal Code which delineate the limits of this
defence actually span 11 sections (namely, ss 96–106), and cover both defence
of the body as well as defence of property. These provisions have been
colourfully (and quite correctly) described as complex, disorganised and
illogical in sequence (see Yeo, Morgan & Chan ([14] _supra_) at para 20.1 and
Lee Kiat Seng, “Two Aspects of Private Defence” (1996) 8 SAcLJ 343 at 346).

36 It is useful to establish from the outset the principle that underlies this
defence. An Indian perspective – which is instructive because the provisions
in the Indian Penal Code on the right of private defence employ the same
language as that of the corresponding provisions in our Penal Code – is
provided in _Law of Crimes_ ([16] _supra_) at pp 371–372, as follows:

[When] an individual or his property is faced with a danger and immediate aid
from the State machinery is not readily available, that individual is entitled
to protect himself and his property. The right of private defence is available
only to one who is suddenly confronted with the necessity of averting an
impending danger not of self creation. That being so, the necessary corollary
is that the violence which the citizen defending himself or his property is
entitled to use must not be unduly disproportionate to the injury which is
sought to be averted or which is reasonably apprehended and should not exceed
its legitimate purpose. The means and the force a threatened person adopts at
the spur of the moment to ward off the danger and to save himself or his
property cannot be weighed in golden scales. It is neither possible nor
prudent to lay down abstract parameters to determine whether the means and
force adapted by the threatened person was proper or not.

…

... The right of private defence is purely preventive and not punitive or
retributive. The right of self-defence is not a right to take revenge nor is
it a right of reprisal. It does not permit retaliation. It is a right which in
fact is meant to ward off the danger of being attacked but the danger must be
so imminent, potent and real that it cannot be averted otherwise than by a
counter attack. … [A]s soon as the cause for reasonable apprehension has
disappeared and the threat has been destroyed or has been put to rout, there
can be no occasion to exercise the right of private defence.

37 A similar view is provided in _Ratanlal & Dhirajlal’s_ _The Indian Penal
Code_ (Y V Chandrachud _et al_ eds) (Wadhwa & Company, 31st Ed, 2006) (“ _The
Indian Penal Code_ ”) at p 406:

The need of self preservation is rooted in the doctrine of necessity and it is
the law of necessity to which a party may have recourse under certain
situations to prevent greater personal injury which he may apprehend.
Instantaneous defensive action means a degree of necessity. Therefore, the
right of self defence is based on necessity and without such necessity the
right to resort thereto does not exist.

38 It is also well known that when the Indian provisions on the right of
private defence were drafted, the drafters consciously provided greater
latitude for the exercise of this right than that provided under English law.
As stated in Koh, Clarkson & Morgan ([14] _supra_) at pp 120–121 (quoting from
Macaulay, _The Works of Lord Macaulay_ (1898) vol 2 (“Macaulay”) at pp 55–56):

It may be thought that we [_ie_ , the drafters of the Indian Penal Code] have
allowed too great a latitude to the exercise of this right; and we are
ourselves of opinion that if we had been framing laws for a bold and high-
spirited people, accustomed to take the law into their own hand, and to go
beyond the line of moderation in repelling the injury, it would have been fit
to provide additional restrictions. In this country the danger is on the other
side; the people are too little disposed to help themselves; the patience with
which they submit to the cruel depredations of gang-robbers and to trespass
and mischief committed in the most outrageous manner by bands of ruffians, is
one of the most remarkable, and at the same time one of the most discouraging
symptoms which the state of society in India presents to us. Under these
circumstances we are desirous rather to rouse and encourage a manly spirit
among the people than to multiply restrictions on the exercise of the right of
self-defence.

39 While the reasonable limits prescribed for the right of private defence
will inevitably vary in a myriad of differing factual circumstances, it is
imperative to first identify correctly the legal requirements which govern the
existence or accrual of this right. It has been suggested (in Yeo, Morgan &
Chan ([14] _supra_) at para 20.7) – and we agree – that there are two
preconditions which must be satisfied before the right of private defence
arises, namely:

(a) the person purporting to exercise the right of private defence (the
“defender”) must have been the subject of an offence (see s 97 of the Penal
Code); and

(b) the defender must have attempted to seek help from the relevant public
authorities if there was _a reasonable opportunity_ for him to do so (see s
99(3) of the Penal Code).

In the present case, it was plain that both of these preconditions had not
been met. Tan had not been the subject of any offence committed by Lim; on the
contrary, it was Tan who was committing an offence against Lim. There was
nothing to suggest that Tan made any attempt to seek help from the public
authorities although he could easily have done so if he had been genuinely
alarmed by Lim’s alleged threat to send someone to kill him (see [5] above).
As such, we agreed with the Judge’s ruling that Tan could not avail himself of
the right of private defence. That said, there are nevertheless two aspects of
the Judge’s decision that require further clarification.

40 First, at [96] of the Judgment, the Judge cited _Soosay v PP_ [1993] 3 SLR
272 (“ _Soosay_ ”) as embodying a judicial distillation of the elements of the
right of private defence. In _Soosay_ , the defender (“S”) was charged with
murder for stabbing a person (“L”) to death. Together with a friend (“K”), S
had confronted L after suspecting the latter of stealing a watch and money
belonging to another friend. On being confronted, L became abusive and drew
out a knife. K ran away, but S kicked L and fought with him. In the course of
the fight, S killed L by stabbing him several times with his (_ie_ , L’s)
knife. The Court of Criminal Appeal dismissed S’s appeal against his
conviction for murder. The court held (at 281, [29]) that, in order to
establish the right of private defence, the defender had to prove on a balance
of probabilities that:

(a) the right of private defence had arisen;

(b) the right was exercised in good faith;

(c) the death of the person against whom the right was exercised (the
“victim”) was caused without premeditation; and

(d) the victim’s death was caused without any intention of doing more harm
than was necessary for the purposes of private defence.

On the facts, it was held that, although S had acted in good faith in
defending himself, his right of private defence had ceased the moment the
knife was dislodged from L’s hold. When S took possession of the knife, there
was no longer any apprehension of danger to his life, and, even if the right
of private defence had not ceased at that point, it had been far exceeded by
S’s subsequent conduct.

41 One must bear in mind, however, that the court in _Soosay_ , when it laid
down the four requirements mentioned in the preceding paragraph, was
ultimately dealing with Exception 2 to the offence of murder under s 300 of
the Penal Code (“Exception 2”). This exception reads as follows:

Culpable homicide is not murder if the offender, in the exercise _in good
faith_ of the right of private defence of person or property, exceeds the
power given to him by law, and causes the death of the person against whom he
is exercising such right of defence, _without premeditation_ and without any
intention of doing more harm than is necessary for the purpose of such
defence. [emphasis added]

This observation is important because whereas s 96 of the Penal Code operates
as a general defence that will acquit an accused (_ie_ , the defender)
entirely of any offence, Exception 2 operates only as a defence to the
specific offence of murder and does not exonerate the accused from liability
for culpable homicide not amounting to murder, which is punishable under s 304
of the Penal Code. As a matter of logic, this must mean that it is more
difficult to plead the general exception of the right to private defence as
compared to Exception 2, even though the relationship between the two defences
is, without question, a very close one (see Yeo, Morgan & Chan ([14] _supra_)
at para 21.1 and _The Indian Penal Code_ ([37] _supra_) at p 1299; see also
[42] below). Furthermore, the elements of the defence under s 96 and those of
the defence under Exception 2 are different. The lack of premeditation does
not feature in the scheme of ss 96–106 of the Penal Code. The same can be said
of good faith, which is a requirement under Exception 2 but not under s 96
(except for the purposes of Illustration (_b_) to s 98 and ss 99(1)–99(2))
(see, however, Koh, Clarkson & Morgan ([14] _supra_) at p 120, where it is
stated (quoting from Macaulay ([38] _supra_) at pp 55–56) that the drafters of
ss 96–106 of the Indian Penal Code “propose[d] ... to except from the
operation of the penal clauses of the code large classes of acts done in _good
faith_ for the purpose of repelling unlawful aggressions” [emphasis added]).
As such, the Judge’s reliance on _Soosay_ – which is, strictly speaking,
better suited as an authority on Exception 2 – as authority for the right of
private defence is not altogether appropriate.

42 We acknowledge, however, that the relationship between the defences
provided by s 96 and by Exception 2, respectively, is a very close one (see
also [41] above). The learned authors of Yeo, Morgan & Chan have helpfully
provided (at para 21.12) a theoretical framework, which we agree with, as to
how the two defences could apply in a situation where the defender has killed
a person (_ie_ , the victim) while purporting to exercise the right of private
defence:

(1) Were there circumstances giving rise to the right of private defence? If
‘yes’ both the general plea of private defence and Exception 2 may be
available. If ‘no’ both pleas are unavailable and the inquiry is at an end.

(2) Was the [defender] confronted with one of the specific types of threats
mentioned in ss 100 or 103 [of the Penal Code], and did his or her act of
killing constitute no more harm than was necessary to inflict for the purpose
of private defence? If ‘yes’ the general plea of general defence is likely to
be available. If ‘no’ the general plea is unavailable but Exception 2 may be
available.

(3) Was the [defender]’s act of killing done without premeditation and without
an intention of doing more harm than was necessary for the purpose of private
defence? If ‘yes’ Exception 2 is likely to be available. If ‘no’ the defence
is unavailable.

The second of the scenarios postulated above presupposes, of course, that ss
97and 99(3) of the Penal Code are fulfilled where the defender seeks to rely
on s 96 of the Penal Code, as opposed to Exception 2 (_id_ at para 20.48). It
should also be noted that the “specific types of threats mentioned in ss 100
or 103 [of the Penal Code]” (_id_ at para 21.12) are predicated on the concept
of whether the defender had reasonable cause to apprehend death or grievous
hurt at the material time.

43 The second aspect of the Judge’s decision on the right of private defence
which we wish to address is the Judge’s reliance on _Mohd Sulaiman_ ([27]
_supra_) (which also cited by the Court of Appeal in _Mohd Iskandar bin Mohd
Ali v PP_ [1995] SGCA 86) as authority for the legal proposition that “it is
inconceivable for an assailant to have a right of private defence against
someone legitimately exercising his right of private defence against the
assailant” (see [99] of the Judgment). The Judge held that since Tan had
plainly been the aggressor at the material time, the right of private defence
was inapplicable to the latter. His reasons for this conclusion, as set out in
the Judgment, were as follows:

93 ... [Tan] was already in the process of robbing [Lim] and his family when
[Lim] allegedly retaliated by attacking him [_ie_ , Tan] when he returned to
the study room. Even if so, [Lim] was doing no more than exercising his right
of private defence of his body, of the body of his wife, daughter and domestic
help [_ie_ , Risa], and of his property against an armed robber who had
trespassed into his home and who appeared ready and able to inflict death or
grievous hurt … [Tan] was still strutting about the [F]lat in a most menacing
manner, with knife and pistol [_ie_ , the Beretta] in his hands …

...

97 ... Plainly, [Tan] was the agitated aggressor …

…

99 On the law, it is inconceivable for an assailant to have a right of private
defence against someone legitimately exercising his right of private defence
against the assailant. … If it were otherwise, the right of private defence
would swing back and forth infinitely between victim and assailant like a
perplexed pendulum. ...

44 In other words, the Judge held that, while Lim would have been justified in
causing harm or even death to Tan in the exercise of Lim’s right of private
defence (although Lim was found not to have used a chair to attack Tan (see
[9] above and [99] of the Judgment)), the same defence (_ie_ , the right of
private defence) could not have been of avail to Tan. The Indian cases seem to
echo the same point, _viz_ , the defender generally has no right of private
defence where he is the aggressor (see _Halsbury’s Laws of India_ vol 5(1)
(LexisNexis Butterworths, 2006) at para 105.172). Hence, if the victim is
attempting to defend himself (pursuant to his right of private defence), the
defender/aggressor cannot invoke the right of private defence even if he is
injured by the victim (_ibid_). Further, if deadly weapons are used by the
defender/aggressor, “the intention of the [defender/aggressor] is clearly
discernible and the right to private defence will not be sustained” (_ibid_).

45 As stated earlier (at [39] above), on the facts of the present case, we
agreed with the Judge that Tan could not avail himself of the right of private
defence. However, we would not go so far as to say that this right will
_never_ be available to a defender where he is also the initial aggressor;
much will depend on the facts of the particular case at hand (see further [46]
below).

46 We would also add that, on a more faithful rendition of ss 96–106 of the
Penal Code, a modified sequence of the _conjunctive_ requirements which must
be satisfied in order to establish the _general exception_ of the right to
private defence of _the body_ (as adapted from Yeo, Morgan & Chan ([14]
_supra_) at para 20.48) is as follows:

(a) Save for the situation where the defender is defending himself against an
act of a person of unsound mind (see s 98 of the Penal Code), the defender
must show that an offence affecting the human body has been committed or is
reasonably apprehended. This is to conform to the first of the preconditions
mentioned at [39] above, _viz_ , s 97 of the Penal Code.

(b) The defender must show that there was no time to seek the protection of
public authorities. This is to conform to the second precondition stated at
[39] above, _viz_ , s 99(3) of the Penal Code. The test for whether the
defender had time to have recourse to the protection of the public authorities
is an objective one. In this regard, it should be noted that the Indian cases
appear, quite correctly, to equate the words “time to have recourse to the
protection of the public authorities” (see s 99(3) of the Penal Code) with
“reasonable opportunity of redress by recourse to the public authorities” (see
_Law of Crimes_ ([16] _supra_) at p 406). Further, the defender should not be
expected to seek the protection of the public authorities if the time needed
to do so would result in the mischief being completed (see _The Indian Penal
Code_ ([37] _supra_) at p 459).

(c) If the defender was the aggressor at the material time, it is _prima
facie_ less likely that he had a right of private defence (_cf_ the Indian
position, which seemingly makes no room at all for a defender/aggressor to
invoke this right (see [44] above; see also _The Indian Penal Code_ at p
411)). Much would depend on the factual matrix of the case: if, for instance
the defender was armed with a deadly weapon from the outset, it is very
unlikely that the right of private defence would ever arise.

(d) The defender must prove that, at the time of acting in private defence, he
reasonably apprehended danger due to an attempt or a threat by the victim to
commit an offence affecting the body. This is a subjective test (the Indian
position is the same in this regard (see _The Indian Penal Code_ at p 406)).

(e) Where the defender has killed the victim, he has to prove that the offence
which occasioned the exercise of the right of private defence was one of the
offences listed in s 100, namely:

(i) an assault “as may reasonably cause the apprehension that death will
otherwise be the consequence of such assault” (see s 100(_a_))

(ii) an assault “as may reasonably cause the apprehension that grievous harm
will otherwise be the consequence of such assault” (see s 100(_b_))

(iii) an assault with the intention of committing rape (see s 100(_c_));

(iv) an assault with the intention of gratifying unnatural lust (see s
100(_d_));

(v) an assault with the intention of kidnapping or abducting (see s 100(_e_));
and

(vi) an assault with the intention of wrongfully confining a person, under
circumstances which may reasonably cause him to apprehend that he will be
unable to have recourse to the public authorities for his release (see s
100(_f_)).

If the defender is unable to show that he exercised his right of private
defence owing to one or more of the offences listed in s 100, his right of
private defence will not extend to the causing of the victim’s death, although
s 101 would still permit him to cause “any harm other than death” to the
victim.

(f) The defender must prove that the harm caused to the victim was reasonably
necessary in private defence. Due allowance should be given to the dire
circumstances under which the defender was acting.

This approach seeks to strike an appropriate balance between _criminally_
harmful conduct and _justifiably_ harmful conduct arising out of the defence
of the person. We would like to stress that, notwithstanding the foregoing
guidelines, whether the right of private defence has arisen and, if so,
whether it has been exceeded in a particular case ultimately depends on all
the relevant circumstances of the case.

**_Our findings on the defences raised by Tan_**

47 Having explicated the relevant principles, we now summarise our views on
the substantive defences raised by Tan. In brief, we affirmed the Judge’s
decision to reject all three defences (_ie_ , the defence of intoxication, the
defence of accident and the right of private defence), and, consequently, the
decision that Tan had failed to rebut the statutory presumption set out in s
4(2) of the Arms Offences Act. Tan had simply failed to adduce sufficient –
or, more accurately, any – evidence to rebut that presumption, and his bare
denials of any intention to cause Lim physical injury carried no weight (see
_Tay Chin Wah v PP_ [2001] 3 SLR 27 at [10]). We now turn to address the
issues relating to procedural fairness which were raised on Tan’s behalf
before this court.

**The issues relating to procedural fairness**

**_The right to counsel_**

48 Dealing, first, with Tan’s right to counsel, the argument made by Mr
Anandan was that the Judge should have suggested to Tan that he use state-
assigned counsel to assist him with his closing submissions. The failure of
the Judge to do this, _combined_ with the other two aspects of alleged
procedural unfairness (_viz_ , the conditions of remand which Tan faced and
the Judge’s decision not to visit the crime scene despite Tan’s request that
he do so (see [2] above)), meant that a retrial was necessary.

_The context in which Tan’s right to counsel arose_

49 It is important to make clear from the outset the context in which Tan made
his request for a lawyer. Several points need to be borne in mind, namely:

(a) Tan made this request only after both the Prosecution and the Defence
(_ie_ , Tan himself) had completed the examination of witnesses, _ie_ , only
closing submissions were due by the time the request was made;

(b) Tan had confirmed at least twice before the trial that he did not want a
lawyer, and he confirmed this again twice on the first day of the trial; and

(c) Tan had chosen to discharge his counsel before the preliminary inquiry as
he claimed that counsel would be unable to assist him.

50 It is equally important to examine the exchange which took place between
the Judge and Tan when the latter made his request for a lawyer. For ease of
reference, we reproduce below the relevant portions of the certified
transcript of the notes of evidence of the trial (“the Notes of
Evidence”):[note: 6]

Court: So next week, on ... Thursday, the 3rd of May, we will resume again,
this time it’s for submissions. Okay? I think I have explained to you already
what you need to do and I have already asked the DPP [_ie_ , Deputy Public
Prosecutor Edwin San (“DPP San”)] to prepare the submissions the last time. I
think you have had a copy for more than 3 weeks already, right?

[Tan]: Yes.

Court: Okay. So you –

[Tan]: But Your Honour, I got [_sic_] one problem.

Court: Yes.

[Tan]: I cannot write my submission, I think one page only, have [_sic_] so
many page[s].

Court: What do you mean you can’t write?

[Tan]: My knowledge not enough to use [_sic_].

Court: Well, I asked you from day 1 whether you want[ed] a lawyer, but you
said you [didn’t] want. So I can’t – I can’t do anything else now. Okay, so
you just have to do your best.

[Tan]: Cannot push.

Court: Yes?

[Tan]: Cannot lah, because I see the submission already, that is out of my
knowledge already.

Court: _Well, it was a choice you made. I kept asking you are you sure you
want to defend yourself in person, you said yes._

[Tan]: _Defend, but I don’t know that want [sic]_ _to write, have to write so
many things, I don’t know. I think only just defend by asking, answer[ing]
these questions okay already [sic]._

Court: No, I don’t need you to write everything.

[Tan]: Oh, you don’t need?

Court: What I mean is for you to – I give you pen and pencil, so that you can
put all your thoughts down. Make it easier for you when you come back to
Court. I am not asking you to make a written reply, if that’s what you mean.

[Tan]: But only that the submission not [_sic_] like the DPP write so many
page[s] like that, no need lah?

Court: No need, no need. You can – you can just come to Court and tell me what
is it you want to submit on. Right. I [will] ask the prison authorities to
give you pen and paper so that you can write down your thoughts, that’s all.

[Tan]: Uh.

…

Court: Okay?

[Tan]: Yah, okay.

Court: Okay. So you have to be prepared for next Thursday’s submissions.

[Tan]: Next Thursday.

Court: Okay.

[Tan]: Okay.

Court: Will you be making any additional points, Mr San?

[DPP] San: No, your Honour, I think we stick by our submissions which we have
tendered.

Court: Okay. So you will not be – sorry, so the DPP will not be adding
anything else to what he has already submitted and given to you.

[Tan]: Okay.

Court: Okay? So you can make your notes on the DPP’s submissions or you can
make your own notes, whatever.

…

[Tan]: _If I say I need a lawyer how [sic]?_

Court: I sug – just explained to you [that] from day one I kept asking you,
“Do you want a lawyer” and you kept saying, “No”.

[Tan]: No, you know, you must understand what – what –

Court: Yes.

[Tan]: – why is [_sic_] I facing the problem. Do you know ... why I don’t want
a lawyer? Before I come to this Court, in the Sub Court there I was remand[ed]
in CMC. If I take a lawyer they all never transfer me to QRP, so I don’t want
[to] take [a] lawyer. Because all the remandee[s] would remand [_sic_] in QRP.
Why I [_sic_] so special put [_sic_] in CMC? Then the Sub Court ... order put
me to C – QRP don’t know which one is [_sic_] obey court order, “Put you to
CMC”. Can you help me to check out this person, who is that?

Court: Sorry, what – what is CMC?

[Tan]: CMC means Changi Prison.

Court: Okay.

[Tan]: Uh. Who is the one to disobey court order, put me to CMC, please?

Court: … I don’t quite follow what [this has] got to do with your request now
for a lawyer?

[Tan]: No, no, you see, that time before all the remandee[s] lock [_sic_] up
in Q – er, remand QRP, er, but I different [_sic_]. They brought me to CM – C
– CMC.

[DPP] San: Your Honour, Mr Tan is deliberately being devious, your Honour. I
remember during the [preliminary inquiry] and during the – during this –
before this trial, your Honour, your Honour, he had ample opportunities to get
a lawyer. So whether he [was] in the CMC or the QRP, it makes no difference. I
– I – I think he’s just trying to mislead the Court, your Honour.

[Tan]: No misuse. This one I [_sic_] facing the special treatment. So that I
confused [_sic_]. Where got [_sic_] law in this country?

…

Court: Well, the registry offered you [a] defence lawyer, right? But you told
the prison authorities you [didn’t] want a lawyer. Right?

[Tan]: Yes, because [at] that time he put me in CMC. If I took a lawyer he
never transfer [_sic_] me to QRP. You know, the CMC there under – I got locked
up [for] 200 over day[s] never see sun [_sic_]. Not – never see the – see the
sun before, 200 over day[s].

Court: You see, you never ma[d]e any other request from the time you were
charged in Court until now?

[Tan]: Have.

Court: Huh?

[Tan]: I have already mentioned in the Sub Court but they all don’t bother.
They all say what? Ask my doc – lawyer to say. So I cannot speak. So I
discharged my lawyer. From the beginning I ... engaged a lawyer. But the judge
Sub – Sub Court I want to explain my problem he said, “No, you ask your lawyer
to come”. Then my lawyer said, “This one is the regulation”. I [said],
“Different”. I [said], “I got lock[ed] up [in] isolation what [_sic_] – not
keep under the sun. This one is not suitable for human being [_sic_]”. But he
said he [couldn’t] do anything. I [said] then – then means what [_sic_], I
discharged my lawyer. I want to talk to the judge. But he don’t bother me.
Until now [_sic_] I got the chance to say.

…

[Tan]: No prisoner – I think you can check I think the remandee[s] all can mix
together, but I only [_sic_] different.

Court: Well, I –

[Tan]: Why?

Court: I believe the prison authorities must have its reasons.

[Tan]: If – I got ask [_sic_] the superintendent.

Court: Yes.

[Tan]: He give me the reason very [_sic_], very funny, you know. He said
afraid [_sic_] that I mix with other inmate[s] they all will kill me or chop
off – chop off my hand, my leg. Why like that [_sic_]? Singapore prison got
parang _toh_ , ah [_sic_].

Court: Okay. So –

[Tan]: So, okay, mm.

Court: – any further matters?

[Tan]: _No. Uh, any further, ah. Want to make complain [sic] only …_

[emphasis added]

51 We were not persuaded that Tan was serious – or, for that matter, clear –
when he made his alleged request for a lawyer. He had merely mentioned
tentatively the possibility of appointing a lawyer to represent him (as
evinced by his question to the Judge, “If I say I need a lawyer how
[_sic_]?”), and had not been evidently keen on pursuing that option. By the
same token, the Judge did not expressly reject Tan’s request for a lawyer
either. That said, we think it will be helpful to the legal community if
greater clarity is brought to the issue of whether the right to counsel can
ever be considered to have been waived by an accused, or to be in some way
subordinated to competing interests. It is, after all, not entirely fanciful
to suggest that there will be accused persons who persistently refuse legal
representation in good faith, only to discover, after all is said and done,
that trials are complex proceedings in respect of which legal assistance is
required. Can there ever be a situation where it would not be unfair to refuse
an accused who is voluntarily unrepresented access to counsel, knowing full
well that the absence of counsel in relation to an accused charged with a
capital crime will very often be a severe handicap?

_Whether there are circumstances in which the right to counsel can be validly
denied to or waived by an accused_

(1) The constitutional right to counsel

52 Any argument relating to the right to counsel leads invariably to Art 9(3)
of the Constitution, which states:

Where a person is arrested, he shall be informed as soon as may be of the
grounds of his arrest and shall be allowed to consult and be defended by a
legal practitioner of his choice.

53 The jurisprudence engendered by Art 9(3) has revolved around a variety of
interrelated issues, such as when an accused should be allowed access to
counsel after he has been arrested (_eg_ , _PP v Leong Siew Chor_ [2006] 3 SLR
290 at [87]–[88]), whether an accused should be informed of his rights under
Art 9(3) (_eg_ , _Rajeevan Edakalavan v PP_ [1998] 1 SLR 815 at [19]), whether
an accused has a further right to contact third parties to discover and
inquire into his right to counsel or the legal consequences of his arrest
(_eg_ , _Sun Hongyu v PP_ [2005] 2 SLR 750 at [34]) and whether the right to
counsel is available only if there are lawyers who are willing to represent
the accused (_eg_ , _Balasundaram v PP_ [1996] 2 SLR 331 at 333–337,
[6]–[18]). In other words, these cases involve the question of when the right
to counsel _becomes_ _available_. In contrast, the question in the present
appeal leans more towards whether and/or when this right can be validly
_denied to or waived by_ an accused. Additionally, the contours of Art 9(3)
have hardly been explored in the context of an accused who voluntarily appears
in person, although there is the case of _Soong Hee Sin v PP_ [2001] 2 SLR 253
(“ _Soong Hee Sin_ ”). There, Yong Pung How CJ, commenting on the duties of a
judge in such a situation, pertinently observed at [8]:

If an accused person voluntarily chooses not to avail himself of his
constitutional right to an advocate, it cannot be that the judge’s duty
towards him then suddenly becomes more arduous than it would have been had
counsel been appointed, for an unfair advantage would then accrue to accused
persons who do not consult their own lawyers. Indeed, to accept counsel’s
submissions in this case would create an incentive for accused persons not to
instruct their own lawyers, knowing that they can depend on the judge for
legal advice, with the latter’s failure to do so then amounting to easy
grounds for an appeal.

54 In the light of the above cases, it can be stated with certitude that the
right to counsel cannot be said to be an untrammelled or enduring and/or
unwaivable right. In this regard, we disagree with the view that although the
time at which the right to counsel is exercisable is qualified, the right
itself is absolute (see Tan Yock Lin, _Criminal Procedure_ (LexisNexis, 1996,
December 2007 release) vol 1 at ch 2, paras 254–300).

55 _Prima facie_ , it can usually be said that the denial or deprivation of an
accused’s right to counsel would almost invariably be considered to be unduly
prejudicial to the accused and, quite plainly, unconstitutional. In the
present case, however, we had a unique factual matrix whereby the accused
(_ie_ , Tan) had persistently indicated his desire not to have legal
representation, only to “attempt” to invoke and/or inquire about his right to
counsel at the eleventh hour. In these circumstances, the question of whether
it would be unduly prejudicial and/or unconstitutional to deny the accused his
right to counsel should be considered not merely from the viewpoint of
prejudice to the accused, but also from the viewpoint of prejudice to the
other interested parties (_eg_ , the witnesses involved, the Prosecution and
the court itself) as well. In short, it is necessary to balance the rights of
and prejudice to the accused, on the one hand, and to the other parties
involved in the proceedings, on the other. In relation to this issue, we also
found it instructive to consider a range of decisions from Commonwealth
countries as well as the US.

(2) Case law on the right to counsel

(A) MALAYSIAN CASES

56 It would be appropriate to start with a review of the Malaysian cases,
since Art 5(3) of the Federal Constitution uses the very same language as that
in our Art 9(3). In _Mohamed bin Abdullah v Public Prosecutor_ [1980] 2 MLJ
201 (“ _Mohamed bin Abdullah_ ”), although counsel for the accused had been
away on urgent business, the trial of the accused in the absence of his
counsel was held to be proper and was not vitiated. This holding was based on
the principle that the right to counsel did not in any way restrict the power
of the court to fix any date for the hearing of a case. Harun J stated (at
203):

The general principle of course is that trial dates should be fixed at the
convenience of the court. This is the only way some order can be maintained …
In practice, trial dates are fixed well in advance giving ample notice to all
concerned and there is no reason why most cases should not be heard on
schedule except in the rare case where death or sudden illness has intervened
… Unless courts are in full command of their proceedings, the administration
of justice will be chaotic and respect for the law that much diminished.

57 An earlier Malaysian decision, _Mohamed Ekram v Public Prosecutor_ [1962]
MLJ 129, although not involving constitutional arguments, established the
proposition that whether an accused was entitled to an adjournment to obtain
legal representation depended on the merits of each application. The Malaysian
cases also unequivocally suggest that the grant of an adjournment of a trial
to enable an accused to seek legal representation is a matter entirely within
the discretion of the trial judge, and the appellate court will be slow to
interfere with the exercise of such discretion unless it appears that the
refusal of an adjournment has caused an injustice to the accused (see, _eg_ ,
_Tan Eng Hoe v Liang Hooi Kiang_ [1961] MLJ 119).

58 The Malaysian position has in fact been approved and adopted by our High
Court. In _Balasundaram v PP_ [1996] 2 SLR 331 (“ _Balasundaram_ ”), the
accused, who had been unable to secure the lawyer of his choice in time for
his trial, was convicted. He appealed against his conviction on the basis that
a miscarriage of justice had been occasioned by the trial judge’s refusal to
grant him an adjournment so as to enable him to be represented by counsel of
his choice. The court dismissed the appeal, holding (at 333–334, [9] and
[11]):

Although the appellant’s right to counsel is clearly spelt out in the
Constitution as well as in the Criminal Procedure Code, _this right is not an
unqualified right._ …

...

… [I]t is clear from the authorities that, if counsel fails to turn up or is
not willing or able to act for the accused person, the latter cannot by virtue
of this fact alone claim that his constitutional right has been violated and
as such any proceedings against him are rendered null and void. _The question
then is whether there [was] a miscarriage of justice_ when the trial judge
refused the appellant’s application for an adjournment thus depriving him of
... representation [by the lawyer of his choice].

[emphasis added]

Further, the court noted that the accused had had ample opportunity to be
represented by other counsel who were willing and able to take on his case,
but had instead chosen not to avail himself of the opportunity. It stated (at
336, [15]) that the reasonableness of the behaviour of the accused was a
relevant factor in considering whether any miscarriage of justice had arisen
on the facts of the case:

As observed by the trial judge, the appellant apparently did not want nor
considered any other solicitor to represent him. His attitude was plainly
unreasonable. … This was not a situation in which the appellant had been
deprived of any representation. In fact, it would seem that the appellant had
displayed scant respect for the court and its judicial process by subjecting
it to his ever-changing whims and fancies.

59 The Malaysian cases cited above (at [56]–[57]) are admittedly of some
antiquity. While that does not necessarily translate to outdated or outmoded
legal thinking, the apparent pragmatic focus on the difficulties of adjourning
and rescheduling court hearings (as pointed out in, _inter alia_ , _Mohamed
bin Abdullah_ ([56] _supra_)) may not be as compelling today. What does remain
compelling, we believe, is the overarching issue of whether any real prejudice
and unfairness has been caused by denying the accused the right to counsel
(which includes the right to be represented by a particular lawyer of his
choice), something which has not been addressed fully by the Malaysian cases.
In this regard, we found a trio of Privy Council decisions on appeals from
Jamaica helpful.

(B) PRIVY COUNCIL DECISIONS ON APPEALS FROM JAMAICA

60 Section 20(6) of the Constitution of Jamaica 1962 (“the Jamaican
Constitution”) provides that:

Every person who is charged with a criminal offence —

…

c. shall be permitted to defend himself in person or by a legal representative
of his own choice ...

It should also be noted that s 20(6)(b) of the Jamaican Constitution states
that every person who is charged with a criminal offence shall be given
“adequate time and facilities for the preparation of his defence”.

61 In _Frank Robinson v The Queen_ [1985] 1 AC 956, the majority stated that
while an accused must not be prevented by the State from exercising his right
to have legal representation, an accused who failed to take reasonable steps
to ensure that he was legally represented at his trial could not reasonably
claim that the lack of legal representation amounted to a deprivation of his
constitutional rights. Lord Roskill, who delivered the judgment of the
majority, stated (at 966):

In their Lordships’ view the important word used in section 20(6)(_c_) [of the
Jamaican Constitution] is “permitted.” [The accused] must not be prevented by
the state in any of its manifestations, whether judicial or executive, from
exercising the right accorded by the subsection. He must be _permitted_ to
exercise those rights. It is apparent that no one could have done more than
the judge to secure the defendant’s representation by counsel of his choice.
... [T]wo counsel were on the record [as the defendant’s lawyers] and the
judge refused them leave to withdraw. It was those two counsel who in defiance
of the judge’s refusal of leave to withdraw absented themselves and thus left
the defendant unrepresented. The judge even invited Mr. Soutar [one of the two
lawyers on record as acting for the defendant] to appear on legal aid. Mr.
Soutar refused. Faced with this position the judge exercised his discretion
not to grant a further adjournment. It is clear that it was the repeated
adjournments in the past coupled with the facts of Irving’s [the key
prosecution witness’s] previous absences, his current presence and the risk of
his future disappearance, which weighed with the judge in refusing a further
adjournment. It is also clear [that] the judge was influenced by the fact that
when Mr. Soutar refused to appear on legal aid, a grant of a legal aid
certificate to other counsel must necessarily have entailed yet another
adjournment.

In their Lordships’ view the judge’s exercise of his discretion ... can only
be faulted if the constitutional provisions make it necessary for the judge,
whatever the circumstances, always to grant an adjournment so as to ensure
that no one who wishes [to have] legal representation is without such
representation. **_Their Lordships do not for one moment underrate the crucial
importance of legal representation for those who require it. But their
Lordships cannot construe the relevant provisions of the [Jamaican]
Constitution in such a way as to give rise to an absolute right to legal
representation which if exercised to the full could all too easily lead to
manipulation and abuse_.**

[emphasis added in bold italics]

Notwithstanding the above views, the Privy Council was mindful of whether the
absence of legal representation had resulted in any risk of injustice to the
accused. To that end, they considered (_id_ at 968–969) whether the accused
would have had greater success in cross-examination had he been legally
represented, whether the calling of more alibi witnesses for the accused would
have made a difference and whether the trial judge had directed the jury
fairly. The majority concluded (_id_ at 969) that no miscarriage of justice
had occurred (_cf_ the dissenting judgment of Lord Scarman and Lord Edmund-
Davies (_id_ at 969–974)).

62 In _Errol Dunkley v The Queen_ [1995] 1 AC 419, Lord Jauncey of
Tullichettle, delivering the judgment of the Privy Council, held (at 427) that
“there [was] no absolute right to legal representation throughout the course
of a murder trial although it [was] obviously highly desirable that defendants
in such trials should be continuously represented where possible”. In _Delroy_
_Ricketts v The Queen_ [1998] 1 WLR 1016, the counsel assigned to defend the
accused withdrew on the ground that he could not get any instructions from the
accused. It was held that since “[the accused] had counsel and there was no
suggestion that he objected to this particular counsel ... [but] ... chose not
to instruct counsel to put forward his defence and to challenge the
prosecution case” (at 1020), the accused’s constitutional right to counsel had
not been contravened.

63 Based on the above Privy Council cases and _Balasundaram_ ([58] _supra_),
it would appear that whether an accused who has not been able to obtain legal
representation or who has not been able to appoint the lawyer of his choice to
act for him has had his constitutional right to counsel violated depends on
whether his invocation of such right was reasonable, and whether the absence
of legal representation was prejudicial to him in all the circumstances of the
case. Does this then mean that an accused can potentially have his right to
counsel extinguished by his own conduct, for example, through a waiver of this
right? The Canadian and the American positions offer some interesting insights
into this point.

(C) CANADIAN AND AMERICAN CASES

64 Under s 10 of the Canadian Charter of Rights and Freedoms (which forms Pt I
of Canada’s Constitution Act 1982), it is provided that:

Everyone has the right to on arrest or detention

…

(_b_) to retain and instruct counsel without delay and to be informed of that
right …

65 In the Alberta Court of Appeal decision of _R v Smith_ (1986) 46 MVR 47; 32
CRR 215; 74 AR 64 (“ _Smith_ ”), the accused was stopped while he was driving
and was asked to provide a breath sample. He refused and was convicted of the
offence of unlawfully failing to provide a breath sample for roadside
analysis. He appealed against his conviction on the ground that the police had
failed to advise him on his right to counsel after the demand for a breath
sample was made. The Alberta Court of Appeal dismissed the appeal, holding at
[10] that (_inter alia_) the accused’s right to counsel had simply been
deferred, but had not been extinguished.

66 The decision in _Smith_ appears to indicate that an accused’s
constitutional right to counsel cannot be extinguished. The oft-cited Supreme
Court of Canada case of _R v Prosper_ [1994] 3 SCR 236 (“ _Prosper_ ”),
however, does suggest that this right can be extinguished if the accused
_chooses_ to waive it. _Prosper_ similarly involved a driver who had to
provide a breath sample. He was asked by the police if he wanted to speak to a
lawyer first. He replied in the affirmative, but was unsuccessful in
contacting any of the lawyers in a list (provided by the police) of legal aid
lawyers. The accused then said that he could not afford to engage a lawyer in
private practice and proceeded to take the breathalyser tests, which he
failed. The accused was subsequently charged with the offence of having care
and control of a motor vehicle while his blood alcohol level was above the
legal limit. One of the questions before the Supreme Court of Canada was
whether the accused had waived his right to counsel. The court, after
considering a number of its previous decisions, held at 274–275 (_per_ Lamer
CJ) that while an accused could waive his right to counsel, rigid conditions
had to be met before the court could make a finding that the accused had
waived this right:

Given the importance of the right to counsel, I would ... say with respect to
waiver that once a detainee asserts the right there must be a clear indication
that he or she has changed his or her mind, and the burden of establishing an
unequivocal waiver will be on the Crown … Further, the waiver must be free and
voluntary and it must not be the product of either direct or indirect
compulsion. This Court has indicated on numerous occasions that the standard
required for an effective waiver of the right to counsel is very high:
_Clarkson v. The Queen_, [1986] 1 S.C.R. 383 … [A] person who waives a right
must know what he or she is giving up if the waiver is to be valid.

67 _Clarkson v The Queen_ [1986] 1 SCR 383 (“ _Clarkson_ ”), which was
referred to in _Prosper_ , held that for a voluntary waiver to be valid and
effective, the accused must have a “true appreciation of the consequences of
giving up the right [to counsel]” (see _Clarkson_ at 396 _per_ Wilson J). This
is a more general proposition than the American position (which was discussed
in _Clarkson_), under which there must be “an apprehension of the nature of
the charges, the statutory offenses included within them, the range of
allowable punishments thereunder, possible defenses to the charges and
circumstances in mitigation thereof, and all other facts essential to a broad
understanding of the whole matter” (see the US Supreme Court decision of _Von
Moltke v Gillies_ 332 US 708 (1948) at 724) before an accused’s waiver of his
right to counsel will be deemed to be valid and effective.

(D) ANALYSIS OF THE CASES

68 It is apparent that, for the purposes of determining whether the denial of
counsel to an accused amounts to a violation of the latter’s constitutional
right, a common foundation upon which the foreign cases surveyed above rests
is the universal concept of fairness to the accused. The Canadian and the
American cases have even come up with specific parameters to define what a
valid waiver of the right to counsel entails (see [66]–[67] above). For now,
we do not think it is necessary to propound a specific test, in our local
context, on how and when the right to counsel may be validly waived by or
denied to an accused because we think that a more broad-based, fact-centric
approach to this question is preferable. Such an approach should also factor
in the competing interests (if any) of other concerned parties, while
maintaining at the same time the focus on whether any _undue unfairness or
prejudice_ has been caused to the accused as a result of his lack of legal
representation – in short, a holistic approach should be adopted. (The
preceding remarks presuppose, of course, that the accused has already been
given an opportunity to avail himself of his right to counsel.)

_Whether Tan’s constitutional right to counsel had been violated_

69 If one approaches the issue of denial of access to counsel from the angle
of prejudice, one will no doubt identify several flaws in Mr Anandan’s
argument that Tan’s constitutional right to counsel had been violated in the
present case. First, Tan had persistently refused legal representation
throughout the proceedings, even going to the extent of discharging his lawyer
before the preliminary inquiry for reasons that can only be described as
bemusing. It is ironic, to say the least, that the Judge, whom Tan accused in
this appeal of falling short in his duty to ensure that Tan had access to
counsel, is the very same judge who had:

(a) confirmed twice with Tan on the first day of trial that Tan did not need a
lawyer; and

(b) knowing that Tan would have difficulties in navigating the labyrinths of
criminal law and procedure, taken considerable pains to explain to Tan what
had to be done at each point of the trial.

It was plain to us from the record that the Judge went beyond the norm in
trying to ensure that Tan could follow the proceedings.

70 Second, to bring on board a lawyer at the stage in the proceedings when Tan
made his (apparent) request for counsel – _ie_ , after all the witnesses had
been examined and just before closing submissions were due – would have, to
put things mildly, engendered confusion without any real accompanying benefits
to Tan (see further [71] below). If Tan’s would-be counsel were allowed by the
court to cross-examine the witnesses all over again and devise new
submissions, that would surely be unfair to the Prosecution, which had already
presented its case, and, indeed, to all the other relevant parties, such as
the witnesses if they had to be recalled. On the latter point, we would draw
attention to this court’s ruling in _Sim Cheng Hui v PP_ [1998] 2 SLR 302 that
the court’s power to recall witnesses in criminal proceedings should be
exercised “sparingly and judiciously to the just decision of the case” (at
[30]). Put another way, fairness is a multi-faceted concept even in criminal
proceedings, and a concession to an accused’s right to counsel cannot be
allowed to progress to an abuse of the judicial process.

71 On the other hand, if Tan’s would-be counsel were not permitted to cross-
examine the witnesses all over again and were restricted to making new
submissions, then – notwithstanding the importance of closing submissions in a
trial – the apparent benefits of permitting Tan to engage counsel at that
stage of the proceedings would have been quite considerably diminished on the
facts of this case. Mr Anandan, when queried by this court as to whether he
would have done anything other than prepare closing submissions had he taken
over the case in the High Court pursuant to Tan’s (apparent) request for a
lawyer, gave a forthright reply in the negative. He also said that, having had
some three months to peruse the Notes of Evidence, he would not have sought
leave to adduce any further evidence or to call in any other experts to refute
the Prosecution’s experts. All said and done, Tan’s opportunity to have
counsel argue the present appeal was, in this particular case, _not very
different_ in _practical_ terms from the opportunity to have counsel make
closing submissions on his behalf at the trial. On the evidence that was
presented before this court, it was difficult to maintain the position that it
would have made a critical difference for Tan had he been represented by
counsel for the purposes of making closing submissions at the trial. In the
circumstances, we were not at all persuaded that fairness to Tan had been
compromised due to his lack of legal representation in the court below. It
should be stressed, however, that we are by no means saying that the
availability of legal representation at the stage of closing submissions
(where such representation has been lacking in preceding stages of the trial)
will invariably never make a difference; each case will have to be assessed on
its own facts.

72 This brings us to the third difficulty which we have with Mr Anandan’s
contention _vis-à-vis_ Tan’s right to counsel – which is that there was no
resulting unfairness or prejudice to Tan despite his lack of legal
representation at the trial. The preponderance of the decisions cited above
(at [58] and [61]–[62]) support the view that the conduct of the accused is a
relevant factor when assessing whether the denial of counsel to the accused
has occasioned any unfairness or prejudice. At the risk of putting this too
bluntly, if Tan had indeed been denied his constitutional right to legal
representation at the trial, it would have been his fault alone. The facts of
the present case were far removed from those in _Dietrich v The Queen_ (1992)
177 CLR 292 (“ _Dietrich_ ”), a decision of the High Court of Australia. In
_Dietrich_ , the accused, who was unrepresented at his trial, was convicted of
the offence of trafficking in heroin. The Australian High Court allowed the
accused’s appeal against his conviction because the accused had applied on
numerous occasions to be represented by state counsel but had had his
applications rejected. In contrast, in the present case, Tan was informed of
his right to counsel from the outset, and was given a number of opportunities
to either engage or be assigned a lawyer. As stated at 343 of _Dietrich_
(_per_ Dawson J):

... _[N]ot every refusal of an adjournment for the purpose of obtaining
counsel will amount to a refusal to allow an accused to exercise his right [to
counsel]._ The accused may previously have had adequate opportunity to pursue
his entitlement and [may] have failed to do so. An adjournment may be sought
for merely tactical reasons and not for the genuine purpose of obtaining
representation. And no counsel may be available because the accused lacks the
means to secure representation and all avenues to obtain legal aid have been
explored unsuccessfully.

... [T]here cannot be a miscarriage of justice merely because an accused is
unrepresented when he has no entitlement to representation._Obviously, in some
trials a defect may be more likely to occur in the course of the trial because
of an accused’s lack of representation, but it is the defect which must be
relied upon on appeal, not the lack of representation._

[emphasis added]

73 Finally – and this was conceded by Mr Anandan – it was clear to us, from
our perusal of the Notes of Evidence, that the Judge had tried to guide Tan
along as much as possible to facilitate the presentation of the latter’s
submissions. On the totality of all the facts of the case, it could not even
begin to be said that Tan’s constitutional right to counsel had been violated;
neither was it tenable to argue that the Judge was obligated to repeatedly
remind Tan of the possibility of availing himself of state-assigned counsel or
to insist that Tan engage such counsel. As far as Tan’s lack of legal
representation at the trial was concerned, it did not, in these circumstances,
give rise to any irregularity or unfairness that would void the trial.

**_Whether Tan’s remand at CMC was oppressive_**

74 Tan was first remanded at CMC on 15 March 2006 for his psychiatric
assessment; that was some two months after he was apprehended. Mr Anandan
submitted that there was no apparent reason for Tan to continue to be held at
CMC after the psychiatric assessment was completed on 14 May 2006, especially
when the latter was preparing for his trial without the assistance of counsel.
Although the prison authorities had stated that Tan had been kept at CMC until
27 October 2006 in view of security considerations, Mr Anandan claimed that
this was not a consistent position on the part of the prison authorities as
Tan was later transferred to QRP on 27 October 2006 and was remanded there for
the remaining three months leading up to his trial in January 2007. Mr Anandan
did clarify, however, that he was not arguing that there had been _mala fides_
on the part of the prison authorities; rather, his point was simply that CMC
was not the most conducive of environments to be remanded in, and Tan, as a
result of being held in remand there, had been hampered in his preparations
for his trial.

75 CMC is first and foremost a legitimate place for remand. Pursuant to s
44(1) of the Prisons Act (Cap 247, 2000 Rev Ed), the Director of Prisons has
the discretion to determine where prisoners shall be confined. As Mr Anandan
was not relying on the argument of bad faith on the part of the prison
authorities _vis-à-vis_ Tan’s remand, the only way in which he could show
procedural unfairness in this regard would be by persuading this court that
Tan’s remand at CMC had been oppressive. In the absence of evidence of _mala
fides_ and/or oppression, there was no basis for us to find that it had been
procedurally unfair to continue to hold Tan in remand at CMC after his
psychiatric assessment was completed.

76 The only evidence before us on this issue, far from supporting Tan’s
complaint that it was unfair to continue to remand him at CMC after his
psychiatric assessment was completed, served only to reinforce the
unmeritorious nature of this particular complaint. At all material times while
he was at CMC, Tan had access to the materials necessary for preparing for his
trial. In a handwritten letter to the Supreme Court Registry dated 7 September
2006 (about a month after he discharged the lawyer who had originally
represented him), he confirmed again that he did not require counsel for his
defence. Six weeks later, he again affirmed his decision not to be legally
represented during the preliminary inquiry. It bears mentioning that all this
took place during the period when Tan was still remanded at CMC. If it were
indeed the case that he had been subjected to oppressive conditions of remand
at CMC such that his preparations for the trial were hampered, why did he
still insist on rejecting legal representation while he remained at CMC?
Furthermore, why did Tan raise his grievances about the alleged oppressive
conditions of remand at CMC only during the trial, and not prior to that? Tan
had no credible response to these questions. In our view, the argument that
Tan had been remanded in oppressive conditions was most likely an _ex post
facto_ one whimsically predicated on unsubstantiated allegations.

**_Whether the Judge was obliged to visit the crime scene_**

77 In the court below, Tan questioned the credibility of Risa’s account of the
first gun shot on the fateful day, stating that it was impossible for her to
have witnessed that shot (see [9] above). To substantiate this contention, Tan
invited the Judge to visit the Flat, which the latter declined to do. Before
this court, Tan contended that the Judge’s acceptance of Risa’s testimony
(that Tan had fired the first shot at Lim’s face) and his refusal to visit the
Flat had denied Tan “an important tool to properly assist the ...
Judge.”[note: 7] Tan’s request that the Judge visit the Flat, counsel
submitted, was not unreasonable as other judges had inspected the relevant
incident sites in some earlier cases so as “to get a better feel of the
scene”.[note: 8]

78  It was apparent from the Judgment that the Judge, after carefully
assessing the evidence, accepted Risa’s testimony of the material events and
ruled that Tan had intentionally fired the first shot at Lim’s face. In
challenging the Judge’s decision not to visit the scene of the shooting, Tan
was in reality seeking to overturn one of the Judge’s findings of fact
(although this point was not explicitly argued in that manner by Mr Anandan).

79 We saw no reason to interfere with any of the Judge’s findings of fact. The
principles governing appellate interference with a trial judge’s factual
findings are well established in the local case law. First, if the trial judge
has heard all the evidence of the witnesses in full, his findings should be
taken as _prima facie_ correct and should not be disturbed in the absence of
sound reasons. Indeed, an appellate court will be slow to overturn the trial
judge’s findings of fact unless it can be shown that those findings were
plainly wrong or were against the weight of the evidence before the court (see
_Lim Ah Poh v PP_ [1992] 1 SLR 713 at 719, [32]). In the same vein, if the
trial judge’s findings of fact are based on his assessment of the witnesses’
veracity and credibility, the appellate court would be even more reluctant to
overturn such findings (see _Yap Giau Beng Terence v PP_ [1998] 3 SLR 656 at
[24]). However, where the trial judge, in convicting an accused, has relied
solely on a witness whose testimony was riddled with material contradictions
and improbabilities, the conviction of the accused may be unsafe (see _Yeo Eng
Siang v PP_ [2005] 2 SLR 409 at [50]). (In this regard, if only minor
inconsistencies exist in a witness’s testimony, such inconsistencies should
not be held against the witness’s credibility (see _Jagatheesan s/o
Krishnasamy v PP_ [2006] 4 SLR 45 at [82])). Similarly, where the trial judge
has failed to give due weight to material evidence, the accused’s conviction
may be unsafe (see _Neo Hong Huat v PP_ [1992] 1 SLR 312 at 316, [17]).

80 In the present case, no particularly legitimate reason was put forth by Mr
Anandan as to why the Judge erred in accepting Risa’s evidence (apart,
presumably, from the consideration that Tan needed to have a platform for
discrediting Risa’s testimony). The decision of a trial judge as to whether to
visit the scene of a crime is, at the end of the day, entirely a matter of
discretion An appellate court would be extremely slow to intervene in or
criticise the exercise of such discretion. There is certainly no rule of law
or practice which mandates that a judge has to visit the crime scene whenever
there is a conflict of testimony. In any event, we were of the view that the
Judge had provided in the Judgment a satisfactory explanation as to why he
accepted Risa’s evidence and why a visit to the Flat was unnecessary. His
reasoning was as follows (_id_ at [97]):

On the evidence, I accept Risa’s account relating to the first shot that was
fired in the study room. … I am convinced that Risa was fulfilling her promise
to help her former employer [_ie_ , Lim] not by telling malicious falsehood
against [Tan] but by voicing verity. The statement about hiding behind the
door of S’s [Lim’s daughter’s] room was nothing more than an inaccurate
rendition of her evidence that she was squatting and hiding behind the door
frame to peek into the study room. Risa’s version of the events is supported
by the objective forensic evidence that this particular shot was fired at a
very short [muzzle-to-target] distance.

By all accounts, there was simply no merit in the argument that the Judge
erred in declining the request that he visit the crime scene.

**_Our findings on the issues relating to procedural fairness_**

81 In the result, we were not persuaded that Tan had been treated unfairly
either in the course of his preparations for the trial or during the trial
itself. There was simply no basis to order a retrial.

**Conclusion**

82 As Tan failed in rebutting the statutory presumption set out in s 4(2) of
the Arms Offences Act, we dismissed this appeal. We were satisfied beyond any
reasonable doubt that Tan had fired the Beretta with the intention of causing
physical injury to Lim, thereby committing the offence under s 4(1) of the
Arms Offences Act. All said and done, it was plain to us that Lim was killed
in cold blood by Tan.

  

* * *

[note: 1]See the certified transcript of the notes of evidence (“the Notes of
Evidence”) for the hearing on 29 January 2007 (at vol 2, p 249 of the record
of proceedings (“Record of Proceedings”)).

[note: 2]_Id_ (see Record of Proceedings at vol 2, p 244).

[note: 3]See the Notes of Evidence for the hearing on 27 April 2007 (Record of
Proceedings, vol 2 at p 340).

[note: 4]See para 5 of Dr Winslow’s report dated 6 March 2007 (Record of
Proceedings, vol 3 at p 402).

[note: 5]See the Notes of Evidence for the hearing on 2 April 2007 (Record of
Proceedings, vol 2 at p 304).

[note: 6]See the Notes of Evidence for the hearing on 27 April 3007 (Record of
Proceedings, vol 2 at pp 338–342).

[note: 7]See para 27 of Mr Anandan’s written submissions dated 18 January 2008
for the appeal (“the Appellant’s Skeletal Submissions”).

[note: 8]See para 28 of the Appellant’s Skeletal Submissions.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 18 Jul 2008 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

