Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Ground & Sharp Precision Engineering Pte Ltd v Midview Realty Pte Ltd  
[2008] SGHC 160

Case Number | : | Suit 33/2008, RA 214/2008  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 22 September 2008  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Judith Prakash J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Justin Phua (Justin Phua Tan & Partners) for the plaintiff; Lawrence Tan Shien-Loon and Sandra Tan Pei May (Drew & Napier LLC) for the defendant   
Parties | : |  Ground & Sharp Precision Engineering Pte Ltd — Midview Realty Pte Ltd   
  
Civil Procedure  
  
Contract  
  

22 September 2008 |   
---|---  
  
Judith Prakash J:

1 This was an appeal by the plaintiff against the decision of the Assistant
Registrar to grant the defendant’s application to strike out the plaintiff’s
writ of summons and statement of claim. I dismissed the appeal and now give my
reasons.

The plaintiff’s claim

2 The plaintiff is in the business of mechanical engineering works and the
defendant is in the business of real estate development and building
construction. The defendant developed a factory building at 16 Boon Lay Way
Tradehub 21 Singapore 609965 (“the Development”) and is the registered
proprietor of factory units #01-40, #01-41 and #01-42 in the Development (“the
Units”).

3 The plaintiff pleaded in its statement of claim that the defendant had
agreed to lease the Units to it and had further granted it an option to
purchase each of the three Units within 12 months of the date of commencement
of the respective leases. This agreement was allegedly contained in or
evidenced by three letters of intent drafted by the defendant’s marketing
agent REA RealtyNetwork Pte Ltd (“REA”) dated 10 July 2006, which the
plaintiff and defendant signed on 11 July 2006 and 13 July 2006 respectively
(the “letters of intent”).

4 On 8 August 2007 the plaintiff and defendant entered into three separate
tenancy agreements in writing for the lease by the defendant to the plaintiff
of the Units for a term of two years commencing 10 August 2007 (the “Tenancy
Agreements”). By a letter dated 19 September 2007 from the plaintiff’s former
solicitors Messrs Tan Thian Chua & Co to the defendant, the plaintiff
purported to exercise the option to purchase the Units in accordance with the
terms and conditions in the options. When the defendant did not respond, the
plaintiff completed and submitted to the defendant on 26 September 2007, three
separate booking forms for the purchase of the Units together with three
separate cheques representing the balance of the booking fee for each of the
Units. Despite a reminder by the plaintiff’s solicitors by letter dated 2
October 2007, the defendant did not reply to confirm the sale of the Units,
nor did it accept the booking forms or the accompanying cheques.

5 The plaintiff lodged a caveat against each of the Units on 29 November 2007,
asserting the existence of binding options between itself and the defendant.
Subsequently, pursuant to the defendant’s application under s 127 of the Land
Titles Act, the Registrar of Titles gave notice of its intention to cancel the
three caveats. The plaintiff therefore claimed, _inter alia_ , a declaration
that there was a binding and enforceable option to purchase in respect each of
the Units; an order allowing the caveats to remain or deferring their
cancellation until after the trial; and specific performance of the options.

6 By its defence the defendant denied that there was any agreement in writing
wherein it had granted the plaintiff any option to purchase the Units within
12 months of the commencement of the respective leases. It averred that the
letters of intent were made subject to contract. By the defendant’s account,
around September 2006 the plaintiff requested that it be allowed an option to
purchase the Units within 12 months of the commencement of the leases. The
defendant was prepared to accede to the plaintiff’s request provided the
purchase price was pegged to the prevailing market rate to be mutually agreed
upon, and was subject to contract. The defendant conveyed these terms to the
plaintiff by letter dated 22 September 2006, but the plaintiff did not
respond.

7 In its reply, the plaintiff averred that none of the options to purchase
referred to in the letters of intent was subject to contract; it “was never
the intention of the [parties] that the options granted to purchase the
[Units] would be so subject to contract.” It further asserted that one Angela
Ang, a representative from REA, had assured the plaintiff’s Ng Choon Beng that
“no other document would be required to be executed or exchanged for the
options to purchase to be valid and enforceable.” The plaintiff also pleaded,
for the first time in its reply, that on 4 August 2006, at the defendant’s
request, the plaintiff signed three letters of offer in respect of the lease
of the Units (the “offer letters”). The offer letters were issued by the
defendant itself rather than by REA and did not contain the option to purchase
found in paragraph 18 of the letters of intent. Angela Ang explained to the
plaintiff that this omission was because the defendant was “unwilling to put
on record discounts [it had] given by way of renovation voucher [_sic_] and
absorption of stamp fee”. It was pleaded that Angela Ang again assured the
[plaintiff] that paragraph 18 of the [letters of intent] did contain a validly
issued and enforceable option to purchase, and that “no other document would
be required to be executed or exchanged for the options to purchase to be
valid and enforceable.” (Reply at [5.3])

8 The plaintiff further pleaded in its reply that Angela Ang had agreed that
the defendant “would confirm in writing that the [plaintiff had] an option to
purchase the [Units] from the date of commencement of the lease.” It was in
these circumstances that the defendant wrote to the plaintiff on 22 September
2006 to confirm this. The plaintiff pleaded at [5.6] of its reply:

It was wrong for the [defendant] to have introduced terms such as “subject to
contract” or pegging the price “at the prevailing market rate to be mutually
agreed upon” into their letter of 22 September 2006, as such terms were not
contractually agreed upon in the [options to purchase in the letters of
intent]. Owing to ignorance and oversight, the [plaintiff] did not object to
the inclusion of such terms.

9 The plaintiff averred that the clause “12 months from date of agreement” in
paragraph 18 of the letters of intent meant 12 months from the date of
commencement of the lease, and the options to purchase the Units had therefore
not expired when it exercised them through their solicitors by letter of 19
September 2007. Finally, the plaintiff alleged that it had informed REA as
early as June 2007 of its decision to exercise the options to purchase,
pressing REA to process the exercise of the options on numerous occasions
thereafter. Angela Ang having left the employ of REA, one Winston Woon was
assigned to attend to the plaintiff; he completed the booking forms on the
plaintiff’s behalf and represented that the plaintiff was required to sign and
hand over the forms and cheques in order to exercise the options to purchase.
It was in these circumstances that the plaintiff’s Ng Choon Beng signed and
handed over the forms and the cheques to Winston Woon, for him to hand them
over to the defendant.

10 On the appeal, the plaintiff submitted that the claim should not have been
struck out as the matter should go to trial for, _inter alia_ , the following
issues to be decided:

(a) whether the options to purchase the Units were indeed subject to contract
and hence not enforceable as no formal options were later granted to the
defendant;

(b) whether the defendant was estopped from asserting that the options to
purchase the Units were subject to contract because of certain representations
made by the defendant’s marketing agent, REA, that no other document would be
required to be executed for the options to be valid and enforceable.

The law on striking out

11 O 18 r 19 provides:

(1) The Court may at any stage of the proceedings order to be struck out or
amended any pleading or the endorsement of any writ in the action, or anything
in any pleading or in the endorsement, on the ground that –

(a) it discloses no reasonable cause of action or defence, as the case may be;

(b) it is scandalous, frivolous, or vexatious;

(c) it may prejudice, embarrass or delay the fair trial of the action; or

(d) it is otherwise an abuse of the process of the Court,

and may order the action to be stayed or dismissed or judgment to be entered
accordingly, as the case may be.

(2) No evidence shall be admissible on an application under paragraph 1(_a_).

(3) This Rule shall, as far as applicable, apply to an originating summons as
if it were a pleading.

12 The defendant’s application was made pursuant to O 18 r 19(1)(_a_)-(_d_). O
18 r 19(2) did not apply in relation to the second to fourth grounds, and I
considered the parties’ affidavit evidence as well as the documents
themselves.

13 An application under O 18 r 19(1)(_a_) requires that the cause of action be
shown to have no chance of success when only the allegations in the pleading
are considered (_Drummond-Jackson v British Medical Association_ [1970] 1 All
ER 1094). While O 18 r 19(2) precludes the admissibility of evidence on an
application solely under O 18 r 19(1)(_a_), the court has the inherent
jurisdiction to dismiss an action on the ground that it is obviously frivolous
or vexatious. When application is made pursuant to this inherent jurisdiction,
all the facts can be gone into (_Singapore Civil Procedure 2007_ at 18/19/17).
Here, a perusal of the statement of claim alone did not immediately reveal a
case so hopeless that no cause of action could be discerned.

14 However, a claim that is obviously unsustainable or wrong, even if not made
merely to annoy or embarrass an opponent, is also frivolous or vexatious under
ground (b): _The “Osprey”_ [2000] 1 SLR 281 at [8]. Upon examining the
pleadings and evidence, I concluded that the plaintiff’s claim was frivolous
in this sense and should be struck out.

Letters of intent “subject to contract”

15 As the plaintiff observed, whether the letters of intent were enforceable
without more was the “primary issue at hand”. It was undisputed that no formal
contract was executed which contained an option to purchase. On the
plaintiff’s own case, the only evidence of any option to purchase was clause
18 of REA’s letter of 10 July 2006 for 16 Boon Lay Way #01-40 Tradehub – in
other words, the letters of intent themselves.

16 The defendant argued that the plaintiff had no cause of action because the
letters of intent were subject to contract and the final Tenancy Agreements
did not provide for any option to purchase the Units. The alleged option to
purchase was therefore not enforceable. The plaintiff admitted, as it had to,
that the letters of intent were clearly labelled “subject to contract” (in
underlined capital letters right above the subject line on the first page of
the letters of intent), but asserted that neither the defendant nor its agent
REA explained the meaning of “subject to contract” to it. Further, the
plaintiff contended, Angela Ang confirmed that no other document would be
required to be executed or exchanged for the options to purchase to be valid
and enforceable.

17 This contention could not be accepted. As the defendant pointed out, Angela
Ang’s alleged oral assurances were brought up for the first time in the
plaintiff’s Reply, and had not been pleaded in the Statement of Claim. The
defendant argued that this allegation was an afterthought and in any case
could not amount to more than evidence of negotiations prior to the execution
of any agreement between the parties. That aside, the letters of intent spoke
loudly and clearly for themselves. The plaintiff’s director Ng Choon Beng may
have been educated only up to secondary four, but he was running a business of
mechanical engineering works and this was an agreement entered into by two
business parties at arm’s length. Regardless of what Angela Ang might have
said, the documents that the parties signed clearly indicated that they were
subject to contract. The very first paragraph of the letters of intent read:

We write to confirm that our prospect M/s Ground & Sharp Precision Engineering
Pte Ltd of Blk 2 Bukit Batok St 24, #03-07 Skytech Building Singapore 659480,
would like to lease the above-mentioned premises _subject to the Tenancy
Agreement_ and the following terms and conditions:- [emphasis added]

It is also worth noting the way in which the so-called option was phrased. It
appeared as clause 18 of the letters of intent and this clause contained six
sub-clauses, the most important of which in this context was the first:

Special request by Tenant: 1. Within 12 months from date of agreement, tenant
has an option to purchase at the following price: Contract price of
S$791,820.00 with renovation voucher of S$39,591.00 and absorption of stamp
fee of S$18,354.00. (equivalent to 10% +5%)

That clause makes plain that the plaintiff wanted a very specific option which
would be legally enforceable as all main consideration terms would be agreed.

18 The meaning of “subject to contract” is clear. This expression simply means
that “unless and until a formal written contract has been executed and
exchanged by the parties there is no binding and enforceable contract between
them. That is so even if the parties are in agreement as to all the terms.”
(_Thomson Plaza (Pte) Ltd v Liquidators of Yaohan Department Store Singapore
Pte Ltd_ [2001] 3 SLR 437 at [27].) Applying that principle, the letters of
intent were not themselves binding agreements.

19 As anticipated in the letters of intent, the parties subsequently entered
into binding contracts to wit the offer letters which in effect operated as
agreements to lease. When construction of the Units was completed and
possession could be given to the plaintiff, the Tenancy Agreements were
concluded in August 2007. The content of the Tenancy Agreements was previewed
in the terms of the offer letters. It bears emphasising that the offer letters
were not subject to contract but, on acceptance by the plaintiff of the offers
made therein by the defendant, became enforceable contractual documents. They
contained the main terms of the tenancy which would bind the parties until the
formal Tenancy Agreements could be signed. In none of the offer letters was
there any option provision. The plaintiff realised this and pressed Angela Ang
on the matter. That resulted in the issue of the defendant’s letter of 22
September 2006 in which the defendant indicated the extent to which it was
prepared to give the plaintiff a purchase option: the furthest it was willing
to go was to state that within 12 months of the commencement of the tenancies
the plaintiff would have an option to purchase the units “subject to contract,
at the prevailing market price to be mutually agreed upon”. This was not a
legally enforceable option but only an indication of a willingness to treat at
the appropriate time. Quite plainly the defendant was not prepared to commit
itself on the price in the manner that the plaintiff had requested.

20 When the Tenancy Agreements were issued about a year later they were signed
by Ng on every page and, from their execution, embodied the entirety of any
enforceable agreement between the parties. They did not contain any option
provision whether in the specific terms required by the plaintiff or even the
non-committal formulation used by the defendant in September 2006.

The Tenancy Agreements

21 The plaintiff could not seek to enforce a right that it omitted to bargain
for and include in either the offer letters or the Tenancy Agreements by
resort to the letters of intent as evidence of agreement between the parties
in respect of the option to purchase. In the recent case of _Zurich Insurance
(Singapore) Pte Ltd v B-Gold Interior Design & Construction Pte Ltd_ [2008]
SGCA 27 (“ _Zurich Insurance_ ”) the Court of Appeal stated the law on the
significance of extrinsic evidence to contractual interpretation. In
particular, the court held (at [114]-[120], [132(c)]) that ambiguity was not a
prerequisite for the introduction of contextual evidence.

22 The Tenancy Agreements were entered into on 8 August 2007, more than a year
after the letters of intent were signed on 13 July 2006. Any number of changes
could have been made during the parties’ negotiations in the interim. As the
Court of Appeal reiterated in _Zurich Insurance_ , the principle of
objectively ascertaining contractual intention remains paramount. It also
warned (at [132(f)]) that the court “should always be careful to ensure that
extrinsic evidence is used to explain and illuminate the written words, and
not to contradict or vary them.” In that case, the parties did not dispute
that the terms of the contract in question represented the complete agreement
between them. Thus, under s 94 of the Evidence Act no extrinsic evidence was
admissible. The present case is only cosmetically different: while the
plaintiff asserted that the option to purchase was omitted from the Tenancy
Agreements due to its own oversight, it could not deny that the offer letters
and the Tenancy Agreements do not provide for any such option to purchase.
Thus by its claim the plaintiff sought to hold the defendant to an alleged
obligation in the Tenancy Agreements, evidence of which is nowhere to be found
in the same, but only in the earlier letters of intent. To allow the plaintiff
to proceed to trial would be an error of law and contrary to s 94 of the
Evidence Act. The holding in _Zurich Insurance_ that ambiguity is not a
prerequisite for the admissibility of extrinsic evidence does not change the
fundamental rule that a contract is to be interpreted objectively. The absence
of a term regarding an option to purchase in either the offer letters or the
Tenancy Agreements must therefore be conclusive.

23 The defendant also argued that even if the letters of intent amounted to an
agreement between the parties, clause 18 provided that “[w]ithin 12 months
from date of agreement, tenant has an option to purchase at the following
price….” The defendant asserted that the period of 12 months expired on 12
July 2007, the “agreement” being the letters of intent themselves and not the
Tenancy Agreement (which was referred to as such in other clauses of the
letters of intent). This was not _per se_ a ground for striking out the
plaintiff’s claim. The “agreement” which was to determine the period of the
option to purchase was not defined, and could have been the letters of intent
or the offer letters or the Tenancy Agreements; this was an ambiguity that,
while not prerequisite for the admissibility of extrinsic evidence, could
justify resort to such contextual evidence. However, this issue was moot in
the present case because the letters of intent were not binding. Thus the
purported exercise of any option to purchase would have to be by the parties’
subsequent agreement and not as a matter of contractual right in accordance
with the letters of intent.

24 The plaintiff’s claim had to be struck out not because the plaintiff
attempted to exercise the option to purchase after the expiry of 12 months,
but because it was not logically possible for the claim to succeed: it was not
disputed that the letters of intent were subject to contract and that the
contract that materialised to give effect to the parties’ intentions (_i.e._
the offer letters and, later, the Tenancy Agreements) did not provide for any
option to purchase. The plaintiff as good as admitted that it had no case on
the basis of the signed documents. Its claim was obviously unsustainable and,
as such, frivolous. I did not, however, find that the claim was scandalous or
an abuse of the process of the court. Nor was it vexatious in the sense that
it was brought “to annoy or embarrass [the defendant], or [was] not calculated
to lead to any practical result.” (_Goh Koon Suan v Heng Gek Kiau_ [1990] SLR
1251) While the “categories of conduct rendering a claim frivolous, vexatious
or an abuse of process are not closed and will depend on all the relevant
circumstances of the case,” (_Gabriel Peter & Partners v Wee Chong Jin_ [1998]
1 SLR 374 at [22]) there is no evidence here of a lack of _bona fides_ or an
attempt at oppression on the plaintiff’s part.

25 For completeness, I should also note that the plaintiff was, as the
defendant argued, not entitled to plead the allegations in its reply (see
[7]-[9] _supra_) that were not consequential upon the amendments made in the
defence (amendment no. 1) (O 20 rr 3, 4; _Singapore Civil Procedure 2007_ at
[20/4/8]). Considering that these allegations of Angela Ang’s oral
representations were contradicted by the affidavit of Winston Woon, who
affirmed that the plaintiff had fully appreciated the nature of the
transaction, and given the provision in the booking forms that the developer
was under no obligation to issue the option to purchase, there was some merit
to the defendant’s argument that the matters pleaded in the reply were bare
allegations of doubtful genuineness, made in an attempt to defeat the
striking-out application.

Conclusion

26 As the plaintiff characterised its own case, it was “an aggrieved purchaser
who thought initially that it had entered into a good bargain but realised
subsequently that it had been short-changed because it was not careful with
the contractual documents.”[note: 1] The plaintiff cannot now premise a claim
on its own failure to ensure that the options to purchase were incorporated
into the final contract. The letters of intent were not binding or
enforceable, and the plaintiff thus had no cause of action with any prospect
of success. As Nathan J said in _Connell v National Companies and Securities
Commission_ 15 ACLR 75 at 79 (quoted by Choo Han Teck J in _Kim Hok Yung v
Cooperatieve Centrale Raiffeisen-Boerenleenbank BA_ [2000] 4 SLR 508 at [18]),
the “forlorn nature of the plaintiff’s claim is apparent on the documents.
Nothing could breathe life into it.” The appeal was dismissed with costs to
the defendant fixed at $4,000.

_________________

[note: 1]Plaintiff’s written submissions at [11]

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 22 Sep 2008 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

