Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Public Prosecutor v Amir bin Jubir  
[2008] SGHC 80

Case Number | : | CC 7/2008  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 29 May 2008  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Woo Bih Li J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Francis Ng and Shawn Ho (Deputy Public Prosecutors) for the prosecution; Johan bin Ismail (Johan Ismail & Co) and Ong Cheong Wei (Ong Cheong Wei & Co) for the accused   
Parties | : |  Public Prosecutor — Amir bin Jubir   
  
Criminal Law  
  

29 May 2008 |   
---|---  
  
Woo Bih Li J:

Introduction

1 Amir bin Jubir (“the Accused”) faced the following charge under the Misuse
of Drugs Act (Cap 185, 2001 Rev Ed) (“the Act”):

That you, Amir Bin Jubir

On the 31st day of May 2007, at or about 8.00 p.m., in front of Block 546
Bedok North Street 3, Singapore, did traffic in a controlled drug specified in
Class “A” of the First Schedule to the Misuse of Drugs Act, Chapter 185, to
wit, by having 76.07 grams of diamorphine in your possession for the purpose
of trafficking, without any authorisation under the said Act or the
regulations made thereunder, and you have thereby committed an offence under
section 5(1)(a) read with section 5(2) and punishable under section 33 of the
Misuse of Drugs Act, Chapter 185.

2 At about 4.30pm of 31 May 2007, officers of the Central Narcotics Bureau
(‘CNB’) attended a briefing to look out for and arrest the Accused who was
believed to be collecting a drug consignment from Malaysia and travelling to
Singapore the same day in a Proton Wira bearing registration number JGJ 7481
(“the Vehicle”).

3 At about 7.15pm, one of the CNB officers reported that he had spotted the
Vehicle entering the Woodlands Checkpoint. The Vehicle was tailed by various
teams of CNB officers. Eventually, at about 8.05pm, the Vehicle entered the
car park of Block 543 to Block 547 Bedok North Street s3. The Accused was
observed alighting from the Vehicle carrying a red paper bag (“the red paper
bag”) and walking towards Block 546. Instructions were then given for his
arrest. Various officers then proceeded to arrest the Accused who put up a
struggle but was eventually handcuffed and arrested. Thereafter the Accused
and the red paper bag were brought to the void deck of Block 543 to await the
arrival of CNB officers from the Special Task Force (“STF”). At about 8.20pm,
the Accused and the red paper bag and its contents were handed over to STF
officers.

4 The Accused was then escorted to one of the second floor staircase landings
of Block 543. He was searched and a mobile phone was recovered from one of the
pockets of his jeans. Subsequently a call was received on the Accused’s mobile
phone from a male Chinese who was later ascertained by CNB officers from the
Accused to be “Ah Pui” whose name is Loh King Fong (“Loh”). In the course of
this call and other calls between the Accused and Loh, Loh arranged to meet
the Accused at the “same place”. The Accused informed CNB officers that the
“same place” was a reference to the staircase landing next to his residence at
Block 546 Bedok North Street 3 #02-1418. At about 9pm, the Accused received a
call from his mobile phone from Loh stating that he had arrived. Loh was then
arrested.

5 At about 9.15pm, a statement was recorded from the Accused by Senior Staff
Sergeant Ng Yeong Kok (“SSSgt Ng”) inside CNB vehicle SGE 4965E. The Accused
chose to speak in English and his statement was recorded by hand in the
pocketbook of SSSgt Ng which the Accused signed. I did not know why the
Prosecution and the Defence referred to this statement in submissions as the
Accused’s oral statement. It was no more oral than his subsequent statements
which were typed out. I will refer to this statement as “the first statement”.
In the first statement, the Accused said that two wrapped bundles in the red
paper bag contained medicine.

6 At about 10.15pm, the Accused was escorted to his residence. Inside his
apartment, the Accused was asked whether he had anything to declare. He
indicated that there were two packets of a granular powdery substance inside a
locked drawer in a cupboard in a bedroom and that the drawer could be opened
with one of the keys found inside the red paper bag. The CNB officer used one
of the keys to open the drawer and seized the two packets. Two notebooks were
also seized from a shelf in the cupboard. The CNB party then left with the
Accused and arrived at CNB headquarters at about 11pm.

7 At about 12.43am of 1 June 2007, Inspector Lim Wee Beng (“the IO”) took over
custody of the Accused and the red paper bag which contained the two bundles,
cash amounting to S$800 and a bunch of keys. For the avoidance of confusion, I
would mention that the two bundles were not the two packets which were seized
from the Accused’s residence.

8 At about 1.30am of 1 June 2007, the two bundles and the other contents were
removed from the red paper bag in the presence of the Accused. The two bundles
were unwrapped and each was found to contain 60 packets of a granular powdery
substance. These items, believed to contain controlled drugs (“the drug
exhibits”), and the other contents mentioned at [7] above were marked and
photographed. The drug exhibits were then locked in a safe in the IO’s office.

9 At about 3.20am, the drug exhibits were removed from the safe and weighed in
the presence of the Accused. The weight of each packet with its contents was
recorded in a record book and the drug exhibits were then locked up again in
the IO’s safe.

10 At about 5.30am, the IO proceeded to record a cautioned statement from the
Accused with the aid of an interpreter in the Malay language as the Accused
said he preferred to converse in Malay. A charge of trafficking in a
controlled drug, _i.e_. 120 packets of powdery substance weighing 960.29 grams
containing diamorphine, and the consequence of capital punishment was read out
and explained to the Accused. The usual warning was given to him to say
whatever he wanted to say in his defence. He then said:

I admit guilty to the charge. I do not have any drug record and I don’t smoke
any drugs. This is the first time I am involved in a drug case I regretted
[_sic_] what I have done and really hope that I will not be given the death
sentence. My family loved [_sic_] me. The driver is not guilty. He doesn’t
know anything. I hope he will not be involved in this case. He is innocent.
That’s all.

11 The Accused subsequently made eight long statements to the IO with the aid
of an interpreter between 2 June 2007 and 6 June 2007. It was not disputed
that he made the first statement, the cautioned statement and the eight long
statements voluntarily and I so found.

12 On 7 June 2007, the IO retrieved the drug exhibits from his safe. He re-
marked one bundle of 60 packets as “Z” and another bundle of 60 packets as “Y”
and thereafter handed them over the Ms Lim Jong Lee Wendy (“Ms Lim”), an
analyst with the Health Sciences Authority. Ms Lim gave evidence that one lot
of 60 packets (which she received from the IO in a sealed bundle marked “Z”)
contained not less than 37.77 grams of diamorphine at a confidence level of
99.99999%. Another lot of 60 packets (which she received from the IO in a
sealed bundle marked “Y”) contained not less than 38.30 grams of diamorphine
at a confidence level of 99.9999%.

13 Of the two notebooks seized from a drawer in the Accused’s residence, one
was a bigger notebook (“the bigger notebook”) and the other was a smaller one,
red in color, with the numbers “555” on the cover (“the red “555” notebook”).
The Accused accepted that he made the handwritten notes in each notebook.

14 In the bigger notebook, there were various entries with dates, times, names
and details. For example, a page of the bigger notebook had the following
entries:

|  |   
---|---|---  
16/5/07 (_went in JB_) |  Total – 120 + 56 = 176  
|  
***** 04 – 30 + $6000 - $100 (short of $100) |   
|  |   
***** 02 – 2 + $660 - $60 (my commission) |   
|  |   
***** Ah San – 3 fish + $4500 Total $11000  
|  |  |   
  
15 Other pages contained words like “barang”, “cold”, “panas”, “slab”, “fish”.

16 In the red 555 notebook, there was a page with two headings “Business” and
“Sideline”. Under “Business”, the following words were listed “Asap”, “Ikan”,
“Sayur”, “Kunci”, “Minyak Wangi”, “Ah Long”, “Pompan”, “Assasin”, “Liquor”,
“H/P” and “Ubat”.

17 Senior Staff Sergeant Mohamed Affendi Bin Ideris (“SSSgt Affendi”), gave
evidence on the meaning of some words above. As at the time of the trial, he
had had more than 12 years of experience as a CNB officer. He said that:

(a) “Barang” is a Malay word which literally means “things” but in the context
of the drug trade, it refers to “drugs”;

(b) “Cold” is the street jargon for “Ice”;

(c) “Panas” is a Malay word which literally means “hot” but is street jargon
for the drug “diamorphine” while the English street jargon for diamorphine is
“heroin”;

(d) “Slab” is the street jargon for the drug “Erimin 5” which comes in slabs;

(e) “Fish” is the street name for the drug “Ecstasy”. The Malay street name
for “Ecstasy” is “ikan”;

(f) “Sayur” is a Malay word which literally means “vegetable” but is street
jargon for the drug “cannabis”;

(g) “Kunci” is a Malay word which literally means “key” but is street jargon
for the drug “Erimin 5”; and

(h)  “Ubat” is a Malay word which literally means “medicine” but is street
jargon for heroin.

18 SSSgt Affendi also noted that one page in the bigger notebook had the name
“Andrew Teo (2 pcks) - $660”. He understood “pcks” to mean “packets”. In his
experience, one packet of heroin had a street price of between S$200 and S$300
per packet. No other drug price was close to such a price.

19 Sergeant Muhammad Fardlie Bin Ramlie (“Sgt Fardlie”), another CNB officer
with four and a half years experience as a CNB officer as at the time of the
trial, said that the scientific name for “Ice” is “methamphetamine”. He
corroborated SSSgt Affendi’s evidence on the street jargon for “barang”,
“cold”, “panas”, “ikan”, “sayur”, “kunci”, “ubat”. He said that the street
price for two packets of heroin is S$660. Heroin is sold in straws or packets
and each packet contains about 8 grams of heroin. The street jargon had been
in use longer than his length of service in the CNB.

Background events according to the Accused

20 I come now to the background as to how the Accused came to be carrying the
heroin which was the subject of the charge. The evidence is from his eight
long statements and his oral testimony.

21 According to the Accused, he was at a coffeeshop near his residence on 11
April 2007 when an Indian man came to join him and introduced himself as
“Maren”. They had drinks and spoke in English. The Accused told Maren that he
understood he was going to face a fine from the court the next day for
offences that he had committed. Maren said he would try to help the Accused.
When the Accused eventually left the coffeeshop, after sitting with Maren for
about three hours, Maren, whom the Accused thought was drunk, asked for the
Accused’s telephone number. The Accused gave Maren his mobile telephone
number. On 12 April 2007, after a S$3,000 fine had been imposed on the Accused
and he had been sent to the lock-up of the Subordinate Courts, he was informed
that he could leave as someone had paid the fine for him. The Accused then met
his brother and friends outside the Subordinate Courts and they told the
Accused that an Indian man, who was a friend of the Accused’s, had paid the
fine and would call the Accused later on. The Accused said he subsequently
made a total of nine trips to Malaysia in which he met Maren.

**_First trip_**

22 The first trip took place about one and a half months before the Accused
gave a statement on 2 June 2007. Maren had called the Accused after 12 April
2007 and asked the Accused to go to Johor Bahru to meet him. The Accused
agreed to meet him as he wanted to see Maren face-to-face to find out whether
he was the person who had paid the Accused’s fine. The Accused subsequently
travelled to Johor Bahru and met Maren at a coffeeshop. Maren asked the
Accused how he was and about the Accused’s fine. The Accused said that it had
been paid and asked Maren whether he was the one who had paid the fine.
However, Maren merely laughed and dismissed the Accused’s question. Maren also
told the Accused that he sold medicine “all over”. The Accused and Maren then
had dinner and went to do some shopping. The Accused was given S$100 to take a
taxi back to Singapore. From this meeting, the Accused was convinced that it
was Maren who had paid his fine.

**_Second trip_**

23 A week or two after the first meeting in Johor Bahru, Maren called the
Accused again and the Accused made a second trip to Johor Bahru where he met
Maren. The meeting took place in a terrace house where the Accused saw a
Chinese man smoking Shisha using a small vase which contained water. The
Accused did not think that there was anything wrong with smoking Shisha as he
had seen people doing that along Arab Street in Singapore, although those
people were using vases longer than the one used by the Chinese man. He heard
Maren speak to the Chinese man in Malay while he (the Accused) was watching
television. Subsequently Maren passed the Accused a wrapped bundle to deliver
to Maren’s friend, Vincent. The bundle looked like the two bundles found in
the red paper bag. When the Accused asked Maren why the bundle was wrapped up,
Maren explained that this was because it contained medicine that was rare and
expensive and which Maren did not want to become spoiled or come into contact
with air. The Accused trusted Maren who had helped him by paying his fine.
Also, the Accused was thinking that if the substance was illegal Maren would
not have handed the bundle to him in a paper bag without asking the Accused to
hide the bundle. Maren gave him S$50 and RM50 and a telephone number to
contact Vincent after he returned to Singapore. He returned to Singapore with
the bundle and delivered it to Vincent without inspecting its contents. He
received a sum of S$300 from Vincent for delivering the bundle. The Accused
said that Maren had called him two minutes after he had delivered the bundle
to Vincent and told him that Vincent was his worker and that he had instructed
Vincent to give the S$300 to the Accused for his efforts. When the Accused
asked Maren why he was given so much, Maren told him to just take the money
since he had no job and came from a poor family.

24 The Accused said about five days after he delivered the bundle to Vincent,
he tried to contact Vincent because Maren’s previous telephone number was not
in use any more. However Vincent had changed his number. The Accused was
trying to contact Maren to do further deliveries to earn money.

**_Third trip_**

25 A few days later, Maren called the Accused again using a private number as
the number did not appear on the caller identification facility of the
Accused’s mobile phone. Maren asked the Accused to meet him in Johor Bahru as
he wanted the Accused’s help to deliver more bundles. The Accused proceeded as
requested and met up with Maren at a coffee shop. Thereafter they had dinner
at a hawker centre. Maren’s Indian friend Guru joined them after dinner and
all three thereafter went to a double storey house without furniture. The
Accused saw Maren and Guru smoking from vases which looked like those for
smoking Shisha. The next morning, Maren, Guru and the Accused went to a big
store where Maren bought ziplock bags, straws, gas refillers and other items
that he explained to the Accused were needed for his business. Maren passed
another wrapped bundle to the Accused, which looked like the first bundle and
instructed the Accused to buy a notebook. Maren did not give the Accused any
instructions as to who to pass the bundle to, but told the Accused that he
would call between 3.00pm to 4.00pm. Thereafter, the Accused returned to
Singapore with the bundle and locked the bundle inside his bedroom cupboard.
The Accused explained that he was in the habit of locking his cupboard because
his younger brother Hamzah often used his clothes without his permission. The
Accused then left his residence to purchase a notebook as instructed by Maren.
The Accused purchased two small notebooks with “555” on the cover, one with a
brown cover (“the brown “555” notebook) and the other was the red “555”
notebook.

26 Later that day, Maren called the Accused and, after confirming that the
Accused had bought a notebook, told the Accused to write down whatever he said
inside the notebook. The Accused then did as he was instructed and copied down
some names, numbers and sums of money inside the brown “555” notebook.
Thereafter, Maren instructed the Accused to open the bundle that he had been
given and to give the small packets inside to persons who would call the
Accused. Maren told him that such persons were his employees. From then on,
the Accused assumed that the callers were Maren’s employees[note: 1]. The
Accused opened the bundle and saw that there were 30 packets of a white
granular/powdery substance inside which he assumed to be medicine. He asked
Maren what this medicine was and Maren told him it was sulphur. He further
asked Maren why it was white in colour when he thought sulphur was yellow and
Maren replied that this was “mother of sulphur” and that it could be further
processed to make more of it. The Accused said that he believed Maren as he
did not have knowledge about medicine whereas Maren was in the business of
selling medicine. The Accused subsequently delivered all the packets to
persons who called him and collected several thousand dollars in total. He
himself was paid S$450. The Accused said that initially, he had handed over
the packets without wrapping them up but was told by the intended recipients
of the packets to wrap the packets first. Maren also called the accused and
told him to wrap the packets to prevent air from entering the packets.

**_Fourth trip_**

27 About four days after the third trip, when all 30 packets had been
distributed, Maren called the Accused again and asked the Accused to meet him
at ‘Todays’, a big store in Masai, Johor Bahru, with the money that the
Accused had collected. The Accused did as he was told and met up with Maren at
a hawker centre. Maren was with three people who left shortly. While waiting
for Guru, both of them went shopping and Maren bought the same things as
before, via gas refillers, straws, scotch tapes and aluminium foil. Guru
subsequently joined them and the three of them continued shopping. Thereafter
they proceeded to a house located at Jalan Kanchil. There, Maren took out a
bundle wrapped in a black plastic bag and closed the doors of the house, drew
the curtains closed and laid newspapers on the floor of the hall[note: 2].
Maren also took out a weighing machine and small plastic bags that he had
bought earlier. Maren then spoke to Guru in Tamil, following which the latter
placed the bundle on the newspapers and tore open the black plastic bag,
revealing a white plastic material containing a “stone-like yellow brick”.
Guru then used an empty bottle to smash this stone into powder. The Accused
asked Maren what this was. His evidence as to Maren’s reply varied. On some
occasions, he said Maren told him it was sulphur, and on other occasions, he
said Maren told him it was “mother of sulphur”. This time the substance was
yellow in colour, not white. Maren told him that the white ones were very rare
but the yellow ones were good too. When the Accused saw the yellow colour and
heard that the substance was some kind of sulphur, he was more convinced that
it was sulphur.

28 The Accused then helped Guru to scoop the powder into small plastic bags.
Guru then weighed the small plastic bags containing the powder to make sure
that the weight of each was 8 grams after which Maren sealed the packets using
a burner. After about 120 packets had been packed in this manner, Maren placed
60 packets inside a bigger plastic bag and used masking tape to wrap the
plastic bag into a bundle before doing the same for the remaining 60 packets.
The two bundles looked like the ones in the red paper bag. Maren then gave the
two bundles to the Accused and asked the Accused to go back to Singapore and
wait for calls before giving the packets inside the bundles to those who
called the Accused. The Accused brought the two bundles back to Singapore,
locked them in his bedroom cupboard, and waited for the calls. One of the
calls that the Accused received was from a male Chinese who collected 30
packets and gave the Accused S$5,000. This person also subsequently collected
other packets of substance on other occasions but the Accused was not able to
remember his telephone number. The Accused also did not store the number
“because these people [would] always change numbers”[note: 3].

**_Fifth Trip_**

29 Four days after the Accused collected the two bundles, Maren called and
told the Accused to go to Johor Bahru to give him the money that he had
collected. The Accused made his fifth trip to Johor Bahru where he met Maren
and handed over about S$10,000 to Maren. The Accused explained that there were
times where he collected money in return for the packets he was delivering,
and at other times, Maren had asked him just to collect money[note: 4]. The
S$10,000 was from both sources.

30 The Accused received S$300 from Maren for his transport and returned to
Singapore where he continued to wait for calls before delivering the packets
from the bundles that he had received during the fourth trip.

**_Sixth Trip_**

31 Four days after the fifth trip, Maren again called the Accused to go to
Johor Bahru to pass him the money that had been collected. The Accused did as
instructed and received S$300 from Maren. He then returned to Singapore and
continued delivering the packets inside the bundles that he had received
during the fourth trip.

**_Seventh Trip_**

32 Three to four days after the sixth trip, Maren called the Accused and asked
him to go to Johor Bahru again to pass him the money that had been collected.
The Accused made his seventh trip to Johor Bahru where he met Maren in a four
room flat and handed over the money collected. He received another $300 and
this time, he also received another wrapped bundle from Maren. Maren also told
the Accused that he would call the Accused less frequently as he could see
that the Accused was tired and the Accused was to keep the money that the
Accused would collect until he called the Accused. After returning to
Singapore, the Accused placed the bundle he had collected into his cupboard
and locked it. Thereafter, Maren called him and gave him a few telephone
numbers to arrange with the persons contacted for the delivery of the packets
of substance (from the fourth trip). Maren told the Accused to delete the
telephone numbers after the Accused had made contact. The Accused made the
telephone calls and made deliveries to about five people at various locations
and collected about S$7,000 in all. Once again, there was no standard price
for each packet. After making the deliveries, the Accused went home and opened
the bundle he had received on his seventh trip. There were 60 packets of white
substance which looked like powder. He put the packets inside a paper bag and
placed the bag in his cupboard and locked it. During the next ten days, the
Accused would wait for calls before making deliveries. On one day he spoke to
Maren to say it was too tiring to make the deliveries whereupon Maren told him
that in future, the persons would come over to the Accused’s place to collect
the packets from the Accused. When the packets in the bundle were almost
completely delivered. Maren told the Accused to collect money since some
people had not paid in full for the packets they had received.

**_Eighth Trip_**

33 The Accused had accumulated between S$16,000 and S$17,000 after collecting
various sums of money. Maren subsequently called the Accused again and
instructed him to go to Johor Bahru to collect another bundle but not to bring
the money. When the Accused eventually met Maren in the course of this eighth
trip, Maren passed two wrapped bundles to the Accused, one of which was
smaller than the other. Maren said both bundles contained a total of 80
packets. Maren also handed S$500 to the Accused as payment for delivering the
two bundles to Maren’s employees. When the Accused arrived in Singapore he
opened both bundles. The powder in the packets was white in colour. He
proceeded to wrap the packets with paper. Some of the packets in these two
bundles were collected by Loh on the same day on which the Accused returned to
Singapore with the two bundles.

**_Ninth trip_**

34 On 31 May 2007, about four days after the Accused had collected the two
bundles, he received a call from Maren who instructed the Accused to go to
Johor Bahru to see him after delivering some packets to another guy. After the
delivery, the Accused was left with two packets of white powder. The Accused
then went to Johor Bahru bringing with him about S$36,000, including S$17,000
he had collected previously, in the red paper bag. When the Accused met Maren
in Johor Bahru, he handed over the money. Maren counted the money and handed
the Accused S$500 and two wrapped bundles which the Accused placed into the
red paper bag.

35 One Mohamed Nasir then drove the Accused back to Singapore in the Vehicle.
He picked up two other passengers along the way and in Singapore he dropped
them off at Choa Chu Kang before dropping the Accused near his home. After
alighting, the Accused was walking to Block 546 Bedok North Street 3 carrying
the red paper bag in his left hand and his mobile phone in his right hand when
he saw Sergeant Muhammed Nizammudin Bin Jailani (“Sgt Nizammudin”) walking
towards him and staring at him as though he wanted to pick a fight with him.
Sgt Nizammudin then pushed his shoulder against the Accused’s. The Accused
then punched Sgt Nizammudin as he thought that the latter wanted to create
trouble for him. The Accused was immediately surrounded by a group of people
who attacked him. One kicked his right hand and his mobile phone fell to the
ground. He was pushed to the ground still holding onto the red paper bag. He
was eventually handcuffed, at which point he let go of the red paper bag. The
Accused said Sgt Nizammudin did not identify himself as a CNB officer and he
had clung onto the red paper bag because he thought he was being attacked by
robbers and there was money in the bag. After he had been handcuffed, one of
the persons in the group introduced himself or herself as a CNB officer. The
Accused said that he had asked “Why?” at some point in time and claimed that
he was told “Your game is over”. The Accused was escorted to the second level
of Block 543 Bedok North Street 3. There, an officer opened the red paper bag
and took out two bundles. He asked the Accused what the bundles were and the
Accused said that it was medicine. The officer opened one of the bundles and
showed the Accused a packet of white powdery substance. He asked the Accused
again what that was and the Accused said it was medicine. The officer then
asked what medicine it was and the Accused said that it was sulphur. The
officer then scolded the Accused and said that sulphur is yellow in colour and
the Accused told the officer that he knew sulphur was yellow but that this one
was rare. He then asked the officer what it was and was told “That’s heroin”.
The Accused said that the officer with whom he had been speaking was SSSgt
Mohamed Affendi. The Accused also said that at that time he did not know what
heroin was. The Accused asked the officer a few times what the item was and
was told that it was a (controlled) drug. However, the Accused was not
convinced because he believed Maren when Maren told him that it was sulphur.

36 The Accused also saw SSSgt Mohamed Affendi and Sgt Fardlie holding his
mobile phone. Loh was making contact with the Accused through his mobile phone
and eventually the Accused arranged to meet with Loh at Block 546 Bedok North
Street 3.

37 The Accused was subsequently brought to a CNB vehicle where he gave the
first statement. He was also escorted to his residence by CNB officers and
asked whether there were any more bundles whereupon the Accused disclosed the
two packets locked in his bedroom cupboard. The bigger notebook and the red
“555” notebook were also seized from the Accused’s bedroom wardrobe. The
Accused explained that some of the contents of the bigger notebook had
originally been copied down inside the brown “555” notebook that he had bought
pursuant to Maren’s instructions. After some time, the Accused found that he
needed more space to record Maren’s instructions. The Accused transferred the
contents of the brown “555” notebook into the bigger notebook (which he bought
later) before throwing the brown “555” notebook away. He had continued copying
what Maren told him into the bigger notebook thereafter. He said that, with a
few exceptions, everything else in the bigger notebook (including what had
been copied over from the brown “555” notebook) had been written down on
Maren’s instructions. He also said that Maren had told him, when he had asked
Maren why he had to write down all these things, that the information was not
important to the Accused but was important for him (_ie_ , Maren). Maren also
told the Accused that he himself had recorded the information somewhere and if
he were to lose that information, he could simply ask the Accused for the
information. The Accused testified on certain words in the bigger notebook
_ie_ , “barang”, “cold”, “panas”, “slab” and “fish”. He said he did not know
what they meant although he guessed that “slab” referred to slabs of panadol.
He disagreed that these five words he had written were meant to refer to
drugs, Ice, heroin, Eramin 5 or Ecstasy respectively. The Accused also
testified as to the meaning of various entries written in the red “555”
notebook under the heading “Business” on one of the pages therein. He said
that the words “ikan”, “sayur” and “kunci” had been written on slips of paper
over the years and were later transferred by him into the red “555” notebook,
after which he added in the word “ubat”. The Accused said that the words
“ikan” and “sayur” referred to an incident when a friend of his who sold
fruits in the market had suggested that he start a business selling fish and
vegetables in the market. He said that he wrote the word “kunci” because a
couple, who were friends of his and who were wholesalers for women’s
accessories, had suggested that the Accused sell key chains together with
them. As regards “ubat”, the Accused claimed that this referred to the
medicine or sulphur that he had been delivering. The Accused denied that
“ikan”, “sayur” and “kunci” were meant to refer to Ecstasy, cannabis and
Erimin 5 respectively.

38 The Accused said that his admission of guilt to the charge in his cautioned
statement meant that he was admitting only to the act of trafficking since it
was explained to him that trafficking means the giving and receiving of money
in return and he had been giving medicine and receiving money in return. The
Accused said that when his cautioned statement was being recorded, he had
forgotten that SSSgt Affendi had told him that he had been carrying heroin.
However, it dawned on him then that they were drugs and not sulphur because
the authorities would not spend so much time on sulphur. Also, he had heard
CNB officers talking among themselves and saying that the substance was a
(controlled) drug and telling the driver of the Vehicle at Police Cantonment
Complex that it was a (controlled) drug. Finally, the Accused claimed that he
had abhorred drugs since he was young. He felt remorseful and a deep sense of
regret upon realising that he had in fact been distributing drugs instead of
medicine. He thus stated in his cautioned statement that he regretted what he
had done and hoped he would not be given the death sentence.

The submissions

39 The Accused’s position was that he had trusted and believed what Maren had
said. He thought that he had been carrying sulphur on the various occasions
including the occasion on the day of his arrest, _viz,_ 31 May 2007. To
support his position, he noted that he had not been asked to hide the previous
bundles or those bundles he was carrying on 31 May 2007.

40 The Defence submitted that even Loh’s evidence was in favour of the
Accused’s ignorance. Loh said that because the Accused had handed packets (of
heroin) to him in public areas like a coffeeshop on some occasions, he thought
that the Accused did not know that he (the Accused) was handling controlled
drugs. Other locations of delivery included a main road. The packets were at
times not wrapped although on other occasions they were.

41 The Defence did not dispute the evidence from the Prosecution that the
various words I mentioned above in the bigger notebook and the red “555”
notebook were street names for various controlled drugs. However, the Defence
submitted that the Accused did not know that these words were street names for
controlled drugs.

42 As for the first statement, the Defence pointed out that the Accused had
already said that he was carrying medicine and submitted that he did not then
say it was sulphur because there was no follow-up question as to what sort of
medicine he was carrying.

43 As for the Accused’s cautioned statement in which he admitted his guilt to
a charge of trafficking in 960.29 gram of diamorphine, the Defence submitted
that what the Accused was agreeing to was the act of trafficking. The Defence
submitted that even the interpreter Mdm Sofia Binte Sufri (“Mdm Sofia”) agreed
that the Accused was agreeing to the act of trafficking only. Therefore the
Defence submitted that the Accused had merely agreed to the _actus reus_ but
not to the _mens rea_. The Defence also submitted that the IO recording the
cautioned statement should have asked the Accused why he was admitting guilty
to the charge when in the first statement (to SSSgt Ng) he had said he was
carrying medicine. This point presumed that the IO knew what the Accused had
said in the first statement.

44 The Defence also submitted that the evidence of Staff Sergeant Fakhruddin
Arrazi Bin Mohd Ismail (“SSgt Fakhruddin”) who said he identified himself as a
CNB officer should not be accepted as his evidence was unreliable. For
example, this officer had said the Accused was not struggling violently
whereas other officers said the Accused did do so.

45 The Prosecution submitted that the evidence of SSgt Fakhruddin that he had
identified himself as a CNB officer should be accepted and that the Accused’s
violent struggle during the arrest suggested that he knew he was carrying
controlled drugs.

46 The Prosecution submitted that I should not accept the Accused’s evidence
regarding his reasons for his cautioned statement as his evidence was not
credible. First, although the Accused said he had sought an explanation of the
word “trafficking” from Mdm Sofia, she said that he had not.

47 Secondly, during cross examination, the Accused suddenly asked what the
difference was between diamorphine and heroin because he remembered that SSSgt
Affendi had told him that he was carrying heroin whereas the word (in the
charge which was the subject of his cautioned statement) was “diamorphine”.
Yet, no CNB officer had told him that he was carrying heroin and Mdm Sofia had
said she had mentioned that “diamorphine” was heroin to him.

48 Thirdly, the Accused said he had mentioned to Mdm Sofia that he had given
medicine when his cautioned statement was being recorded, but then retracted
this evidence.

49 Fourthly, the Accused said during cross examination that he was disturbed
and could not think straight when his cautioned statement was being recorded
but this was in stark contrast to his rehearsed reasons during evidence-in-
chief for admitting his guilt.

50 Fifthly, if the Accused only knew after his arrest that he was carrying
heroin, he would have stated this in his cautioned statement.

51 Sixthly, if the Accused genuinely abhorred drugs he would have behaved with
far greater circumspection instead of simply trusting Maren.

52 As for the entries in the bigger notebook, the Prosecution submitted that
it was illogical for Maren to dictate the entries to the Accused just to have
backup information for himself when he (Maren) could have easily made a copy
for himself and kept it at a different location.

53 Secondly, the Accused did not provide a consistent or logical explanation
as to why some names or figures were ticked off with one, two or three ticks,
and in some other instances, no ticks. Initially, the Accused said he would
make a tick if he was coincidentally holding a pen when Maren spoke to him,
but later he changed his evidence to say that a tick was made as a
confirmation and no tick was made if Maren’s instructions were already
clear[note: 5]. As for the different number of ticks, they represented each
instance that Maren repeated what he had said. So, if he repeated what he had
said once, there would be one tick, and if twice or thrice, then two or three
ticks respectively[note: 6]. The Prosecution submitted that the entries in the
bigger notebook were written by the Accused to serve as his own record of
illegal drug activities and that he knew and was applying the words “slab”,
“fish”, cold” and “panas” as street jargon for various controlled drugs.

54 As for the words in the red ‘555’ notebook the Prosecution submitted that
the Accused also knew and applied words like “ikan”, “sayur”, “kunci” and
“ubat” as street jargon for various controlled drugs. Although such words
would appear innocuous individually, their appearance in the red ‘555’
notebook was not a mere coincidence

55 As for the Accused’s explanation that he thought that what he was carrying
was sulphur or “mother of sulphur”, the Prosecution submitted that this was
not mentioned by the Accused in his first statement on the day of arrest,
(when he mentioned “medicine” only), nor in his cautioned statement. It was
first mentioned in the statement recorded on 3 June 2007 at 11.03am. Any claim
by the Accused that he had already mentioned “sulphur” to CNB officers at the
staircase landing on the day of arrest should not be believed. The Accused had
mixed up his evidence as to which CNB officer he had said this to, first
saying it was SSSgt Affendi and then SSSgt Ng, both of whom denied such an
allegation.

56 Alternatively, the Prosecution submitted that the Accused had been wilfully
blind in the face of many facts which ought to have prompted the Accused to
make further enquiries. The Court of Appeal in _Tan Kiam Peng_ _v PP_ [2008] 1
SLR 1 (“ _Tan Kiam Peng_ ”) has recently dealt with the concept of wilful
blindness as being the legal equivalent of actual knowledge and discussed some
aspects of such blindness.

57 Thus, when the Accused first received a bundle to deliver to Vincent, it
occurred to him that the bundle might contain “contraband” or “an illegal
substance” but he simply trusted Maren’s explanation that it was medicine.

58 On the Accused’s third trip to Johor Bahru, he saw that the substance was
white and not yellow in colour. He knew sulphur was yellow in colour but yet
simply accepted Maren’s explanation that the white substance was “mother of
sulphur”. There was no evidence to suggest that the Accused had ever heard of
some “mother of sulphur” before (let alone it being white in colour), and yet
he was again content to accept Maren’s explanation.

59 The Accused also did not query why persons who collected packets he was
delivering were prepared to pay so much money for each tiny packet of
substance weighing 8 grams. The Accused had not inquired how much ordinary
sulphur or any other kind of sulphur would cost.

60 The Accused did not query why Maren was packing medicine in a house rather
than a laboratory.

61 The Prosecution also listed suspicious circumstances at [91] of its closing
submission as follows:

Apart from what has been discussed above, other suspicious circumstances that
were present and regarding which the [A]ccused failed to make sufficient
enquiries include: (i) the fact that Maren and the persons who collected
packets of the granular/powdery substance from him were frequently changing
their numbers;… (ii) the fact that Maren had given the [A]ccused numbers of
persons to call to collect the packets of granular/powdery substance but had
told the [A]ccused to delete the numbers after he called them; … (iii) the
fact that Maren had told him to write assorted words such as “barang”, “cold”,
“panas”, “slab” and “fish” in the big notebook; … (iv) the fact that Maren
asked him to copy down entries in the big notebook yet dismissed the
[A]ccused’s query about what the entries were with the response “You don’t ask
me many questions, just write down”; … (v) the fact that the persons
collecting the packets of white or yellow granular/powdery substance from him
were paying a large sum of money for such small packets; and (iv) the fact
that the persons to whom the [A]ccused had passed the packets, including Loh,…
had told him to wrap up the packets…

62 As for the Defence’s argument that the Accused had openly passed packets of
heroin to others which suggested a lack of actual knowledge on the part of the
Accused, the Prosecution submitted that there could have been other reasons
for not wrapping the packets first, such as the Accused being in a hurry or
being confident of not being caught.

63 The Prosecution also stressed that the Accused did not mention in any of
the ten statements that Maren had told him that the persons collecting the
packets were Maren’s employees. This was only mentioned during the trial in
the Accused’s oral testimony. Furthermore, the Accused had, in fact, referred
to such persons as “customers” in his statement recorded on 6 June 2007 at
10.29am. He could not have considered them as his customers if Maren had told
him they were Maren’s employees because he too was working for Maren. The
reference to such persons being Maren’s employees was the Accused’s attempt to
justify why he did not make further inquiries apart from his token questions
to Maren.

64 Accordingly, the Prosecution submitted that the Accused had refrained from
making further enquiries and was, at the very least, wilfully blind to the
fact that he was carrying and trafficking in heroin.

65 Under s 18(2) of the Act, a person who is proved or presumed to have had a
controlled drug in his possession is presumed to know the nature of that drug
until the contrary is proved.

66 The Prosecution also relied on the presumption under s 17(c) of the Act on
the purpose of trafficking. That provision states:

Any person who is proved to have had in his possession more than –

…

(c) 2 grammes of diamorphine;

…

whether or not contained in any substance, extract, preparation or mixture,
shall be presumed to have had that drug in possession for the purpose of
trafficking unless it is proved that his possession of that drug was not for
that purpose.

67 Relying on the Accused’s cautioned statement, his activity of making
deliveries of heroin to others, the contents of the bigger notebook, and Loh’s
presence in the vicinity of the Accused’s block of flats to purchase heroin on
31 May 2007, the Prosecution submitted that the Accused had failed to rebut
the presumption of knowledge as well as the presumption of trafficking. As
regards the issue of trafficking, the Prosecution added at [100] and [102] of
its closing submission as follows:

100 In addition, it is submitted that the line of reasoning adopted by our
courts in cases of trafficking by transporting would also apply in the present
case to prove that the accused had the drugs in his possession for the purpose
of trafficking. In _Ong Ah Chuan v Public Prosecutor_ [1980-1981] SLR 48 … it
was stated by Lord Diplock that:

Proof of the purpose for which an act is done, where such purpose is a
necessary ingredient of the offence with which an accused is charged, presents
a problem with which criminal courts are very familiar. Generally, in the
absence of an express admission by the accused, the purpose with which he did
an act is a matter of inference from what he did. Thus, in the case of an
accused caught in the act of conveying from one place to another controlled
drugs in a quantity much larger than is likely to be needed for his own
consumption the inference that he was transporting them for the purpose of
trafficking in them would, _in the absence of any plausible explanation by
him, be irresistible_ – even if there were no statutory presumption such as is
contained in s 15 of the Drugs Act. As a matter of common sense the larger the
quantity of drugs involved the stronger the inference that they were not
intended for the personal consumption of the person carrying them and the more
convincing the evidence needed to rebut it.

102 The above passage has been cited with approval and applied by the Court of
Appeal in cases such as _Cheng Heng Lee & Anor v Public Prosecutor_ [1999] 1
SLR 504 (at [41] – [42]) and _Yeo Choon Huat v Public Prosecutor [_ 1998] 1
SLR 217 (at [34]). In the present case, given the fact that the accused, by
his own admission, does not consume heroin, the inference is irresistible that
he had possession of the drugs for the purpose of trafficking.

[emphasis in original]

The court’s findings and conclusion

68 It is clear that the Accused was in physical possession of the heroin which
was in the red paper bag he had been carrying. That is why physical possession
was not disputed. Heroin is the subject of the charge he faces. The other two
packets of substance found in his bedroom was not the subject of the charge.
The Prosecution also had to establish that the Accused was in possession of
heroin for the purpose of trafficking. S 5(1)(a) and 5(2) of the Act states:

5.—(1) Except as authorised by this Act, it shall be an offence for a person,
on his own behalf or on behalf of any other person, whether or not that other
person is in Singapore —

_(a)_ to traffic in a controlled drug;

_(b)_ …

_(c)_ …

(2) For the purposes of this Act, a person commits the offence of trafficking
in a controlled drug if he has in his possession that drug for the purpose of
trafficking.

69 The concept of legal possession includes knowledge as physical possession
without knowledge is not enough. It was assumed by both sides that a higher
threshold of knowledge was required, _ie,_ that the reference to the knowledge
of the “nature of that drug” under s 18(2) requires knowledge of the specific
drug, _ie,_ heroin in the present case, and not just knowledge that the drug
is a controlled drug (for a more detailed discussion about such knowledge, see
the judgment in _Tan Kiam Peng_). The dispute centred on the Accused’s
knowledge, _ie_ , whether he knew he was carrying heroin.

70 There were various ways in which the knowledge of the Accused that he was
carrying heroin might have been established:

(a) establishing that he had actual knowledge;

(b)  establishing that he was wilfully blind which is the legal equivalent of
actual knowledge;

(c)  relying on the presumption under s 18(2) of the Act.

71 As mentioned above, the Accused had given eight long statements on the
background as to how he had come to know Maren and to deliver packets of
substances contained in bundles which Maren had handed to him. He elaborated
thereon in his oral testimony. However, his evidence could not be considered
in isolation.

72 I started first with the Accused’s response during his arrest. I accepted
that the first CNB officer to reach the Accused was SSgt Fakhruddin and not
Sgt Nizammudin as the Accused had testified. The evidence of Sgt Nizammudin
and some other CNB officers showed that Sgt Nizammudin was not present at the
scene of arrest. However, I did not accept that the Prosecution had
established that SSgt Fakhruddin had identified himself as a CNB officer when
he reached the Accused. The fact of his having identified himself was not
mentioned in his statement of 7 January 2007 and none of the other CNB
officers who participated in the arrest had heard anyone making such an
identification until the Accused was handcuffed. However, I also did not
accept the Accused’s evidence that the first CNB officer to reach him had
pushed his shoulder against the Accused’s and that while the Accused was on
the ground, one of the CNB officers had kicked his hand which was holding his
mobile phone and another was stepping on his other hand which was holding the
red paper bag, while yet another officer was trying to pull the bag away from
his grasp. I was of the view that such evidence was the Accused’s attempt to
falsely explain that he had thought that they were robbers and why he was
violently struggling during his arrest. Even if no one had identified himself
or herself as a CNB officer before the Accused was handcuffed, the CNB
officers were moving in to arrest him, not to assault him. I accepted the
evidence from various CNB officers that he was trying to bring his hands apart
while efforts were being made to bring them together so that his hands could
be handcuffed behind him. He must have known from such efforts and also from
the absence of blows to his main body and head that they were not robbers but
arresting officers. The fact that he was found carrying heroin led to the
inference that he was resisting arrest because he knew that he was carrying
controlled drugs but not necessarily heroin. Accordingly, his violent struggle
during arrest was not critical evidence against him on the question of actual
knowledge but was evidence against him on the issue of wilful blindness.

73 Some reliance was placed by the Prosecution and the Defence on the point as
to whether the Accused had asked questions like “Why?” or had remained silent
after his arrest and before any statement was recorded. In my view, whether
the Accused had remained silent or not was immaterial in the totality of the
evidence and I need not make any finding thereon.

74 I did not accept the Accused’s evidence that when he was brought to a
staircase landing after his arrest, SSSgt Affendi had told him that he was
carrying heroin. If SSSgt Affendi had told him this, it would have come as a
shock to him since, based on his evidence, he had thought he was carrying non-
controlled substances, _viz_ , sulphur. He would not then have forgotten this
when his cautioned statement was being recorded, as he sought to suggest
belatedly only during cross examination. This was in the context of the
Accused’s asking whether there was a difference between heroin and
diamorphine, when he was being cross examined, a point mentioned in the
Prosecution’s submission (see [47] above).

75 It was clear to me that there was no confusion on the part of the Accused
as regards the words “diamorphine” and “heroin”. When I asked him whether he
understood the charge (that was read to him for the purpose of his cautioned
statement), he said that it was a charge for trafficking in heroin[note: 7].
Mdm Sofia said she explained “diamorphine” as “heroin” to him[note: 8].
Furthermore, it was not suggested by the Defence that the Accused would not
have admitted to the charge then if the word “diamorphine” had been orally
used instead of “heroin”. So this question of his being uncertain whether
there was a difference between diamorphine and heroin was in any event
irrelevant.

76 I come now to the Accused’s cautioned statement which is the most critical
piece of evidence against him in so far as actual knowledge was concerned.

77 As regards the Defence’s submission that Mdm Sofia had agreed that the
Accused was admitting only to the act of trafficking, I was of the view that
this submission had taken Mdm Sofia’s evidence out of context.

78 When Mdm Sofia first gave her oral testimony, the Defence did not suggest
to her that the Accused’s admission of guilt was only in relation to the act
of trafficking and not in relation to the goods which were being trafficked.
Indeed, she was not cross examined at all then.

79 It was when the Accused was being cross examined that he suggested that his
admission of guilt was confined to the act of trafficking but not in respect
of the heroin in question. He said that he had read the English word
“trafficking” and asked Mdm Sofia what it meant. She said it was “mengedar” in
Malay and he asked her to explain “mengedar” which she did. She said “to give
and collect money”. So, as he did give and collect money, he admitted guilty
to the charge[note: 9].

80 Mdm Sofia was re-called to the stand. She reiterated that she had proceeded
to interpret the charge to the Accused and had explained the meaning of
“trafficking” to him as being “to give or to sell”. However, she also said
that the Accused did not ask her any question about the meaning of the word
“trafficking” in the charge[note: 10]. Significantly, when she was cross
examined, the Defence did not seek to establish that the Accused had asked her
any question about the word “trafficking” or the word “mengedar”. What the
Defence did instead was to focus on the fact that she did explain the meaning
of the word “trafficking” which she confirmed she did. That explanation, in
the course of interpretation, was of course different from the slant the
Accused had given, _ie_ , that he had first asked her to explain “trafficking”
and then to explain “mengedar”. When the Defence asked Mdm Sofia whether she
had explained the act of trafficking, she agreed she did. When the Defence
suggested that the Accused was therefore agreeing to the act (of trafficking)
and nothing further, Mdm Sofia also agreed[note: 11]. It was in this context
that Mdm Sofia agreed. Indeed, the Defence avoided asking Mdm Sofia directly
whether the Accused had admitted to having trafficked in heroin or not.

81 I was of the view that Mdm Sofia’s evidence did not mean that the Accused’s
admission did not extend to the heroin in question. The focus of the question
to her was on the act and not on the goods and so Mdm Sofia confirmed that he
was admitting to the act of trafficking as opposed to some other act. It was
clear to me from her entire evidence that, as far as she was concerned, the
Accused knew the nature of and was admitting to the charge in its totality.

82 I would also add that the Accused’s fluency and command of the English
language was not as poor as the Defence sought to portray. When he first met
Maren in Singapore, he was speaking to Maren in English. Before his first
statement was recorded, he was asked and he said that he preferred to speak in
English. In the course of the trial, I also noted that at times he was able to
correct the interpreter when he thought the interpreter might not have
captured his evidence accurately[note: 12].

83 In any event, I was satisfied from the evidence-in-chief of the Accused
that he understood that the charge being read to him for the purpose of
recording his cautioned statement was in respect of the trafficking of 960.29
grams of heroin which carried a capital sentence. Indeed, he confirmed in
cross examination that after Mdm Sofia had interpreted the charge to him, he
understood it and that is why she was not challenged in court during her
initial testimony[note: 13].

84 The points made by the Prosecution about the Accused’s evidence in respect
of his cautioned statement were well-taken and I do not propose to reiterate
them. However, there were two other more significant points.

85 First, in his cautioned statement, the Accused had taken the trouble to
exonerate the driver of the Vehicle by stating “The driver is not guilty. He
doesn’t know anything …”. Since he was prepared to make it clear that the
driver did not know anything, it would only have been natural for him to also
say that he did not know that he was carrying heroin if he was truly ignorant
of that fact. At least that would have been consistent with his first
statement that the two bundles in the red paper bag contained medicine.
Instead, he was admitting that he was carrying heroin by his admission of
guilt.

86 Secondly, if he truly abhorred drugs, then he would have distanced himself
from the charge by stressing in his cautioned statement that all along he had
thought or had been informed that he was carrying sulphur. Yet his cautioned
statement did not mention this.

87 Accordingly, the Accused’s admission of guilt to the charge with full
comprehension of the charge, the additional points I have mentioned, and the
arguments of the Prosecution in respect of his cautioned statement, led me to
conclude that he had actual knowledge that what he was carrying was heroin.

88 There was no submission by the Defence on wilful blindness. As I have
mentioned, the Court of Appeal had said in _Tan Kiam Peng_ that wilful
blindness is treated in law as being the equivalent of actual knowledge. In
the judgment of Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA, it was stated at [125] that:

The second central principle is that _suspicion_ is legally sufficient to
ground a finding of wilful blindness provided the relevant factual matrix
warrants such a finding _and_ the accused deliberately decides to turn a blind
eye…

89 Phang JA further stated (at [129] and [130]):

129 …Indeed, if an accused is told that the package contains counterfeit
currency and the package is then opened to reveal that it contains packets of
what are obviously drugs, that ought then to prompt the accused to make
further inquiries. And, where, in fact, only token efforts are made to
investigate one’s suspicions, this would be insufficient. But might it not be
argued that the accused in the example just given (relating to a wrapped
packaged) has done all that could reasonably have been done to investigate
further? Much will, of course, depend on the precise facts before the court
but it would appear, in principle, that merely asking and receiving answers in
situations such as that presently considered would be insufficient simply
because the accused concerned would certainly be given false answers and
assurances …

130 Situations such as that which exists on the facts of the present appeal
underscore this point since the accused already knows that he or she is
carrying controlled drugs and surely cannot rely merely on the fact that he or
she had asked for assurances that the controlled drugs concerned were not of a
nature which carried the death penalty. If the accused chooses to take an
enormous (indeed, deadly) risk and proceed without establishing the true
nature of the drugs he or she is carrying, that constitutes, in our view,
wilful blindness. To say that this is unfair to the accused concerned is
rather disingenuous, particularly in light of the fact that the countenancing
of false answers and assurances would be precisely to constitute a drug
pedlar’s charter, for accused persons who are willing to risk imprisonment but
not death … - thus undermining (in a crucial manner) the policy of the Act
itself. It is also clear that the accused has a real choice to decide not to
proceed if satisfactory answers are not forthcoming, especially where liberty
or even life is at stake.

90 According to the Accused, if the items he carried were illegal contraband,
then he would have expected Maren to have asked him to hide them but Maren did
not do so. However, there were other facts on the other side of the fence.

91 First was the fact that here was a complete stranger who was prepared to
pay a S$3,000 fine for him.

92 Secondly, he was collecting large sums of money in exchange for the packets
he was delivering. On this point, it was the evidence of the IO that he had
attempted to buy 8 grams of sulphur but he was told by Teck Sum Medical Hall
that the minimum they sold was 100 grams. He bought 100 grams of sulphur for
60 cents[note: 14]. This evidence was not challenged by the Defence. The
Accused agreed that if he had wanted to, he would have found out the price of
sulphur[note: 15]. I would add that he could also have easily found out
whether there was such a thing as “mother of sulphur” and its price.

93 Thirdly, the Accused was being paid quite well for his services.

94 At this point, I would address the evidence of Loh who said that the
Accused had delivered packets of heroin in public areas which led Loh to think
that the Accused did not know that he was handling illegal contraband. Yet Loh
did not suggest that he too was unaware of what he was buying or collecting.
It was clear to me that Loh knew that he was receiving not just illegal
contraband but heroin in such public areas. The same point applied to the
question whether the packets were wrapped when they were delivered. In other
words, even if they were not wrapped and delivery had taken place in public
areas, such evidence was neither here nor there. It did not suggest to me that
the Accused was unaware that he was carrying illegal contraband. In any event,
even if delivery had taken place in public areas without any wrapping of the
packets, it was obvious to me that the handing over would have been done more
discreetly than Loh was suggesting as he would not want to be caught. It was
clear to me that Loh’s evidence on what he thought about the Accused’s
knowledge was his attempt to try and help the Accused evade the consequences
of his actions.

95 Fourthly, at times the persons who collected the packets were not
contactable because their telephone number kept changing and the Accused was
also told to delete their numbers after calling them.

96 Fifthly, the Accused could not have genuinely believed that these persons
were employees of Maren who were in turn delivering the sulphur to medical
halls. If the transactions were above board, Maren would simply have asked him
to make his deliveries to the medical halls. Alternatively, the same employee
would have been used and there was no need for the Accused to have to meet so
many different employees at different and changing locations. He himself had
referred to them as “customers” in one of his long statements as the
Prosecution pointed out. His many long statements did not mention that he was
told or that he believed they were Maren’s employees.

97 Sixthly, the substance was not being packed in a laboratory or a clinic and
on one occasion it was packed in a house with curtains drawn.

98 In view of the above circumstances and taking into account also the reasons
advocated by the Prosecution, I did not accept the Accused’s evidence that it
was Maren who told him what to write down in the brown ‘555’ notebook which
was later transferred to the bigger notebook. In my view, the Accused had made
the entries as his own record of controlled drug transactions and lied about
them. He knew what the entries meant.

99 I also concluded that certain entries in the red ‘555’ notebook which were
street names for various controlled drugs, including heroin, were written by
the Accused to refer to those drugs. They were not innocuous entries. There
was no independent evidence to support his assertion that he was thinking of
going into various businesses.

100 I would add that the violent struggle which the Accused put up during his
arrest suggested that he knew that he was carrying controlled drugs. Even if I
were to disregard the violent struggle, I was of the view that the other
evidence I have alluded to established that the Accused knew that he was
carrying controlled drugs on the day of his arrest, if he did not know that he
was carrying heroin. His alleged inquiries of Maren were at best token and
clearly inadequate. Accordingly, even if he did not have actual knowledge, I
found that the Prosecution had established his knowledge because of his wilful
blindness, without the aid of any statutory presumption.

101 I come now to the presumption of knowledge under the Act. As I mentioned,
s 18(2) provides that any person who is proved or presumed to have had a
controlled drug in his possession shall be presumed to have known the nature
of that drug, until the contrary is proved.

102 The Prosecution had established that the Accused had the heroin in his
physical possession. I need not repeat what I said about the evidence in the
context of actual knowledge and wilful blindness. The Accused would also have
failed to rebut the presumption under s 18(2) of the Act.

103 As for the purpose of trafficking, the Defence submitted that even if the
Accused had been trafficking in controlled drugs in the past, this did not
mean that he was trafficking in heroin at the time of his arrest. However, he
had admitted to the act of trafficking. In any event, it was clear from the
evidence and, accordingly, I found that the purpose of trafficking was also
established, even without the aid of the presumption under s 17(c) of the Act.
That presumption would in any event not have been rebutted.

104 Accordingly, I found that the Prosecution had established the charge
against the Accused beyond a reasonable doubt. I therefore convicted him and
sentenced him according to the law.

_________________  

[note: 1]NE 444

[note: 2]NE 429

[note: 3]Agreed bundle p 181

[note: 4]NE 432-3

[note: 5]NE 548-9, 552-3

[note: 6]NE 552-3

[note: 7]NE 473

[note: 8]NE 581

[note: 9]NE 513

[note: 10]NE 579

[note: 11]NE 581

[note: 12]NE 514

[note: 13]NE 515-6

[note: 14]NE 383

[note: 15]NE 502-3

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 29 May 2008 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

