Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Pan-United Marine Ltd v Chief Assessor  
[2008] SGCA 21

Case Number | : | CA 26/2007  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 20 May 2008  
Tribunal/Court | : | Court of Appeal  
Coram | : |  Andrew Ang J; Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA; V K Rajah JA   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Ong Sim Ho, Yang Shi Yong and Chng Teck Un Stanley (Drew & Napier LLC) for the appellant; Julia Mohamed and Foo Hui Min (Inland Revenue Authority of Singapore) for the respondent   
Parties | : |  Pan-United Marine Ltd — Chief Assessor   
  
Revenue Law – Property tax – Annual value – Assessment – Whether floating dry
docks are "buildings" within the meaning of s 2(1) Property Tax Act (Cap 254,
1997 Rev Ed)  
  
Revenue Law – Property tax – Annual value – Assessment – Whether floating dry
docks are "machinery" within the meaning of s 2(2) Property Tax Act (Cap 254,
1997 Rev Ed)  
  
Revenue Law – Property tax – Annual value – Assessment – Whether floating dry
docks are part of land for purposes of property tax – Whether fixture test or
enhancement test is correct test to apply  
  

20 May 2008 |  Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA (delivering the judgment of the majority):

**Introduction**

1 The present appeal raises extremely interesting – albeit difficult – issues
of interpretation and application in the context of the Property Tax Act (Cap
254, 2005 Rev Ed) (“the Act”).

**The facts**

2 The facts are undisputed and straightforward. The appellant, Pan United
Marine Ltd, is the owner of a shipyard and a concrete batching plant located
at 33 Tuas Crescent (“the Property”). The Property comprises five plots of
land leased from Jurong Town Corporation (“JTC”) with an aggregate site area
of 112,630m² and a water frontage of 359m at Tuas Bay. Three plots of land on
which the Property sits were leased in 1982; the remaining two plots of land
were leased in 1991 and 1993 respectively. All leases will expire
simultaneously on 29 February 2012. Except for one plot of land, for which a
lump sum premium was paid upfront, all the other lots were leased on annual
land rents. Water frontage fees were also payable to JTC.

3 The Chief Assessor, the respondent in this appeal, had assessed the annual
value of the Property under the Act to be $4,586,000 with effect from 1
January 2001. In his assessment, the respondent had adopted the “contractor’s
test” method in determining the annual value of the Property under the Act and
had sought to include, _inter alia_ , the cost of three floating dry docks
which were berthed above the seabed adjacent to the Property.

4 The three floating dry docks in question are afloat in Tuas Bay. The
appellant has a temporary occupation licence (“TOL”) to use the seabed for the
purpose of keeping the floating dry docks afloat in Tuas Bay. One of the docks
was commissioned around 1987 (“the 1987 dock”); the other two were
commissioned around 1992 and 1997 respectively.

5 The floating dry docks are hinged to pile-like structures which are
permanently fixed to the seabed. The 1987 dock is held in place by means of
anchor and anchor chains, and the remaining two docks are held by clamping
collars to mooring pins. The floating dry docks are capable of being removed,
towed away and reinstated, whether for a short or a long distance. The 1987
dock was moved several times for the purpose of repair as well as for getting
it out of the way of vessels’ launch paths. The other two docks were not
moved, although they could be moved, if required. An older dock which was used
before the 1987 dock was towed away to Batam in 1993, and another dock built
by the appellant in 1992 was towed to India to its buyer.

6 The floating dry docks are connected to the Property by a ramp, similar to a
bridge. The ramp permits workers, material and machinery to get to the
floating docks via the Property. Aside from the ramp, the floating docks are
not connected to the Property.

7 It would be helpful at this juncture to set out briefly how a floating dry
dock and a conventional dry dock (commonly referred to as a basin, or graving,
dry dock) operate. For the floating dry dock, water is pumped into tanks of
the dock so as to make it submerge in water. The ship is subsequently led in
directly above the dock. Water is then pumped out to allow the dock to
gradually resurface, thus lifting the ship above the water. A basin dry dock,
on the other hand, uses a gate to control the water. The gate is first
released to allow water to cover the dock, and the ship is led in. The gate is
then closed and water is pumped out so that the ship will rest on the dock and
above the water level. Notably, in the present appeal, the appellant did not
own or utilise any basin dry docks.

8 Both floating dry docks and basin dry docks are used for ship repair,
maintenance, as well as other work, but the former will float on water while
the latter are excavated into land. Unlike a basin dry dock, a floating dry
dock is cheaper and can be moved away when needed elsewhere. However, a
floating dry dock cannot take bigger vessels, as it will not be able to
support the weight of such ships properly. As such, basin dry docks are used
for bigger ships.

**The proceedings below**

9 The appellant appealed at first instance to the Valuation Review Board (“the
Board”) against the respondent’s assessment of the annual value of the
Property. The appellant disputed, _inter alia_ , the inclusion of the three
floating docks in the assessment of the annual value. The appeal was heard by
the Board in October 2004. The Board reserved judgment and, on 16 November
2004, the Board dismissed the appeal and confirmed the annual value of
$4,586,000 proposed by the respondent (see _Pan United Shipyard Pte Ltd v
Chief Assessor_ [2006] SGVRB 1).

10 Dissatisfied with the Board’s decision on the issue of including the
floating docks as being assessable to property tax, the appellant further
appealed to the High Court. The High Court heard the appeal on 2 November 2006
and reserved judgment. On 8 February 2007, the High Court judge (“the Judge”)
dismissed the appeal and delivered his grounds of decision (see _Pan United
Marine Ltd v Chief Assessor_ [2007] 2 SLR 633 (“the GD”)).

11 In essence, the Judge found, _inter alia_ , that:

(a) the floating docks fell within the definition of “buildings” under s 2(1)
of the Act and were therefore liable to the charge of property tax under s
6(1) of the Act;

(b) the floating docks were to be assessed as part of the shipyard land; and

(c) the floating docks were not “machinery” within the meaning of s 2(2) of
the Act.

**Issues on appeal**

12 The issues that arise in this appeal were identical to the issues raised
before the Board and the Judge. In essence, the pith and marrow of the appeal
was whether the three floating docks ought to be included in the assessment of
the annual value of the Property. This question turned on the following three
issues:

(a) Are the floating dry docks “buildings” within the meaning of s 2(1) of the
Act?

(b) Are the floating dry docks part of the land for the purposes of the Act?

(c) Are the floating dry docks “machinery” within the meaning of s 2(2) of the
Act?

**_Are the floating dry docks “buildings” within the meaning of section 2(1)
of the Act?_**

13 Before discussing the substantive issues at hand, we wish to make one
observation. Although the appellant is merely the lessee of the Property, it
is nonetheless deemed to be the owner thereof by virtue of s 2(8) of the Act
which reads as follows (_cf_ also the Singapore Valuation Review Board
decision of _McAlister Developments Ltd v Chief Assessor_ [1969] 1 MLJ xlv at
xlix):

In assessing the annual value of any property comprised in … a lease of
property by a public authority [in this case, JTC] for a period exceeding 3
years —

(_a_) the grantee or lessee of the property shall be deemed to be the owner
thereof;

…

14 The first issue stems from s 6(1) of the Act, which is the charging
provision for the imposition of property tax. Section 6(1) of the Act reads as
follows:

**Charge of property tax**

**6.** —(1) As from 1st January 1961, a property tax shall, subject to the
provisions of this Act, be payable at the rate or rates specified in this Act
for each year upon the annual value of all houses, _buildings_ , lands and
tenements whatsoever included in the Valuation List and amended from time to
time in accordance with the provisions of this Act.

[emphasis added]

Accordingly, the floating dry docks must fall within “houses, _buildings_ ,
lands or tenements” [emphasis added] in order for them to be included for the
purposes of assessment to property tax.

15 The term “building” is defined in s 2(1) of the Act, as follows:

“building” means any structure erected on land _and includes any house, hut,
shed or similar roofed enclosure, whether used for the purposes of human
habitation or otherwise,**any slip, dock, wharf, pier, jetty, landing-stage,
underground or overground tank for the storage of solids, liquids or gases,
and any oil refinery**_ ; …

[emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

16 The emphasis in the above definition illustrates what is, in our view, an
extremely important point: Although perhaps a little infelicitously phrased,
the definition of “building” comprises _two main parts_ , the _second_ part of
which comprises, in turn, two sub-parts, which are identified by _italics and
bold italics, respectively._ Indeed, the Singapore Valuation Review Board, in
_Yat Yuen Hong Co Pte Ltd v Chief Assessor_ [1959-1986] SPTC 135 (“ _Yat Yuen
Hong_ ”), refers to three separate parts, but, for reasons that will be
apparent in a moment, the latter two parts which the Board refers to
correspond to the aforementioned two sub-parts which, taken together, actually
comprise one integral whole – thus resulting in _two_ main parts as just
mentioned. That this demarcation exists is clear from the relevant
_legislative history_.

17 There had, in fact, been no definition of “building” in the Act when it was
first promulgated in 1960 as the Property Tax Ordinance (Ord 72 of 1960). The
definition was inserted later by s 2(_b_) of the Property Tax (Amendment) Act
1965 (Act 24 of 1965). The definition then was a little different from that
which exists in the Act at present, and read as follows (with the additional
words that are now not present in the Act highlighted in italics):

“building” means any structure erected on land and includes any house, hut,
shed or similar roofed enclosure, whether used for the purposes of human
habitation or otherwise, _and includes_ any slip, dock, wharf, pier, jetty,
landing-stage, underground or overground tank for the storage of solids,
liquids or gases, and any oil refinery; … [emphasis added]

18 It will immediately be seen that the definition, in its _original_ form (as
set out in the preceding paragraph), supports our view that the definition of
“building” in the Act comprises _two main parts (with the second main part
comprising two sub-parts)_. The _first main_ _part_ is the _general_
definition where a “building” is clearly stated to “ _mean_ ” “any structure
erected on land”. There follows the _second main part_ , which is represented
by the words in italics and bold italics at [15] above. As we mentioned, the
words in _italics_ represent the commencement of the _first sub-part_ (of this
_second main part_), whilst the words in _bold italics_ represent the
commencement of the _second sub-part_ (of this _second main part_). As we
shall see, the _second main part_ deals with _specific_ structures. That there
are _two sub-parts_ is supported by _the inclusion of the phrase “and
includes” twice_ in the definition itself (see also _Yat Yuen Hong_). It is
true that the phrase “and includes” (when it occurs a second time) is no
longer present, but that is (as we explain below at [28]–[30]) probably due to
a grammatical as well as a functional reason, and does _not_ detract from the
interpretation adopted in the present appeal. As already mentioned, this
interpretation is also supported by the _legislative history_ of the
definition of “building”, to which we now turn.

19 The rationale for this amendment is to be found, first, in the explanatory
note to the Property Tax (Amendment) Bill (Bill 50 of 1965) (“the 1965 Bill”),
as follows:

[A] _new_ definition of “building” is to be included _to remove doubts as to
whether certain structures will be liable to the payment of property tax_
under the Ordinance. [emphasis added]

20 Second, the following observations by the then Minister for Finance, Mr Lim
Kim San, during the second reading of the 1965 Bill should also be noted (see
_Singapore Parliamentary Debates, Official Report_ (30 December 1965) vol 24
at col 774):

There is _no definition_ of “building” in the Ordinance _at the present time_
, and one of the amendments made by clause 2 is the inclusion of a definition.
_This, apart from its usefulness in regard to buildings and structures
generally, specifically provides for the inclusion of items like underground
and overground tanks and oil refineries_. [emphasis added]

21 The observations set out in the preceding paragraph are not only consistent
with the relevant part of the explanatory note (set out above at [19]) but
also elaborate upon it in important respects. In particular, it is clear that
the (then) new definition of “building” was introduced in the Act for two
distinct purposes.

22 The first was to set out a general definition of a “building” _as well as_
to reiterate (by way of _specific elaboration_) the paradigm examples of a
“building”. As the Minister confirmed, one purpose of the definition lay in
“its usefulness in regard to buildings and structures _generally_ ” [emphasis
added] (see [20] above). And this purpose is encompassed in the _first main
part_ (which refers to a “building” as _meaning_ “any structure erected on
land”), which comprises the _general definition_ of a “building” within the
meaning of the Act. What _follows is_ an _elaboration_ of _specific (and
typical or paradigm) examples_ of a “building”, which is _further_ encompassed
within what we have characterised as the _first sub-part_ of the _second main
part_ of the present definition, as encompassed within the following words:

… and includes any house, hut, shed or similar roofed enclosure, whether used
for the purposes of human habitation or otherwise …

23 The second purpose of the (then) new definition was to _extend_ the
definition of a “building” to encompass structures that would _not_ be
traditionally considered to be “buildings”. In so far as this particular
category of structures is concerned, the focus (at the time the (then) new
definition of “building” was introduced) was, as the Minister himself
observed, on “the inclusion of items _like_ underground and overground tanks
and oil refineries” [emphasis added] (see [20] above). However, the word
“like” clearly demonstrates that the items mentioned are not exhaustive,
although they do (as we have just noted) constitute the main examples. Indeed,
this is evident from _the relevant statutory language itself_ , as embodied
within the _second sub-part of the second main part_ , and which is
encompassed within the following words:

… any slip, dock, wharf, pier, jetty, landing-stage, underground or overground
tank for the storage of solids, liquids or gases, and any oil refinery …

24 In _summary_ :

(a) The definition of “building” in the Act has _two main parts_.

(b) The _first main part_ comprises a _general definition_ of a “building” as
being “any structure erected on land”.

(c) The _second main part_ has _two sub-parts_ , each of which has _slightly
different_ functions, although _both_ sub-parts have a common thread inasmuch
as they focus on _specific structures_ (_unlike_ the _first main part_ which,
as we have seen (at [24(b)] above) is a _general definition_).

(d) The _first sub-part of the second main part elaborates upon the first main
part_ by way of _specific (and traditional) examples_ (and is encompassed
within the words “and includes any house, hut, shed or similar roofed
enclosure, whether used for the purposes of human habitation or otherwise”).

(e) The second sub-part of the second main part has a somewhat different
function from the first sub-part. It is intended to _extend_ the definition of
“building”.

25 Such an approach is also not only consistent with, but is (in many ways)
buttressed by, the approach adopted by the Singapore High Court in the leading
decision of _Chief Assessor & Comptroller of Property Tax v Van Ommeren
Terminal (S) Pte Ltd_ [1993] 3 SLR 489 (“ _Van Ommeren_ ”) (where the
legislative history was also referred to briefly). In that case, Chao Hick Tin
J was of the view that the definition of “building” in s 2(1) of the Act was
_not_ confined only to structures erected on land. The learned judge observed
thus (at 492, [11]–[13]):

It is an established canon of construction that when the word ‘means’ is used
in a definition that definition is intended to be exhaustive. It is different
if the word ‘include’ is used. …

…

However, in the definition now under consideration, the legislature has used
the words ‘means … and includes’. How should one approach such a definition?
In my opinion a plain reading of that definition is surely this. The
legislature has defined the word ‘building’ to bear the ordinary sense of ‘any
structure erected on land’. _But it has also expanded the meaning of that word
to encompass those items enumerated after the words ‘and includes’
irrespective of whether those items are structures erected on land. It will be
noted that the legislature has used the words ‘and includes’ twice in the
definition._ _With respect, I am unable to agree with the Board that the
things enumerated after the words ‘and includes’ are merely examples of
structures erected on land. For instance, a pier or jetty is not a structure
erected on land. It is a structure erected over the sea or water. Similarly, I
do not see how one could appropriately say that an underground tank is a
structure erected on land. Indeed, most of the items listed are not items one
would ordinarily think of as buildings._

[emphasis added]

26 Indeed, the approach adopted by this court (as summarised at [24] above)
may in fact be seen as a slight elaboration of the perceptive analysis
contained in the judgment of Chao J in _Van Ommeren_ (the main part of which
has been set out in the preceding paragraph).

27 A little side note might be relevant at this juncture. As we have noted
above (at [18]), the phrase “and includes” appeared twice in the _original_
version of the definition of the “building” in s 2(1) of the Act. However, it
appears _only once_ in the present definition (corresponding to the first time
it appeared in the original version). There appears to be no clear explanation
for the deletion of this phrase. We would, in this regard, venture one
possible explanation and (if that explanation is accepted) one possible (and,
more importantly, curious) result.

28 The possible explanation is grammatical in nature. It might have been
thought that it sufficed to include the phrase “and includes” only once, right
at the beginning of what we have termed the first sub-part of the second main
part. It might, correspondingly, have been thought that the inclusion of that
phrase twice imported a grammatical awkwardness. _However_ , the _present_
version of the definition of “building” in s 2(1) of the Act does raise a
possible (and curious, albeit non-substantive) result.

29 In the original version of the definition of “building” under the Act, the
use of the phrase “and includes” twice served an important _function_ each
time inasmuch as each time that phrase was used it assisted in the demarcation
of the _first sub-part_ of the second main part and the _second sub-part_ (of
the same (second) main part). Now that the phrase appears only once at the
beginning of the second main part, there would – _grammatically speaking_ –
appear to be _three sub-parts_ in the second main part instead. In _addition
to_ the two sub-parts already noted, the words at the end of that definition
(“and any oil refinery”) – in particular, the word “and” – suggest that oil
refineries now constitute a discrete _third sub-part_. However, it will
readily be seen that _nothing of substance_ turns on this, and we therefore
say no more about it, save to observe that if the grammatical awkwardness can
be ignored (as we argue it should), then we are left with just _two sub-parts_
(instead of three) in so far as the _second main part_ is concerned. This is,
of course (and as we have explained in detail above), wholly consistent with
the original spirit and intent of the definition when it was first introduced.

30 We wish to add that s 4(1) of the Revised Edition of the Laws Act (Cap 275,
1995 Rev Ed) (“RELA”) sets out the powers of the Law Revision Commissioners in
the preparation of the revised editions of all Acts of Parliament in
Singapore. The salient portions of s 4(1) of the RELA read as follows:

In the preparation of the revised edition of Acts, the Commissioners shall
have power in their discretion —

…

(_j_) to alter the form of arrangement of any section of an Act by transposing
words, by combining it in whole or in part with another section or other
sections or by dividing it into two or more subsections;

…

(_l_) to correct grammatical, typographical and similar mistakes in any Act
and to make verbal additions, omissions or alterations not affecting the
meaning of any Act;

…

(_p_) to delete any words, expressions, nomenclature or other provisions in
any Act which have expired or become obsolete, including references to
repealed Acts, and to substitute therefor, where necessary, appropriate words,
expressions, nomenclature or provisions or references to the appropriate Acts;

…

In this regard, it appears that the phrase “and includes” was deleted by the
Law Commissioners from the _original_ version of the Act to correct any
grammatical awkwardness without changing the original meaning of “building” in
the Act. In our judgment, this only confirms our interpretation adopted above
that the definition of “building” comprises _two main parts (with the second
main part comprising two sub-parts)_ (see above at [16] and [18]).

31  What is relevant (indeed, crucial) in so far as _the present appeal_ is
concerned is the meaning of the word “dock” in the definition of “building” in
s 2(1) of the Act. More importantly, the word “dock” occurs within what we
have described as the _second sub-part of the second main part_ of this
particular definition.

32 We have already seen (at [23] above) that the _second sub-part of the
second main part_ of the definition of “building” was intended to _extend_
that particular definition. Indeed, as we have also seen (at [20] above), the
Legislature did refer expressly to underground or overground tanks for the
storage of solids, liquids or gases as well as to oil refineries (which are
the last-mentioned items in that sub-part). What, then, about the _other
structures_ mentioned in that particular sub-part (_viz_ , “slip”, “wharf”,
“pier”, “jetty”, “landing-stage”, and (most importantly, from the perspective
of the _present appeal_) “dock”)? These structures refer, in fact, to
structures which are _not part of the land in the conventional sense as such_
; the reference is, specifically, to “any _slip_ , _dock_ , _wharf_ , _pier_ ,
_jetty_ , _landing-stage_ , _underground or overground tank for the storage of
liquids or gases_ , and _any oil_ _refinery_ ” [emphasis added]. It is
particularly significant, for the purposes of the present appeal, that there
is reference to structures such as “slip”, “dock”, “wharf”, “pier”, “jetty”
and “landing-stage”.

33 The above interpretation (relating to the two main parts in the definition
of “building” in s 2(1) of the Act) is, in fact, buttressed by the definition
of “annual value” in (also) s 2(1) of the Act, which reads as follows:

“annual value” —

(_a_) in relation to _a house or building or land or tenement, not being_ a
wharf, pier, jetty or landing-stage, means the gross amount at which the same
can reasonably be expected to be let from year to year, the landlord paying
the expenses of repair, insurance, maintenance or upkeep and all taxes (other
than goods and services tax); and

(_b_) in relation to _a wharf, pier, jetty or landing-stage_ , means the gross
amount at which the same can reasonably be expected to be let from year to
year, the tenant paying the expenses of repair, insurance, maintenance or
upkeep[.]

[emphasis added]

34  It is clear, without more, from the very definition of “annual value” as
set out in the preceding paragraph, that there is a distinction between
structures that are part of the land in the conventional sense and those that
are not.

35 It is appropriate, at this juncture, to consider the meanings commonly
attributed to the structures mentioned in the _second_ part of the definition
of “building” in s 2(1) of the Act by reference to _The_ _Concise Oxford
Dictionary_ (Oxford University Press, 10th Ed, 1999), as follows:

“slip”: short for “slipway” [which is defined as] a slope _leading into_
water, used for launching and landing boats and ships or for building and
repairing them.

“dock”: an enclosed area of water in a port for the loading, unloading _and
repair_ of ships … a group of _piers_ where a ship or boat may moor for
loading and unloading [and see the definition of “pier” below].

“wharf”: _a level quay-side area to which_ a ship may be moored to load and
unload.

“pier”: “a structure leading _out to sea_ and used as a landing stage for
boats or as a place of entertainment.

“jetty”: “a _landing stage_ _or_ small _pier_ … a construction built _out
into_ the water to protect a harbour, stretch of coast, or riverbank [and see
the definitions of “landing stage” below and of “pier” above].

“landing stage”: a platform on to which passengers or cargo can be landed
_from_ a boat.

[emphasis added]

36 The corresponding meanings found in _The_ _Oxford English Dictionary_
(Clarendon Press, 2nd Ed, 1989) are as follows:

“slip”: **a.** An artificial slope of stone or other solid material, built or
made beside a navigable water to serve as a landing-place. **b.** … An
inclined plane, _sloping gradually down_ to the water, on which ships or other
vessels are built or repaired.

“slip-way”: A sloping way _leading down into_ the water; a slip.

“dock”: An artificial basin excavated, built round with masonry, and fitted
with flood-gates, into which ships are received for purposes of loading and
unloading _or for repair_.

“dry or graving dock”: a narrow basin into which a single vessel is received,
and from which the water is then pumped or let out, leaving the vessel dry for
the purpose of repair (Sometimes also used for building ships).

“ _floating_ _dock_ ”: a large floating structure _that can be used like a dry
dock_.

“wharf”: A substantial structure of timber, stone, etc., _built along the
water’s edge_ , so that ships may lie alongside for loading and unloading.

“pier”: A solid structure of stone, or of earth faced with piles, _extending
into the sea or a tidal river_ to protect or partially enclose a harbour and
form a landing-place for vessels; … also, _a projecting landing-stage or
jetty_ on the bank of a river or lake … [and see the definitions of “landing-
stage” and of “jetty” below].

“jetty”: **a.** A _mole,_ _pier, or the like_ , _constructed at the entrance
of_ a harbour, _or running out into_ the sea or a lake, so as to defend the
harbour or coast; a similar structure running into a river so as to divert the
current from a threatened part of the bank; an outwork of piles or timber
protecting a pier, a starling. **b.** _A projecting part of a wharf; a
landing-pier,_ a timber pier of slight construction [see also the definitions
of “wharf” and of “pier” above].

“landing-stage”: A platform, often a floating one, for the landing of
passengers and goods _from_ sea-vessels[.]

[emphasis added]

37 The common thread amongst the structures just considered is that each
structure, although connected to (and leading out of) the land or property
concerned, is (with the possibility of one exception considered later at [38]
below) not necessarily part of the land or property concerned but lies (in
part or in whole) beyond the physical boundary of the land or property
concerned. However, they are, from a purposive and functional perspective,
intended to form part of that particular piece of land or property. This is,
in fact, an extremely crucial point, which we shall have occasion to return to
in the next section of this judgment.

38 It is true that a “dock” might possibly lie within the land or property
concerned (this is a “basin dry dock”, briefly referred to at [7]–[8] above,
and considered at [71] below), but it could, equally, lie beyond the physical
boundary of the land or property as well (this is a “floating dry dock”, which
is the type of dock considered in the present appeal). Indeed, given the
similar functions of both types of docks just mentioned (which is to
facilitate the necessary work with regard to ships and other sea-bound
vessels), it would be artificial in the extreme to argue that the word “dock”
in the definition of “building” in s 2(1) of the Act should be confined only
to “basin dry docks” and excludes “floating dry docks”. Further, it is clear
that all the rest of the structures (with, perhaps, the exception of “slip”
which involves (according to the definition at [35] and [36] above) some part
of that structure being on the land or property itself) mentioned in this
particular definition (of “building”) are (as the preceding paragraph clearly
demonstrates) structures that lie wholly beyond the physical boundary of the
land or property concerned.

39 Indeed, we are also in agreement with the reasoning of the Judge who
arrived at the same conclusion by referring, first, to the definition of
“dock” (in the maritime sense) in _The_ _Oxford English Dictionary_ (Clarendon
Press, 2nd Ed, 1989) vol IV (see also above at [36]), where the reference is
to “[a]n artificial basin excavated, built round with masonry, and fitted with
flood-gates, into which ships are received for purposes of loading and
unloading or for repair”, but where there is also reference to a “floating
dock” (see the GD at [11]). The Judge then proceeded to find that a floating
dry dock was indeed a subset of “dock” by referring to the definition of the
_verb_ “dock” in the same work (“[t]o take, bring, or receive (a ship) into a
dock”), and concluded thus (at [12] of the GD):

In my view, the verb is the key. The activity concerned is the bringing of a
ship into a dock. There are various types of docks depending on the purpose
for which the ship is docked and the business decision of the entity that is
performing the activity in furtherance of that purpose. A floating dry dock is
just one type of dock. I therefore find that the floating dry docks in issue
fall within the term “dock” in the definition of “building” in s 2(1) of the
Act.

40 Reference may also be made to the definition of “annual value” set out
above at [33], where, significantly perhaps, the terms “slip” and “dock” are
not mentioned because, in so far as “docks” are concerned, these can refer to
“basin dry docks” as well, and, in so far as “slips” are concerned, we have
just noted that some part of that particular structure could be part of the
land or property itself. _However_ , it is clear that both “slips” and “docks”
_can_ lie _beyond the physical boundary_ of the land or property concerned and
– to that extent – are _grouped together_ with _other structures_ in the
_second sub-part_ of the _second main part_ of the definition of “building” in
s 2(1) of the Act which, as noted at the end of the preceding paragraph,
whilst connected with the land or property concerned, lie _wholly beyond_ the
physical boundary of the land or property.

41 It suffices, for present purposes, to note that the structures that are the
subject matter of the present appeal _do_ , in fact, come, _prima facie_ ,
under the rubric of a “ _dock_ ” within the definition of “building” in s 2(1)
of the Act. Having regard to the argument from artificiality (at [38] above),
it is our view that a “dock” is _not_ confined to a “basin dry dock” and would
include a “floating dry dock” as well. In the circumstances, therefore, a
“floating dry dock” would clearly fall _within_ the definition of “building”
in s 2(1) of the Act.

42 One final point remains. Did it matter that the connection of the floating
dry docks to the land was by way of a ramp? In particular, did it matter that
such connection was horizontal rather than vertical? In our view, nothing
substantive turns on this issue in the context of the specific facts in the
present appeal. As we have already noted, _sans_ the floating dry docks, the
leases would have been useless to the appellant, given the business it was in.
These floating dry docks were clearly annexed to and considered (as well as
used) as part of the land. One must look to the _substance_ rather than the
form of the situation concerned. Indeed, a concern merely with form leads to
arid technicality and consequent artificiality; it also encourages (here)
taxpayers to use any and every means to circumvent the _spirit_ of the law
whilst _ostensibly_ obeying the letter thereof. As (if not more) importantly,
the approach we have advocated is also wholly consistent with the fact that
the definition of “building” in s 2(1) of the Act (as we have seen above)
includes structures (such as docks, slips, wharves, piers, jetties and
landing-stages) whose only clear connection with the land or property
concerned is, in point of fact, _horizontal rather than vertical_.

**_Are the floating dry docks part of the land for the purposes of the Act?_**

_Introduction_

43 Having found that the floating dry docks in the present proceedings fall
within the definition of “building” in s 2(1) of the Act, it is, strictly
speaking, unnecessary to consider the next issue, _viz_ , whether the floating
dry docks – which are positioned _outside the physical boundary_ of the land –
are _also_ _part of the land_ itself. This is because as the floating dry
docks fall within the definition of “building” in s 2(1) of the Act, they are,
in accordance with the terms of s 6(1) of the Act (which encompasses
“buildings”), subject to property tax. Further, it would appear rather odd –
if not illogical – to characterise a particular structure as a “building”
within the meaning of the Act, only to decide that it was not subject to
property tax because it did not form part of the land. Put simply, a
“building” would, _by its very nature and definition_ , constitute part of the
land. If, however, that structure did not constitute a “building” within the
meaning of the Act, it could still be subject to property tax if it fell,
instead, within the (broader) concept of “lands” within the meaning of s 6(1)
of the Act (which, it should be noted, is not defined precisely because it is
so broad); in this regard, reference may also be made to _Van Ommeren_ ([25]
_supra_) and the Malaysian High Court decision of _The Shell Company of the
Federation of Malaya Ltd v Commissioner of the Federal Capital of Kuala
Lumpur_ [1964] MLJ 302 (“ _The Shell Company_ ”), as well as David Widdicombe,
The Hon David Trustram Eve & Anthony Anderson, _Ryde on Rating_ (Butterworth &
Co (Publishers) Ltd, 13th Ed, 1976), especially at p 148. It is only at _this_
particular stage that it would need to be ascertained whether or not the
structure concerned was _part of the land_.

44 During the course of the hearing of this appeal, it transpired, in fact,
that there were two alternative (and quite different) tests that could be
adopted in order to resolve this particular issue. Not surprisingly, perhaps,
the appellant advocated one whereas the respondent advocated the other.

_The fixture test_

45 The first test (“the fixture test”), which was relied on by the appellant
and applied by the Judge in the court below, is that embodied in the oft-cited
English decision of _Holland v Hodgson_ (1872) LR 7 CP 328 (“ _Holland_ ”),
where Blackburn J, delivering the judgment of the court, observed thus (at
334–335) :

_There is no doubt that the general maxim of law is, that what is annexed to
the land becomes part of the land; but it is very difficult, if not
impossible, to say with precision what constitutes an annexation sufficient
for this purpose. It is a question which must depend on the circumstances of
each case, and mainly on two circumstances as indicating the intention, viz.,
the degree of annexation and the object of the annexation._ Where the article
in question is no further attached to the land, then by its own weight it is
generally to be considered a mere chattel; see _Wiltshear_ v. _Cottrell_
[(1853) 1 El & Bl 674; 118 ER 589], and the cases there cited. But even in
such a case, if the intention is apparent to make the articles part of the
land, they do become part of the land: see _D’Eyncourt_ v. _Gregory_ [(1866)
LR 3 Eq 382]. [emphasis added]

Accordingly, the two considerations for determining whether the floating dry
docks are fixtures or chattels rested on (a) the degree of annexation; and (b)
the object of annexation.

46 In so far as the purpose of annexation is concerned, the following
observations by Boreham J in the English High Court decision of _Hamp v
Bygrave_ (1983) 266 EG 720 at 724 are apposite:

The second test is: What was the purpose of the annexation? Was it in order to
enjoy the chattel as a chattel or was it to improve the freehold in a
permanent way? There is, in my judgment, authority for the following
propositions: (a) Items which are firmly fixed to the land may yet remain
chattels if (1) the purpose of the annexation was to enjoy them as chattels
and (2) the degree of annexation was no more than was necessary for that
purpose. See _Re de Falbe, Ward_ v _Taylor_ [1901] 1 Ch 523, which was a case
concerning valuable tapestries. (b) Articles which are intended to improve, in
the sense of being a feature of, the land though their annexation is by no
more than their own weight may be regarded as fixtures. See _D’Eyncourt_ v
_Gregory_ (1866) LR 3 Eq 382. (c)  _While the earlier law attached greater
importance to the mode and degree of annexation, more recent authorities
suggest that the relative importance of these considerations has declined and
that the purpose of the annexation is now of first importance._ In judging the
purpose of the annexation regard must be had to all the circumstances,
including the manner of annexation and the intention of the annexor or
occupier of the land at the relevant time. See _Leigh_ v _Taylor_ [1902] AC
157. (d) Nevertheless, in the absence of evidence of a contrary intention, the
prima facie inference to be drawn from the mode and degree of annexation will
not be displaced … [emphasis added]

47 The principles relating to the fixture test are also well-summarised in a
leading textbook, as follows (see Kevin Gray & Susan Francis Gray, _Elements
of Land Law_ (Oxford University Press, 4th Ed, 2005) at paras 1.71, 1.72 ,
1.75, and 1.81 (and the authorities cited therein, including the cases cited
in the preceding two paragraphs)):

1.71 The distinction between fixtures and chattels has often been said to turn
on two separate but related tests as to the intention of the original owner of
an object in bringing it into close association with the realty. As Blackburn
J indicated in _Holland v Hodgson_ , these tests relate, **_first_** , to the
degree or mode of annexation present in the given circumstances and,
**_second_** , to the general purpose of annexation. The intention of the
annexor himself is material only in so far as it can be presumed from either
the degree or the overall purpose of the annexation. _In reality, however, the
differentiation of fixtures and chattels may now depend so heavily upon the
circumstances of each individual case that relatively few guidelines remain in
the modern law which are capable of unambiguous application to particular
facts. Almost the only immutable principle_ is the idea that _some degree of
physical connection_ is necessary before a chattel can be said to have become
part of the realty.

1.72 The _older_ of the two traditional tests takes _the more primitive form_
of an enquiry into the degree of the _physical attachment_ between the object
and the pre-existing realty. …

1.75 _… Modern case law strongly suggests that the relative significance of
the degree of annexation has declined and that considerations of purpose are
‘now of first importance’_ [citing, _inter alia_ , _Hamp v Bygrave_].
Generally the tests of degree and purpose coincide in result, but this is not
always or necessarily the case. Inferences drawn from the _physical_ mode of
annexation _may well be overridden by more subtle considerations relating to
the objectively understood motivation underlying the annexation in question._

1.81 The contemporary borderline between fixtures and chattels may now be
_more case-specific and more context-dependent than was once believed._

[emphasis added; emphasis in original in bold italics]

_The enhancement test_

48 The second test (“the enhancement test”) is also embodied in the English
case law – notably, in the House of Lords decision of _London County Council v
Wilkins_ [1957] AC 362 (“ _Wilkins_ ”) and the English Court of Appeal
decision of _Field Place Caravan Park Ltd v Harding_ [1966] 2 QB 484 (“ _Field
Place Caravan Park_ ”), as well as in the more recent (also) English Court of
Appeal decision of _Rudd v Cinderella Rockerfellas Ltd_ [2003] 1 WLR 2423 (“
_Rudd_ ”) (reference may also be made to _Ryde on Rating_ ([43] _supra_) at pp
148–152). Briefly put, pursuant to the enhancement test, if a _chattel_ is
_enjoyed with the land and enhances its value_ , it forms part of the land for
property tax purposes. More importantly, however, for the purposes of the
present appeal, the key issue is whether the enhancement test is not (like the
fixture test) only embodied in the English law but is also (and more
importantly) considered, in the context of _property tax_ , as being the
operative test (the fixture test being consequently held, in this last-
mentioned regard, to be _irrelevant_).

49 A succinct statement of the enhancement test can be found in the judgment
of Lord Denning MR in _Field Place Caravan Park_ , where the learned Master of
the Rolls observed thus (at 497–498):

Whatever the cases may have said in the past, I think that the law on this
subject has been revolutionised or, perhaps I ought to say, made clear, by the
decision of the House of Lords in _London County Council v. Wilkins._ The
House considered at length whether a chattel which was placed on land could be
a rateable hereditament. The Lord Chancellor, Lord Kilmuir, said: “In my view
a chattel to be rateable must be enjoyed with the land on which it rests.”
Lord Radcliffe said: “A structure placed upon another person’s land can with
it form a rateable hereditament, even though the structure remains in law a
chattel and as such the property of the person who placed it there.” Lord
Oaksey agreed.

Mr. Albery [lead counsel for the appellants] urged us to hold that Lord
Radcliffe was wrong. I am not prepared to do so. If I may respectfully say so,
I think he was right. The correct proposition today is that, although a
chattel is not a rateable hereditament by itself, nevertheless it may become
rateable together with land, if it is placed on a piece of land and enjoyed
with it in such circumstances and with such a degree of permanence that the
chattel with the land can together be regarded as one unit of occupation.

50 It is clear, of course, that the enhancement test tends, by its very
nature, to have a much wider reach compared to the fixture test (although,
depending on the facts of the case concerned, both tests might give rise to
the same result (_cf_ , in this regard, _Van Ommeren_ ([25] _supra_ ,
especially at 496–497, [34])). By its very nature, the enhancement test also
does not require the court to find that the structure concerned is in fact
part of the land, applying (as it does) to _chattels_. It is not surprising,
therefore, that counsel for the respondent, Mdm Julia Mohamed (“Mdm Julia”),
advocated this particular test.

51 The leading _local_ decision is the Singapore High Court decision of _Van
Ommeren_. A principal difficulty lay in the fact that a reading of _Van
Ommeren_ could appear to support _either_ of the above tests and, indeed, this
particular decision was, in fact, raised by counsel for _both_ parties in the
present appeal as supporting their respective positions! However, a close
perusal of the decision itself suggests that the court in that particular case
was focusing, in substance, on the fixture test (where, _inter alia_ ,
_Holland_ ([45] _supra_) was cited).

52 If, in fact, the enhancement test is adopted, it does not (as noted above
at [50]) matter whether the floating dry docks were part of the land or not.
They would be subject to tax under the Act if it could be demonstrated that
they had enhanced the value of the land (the other requirements laid down in
the relevant case law (see, for example, _Rudd_ ([48] _supra_ at [44]) having,
in our view, also been satisfied, _viz_ : (a) actual occupational possession;
(b) occupation or possession which is exclusive; (c) occupation or possession
which is of some value or benefit to the occupier or possessor (this
particular requirement overlaps with a core characteristic in the enhancement
test); and (d) occupation or possession which has a sufficient quality of
permanence). At this particular juncture, it should be noted that although the
fixture test is quite different, from a _literal_ perspective, it must _also_
be demonstrated that the structures concerned (here, the floating dry docks)
_did_ _enhance_ the value of the land. _However_ , this does _not_ mean that
the enhancement test and the fixture test are one and the same. For example, a
structure may enhance the value of the land concerned, but may nevertheless
not be considered to be a fixture. Conversely, a structure may be a fixture,
but may not enhance the value of the land. However, in this _last-mentioned_
situation, property tax, whilst _theoretically_ chargeable under the Act,
would _not_ be so chargeable (in the _practical_ sphere) simply because there
would have been _no increase in the annual value of the property concerned_.
Looked at in this light, it would appear that the fixture test is _more
stringent_ than the enhancement test – not only because it (the fixture test)
has rather strict requirements (see above at [45]) but _also_ because it
appears that, in order for the fixture test to result in chargeable property
tax, there must _also_ be _enhancement_ of the value of the property as well.
_In other words, the fixture test_ _not only incorporates (in substance at
least) the enhancement test but also lays down independent criteria of its
own._ The general issue that arises is whether or not the local legislature
intended such a stringent test to apply before property tax could be levied.

_Which test should apply?_

53 Although interesting arguments were raised by both parties as to which test
should apply, it is unnecessary to decide this issue based on the fact
situation in the present appeal. As we shall elaborate in a moment, the _same_
result would be arrived at _even if it is assumed that the fixture test
applies._ In the circumstances, we do not propose to rule on this particular
issue.

_Our decision_

54 Turning, then, to the application of the _fixture_ test to the facts in the
present appeal, we note that, although the floating dry docks were each
attached to the property by only a ramp, the _purpose_ of anchoring these
docks where they were was clear beyond peradventure: It was intended that
these docks constitute the very pith and marrow of the business conducted by
the appellant on the Property. Indeed, without the docks, the lease of the
property by the appellant from the JTC would have been an exercise in
futility. As the Judge put it (see the GD at [20]):

_In the present case the Board observed that the three floating dry docks were
integral to the business of ship repair of the appellant_. _The Board pointed
out that, as there were no other docks in the appellant’s shipyard and all
ship repairing were carried out on these three floating dry docks, they were
essential to the use of the Property as a shipyard and their presence enhanced
its value._ The Board took the view that, in those circumstances, the floating
dry docks were part of the Property and they were properly included in the
assessment of annual value. [emphasis added]

55 As we have also seen above (at [42]), it does _not_ matter that these docks
were located, strictly and literally, beyond the physical boundary of the
property. Put simply, the floating dry docks were _clearly intended to be an
integral part of the Property_ – particularly from a functional perspective
(see also GD at [22]). It is also important to note that, as we have seen
above, as a point of _general legal principle_ , the _purpose_ of annexation
is an extremely important factor (indeed, so it appears, _even more so_ than
the _degree_ of annexation, as to which, see above at [46]–[47]).

56 It is also significant, in our view, that the functions of a floating dry
dock and of a basin dry dock are the _same_ (we elaborate upon this point in
more detail below at [71]). And it is equally significant that it is
unarguable that a basin dry dock would be clearly considered to be part of the
land.

57 We should also add that the fact that the water frontage to which the
floating dry docks were anchored onto was also leased by the appellant
(together with a TOL granted to it with regard to the seabed) does not affect
the conclusion we have arrived at. Indeed, if at all, this particular fact
buttresses it. More specifically, it reinforces the conclusion – already
arrived at above – to the effect that the floating dry docks are indeed part
of the land. And they are, _a fortiori_ , fixtures which have been attached to
that land, especially if – as we have already done – we take into account the
_purpose_ of anchoring these docks in the first instance.

58 In any event, as we have already noted, there was sufficient physical
connection by way of the _ramp_. There was also some discussion in _Rudd_
([48] _supra_), albeit in a slightly different context, as to whether or not
it mattered that the physical connection was horizontal rather than lateral.
We have, in fact, already explained above (at [42]) why this is not a crucial
issue and the decision in _Rudd_ itself supports our views. We should also add
that although we have arrived (with respect to a similar fact situation) at
the same conclusion as both the Hong Kong Lands Tribunal and the Hong Kong
Court of Appeal in _Yiu Lian Machinery Repairing Works Ltd v Commissioner of
Rating and Valuation_ [1982] HKC 55 (“ _Yiu Lian_ ”) and _Comr of Rating and
Valuation v Yiu Lian Machinery Repairing Works Ltd_ [1985] 2 HKC 517,
respectively, we do this via a quite different legal route. In particular, we
do not agree with Judge Cruden in _Yiu Lian_ that a floating dry dock is
different from a basin dry dock (at least in so far as their respective
functions are concerned).

59 In the circumstances, we therefore hold that the floating dry docks are not
only “buildings” within the meaning of s 2(1) of the Act but that they also
constitute part of the Property.

**_Are the floating dry docks “machinery” within the meaning of section 2(2)
of the Act?_**

60 Section 2(2) of the Act provides that the enhanced value due to the
presence of machinery which is used for the purposes therein stated is not to
be taken into account for the assessment of property tax. The salient portion
of s 2(2) of the Act reads as follows:

In assessing the annual value of any premises in or upon which there is _any
machinery used for any of the following purposes_ :

…

(_b_) the altering, _repairing_ , ornamenting or finishing _of any article_ ;
or

…

_the enhanced value given to the premises by the presence of such machinery
shall not be taken into consideration_ , and for this purpose “machinery”
includes the steam engines, boilers and other motive power belonging to that
machinery.

[emphasis added]

61 In the proceedings below, the Judge (at [15] of the GD) held that a
floating dry dock could be described as a structure that, combined with
machines such as water pumps, carried out the function of hoisting a large
vessel off the water. The Judge held that the floating dock might well be
considered to be machinery under s 2(2) of the Act and, if that were the
_exclusive_ function of the floating dry dock, he would have held so. However,
because the floating dry dock also functions as a place where the ship and
other machinery and equipment are stored, and where repair works are carried
out, the Judge found that the floating dry dock was more a floating factory
than mere machinery.

62 The Judge (at [16] of the GD) was further of the view that the value of
machinery (_ie_ , the water pumps and welding equipment) on board the floating
dry dock should not be taken into consideration pursuant to s 2(2) of the Act.
The Judge held that lifting of the ship above water level was part of the
process by which repair work was carried out. To this end, the Judge drew an
analogy between a car which needed to be jacked up, so as to enable the
mechanic to gain access to the undercarriage to carry out repair work to the
car, and the lifting of the ship from the water. Accordingly, the Judge found
that the pumps that pumped water into and out of the tanks were machinery
under s 2(2) of the Act.

63 On appeal, Mr Ong Sim Ho (“Mr Ong”), counsel for the appellant, focused on
this particular issue right at the outset of oral arguments before this court.
This was because, as he correctly pointed out, if his client was successful on
this issue, that would conclude the appeal in his client’s favour without
more. In other words, even if the respondent could prove that the floating dry
docks were “buildings” within the meaning of the Act and/or constituted part
of the land within the meaning of the Act, if the appellant could nevertheless
prove that these floating dry docks were machinery within the meaning of s
2(2) of the Act, then the enhanced value that accrued as a result of such
machinery would nonetheless be _excluded_ (as an _exception_) under the clear
terms of that particular provision itself.

64 In this regard, one must guard assiduously against a layperson’s instincts
and intuitions. This point was emphasised, in clear terms, by Mr Ong right at
the outset of the appeal. It was, if we may say so, a timely reminder. For
example, he pertinently pointed out that the exception in s 2(2) of the Act
could apply _even if_ the articles concerned (here, the floating dry docks)
_did_ constitute part of the land for the purposes of the Act.

65 Mr Ong contended that the Judge had erred in finding that a floating dry
dock, as a system, must have the sole and exclusive function of lifting a
vessel off the water. Mr Ong argued that so long as the primary purpose of the
floating dry docks was one of the purposes set out in s 2(2) of the Act, the
enhanced value from the floating dry docks should be excluded from assessment.

66 We are of the view, with respect, that the Judge’s test of _exclusive_
function is too strict. An alternative test of _dominant function_ appears to
us both just and fair. It would appear that the Judge had conflated two
(albeit closely related) issues. The first (which is, in fact, a prerequisite)
is whether or not the structure concerned is _machinery_ in the first place.
The second issue (assuming that the structure concerned is machinery) is
whether or not its use falls within one or more of the purposes set out in ss
2(2)(_a_) to 2(2)(_c_) of the Act. There appear to us, therefore, to be _two_
stages at which the _concept_ of function operates (and in somewhat different
ways). In this regard, the first stage corresponds to the first issue just
mentioned, and involves the issue as to what the _predominant function_ of the
structure concerned (here, the floating dry docks) is, having regard to the
crux of the inquiry (which is whether or not it is machinery in the first
place). In other words, was the _predominant_ function of the structure to
serve the function which would normally be attributed to machinery generally
_or_ was it to serve some other function?

67 The second stage corresponds to the second issue mentioned in the preceding
paragraph, and involves the question as to whether or not (assuming that the
predominant function of the structure concerned is one that would normally be
attributed to machinery) that function falls within one or more of the
purposes set out in ss 2(2)(_a_) to 2(2)(_c_) of the Act – in which case the
enhanced value given to the premises by the presence of such machinery shall
not be taken into consideration.

68 However, at this juncture, it is important to note that the _actual
evidence adduced_ in relation to the first stage of the inquiry is of crucial
importance. Indeed, the entire inquiry is necessarily _factual_ in nature.
That line-drawing is involved is not only a given but comports with reality
generally. Indeed, the courts are constantly involved in such an exercise of
discretion (which, in turn, involves issues of application of the law to the
relevant facts of the situation at hand). However, in order to avoid
arbitrariness (or even the perception thereof), it is necessary that there be
a guiding legal principle (or set of such principles) and logical as well as
commonsensical application of such a principle (or principles) to the facts
concerned.

69 The guiding principle, as we have just mentioned, is that of dominant
function. What, in other words, is the _dominant_ function of the article (or
articles) concerned (here, the floating dry docks)? More specifically, is the
dominant function to serve as machinery or as an apparatus, _or_ is it,
instead, to serve as a setting or platform in which the necessary work on
ships may be effected (bearing in mind the obvious fact that the ships
concerned need to be in a _dry_ environment in order for the necessary work to
be effected).

70 It is our considered view that, whilst _one_ of the functions of the
floating dry docks in the present appeal is to _lift_ the ships concerned up
into a dry environment (and, in this sense, constitutes machinery or
apparatus), it has, however, _not_ been demonstrated to our satisfaction that
that function was a _dominant_ one. It is clear, in our view, that an _at
least equally (if not more) important_ function is to serve as the setting or
environment in which the necessary work can take place.

71 In this regard, it would be helpful to compare the floating dry docks in
the present appeal (see generally John W Gaythwaite, _Design of Marine
Facilities for the Berthing, Mooring, and Repair of Vessels_ (ASCE Press, 2nd
Ed, 2004) (“ _Gaythwaite_ ”) at pp 442–456) with basin dry docks (see
generally _id_ , at pp 413–433). Indeed, Mr Ong _conceded_ that the latter
would not only be part of the land but would _also not_ come within the
exception relating to machinery within the meaning of s 2(2) of the Act.
However, as Mdm Julia, correctly, in our view, pointed out, the _function_ of
both these types of docks is the _same_. The principal purpose is to enable
the ship to be docked in a dry environment in order for the necessary work to
be effected. The key difference lies in the _method_ by which this purpose is
achieved. In so far as floating dry docks are concerned, this purpose is
achieved by _lifting_ the ship concerned, whereas in so far as a basin dry
dock on land is concerned, the purpose is achieved by _pumping out_ the water
once the ship has docked safely. Indeed, in the latter instance, _some
mechanism_ (albeit, here of pumping) is involved. This usually takes the form
of “[a] separate building or chamber called _a pumping station_ , _built into
the wall of the dock_ , [and which] contains the dewatering pumps and valve
operators, as well as other smaller pumps and equipment for discharging
rainwater and providing fire-fighting or ballast water, or, in the case of an
underdrain-type dock, pumps for the discharge of groundwater” [emphasis added]
(see _Gaythwaite_ at p 425). One could not, especially with regard to the
_concept of function_ , meaningfully distinguish between mechanisms that were
built outside and inside the wall of the dock, respectively, for this would be
but a _literal or physical_ difference – and no more. In _both_ instances, it
is clear to us that the _predominant_ function is the _same_ – and it is _to
provide a proper setting or environment in which the necessary work can be
properly and safely carried out_.

72 This is not, however, to state that if it had been demonstrated by the
appellant that the _predominant_ function of the floating dry docks in the
present appeal was to _lift_ ships out of the water, we would not have been
favourably disposed towards the appellant’s case. Unfortunately, such evidence
was simply not present on all the evidence available before us. We note that
Mr Ong directed us to the affidavit of evidence-in-chief (“AEIC”) of the
appellant’s executive director, Mr Ng Sing Chan (“Mr Ng”), and of the
respondent’s valuer, Mr Yong Guo Yeou. However, there was nothing in the AEICs
which suggested that the primary or main purpose of the floating dry docks was
not for repair. Although Mr Ng stated (at para 3 of his AEIC) that “[a]
floating [dry] dock is a piece of mobile equipment or machinery”, he added
that “[i]n order to _accommodate_ a vessel for purposes of repair, the
floating [dry] dock is partially submerged directly below the vessel”
[emphasis added].

73 Accordingly, as we have mentioned, it appears that the predominant function
of the floating dry docks is to provide a proper setting or facility
(principally a dry area) in which the necessary work can take place. In our
judgment, we find that the floating dry dock is akin to a motor workshop
whereas the water pumps are akin to a car jack. The former is the setting or
environment to accommodate the vessel for the necessary work and the latter
are machinery used to facilitate the execution of the necessary work. Indeed,
the _furthest_ we could possibly go in favour of the appellant on this
particular issue is that the provision of such a setting or environment is _at
least as important_ as that of lifting the vessel concerned for the purposes
of effecting the necessary work. Unfortunately, an _equally important_
function is _insufficient_ since, as we have already accepted above, the test
is that of _dominant_ function.

74 Finally, we note that our holding on this particular issue is also entirely
consistent with our earlier holding that the floating dry docks are
“buildings” within the meaning of the Act. Indeed, it would be both
semantically as well as substantively odd (or even inconsistent) to describe a
structure as being, at one and the same time, both a “building” as well as
“machinery”.

75 In the circumstances, we are of the view that the floating dry docks in the
present appeal do _not_ constitute machinery for the purposes of s 2(2) of the
Act and that, the appellant having failed at this _threshold_ stage, it is
irrelevant that the floating dry docks could otherwise fall within sub-ss
(_a_) and/or (_b_) and/or (_c_) of the same provision.

**Conclusion**

76 We should like to observe that although the appellant was unsuccessful in
the present appeal, Mr Ong is to be commended for presenting as clear and as
persuasive a case as he could on behalf of his client. Indeed, in our view, he
could not have presented a stronger one. Failure to secure the decision in a
case is not necessarily a reflection of the quality of the argument as well as
advocacy; indeed, as we have just mentioned, this is one such instance to the
contrary. We are also particularly impressed by Mr Ong’s candour and his
refusal to gloss over arguments as well as facts that did not appear to be in
his client’s favour. Although the court would, of course, disregard any such
attempts, it is refreshing that Mr Ong resisted the temptation to do what
happens so often, but which, we should hasten to add, is often due to
inexperience and/or overzealousness rather than bad faith.

77 To summarise, we hold that:

(a) the floating dry docks constitute “buildings” within the meaning of the
Act;

(b) the floating dry docks are in fact also part of the land for the purposes
of the Act; and

(c) the floating dry docks do _not_ constitute machinery within the meaning of
s 2(2) of the Act, and the appellant is therefore precluded from availing
itself of the benefit of that provision.

78 In the circumstances, therefore, we dismiss the appeal with costs, albeit
for somewhat different reasons than those adopted by the Judge. The usual
consequential orders are to follow.

Andrew Ang J (delivering the dissenting judgment):

**Introduction**

79 I have had the benefit of reading my learned brother Andrew Phang Boon
Leong JA’s judgment representing the views of the majority of the court.
Regretfully, despite my greatest respect for his erudition, on this rare
occasion, I must confess to my inability to agree with his judgment.

80 The facts have been clearly set out in my learned brother’s judgment and I
do not need to repeat them. For the sake of convenience, I will adopt, in my
judgment, the same abbreviations as those used in the majority’s judgment.

**Issues on appeal**

81 The issues that arise in this appeal are identical to the issues raised
before the Board and the Judge. In essence, the main bone of contention in the
appeal is whether the three floating docks ought to be included in the
assessment of the annual value of the Property. This question turns on the
following three issues:

(a) whether the floating docks fall within the definition of “buildings” in s
2(1) of the Act and are thus assessable to property tax under s 6(1) of the
Act;

(b) whether the floating docks fall to be assessed as part of the land and are
therefore assessable to property tax under s 6(1) of the Act; and

(c) whether the floating docks are machinery for the repair of vessels and
therefore ought to be excluded from assessment pursuant to s 2(2) of the Act.

**_Whether the floating docks fall within the definition of “building” in
section 2(1) and are thus assessable to property tax under section 6(1) of the
Act_**

82 As a preliminary, s 6(1) of the Act is the charging provision for the
imposition of property tax. Section 6(1) of the Act reads:

**Charge of property tax**

**6**.—(1) As from 1st January 1961, a property tax shall, subject to the
provisions of this Act, be payable at the rate or rates specified in this Act
for each year upon the annual value of _all houses, buildings, lands and
tenements_ whatsoever included in the Valuation List and amended from time to
time in accordance with the provisions of this Act.

[emphasis added]

In turn, s 2(1) of the Act defines “building” to mean:

… any structure erected on land and includes any house, hut, shed or similar
roofed enclosure, whether used for the purposes of human habitation or
otherwise, any slip, dock, wharf, pier, jetty, landing-stage, underground or
overground tank for the storage of solids, liquids or gases, and any oil
refinery[.]

83 In the trial below, the Judge opined that the definition of “building” in s
2(1) of the Act had two limbs, _viz_ , _the first limb_ , “any structure
erected on land”; and _the second limb_ , “includes any house … any slip,
dock, wharf, pier, jetty, landing-stage, underground or overground tank for
the storage of solids, liquids or gases, and any oil refinery”. The Judge also
cited the Singapore High Court decision of _Van Ommeren_ ([25] _supra_) for
the proposition that the words “and includes” in the second limb extends the
scope of the first limb so that the structures specified in the second limb do
not have to be “erected on land”.

84 I note that my learned brother, Phang JA (at [16] to [24] above), has read
the definition slightly differently, treating the words “whether used for the
purposes of human habitation or otherwise” as demarcating the end of the first
limb so that whereas “any house, hut, shed or similar roofed enclosure” would
each be an example of a _structure erected on land_ , “any slip, dock, wharf,
pier, jetty, landing-stage, underground or overground tank for the storage of
solids, liquids or gases, and any oil refinery” would “not [be] part of the
land in the conventional sense” (at [32] above).

85 With the greatest respect to my learned brethren, I must admit that I have
difficulty agreeing with either interpretation. To my mind, there are no two
distinct limbs; all the structures enumerated are examples of structures
erected on land. I do not regard the words “whether used for the purposes of
human habitation or otherwise” as anything more than parenthetical so that the
words thereafter following would continue to be part of the enumeration of
structures erected on land. In my view, the specific inclusion of structures
serves to pre-empt any argument that might otherwise be advanced that certain
of them do not qualify as “buildings” in the conventional sense. Whether or
not water separates part of a structure from its foundation in the ground, the
structures in s 2(1) of the Act are still erected on land (albeit not dry land
but the seabed).

86 In determining whether the floating docks fell within the meaning of “dock”
in the definition of “building” in s 2(1) of the Act, the Judge (at [11] of
the GD) applied the _ejusdem generis_ rule and found that the word “dock” was
used in the maritime sense. In other words, the issue was whether the floating
docks were a subset of “dock”. The Judge held that there were various types of
docks depending on the purpose for which a ship was docked and the business
decision of the entity that was performing the activity in furtherance of that
purpose. He found that a floating dock was just one type of dock and therefore
found the floating docks to fall within the term “dock” in the definition of
“building” in s 2(1) of the Act.

87 On appeal, Mr Ong submitted that floating docks were not “buildings” as
they fell outside the definition in s 2(1) of the Act. He contended that
whilst the terms “slip”, “dock”, “wharf”, “pier”, “jetty” and “landing-stage”
all denote marine structures, “floating docks” were unique in that they were
vessels actively involved not just in raising a ship above the water but
holding them in a specific position for the purposes of repair.

88 Mdm Julia, counsel for the respondent, submitted that the word “dock”
appeared in the definition of “building” and the Legislature had not made any
distinction between the different types of docks. As such, _all_ docks were
assessable under the Act.

89 Another contention advanced by Mdm Julia was that the respondent had
assessed the Property under the “contractor’s test” method in the absence of
rental evidence. Under this method, the annual value to be imputed to a
property is arrived at by applying a rate of return on the total capital
expenditure incurred in developing the property. As was explained in _Dawkins
v Royal Leamington Spa Corporation and Warwickshire County Council_ (1961) 8
RRC 241 at 251, the underlying assumption is that the rent which such a
property could reasonably fetch (_ie_ , the annual value) cannot be less than
the annual interest which the taxpayer would have to pay (were he to borrow)
or to forgo (if he were to use his own money) to develop the property himself;
if it were less it would have made more economic sense for him to rent it than
to build it himself. Whatever the inadequacies of such an explanation, the
contractor’s test method is well established. Mdm Julia’s argument was that it
was proper to include the cost of the floating docks for the purpose of
determining the annual value of the property using the contractor’s test
method. In this regard, Mdm Julia made reference to an earlier decision of the
Board in _BP (Singapore) Ltd v Chief Assessor_ [1959-1986] SPTC 86 (“the _BP_
case”) for the proposition that expenses incurred on land adjacent to the
Property over which the appellant had merely a TOL could not be excluded from
assessment so long as the expenses incurred were necessary for the benefit of
the Property.

90 I deal first with _Van Ommeren_ ([25] _supra_) which was the main authority
relied upon by the Judge in support of his conclusion that the floating docks
were assessable as “buildings”. At [8] of the GD, the Judge quoted the
observations of Chao Hick Tin J in _Van Ommeren_ (at 429, [13]) on the scope
of the term “building” in s 2:

However, in the definition now under consideration, the legislature has used
the words ‘means … and includes’. How should one approach such a definition?
In my opinion, a plain reading of that definition is surely this. The
legislature has defined the word ‘building’ to bear the ordinary sense of ‘any
structure erected on land’. But it has also expanded the meaning of that word
to encompass those items enumerated after the words ‘and includes’
_irrespective_ of whether those items are structures erected on land. It will
be noted that the legislature has used the words ‘and includes’ twice in the
definition. _With respect, I am unable to agree with the Board that the things
enumerated after the words ‘and includes’ are merely examples of structures
erected on land. For instance, a pier or jetty is not a structure erected on
land. It is a structure erected over the sea or water_. [emphasis added]

91 Chao J observed that the words “and includes” occurred twice in the
definition. That is no longer the case. As to Chao J’s other observation that
a pier or jetty was not a structure erected on land, for the reason I gave at
[85] above, I beg to differ. I would have thought that they would be supported
by columns built into the seabed even if the top of such structures was above
the water level. As such, a pier or jetty could still be aptly described as a
structure erected on land.

92 The _Van Ommeren_ case concerned the question whether storage tanks and
pipes (attached thereto) on the land that was being assessed were (a)
buildings or (b) part of the “land” such that they would be assessable,
together with the land, for the purposes of property tax. An appreciation of
the arguments raised by counsel for the taxpayer would serve usefully to
contextualise Chao J’s remarks in the case. Essentially, counsel was arguing
that the storage tanks which sat in pits on the land were not “structures
erected on land” and hence did not fall within the said definition. His
argument was that all the illustrations referred to in s 2 had to be
structures erected _on land_ to qualify as “buildings”. It was in this context
that Chao J’s observations at 492, [13] of _Van Ommeren_ (set out at [90]
above), in particular those which I have emphasised in italics, were made.

93 In my view, it would be a stretch to say that Chao J intended that
structures on _adjoining property_ could be taken into account for the purpose
of property tax on the subject property. This question did not arise for
consideration on the facts of the case as the tanks and pipes were all within
the boundaries of the subject property. In referring to a pier or jetty as
being a structure built over the sea and not on land, the thrust of his
reasoning was that the word “building” should not be limited strictly to a
structure erected on land. Chao J was not making the proposition that a
structure outside the boundary of the subject land could still be considered a
building on the land for tax purposes. (Nothing in the definition of
“building” warrants the assumption that the subject land does not include the
seabed.) Such a conclusion would have been difficult to reconcile with his
reliance upon Blackburn J’s statement of the law in _Holland_ ([45] _supra_)
for his alternate holding that the tanks were part of the land. Chao J’s
observations therefore did not provide support for the Judge’s holding.

94 Before moving on to the next issue, whether the floating docks fall to be
assessed as “ _part of the land_ ”, I consider briefly the _BP_ case ([89]
_supra_) cited by Mdm Julia. The _BP_ case concerned computation of the annual
value of property using the contractor’s method of assessment. There, the
Board held, in the assessment of a petrol service station, that the expenses
incurred for drains, culverts and roadways over the drains built _on the
portion of land surrendered to the Government (adjoining the petrol service
station)_ ought to be included for the valuation of the said station. Two
preliminary observations can be made about the _BP_ case before turning to a
substantive analysis of the case proper. First, it cited only one authority,
the English case of _Mayor, Aldermen, and Citizens of Liverpool v Assessment
Committee of Llanfyllin Union and Overseers of Llanwddyn_ [1899] 2 QB 14 (“the
_Liverpool Corporation_ case”), decided in the late 19th century. That case,
in turn, did not refer to any precedents. In that case, the corporation of
Liverpool was required by statute (under a special Act constituted for the
construction of a reservoir) to carry out the works, _ie_ , providing sites
and constructing new buildings on neighbouring land in place of those that,
with the completion of the reservoir, would be submerged (the latter being _on
the site in question_). The Court of Appeal agreed that they were necessarily
part of the construction costs to be assessed in determining the effective
capital value of the project. The primary ground for the court’s decision was
that the contractors would have been entitled to reimbursement, if they had
paid compensation in cash to the owners of the buildings on the site, and
there was no difference in principle between such a payment and construction
of new buildings in substitution on a separate plot of land (in effect,
payment in kind), especially since the special Act mandated that the
contractors carry out such reconstruction. This is evident from the
observations of Romer LJ (at 25), which merit reproduction below:

In estimating the expenditure on works like this reservoir, it is obvious that
the cost of acquiring buildings which stand upon the site which it is
necessary to acquire for the works must be included. Applying that to the
church, vicarage, and schools in the present case; their sites being required
for the reservoir, it was necessary to acquire them, and the expenditure of
the amount of money requisite for their acquisition could not be regarded as
unnecessary or wasteful. If they had been paid for in cash, I do not think any
question could possibly have arisen. But in this case, though the corporation
did not pay in cash, they paid in kind. By the special Act, instead of paying
money, they were required to erect similar buildings on other sites. I do not
think that makes any difference in point of principle. _The expense of
erecting the new buildings elsewhere was as much part of the capital
expenditure on the works as if it had been cash paid to the owners of the old
buildings for the purchase of them_. [emphasis added]

As such, the holding in the _Liverpool Corporation_ case was specific to its
factual matrix and did not actually stand for the broader proposition that the
respondents sought to advance before us.

95 Returning to the _BP_ case, the land adjoining the petrol station which was
developed for access to the station (by construction of drains, culverts and
roadways) _was part of the subject land owned by the company_ but, after
completion of the development, was acquired by the Government subject to a
right of way (easement) reserved to the company for reasonable access to the
station. This, in our opinion, suffices to distinguish the _BP_ case from the
present factual matrix.

96 Next, I move on to the question as to whether the floating docks
nonetheless formed “part of the land” for the purposes of property tax
assessment under s 6(1) of the Act.

**_Whether the floating docks fall to be assessed as part of the land and are
therefore assessable to property tax under section 6(1) of the Act_**

97 The issue is whether in the assessment of the annual value of the Property,
account may be taken of the floating docks connected to the Property by
flapping ramps, but with the floating docks situated over the seabed _outside_
the boundary of the Property.

98 The Judge agreed with the Board’s reliance on the English rating cases in
applying the fixture test laid down in _Holland_ ([45] _supra_). This
essentially formed the crux of the arguments on appeal, to which I now turn.

99 Mr Ong submitted that the English non-domestic rating cases were distinct
from common law cases on annexation and therefore had no bearing on the
application of the fixture test, which was the test applicable in Singapore.
Mr Ong argued that the Judge erred in claiming to apply the fixture test when
he in fact used the “enhancement” test imported from the English non-domestic
rating cases which were inapplicable to our property tax regime. In response,
Mdm Julia unsurprisingly contended that the rating cases in England were
applicable to Singapore.

100 In order to properly appreciate Mr Ong’s argument, it would be necessary,
at this juncture, to trace the development of the law in the UK, starting from
the seminal case of _Wilkins_ ([48] _supra_), before moving on to the crucial
question whether the English rating cases ought to apply locally in this
regard.

_Preliminary observations_

101 I preface my analysis of the case law with some observations on the
distinguishing features of our local property tax regime (and the distinct
character it has taken on, as it has evolved over the years) to demonstrate
that English rating principles cannot be resorted to in the context of the
present case.

102 First, rating in UK is based on _occupation_ (beneficial use of the land)
and not on _ownership_. _Ryde on Rating_ ([43] _supra_) states clearly (at p
20) that the person to be rated is the occupier and not the owner. It goes on
to state (_ibid_) as follows:

It is incorrect to say that land is rateable. The occupier, not the thing
occupied, is rateable.

In contrast, the preamble to the Act describes it as “[a]n Act to provide for
the levy of a tax on immovable properties …”. The Board in _Cho Chih Yee v
Chief Assessor_ [1969] 2 MLJ iii at vi, put it correctly as follows:

First, it is not correct to say that property tax attaches to the owner of
property. The long title to the Ordinance is self-explanatory: property tax is
“the levy of a tax on immovable properties …”. The payment of this tax,
however, is by the owners of the properties.

103 That the distinction is not a matter of mere semantic nicety (and that it
has practical consequences) is aptly illustrated by _Ryde on Rating_ ’s
cautionary words (albeit in relation to the English rating system) (at p 21)
as follows:

It is often convenient for the sake of brevity to say that the land is
rateable, but there is danger in substituting for the words of the statute a
phrase which is not an exact equivalent. If the substituted phrase be made the
foundation of an argument, a fallacy may be involved.

104 In the same vein, I am of the view that to apply English rating cases
(based on occupation) in defining “land” under s 2 of our Act would involve a
fallacy; it is imperative that a tax on immovable properties does not attach
to chattels (as distinct from fixtures) without statutory sanction. It is one
thing in rating a person for his _occupation_ of land to take into account
chattels thereon (even when they do not belong to him) which enhance his
enjoyment of the occupation. It is another thing altogether to say that
chattels on land which do not form part of the land may be taxed as if they
were part of the land.

105 Second, and this follows from the first point, the definition of rateable
hereditament under the English system is of little or no assistance to our
understanding of taxable property (in particular, the chattel/fixture
distinction that has been firmly entrenched in our law).

106 I now proceed to consider the English position with a view to
demonstrating that it is inappropriate to follow the English principles, and
thereby detract from the settled jurisprudence in land law, in determining
what constitutes “land” for property tax assessment.

_The English position: Fixture/chattel distinction is irrelevant to
rateability_

107 The _Wilkins_ case ([48] _supra_) decided that the test for rateability
was whether there was evidence that the structures in question, occupied for a
period which was not transient, were _enjoyed with the land and enhanced its
value_. It held that the question of whether the structures had lost their
chattel character (_ie_ , the fixture/chattel distinction encapsulated in
_Holland_ ([45] _supra_) was _not decisive_ as a test of rateability. As Lord
Oaksey noted (at 376 of _Wilkins_):

I am therefore in agreement with Jenkins L.J. that the case of _Holland_ v.
_Hodgson_ is _really irrelevant_ , since the present question is not whether
the [structures in question] formed part of the realty by reason of the way in
which they were annexed to the land and the intention with which they were so
annexed, but _whether the contractors had sufficient exclusive possession_ …
[emphasis added]

In the same vein, Lord Radcliffe observed (at 378) as follows:

On the second point, I think it equally well established that a structure
placed upon _another_ person’s land can with it form a rateable hereditament,
even though the _structure remains in law a chattel_ and _as such the property
of the person who placed it there_. [emphasis added]

Pausing for a moment here, under our system, where tax is on the property
rather than the owner, chattels belonging to someone else cannot be assessed
together with the land unless they have become part of the land. I should add
that Mdm Julia has not been able to persuade me that there has been any
instance in which _Wilkins_ has been applied in Singapore.

108 The _Wilkins_ decision has been lauded by subsequent cases in England as
the _locus classicus_ in so far as the test for rateability is concerned:
_Ryan Industrial Fuels Ltd v Morgan_ [1965] 1 WLR 1347, _Field Place Caravan
Park_ ([48] _supra_), _Floatels (UK) Ltd v Perrin_ [1995] RA 326 and _Rudd_
([48] _supra_)_._

109 It would suffice, for present purposes, to deal with the case of _Rudd_ ,
as it was relied upon principally by the Judge for the proposition that the
floating docks could be assessed as part of the shipyard land. In that case,
the ratepayer company acquired a former passenger ferry and converted it for
use as an entertainment complex and moored it on the river. It was held in
place by ropes and chains attached to the adjacent land which, together with
the riverbed, formed part of the same hereditament occupied by the ratepayer
company. The question that arose was whether the vessel could be rated as part
of the hereditament. The headnote to the case usefully summarises the holding
of the case:

[U]nder English rating law since its origin and as currently expressed in
section 43(1) of the 1988 Act [Local Government Finance Act 1988 (c 41) (UK)]
liability to be rated rested on occupation of property; … although such
liability was limited to hereditaments in the nature of land, a chattel on or
connected with the occupied land could also be rated if it were enjoyed with
and enhanced the value of the land; … occupation of a floating vessel
_horizontally connected to adjacent land_ was rateable where such occupation
was actual and exclusive, had a degree of permanence and was of benefit to the
occupier, even if there were no vertical physical connection between the
vessel and the land; and … since the vessel occupied a fixed position in the
river immediately above the licensed foreshore and riverbed for a period of
nine years without interference from the licensors and since such occupation
was both exclusive, notwithstanding the interposition of water between the
vessel and the riverbed, and of substantial benefits to the company, _it
constituted rateable occupation of the licensed area of the riverbed for which
the company was liable_ … [emphasis added]

110 Turning now to the Judge’s analysis of the case, he said at [19] of the
GD:

In applying the test in _Holland v Hodgson_ , the Board relied on a line of
English cases which held that a vessel docked adjacent to occupied land could
be rated if it were enjoyed with and enhanced the value of the land. In _Rudd_
… the rating authority assessed a vessel moored with the permission of the
Port Authority and under a licence over the riverbed granted by the Crown. The
vessel was fastened by ropes and chains to river frontage occupied by the
ratepayer, with access secured by means of steel gangways. The English Court
of Appeal upheld the decision of the authority to assess the vessel on the
ground that it was a _chattel_ sufficiently attached to the occupied land and
[was] _enjoyed with_ [the land] _and enhanced its value_. [emphasis added]

111 Two observations are pertinent at this juncture to demonstrate that,
contrary to the Judge’s decision, _Rudd_ does not warrant a similar extension
in the local context. First, in the light of the affirmative pronouncement by
the House of Lords in _Wilkins_ that _Holland_ is irrelevant for assessing
whether a chattel is part of a rateable hereditament, the Board’s reliance on
the English cases on rating while applying _Holland_ was misconceived. Second,
a close reading of the judgment in _Rudd_ (especially at [46], [50] and [60]
of the judgment) would show that the floating vessel was considered a rateable
hereditament _together with the riverbed_ and _not with the adjacent land_ per
se. The riverbed formed part of the same hereditament as the adjacent land and
it was held, in effect, that the vessel’s attachment to the adjacent land was
good enough to constitute the vessel as part of the same hereditament as the
riverbed. The vessel’s attachment to the adjacent land did not _per se_ make
it part of the same hereditament as the adjacent land. The court’s
observations at [60] of the judgment delivered by Potter LJ clearly bear this
out and merit reproduction in full:

I do not find those observations telling or indeed accurate in relation to the
facts of this case. As I have already indicated, it does not seem to me that
the mere fact that a vessel floats on water above the _land_ _(i e_ _the
riverbed)_ , per se prevents it from being a chattel enjoyed with the land and
which enhances its value. Nor, if it is secured permanently in position by
horizontal attachment to _adjacent land forming part of the same hereditament_
, is it vital that the vessel should be directly secured or connected to the
land beneath. In such circumstances, the purpose and function of the
horizontal attachment is to confine the vessel to the area of the _licensed
land beneath_ , thereby enjoying _that land_ (albeit supported by the water
above it) as a permanent means to support by which means the riverbed,
together with the adjacent quay _as part of the same hereditament_ , is
enhanced in value. [emphasis added]

112 From this, it is clear that _Rudd_ is not authority for the proposition
(even under the English rating system) that a vessel, horizontally attached to
the adjacent land, without more, forms part of the same hereditament as the
adjacent land. (In _Rudd_ , the common link provided by the seabed made
possible the finding that the vessel, the seabed and the adjacent land formed
one hereditament.) It follows that the Judge’s holding at [19] of the GD (see
at [110] above), which was premised primarily on this interpretation, cannot
be supported. In the case before us, the appellant only holds a TOL over the
seabed.

_Local position_

113 Against this backdrop, we turn now to the local position. That the classic
statement of the law by Blackburn J in _Holland_ is part of our land law is
evident from the fact that it was followed by our Court of Appeal in
_Gebrueder Buehler AG v Chi Man Kwong Peter_ [1988] SLR 24 and in _People’s
Park Chinatown Development Pte Ltd v Schindler Lifts (S) Pte Ltd_ [1993] 1 SLR
591. Chattels which are “annexed” to the land (in the extended sense ascribed
thereto in _Holland_ are fixtures and therefore part of the land.

114 We now return to _Van Ommeren_ ([25] _supra_) for guidance on the term
“land” in s 6 of the Act. To recapitulate, the learned judge in that case,
despite concluding that the storage tanks and pipes on the subject property in
question were buildings, went on to consider if they were _part of the land_.
The judge affirmed that the _Holland_ test was decisive in this regard. I turn
then to the oft-cited observations of Blackburn J (at 334–336) in _Holland_):

There is no doubt that the general maxim of law is, that what is annexed to
the land becomes part of the land; but it is very difficult, if not
impossible, to say with precision what constitutes an annexation sufficient
for this purpose. It is a question which must depend on the circumstances of
each case, and mainly on two circumstances, as indicating the intention, viz.,
the degree of annexation and the object of the annexation. Where the article
in question is no further attached to the land then by its own weight it is
generally to be considered a mere chattel; see _Wiltshear_ v. _Cottrell_
[(1853) 1 El**** & Bl 674; 118 ER 589], and the cases there cited. But even in
such a case, if the intention is apparent to make the articles part of the
land, they do become part of the land: see _D’Eyncourt_ v. _Gregory_ [(1866)
LR 3 Eq 382]. Thus blocks of stone placed one on the top of another without
any mortar or cement for the purpose of forming a dry stone wall would become
part of the land, though the same stones, if deposited in a builder’s yard and
for convenience sake stacked on the top of each other in the form of a wall,
would remain chattels. … Perhaps the true rule, is that articles not otherwise
attached to the land, than by their own weight are not to be considered as
part of the land unless the circumstances are such as to shew that they were
intended to be part of the land, the onus of shewing that they were so
intended lying on those who assert that they have ceased to be chattels and
that, on the contrary, an article which is affixed to the land even slightly
is to be considered as part of the land, unless the circumstances are such as
to shew that it was intended all along to continue a chattel, the onus lying
on those who contend that it is a chattel. This last proposition seems to be
in effect the basis of the judgment of the Court of Common Pleas delivered by
Maule, J., in _Wilde_ v _. Waters_ [(1855) 16 CB 637; 139 ER 909]. This,
however, only removes the difficulty one step, for it still remains a question
in each case whether the circumstances are sufficient to satisfy this onus. In
some cases, such as the anchor of the ship or the ordinary instance given of a
carpet nailed to the floor of a room, the nature of the thing sufficiently
shews it is only fastened as a chattel temporarily, and not affixed
permanently as part of the land. But ordinary trade or tenant fixtures which
are put up with the intention that they should be removed by the tenant (and
so are put up for a purpose in one sense only temporary, and certainly not for
the purpose of improving the reversionary interest of the landlord) have
always been considered as part of the land, though severable by the tenant. In
most, if not all, of such cases the reason why the articles are considered
fixtures is probably that indicated by Wood, V.C., in _Boyd_ v _. Shorrock_
[(1867) LR 5 Eq 72], that the tenant indicates by the mode in which he puts
them up that he regards them as attached to the property during his interest
in the property.

115 Applying this to the facts of the present case, I am of the opinion that
the floating docks do not form part of the shipyard land for the purposes of
property tax assessment for two reasons. First, they are not on or within the
subject property. Second, there is no principle of law that any chattel lying
outside the boundary of the land is part of the land unless, as seen from the
definition of “immovable property” in s 2(1) of the Interpretation Act (Cap 1,
2002 Rev Ed), it is permanently fastened to a fixture on the land and is not a
fixture on the adjoining land. (The need for the second qualification is
obvious since the same chattel cannot at one and the same time be part of two
separate plots of land). As the floating docks were not permanently fastened
to the shipyard (they were only joined by flapping ramps and could and have in
fact been towed away before), they would not qualify as fixtures (even in the
broader sense of being permanently fastened to a fixture on the property in
question).

116 In the light of the foregoing conclusion(s), the appeal ought, without
more, to be allowed. However, for the sake of completeness and in the interest
of doing justice to counsel’s submissions, I briefly address the third issue,
_viz_ , whether the floating docks, nevertheless, constituted machinery
exempted under s 2(2) of the Act.

**_Whether the floating docks are machinery under section 2(2) of the Act_**

_Preliminary point_

117 Section 2(2) of the Act exempts machinery, in or upon any premises which
is used for any of the purposes therein stated, from being taken into account
in the determination of the annual value of the premises. Section 2(2) reads:

In assessing the annual value of any premises _in or upon which_ there is _any
machinery used for any of the following purposes_ :

(_a_) the making of any article or part thereof;

(_b_) the altering, _repairing_ , ornamenting or finishing _of any article_ ;
or

(_c_) the adapting for sale of any article,

_the enhanced value given to the premises by the presence of such machinery
shall not be taken into consideration_ , and for this purpose “machinery”
includes the steam engines, boilers and other motive power belonging to that
machinery.

[emphasis added]

118 It is immediately obvious that the machinery must be _in or upon_ the
premises which are the subject of property tax. Moreover, as property tax is a
tax on immovable property, unless the machinery is part of the land, its
presence on the land does not enhance the value of the land for property tax
purposes. In the exceptional case where machinery lying on adjoining land (but
not so as to become a fixture thereon) is permanently fastened to a fixture on
the premises subject to property tax, such machinery could, in my view, still
be said to be “in or upon” the premises.

119 On our facts, the floating docks are neither fixtures on the Property nor
permanently fastened to any fixtures thereon. This, without more, suffices to
dispose of the appeal. Moreover, the fact that the exemption is only accorded
to qualifying machinery _in or upon_ the premises also inferentially lends
support to my holding that the floating docks adjacent to the Property cannot
be included in its assessment to property tax. No reference is made in s 2(2)
of the Act to machinery outside the land precisely because, _ex hypothesi_ ,
these do not even fall within the definition of property subject to tax.

_Are floating docks machinery?_

120 Notwithstanding the preliminary point, I proceed to consider, in the light
of the discussion undertaken by my brethren, whether the floating docks are
qualifying machinery for the purposes of the s 2(2) exemption. Both the Board
and the Judge found that the floating docks were machinery. However, because
in their view the floating docks did not satisfy any of the limbs in s 2(2) of
the Act, the enhanced value given to the Property could not be excluded from
assessment.

121 Before us, Mdm Julia submitted that the floating docks were _not_
machinery. She argued that the floating docks merely provided the land or
building facility on which repair work could take place and were no different
from any motor vehicle workshop.

122 Unfortunately, there is no definition of “machinery” in the Act. The word
is defined in _Collins English Dictionary_ _& Thesaurus_ (HarperCollins
Publishers, 4th Ed, 2006) principally as:

**1** machines, machine parts, or machine systems collectively. **2** a
particular machine system or set of machines. **3** a system similar to a
machine.

“Machine” is in turn defined, _inter alia_ , to mean:

**1** an assembly of interconnected components arranged to transmit or modify
force in order to perform useful work. **2** a device for altering the
magnitude or direction of a force, such as a lever or screw. **3** a
mechanically operated device or means of transport, such as a car or aircraft.
**4** any mechanical or electrical device that automatically performs tasks or
assists in performing tasks.

123 From the above, it is clear that the definition of machine is broad enough
to encompass small and simple devices, such as a lever or screw, as well as
bigger devices, such as a car or an aircraft. In other words, a machine is
_any_ device which makes work easier, regardless of its size. Take an
aeroplane as an example. It assists in the transportation of people and goods
from place to place. Apart from the jet engines which power the aeroplane, it
also has facilities to accommodate both crew and passengers. Yet, is there any
doubt that it is a machine? In this connection, I agree with the Judge that
floating docks are machinery. I am not persuaded by Mdm Julia’s contention
that floating docks merely serve as a platform for repair works to be carried
out. In my view, a floating dock is a piece of machinery which incorporates a
system of water pumps and a deck strong enough to support a ship, both working
together to assist in the performance of a human task. In this regard, the
following observations of the Judge (at [15] of the GD) are apposite:

_There is no doubt that a floating dry dock is an ingenious solution to the
problem of lifting a large vessel_ , weighing perhaps thousands of tons, off
the water so that repair work may be carried out under dry conditions. It is
much easier to pump out the water surrounding a ship than to lift it out of
the water, which is the principle utilised in a conventional dry dock. In the
case of a floating dry dock, the vessel and the entire dock are lifted out of
water by pumping water out of the flooded tanks. _A floating dry dock may be
described as a structure that, combined with machines such as water pumps,
carries out the function of lifting a large vessel off the water. This system
may well be considered to be machinery under s 2(2) of the Act_ and if that
were the exclusive function of the floating dry dock, I would have so held.
[emphasis added]

124 Reference may also be made to the Scottish case of _Inland Revenue
Commissioners v Barclay, Curle & Co Ltd_ [1969] 1 WLR 675, where the question
that arose before the House of Lords was whether a dry dock was plant and
machinery or was a mere setting or the premises on which ships were repaired.
In that case, the dock in question was a dry dock excavated into the ground.
Nonetheless, the Special Commissioners’ analysis, which was approved by the
House of Lords, is instructive for holding that a dry dock is similar in
function to a machine. The pertinent portion of the Special Commissioners’
analysis (see _Commissioners of Inland Revenue v Barclay, Curle & Co Ltd_
(1968) 45 TC 221 at 230) reads:

[T]he dock was similar to an hydraulic tank which was used for taking ships
out of their element, exposing them and then returning them. We accepted this,
and found further that the dock acted like a large vice for holdings ships in
position while they were repaired or cleaned. _The dry dock was in our view
not the mere setting or premises in which ships were repaired. It was
different from a factory which housed machinery, for, in the operation of the
dock, the dock itself played a part in the control of water and enabled the
valves, pumps and electricity generator, which were an integral part of its
construction, to perform their functions. The dock was not a mere shelter or
home but itself played an essential part in the operations_ which took place
in getting a ship into the dock, holding it securely and then returning it to
the river. [emphasis added]

125 _A fortiori_ , floating docks, which submerge below the water’s surface to
receive the ship and lift it out of the water, must be considered machines
rather than merely the setting in which ships are repaired. Floating docks
physically lift the ship from the water. In my view, the very work of hoisting
the ship out of the water is part of the repair process. The floating docks
are therefore machinery.

_Does section 2(2) of the Act apply?_

126 Having found that floating docks are machinery, the question then arises:
Are the floating docks machinery “used for any of the following purposes”
stated in s 2(2) (see [117] above) such that the enhanced value given to the
Property may be excluded from assessment?

127 The Judge (at [16] of the GD) held that the activity of lifting a ship
above water level was an activity which fell within s 2(2)(_b_) of the Act. He
drew an analogy between the lifting of a ship from the water to the activity
of jacking a car up for repair for the proposition that lifting is part of the
process by which repair work is carried out. However, the Judge (at [15] of
the GD) adopted a narrow interpretation of s 2(2) of the Act and held that
unless the _exclusive_ and _sole_ function of the floating docks was to lift a
ship above water level, s 2(2) of the Act would not apply. This was because,
apart from lifting a vessel from the water, a floating dock also functioned as
a place where the ship was stored and where repair works were carried out.
There were other machinery and facilities such as toilets and rest areas on
the floating dock and, in his view, the floating dock was more a “floating
factory than a mere machine”.

128 In the appeal, Mr Ong submitted that the Judge was wrong to insist that a
floating dock, as a system, must have the _exclusive_ function of lifting a
vessel off the water. Instead, the _primary_ purpose, as opposed to the
exclusive purpose, of the floating docks must be those listed in s 2(2) of the
Act. Mr Ong added that the presence of other machinery and equipment as well
as the availability of toilet facilities were directly related to the
particular repair job carried out on a particular vessel.

_Purpose behind section 2(2) of the Act_

129 It will be appropriate, at this juncture, to examine the purpose behind s
2(2) of the Act in order to determine whether Parliament intended for s 2(2)
of the Act to be interpreted narrowly. In other words, does s 2(2) of the Act
require the floating docks to be _solely and exclusively_ used for the
purposes therein stated (_ie_ , for repair) or does it suffice if the floating
docks were _primarily_ used for the purposes set out in s 2(2) of the Act?

130 Until the recent decision in _First DCS Pte Ltd v Chief Assessor_ [2007] 3
SLR 326, there was a dearth of cases dealing with s 2(2) of the Act. One of
the issues raised there was whether the district cooling machinery was
machinery which qualified under any of the limbs in s 2(2) of the Act. In that
case, the court found that water had been “adapted for sale” for the purposes
of s 2(2)(_c_) and the enhancement in value due to the district cooling
machinery was therefore not taken into account for assessment. It was
suggested that the rationale behind s 2(2) of the Act is as follows (at [26]
to [28]):

[A]lthough our s 2(2) is similar to s 175 of the UK Factories Act 1961 (c 34)
…, it bears noting that ss 3 and 4 of the UK Rating and Valuation
(Apportionment) Act 1928 (c 44) (“the De-rating Act”) also rode on the
provisions in the Factories Act. As such, _where the premises were a “factory”
within the meaning of the Factories Act, the premises_ (_ie_ _,_ an industrial
hereditament) _would be entitled to the benefit of the “de-rating” provisions
of the De-rating Act. The object of the De-rating Act was to benefit
manufacturers and industrial producers by granting them relief in respect of a
portion of the rates._ Hence, where the _primary_ _use_ and purpose of the
hereditament was non-factory (_eg_ , as a dwelling house or retail shop or for
a distributive wholesale business), one did not de-rate, for the hereditament
was not industrial.

In contrast, under s 2(2) of the Act, only machinery used for the purposes of
making, altering or adapting for sale of articles is excluded from assessment.
…

The question then arises: what was the Legislature’s intention in excluding
only certain kinds of machinery? Although no express statement in this regard
may be found, it seems to be likely that _the object behind s 2(2) was to
encourage investments in plant and machinery for manufacturing, processing and
other industrial purposes._

[emphasis added]

This was endorsed by the Court of Appeal in _Chief Assessor v First DCS Pte
Ltd_ [2008] 2 SLR 724.

131 In the light of the above observations, I am of the view that the Judge’s
“exclusive function” test does not comport with the purpose behind s 2(2) of
the Act. In my judgment, as long as the _primary_ and _dominant_ (as opposed
to the _exclusive_) function of the floating docks is for the purpose of
repair, the floating docks ought to be excluded from assessment. Parliament
could not have intended for s 2(2) of the Act to be so narrowly construed as
to undermine its intention to encourage investments in
manufacturing/processing/industrial machinery. Given that the primary function
of the floating docks is to lift the vessel and to hold the same for repair, I
find that the floating docks are “machinery” under s 2(2) of the Act.
Accordingly (and for this reason additionally), the enhanced value given to
the premises by the presence of such machinery should not be taken into
account for the purposes of property tax assessment.

**Conclusion**

132 For the reasons given above, I would allow the appeal.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 20 May 2008 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

