Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Law Society of Singapore v Mahadevan Lukshumayeh and Others  
[2008] SGHC 106

Case Number | : | OS 149/2008, SUM 926/2008  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 08 July 2008  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Chan Sek Keong CJ; Chao Hick Tin JA; Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Han Wah Teng and Tan Cheow Hung (Keystone Law Corporation) for the applicant; Vergis S Abraham and Clive Myint Soe (Drew & Napier LLC) for the first respondent; Thangavelu (Straits Law Practice LLC) for the second respondent; Rajan Nair (Rajan Nair & Partners) for the third respondent; Fourth respondent in person   
Parties | : |  Law Society of Singapore — Mahadevan Lukshumayeh; Bhaskaran Shamkumar; Leo Chin Hao; Jasvendar Kaur d/o Avtar Singh   
  
Legal Profession – Show cause action – Practising as advocate and solicitor
without valid practising certificate – Appropriate sanction to be meted out –
Whether s 82A or s 83 of the Legal Profession Act (Cap 161, 2001 Rev Ed)
applicable – Sections 82A and 83 Legal Profession Act (Cap 161, 2001 Rev Ed)  
  

8 July 2008 |  Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA (delivering the judgment of the court):

Introduction

1 This application by the Law Society of Singapore (“the Law Society”) arose
from disciplinary proceedings against the respondents which were commenced on
19 April 2007 by an application to the Chief Justice (via Originating Summons
No 608 of 2007 (“OS 608/2007”)) for leave to be granted for a disciplinary
committee to be appointed to investigate complaints of misconduct against the
respondents. Leave was granted on 18 May 2007. The disciplinary committee
appointed on 25 July 2007 (“the Disciplinary Committee”) heard the Law Society
and the respondents on 17 October 2007. In its report dated 27 December 2007
(“the DC Report”), the Disciplinary Committee stated that cause of sufficient
gravity for disciplinary action against all four respondents existed. This led
to the Law Society’s application in the present originating summons (_ie_ ,
Originating Summons No 149 of 2008 (“OS 149/2008”)) for an order that the
respondents be called to show cause as to why they should not be struck off
the roll of advocates and solicitors (“the roll”), prohibited from applying
for a practising certificate, censured or otherwise punished pursuant to s
82A(10) of the Legal Profession Act (Cap 161, 2001 Rev Ed) (“the Act”). An
order to show cause was made on 14 February 2008 (“the Show Cause Order”). The
Law Society then filed the present summons (_ie_ , Summons No 926 of 2008) for
a final order to be made pursuant to the Show Cause Order.

2 The Law Society argues that the respondents are guilty of practising without
valid practising certificates, and that this constitutes conduct unbefitting
advocates and solicitors as officers of the Supreme Court or as members of an
honourable profession (see s 82A(3)(_a_) of the Act). This is the first time
that misconduct of this nature has been brought before this court. All four
respondents admitted to the charges against them, and the only issue here is
the appropriate sanction that ought to be meted out to each respondent. At the
end of the hearing on 16 May 2008, we reserved our judgment to give
consideration to the particular circumstances of each of the four respondents.
We have come to the conclusion that the appropriate sanction for each
respondent would be a prohibition from applying for a practising certificate
for the following lengths of time:

(a) in respect of the first respondent, 18 months;

(b) in respect of the second respondent, nine months;

(c) in respect of the third respondent, six months; and

(d) in respect of the fourth respondent, 15 months.

3 We now give the reasons for our decision with respect to each respondent
separately. Indeed, as counsel for the Law Society, Mr Tan Cheow Hung (“Mr
Tan”), correctly pointed out in his submissions to this court, it is clear
that the severity of each respondent’s misconduct “appears to vary
substantially and the penalties ought to differ accordingly”.[note: 1]

The jurisdictional point

4 Before turning to consider each respondent’s situation _seriatim_ , we deal
with a point which was raised by counsel for the third respondent, Mr Rajan
Nair (“Mr Nair”). This was that the present proceedings should have been
initiated, not under s 82A of the Act, but, rather, under s 83 of the Act. Mr
Nair did not, however, press the point and none of the other respondents
raised this particular issue at all. Indeed, as the Disciplinary Committee
noted at para 9 of the DC Report, “[d]uring the hearing before the
Disciplinary Committee … the Law Society and _all the [r]espondents accepted_
that the proceedings against [the respondents] should be governed by the _s
82A_ … procedure” [emphasis added].Mr Nair’s argument to the effect that
proceedings ought not to have been commenced under s 82A of the Act was
premised almost wholly on the decision of the disciplinary committee of the
Law Society in _The Law Society of Singapore v Nadarajan Theresa_ [1994] SGDSC
9 (“ _Nadarajan Theresa_ ”). In that case, the respondent lawyer had practised
as an advocate and solicitor without a valid practising certificate between
April 1993 and May 1993. The Law Society brought against her two charges of
being in breach of s 32(1) of the Legal Profession Act (Cap 161, 1994 Rev Ed)
(“the 1994 LPA”) by holding herself out as being qualified to practise as an
advocate and solicitor of the Supreme Court although she did not have in force
a practising certificate during the material period. For such misconduct, the
respondent was liable to be struck off the roll or suspended from practice or
censured as provided for under s 83(1) of the 1994 LPA read with s 83(2)(_j_)
of that statute. The detailed facts were set out by the disciplinary committee
as follows (see _Nadarajan Theresa_ at [12]):

It was not disputed by the Respondent that she had by letters written from 6th
April 1994 to 26th May 1994 relating to 2 property transactions carried out
the acts of an advocate and solicitor in writing to the Commissioner of
Residential Property and the Land Dealings (Approval) Unit as solicitor for a
purchaser and [had] also inter alia [written] to a bank as its solicitor, a
law firm as solicitors for purchasers, to the purchasers as their solicitor,
and to the Management Corporation as solicitor for purchasers. However the
Respondent by her affidavit dated 26.9.94 explained that she had with effect
from 7th May 1993 transferred her law practice to M/s Salehah & Co.; that
since 15th March 1993, she was bereaved over the death of her adopted infant
daughter and went through periods of depression; that arising out of her grief
and depression she was not fully responsible for her acts; that she had
nothing to gain by her action and that she had not caused any loss to anyone.

5 In so far as the preliminary point relating to the jurisdiction of the
disciplinary committee was concerned, the majority of the disciplinary
committee was of the view that it did possess jurisdiction in the matter,
notwithstanding s 82A of the 1994 LPA (which is substantially similar to s 82A
of the Act). In particular, s 82A(1) of the 1994 LPA read as follows:

This Part [_ie_ , Pt VII of the 1994 LPA, which is headed “Disciplinary
Proceedings”], with the exception of this section and sections 82, 90, 91, 98
to 102, 104, 105 and 106, shall not apply to any legal officer or any advocate
and solicitor who does not at the time of the misconduct have in force a
practising certificate (referred to in this section as a non-practising
solicitor).

6 There was, however, a minority view in _Nadarajan Theresa_ which held that
the respondent did indeed fall within s 82A(1) of the 1994 LPA, but that,
because of the relevant savings provision in s 31(1) of the Legal Profession
(Amendment) Act 1993 (Act 41 of 1993) (“the 1993 Amendment Act”), the matter
could nevertheless be heard by the disciplinary committee pursuant to s 83 of
the 1994 LPA. The disciplinary committee then proceeded to decide (at [13] of
_Nadarajan Theresa_) that:

[I]n normal circumstances, the Respondent’s action in doing the work of an
advocate and solicitor without a practising certificate would be improper
conduct warranting disciplinary action. However, having regard to the
mitigating circumstances of the case, the Committee is of the view that no
cause of sufficient gravity exists for disciplinary action under Section 83(1)
of the [1994 LPA]; that such improper conduct merits a severe reprimand of the
Council [of the Law Society] under Section 94(3) of the [1994 LPA]. The
Committee is fortified in coming to this conclusion by the decision of the
court in [_Re Advani_ [1988] SLR 258] where it was held that in disciplinary
proceedings under the [Legal Profession Act (Cap 161, 1985 Ed)], in
considering the penalty to be imposed for grossly improper conduct, the
emotional state of the respondent, and whether the offending action was made
for gain or whether it ha[d] caused loss [were] pertinent factors. In the
present case, the offending events took place during the period when the
Respondent was going through a phase of grief and depression arising out of
the death of her adopted infant daughter; furthermore the Respondent had
during that period taken steps to close her law practice by transferring her
files to another law firm. It was noted that nobody suffered any loss nor did
the Respondent gain anything from this breach.

7 The reasoning of both the majority as well as the minority in _Nadarajan
Theresa_ with regard to the preliminary point on jurisdiction is encompassed
within the following extracts from the case (_id_ at [3]–[11]), as follows:

3 The issue is whether the Respondent who was charged with holding herself out
as qualified to practise as an advocate and solicitor when she did not hold a
practising certificate is an “advocate and solicitor who does not at the time
of the misconduct have in force a practising certificate” (“a [non-practising]
solicitor”). The … Committee came to the view that it ha[d] jurisdiction in
the matter. However, the Committee members differed in their reasoning in
coming to this conclusion. The majority Committee view (Ms Ruth Kao and Mr
Khoo Oon Soo) was that Section 82A of the [1994 LPA] did not apply to the
Respondent. [The majority’s] reasoning is that under Section 82A(1) a non-
practising solicitor is defined as “any advocate and solicitor who does not at
the time of the misconduct have in force a practising certificate”.

4 The definition contemplates a situation where: –

(a) a misconduct has been committed by an advocate and solicitor and

(b) when the misconduct was committed, the advocate and solicitor did not have
in force a practising certificate.

The misconduct must therefore arise from circumstances other than not having
in force a practising certificate. Not having in force a practising
certificate should not be the misconduct and should therefore not amount to a
[misconduct].

5 It is only those advocates and solicitors who are not required to apply for
practising certificates who would not be guilty of misconduct in not having
practising certificates. Section 82A applies to: –

(1) legal officers;

(2) non-practising solicitors.

Legal officers do not hold practising certificates because they are not
required to hold them. The non-practising solicitors must be in an analogous
position, i.e. they are also not required to hold practising certificates.

6 Under Section 41(1), any advocate and solicitor who does not have in force a
practising certificate may apply to be admitted to the Law Society as a non-
practitioner member. Clearly the words “who does not have in force a
practising certificate” in Section 41(1) must mean “who is not required to
have in force a practising certificate”. The same meaning must be given to the
similar words in Section 82A(1).

7 The Respondent therefore does not fall within the definition of “[non-
practising] solicitor”. Section 82A is not applicable and the … Committee has
jurisdiction.

8 The minority Committee view (Dr Thio Su Mien) [is] that the Respondent falls
within Section 82A(1) of the [1994 LPA] because she is an advocate and
solicitor who did not at the time of the misconduct have in force a practising
certificate (referred to in Section 82A(1) as a non-practising solicitor.) A
non-practising solicitor so defined is by virtue of Section 32(1) of the [1994
LPA] an unauthorised person. An unauthorised person may not do any act as an
advocate and solicitor and if such act falls within Section 33(1), (2) and
[(3)] of the [1994 LPA], the unauthorised person shall be guilty of an
offence. Such an offence will constitute misconduct under Section 82A(3) of
the [1994 LPA]. If Section 82A(1) is construed to exclude the Respondent on
the ground that the misconduct referred thereto must arise from circumstances
other than not having in force a practising certificate, then all unauthorised
persons who are advocates and solicitors but [who] do not hold a practising
certificate (i.e. non-practising solicitors as defined in Section 82A[(1))]
will be excluded from the ambit of Section 82A(1). Yet it is precisely this
category of non-practising solicitors that Section 82A(1) seeks to cover. On
this reasoning, it is clear that the Respondent falls within Section 82A(1)
and she may only be charged with misconduct under Section 82A(3) and not
[that] stipulated under Section 83(2).

9 However the Legal Profession (Amendment) Act [1993 (Act 41 of 1993)] (“the
Amendment Act”) [_ie_ , the 1993 Amendment Act mentioned at [6] above]
contains a “savings” provision which saves disciplinary proceedings commenced
before 1st January 1994 from the operation of Section 82A. Section 31(1) of
the Amendment Act provides: –

“This Act, with the exception of Section 29(c), shall not apply to any
inquiry, investigation, application or other proceeding of a disciplinary
nature commenced before the date of commencement of this Act and the principal
Act in force immediately before that date [_ie_ , the Legal Profession Act
(Cap 161, 1990 Rev Ed)] shall continue to apply to that inquiry,
investigation, application or proceeding as if this Act had not been enacted.”

10 The minority Committee view is that the words “inquiry[,] investigation,
application or other [proceeding] of a disciplinary nature” describe the many
processes in disciplinary proceedings under the [1994 LPA] and that under
Section 31(1) of the Amendment Act, as long as any part of the disciplinary
proceedings has commenced before the commencement date of the Amendment Act
(gazetted as 1.1.1994) the savings provision of Section 31(1) will apply.
Since the disciplinary proceedings in the instant case commenced before
1.1.1994, although the … Committee was appointed in May 1994 (after 1.1.94)
Section 82A does not apply to the case.

11 Thus, on the preliminary point, the Committee (albeit on different
reasoning by its members) held that it had jurisdiction over the matter.

8 The explanatory statement to the Legal Profession (Amendment) Bill 1993
(Bill 34 of 1993) (“the LPA Amendment Bill”), which introduced (via cl 13) the
provision which later became s 82A of the 1994 LPA, states thus:

Clause 13 inserts a new section 82A to provide a new procedure for the
disciplining of legal officers and non-practising solicitors. The Law Society
will have no jurisdiction over such persons. The new section 82A provides that
an application to show cause may be made with the leave of the Chief Justice
where any legal officer or non-practising solicitor has been guilty of such
misconduct unbefitting a legal officer or an advocate and solicitor as an
officer of the Supreme Court or as a member of an honourable profession or has
been adjudicated a bankrupt. Upon such application, the Chief Justice may
grant leave and appoint a [d]isciplinary [c]ommittee to inquire into the
complaint if he is of the opinion that there is a prima facie case for an
investigation into the complaint. Where the [d]isciplinary [c]ommittee finds
that there is a prima facie case of misconduct against a legal officer or non-
practising solicitor, the matter will be heard by a court of 3 Supreme Court
judges. Upon completion of the hearing, the court may strike the person off
the roll, prohibit him from applying for a practising certificate for up to 5
years, censure him or order him to pay a penalty of up to $5,000.

As s 82A of the 1994 LPA is substantially similar to s 82A of the Act, the
above passage applies equally to the latter provision (and, for ease of
discussion, references to “the 1994 LPA” in the ensuing analysis at [9]–[13]
below should be read as encompassing the corresponding sections of the Act as
well).

9 More importantly, the main rationale underlying s 82A of the 1994 LPA (which
was enacted by s 13 of the 1993 Amendment Act) was set out by the Minister for
Law, Prof S Jayakumar, during the second reading of the LPA Amendment Bill, as
follows (see _Singapore Parliamentary Debates, Official Report_ (12 November
1993) vol 61 (“ _Singapore Parliamentary Debates_ (vol 61)”) at cols
1163–1164):

Clause 13 [of the LPA Amendment Bill] provides for a new section 82A setting
out a new procedure for disciplining … legal officers (meaning members of the
Legal Service) and non-practising lawyers. The Law Society henceforth will
have no jurisdiction over such persons. This amendment results from a recent
case involving a senior legal officer in the Service where the Court of Appeal
ruled that the Law Society could take disciplinary proceedings under Part VII
of the [Legal Profession Act (Cap 161, 1990 Rev Ed)] against such an officer
if he had been admitted to the Bar.

Sir, that decision created an anomalous situation in that legal officers who
are admitted to the Bar and non-practising lawyers are subject to the
disciplinary control of the Law Society while those officers who are not
admitted are not. To correct this, the Bill provides that both legal officers
and non-practising lawyers will be subject to the direct disciplinary control
of the Court and not of the Law Society, which means that the Law Society’s
control is with respect to those who are practising advocates and solicitors.
There will be a special procedure for disciplinary action against such persons
involving a show cause application to the Chief Justice. The Chief Justice may
grant leave for the appointment of a [d]isciplinary [c]ommittee to look into
the complaint. Only when a prima facie case of misconduct is established …
would the case be referred to a court of three judges who are empowered to
impose certain punishment against the errant legal officer or non-practising
lawyer, for example, striking off the [roll], prohibiting him from applying
for a practising certificate for up to five years, or censuring him or
ordering a penalty of up to $5,000.

10 The rationale for enacting s 82A of the 1994 LPA is clear. It was to
_exclude_ from the direct disciplinary control of the Law Society not only
legal officers who had not been admitted to the Bar (_ie_ , who were not on
the roll), but _also_ legal officers as well as advocates and solicitors who
_had_ been admitted to the Bar _but who did not have in force practising
certificates at the time of the misconduct_ (“non-practising solicitors”).
(Indeed, there would, in a situation involving a legal officer who had been
admitted to the Bar, be an overlap inasmuch as such a legal officer would
simultaneously constitute an “advocate and solicitor who [did] not at the time
of the misconduct have in force a practising certificate” within the meaning
of s 82A(1) of the 1994 LPA.) This is also the rationale underlying s 82A of
the Act, which (as we noted earlier at [8] above) is substantially similar to
s 82A of the 1994 LPA. As Prof Jayakumar put it, the result of enacting s 82A
of the 1994 LPA (and, likewise, s 82A of the Act), in so far as the broader
category of advocates and solicitors was concerned, was that “the Law
Society’s control [was] with respect to those who [were] _practising_
advocates and solicitors” [emphasis added] (see _Singapore Parliamentary
Debates_ (vol 61) at col 1163 (reproduced at [9] above)).

11 It should also be noted that one of the possible sanctions with regard to
proceedings brought pursuant to s 82A of the Act is that the court may “
_prohibit [the legal officer or non-practising solicitor concerned] from
applying for a practising certificate_ for such period not exceeding 5 years
as it may specify” [emphasis added] (see s 82A(12)(_b_) of the Act), whereas
the corresponding sanction for proceedings brought pursuant to s 83 of the Act
states that the (practising) advocate and solicitor concerned may be, _inter
alia_ , “ _suspended_ [by the court] _from practice_ for any period not
exceeding 5 years” [emphasis added] (see s 83(1) of the Act).

12 Bearing in mind the rationale underlying s 82A of the 1994 LPA and looking
at the plain language of s 82A(1) thereof (reproduced above at [5]) itself, it
is clear that that provision was intended to encompass, _inter alia_ ,
advocates and solicitors who, at the time the alleged misconduct was
committed, did not have in force practising certificates (_ie_ , non-
practising solicitors). This is likewise the ambit of s 82A(1) of the Act. The
majority in _Nadarajan Theresa_ ([4] _supra_) appear to have placed a gloss on
the interpretation of s 82A of the 1994 LPA by characterising the misconduct
referred to in that section as misconduct that has no linkage whatsoever to
the fact that the non-practising solicitor concerned did not have in force a
practising certificate at the material time. In our view, this not only
constitutes a strained reading of the language of s 82A(1) of the 1994 LPA,
but also (as Dr Thio Su Mien, representing the minority of the disciplinary
committee in _Nadarajan Theresa_ , pertinently pointed out) undermines the
very _raison d’etre_ of the provision in the first place. All that s 82A(1) of
the 1994 LPA (and, equally, s 82A(1) of the Act) states, in our view, is that
any advocate and solicitor who does not have in force a practising certificate
at the time the alleged misconduct occurs would fall within its purview; the
alleged misconduct of that solicitor should not be conflated with the issue of
whether the section (_ie_ , s 82A of the 1994 LPA) applies to him or her
(which issue relates to the question of the disciplinary entity that is to
have jurisdiction over the solicitor concerned). The “misconduct” in s 82A(1)
of the 1994 LPA must surely encompass _any_ misconduct which falls within the
ambit of, _inter alia_ , s 82A(3)(_a_) of that statute, which refers to a
situation where the legal officer or non-practising solicitor concerned “has
been guilty in Singapore or elsewhere of such misconduct unbefitting a legal
officer or an advocate and solicitor as an officer of the Supreme Court or as
a member of an honourable profession” (see also s 82A(3)(_a_) of the Act).
Misconduct of this nature would include doing any act that falls within the
ambit of s 33 of the 1994 LPA (which corresponds to s 33 of the Act).

13 In our view, it was, with respect, not helpful for the majority in
_Nadarajan Theresa_ to define a “non-practising solicitor” for the purposes of
s 82A(1) of the 1994 LPA as a solicitor “who [is] not required to apply for
[a] practising [certificate]” (see _Nadarajan Theresa_ at [5]). This is
because no lawyer (not even one who has been admitted as an advocate and
solicitor of the Supreme Court) is _required_ to hold or have in force a
practising certificate (see s 25(1) of the 1994 LPA and s 25(1) of the Act as
to when an advocate and solicitor “shall” apply for a practising certificate;
see also, generally, Pt III of the 1994 LPA and Pt III of the Act for the
provisions relating to practising certificates). Only those advocates and
solicitors whose names are on the roll and _who wish to_ “ _practise as …
advocate[s] and solicitor[s] or do any act as … advocate[s] or … solicitor[s]_
” [emphasis added] (see s 32(1) of the 1994 LPA and s 32(1) of the Act) _must_
apply for practising certificates. Under the 1994 LPA, a person whose name is
not on the roll _and/or_ who does not have in force a practising certificate
is “an unauthorised person” within the meaning of s 32(1) (which corresponds
to ss 32(1) and 32(2) of the Act) and is subject to criminal sanctions if he
or she does any act which falls within the purview of s 33. (Indeed, as we
shall see, all four respondents in the present proceedings were convicted of
offences under s 33(1) of the Act.)

14 In the circumstances, we cannot accept the interpretation of s 82A of the
Act proffered by Mr Nair. The Law Society was therefore correct in initiating
the present proceedings pursuant to this section.

15 We turn now to consider each respondent’s situation _seriatim_.

The first respondent

16 The first respondent’s last valid practising certificate expired on 1 April
2002. The Law Society brought the following charges against the first
respondent arising out of his actions after that date:

(a) The first charge is that the first respondent, while not holding a valid
practising certificate, acted as an advocate and solicitor for Jenny Wee May
Ling (“Wee”) and, in that connection, prepared documents relating to Wee’s
divorce proceedings in the Family Court between 2 April 2002 and 23 April
2002. Specifically, it is said that:

(i) on 2 April 2002, the first respondent, as an advocate and solicitor of his
firm (“M L Mayeh & Co”), signed a praecipe addressed to the Registrar of the
Subordinate Courts seeking leave to search court files; and

(ii) on 23 April 2002, the first respondent filed an affidavit in support of
an application for the decree nisi in Wee’s divorce matter to be made
absolute, in which affidavit he stated that he was an advocate and solicitor
of M L Mayeh & Co.

(b) The second charge is that the first respondent, while not holding a valid
practising certificate, acted as an advocate and solicitor for Hamzillah bte
Hamid and Zakhir bin Mohd Nor and, in that connection, prepared correspondence
and court documents relating to their adoption proceedings in the Family Court
between 6 August 2002 and 22 August 2003. Specifically, it is said that the
first respondent wrote to the superintendent of Changi Women’s Prison as well
as the Attorney-General’s Chambers (“AGC”) between 6 August 2002 and 22 August
2003 in relation to this adoption matter.

(c) The third charge is that the first respondent, while not holding a valid
practising certificate, acted as an advocate and solicitor for Park Kyeung Min
and, in that connection, prepared letters and mitigation submissions relating
to criminal proceedings against the latter between 8 August 2002 and 18
November 2002. Specifically, it is said that the first respondent:

(i) attended court on 5 September 2002, 21 September 2002, 21 October 2002 and
18 November 2002;

(ii) wrote to the AGC on 30 August 2002 and 15 October 2002 to make
representations for his client; and

(iii) wrote to the superintendant of Queenstown Remand Prison on 8 August 2002
to make arrangements to take instructions from his client.

(d) The fourth charge is that the first respondent, while not holding a valid
practising certificate, acted as an advocate and solicitor for Iskandar bin
Ahmad Jamali and, in that connection, prepared letters and mitigation
submissions relating to criminal proceedings against the latter between 14
April 2003 and 17 June 2003 as well as attended court on behalf of his client
on three occasions during the same period.

(e) The fifth charge is that the first respondent wilfully sent letters using
his firm’s letterhead, which bore the description “Advocates & Solicitors”,
to:

(i) his client, Shore Restaurant Pte Ltd (“Shore”), for which he acted as
company secretary despite the expiry of his practising certificate, between 24
July 2002 and 5 May 2003; and

(ii) Kuek & Kuek Pte Ltd on 5 May 2003 to refer it to Shore’s secretarial
records.

The charge states that the first respondent, in doing the above, implied that
he was duly authorised to act as an advocate and solicitor when that was not
in fact the case.

(f) The sixth charge is that the first respondent wilfully sent letters using
his firm’s letterhead, which bore the description “Advocates & Solicitors”,
to:

(i) his client, Senior Hydraulic & Hardware Supply Pte Ltd (“Senior
Hydraulic”), for which he acted as company secretary despite the expiry of his
practising certificate, between 27 June 2002 and 7 October 2003; and

(ii) the above-mentioned Kuek & Kuek Pte Ltd on 7 October 2003 to refer it to
Senior Hydraulic’s secretarial records.

The charge states that the first respondent, in doing the above, implied that
he was duly authorised to act as an advocate and solicitor at a time when he
was in fact not thus authorised.

17 The first respondent admitted to all six of the above charges at the
hearing before the Disciplinary Committee on 17 October 2007.

**_Factual background_**

18 The first respondent was admitted to the Bar on 13 February 1991 at the age
of 33. He had previously worked as a passenger service assistant at Singapore
Airport Terminal Services Ltd for about four years before attaining an
external law degree from the University of London. He began his legal career
at M/s Rayney Wong & Co as a legal assistant after being called to the Bar and
was made a junior partner in 1994. In 1997, the first respondent left Rayney
Wong & Co to set up M L Mayeh & Co.

19 When the time came for the first respondent to renew his practising
certificate in April 2002, he could not do so because he had not paid for his
professional indemnity insurance. Nonetheless, he continued to practise as an
advocate and solicitor until 6 October 2003 when he closed his firm. On 16
October 2003, he reported himself to the Law Society and the Commercial
Affairs Department (“CAD”).

20 On 25 April 2005, the first respondent pleaded guilty to six criminal
charges, which were based on the same facts as those set out in the charges in
the present proceedings. (In the criminal proceedings, the first respondent
was charged under s 33(1)(_a_) of the Act in respect of the matters set out in
the first four charges listed at [16] above, and under s 33(1)(_b_) of the Act
in respect of the matters set out in the last two charges enumerated in that
paragraph.) He also consented to 43 other charges of a similar nature being
taken into consideration for the purposes of sentencing. On 31 May 2005, the
district judge hearing the case (“the District Judge”) sentenced the first
respondent to a total of nine months’ imprisonment (see _PP v Mahadevan
Lukshumayeh_ [2005] SGDC 129 (“ _Mahadevan Lukshumayeh_ ”) at [34]–[35]). The
first respondent has since served this sentence.

**_The first respondent’s submissions_**

21 Before this court, counsel for the first respondent, Mr Abraham Vergis (“Mr
Vergis”), explained why the first respondent had not renewed his practising
certificate in April 2002 as follows. He submitted that the first respondent
had intended all along to renew his practising certificate, and had taken all
the necessary steps to this end with the exception of paying for his
professional indemnity insurance. This was due to financial constraints.
Business at M L Mayeh & Co had not been good because of the Asian financial
crisis which started in 1997. For the years 1997–1999, the firm had made a
total loss of $159,877, and the first respondent had paid himself a total of
only $26,543. Although business at the firm began picking up in 2000 and 2001,
the profits from those two years (totalling $49,680) were mostly used to
settle debts that the first respondent and his practice had incurred during
the previous loss-making years. During the same period (_ie_ , the loss-making
years from 1997 to 1999), the first respondent had also moved his office many
times, each time to a smaller office at a lower rent.

22 In March 2002, a month before the first respondent was due to renew his
practising certificate, he had to pay various sums of money for rental arrears
to his past and present landlords. At the time, he had thought that he would
have sufficient funds to meet his financial obligations to the Law Society,
the Singapore Academy of Law (“SAL”) and his professional insurance brokers,
which obligations he had to discharge before he could obtain a practising
certificate. As far as payment for professional indemnity insurance was
concerned, the first respondent had assumed that he would only need to have
sufficient funds to cover the first two monthly instalments, which was the sum
ordinarily required by the insurance brokers to be paid upfront.

23 In April 2002, when the time came for the first respondent to renew his
practising certificate, he duly submitted his completed application for
renewal together with his firm’s audited accounts for the previous year ending
31 December 2001 to the Law Society. His application and his firm’s audited
accounts were found to be in order by the Law Society and were duly approved.
Thereafter, the first respondent obtained a certificate from the SAL stating
that he had paid all the moneys, contributions and subscriptions due from him
under the Singapore Academy of Law Act (Cap 294A, 1997 Rev Ed) and the rules
made thereunder.

24 As for the final step of obtaining the necessary professional insurance
cover, the first respondent attempted to make payment of between $700 and
$1,000 (which was approximately the equivalent of two monthly instalments) to
his insurance brokers. However, he was told that, because he had defaulted on
his monthly instalment payments in the previous year, he had to pay the annual
premium upfront in full. This amounted to a sum of approximately $4,000 to
$6,000. The first respondent was unable to pay that amount, even though his
total receipts from his clients for the month of April 2002 came up to some
$11,000, as he had used up the money to pay various overheads, including sums
due to his firm’s auditor, the SAL and the Law Society, totalling $11,566. Mr
Vergis submitted that the misfortune of the first respondent lay in his not
knowing or not anticipating that he would have to incur the extraordinary
expense of paying an entire year’s worth of insurance premium upfront by the
end of April 2002, with the result that he had prioritised his cash flow
wrongly. Other than that, the first respondent had taken all the other
necessary steps to renew his practising certificate.

25 When the first respondent failed to pay the insurance premium demanded by
his insurance brokers within the month of April 2002, he thought that he was
irretrievably out of time and that it was no longer possible for him to renew
his practising certificate. This understanding was apparently based on a
circular dated 2 February 1996 issued by the Law Society, which stated (at
para 2.2) that “[n]either the Law Society nor the Registrar, Supreme Court
ha[d] the power to grant extension of time to file applications for Practising
Certificates”.[note: 2] Because of that, the first respondent did not attempt
to renew his practising certificate after April 2002.

26 Mr Vergis also explained why the first respondent decided to carry on
business as usual despite not having a valid practising certificate – _viz_ ,
the latter felt responsible for his various continuing obligations and ongoing
commitments to his clients and his secretary, whom he felt obliged to keep
employed. It was argued that it was easier for the first respondent to
continue his practice, rather than to stop, by that time.

27 Where mitigating factors were concerned, Mr Vergis raised the following
points. First, the first respondent knew that what he was doing was wrong, and
had been miserable and guilt-ridden throughout the material period. This was
borne out by the fact that the first respondent eventually voluntarily ceased
practice on 6 October 2003 and reported himself to the CAD and the Law Society
on 16 October 2003. Subsequently, he rendered his full co-operation to the CAD
in the ensuing investigations into his misconduct. Mr Vergis stressed that up
to the time of the first respondent’s voluntary confession, no one had been
aware that the first respondent had been practising without a practising
certificate. The latter thus had the real option of lying low after closing
his firm and of not confessing his wrongdoing. The fact that he had not done
so but had instead owned up was, it was submitted, evidence of his intrinsic
moral character.

28 This last-mentioned argument was contrary to the District Judge’s
assumption in _Mahadevan Lukshumayeh_ ([20] _supra_) at [24] that:

Even if [the first respondent] did not own up to these offences, it was a
matter of time [before] the authorities would discover them. Hence, in these
circumstances, the weight to be given to his guilty plea would have to be much
less …

Mr Vergis, however, asserted that the fact that the first respondent was able,
after the expiry of his last valid practising certificate, to practise for
some 18 months without detection showed that there was no basis for the
District Judge’s assumption.

29 Second, Mr Vergis pointed out that none of the first respondent’s clients
had suffered any harm or loss as a result of the first respondent’s actions.
There had been no complaints about the conduct of the first respondent as
legal counsel; nor had any clients sought a refund from him. At all times, the
first respondent had been a fully-qualified, competent and experienced
advocate and solicitor. The first respondent, so it was asserted, had also
refunded to some of his clients the fees which they had paid to him.

30 Third, Mr Vergis referred this court to evidence of the first respondent’s
alleged good character. The first respondent had been actively involved in the
Law Society’s Criminal Legal Aid Scheme (“CLAS”) from 1992 to 2002 and had
served on the committee of CLAS from 1993 to 2002 despite his financial
troubles during that period. He had also been involved in free legal
counselling at Chong Pang Community Club from 1991 to 2001 and had acted _pro
bono_ on six occasions. Mr Vergis cited all this as evidence of his client’s
inclination to help the less privileged without any thought of personal gain.

31 Other examples of community service performed by the first respondent were
also given. For instance, the first respondent had joined the Singapore Police
Force’s Volunteer Special Constabulary in 1991 as a constable and had received
awards for giving lectures on law to junior police officers. By 2001, he had
been promoted to the rank of Inspector. He had also served in the Singapore
Hockey Federation from 1994 to 2003, being its president from 1997 to 2003. He
had been the first chairman of the Youth Development Committee from 1994 to
1996. He had also been involved in other sporting bodies such as the Singapore
Cricket Club and the Asian Hockey Federation. In addition, a number of
instances of volunteerism were cited. In support of the above, a large number
of testimonials from various individuals attesting to the first respondent’s
good character, and, in particular, his integrity and trustworthiness, were
produced.

32 Fourth, Mr Vergis pointed to the hardships suffered by the first respondent
after the latter ceased practice. He had been unemployed or under-employed for
some time, in part apparently due to his status as an ex-convict.

33 At the hearing before the Disciplinary Committee, the first respondent
broke down and asked for a personal statement of remorse to be recorded. The
DC Report noted (at para 50) that the Disciplinary Committee believed the
first respondent to be sincere in his remorse.

34 Apart from highlighting the above mitigating factors, Mr Vergis urged this
court to take into account two other matters. The first was that the first
respondent had not been practising for close to five years since he
voluntarily ceased practice in October 2003. Counsel submitted that this
period should be taken into account if this court were minded to impose on the
first respondent a prohibition from applying for a practising certificate.

35 The second matter was the nine months’ imprisonment meted out to the first
respondent in the criminal proceedings against him (see [20] above). It was
argued that the District Judge, in imposing such a punishment, had treated the
criminal proceedings against the first respondent as being akin to
disciplinary proceedings. It was submitted that the District Judge had
proceeded on the erroneous assumption that the first respondent would not be
subjected to disciplinary proceedings as an advocate and solicitor, as evinced
by his comments in _Mahadevan Lukshumayeh_ ([20] _supra_) at [20], as follows:

Even though the [first respondent] may have the legal and personal ability to
practice, he is immune from control, regulation and, in the case of
misconduct, from discipline by the Law Society for any ethical or disciplinary
matters.

36 Mr Vergis argued that the District Judge might have imposed a harsher
sentence than the sentence which he might otherwise have meted out had he
known that the first respondent was also subject to disciplinary proceedings.
It was further suggested that the prison sentence imposed on the first
respondent served, to some extent, the same purpose as the punishments which
could be imposed in the present proceedings. Finally, Mr Vergis submitted that
the “clang of the prison gates”[note: 3] [emphasis in original omitted]
principle should be applied to disciplinary proceedings such as the present
proceedings, in that the first respondent’s spell in prison would have been a
sufficiently grave punishment for a person of his otherwise unblemished
character.

**_The Law Society’s submissions_**

37 Counsel for the Law Society highlighted the following aggravating factors:

(a) The first respondent had continued to practise for some 18 months after
the expiry of his last valid practising certificate. This was a significant
length of time which encompassed two “years” as defined in s 25(6) of the Act
(_ie_ , the “years” 1 April 2002–31 March 2003 and 1 April 2003–31 March
2004).

(b) While not holding a valid practising certificate, the first respondent had
not merely carried out duties for his existing clientele. Out of the 49 cases
handled by him during the material period, 32 had been new cases.

(c) The first respondent had acted for the clients in the above 49 cases
without the necessary professional indemnity insurance.

(d) The first respondent had benefited financially through his misconduct in
that he had collected a total of $119,485 in clients’ fees.

(e) The first respondent, as an “unauthorised person” within the meaning of s
32(2) of the Act, had attended court on numerous occasions and had continued
to file court documents, including an affidavit made on oath (see [16] above),
thereby indicating that he was authorised to act as an advocate and solicitor
(when he was in fact not so authorised). He had also submitted numerous
letters of representation and correspondences bearing the description
“Advocates & Solicitors” to various authorities such as the AGC (see [16]
above). Such acts constituted a deception perpetrated on his clients, other
lawyers, the Government, the AGC and the court.

**_Our decision_**

38 The first respondent knew throughout the material period that it was wrong
of him to carry on the practice of an advocate and solicitor without a valid
practising certificate. As Mr Vergis was at pains to point out (both in his
written submissions as well as in his oral submissions before this court), the
first respondent had not only possessed this knowledge, but had also been very
guilt-ridden during this period (see also above at [27]).

39 However, it bears emphasis that, notwithstanding such knowledge and such
feelings of guilt, the first respondent continued to practise law without a
valid practising certificate for the very lengthy period of 18 months,
exposing his clients to possible loss in the process because he did not
possess the necessary professional indemnity insurance cover. That this
possibility did not materialise was fortuitous. Indeed, during the relevant
period, the first respondent took on 49 cases, of which 32 were new cases, and
the total fees which the first respondent collected from these 49 cases
amounted to a sum of $119,485 (see [37] above). Indeed, Mr Vergis was unable
to furnish us with a satisfactory explanation as to why the first respondent
did not check with the Law Society about the proper procedure for making a
late application to renew a practising certificate, bearing in mind that this
was a simple inquiry to make. Instead, the first respondent simply claimed
that he had thought that he was irretrievably out of time (see [25] above).
More importantly, given the fact that the first respondent knew that what he
was doing was wrong, why did he continue to practise law without a valid
practising certificate for _18 months_? Indeed, as we shall see, when compared
to the conduct of the other respondents in the present proceedings, the first
respondent’s conduct stands in a category of its own.

40 There is therefore no excuse for the first respondent’s conduct. Mr Vergis
submitted that credit ought to be given to the first respondent for
voluntarily confessing to his misconduct at the end of 18 months as the latter
would not otherwise have been caught (see above at [27]). One has only to
state such an argument in order to dismiss it as being absurd (see also the
District Judge’s view at [24] of _Mahadevan Lukshumayeh_ ([20] _supra_), which
is reproduced above at [28]).

41 In respect of the mitigating factors which Mr Vergis raised on his client’s
behalf, we accept that the first respondent had encountered severe financial
difficulties that were not of his own making. However, dire financial straits
can never be an excuse for wrongful conduct. This is a point of general
principle which is applicable to everyone, regardless of one’s walk of life.
Indeed, countless persons have faced not only financial but also other
personal difficulties, and yet have nevertheless demonstrated fortitude and
moral perseverance notwithstanding such difficulties. What is clear is that
wrongful conduct is never an option.

42 It must also be borne in mind that, as stated in _Law Society of Singapore
v Ganesan Krishnan_ [2003] 2 SLR 251 at [46]:

[C]onsiderations which usually weigh in mitigation of punishment have less
effect on the exercise of the disciplinary jurisdiction than on sentences
imposed in criminal cases as show cause proceedings are primarily civil and
not punitive in nature …

The above principle is borne out by, _inter alia_ , the English Court of
Appeal case of _Bolton v Law Society_ [1994] 1 WLR 512 at 519, as well as the
Singapore High Court cases of _Law Society of Singapore v Tham Yu Xian Rick_
[1999] 4 SLR 168 at [22], _Law Society of Singapore v Wee Wei Fen_ [2000] 1
SLR 234 at [39] and _Law Society of Singapore v Tan Phuay Khiang_ [2007] 3 SLR
477 (“ _Tan Phuay Khiang_ ”) at [110].

43 With regard to the nine-month imprisonment term imposed on the first
respondent in the criminal proceedings against him, although Mr Vergis argued
that that sentence was already sufficient punishment for the first respondent
(see [36] above), we reiterate that disciplinary proceedings are separate and
distinct from criminal proceedings, even if both proceedings arise from the
same facts (see also the authorities cited in the preceding paragraph).
Further, although Mr Vergis argued that the District Judge had erroneously
assumed that the first respondent would not be subject to disciplinary
proceedings as an advocate and solicitor (see [35] above), it is our view,
examining the District Judge’s decision in _Mahadevan Lukshumayeh_ ([20]
_supra_) as a whole, that that was not the case.

44 In so far as public service on the professional front was concerned, Mr
Vergis pointed to the fact that the first respondent had, _inter alia,_
undertaken _pro bono_ work on six occasions between 1991 and 2001 (see [30]
above). And, with regard to service to the wider community, we have earlier
mentioned (at [31] above) the numerous instances of community service and
volunteer work cited by Mr Vergis. This court, in _Law Society of Singapore v
Chung Ting Fai_ [2006] 4 SLR 587, observed thus (at [39]-[43]) _vis-à-vis_ the
relevance of public service as a mitigating factor in disciplinary proceedings
against an errant lawyer:

39 It is our view that public service, in particular, ought, _ceteris paribus_
, to be a mitigating factor. Even if it takes place outside the legal arena
(as it often does), the fact of the matter is that such service tends, as …
[stated] recently in _Law Society of Singapore v Ahmad Khalis bin Abdul Ghani_
[[2006] 4 SLR 308] at [86], to be “especially relevant in the light of the
fact that [it has] enhanced the public well-being and [does] therefore
correspondingly mitigate any harm that might result to the public interest as
a result of the respondent’s conviction under the [charges concerned]”. That
the public interest is of especial importance in the context of the legal
profession is a fact that is indelibly etched into the legal landscape. Again,
in _Law Society of Singapore v_ _Ahmad Khalis bin Abdul Ghani_ , it was
observed (at [3]) that “the public interest in deterring both the individual
solicitor and other like-minded solicitors from similar conduct is paramount”.
That case had cited, in support, the … observations by Yong Pung How CJ (as he
then was) in _Law Society of Singapore v Ravindra Samuel_ [1999] 1 SLR 696 at
[11]–[12] … In a similar vein, it was also observed in _Law Society of
Singapore v Ong Ying Ping_ [2005] 3 SLR 583 at [63] that “[t]here is, in fact,
an inherent, irreducible and non-negotiable public interest in the
administration of justice in its multifarious forms”.

40 Given the importance of the question of public interest, as just set out
above, it would only be right and fair that any conduct by the lawyer
concerned that had the effect of _enhancing_ the public interest ought also to
be taken into account when deciding the appropriate sanction that should be
imposed on the errant lawyer. Caution should nonetheless be exercised in
considering whether the enhancement of public interest can constitute a
mitigating factor. In order to straddle the competing considerations of the
need to protect the integrity of the legal profession and the weight to be
given to the performance of public good, we are of the view that such factors
can, and should, only be taken into account where doing so would not derogate
from the paramount considerations of the protection of the public and the
preservation of the good name of the profession: see, for example, _Re Knight
Glenn Jeyasingam_ [1994] 3 SLR 531 at 537, [18]. Simply put, this is only a
factor and can indeed be rendered less significant or even nugatory should
other more important factors dictate otherwise.

41 There is a _second_ aspect for taking into account a lawyer’s contributions
_vis-à-vis_ public service when ascertaining whether his or her sanction ought
to be reduced. In a nutshell, such public service is simultaneously evidence
of not only good character on the part of the lawyer concerned but also
evidence of the (positive) potential that resides in him or her. The greater
this good character and, hence, potential, the more likely the court is to
accord a less severe sanction. Again, however, we would reiterate that this
represents but one factor and would only be of probative value in the absence
of other more compelling (negative) factors.

42 Indeed, whilst the first aspect might be said to focus on the positive
consequences emanating _vis-à-vis_ the _external public interest_ , the second
aspect might be said to focus on the positive consequences emanating _vis-à-
vis_ the _internal qualities and potential of the lawyer concerned_.

43 We would add that it would be both artificial as well as unfair to divorce
the contributions of the lawyer concerned in his professional capacity from
those in his extra-legal capacity. Apart from the fact that both types of
contributions are equally important, the fact of the matter is that the law
does not exist in a vacuum. Its very heart – focused as it is on the
attainment of justice and fairness – is inextricably connected with the wider
society. The practice of law, in other words, constitutes an interaction
between the legal and the extra-legal, between the relevant legal rules and
principles and the wider society for which they exist.

[emphasis in original]

45 Having regard to these observations and applying them to the first
respondent’s case, we are of the view that, whilst the first respondent’s
contributions to society have been considerable and speak well of his
_internal_ qualities as well as potential (since his contributions were _not_
“primarily designed to promote his legal practice” (_per_ V K Rajah JA in _Tan
Phuay Khiang_ ([42] _supra_) at [110])), we cannot ignore the detrimental
effect of his actions on the (_external_) public interest, which far
outweighed his contributions.

46 In the circumstances, we are of the view that prohibiting the first
respondent from applying for a practising certificate for a period of three to
four years would be an appropriate sanction. However, we are cognisant of the
fact that there was a relatively long delay on the part of the Law Society in
initiating the present proceedings. Having regard to this fact as well as
taking into account the mitigating factors which we can validly consider in
the first respondent’s favour, we decide that the first respondent should be
prohibited from applying for a practising certificate for a period of 18
months.

The second respondent

47 The second respondent’s last valid practising certificate expired on 1
April 2003. The Law Society brought the following charges against the second
respondent arising from his actions after that date:

(a) The first charge is that the second respondent, while not holding a valid
practising certificate, acted as an advocate and solicitor for Meilina Chandra
(“Chandra”) in Magistrate’s Court Suit No 3958 of 2003 (“MC 3958/2003”)
between 5 May 2003 and 19 September 2003, and, in that connection, prepared
documents related to those proceedings and attended court sessions in the
Magistrates’ Courts. Specifically, the second respondent is said to have:

(i) attended before a deputy registrar in chambers on 4 September 2003 and 18
September 2003 for the hearing of an application to set aside a default
judgment entered against Chandra;

(ii) prepared three letters and two affidavits in relation to the case; and

(iii) received remuneration of $1,000 from Chandra.

(b) The second charge is that the second respondent, while not holding a valid
practising certificate, acted as an advocate and solicitor for Mitheleyshvary
@ Sarah Joan Dale (“Dale”) in Magistrate’s Court Suit No 22762 of 2002 (“MC
22762/2002”) between 5 May 2003 and 19 September 2003, and, in that
connection, prepared documents related to those proceedings and attended court
sessions in the Magistrates’ Courts. Specifically, it is said that the second
respondent:

(i) attended court on, _inter alia_ , 17 July 2003 and 31 July 2003 for
settlement conferences before a district judge;

(ii) prepared three letters and one affidavit in relation to the case; and

(iii) received remuneration of $5,000 from Dale.

**_Factual background_**

48 The second respondent is a lawyer of some 12 years’ standing. Together with
the third respondent, he commenced legal practice under the name M/s Leo &
Sham (“the Firm”) sometime around November 1999. The Firm ran a small
practice, with an average monthly income of approximately $3,000 to $5,000 for
each partner. In early 2003, the second respondent and the third respondent
decided that their partnership was no longer viable and that the Firm should
be wound up. When the last valid practising certificate of the second
respondent expired on 1 April 2003, he and the third respondent were in the
process of winding up the Firm. The second respondent was aware that he had
practised as an advocate and solicitor without a valid practising certificate
after 1 April 2003. This was because an audit of the Firm’s accounts, which
had to be done before the second respondent could obtain the accountant’s
report needed in an application to renew a practising certificate, was not
carried out until 15 September 2003. The Firm was finally wound up on or
around October 2003. On 30 April 2004, the second respondent and the third
respondent wrote to the Law Society disclosing their misconduct.

49 On 15 March 2005, the second respondent pleaded guilty to two criminal
charges under s 33(1)(_a_) of the Act, which were based on the same facts as
those set out in the charges in the present proceedings (see [47] above). Two
charges under s 33(1)(_b_) of the Act and another charge under s 33(1)(_a_) of
the Act were taken into consideration for the purposes of sentencing. On 30
June 2005, the District Court sentenced the second respondent to a total of
one month’s imprisonment (see _PP v Bhaskaran Shamkumar_ [2005] SGDC 147 at
[31]).

**_The second respondent’s submissions_**

50 Counsel for the second respondent, Mr Thangavelu, explained that, in 2003,
the Firm was left with about $500,000 as unpaid professional charges owed by
an American company (“Vortex”) (see also [62] below). The second respondent
and the third respondent were unable to carry on with their legal practice and
decided to terminate their partnership. When the respective practising
certificates of the second respondent and the third respondent were due for
renewal in March 2003, there were insufficient funds in the Firm’s office
account to pay the premium for professional indemnity insurance, which was a
substantial component of the costs of renewing a practising certificate. To
ensure that the ongoing matters of the Firm were sufficiently covered by
insurance and that his clients’ interests would not be compromised, the second
respondent used $8,000 from his personal funds to pay the insurance premium
for both himself and the third respondent.

51 Mr Thangavelu submitted that the second respondent’s involvement in MC
3958/2003 had only been for a limited period of slightly over four months from
5 May 2003 to 19 September 2003. The legal work undertaken for that suit was
relatively minor. The judgment sum which Chandra was ordered to pay was within
the jurisdiction of the Magistrates’ Courts, and the two affidavits which the
second respondent filed in support of the application to set aside the default
judgment entered against Chandra raised only one issue, namely, that relating
to the service of the writ of summons on Chandra. No complex issues of law or
fact were argued before the deputy registrar at the hearing of that
application.

52 In so far as the second charge against the second respondent was concerned,
it was argued that the second respondent’s work for Dale in respect of MC
22762/2002 had begun before the expiry of the second respondent’s practising
certificate on 1 April 2003. A substantial part of the work had been completed
before that date, which was also the date on which Dale’s affidavit of
evidence-in-chief for the suit was filed.

53 Mr Thangavelu submitted that his client had no ulterior motive in terms of
gaining personal or financial advancement by his misconduct. The sums of
$1,000 and $5,000 which the second respondent had charged Chandra and Dale,
respectively, were just and equitable payments for work done by the Firm.
Moreover, the second respondent had subsequently returned the sums to the
respective clients.

54 At all material times, so Mr Thangavelu pointed out, the second respondent
had been a “qualified person” as defined in s 2(1) of the Act, albeit one
without a valid practising certificate. The accountant’s report on the Firm,
which was obtained in late September 2003, had disclosed no discrepancies in
the Firm’s accounts. There had also been no complaints to the Law Society
against the second respondent.

55 Finally, counsel urged this court to consider that the second respondent
had voluntarily disclosed his wrongdoing to the Law Society (see [48] above)
and had co-operated fully with the CAD in the ensuing investigations into his
misconduct. The second respondent, so Mr Thangavelu submitted, was not a
dishonest person and had already been punished with a term of imprisonment
(see [49] above), which was itself a sufficiently crushing sanction as there
had been no dishonesty on the part of the second respondent and no loss had
been suffered by his clients.

**_The Law Society’s submissions_**

56 The Law Society asked this court to consider the following facts:

(a) The second respondent had continued to practise for a period of almost six
months after the expiry of his last valid practising certificate.

(b) During that period, the second respondent had:

(i) appeared in court on at least four occasions;

(ii) taken on one new client (_ie_ , Chandra); and

(iii) filed various court documents.

(c) Even though the second respondent had paid the premium for his
professional indemnity insurance, he had nevertheless been uninsured at the
material time because he did not have a valid practising certificate then.

(d) In engaging in the above conduct, the second respondent had perpetrated a
deception on his clients.

57 However, the Law Society also noted that the Disciplinary Committee had in
the DC Report (at para 50) also recorded the second respondent’s sincere
remorse.

**_Our decision_**

58 The second respondent had continued practising law for almost six months
after his last valid practising certificate expired. What is significant, in
our view, is the fact that both the second respondent and the third respondent
were in the process of winding down their practice by then. As a result, the
second respondent was involved in relatively few legal matters.

59 In the circumstances, we are of the view that, taking into account the Law
Society’s delay in initiating the present proceedings, the second respondent
should be prohibited from applying for a practising certificate for a period
of nine months (whereas a period of 18 months would have been more appropriate
had such delay not occurred).

The third respondent

60 The third respondent is an advocate and solicitor of 12 years’ standing. As
mentioned earlier (at [48] above), he was one of the two partners of the Firm.
His last valid practising certificate expired on 1 April 2003. He faces one
charge by the Law Society, namely, that, between 16 April 2003 and 6 May 2003,
while not holding a valid practising certificate, he acted for Leong Wymin
(“Leong”) and, in that connection, wilfully sent letters and invoices bearing
the description “Advocates & Solicitors” in relation to a matter concerning
the property situated at unit No 01-K1, Hougang MRT Station. The Law Society
asserts that the third respondent, by such conduct, implied that he was duly
authorised to act as an advocate and solicitor when that was not in fact the
case.

61 On 24 February 2005, the third respondent pleaded guilty in the District
Court to one criminal charge under s 33(1)(_b_) of the Act, which was based on
the same facts as those set out in the preceding paragraph. Three other
charges under s 33(1)(_b_) of the Act were also taken into consideration for
sentencing purposes. The District Court imposed a fine of $1,000 on the third
respondent (no written judgment was delivered).

**_The third respondent’s submissions_**

62 Before this court, counsel for the third respondent, Mr Nair, raised the
following mitigating factors. First, it was submitted that the conduct of the
third respondent had not arisen out of a plan to evade applying for a
practising certificate or to blatantly disregard the requirement of obtaining
a practising certificate before doing any act as an advocate and solicitor.
The circumstances surrounding the third respondent’s failure to renew his
practising certificate in April 2003 were said to be as follows. At or around
the beginning of 2003, the second respondent and the third respondent decided
to terminate their legal practice once they had collected the outstanding sums
due to the Firm, especially those in respect of work carried out for Vortex,
which was the Firm’s main debtor. When the time came for the second respondent
and the third respondent to file their applications to renew their respective
practising certificates in March 2003, they did not have sufficient funds to
pay the requisite sums and thus decided to file their applications only when
they had obtained the necessary funds. However, in the second half of 2003,
Vortex ceased operations and it was clear that the debt owing to the Firm
would not be paid. The second respondent and the third respondent then decided
to terminate their partnership immediately. The second respondent took charge
of all aspects of terminating the Firm’s operations.

63 Second, Mr Nair argued that the third respondent’s misconduct was
relatively less serious as compared to that of the other three respondents in
the present proceedings. The third respondent faced only one charge. That
involved sending two letters (one of which had an invoice attached to it) to
Leong; the third respondent had not dealt with any person other than Leong
_vis-à-vis_ the matter referred to at [60] above. In respect of the other
criminal charges under s 33(1)(_b_) of the Act which were taken into
consideration for sentencing purposes in the criminal proceedings against the
third respondent, two charges were in respect of draft tenancy agreements. The
third respondent, however, had neither witnessed the execution nor attended to
the stamping of these agreements. As for the third charge which was taken into
consideration, that related to a letter which the third respondent had drafted
for a client. These various acts were done for old clients and were likened to
favours done by the third respondent for his friends. It was further argued
that the third respondent had not actively practised as an advocate and
solicitor after the expiry of his last valid practising certificate.

64 Third, Mr Nair pointed out that the third respondent had voluntarily
confessed his wrongdoing to the Law Society and had co-operated fully with the
CAD in the ensuing investigations thereafter. The third respondent had
refunded his clients the fees (amounting to $3,913) which the latter had paid
him for work done, and his clients had not suffered any loss as a consequence
of his misconduct.

65 Fourth, Mr Nair submitted that the third respondent had suffered
considerably since the discovery of his misconduct. As the second respondent
and the third respondent were the first qualified persons to have been charged
with offences under s 33(1)(_b_) of the Act, both the criminal proceedings and
the disciplinary proceedings against them had been well publicised in the
local newspapers. The third respondent had suffered because his case was also
referred to whenever the cases of the other respondents in the present
proceedings were reported. This made the third respondent’s relatively minor
transgressions seem far more serious than they actually were. The adverse
publicity had affected not only the third respondent, but also his family as
well.

66 Mr Nair further highlighted that there had been considerable delay between
the date on which the third respondent first disclosed his misconduct to the
Law Society (_ie_ , 30 April 2004) and the date of his appearance before this
court in the present proceedings. The Law Society had commenced disciplinary
proceedings against him (via OS 608/2007) only in April 2007 (see [1] above).
Thereafter, the proceedings before the Disciplinary Committee and those in the
present originating summons (_ie_ , OS 149/2008) had taken a further year
despite the fact that none of the four respondents concerned had contested the
charges against them. There was no allegation that the third respondent had
contributed in any way to the delay in these proceedings. In the meantime, the
third respondent’s life had been in limbo. He had not sought regular
employment because he had been uncertain as to when criminal proceedings and
disciplinary proceedings against him would be commenced. Throughout this
period, he had been working part-time on a freelance basis.

**_The Law Society’s submissions_**

67 The Law Society highlighted to this court the following aspects of the
third respondent’s misconduct:

(a) the third respondent had advised a client on a tenancy and had drafted a
tenancy agreement at a time when his practising certificate had expired; and

(b) the third respondent had represented to his clients that he was duly
authorised to act as an advocate and solicitor on their behalf and, in doing
so, had perpetrated a deception on his clients.

**_Our decision_**

68 We will not rehearse the facts relating to the third respondent which have
already been set out above (at [48] and [60]–[64]). The third respondent is,
by all accounts, clearly the least culpable of all the four respondents
involved in the present proceedings. Not surprisingly, this was reflected in
the submissions made by Mr Tan on behalf of the Law Society. We also note that
the Disciplinary Committee believed that the third respondent was “sincerely
remorseful” (see para 50 of the DC Report) for his actions.

69 In the circumstances, we are of the view that, taking into account the Law
Society’s delay in initiating the present proceedings, the third respondent
should be prohibited from applying for a practising certificate for a period
of six months (whereas a period of 12 months would have been more appropriate
had such delay not occurred).

The fourth respondent

70 The last valid practising certificate of the fourth respondent expired on 1
April 2005. Arising from her conduct after that date, the Law Society
formulated five charges against her (collectively referred to as “the
Charges”), which are as follows:

(a) The first charge is that the fourth respondent, while not holding a valid
practising certificate, acted as an advocate and solicitor for Ganesan Subra
Mani and, in that connection, attended a pre-trial conference in the
Subordinate Courts on 25 May 2005 for the proceedings in Magistrate’s Arrest
Case No 7218 of 2004.

(b) The second charge is that, on 22 April 2005, the fourth respondent, while
not holding a valid practising certificate, wilfully sent a letter bearing the
description “Advocates & Solicitors” to the Commissioner for Labour, Ministry
of Manpower (“the Commissioner for Labour”), in respect of a client named
Hanef Mezbauddin Molla, thereby implying that she was duly authorised to act
as an advocate and solicitor even though she was in fact not so authorised.

(c) The third charge is that, on 16 June 2005, the fourth respondent, while
not holding a valid practising certificate, wilfully sent a letter bearing the
description “Advocates & Solicitors” to the Commissioner for Labour with
regard to a client named Md Faruq Ahmed Md Ibrahim Kuhallil, thereby implying
that she was duly authorised to act as an advocate and solicitor when that was
not the case.

(d) The fourth charge is that, on 4 May 2005, the fourth respondent, while not
holding a valid practising certificate, wilfully sent a letter bearing the
description “Advocates & Solicitors” to the Commissioner for Labour concerning
a client named Mosharaf Hossain Abdur Rashid, thereby implying that she was
duly authorised to act as an advocate and solicitor even though she was in
fact not so authorised.

(e) The fifth charge is that, on 1 June 2005, the fourth respondent gave false
information orally when questioned by a public servant, District Judge Yeow
Ping Lin of the Subordinate Courts (“District Judge Yeow”), on whether she had
renewed her practising certificate. According to the charge, the fourth
respondent told District Judge Yeow that she had applied for renewal late but
had since obtained her practising certificate, knowing the information to be
false and intending by her reply to cause District Judge Yeow to omit
reporting her to the relevant authorities.

**_Factual background_**

71 __ The fourth respondent is a lawyer of some 11 years’ standing. Her
personal history is summarised in _PP v Jasvendar Kaur d/o Avtar Singh_ [2006]
SGDC 216 (“ _Jasvendar Kaur_ ”) at [4], as follows:

The [fourth respondent] is married with two young children, aged 2 and 4. Her
husband is working as a cabin crew with Singapore Airlines (SIA). She is
currently working as a part-time tutor. She has practised law … since August
1996 and has worked as a legal assistant with 3 law firms. In the year 2000,
she became a partner in the firm of Bannir Jyah & Co. which then changed its
name to Jyah & Jas.

72 The fourth respondent was the sole proprietor of her firm (_viz_ , the
above-mentioned Jyah & Jas) from June 2003 to March 2005.

73 The fourth respondent pleaded guilty in the District Court to five criminal
charges, which were based on the same facts as those set out in the Charges
(see [70] above). Specifically, the criminal charges related to the following
offences:

(a) in respect of the matters set out in the first of the Charges, the offence
under s 33(1)(_a_) of the Act;

(b) in respect of the matters set out in the second, third and fourth of the
Charges, the offence under s 33(1)(_b_) of the Act; and

(c) in respect of the matters set out in the last of the Charges, the offence
under s 182 of the Penal Code (Cap 224, 1985 Rev Ed) (“the s 182 offence”).

On 29 September 2006, the fourth respondent was fined $1,000 for each of the
four charges brought under the Act, and was sentenced to two weeks’
imprisonment for the charge under s 182 of the Penal Code. The Prosecution
successfully appealed to the High Court (via Magistrate’s Appeal No 166 of
2006) against the sentence imposed for the s 182 offence and, on 17 November
2006, the fourth respondent’s sentence for that offence was enhanced to four
weeks’ imprisonment.

74 The facts surrounding the s 182 offence are contained in the statement of
facts tendered in the criminal proceedings against the fourth respondent (see
_Jasvendar Kaur_ ([71] _supra_) at [3]):

**Statement of Facts**

a. On 1 June 2005, the accused [_ie_ , the fourth respondent] appeared in the
Subordinate Courts of Singapore before … District Judge Yeow … as an advocate
and solicitor representing the respondents, one Na Boon Kwang and Kizz Club
Pte Ltd, under the proceeding PSS 765-5 of 2004 for a hearing-in-chambers.

b. During the hearing-in-chambers, District Judge Yeow had asked the accused
to confirm [whether] she had renewed her practising certificate. The accused
replied in the affirmative and informed District Judge Yeow that she had
applied late but had since obtained her practising certificate. The accused
then proceeded to apply for an adjournment of the matter.

c. The accused, being aware that her practising certificate had expired at the
material time and that she had yet to renew her practising certificate, had
therefore knowingly furnished false information to the effect that she had
obtained her practising certificate to District Judge Yeow.

d. The accused was aware at the material time that if District Judge Yeow had
known that she did not have in force a practising certificate, District Judge
Yeow would have reported her to the relevant authorities.

e. The accused had thus furnished the said false information to … District
Judge Yeow, with the intention of causing District Judge Yeow to omit
reporting her to the relevant authorities, which District Judge Yeow ought not
to omit if she had known that the accused’s practising certificate had expired
and had yet to be renewed.

f. The accused has thereby committed an offence punishable under Section 182
of the Penal Code, Cap 224.

g. The accused has been charged accordingly.

**_The fourth respondent’s submissions_**

75 The fourth respondent, who represented herself at the hearing before this
court, stated that she had undertaken the legal work described in the Charges
only out of a sense of moral obligation towards her clients. She had not done
so for financial reasons or for personal gain, and had not collected any fees
from the clients concerned. None of these clients constituted new clients.
Furthermore, three of the Charges related to work done for clients who were
foreign workers. Her work for these clients involved sending letters to the
Ministry of Manpower to obtain extensions of special passes for the clients.
According to the fourth respondent, it was difficult for her to pass on these
three matters to other lawyers on short notice because of the nature of the
clients involved. She emphasised her remorse for her actions.

**_The Law Society’s submissions_**

76 The Law Society pointed out the following facts to this court:

(a) the fourth respondent had continued to practise as an advocate and
solicitor for a period of a few months after the expiry of her last valid
practising certificate;

(b) during that period, she had attended court on two occasions and had
written to the Commissioner for Labour on three occasions; and

(c) she had lied to a district judge when questioned about whether she had a
valid practising certificate.

**_Our decision_**

77 Although the period for which the fourth respondent continued practising
law after the expiry of her last valid practising certificate was short, and
although she was winding down her practice by then, we cannot ignore the very
serious fact that she had, _inter alia_ , _lied_ to a district judge. When
asked by District Judge Yeow whether she had renewed her practising
certificate, the fourth respondent replied that she had, _knowing this answer
to be untrue_. As we have noted, the fourth respondent was originally
sentenced to two weeks’ imprisonment for the s 182 offence (see [73] above).
Significantly, in our view, this sentence was enhanced by the High Court to
four weeks’ imprisonment on appeal (see, likewise, [73] above). The fourth
respondent submitted that her deception of the court had been effected out of
fear and trepidation. Even if that were indeed the case, the fourth
respondent’s misconduct was not excusable and this is reflected in the
criminal sanction that was imposed on her. Indeed, no deception – let alone
the deception of the court – is ever excusable, especially when that deception
is practised by one who is _an officer of the court_. In the present case, the
fourth respondent was effectively caught red-handed practising without a valid
practising certificate. Instead of coming clean and telling District Judge
Yeow the truth, she lied instead. This is clearly unacceptable conduct. In
this regard, the following observations by V K Rajah J in the Singapore High
Court decision of _Public Trustee v By Products Traders Pte Ltd_ [2005] 3 SLR
449 (at [26]–[31] and [34]–[36]) bear repeating:

26 All solicitors are officers of the court: see s 82(1) of the [Act]. The
label “officer of the court” goes well beyond being a catchy or fancy turn of
phrase. By definition it presupposes and connotes that those so appointed have
obligations and responsibilities in upholding the legal framework …

27 One of the most crucial duties imposed on the solicitor is the duty not to
mislead the court. Indeed this long-standing and incontrovertible obligation
is now statutorily embedded in r 56 of the Legal Profession (Professional
Conduct) Rules (Cap 161, R 1, 2000 Rev Ed) (“LPPCR”) which unequivocally
states:

An advocate and solicitor _shall not knowingly deceive or mislead the Court_ ,
any other advocate and solicitor, witness, Court officer, or other person or
body involved in or associated with Court proceedings. [emphasis added]

28 This broad duty which has its origins in the common law has been evaluated
and expounded upon in numerous decisions …

29 While the solicitor (the term is used here to include advocates) is
expected to make all plausible honest endeavours to further his client’s
cause, he should not mislead the court on either the facts or the law. Without
misleading the court he is entitled to present his client’s cause in a manner
which is most favourable or advantageous to the client …

30 Misleading or deceptive conduct can be passive or active or a combination
of both. It is passive when material facts are concealed and/or there has been
economy with the truth. It is active when untruths are deliberately
articulated and/or facts misrepresented. Given the broad spectrum of activity
it encompasses, it would be pointless to attempt to precisely or exhaustively
define it: see rr 55 to 63 of the LPPCR. What can be asserted with confidence,
however, is that the solicitor’s duty of candour to the court in any given
matter is indivisible, uncompromising and enduring. The failure to be candid
with the court can lead to misleading and/or deceptive conduct on the part of
a solicitor.

31 The reputable badge of an officer of the court should never be compromised
on the pretext that one is acting in the client’s best interests. Admittedly,
solicitors do from time to time find themselves caught between two conflicting
tensions: that is, the duty to their clients on the one hand and to the court
on the other. There is, however, usually a clear demarcation delineating the
boundaries of appropriate conduct when such conflicting tensions surface. The
following incisive observations made by Whyatt CJ in _Shaw & Shaw Ltd v Lim
Hock Kim_ _(No_  _2)_ [1958] MLJ 129 at 130–131 are apposite and ought to be
the lodestar by which all solicitors practise:

The Court appreciates fully the difficulties which confront counsel from time
to time in the discharge of their dual duty to their clients and to the Court,
and it may be of assistance to them in the solution of such difficulties when
they arise, to recall the guiding principles laid down in this matter by
Judges of great learning and wisdom. Of the duty of an advocate to his client,
it will suffice to quote the eloquent language of Chief Justice Cockburn cited
by McCardie J. in an address delivered in the Middle Temple:—

My noble and learned friend Lord Brougham, … said that an advocate should be
fearless in carrying out the interests of his client, but I couple that with
this qualification and this restriction, that the arms which he wields are to
be the arms of the warrior and not of the assassin. It is his duty to strive
to accomplish the interests of his clients _per fas_ and not _per nefas_. It
is his duty to the utmost of his power to seek to reconcile the interests he
is bound to maintain and the duty it is incumbent upon him to discharge with
the eternal and immutable interests of truth and justice.

The advocate’s duty to the Court is perhaps more difficult to define but it
has nevertheless been well expressed by an eminent Law Lord, Lord Tomlin in an
address to the Canadian Bar Association in these words:—

There is, besides, the advocate’s obligation to the Court owed by reason of
his being engaged in assisting the Court properly to perform its functions. It
is an obligation of frankness and candour founding that confidence reposed by
the Bench in the Bar which is the most effective of all accelerators of the
quick flow of justice. _By virtue of this obligation the advocate must with
regard to facts be careful to display accuracy in his description of the
materials before the Court, while presenting them in the light which seems to
him most favourable to his client_.

The advocate’s obligation of disclosure in matters of law has not always been
so clear. At any rate it can, I think, be said today that it is the duty of
the advocate to call the attention of the court to any case or statute which
is clearly against him. This doctrine has recently received support from the
words of a distinguished member of the House of Lords. It satisfies conscience
and is in accordance with the view of the advocate’s position which I have
already indicated. …

These, then, are the two principles laid down by Chief Justice Cockburn and
Lord Tomlin for the assistance of both the Bench and the Bar in dealing with
the problems which arise from the double aspect of an advocate’s duty; they
are indeed _two lamps of advocacy which both illuminate the difficulties and
at the same time provide a safe and sure guide to their solution._

[emphasis added]

…

34 I must state emphatically that these statutory obligations [_ie_ , the
obligations set out in r 60 of the Legal Profession (Professional Conduct)
Rules (Cap 161, R 1, 2000 Rev Ed)] are not exhaustive. They are indicative of
a wider responsibility that solicitors assume as officers of the court. The
responsibilities and obligations of an officer of the court embrace all direct
or indirect facets of his interaction with the court. Solicitors in doubt as
to whether to make disclosure to the court should invariably choose to err in
favour of completeness rather than inadequacy. …

35 A solicitor’s duty to act in his client’s interests must therefore take
into account prevailing standards of conduct prescribed by the LPPCR, ethical
rules and practices prescribed by the Law Society as well as general
professional and ethical conventions and practices established through the
effluxion of time. If a client insists on a course of action which is inimical
to the prevailing professional standards prescribed for or expected of a
solicitor, that solicitor has no option but to discharge himself from the
matter: r 58 of the LPPCR. All solicitors _qua_ officers of court have an
absolute and overriding duty first and foremost to the court to serve public
interest by ensuring that there is proper and efficient administration of
justice. They should never mislead the court either actively or passively. Nor
should they consciously furnish to the court erroneous or incomplete
information or for that matter incorrect advice that may subvert the true
facts. This is a sacred duty which every court is entitled to expect every
solicitor appearing before it to unfailingly discharge. So overwhelming is the
public interest in maintaining the dignity and honour of the legal profession
through the preservation of the highest ethical and moral standards amongst
solicitors that the courts cannot risk allowing it to be compromised by even a
few recalcitrant individuals within the profession. If and when any such
breaches come to light, they must be dealt with swiftly and severely.

36 In summary, the solicitor’s obligation is to pursue his client’s interests
only in so far as it does not compromise or interfere with the administration
of justice.

[emphasis in original]

78 In the circumstances, we are of the view that, since there has been no
significant delay by the Law Society in initiating the present proceedings as
far as the fourth respondent is concerned, the fourth respondent should be
prohibited from applying for a practising certificate for a period of 15
months.

Conclusion

79 For the reasons given above, we impose the sanctions outlined at [2] above
on the respondents in the present proceedings. The costs of these proceedings
are awarded to the Law Society.

_________________

[note: 1]See para 32 of the Law Society’s written submissions filed on 16 May
2008.

[note: 2]See p 144 of the first respondent’s affidavit filed on 14 May 2008.

[note: 3]See para 24 of the first respondent’s written submissions filed on 14
May 2008.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 08 Jul 2008 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

