Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Tay Eng Chuan v Ace Insurance Ltd  
[2008] SGCA 26

Case Number | : | CA 95/2007  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 27 June 2008  
Tribunal/Court | : | Court of Appeal  
Coram | : |  Andrew Ang J; Chan Sek Keong CJ; Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Appellant in person; Teo Weng Kie and Lorraine Ho (Tan Kok Quan Partnership) for the respondent   
Parties | : |  Tay Eng Chuan — Ace Insurance Ltd   
  
Arbitration – Agreement – Agreement to refer matter to arbitration – Scott v
Avery clauses – Whether reference of dispute to arbitration is condition
precedent to liability of insurer  
  
Contract – Contractual terms – Interpretation – Contra proferentem rule –
Particular pertinence of contra proferentem rule to insurance policies  
  
Insurance – General principles – Claims – Double recovery – Whether loss of
lens and loss of sight separate types of loss  
  
Insurance – Policyholders – Protection – Duty of insurers to inform
policyholders of areas insurance cover did not extend to  
  

27 June 2008 |  Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Chan Sek Keong CJ (delivering the judgment of the court):

**Background**

1 This is an appeal against the decision of the High Court judge (“the Judge”)
dismissing the action of Tay Eng Chuan (“the appellant”) in Originating
Summons No 859 of 2007 (“OS 859/2007”) against Ace Insurance Limited (“the
respondent”) to be indemnified, under an insurance policy known as a “Double
Guarantee Protector Policy”issued by the respondent (“the Policy”), in the sum
of $300,000 for the alleged total loss of sight in his left eye (see _Tay Eng
Chuan v Ace Insurance Limited_ [2007] SGHC 212 (“the GD”)).

2 The action in OS 859/2007 was commenced following a comment made by V K
Rajah J in an earlier proceeding by the appellant against the respondent,
_viz_ , Originating Summons No 2254 of 2006 (“OS 2254/2006”). That was an
application by the appellant for, _inter alia_ , an extension of time to
commence arbitration proceedings against the respondent under the Policy. In
dismissing the application on the ground that the appellant had not made out a
case for extension of time, the learned judge made an observation (“the
Note”), which was recorded in the certified transcript of the notes of
arguments of the hearing (at p 5) as follows:[note: 1]

Note: It remains open to [the appellant] to argue that his right to maintain
an action in law in the courts survive the extinction of the right to proceed
by way of arbitration …

3 On the basis of the Note, the appellant commenced OS 859/2007 for the
following prayers:

(a) that, pursuant to the Note and the Policy, he “be allowed to proceed by
way of an action in law … to claim from the [respondent] the insurance benefit
under the [Policy] for the loss of sight in his left eye”[note: 2]; and

(b) that, pursuant to the Policy, “the [respondent] do pay [him] the sum of
S$300,000 being the insurance benefit for the loss of sight in … [his] left
eye”[note: 3].

The action in OS 859/2007 was commenced on the basis that the appellant had
suffered a total loss of sight in his left eye. The respondent contested this
contention on the ground that the medical reports dated 16 May 2003, 13 August
2003 and 29 October 2003 by Dr Khoo Chong Yew (“Dr Khoo”), the ophthalmologist
whom it appointed to examine the appellant’s left eye, indicated that, as at
14 May 2003 (the date on which Dr Khoo examined the appellant), the appellant
could, via his left eye, perceive light and hand movements at a distance of
6ft, although he could not count the number of fingers on Dr Khoo’s hand. A
further medical report dated 5 February 2004 by Dr Tong Heng Nam, who had
examined the appellant on 3 February 2004 in relation to the latter’s claim
against another insurer for the injury to his left eye, described the
appellant’s vision in that eye as good enough for “counting fingers at a
distance of five feet”[note: 4].

4 This factual dispute as to the extent of the loss of sight (if any) in the
appellant’s left eye (“the Dispute”) was not taken up further by the
respondent in the court below. Instead, it made an application (via Summons No
2829 of 2007 (“SUM 2829/2007”)) to strike out OS 859/2007 on the grounds set
out in O 18 rr 19(1)(_a_), 19(1)(_b_), 19(1)(_d_) and 19(3) of the Rules of
Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2006 Rev Ed), _viz_ , that the originating summons: (a)
disclosed no reasonable cause of action; (b) was scandalous, frivolous or
vexatious; and (c) was otherwise an abuse of the process of the court. The
Judge agreed with the respondent’s submission and struck out OS 859/2007
without considering the Dispute.

**The appellant’s eye injury and his claims against the respondent**

5 The salient facts relating to the appellant’s eye injury and his subsequent
claims against the respondent in respect of that injury are simple. On 12
November 2002, a piece of wire mesh which the appellant was carrying in his
house got caught between the wall and a pipe in the storeroom and struck his
left eye. As a result, that eye bled and the appellant was taken to hospital,
where he was found to have suffered cornea laceration, iris laceration and
traumatic cataract in his left eye. An emergency operation was performed on
the same day. The appellant was subsequently discharged from hospital on 20
November 2002, but was re-admitted from 9 December 2002 to 12 December 2002
for another operation to remove the lens in his left eye. According to the
appellant, Dr Khoo had confirmed that his left eye was “non-functional”[note:
5] and “blind by WHO [World Health Organization] definition”.[note: 6] The
appellant also deposed that Dr Yii Hee Seng, an eye specialist appointed by
yet another insurance company against whom he had made a claim in respect of
his eye injury, had advised that insurance company’s loss adjustor that the
condition of his left eye fulfilled the criteria of “Loss of Sight” as defined
in Part 3 of the Policy.[note: 7]

6 On 29 July 2003, the respondent admitted liability for “Accidental Hospital
Income Benefit” under Part 1, cl 3 of the Policy and paid the appellant the
sum of $3,300 for 11 days of hospitalisation. Under Part 1, cl 1 of the Policy
(“the Accidental Disability Benefit Clause”) (see [38] below), two other types
of insurable losses were relevant in cases of eye injury, _viz_ , (a) “Total
Loss of Lens in One Eye” and (b) “Total Loss of … Sight in One Eye”. In
respect of each of these losses, a sum of up to 50% of the benefit amount
specified in the schedule to the Policy (“the Policy Schedule”) was payable.
On 11 December 2003, the respondent paid the appellant $300,000 (being 50% of
the benefit amount applicable to the latter) for the total loss of the lens in
his left eye, but disavowed the latter’s claim for the alleged total loss of
sight in that eye. The appellant was asked to sign a discharge voucher waiving
all claims whatsoever that he might have against the respondent. The appellant
refused to do so because he took the view that he was entitled to make a
separate claim for the alleged total loss of sight in his left eye.
Eventually, he acknowledged receipt of a cheque for $300,000 from the
respondent, but reserved his right to make a claim for his alleged loss of
sight.

**The issues before the High Court and the Judge’s decision thereon**

7 In deciding whether to strike out OS 859/2007 pursuant to the respondent’s
application in SUM 2829/2007, the Judge effectively had to rule on two
questions, namely:

(a) whether the appellant had lost the right to bring a legal action based on
the Policy for the alleged total loss of sight in his left eye since he had
failed to refer the Dispute to arbitration under the terms of the Policy
(“issue (a)”); and

(b) whether the appellant was entitled to recover for the alleged total loss
of sight in his left eye (assuming he could prove such loss) when he had
already been indemnified for the total loss of the lens in that eye (“issue
(b)”).

8 With regard to issue (a), the respondent relied on Part 10, cl 7 of the
Policy (“the Arbitration Clause”) read with Part 9, cl 3 of the Policy (“the
Condition Precedent Clause”) to contend that the appellant, having failed to
comply with the Arbitration Clause, had thereby lost his right to bring a
legal action in respect of the alleged total loss of sight in his left eye.
The Arbitration Clause read as follows:

**Arbitration**

If any dispute or difference arises between the Company [_ie_ , the
respondent] and any of the parties hereto concerning any matter arising out of
[the] Policy, such dispute or difference shall be referred to arbitration in
accordance with the provisions of the Arbitration Act, Chapter 10 of Singapore
and any statutory modification or re-enactment thereof then in force within
three (3) months from the day such parties are unable to settle the
differences among themselves.

As for the Condition Precedent Clause, it stated:

**Terms and Conditions**

The due observance and fulfilment of the terms, provisions and conditions of
[the] Policy insofar as they relate to anything to be done or complied with by
the Insured Person, the Policyholder and/or the Policy Payer shall be a
condition precedent to the liability of the Company to make any payment under
[the] Policy.

9 The appellant, on the other hand, contended that, notwithstanding his breach
of the Arbitration Clause, he was still entitled to commence OS 859/2007 in
view of Part 10, cl 10 of the Policy (“the Legal Action Clause”) and Part 10,
cl 8 of the Policy (“the Governing Law Clause”). These clauses were set out in
Part 10 of the Policy as follows:

**8\. Governing Law**

[The] Policy shall be governed by and interpreted in accordance with Singapore
Law. The Singapore courts shall have exclusive jurisdiction.

…

**10\. Legal Action**

Subject to Clause 7 of this Part [_ie_ , the Arbitration Clause], no action
shall be brought to recover on [the] Policy prior to the expiration of sixty
(60) days after written proof of claim has been filed in accordance with the
provisions of [the] Policy.

10 The Judge ruled in favour of the respondent on issue (a). He held that the
appellant’s claim was barred as compliance with the Arbitration Clause was a
condition precedent to the respondent’s liability to make payment under the
Policy and the appellant had not complied with that clause. Reading the
Condition Precedent Clause together with the Arbitration Clause (reproduced at
[8] above), the Judge held (at [22] of the GD) that:

The [A]rbitration [C]lause is not an option. It is a mandatory requirement
before he [_ie_ , the appellant] can compel the [respondent] to pay (assuming
of course that he succeeds in the arbitration). Put succinctly, “No
arbitration, no liability”.

11 The Judge further rejected the appellant’s arguments that:

(a) the Arbitration Clause did not exclude his right to commence an action in
court within the normal six-year limitation period applicable to actions
founded on contract;

(b) the Arbitration Clause was inconsistent with the Legal Action Clause; and

(c) the Governing Law Clause indicated that legal action was not barred by the
Policy.

He held that neither the Legal Action Clause nor the Governing Law Clause
assisted the appellant’s case, reasoning as follows (at [25] of the GD):

The said clauses 8 [_ie_ , the Governing Law Clause] and 10 [_ie_ , the Legal
Action Clause] do contemplate the possibility of legal proceedings in court.
As the [respondent] contended, both parties could agree to waive arbitration
and refer a question or dispute for determination by the court. Neither party
waived arbitration in this case. Further, there could be applications made to
the court for interlocutory relief or for leave to appeal against or to set
aside an arbitral award pursuant to the Arbitration Act [(Cap 10, 2002 Rev
Ed)]. Arbitration proceedings would still have to take place first. Clause 10,
which is subject to clause 7 [_ie_ , the Arbitration Clause], could cover a
situation where the [respondent] acknowledges liability but is tardy in
payment. In such a case, the claimant has to wait 60 days before enforcing
payment by action in court. Where court action is permissible, the agreed
forum is Singapore and no other court in the world. These clauses do not
detract from the fact that where there is a dispute or difference, arbitration
is still the mandatory mode of resolution (unless the parties agree
otherwise).

12 With respect to issue (b), the Judge likewise found in favour of the
respondent and ruled that the appellant could not make a separate claim under
the Policy for the alleged total loss of sight in his left eye as such a
claim, if allowed, would result in double recovery, which was expressly
prohibited under sub-cl (b) of the Accidental Disability Benefit Clause (“the
Double Recovery Sub-clause”). This sub-clause provided as follows:

If a Benefit Amount is payable for loss of a whole member of the body, then
Benefit Amounts for parts of that member cannot also be claimed.

At [28] of the GD, the Judge reasoned that the Double Recovery Sub-clause
meant that:

Although the $300,000 paid to the [appellant] was for the loss of the lens (a
part rather than the whole), he would not be entitled to claim for loss of
sight (the whole) as well. It is the reverse situation from that set out in
the said clause [_ie_ , the Double Recovery Sub-clause] but the principle
involved is the same – an insured cannot also claim for a broken window if he
claims for destruction of the entire house. The “whole” here would encompass
total loss of sight or loss of the entire eyeball. If the [appellant] succeeds
in claiming for total loss of sight, then he must return the money paid for
the loss of the lens.

**The issues on appeal**

13 The appellant appealed against the Judge’s decision on both issue (a) and
issue (b). On issue (a), he reiterated the arguments referred to at [9] and
[11] above, which the Judge had rejected. He further argued that since the
Arbitration Clause did not state which party had to commence arbitration
proceedings first, it was not a condition precedent that _he specifically_
must first refer his claim for the alleged total loss of sight in his left eye
to arbitration. The respondent could have commenced arbitration to seek a
declaration that it was under no liability to make any payment in respect of
this injury, but had not done so.

14 With regard to issue (b), the appellant argued that he was entitled to make
a separate claim for the alleged total loss of sight in his left eye as the
Policy conferred, in respect of this particular injury, a benefit separate and
distinct from the benefit relating to the loss of the lens in that eye. He
argued that the words “Total Loss of Lens in One Eye” in the Accidental
Disability Benefit Clause covered the physical loss of the lens in an eye
only, and that the affected eye could still have functional vision if the lens
were later replaced by surgery. Conversely, the words “Total Loss of … Sight
in One Eye” in that same clause covered the loss of functional vision in the
eye only as there were situations where the lens in the affected eye might
remain intact despite the loss of functional vision. In other words, the
appellant argued that the loss of the lens in an eye and the loss of sight in
an eye were separate and distinct losses which he was insured against under
the Policy, and, where both functional vision and the lens in an eye were lost
(which the appellant claimed was the position in his case), he was entitled to
be indemnified for both losses.

15 In reply, the respondent’s argument on issue (a) was that the Judge was
correct in law in deciding that the appellant had lost his right to make a
claim under the Policy for the alleged total loss of sight in his left eye as
compliance with the Arbitration Clause was a condition precedent to the
respondent’s liability to make payment under the Policy for this particular
injury. On issue (b), the respondent argued that the Judge was likewise
correct in law in deciding that since the appellant had already been
indemnified in respect of the loss of the lens in his left eye, he could not
(on the basis that he was blind in the absence of a functional lens in that
eye) make a separate claim for the alleged total loss of sight. According to
the respondent, if such a claim (for the alleged total loss of sight) were
allowed, it would result in double recovery of benefits under the Policy,
contrary to the Double Recovery Sub-clause.

16 We will now consider these issues and arguments.

**Our decision**

**_Issue (a): Had the appellant lost the right to sue on the Policy because of
non-compliance with the Arbitration Clause?_**

_The respondent’s contention_

17 In arguing before this court that the appellant had lost his right to
commence OS 859/2007 as he had not complied with the Arbitration Clause, the
respondent relied on the same two provisions which it had raised before the
Judge, namely, the Arbitration Clause and the Condition Precedent Clause
(reproduced at [8] above). Reading these two clauses together, the respondent
contended that, under the Arbitration Clause, the appellant had to refer the
Dispute to arbitration. Therefore, the referring of the Dispute to arbitration
was something to be done by him according to the terms of the Condition
Precedent Clause, which stipulated that the doing of that very thing was a
condition precedent to the respondent’s liability to make any payment under
the Policy. Since the appellant had not referred the Dispute to arbitration,
he was in breach of, _inter alia_ , the Condition Precedent Clause and the
respondent was therefore under no liability to make any payment under the
Policy. In support of this argument, counsel referred to the following passage
in Poh Chu Chai, _Principles of Insurance Law_ (LexisNexis, 6th Ed, 2005) at
pp 387–388 on the effect of a breach of a condition precedent in a policy of
insurance:

If an insurer wishes to disclaim liability when an insured breaches a term in
the policy, the term has to be made a condition precedent to the liability of
the insurer. …

…

When a term is stipulated as a condition precedent to the liability of an
insurer, the insurer comes under no liability to the insured if he fails to
observe the term.

The respondent further submitted, in response to the appellant’s argument that
the Arbitration Clause was inconsistent with the Legal Action Clause, that
there was no such inconsistency as:[note: 8]

The [L]egal [A]ction [C]lause is expressly “[s]ubject to” the [A]rbitration
[C]lause. It is subservient to the [A]rbitration [C]lause. _Therefore, if a
dispute or difference [arises] between the parties and they are unable to
settle the difference amongst themselves, no party may commence legal action
unless the [A]rbitration [C]lause has been complied with._ [emphasis added]

_Our analysis of the respondent’s contention_

18 The apparent logic of the respondent’s argument in relation to the
Arbitration Clause read with the Condition Precedent Clause is not difficult
to appreciate. The Judge accepted the argument and concluded succinctly (at
[22] of the GD): “No arbitration, no liability” (see [10] above). However,
there are counter-arguments against the respondent’s contention. The first is
that its force is derived solely from a selective reading of the Arbitration
Clause and the Condition Precedent Clause in isolation, without reference to
the purpose of the Legal Action Clause and its effect on these two clauses. In
our view, the Arbitration Clause and the Condition Precedent Clause cannot be
construed as if they were stand-alone clauses isolated from the overall
context of the Policy. The second counter-argument is that the respondent’s
contention fails to take into account case authorities relating to the form
and nature of what are commonly known as “ _Scott v Avery_ clauses” (this area
of the law was in fact not raised before the Judge at all). This omission is
significant as the effect of the respondent’s argument based on the Condition
Precedent Clause and the Arbitration Clause, although it was not expressed in
these terms, was that the two clauses collectively amounted to a _Scott v
Avery_ clause. The third counter-argument is that the respondent’s contention
fails to take into account the _contra proferentum_ rule of contractual
interpretation (a point which was likewise not brought up before the Judge).
We will now address each of these counter-arguments in turn.

(1) The Legal Action Clause

19 The Legal Action Clause (which is reproduced at [9] above) provides that
the appellant may bring an action based on the Policy upon the expiration of
60 days after he has submitted to the respondent written proof of his claim.
Its meaning is perfectly clear in the context of the general principle of
insurance law that an insured has a right to be indemnified by his insurer
under a policy of insurance and may enforce that right by way of legal action.
In the present case, the appellant’s right under the Legal Action Clause is
_not_ affected in any way by the Condition Precedent Clause (since the latter
concerns only the respondent’s liability _to make payment_ under the Policy).
Under the general law, the appellant may sue on the Policy, in respect of the
alleged total loss of sight in his left eye, at any time within “6 years from
the date on which the cause of action accrued” (see s 6(1) of the Limitation
Act (Cap 163, 1996 Rev Ed)). According to the Legal Action Clause, a cause of
action would accrue in favour of an insured only upon “the expiration of sixty
(60) days after written proof of claim has been filed in accordance with the
provisions of [the] Policy”. In the present case, the appellant’s written
proof of claim, although dated 20 November 2002, was received by the
respondent on 26 December 2002 (see para 19 of Lim Lay Yan’s affidavit filed
on 2 July 2007 as well as Exhibit “LLY-3” thereof). Therefore, the appellant’s
right to bring an action in respect of his alleged total loss of sight in the
left eye would expire only on 26 December 2008 (taking the date on which the
respondent received the appellant’s written proof of claim as the date on
which that claim was “filed” for the purposes of the Legal Action Clause).

20 The Legal Action Clause is, however, affected by the Arbitration Clause as
the former is expressed to be “[s]ubject to” the latter. The respondent had
argued before the Judge that no action could be brought under the Legal Action
Clause until the appellant had first proceeded with arbitration as required by
the Arbitration Clause. The Judge did not expressly state whether he agreed or
disagreed with this argument, but his subsequent analysis (at [25] of the GD
(reproduced earlier at [11] above)) suggested that he agreed with the
respondent. In other words, the Judge construed the opening words “Subject to
Clause 7 of this Part” in the Legal Action Clause (“the Qualifying Words”) as
entailing that a dispute or difference had to be referred to arbitration first
before any court action in respect of such dispute or difference could be
commenced. It would follow, on this interpretation of the Qualifying Words,
that since the appellant had not complied with the Arbitration Clause in the
present case, he had no right of action under the Legal Action Clause.

21 In our view, the Judge’s interpretation of the Qualifying Words, _viz_ ,
that the appellant could not rely on the Legal Action Clause to commence OS
859/2007 until the Dispute had been referred to arbitration, is not the only
possible meaning of those words. There is an alternative meaning – namely,
that since the appellant failed to refer the Dispute to arbitration within the
period stipulated in the Arbitration Clause, he lost his right to arbitration,
_but nothing more_ ; _ie_ , he could still rely on the Legal Action Clause to
bring a legal action notwithstanding his breach of the Arbitration Clause.
This alternative interpretation of the Qualifying Words is supported by the
following passage from _Halsbury’s Laws of Singapore_ vol 2 (LexisNexis, 2003
Reissue) at para 20.049:

Contractual time bars may apply to bar either the claim or the arbitration.
_Where a contractual time limit bars only the right to proceed to arbitration,
the parties may nevertheless proceed to litigate_ the dispute in the forum
where the jurisdiction could be established over the parties. [emphasis added]

On this interpretation of the Qualifying Words, breach of the Arbitration
Clause would not negate the right of action conferred by the Legal Action
Clause.

22 We should add that regardless of whether the Judge’s interpretation of the
Qualifying Words or the alternative interpretation thereof (as set out at [21]
above) is adopted, the respondent could in any case still have referred the
Dispute to arbitration despite the appellant’s breach of the Arbitration
Clause. The appellant had lost his right to arbitration as he had not complied
with that clause, but the respondent had not lost that right. Indeed, there
was nothing to prevent the respondent from applying to the court to stay OS
859/2007 in favour of arbitration. However, the respondent chose instead to
apply (via SUM 2829/2007) to strike out the originating summons on the grounds
referred to at [4] above. In doing so, the respondent took a step in the
proceedings and thereby waived its right to arbitration.

23 The difficulty which we have with the respondent’s interpretation of the
Condition Precedent Clause read with the Arbitration Clause (which
interpretation the Judge accepted) lies in the fact that there is nothing in
either of these clauses which states that the appellant has no right of legal
action unless the Arbitration Clause has been complied with. If these two
clauses are seen as having such an effect (because of the wording of the
Condition Precedent Clause), it would lead to an inconsistency with the Legal
Action Clause, and it is this very inconsistency which forms the crux of the
first counter-argument against the respondent’s contention on issue (a).

24 In the interest of completeness, we should also mention that although the
appellant had earlier applied unsuccessfully (in OS 2254/2006) for an
extension of time to commence arbitration against the respondent, the decision
in that action did not necessarily imply that the reference of the Dispute to
arbitration was indeed a condition precedent to the appellant’s right to sue
on the Policy or that the appellant accepted that the Policy contained such a
provision. On this specific issue, the appellant’s application in OS 2254/2006
did not constitute and was not capable of giving rise to an estoppel against
him. Indeed, Rajah J recognised this in commenting (in the Note) that his
decision did not mean that the appellant had no right of action under the
general law in respect of the alleged total loss of sight in his left eye (see
[2] above).

(2)  _Scott v Avery_ clauses

25 The second counter-argument against the respondent’s contention on issue
(a) is related to the point highlighted earlier at [23] above – namely, there
is nothing in either the Condition Precedent Clause or the Arbitration Clause
which states that the appellant has no right of legal action unless he has
first complied with the Arbitration Clause. This omission is significant for,
as we noted earlier (at [18] above), the respondent effectively relied on
these two clauses as constituting a _Scott v Avery_ clause. The effect of a
clause of this nature is described in David St John Sutton, Judith Gill &
Matthew Gearing, _Russell on Arbitration_ (Sweet & Maxwell, 23rd Ed, 2007) as
follows (at para 2-022):

The parties to a contract may agree that no action shall be brought upon it
until an arbitration award has been made, or (what amounts to the same thing)
may agree that the only obligation arising out of a particular term of the
contract shall be to pay whatever sum a tribunal may award. This is known as a
_Scott v Avery_ clause. It does not prevent litigation being initiated on a
contract containing a clause of this type, but the condition precedent is a
defence to the action.

26 The leading case on such clauses is _Alexander Scott v George Avery_ (1856)
5 HL Cas 811; 10 ER 1121 (commonly cited as “ _Scott v Avery_ ”) itself. In
that case, the clause in question (which was contained in a marine insurance
policy) read as follows (see 813–814; 1122–1123):

[T]he sum to be paid by this association to any suffering member, for any loss
or damage, shall in the first instance be ascertained and settled by the
committee, and the suffering member, if he agrees to accept such sum in full
satisfaction of his claim, shall be entitled to demand and sue for the same as
soon as the amount to be paid has been so ascertained and settled, but not
before … And if a difference shall arise between the committee and any
suffering member, relative to the settling [of] any loss or damage, or to a
claim for average, or any other matter relating to the insurance, in such case
the member dissatisfied shall select one arbitrator on his or her behalf, and
the committee shall select another. And if the committee refuse for 14 days to
make such selection, the suffering member shall select two, and in either case
the two selected shall forthwith select a third, which three arbitrators, or
any two of them, shall decide upon the claims and matters in dispute … And in
all cases where arbitration is resorted to, the settlement of the committee
[is] to be wholly rescinded, and the statement begun _de novo_. Provided
always (and it is hereby expressly declared to be a part of the contract of
insurance between the members of this association), that _no member who
refuses to accept the amount of any loss as settled by the committee,
hereinbefore specified, in full satisfaction of such loss, shall be entitled
to maintain any action at law, or suit in equity, on his policy, until the
matters in dispute … have been referred to, and decided by, arbitrators,
appointed as hereinbefore specified; and then only for such sum as the said
arbitrators shall award. And the obtaining [of] the decision of such
arbitrators on the matters and claims in dispute … is hereby declared to be a
condition precedent to the right of any member to maintain any such action or
suit._ [emphasis added]

The House of Lords held that the effect of the clause was to make arbitration
a condition precedent to the bringing of any action founded on the insurance
policy. As Lord Campbell explained (at 851–854; 1137–1138):

[T]he contract … is as clear as the English language could make it, that no
action should be brought against the insurers until the arbitrators had
disposed of any dispute that might arise between [the insurers and the
insured]. It is declared to be a condition precedent to the bringing of any
action. …

…

… [I]t is stipulated, in the most express terms, that until the arbitrators
have determined, no action shall lie in any court whatsoever.

27 Another example of a valid and effective _Scott v Avery_ clause is that
considered by the English High Court in _Viney v Bignold_ (1888) 20 QBD 172.
There, the relevant provision stipulated that in the event of any dispute
arising between the insurer and the insured as to the adjustment of a loss:

(a) the amount to be paid by the insurer was to be submitted to arbitration;

(b) the award of the arbitrator would be conclusive evidence of the amount of
the loss;

(c) _the insured would not be entitled to commence any legal action based on
the insurance policy until the amount of the loss had been referred to and
determined by arbitration_ ; and

(d) any action commenced by the insured thereafter could only be for the
amount awarded by the arbitrator.

It was held that these provisions were good and entailed that the
determination by arbitration of the amount payable by the insurer was a
condition precedent to the insurer’s liability to make payment under the
policy. Wills J explained at 174:

The principle on which cases such as the present ought to be decided is very
clear, and it is this. The Court must look and see what the covenant is. If
there is a covenant to pay the amount of the loss, accompanied by a
_collateral_ provision that the amount shall be ascertained by arbitration,
such arbitration is _not_ a condition precedent to the maintenance of an
action on the covenant, but _if the parties have covenanted that the liability
is only to arise after the amount has been adjusted by arbitration, then such
adjustment is a condition precedent to the right to recover._ The real
question comes to this, what have the parties covenanted to do?

In the present case … the meaning of [the] provision … [is] that in case of
difference the amount to be paid shall be determined by arbitration, and until
this is done no liability shall arise; in short, the condition means what it
says; the only contract on the part of the [insurer] which is applicable
where, as in the present case, a difference has arisen is that [it] will pay
such amount as shall be awarded by arbitrators or their umpire.

[emphasis added]

28 In the Singapore context, an example of a _Scott v Avery_ clause can be
found in the High Court case of _Lim Kitt Ping Lynnette v People’s Insurance
Co Ltd_ [1997] 3 SLR 1018 (“ _People’s Insurance Co Ltd_ ”). The material
clause in that case (“condition 8”) read as follows (_id_ at [17]):

All differences arising out of this policy shall be referred to the decision
of an arbitrator to be appointed in writing by the parties in difference or if
they cannot agree upon a single arbitrator to the decision of two arbitrators
one to be appointed in writing by each of the parties within one calendar
month after having been required in writing so to do by either of the parties
or in case the arbitrators do not agree of an umpire appointed in writing by
the arbitrators before entering upon the reference. The umpire shall sit with
the arbitrators and preside at their meetings and _the making of an award
shall be a condition precedent to any right of action against the company._
[emphasis added]

The defendant insurer pleaded in its defence that a decision by the arbitrator
was a condition precedent to its liability to make payment under the policy,
and, since no arbitral decision had been obtained by the insured before the
action was commenced, it (the insurer) was under no liability to the insured
at all. Kan Ting Chiu J accepted that such a defence could be pleaded (_id_ at
[19]) – _ie_ , he affirmed the insurer’s stance that condition 8 constituted a
_Scott v Avery_ clause – but ultimately rejected this defence on the facts of
the case (the judge found that the dispute between the insurer and the insured
was not a dispute arising out of the policy and, thus, condition 8 did not
apply to begin with (_id_ at [24])).

29 It is evident from the above precedents that in the normal _Scott v Avery_
clause, all the provisions that state that the obtaining of an arbitral award
is a condition precedent to the insured’s right to bring an action based on
the insurance policy are _set out in_ _the same clause_ so that the insured is
left in no doubt as to their legal effect (see the wording of the clauses
considered in _Scott v Avery_ ([26] _supra_), _Viney v Bignold_ and _People’s
Insurance Co Ltd_ , respectively)_._ In contrast, in the present case, the
respondent’s position is, effectively, that the Arbitration Clause is part of
a _Scott v Avery_ clause, with the other part to be found in the Condition
Precedent Clause. In our view, this contention is unacceptable given the way
in which _Scott v Avery_ clauses are usually (and have been, for so many
years) worded.

30 More importantly, the above precedents on _Scott v Avery_ clauses show that
these clauses have always _expressly_ stated (in the context of insurance
contracts specifically) that the obtaining of an arbitral award is a condition
precedent to the insured’s right to sue on the contract. In the present case,
there is no such express provision in either the Condition Precedent Clause or
the Arbitration Clause (or, for that matter, the Legal Action Clause (see
further [31]–[32] below)). The Condition Precedent Clause merely states that
compliance with, _inter alia_ , the Arbitration Clause is “a condition
precedent to the liability of the Company _to make any payment under [the]
Policy_ ” [emphasis added]. In our view, the respondent’s liability to make
payment under the Policy cannot be equated with the appellant’s right to sue
on the Policy so as to restrict such right of action where any of the terms or
provisions of the Policy have not been adhered to. This is because just as the
insured is under a legal obligation to disclose fully to the insurer, on an
_uberrima fides_ basis, all material facts relating to his personal conditions
and circumstances, the insurer must also inform the insured of any unusual
clause(s) in an insurance policy that may deprive the latter of his right to
make a claim. As Woo Bih Li J stated in _NTUC Co-operative Insurance
Commonwealth Enterprise Ltd v Chiang Soong Chee_ [2007] SGHC 222 (“ _NTUC Co-
operative Insurance_ ”) (at [50]):

Besides highlighting what the cover of each policy extends to, insurers should
also highlight the more obvious areas which the cover does not extend to,
although this may be counter-intuitive to them …

31 Even if the Legal Action Clause, which specifically refers to the insured’s
right of action, is taken into consideration (although the respondent did
_not_ in fact rely on this provision to support its contention that the
appellant had lost his right to commence OS 859/2007), it does not advance the
argument that the Policy contained a _Scott v Avery_ clause for two reasons.
The first is that the Condition Precedent Clause, the Arbitration Clause and
the Legal Action Clause are set out as _disparate_ provisions in the Policy
(see in this regard the point which we made earlier at [29] above). No insured
person can be expected to know that he must read all three clauses together
and, further, understand them (read collectively) to mean that he will forfeit
his right to sue on the Policy if he fails to refer any dispute or difference
to arbitration within three months from the day on which he and the respondent
are unable to settle the dispute or difference among themselves. Indeed, it
would not be far-fetched for us to state that it might even be difficult for a
_lawyer_ who is not familiar with a _Scott v Avery_ clause to read these three
clauses together and understand them to constitute, collectively, a _Scott v
Avery_ clause.

32 Second, the Legal Action Clause suffers from the same defect as that
pointed out earlier (at [25] above) in respect of the Condition Precedent
Clause and the Arbitration Clause – _ie_ , the Legal Action Clause does not
state that the appellant’s right to commence an action in court arises only
upon compliance with the Arbitration Clause. In our view, the Qualifying Words
_per se_ are not sufficiently clear to import such an effect into the Legal
Action Clause in view of the insurer’s legal obligation to inform the insured
clearly of any provisions which might deprive the latter of his right to make
a claim under the insurance policy. We earlier referred (at [30] above) to Woo
J’s observations on this particular point in _NTUC Co-operative Insurance_ at
[50]. We would also draw attention to the English Court of Appeal’s comments
in _In re Bradley and Essex and Suffolk Accident Indemnity Society_ [1912] 1
KB 415 (“ _Bradley_ ”) at 430–431 (_per_ Farwell LJ) as follows:

Contracts of insurance are contracts in which uberrima fides is required, not
only from the assured, but also from the company assuring. … It is especially
incumbent on insurance companies to make clear, both in their proposal forms
and in their policies, the conditions which are precedent to their liability
to pay, for such conditions have the same effect as forfeiture clauses, and
may inflict loss and injury to the assured and those claiming under him out of
all proportion to any damage that could possibly accrue to the company from
non-observance or non-performance of the conditions. Accordingly, it has been
established that the doctrine that policies are to be construed “contra
proferentes” applies strongly against the company: [_In the matter of an
arbitration between_ _Etherington_ _and The Lancashire and Yorkshire Accident
Insurance Company_ [1909] 1 KB 591]. … It is, in my opinion, incumbent on the
company to put clearly on the proposal form the acts which the assured is by
the policy to covenant to perform and to make clear in the policy the
conditions, non-performance of which will entail the loss of all benefits of
the insurance.

33 In our view, the passages quoted from _NTUC Co-operative Insurance_ and
_Bradley_ (at, respectively, [30] and [32] above) are apt to apply to any
argument, whether based on a collective reading of the Condition Precedent
Clause and the Arbitration Clause alone (which is the respondent’s position)
or a collective reading of these two clauses together with the Legal Action
Clause (which is the alternative stance posited at [31] above), that the
Policy contained a _Scott v Avery_ clause. Farwell LJ’s comments in _Bradley_
also bring us to the third counter-argument against the respondent’s
contention on issue (a), _viz_ , the _contra proferentum_ rule.

(3) The _contra proferentum_ rule

34 In _Tam Wing Chuen v Bank of Credit and Commerce Hong Kong Ltd_ [1996] 2
BCLC 69, Lord Mustill described the _contra proferentem_ principle (at 77) as
follows:

[A] person who puts forward the wording of a proposed agreement may be
assumedto have looked after his own interests, so that if the words leave room
for doubt about whether he is intended to have a particular benefit there is a
reason to supposethat he is not.

In _Bradley_ , Cozens-Hardy MR, who delivered the leading judgment of the
court, stated (at 422) that “[a] policy of this nature [_ie_ , an insurance
policy], in case of ambiguity or doubt, ought to be construed against the
office and in favour of the policy-holder” (see also our earlier reference (at
[32] above) to Farwell LJ’s pronouncement on this particular issue in
_Bradley_ at 430).

35 The _contra proferentem_ rule is particularly pertinent in insurance
policies because these policies are invariably drafted and/or vetted by
experts for the benefit of insurers so as to protect the latter’s
interest.Invariably, the insured has no choice but to accept whatever terms
and conditions, especially general terms and conditions, are imposed by the
insurer. In our view, the rule applies in the present case. The meaning of the
Qualifying Words and their effect on the right of legal action conferred by
the Legal Action Clause are unclear. As we pointed out earlier, these words
could mean that in the event of a breach of the Arbitration Clause, the
appellant would either: (a) lose the right of action conferred by the Legal
Action Clause (see [20] above), or (b) lose only his right of arbitration but
not his right of legal action (see [21] above). The former interpretation
favours the respondent, while the latter favours the appellant. In these
circumstances, the _contra proferentum_ rule entails that the respondent
should not be allowed to construe the Qualifying Words as negating the
appellant’s right to sue on the Policy on the basis of the latter’s breach of
the Arbitration Clause. Similarly, the Condition Precedent Clause, which
refers to only the respondent’s “liability … to make any payment under [the]
Policy” without mentioning the appellant’s right to sue on the Policy (a point
which we highlighted earlier at [30] above), should likewise be construed
against the respondent; _ie_ , this clause cannot be read together with either
the Arbitration Clause alone or both the Arbitration Clause and the Legal
Action Clause so as to nullify the appellant’s right to sue on the Policy
despite his breach of the Arbitration Clause.

_Summary of our ruling on issue (a)_

36 To summarise, compliance with the Arbitration Clause is a condition
precedent to _only_ the respondent’s liability to make payment under the
Policy. Thus, where issue (a) is concerned, the appellant did have the right
under the Legal Action Clause to commence OS 859/2007 even though he had not
complied with the Arbitration Clause. The appellant’s right in this regard was
not affected by the Condition Precedent Clause.

**_Issue (b): Was the appellant entitled to recover for his alleged loss of
sight when he had already been indemnified for the loss of the lens in his
left eye?_**

37 We will now consider issue (b), _viz_ , whether the appellant is entitled
to recover for the alleged total loss of sight in his left eye, given that he
has already been indemnified in respect of the total loss of the lens in that
eye. The respondent’s contention before this court was that the appellant’s
claim for his alleged loss of sight was barred by the principle against double
recovery for the same injury. In analysing this issue, it is necessary to
first examine the Accidental Disability Benefit Clause and the Double Recovery
Sub-clause in greater detail.

38 The insured benefits which the appellant could potentially claim as a
result of his eye injury relate to the total loss of the lens in his left eye
(for which the respondent has already accepted liability and made payment
under the Policy (see [6] above)) and the alleged total loss of sight in that
eye. These benefits, along with the Double Recovery Sub-Clause, are set out in
the Accidental Disability Benefit Clause as follows:

**ACCIDENTAL DISABILITY BENEFIT**

If … the Insured Person sustains Bodily Injury which results in his/her
Permanent disability within one hundred and eighty (180) days from the date of
the Accident, the Company [_ie_ , the respondent] will pay the Accidental
Disability Benefit up to the limit set out in Item 7.1 of the Policy Schedule;
subject to the following percentage for each category of loss set out below:

_Limit (percentage of such Benefit Amount)_

…

Total Loss of … Sight in One Eye 50%

Total Loss of Lens in One Eye 50%

and provided that:–

a. The total Benefit Amount payable in respect of all categories of loss shall
not exceed 100% of the Benefit Amount specified in Item 7.1 of the Policy
Schedule for any Insured Person whilst in the lifetime of [the] Policy.

b. If a Benefit Amount is payable for loss of a whole member of the body, then
Benefit Amounts for parts of that member cannot also be claimed.

39 The original benefit amount which the appellant was entitled to claim as
“Accidental Disability Benefit” under the Policy was stated in Item 7.1 of the
Policy Schedule to be $500,000. Item 7.5 of the Policy Schedule provided that:

The Benefit Amount for all benefits stated [in Item 7 of the Policy Schedule]
… will increase by 20% on each anniversary of the Effective Date of the Policy
as stated above, up to the 5th anniversary of such Effective Date, provided
that the maximum amount shall not in any event exceed 200% of the original
Benefit Amount shown above, subject to the terms of the Policy.

In this regard, Item 3 of the Policy Schedule listed the appellant’s
“Effective Date of Insurance” as 11 April 2001. Accordingly, the benefit
amount for the appellant in respect of “Accidental Disability Benefit” had
increased by 20% ($100,000), _ie_ , from $500,000 to $600,000, by the time of
the accident on 12 November 2002.

40 As the appellant has recovered only $300,000 for the loss of the lens in
his left eye, the recovery of another $300,000 for the alleged total loss of
sight in that eye would not exceed the total amount of “Accidental Disability
Benefit” which he is entitled to claim under the Policy. The only issue is
whether recovery in respect of this alleged loss would amount to recovery for
a loss for which he has already been paid under the Policy.

41 It will be recalled that the Judge held that the principle against double
recovery applied on the basis the appellant had already recovered $300,000 for
the loss of the lens in his left eye, which was loss of part of “a whole
member” within the meaning of the Double Recovery Sub-clause. He reasoned,
graphically, that an insured could not also claim for a broken window if he
claimed for destruction of the entire house (see the GD at [28] (reproduced
earlier at [12] above)). On this basis, the Judge held that since the “whole
member” in this context encompassed either the total loss of sight or the
total loss of the entire eyeball of an eye, if the appellant succeeded in
recovering for his alleged total loss of sight in his left eye, he would have
to return the money paid for the loss of the lens in that eye.

42 In the written submissions which it filed for this appeal, the respondent
argued in support of the Judge’s decision as follows:[note: 9]

The whole member of the eye must mean the entire eye itself in the natural
meaning of the word. If one loses the entire eyeball, it will consequently
follow that one will lose his sight [in] that eye completely. The losing of
complete and absolute sight [in] the eye amounts to losing the entire purpose
and function of the whole member of the eye. In that circumstance, whether the
lens remains intact or otherwise becomes irrelevant since the eye can no
longer see. The parts of the eye like the lens, iris, retina and cornea all
come together to form the whole member of the eye. If one loses a part of the
eye, for example the lens, it does not necessarily follow that the person will
lose the sight in his eye, as there are available corrective surgeries. The
[a]ppellant’s lens in this case was replaced by an artificial one for exactly
that purpose. Therefore, the claim was doomed to fail …

43 With respect, we do not think that the Judge’s interpretation of the
structure and intent of the Accidental Disability Benefit Clause is correct.
The benefit payable in respect of the total loss of _sight_ in one eye is
categorised _differently_ from the benefit payable in respect of the total
loss of the _lens_ in one eye, although the amount payable for each loss is
limited to 50% of the applicable benefit amount. In other words, the Policy
expressly provides that the total loss of the lens in an eye (which is a
_physical_ loss) is a type of loss which is _different_ from the total loss of
sight (which is a _functional_ loss). In this regard, the appellant’s argument
on issue (b) (see [14] above) is consistent with the structure and intent of
the Policy. As these two types of losses (_ie_ , loss of the lens in an eye
and loss of sight in an eye, respectively) are separate and distinct, where
both the lens and sight in an eye are lost, the loss of the lens does _not_
constitute part of the loss of sight for the purposes of the Double Recovery
Sub-clause; conversely, the loss of sight is _not_ part of the loss of the
lens. In the present case, although the appellant has been paid in respect of
the (physical) loss of the lens in his left eye, he has not been paid yet for
the (functional) loss of sight which he claims to have suffered in that eye.
With respect, the Judge was wrong in comparing apples (_viz_ , loss of the
lens in an eye, which is a physical loss) with oranges (_viz_ , loss of sight
in an eye, which is a functional loss).

44 We would pose the following hypothetical example to illustrate the
difference between the two types of claims (_viz_ , for the loss of the lens
in an eye and for the loss of sight in an eye, respectively). Suppose the
appellant had expended the $300,000 which he recovered in respect of the total
loss of the lens in his left eye on a series of operations to replace that
lens so as to restore his sight in that eye (which he claims has been totally
lost), but the operations failed. In such a situation, can it be the position
that since the appellant has been paid “Accidental Disability Benefit” for the
loss of the lens, he cannot then recover such benefit for his alleged loss of
sight? If the answer is yes, then the appellant would, in substance, have
recovered nothing for the loss of sight in his left eye. Is this what is
contemplated by the Accidental Disability Benefit Clause, which (as we pointed
out at [43] above) classifies the loss of the lens in an eye and the loss of
sight in an eye as separate and distinct types of insurable losses? We think
not. In our view, this is another situation where the _contra proferentum_
rule dictates that any ambiguity in the extent of insurance coverage provided
by the Policy should be construed against the respondent. As such, the
appellant, despite having already been paid $300,000 in respect of the total
loss of the lens in his left eye, is entitled to recover a further sum of
$300,000 for the alleged total loss of sight in that eye _provided_ he can
prove the latter in a court of law.

**Conclusion**

45 For the reasons given above, we are of the view that the Judge was wrong in
striking out OS 859/2007 and that the appellant is entitled to commence this
action against the respondent. We set aside the Judge’s decision and his order
of costs against the appellant, with the usual consequential orders. As the
appellant represented himself at the hearing before this court, there is no
need for us to make any order as to costs for his counsel. The appellant will,
however, be entitled to recover his reasonable disbursements from the
respondent.

46 Finally, as the factual issue of whether the appellant has indeed suffered
a total loss of sight in his left eye (_ie_ , the Dispute) has yet to be
determined, we remit this action to the Judge to rule on this issue. In this
regard, we direct that, for the purposes of determining whether the appellant
has suffered a total loss of sight, the Judge should appoint an eye specialist
from the Singapore National Eye Centre to give expert testimony on this issue
in lieu of allowing the parties to appoint their own experts.

  

* * *

[note: 1]See vol 2, p 129 of the core bundle filed by the appellant (“ACB”)
for this appeal.

[note: 2]See prayer (a) of OS 859/2007 (at ACB, vol 2, pp 29–30).

[note: 3]See prayer (b) of OS 859/2007 (at ACB, vol 2, p 30).

[note: 4]See ACB at vol 2, p 297.

[note: 5]See para 7 of the appellant’s affidavit filed on 9 June 2007 (at ACB,
vol 2, p 39).

[note: 6]_Ibid_.

[note: 7]See Dr Yii Hee Seng’s e-mail dated 23 May 2003 (at ACB, vol 2, pp
71–72).

[note: 8]See para 82 of the written case filed by the respondent for this
appeal.

[note: 9]See para 44 of the respondent’s skeletal arguments filed on 27 March
2008.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 27 Jun 2008 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

