Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Ho Paul v Singapore Medical Council  
[2008] SGHC 9

Case Number | : | OS 615/2007  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 16 January 2008  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Chan Sek Keong CJ; Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA; V K Rajah JA   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Rebecca Chew, Mark Cheng and Loke Pei-Shan (Rajah & Tann) for the appellant; Ho Pei Shien Melanie, Agnes Chan and Kylee Kwek (Harry Elias Partnership) for the respondent   
Parties | : |  Ho Paul — Singapore Medical Council   
  
Administrative Law – Disciplinary tribunals – Relevant precedent not brought
to attention of tribunal – Whether sentence manifestly excessive  
  
Administrative Law – Disciplinary tribunals – Standard of natural justice –
Doctor not represented by counsel – Whether Disciplinary Committee was
expected to warn doctor of legal implications of not cross-examining witnesses
– Whether Disciplinary Committee was expected to ensure doctor appreciated
importance of mitigation plea  
  
Administrative Law – Disciplinary tribunals – Whether Disciplinary Committee
directing itself to right inquiry  
  

16 January 2008 |   
---|---  
  
V K Rajah JA (delivering the grounds of decision of the court):

1 This was an appeal against the decision of the respondent, the Singapore
Medical Council (“the SMC”), which found the appellant, Dr Paul Ho (“Dr Ho”),
guilty of 19 charges of professional misconduct, and ordered that he be,
_inter alia_ , suspended from practice for a period of three months with
effect from 21 April 2007 as well as fined $1,000. We allowed the appeal in
part, in that while affirming the SMC’s finding of culpability, we set aside
the three-month suspension and increased the fine to $2,500. We now give the
reasons for our decision.

The facts

2 Dr Ho is a medical practitioner who has been in practice for more than 20
years. Between 2002 and 2005, the prescription of Subutex – often used in the
management of opioid dependence – formed part of his practice. In August 2006,
Subutex was made a controlled drug after the authorities learnt that drug
addicts were misusing Subutex.

3 In December 2003, Dr Ho’s patient records were reviewed by the Ministry of
Health (“MOH”). Concerns were raised by MOH regarding Dr Ho’s practice of
prescribing Subutex, and MOH later referred the matter to the SMC.
Subsequently, 19 charges of professional misconduct under s 45(1)(_d_) of the
Medical Registration Act (Cap 174, 2004 Rev Ed) were presented against Dr Ho.
Each charge was identical, the essence of which asserted:

a. Your management of the said patient was inappropriate in that you did not
formulate and/or adhere to any management plan for the treatment of the said
patient’s medical condition by the prescription of Subutex; and

b. You did not record or document in the said patient’s Patient Medical
Records details or sufficient details of the patient’s diagnosis, symptoms
and/or condition and/or any management plan such as to enable you to properly
assess the medical condition of the patient over the period of treatment …

4 During the inquiry before the disciplinary committee of the SMC (“the DC”),
Dr Ho chose not to have legal representation and conducted his own defence.
The hearing took place over two days. The DC found Dr Ho guilty of all 19
charges and ordered, _inter alia_ , that he be fined $1,000 as well as
suspended from practice for three months with effect from 21 April 2007.

5 In justifying its decision, the DC referred extensively to a report prepared
by the SMC’s expert witness, Dr Tan Yew Seng (“Dr Tan”), dated July 2006. The
report, a copy of which was given to Dr Ho prior to the inquiry, concluded
that Dr Ho had neither put in place any management plans for the 19 patients
concerned nor recorded sufficient details of their symptoms and conditions or
information as to how their treatment could be properly administered.

6 The DC agreed with Dr Tan’s observations that Dr Ho had failed to follow the
prescription guidelines supplied by Subutex manufacturers. Further, it doubted
if Dr Ho’s purported management plan – namely, imposing pecuniary penalties on
patients who exceeded the recommended dosage – had any positive effect on the
patients’ addiction. Dr Ho had also argued that, as a sole proprietor, it was
more difficult for him to keep fully documented records of his patients, but
this was not accepted by the DC as a legitimate excuse. Nevertheless, for the
purposes of sentencing, the DC took into consideration Dr Ho’s unblemished
record of 26 years of practice as well as the apparently genuine interest
which he had demonstrated in the treatment of drug addiction over the years.

7 Pursuant to s 46(7) of the Medical Registration Act, Dr Ho appealed against
the DC’s decision. He argued that the DC had: (a) misdirected itself on the
charges which he had to answer in the inquiry; and (b) made an error of law in
imposing a sentence which was manifestly excessive.

Whether the DC misdirected itself during the inquiry

8 Before us, it was argued that the DC had operated under a misdirection
because, instead of inquiring as to whether Dr Ho had put in place _any_
management plan, the DC had focused on whether there was _an adequate or a
proper_ management plan. According to counsel, the charges brought against Dr
Ho had clearly contemplated only the issue of whether a management plan
existed and nothing else.

9 While a court is generally precluded from reviewing the merits of a lower
tribunal’s decision, an exception exists where the tribunal has failed to
direct itself to the right inquiry: see _Leong Kum Fatt v AG_ [1984-1985] SLR
367 at 372, [13]. It is also trite law that in disciplinary proceedings, the
required response to a charge is circumscribed by the precise framing of that
particular charge: see _Lim Teng Ee Joyce v Singapore Medical Council_ [2005]
3 SLR 709 at [26]. It is for these reasons that the precise wording of the
charge is crucial in assessing the case that the person charged has to meet.

10 A simple perusal of the charges in the present case revealed a fundamental
flaw in Dr Ho’s argument. The very first line of limb (a) of the charges read,
“Your management of the said patient was _inappropriate_ …” [emphasis added].
The wording of this part of the charges flatly contradicted Dr Ho’s claim that
the inquiry had been confined to the question of whether a management plan
existed. Moreover, limb (b) of the charges, which stated that Dr Ho “did not
record or document in the said patient’s Patient Medical Records details or
_sufficient_ details of the patient’s diagnosis, symptoms and/or condition
and/or any management plan …” [emphasis added], confirmed that Dr Ho had
chosen to focus selectively on one aspect of the charges while ignoring the
other aspects.

11 We were satisfied that the DC had carefully sieved the relevant evidence
during the inquiry. There was, therefore, no basis to interfere with its
findings or to add anything _vis-à-vis_ the issue of culpability. We therefore
affirmed the DC’s decision that Dr Ho was guilty of all 19 charges.

12 Be that as it may, a couple of clarifications are necessary at this
juncture. What happens when an individual chooses to appear unrepresented
before a tribunal such as the SMC, as occurred in the case here? Would such
proceedings be subject to a different standard of natural justice? For
example, would the tribunal be expected to warn the individual of the legal
implications if he fails to cross-examine witnesses? In a similar vein, would
the tribunal have to ensure that the individual appreciates the importance of
making a mitigation plea?

13 The answer to these questions are obvious. Additional duties are not
foisted on a tribunal merely because the individual is unrepresented –
advising a person who has been charged of his litigation strategies and
options is the duty of an advocate and solicitor, not the adjudicator. This is
quite apart from the general premise that tribunals are masters of their own
procedures. Where breaches of the rules of natural justice are alleged, the
key question lies in asking whether the individual concerned was given the
opportunity to present his case and whether he suffered any prejudice as a
result of any unfairness in the conduct of the proceedings. Having reviewed
the transcript of the inquiry in the present case, we found that there had not
been any such breach of the rules of natural justice. Dr Ho had been given the
opportunity to present his case and cross-examine the witnesses, and had also
been invited to make a mitigation plea. There was simply no basis to suggest
that fairness had been compromised.

Whether the sentence was manifestly excessive

14 Turning to the issue of sentencing, we were concerned to learn of a
directly pertinent precedent that was, regrettably, only brought to light in
the proceedings before us. That was the case involving Dr John Heng (“Dr
Heng”). Like Dr Ho, Dr Heng was found guilty of 19 charges of professional
misconduct relating to the prescription of Subutex. His case was heard and
decided in November 2006, _ie_ , before Dr Ho’s case. Unfortunately, the
sentence imposed in Dr Heng’s case was not brought to the attention of the DC
during its inquiry into Dr Ho’s practice. This, rather surprisingly, was
despite the fact that the SMC’s solicitors in Dr Heng’s case were from the
same firm that represented the SMC in the present case. Whatever the reason
for such an omission, an injustice appeared to have been occasioned.

15 In Dr Heng’s case, he was fined $2,500, but he was not suspended from
practice. This called into the question why Dr Ho received a heavier sentence.
Like cases should be treated alike unless there are good reasons to depart
from the applicable precedents: see, for instance, _Tan Kay Beng v PP_ [2006]
4 SLR 10 at [45]. In fact, unlike Dr Ho, who had an unblemished record, Dr
Heng had previously been sanctioned, as well as suspended for 18 months, by
the SMC in 2004 for dispensing cough mixtures and sleeping pills too freely.
This must, surely, have served as an aggravating factor for the purposes of
sentencing in Dr Heng’s case.

16 Admittedly, there were some differences in the length of the prescriptions
between these two cases. In Dr Heng’s case, the periods of prescription ranged
from three to 12 months, and only two of the 19 patients were treated for a
year or more. In Dr Ho’s case, the periods of prescription ranged from four to
23 months, and 13 of the 19 patients were treated for a period of 12 to 23
months. Yet, these differences alone could not be described as critically
material for sentencing purposes. Even if they could be thus described, Dr
Heng’s antecedent stood in stark contrast to Dr Ho’s unblemished record. What
was particularly disturbing – and could not be papered over – was the fact
that a largely similar sentencing precedent was not drawn to the SMC’s
attention by its counsel, who ought to have known better. Given the similarity
between the two factual scenarios, we were not satisfied that the SMC would
have arrived at the decision which it did had its attention been drawn to Dr
Heng’s case. Accordingly, we found the three-month suspension to be excessive,
and ordered it to be set aside. At the same time, we ordered the fine imposed
on Dr Ho to be increased from $1,000 to $2,500 and, in view of all the
circumstances, each party to bear its own costs.

**Conclusion**

17 We hope that this case serves as a timely reminder that doctors have an
important – and continuing – duty to keep proper documentation of their
patients’ records. On the other hand, it should be emphasised that this
decision is not designed either to circumscribe the powers of the DC in future
inquiries or to set a tariff for future cases as it is only right that, as a
general rule, each case is decided on its own facts. That said, like cases
should broadly be treated similarly. The SMC and its counsel should ensure
that proper records of all previous decisions are maintained. This will ensure
that a similar oversight does not occur again. Finally, we wish to reiterate
that counsel should draw to an adjudicator’s attention all relevant material,
regardless of whether such material supports their case.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 16 Jan 2008 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

