Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Chan Yok Tuang v Public Prosecutor  
[2008] SGHC 137

Case Number | : | MA 69/2008  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 20 August 2008  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Chan Sek Keong CJ   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Surian Sidambaram (Surian & Partners) for the appellant; Francis Ng (Attorney-General's Chambers) for the respondent   
Parties | : |  Chan Yok Tuang — Public Prosecutor   
  
Criminal Law – Criminal intimidation, insult and annoyance – Elements of
offence of criminal intimidation – Whether elements fulfilled on facts  
  
Criminal Procedure and Sentencing – Charge – Doubt as to what offence
committed – Whether charge defective for failing to state threatening words in
original language  
  
Criminal Procedure and Sentencing – Revision of proceedings – Whether
appropriate for court to exercise revisionary powers  
  

20  August 2008 |  Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Chan Sek Keong CJ:

The parties

1 This is an appeal by Chan Yok Tuang (“the Appellant”) against the sentence
of three months’ imprisonment imposed by the judge (“the District Judge”) in
District Arrest Case No 39165 of 2007.

2 The Appellant had pleaded guilty to one charge of committing criminal
intimidation by threatening to cause injury to the reputation of one Senior
Staff Sergeant Jessie Lim Geok Hwee (“SSSgt Lim”) by uttering “I will shoot
her to death” in Hokkien at her, with the intent of causing her alarm (“the
Charge”). The offence of criminal intimidation is punishable under s 506 of
the Penal Code (Cap 224, 1985 Rev Ed) as follows:

**Punishment for criminal intimidation. If threat is to cause death or
grievous hurt, etc.**

**506.** Whoever commits the offence of criminal intimidation shall be
punished with imprisonment for a term which may extend to 2 years, or with
fine, or with both; and if the threat is to cause death or grievous hurt, or
to cause the destruction of any property by fire, or to cause an offence
punishable with death or with imprisonment for a term which may extend to 7
years or more, or impute unchastity to a woman, shall be punished with
imprisonment for a term which may extend to 10 years, or with fine, or with
both.

Facts of the case

3 The facts are as follows. The Appellant is a 48-year-old caretaker of a
hotel located at Lorong 18 Geylang. On 16 May 2007, SSSgt Lim and a party of
police officers were performing their routine anti-crime rounds at Lorong 16
and Lorong 18 Geylang when the Appellant spotted them and began creating a
scene. According to the agreed statement of facts (“SOF”):

3 ASP Mark Koh [(“ASP Koh”)], who was with SSSgt Lim at the time, performed a
record check using the [Appellant’s] particulars and discovered that he had
secret society records. Using the powers conferred upon him by virtue of
Section 44(2) of the Criminal Law (Temporary Provisions) Act (Cap. 67), ASP
Koh detained the [Appellant]. Shortly thereafter, the [Appellant] was brought
back to the Police Cantonment Complex lockup by ASP Koh and SSSgt Lim.

4 Whilst at the lockup, the [Appellant] was observed to be glaring
aggressively at SSSgt Lim. When ASP Koh asked him why he was behaving in this
manner, the [Appellant] snapped in Hokkien, “I will shoot her to death”,
whilst glaring at the victim. Although the [Appellant] meant that he intended
to file an adverse complaint against SSSgt Lim, SSSgt Lim understood him to be
making a threat against her life. This was uttered in the presence and hearing
of SSSgt Lim, ASP Koh, and one other police officer.

5 Following this, ASP Koh ascertained from the [Appellant] that he had uttered
the aforementioned statement as he bore a grudge against SSSgt Lim, whom he
perceived to have adversely affected his business due to her regular patrols
in Lorong 16 and 18 Geylang.

4 The Appellant’s real intention in uttering those Hokkien words was accepted
by the Prosecution and it was so stated in the SOF, which was agreed to by the
Appellant without qualification.

The District Judge’s decision

5 The Charge read:

You,

…

are charged that you on 16 May 07, at the Central Police Division lockup,
Singapore, did commit criminal intimidation by threatening to cause injury to
the reputation of SSSgt Jessie Lim Geok Hwee; to wit, by uttering “I will
shoot her to death” in Hokkien at her, with intent to cause alarm to the said
SSSgt Jessie Lim Geok Hwee, and you have thereby committed an offence
punishable under Section 506 of the Penal Code (Cap. 224).

The Appellant pleaded guilty to the Charge and also admitted to the SOF
without qualification. The District Judge accepted his plea and sentenced him
to three months’ imprisonment (see _PP v Chan Yok Tuang_ [2008] SGDC 100 (“the
GD”)).

6 In imposing the sentence of three months’ imprisonment, the District Judge
took into account the following aggravating factors:

(a) that the offence of criminal intimidation was by nature a serious one (at
[5] of the GD);

(b) that the words of threat were directed at a public servant and not just
any ordinary person on the street, and were not uttered “in the heat of the
moment” (at [6] and [9] of the GD);

(c) that the offence was committed in a police station in front of three
police officers, and was an “audacious act” which suggested a “contemptuous
disregard for lawful authorities” (at [8] of the GD); and

(d) that the Appellant was convicted in 1988 of using criminal force to deter
a public servant from discharging his duty, an offence which was of a similar
character to the present offence, but that in view of its “vintage”, the
antecedent should be given “substantially lesser” weight (at [10] of the GD).

7 Being dissatisfied with the District Judge’s decision, the Appellant
appealed against the sentence.

Proceedings on appeal

8 Counsel for the Appellant argued that the sentence was manifestly excessive
for the following reasons:

(a) The District Judge had placed undue emphasis on the fact that the words
were uttered at a police officer.

(b) The District Judge did not take into consideration the intention of the
Appellant nor did he consider the circumstances under which the words were
uttered.

(c) The District Judge did not address his mind to the fact that the Charge
averred that the threat was intended to injure the reputation of SSSgt Lim and
not to cause bodily injury.

(d) The District Judge did not direct his mind to the fact that the Appellant
had not intended any violence against SSSgt Lim but had only intended to make
an adverse complaint against her.

9 The Deputy Public Prosecutor (“DPP”), on his part, defended the District
Judge’s sentence on the following grounds:

(a) The effect of the threat on a victim is a relevant consideration in
sentencing. Since it was reasonable for SSSgt Lim to form the impression that
the Appellant was, by his words, making a threat to her life, the District
Judge did not err in treating this as an aggravating factor.

(b) The District Judge correctly considered the victim’s status as a police
officer as an aggravating factor.

(c) The location of the offence (_ie_ , a police station) was an aggravating
factor the District Judge rightly took cognisance of.

(d) The District Judge did not err in taking into account the Appellant’s
20-year-old antecedent as it was relevant to sentencing and the District Judge
recognised that the weight to be attached to this previous antecedent would be
“substantially lesser”.

(e) The District Judge had been conscious of the Appellant’s plea of guilt but
the weight to be attached to this mitigating factor was reduced because the
Appellant was caught red-handed.

(f) The threat was not uttered “in the heat of the moment” given the delay of
several hours between the arrest and the commission of the offence.

(g) The fact that no weapon was used and that no physical injury was
threatened could not be considered a mitigating factor.

Observations on the District Judge’s decision on sentence

10 In my view, the District Judge had erred in several respects in his
consideration of the relevant sentencing factors. First, even if the offence
of criminal intimidation were a serious offence, it cannot be an aggravating
factor because that was the very offence that the Appellant had been convicted
of. Secondly, it is also unhelpful to describe the offence as a serious
offence since it covers various kinds of proscribed acts which vary in degree
of gravity and some of which cannot be said to be serious. Such a blunderbuss
approach clouds the mind on what is really serious and what is not that
serious. Every offence, in a sense, is serious, but that is not the criterion
for imposing punishments on offenders. Thirdly, the SOF does not show that the
Appellant had a contemptuous disregard for public authority. The SOF shows
that the Appellant had merely intended to say that he wanted to file a
complaint against SSSgt Lim. In the present case, the error was obvious in the
light of what the Appellant had actually meant (although the evidence was
rather unsatisfactory as to what he had actually said), even assuming that
what he had meant was a threat to the reputation of SSSgt Lim. There was also
no evidence from the other two police officers of what they had heard or what
they had understood of the Appellant’s utterance. The improbability of any
sensible person sitting in a police lock-up threatening, in the presence of
two police officers, to shoot and kill a third police officer, should have
raised a doubt in the mind of the District Judge as to the intention of the
Appellant in allegedly uttering the words as stated in the Charge.

Observations on the Charge, the SOF and the plea of guilt

11 This leads me to the main concern I had after reading the SOF. It was that
the SOF did not show that the Appellant had committed the offence of criminal
intimidation. When I questioned the DPP on the legality of the conviction, he
was non-committal on the issue. It is therefore necessary for me to deal with
the facts of the case as set out in the SOF and the law on what act or
omission constitutes the offence of criminal intimidation under the Penal
Code.

12 My first observation is that although the words spoken by the Appellant
were in Hokkien, only the English translation of those words is set out in the
Charge and in the SOF. In my view, the Charge should have set out the
Appellant’s verbal threat in the language in which it was uttered (in this
case, the Chinese characters as well as the phonetic equivalent in English of
the threatening words) and an official translation of the meaning of those
words in English. The alleged words should not have been rendered in English
alone. The reasons for this requirement are plain. Words have to be understood
to have an effect on the listener. If the listener does not understand what is
said, it would be difficult to show that he or she has been intimidated or
alarmed by those words. In the present case, the SOF illustrates this very
point. SSSgt Lim apparently understood the Appellant’s utterance to mean that
he wanted to shoot and kill her, whereas what he had intended to say was that
he wanted to make an adverse complaint against her. What was said in Hokkien
was understood by SSSgt Lim in a sense entirely different from what the
Appellant had meant by his utterance.

13 My second observation is that, as a matter of evidence, unless the actual
words in the language used are set out in the Charge or the SOF (together with
an official translation in English), they cannot be proved. In the absence of
proof, there is no admissible utterance, and hence no offence can be made out.
The only argument in the present case for the Appellant’s words in Hokkien
having been “proved” is the acceptance by the Appellant and the Prosecution
that what he had said was that he had intended to make a complaint against
SSSgt Lim. But that is not what is stated to be the threatening words in the
Charge. In fact, the SOF disproves the words in English allegedly uttered by
the Appellant in Hokkien.

14 An analogous situation in civil proceedings would be a claim for damages
for defamation. If the alleged defamatory words are not proved, there can be
no defamation. In _Workers’ Party v Tay Boon Too_ [1972-1974] SLR 621, the
plaintiffs sued the defendant for slander for having said in Hokkien, at an
election rally, that the plaintiffs had received $600,000 from a foreign
source for election expenses. The statement of claim set out the defamatory
words in English but not in Hokkien. F A Chua J dismissed the claim on the
ground that there was no proof of publication because the Hokkien words had
not been pleaded. He held at 625, [25] that, in an action for slander, “the
witnesses must prove the words used”. It was not sufficient for them to state
what they had conceived to be the substance or effect of the words. On appeal,
the Court of Appeal upheld Chua J’s judgment on this point as well as other
points (see _Workers’ Party v Tay Boon Too_ [1975-1977] SLR 124).

15 The legal position is _a fortiori_ with regard to a charge for criminal
defamation or criminal intimidation since both offences depend on the effect
of the words used. If the actual words used are not set out, they cannot be
proved, and, without proof, there is no utterance which can defame or
intimidate. Furthermore, the court would not be in a position to determine
whether the actual words, by themselves, have a threatening effect on a
reasonable listener if no meaning could be attached to them at all. The
failure to set out the Hokkien words would have been fatal to the Charge but
for the fact that both the Prosecution and the Defence had agreed to the
meaning of the words intended by the Appellant.

16 My third observation is that the Charge, as stated, was incoherent in that
there is no rational nexus between the words stated to have been uttered by
the Appellant and the injury said to have been intended to be inflicted on
SSSgt Lim, _viz_ , to her reputation. The Charge states that the Appellant
committed criminal intimidation “by threatening to cause injury to the
reputation of SSSgt Jessie Lim Geok Hwee; to wit, by uttering ‘I will shoot
her to death’ in Hokkien at her, with intent to cause alarm to the said SSSgt
Jessie Lim Geok Hwee”. I find it difficult to appreciate or conceive how those
words could have injured her _reputation_. The Charge should have been
dismissed on this ground alone.

17 Surprisingly, the Appellant’s counsel at the trial below allowed the
Appellant to plead guilty to the Charge in spite of its obvious incoherence.
Equally surprising, the Appellant’s counsel before me also did not question
the legality of his client’s plea of guilt even though he had referred to the
decision of the Court of Appeal in _PP v Mohammed Liton Mohammed Syeed Mallik_
[2008] 1 SLR 601 (“ _Mohammed Liton_ ”). Instead, he submitted that what his
client had actually said in Hokkien was “wah _soot_ hor yi _see_ ” [emphasis
added] and that the word “soot” in Hokkien was the English phonetic equivalent
of “sue” or take legal action against someone. But he conceded that it could
also mean “shoot”. The Prosecution suggested that the Appellant could have
used a mixture of Hokkien and English and that the Appellant had actually
uttered: “wah _shoot_ hor yi see” [emphasis added]. I will not speculate on
the actual Hokkien words uttered by the Appellant or their meaning. The only
admissible evidence before me is what is stated in the SOF, and it is
absolutely clear from the SOF that whatever the Appellant might have said, it
was not to threaten to shoot SSSgt Lim.

What constitutes criminal intimidation under section 503 of the Penal Code

18 In _Mohammed Liton_ , the Court of Appeal held that there were two
essential elements in the offence of criminal intimidation which could be
satisfied by any of the grounds listed under s 503 of the Penal Code. The
court said, at [62], as follows:

(a) A person is threatened with any injury (the first general element):

(i) to his person, reputation or property; or

(ii) to the person or reputation of any one in whom he (_ie_ , the person
threatened) is interested.

(b) The threat is made with intent (the second general element):

(i) to cause alarm to the person threatened;

(ii) to cause that person to do any act which he is not legally bound to do as
the means of avoiding the execution of such threat; or

(iii) to cause that person to omit to do any act which he is legally entitled
to do as the means of avoiding the execution of such threat.

Both (a) _and_ (b) above must be satisfied in order for an offence under s 503
of the Penal Code to be made out, with (a) representing the _actus reus_ and
(b) representing the _mens rea_.

[emphasis in original]

19  However, the court also held, after considering the judgments of Ong Hock
Thye J in the Malaysian case of _Lee Yoke Choong v Public Prosecutor_ [1964]
MLJ 138 (“ _Lee Yoke Choong_ ”) and of Yong Pung How CJ in _Ramanathan
Yogendran v PP_ [1995] 2 SLR 563 (“ _Ramanathan Yogendran_ ”) and _Ameer Akbar
v Abdul Hamid_ [1997] 1 SLR 113 (“ _Ameer Akbar_ ”), that there was no further
necessity to show, as a matter of fact, that anyone was actually threatened.
By this, the court did not mean that the offence was committed if the words of
threat were uttered _in vacuo_ , but that the person intended to be threatened
need not feel alarmed or threatened by the words of threat.

20  In _Lee Yoke Choong_ , the facts showed that the words of threat uttered
by the appellant had no effect whatever on the victim. Ong J held that the
offence of criminal intimidation lay in the intent behind the threat, and not
its effect. In _Ramanathan Yogendran_ , Yong CJ, after referring to _Lee Yoke
Choong_ , held at 590, [112] that the victim must be “alarmed by the threat.
This was not a required element of the charge but such evidence did fortify it
to a significant extent.” However, in _Ameer Akbar_ , Yong CJ appeared to
change his position when he explained this statement as follows (at [46]):

But I must emphasise that the victim’s perception of the words must not be
confused with whether the victim was actually frightened or not. And to this
extent, the offence of criminal intimidation does not depend on the nerves of
the individual being threatened. In my opinion, this must have been what Ong J
had in mind when he stated in _Lee Yoke Choong_ … that ‘[t]he offence of
criminal intimidation lies in the intent behind a threat, not in its
_effect_.’ Thus, in _Yogendran_ ’s case, I concluded that a literal approach
to Ong J’s dicta without any qualification was inappropriate precisely because
his use of the word ‘ _effect_ ’ is likely to mislead one into thinking that
the state of mind of the victim is always irrelevant. [emphasis in original]

21 As a result, the Court of Appeal in _Mohammed Liton_ ([17] _supra_) held,
at [65], as follows:

It would thus appear that the effect of the threat on the victim is not
entirely irrelevant, but would assist the court in determining whether the
alleged offender in fact had the intention to commit the offence of criminal
intimidation. If, for example, the threat was uttered in circumstances in
which no reasonable person in the victim’s shoes could have apprehended alarm,
that would be a factor (or even a strong factor) that could be invoked by the
accused to support the argument that he did _not_ have the _requisite
intention_ to commit the offence. If, however, there is such an objective
basis for apprehension present, then it would not matter if the victim did
_not_ , _in fact_ , apprehend alarm as a result of the threat. [emphasis in
original]

In short, the offence is committed even if the victim does not feel threatened
by the words or action of the accused so long as the latter intends to cause
alarm or to cause the victim to do or omit to do certain things as the means
of avoiding the execution of such threat.

Offence not made out on the facts – no actus reus and no mens rea

22 Given the law as stated by the Court of Appeal in _Mohammed Liton_ , I am
of the view that the Charge, whether standing alone, or read with the SOF,
does not disclose any offence on the part of the Appellant as both the _actus
reus_ and the _mens rea_ of criminal intimidation were absent. __

**_Absent_ actus reus _– threat of injury to reputation_**

23 The _actus reus_ element of criminal intimidation involves a threat of
injury to person, reputation or property. The only threatening words set out
in the Charge were that the Appellant had stated that he would shoot SSSgt
Lim. However, the SOF and the arguments of counsel for the parties show that
the words set out in the Charge had not been uttered in the English sense in
which they have been reproduced in the Charge. In other words, the _actus
reus_ was not only not proved, it was contradicted by the SOF. Furthermore,
whatever SSSgt Lim might have heard or understood of the Appellant’s words,
she had never considered that they were intended to injure her reputation.

24 The District Judge attached undue weight to SSSgt Lim’s apprehension of the
Appellant’s words when instead he should have focused on what the Appellant
had meant. This is evident from the GD at [5]:

While investigation revealed that what the accused intended the words to mean
was that he would make a complaint against SSSgt Lim, the fact remains that
the words taken in their literal sense meant that he would shoot and kill her.
It was therefore natural that SSgt [_sic_] had interpreted the threat to be
made against her life and be alarmed. It would be naive to expect the victim
to respond to the threat made by asking the accused to clarify if his
utterance was intended to threaten her life or her reputation.

In this passage, the District Judge accepted the literal meaning of the words
set out in Charge. The result was that he appeared to have convicted the
Appellant for an offence for which he had not been charged, _viz_ , that he
had used words to threaten injury or death to SSSgt Lim and had thereby caused
her to be alarmed. In fact, the SOF does not state that she was alarmed at
all. Furthermore, there is no evidence as to the other two police officers’
understanding of the words uttered by the Appellant. On the contrary, on
further investigation, they were satisfied that the Appellant did not mean to
say that he would shoot SSSgt Lim. Both counsel for the Appellant and the DPP
had made submissions on what the Hokkien words used by the Appellant were and
what they meant. My only observation is that neither of them is a certified
translator and their translation of what the words meant would not be
admissible in evidence.

25 There was an obvious disconnect between the meaning of the words intended
by the Appellant (as set out in the SOF) and the meaning as understood by
SSSgt Lim. It is not really necessary for me to determine whether it was
reasonable for SSSgt Lim to have understood the words to mean what she thought
they meant or were intended to mean. The fact is that SSSgt Lim’s
understanding could not have been that the Appellant’s words amounted to a
threat to her reputation. If SSSgt Lim did not understand the Appellant’s
words as a threat to her reputation, then again there was no _actus reus_.

**_Absent_ mens rea _– intention to cause alarm_**

26 The _mens rea_ element of criminal intimidation is constituted from the
intention of the maker of the threat. The Charge proceeded on the basis that
the threat was made to injure the reputation of SSSgt Lim with the intent of
causing alarm to her. However, the SOF clearly states that what the Appellant
meant by his words was that he was going to file a complaint against SSSgt
Lim. He had neither threatened to injure her physically nor threatened to
injure her reputation with intent to cause her alarm. Whatever SSSgt Lim had
felt was not what the Appellant had intended. Therefore there was also no
_mens rea_.

27 The previous history of the relationship between the Appellant and SSSgt
Lim and the circumstances in which the Appellant was brought to the police
station and put in the lock-up throw some light on the intention of the
Appellant in uttering the alleged Hokkien words. The SOF shows that SSSgt Lim
had conducted regular patrols along Lorong 16 and Lorong 18 Geylang where the
Appellant’s hotel was situated. In his mitigation plea (which was not
contradicted by the Prosecution), counsel for the Appellant submitted that the
Appellant was aggrieved as he had been suspected of being a pimp and felt that
the regular patrols around his hotel were adversely affecting his business
although he had done nothing wrong. Against this backdrop, he was then
detained by the police officers, brought to the police station and put in the
lock-up because of his past secret society records. For these reasons, the
Appellant might have some cause to believe that he had been unfairly treated
by the police officers and, in particular, SSSgt Lim. Given the physical
environment in which the Appellant found himself, it was unlikely that he
would have been so reckless as to threaten to shoot SSSgt Lim. It was more
likely that he was venting his anger, annoyance or frustration at the manner
in which he perceived he was being treated by the police officers.

Exercise of revisionary power

28 For the above reasons, I find that the Appellant had not committed the
offence to which he had pleaded guilty. Although the appeal before me was only
against sentence, it is incumbent upon me sitting in the High Court to correct
the legality of his conviction. Accordingly, I propose to exercise my
revisionary powers under s 23 of the Supreme Court of Judicature Act (Cap 322,
2007 Rev Ed) read with ss 266 and 268 of the Criminal Procedure Code (Cap 68,
1985 Rev Ed) to set aside the conviction and acquit the Appellant of the
charge of criminal intimidation.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 20 Aug 2008 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

