Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Singapore Tourism Board v Children's Media Ltd and Others  
[2008] SGHC 77

Case Number | : | Suit 175/2006  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 27 May 2008  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Lai Siu Chiu J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Lok Vi Ming SC, Edric Pan, Loh Jen Wei, Joseph Lee, Gracie Goh and Jeannette Lim (Rodyk & Davidson LLP) for the plaintiff; Chelva Rajah SC with Srinivasan V N (Heng Leong & Srinivasan) for the defendant   
Parties | : |  Singapore Tourism Board — Children's Media Ltd; Tribute Third Millennium Limited; Anthony David Hollingsworth   
  
Companies – Incorporation of companies – Lifting corporate veil – Special
purpose vehicle used as conduit for payments – Corporate governance –
Commingling of bank accounts – Whether corporate veil pierced – Whether
company used to evade liability – Whether company used to defraud plaintiff –
Whether real contractual relationship existed between defendant companies  
  
Contract – Misrepresentation – Fraudulent – Inducement to enter contract –
Inducement to enter collateral contract – Confirmation of financing
arrangements – Intention to stage musical concert – Whether representation of
intention without honest belief constituted fraudulent misrepresentation –
Whether silence constituted fraudulent misrepresentation – Whether contract
rescinded – Whether collateral contract rescinded  
  
Evidence – Documentary evidence – Proof of contents – External auditor's
testimony used to prove truth of contents of document – Failure to call as
witness party who originally prepared documents – Legitimacy of expenditure –
Whether expert testimony can be adduced to prove contents – Whether expert
testimony reliable – Whether experts' verification process independent –
Whether experts overly deferential – Whether failure to call party as witness
gave rise to presumption that testimony will be unfavourable  
  
Trusts – Quistclose trusts – Statutory body advancing money under contract in
performance of statutory function – Whether entitled to recover money –
Whether nature of underlying transaction relevant – Whether contractual
obligations constituted purpose of advance – Whether statutory function
affected purpose of advance  
  

27 May 2008 |  Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Lai Siu Chiu J:

1 This claim arose out of the alleged failure on the part of three parties to
stage a mega event in Singapore known as “Listen Live” for which Singapore
Tourism Board (“the plaintiff” or “STB”) had paid sums totalling $6,155,250.
It poses the question – how should commercial parties negotiate the
contractual pitfalls accompanying good faith intentions in subsequent
“compromise” agreements? The dispute also illustrates the consequences that
can arise when parties fail to adequately consider the legal implications of
an “evolving” contractual arrangement occasioned by repeated failures to
perform.

The facts

2 The plaintiff is a statutory body established under the Singapore Tourism
Board Act (Cap 305B, 1997 Rev Ed), with the aim, _inter alia_ , of promoting
Singapore as a travel and tourist destination. Children’s Media Limited (“the
first defendant”) and Tribute Third Millennium Limited (“the second
defendant”) are private limited companies incorporated in the United Kingdom
with the latter being limited by guarantee. Anthony Hollingsworth (“the third
defendant”) was at all material times a director and the Chief Executive
Officer (“CEO”) of the first and second defendants. The second defendant is
the shareholder of the first defendant whilst the third defendant is the sole
shareholder of the second defendant.

3 The third defendant has/had other companies in his stable. One was The
Listen Charity, incorporated in March 1999, which was a charity organisation
to help disadvantaged children. Another was Listen Entertainment Limited
(“LEL”), incorporated earlier but which became a wholly-owned subsidiary and
the trading arm of, The Listen Charity. The third defendant used to be a
trustee of both The Listen Charity and LEL before he resigned, purportedly to
avoid a conflict of interest. In his testimony and that of some of his
witnesses, the third defendant referred to a tripartite agreement made between
the second defendant, LEL and The Listen Charity dated 4 July 2005 (“the
tripartite agreement”) which governed the relationship between the three
companies _inter-se_ and which under cl 8 thereof, allowed the second
defendant to establish subsidiaries such as the first defendant, to carry out
all or part of the second defendant’s functions. I shall return to the
tripartite agreement later.

4 In 2003, the third defendant (who professed to have a sterling reputation in
organizing musical events on an immense international scale) and his deputy
Paul Duggan (“Duggan”), approached the Singapore government’s top officials
with a proposal for an event known as Listen Live (“the Event”). The third
defendant had previously used the second defendant (which produced multimedia
entertainment campaigns to support social, political and cultural causes
culminating with global broadcasts) as a corporate vehicle to stage some major
and highly publicised events (_eg,_ Nelson Mandela’s (“Mandela”) 70th birthday
tribute and The Wall Concert).

5 The plaintiff was designated as the lead agency to negotiate with the
defendants. Over the course of a series of meetings with the plaintiff
spanning from July to September 2003, the third defendant represented that the
Event was to be the culmination of a 180-day worldwide campaign called Listen
Campaign (“the Campaign”), which would comprise a series of activities
involving well-known celebrities to be broadcast to 500 million people in over
80 countries, featuring 20 major film stars, 20 major music stars and 20 major
world dignitaries, heads of state and members of royalty and that this would
raise funds (US$92m) for the world’s most disadvantaged children.

6 The carrot dangled by the third defendant to entice Singapore’s
participation was the immense publicity that would accompany the Event. This
allegedly included: (a) US$100m worth of campaign opportunity to showcase
Singapore to 500 million people worldwide; (b) a sponsorship package providing
US$20m worth of exposure returning US$5m worth of 30-second TV and radio
commercial spots worldwide; (c) projected spending of US$18.5m in Singapore by
industry executives, foreign fans, production teams, visiting broadcasters and
press who were attending the international broadcast event; (d) projected
US$5m of ticket income; and (e) projected employment of 16,000 man-days.

_**The First Agreement**_

7 The negotiations led to the signing of an agreement on 16 January 2004 (“the
First Agreement”) between the plaintiff and the first defendant – which the
third defendant said was a Special Purpose Vehicle (“SPV”) specially created
to hold the rights to artistes, to ensure that such rights could not be
exploited for events other than the Campaign.

8 Under the First Agreement (see AB1-34), the plaintiff was obliged to pay the
sum of $12,832,500 comprising of: (a) an underwriting sum of $4,132,500
(recoverable from ticket sales for the Event) and (b) a sponsorship sum of
$8,700,000 (to buy media coverage of an equivalent or greater value).
(Hereinafter, the plaintiff’s advances or payments to the defendants will be
referred to collectively as “the sponsorship sums”). In return, the first
defendant was obliged to procure the necessary artistes, broadcasters and
financing to stage the Event, in particular, “Core Finance”, which was
budgeted at $35,104,500, and crucial to the successful staging of the Event.
The deadlines providing for the fulfilment of these obligations were time-
sensitive as the First Agreement stipulated that the Event “must be staged
latest by March 2005”. For example, cl 8.2 of the First Agreement provided
that if the first defendant failed to confirm that it had raised Core Finance
180 days prior to the staging of the Event, the first defendant could
terminate the First Agreement. In that event, the company was obliged to
return whatever sponsorship sums the plaintiff had paid.

9 Notwithstanding the contractual timelines, the first defendant failed to
procure the necessary artistes, broadcasters or financing required under the
First Agreement, attributing this to external events beyond its control and
which diverted attention from its fund-raising attempts (_eg_ , the tsunami
that hit Asia at end 2004). The plaintiff accepted this explanation and agreed
to the defendants’ request for several consequential amendments to the terms
of the First Agreement.

_**The Second Agreement**_

10 The defendants’ requests culminated in another agreement dated 24 March
2005 (“the Second Agreement”) (see AB35-66) between the parties to capture and
reflect the extensive variations to the terms of the First Agreement; these
included a more front-loaded payment schedule for the sponsorship sums as well
as a reduction of the key deliverables for the confirmation of artistes and
broadcasters. This appeared to be a gesture of good faith on the plaintiff’s
part since it could have legally terminated the First Agreement at that time
and demanded refund of all sponsorship sums it had paid to the defendants.
Clause 8.2 from the First Agreement was retained with amendments - the period
for confirmation of Core Finance was reduced to 130 days while the right to
terminate was available to both parties instead of only being available to the
first defendant (see [31] below).

_Core Finance under the Second Agreement_

11 On 23 May 2005 (see AB2203), which was the final day for the first
defendant to confirm that it had raised Core Finance, the company purported to
give confirmation to the plaintiff that Core Finance had been raised in the
sum of $38,876,496.14. This allegedly comprised of, _inter alia_ , Past
Development Expenditure (£3,423,901), an Abi-Art guarantee (US$500,000), an
Audience Response Company (“ARC”) guarantee (€1m), a loan from one Stuart
Clenaghan (“SC loan”) of £2.5m, as well as the plaintiff’s total commitment of
$12,832,500 plus $5.1m from Singapore Airlines (“SIA”).

12 Although the plaintiff had serious misgivings about the purported
constitution of Core Finance under the Second Agreement (which will be
elaborated upon below in [64]-[67]), it made a decision to “acknowledge”,
without prejudice to its rights, that the first defendant had confirmed Core
Finance, so as to enable the Event to proceed.

_**Events leading to the Third Agreement**_

13 Under the Second Agreement, the first defendant was also required to
confirm the attendance and identities of the first batch of Core Event
Artistes and Core Broadcasters at least 130 days prior to the staging of the
Event (_viz_ by about 23 May 2005). Despite having more time to procure the
necessary artistes and broadcasters, the defendants were still unable to meet
the timelines stipulated. Again, they blamed their inability to comply with
the stipulated timelines on extraneous factors such as a competing event
called Live 8 (which was held on 2 July 2005), as well as the terrorist
bombings in London and Cairo.

14 As a result of the first defendant’s failure to meet these milestones, it
became apparent that the defendants would not be in a position to stage the
Event between 16 September 2005 and 1 October 2005 as envisaged under the
Second Agreement. Between July and August 2005, several meetings were called
to discuss how the parties could proceed in the light of the first defendant’s
failure to meet its obligations under the Second Agreement.

15 One of these meetings was convened on 11 August 2005 and attended by the
third defendant, Duggan and five representatives from the plaintiff. At this
meeting, the third defendant informed the plaintiff that The Listen Charity
Trustees were of the view that the Event could not proceed within the existing
timeframe and should therefore be cancelled. At this juncture, the plaintiff
could have terminated the Second Agreement and sued for the return of the
sponsorship sums it had paid.

16 However, the plaintiff alleged that at this crucial meeting, the third
defendant represented that if the plaintiff could agree to a postponement, the
defendants were confident that the Event could still be staged. In reliance on
this material representation, the plaintiff agreed to a postponement of the
Event and entered into yet another agreement on 18 August 2005 (“the Third
Agreement”) (see AB 67-89), which provided that staging of the Event would be
postponed to April 2006. There was also a side letter signed between the
plaintiff and the first defendant dated 18 August 2005 (“the side letter”) (at
AB1602-1603), which material portions stated:

a both the prior agreements between STB and [the first defendant] dated 16
January 2004 and 24 March 2005 (“Prior Agreements”) shall be deemed terminated
upon the signing of the revised Sponsorship Agreement on Listen Live;

b neither… have any claim whatsoever arising from or in connection with any of
the Prior Agreements against the other and even if such claims exist, both
parties hereby waive all of its rights against the other in respect of those
claims; and

c neither party has any further obligations to the other arising from or in
connection with any of the Prior Agreements. In this respect, the parties also
agree that notwithstanding STB’s letter to [the first defendant] dated 16 June
2004, STB is hereby released from its obligations to enter into any further
agreements with [the first defendant] in respect of any future Listen
Campaigns and Listen Live.

17 However, despite the Third Agreement, the third defendant claimed by his
letter dated 5 January 2006 (AB1696) that the first defendant was unable to
confirm Core Finance under the Third Agreement by 28 December 2005 and
purported to terminate the same on this basis. Subsequent suggestions by the
plaintiff to further postpone the Event were rejected by the defendants.

_The pleadings_

18 The plaintiff’s pleadings contained numerous allegations, which portrayed a
pattern of discreditable conduct, non-performance, slipshod and/or fraudulent
fulfilment of contractual obligations on the part of the defendants. The
plaintiff’s claim was premised on the following causes of action: (a)
repudiatory breach of contract; (b) fraudulent and/or negligent
misrepresentations; (c) total failure of consideration; and (d) breach of
trust. Pursuant thereto, the plaintiff sought against all the defendants on a
joint and several basis, refund of all sponsorship sums as well as damages for
breach of contract.

19 The defendants, on the other hand, categorically denied any attempts to
cast aspersions on their good faith and competence. The defendants submitted
that they did not misrepresent the truth to the plaintiff, but genuinely
believed and intended for the Event to be staged. In any event, the defendants
insisted, they were contractually entitled to terminate the Third Agreement
with no further obligations. Alternatively, the defendants alleged that the
plaintiff was itself in repudiatory breach of its own obligations in any event
– the plaintiff had failed to give the requisite notice to the defendants to
rectify its breaches.

20 The defendants rejected any assertion of joint and several liability on the
basis that the plaintiff well knew that the first defendant was specifically
set up as a SPV to limit the defendants’ liability. Finally, the defendants
counterclaimed for damages for misrepresentation on the basis that they had
suffered loss and damages as a result of the alleged failure of the plaintiff
to adequately fulfil its sponsorship obligations.

21 The task of determining the many issues involved was not made any easier by
the parties’ conflicting versions of events during the 15 days’ trial with the
plaintiff calling six witnesses (including its CEO Lim Neo Chian (“Lim”))
while the defendants sought to prove their defence and the counterclaim
through the third defendant, Duggan and nine other witnesses.

_The plaintiff’s case_

22 In summary, the thrust of the plaintiff’s case was premised on attempts to
show the lack of competence and _bona fides_ on the part of the defendants,
who, at best, lacked the ability and resources to stage the Event and, at
worst, fraudulently induced and manipulated the plaintiff into disbursing the
sponsorship sums.

23 The plaintiff sought a rescission of the Third Agreement and refund of the
sponsorship sums as well as damages for breach of contract, based on a multi-
pronged attack. First, it submitted that the defendants were in repudiatory
breach of the Third Agreement for failing to confirm Core Finance and for
failing to make reasonable efforts to raise Core Finance. Second, the
plaintiff claimed that the defendants fraudulently and/or negligently
misrepresented that the Event would proceed if the plaintiff agreed to a
postponement, thus entitling the defendants to rescind the Third Agreement.
Third, the plaintiff alleged a total failure of consideration on the
defendants’ part by virtue of their failure to stage the Event and asserted
that the defendants had been unjustly enriched thereby. Finally, the plaintiff
insisted that the sponsorship sums were to be used only to stage the Event and
that the defendants had acted in breach of trust by applying those funds for
improper/other purposes.

24 Pursuant to the foregoing causes of action, the plaintiff further averred
that the defendants were jointly and severally liable for damages and sought
the return of the sponsorship sums on the basis that: (a) the first defendant
was a sham or mere front for the second and third defendants; (b) the third
defendant was the alter ego of the first defendant; (c) the third defendant
had dishonestly assisted the first defendant to breach its obligations to the
plaintiff by, _inter alia_ , assisting the first defendant to act in breach of
trust through the improper use of the sponsorship sums; (d) the first and the
second defendants operated as a single economic entity and/or functional
whole; and (e) the first defendant entered into the three agreements with the
plaintiff as agent for the second defendant and/or the third defendant.

_The defendants’ case_

25 The defendants’ contention was that the plaintiff only contracted with the
first defendant. As such, there was no basis for the plaintiff to sue either
the second or the third defendants. The first defendant pointed out that the
First Agreement allowed _only_ the first defendant to terminate the agreement
if Core Finance was not raised, while the Second and Third Agreements allowed
_either party_ to terminate the agreement if Core Finance could not be raised.
The first defendant also pointed out that its contractual relationship with
the plaintiff was in respect of the entire Campaign and not just the Event –
the first defendant was to organise and produce the Campaign and the Event was
one of many elements within that overall Campaign.

26 The first defendant contended it was not required to refund any part of the
sponsorship sums because those monies had been committed and/or expended on
the cost of marketing and organising the Campaign and the Event prior to 18
August 2005. The plaintiff was also not entitled to a refund of sponsorship
sums because there was no refund clause in the Third Agreement unlike the
First and Second Agreements, while the side letter specifically stated that
neither party had any claim whatsoever arising from the First or the Second
Agreements.

27 As for the plaintiff’s allegations on misrepresentation, the first
defendant maintained that it had never given an unconditional assurance to the
plaintiff that the Campaign and the Event would definitely be held.

_The findings_

28 For convenience, this judgment will be subdivided into sections, adhering
to the framework of the plaintiff’s allegations, which dealt with separate
legal and factual issues.

_Repudiatory breach of the Third Agreement_

29 The plaintiff’s allegation of repudiatory breach of the Third Agreement was
premised on the defendants’ failure to confirm Core Finance and to make
reasonable efforts to raise Core Finance.

Failure to confirm Core Finance

30 The legal effect of the defendants’ purported termination of the Third
Agreement (at [17]) hinged on the rights and obligations of the parties as
contained in the Third Agreement, the relevant sections of which are
reproduced below.

31 The clauses relating to termination by the defendants and its effect are
the following:

8.2 For the avoidance of doubt, the parties agree that in the event that [the
first defendant] fails to make the confirmation with respect to Core Finance
(as referred to in **Clause 3.7** above) on or before one hundred (100) days
prior to the staging of Listen Live, either party may terminate this Agreement
by giving written notice to the other party.

8.4 On such termination all rights and obligations of the parties set out in
this agreement shall cease and neither party shall have any further liability
to the other hereunder. This shall be without prejudice to any right or remedy
that [the plaintiff] may have against [the first defendant] for any breach of
this Agreement and shall be without prejudice to any right or remedy that [the
first defendant] may have against [the plaintiff] for any breach of this
Agreement.

32 To constitute repudiation, the threatened breach must be such as to deprive
the injured party of a substantial part of the benefit to which he is entitled
under the contract. The applicable test is whether the consequences of the
breach are such that it will be unfair to the injured party to hold it to the
contract and leave it to its remedy in damages as and when a breach occurred
(_Highness Electrical Engineering Pte Ltd v Sigma Cable Co (Pte) Ltd_ [2006] 3
SLR 640 at [8] to [11]). Upon the occurrence of a repudiatory breach, the
innocent party has a right to elect to accept the repudiation and treat the
contract as at an end or to treat the contract as alive and subsisting (_Brown
Noel Trading Pte Ltd v Donald McArthy Pte Ltd_ [1997] 1 SLR 1).

33 Indeed, cl 8.2 of the Third Agreement essentially echoed the common law
position on the consequences that follow a repudiatory breach, except that it
modified the position by allowing both the plaintiff and the guilty party,
_viz,_ the first defendant, to terminate the agreement. In practical terms, it
removed the right of election for the innocent party to treat the contract as
subsisting. The logical explanation proffered by the plaintiff for this was,
that without Core Finance, the Event simply could not proceed.

34 Although cl 8.2 took away the plaintiff’s right of election, I am of the
view that it did not also constitute a waiver of any breach or the consequent
right to damages, a conclusion that is reinforced by cl 8.4, which
specifically assured that it is “without prejudice to any right or remedy that
the plaintiff may have against the first defendant for any breach of this
Agreement”. Whilst the plaintiff retained the right to sue for damages
occasioned by such breach, whether such a breach did in fact occur is quite
another matter altogether.

35 The plaintiff had pleaded a breach of cl 3.7 of the Third Agreement, which
obliged the first defendant “at its own cost” to:

Use reasonable efforts to secure SGD 30 million of sponsorship funds and
financing to cover the cost of organising, staging and producing the Listen
Campaign including Listen Live (“Core Finance”) from all available sources…

Further [the first defendant] shall provide evidence to [the plaintiff], at
least one hundred (100) days prior to the Listen Live being held, that the
Core Finance has been provided and/or raised and/or guaranteed which [the
plaintiff] shall acknowledge (such acknowledgement not to be unreasonably
withheld or delayed).

36 In the light of the factual matrix, the plaintiff asserted that the first
defendant was obliged to:

(a) use reasonable efforts to raise Core Finance from all available sources;
and

(b) provide evidence of Core Finance 100 days before the Event.

37 The plaintiff interpreted the heading to cl 3, _viz_ , “CML’s Duties and
Obligations” and the prefatory words to the clause, _viz_ ,“CML shall at its
own cost”, to mean that the first defendant was obliged to stage the Event at
its own cost. Clause 3 of the Third Agreement states:

3.1 Organise, promote and produce the Listen Campaign strictly in accordance
with the timetable and schedule set out in **Appendix A**. Any change to
**Appendix A** shall be agreed upon in writing between the parties in advance.

3.2 As part of the Listen Campaign, stage Listen Live strictly in accordance
with **Appendix** B and procure the global broadcast thereof.

38 The plaintiff argued that such an interpretation was not inconsistent with
cl 3.7 (at [35]) as the first defendant was to use reasonable efforts to raise
Core Finance from third parties failing which the first defendant was obliged
to provide Core Finance at its own cost. In support, the plaintiff relied on
the following extract (at p 299 para 9.08) from Kim Lewison, _The
Interpretation of Contracts_ (Sweet & Maxwell, 3rd Ed, 2004):

If a clause in a contract is followed by a later clause which destroys the
effect of the first clause, the later clause is to be rejected as repugnant
and the earlier clause prevails. If however, the later clause can be read as
qualifying rather than destroying the effect of the earlier clause, then the
two are to be read together, and effect given to both.

39 The plaintiff also referred to the testimony of Ken Low (at N/E 24) and
Lynette Pang (“Lynette”) (at N/E 19-22) to support its argument that such an
interpretation was the understanding of the plaintiff’s representatives.

40 The plaintiff contended that the defendants’ obligation to stage the Event
was absolute (relying on cl 10.6 of the Third Agreement) as the plaintiff was
paying the defendants in excess of $12m for a concert to be staged and not
merely for the defendants’ efforts to try to stage the Event. It was therefore
not open to the defendants to argue that a term should be implied to the
effect that the Event would only be staged if Core Finance was raised and that
the defendants were not responsible and did not have to stage the same if they
had used reasonable efforts to raise Core Finance, but had failed to do so
(see their closing submissions filed on 4 January 2008 para 111).
Consequently, the plaintiff argued, the first defendant was in breach _inter
alia_ of cll 3.1. 3.2 and 3.7 of the Third Agreement when it failed to provide
evidence of Core Finance.

Failure to use reasonable efforts to raise Core Finance

41 The plaintiff also asserted that the first defendant failed to use
reasonable efforts to raise Core Finance under the Third Agreement on the
basis that (a) the defendants refused to apply Core Finance raised under the
Second Agreement towards Core Finance under the Third Agreement; (b) the
defendants’ alleged plan (by way of setting up a new company for
merchandising) was futile; (c) and the defendants had a secret plan to replace
the Event in Singapore with one in New York.

42 Consequently, the plaintiff submitted that the defendants should not be
allowed to rely on their purported right to terminate the Third Agreement
under cl 3.7. The defendants’ breach was self-induced and it would run counter
to the maxim _Ex dolo Malo Non Oritur Actio_ (no man can be allowed to found a
claim upon his own wrongdoing) to exonerate them.

_Fraudulent and/or negligent misrepresentation_

43 The issue of fraudulent and/or negligent misrepresentation requires a
revisit of the events leading up to and culminating in the Third Agreement.
The plaintiff painted an unflattering picture of the defendants’ insidious
and/or reckless attempts to induce STB to enter into the Third and final
“compromise” Agreement as a prelude to getting out of their responsibilities
and liabilities under the Second Agreement.

The law of misrepresentation

44 The principles governing the tort of deceit or fraudulent misrepresentation
were succinctly set out in _Panatron Pte Ltd and Another v Lee Cheow Lee_ _and
Another_ [2001] 3 SLR 405 (“ _Panatron Pte Ltd”_) (at [13] and [14]) as
follows:

The law as regards fraudulent representation is clear…

…Basically there are the following essential elements. First, there must be a
representation of fact made by words or conduct. Second, the representation
must be made with the intention that it should be acted upon by the plaintiff,
or by a class of persons which includes the plaintiff. Third, it must be
proved that the plaintiff had acted upon the false statement. Fourth, it must
be proved that the plaintiff suffered damage by so doing. Fifth, the
representation must be made with knowledge that it is false; it must be
wilfully false, or at least made in the absence of any genuine belief that it
is true.

45 Notably, the Court of Appeal held (at [23]) that the misrepresentations
need not be the sole inducement to the respondents, so long as they had played
a real and substantial part and operated on their minds, no matter how strong
or how many were the other factors which played their part in inducing them to
act. In addition, the Court of Appeal held (at [24]) that it was no defence
that the respondents acted incautiously and failed to take those steps to
verify the truth of the representations which a prudent man would have taken.

46 As for negligent misrepresentations, these are representations made
carelessly, or without reasonable grounds for believing them to be true (see
_Chitty on Contracts_ (Sweet & Maxwell, 29th Ed, 2004) in Vol 1 at para
6-066). Silence or an omission to inform the other side of pertinent facts may
also constitute misrepresentation. In _Trans-World (Aluminium) Ltd v Cornelder
China (Singapore)_ [2003] 3 SLR 501, the court held (at [68]) that
misrepresentation by silence involved a wilful suppression of material and
important facts and an intention to deceive. Indeed, the primary difference
between negligent and fraudulent misrepresentations appears to be whether the
defendant had any honest belief in the truth of the representations made.

47 I return to the facts now. There is little doubt that the plaintiff was
highly impressed by what the third defendant initially represented as his
credentials, as reflected in an email from Oliver Chong (“Chong”) to Lim dated
19 April 2004 (at AB1835), so much so that Lim was prompted thereby to
approach Temasek Holdings’ chief executive Ho Ching on 10 May 2004 (at AB1837)
for sponsorship. The information contained in Chong’s email on the Event could
only have come from the defendants. (Chong was then the plaintiff’s Director
of Lifestyle and Events). However, the credit for the two mammoth events cited
by the defendants to support their credentials should not have been solely
attributed to the third defendant and/or his organisational abilities. I refer
specifically to Mandela’s 70th birthday tribute held on 11 June 1998 (see
above[4]) at Wembley Stadium. It was a British singer called Jerry Dammers who
initiated that concert which was also called the Free Nelson Mandela concert
as at the time, Mandela was still incarcerated (for 27 years) and he was only
released from prison on 11 February 1990. Amongst apartheid opponents both in
South Africa and worldwide, Mandela was an iconic symbol of freedom and
equality; he was and still is immensely popular. Consequently, there was no
lack of international entertainment personalities who were willing to
participate in the concert. 72,000 people attended the concert while more than
600 million television viewers from 60 countries watched the broadcast of the
same.

48 As for the Wall Concert held on 21 July 1990 to commemorate the fall of the
Berlin wall, it was produced and funded entirely by Roger Waters from the pop
group Pink Floyd. The concert’s venue was at (part of) the former “no man’s
land” between East and West Berlin. The coming down of the Berlin wall was
symbolic of the fall of communism and hence the Wall Concert attracted a sell-
out crowd of over 200,000 people, which figure according to the media, doubled
just before the performance began.

49 Consequently, while the third defendant and his companies may have been
engaged to take charge of the logistics and the nitty gritties involved in
presenting such mammoth events, they can hardly take credit for
organising/producing either concert. Even if the third defendant was to be
given due credit for the two events, I would say this was a case where two or
more swallows did not make a summer. (According to the second defendant’s
brochures at AB201-269, it had organised seven other similar events).

Alleged misrepresentations

50 The first set of representations complained of by the plaintiff related to
the authenticity and enforceability of Core Finance. In this regard, there was
little doubt on the evidence that the defendants’ confirmation of Core Finance
was achieved by a combination of loans and financing arrangements with
friendly and/or related parties, in order to create the illusion that
financing was in place so as to trigger payment of the sponsorship sums from
the plaintiff.

51 Although, there were inconsistencies in the parties’ version of events
relating to the meeting of 11 August 2005 (regarding which the plaintiff’s
witnesses had testified that the third defendant gave an unequivocal assurance
that if the Event was postponed, it could be successfully staged), there was
no indication that the defendants had experienced or expected to face
difficulties in raising Core Finance.

52 Relying on minutes of the meeting allegedly recorded by Duggan, the
defendants claimed that they had repeatedly informed Lim at that meeting that
“all the money is gone”, whereas the minutes recorded by the plaintiff’s Hazel
Teh Choon Mei (“Hazel”) contained no mention that such a statement was made.
In this regard, the court was informed that Duggan’s minutes were only made
available after the defendants were compelled to do so by two discovery
applications taken out by the plaintiff, who took the position that those
minutes were a “blatant and complete fabrication”. The defendants first
informed the plaintiff that Duggan’s minutes existed, in a letter on 10 March
2006 from the first defendant written by the third defendant, which contained
the following cryptic comment (at AB1721 at para 4):

Paul and I have consulted the detailed notes we made before and during those
meetings and it is clear that what I have summarised above and previously is
true.

The question that comes to mind is – why were Duggan’s notes not revealed
earlier? Moreover, unlike Hazel who was seen to be taking notes (which the
defendants admitted), none of the plaintiff’s witnesses who attended the
meeting saw either the third defendant or Duggan making any notes. Duggan’s
lame explanation on the lateness of disclosure of his minutes (the notes were
stored away, then misplaced, but subsequently found after strenuous searches)
did not answer the question why their existence was not revealed _soon after_
the meeting, but only in March 2006.

53 I should point out that the same criticism of late discovery was levelled
against the plaintiff by the defendants. The defendants’ closing submissions
pointed out that Hazel’s notes of the same meeting were only given to the
first defendant on 28 November 2006, after the defendants had taken out an
application for discovery and the defendants alleged that the plaintiff did
not offer any explanation for the late discovery.

54 I would add that Chong (PW6), who had extensive dealings with the third
defendant, had categorically denied the defendants’ version of what was said
at the meeting on 11 August 2005 in the following terms (see N/E 288):

Q: --it was a deal breaker for obvious reasons because the money had all gone.
Mr Hollingsworth had told you that there was no more money left.

A: I disagree categorically with that.

And at N/E 289:

A: At no time did Tony tell us that the monies that we have given out to him
has been spent, at no time. Not---

…

A: ---at that 11th August meeting, not even during the negotiations, not once.

…

A: Because it would have been a deal breaker for us too, if all monies have
gone, how else he’s going to do the event? And we can’t just write off 6
million, Mr, er, Mr Chelva. $6 million of public funds to be just written off?
I mean, that is inconceivable. If it had been told to us that $6 million had
been gone at the 11th August meeting, what will you do? Would we still go on?
Would we still believe that the event can go on? No.

55 Having had the opportunity to observe the demeanour of the parties and
assessed their conflicting accounts of what transpired at the meeting, I am
inclined to disbelieve Duggan and the third defendant. I accept the version of
Chong as well as the plaintiff’s other witness who attended the meeting, _viz_
, Hazel (PW3). Hazel’s minutes were exhibited (also at PB46-47) in and
narrated at para 8 of her affidavit of evidence-in-chief. The defendants’
version was to be found in Duggan’s written testimony (at exhibit DG-48).

56 Having dealt with the law on misrepresentation, I turn now to the facts. At
the meetings between the parties in July/August 2005, the defendants made
various representations that the Event could/would only be held if it was
postponed and a new agreement entered into. The defendants never informed the
plaintiff that Core Finance would be a problem. It was the plaintiff’s case
that the defendants’ conduct was intended to and did induce the plaintiff to
enter into the Third Agreement as the plaintiff fully relied on the
representations. It was no defence for the defendants to plead (in para 135 of
the Defence and Counterclaim) that the plaintiff had a duty to make its own
independent decision with regard to the three agreements. In any case, acting
incautiously and failing to take steps to verify the truth of representations
on the part of the misrepresentee is no defence to the tort (see _Panatron Pte
Ltd_ ([44] _supra_)).

57 The plaintiff further accused the defendants of fraudulent
misrepresentation. In order to find a way to evade their obligations to refund
the plaintiff’s monies under cl 8.2, STB alleged that the defendants exploited
a weakness in the plaintiff they had noted since the time of the First
Agreement, _viz_ , that the plaintiff would bend over backwards to accommodate
the defendants because of the plaintiff’s anxiety to ensure that the Event was
held in Singapore. This can be seen from the fact that although the first
instalment of 15% ($8.7m) of the sponsorship sums under the First Agreement
was only due on the defendants’ confirmation of Core Finance having been
raised, the plaintiff had acceded to the third defendant’s email request of 16
June 2004 to advance the sponsorship sums prior to confirmation of Core
Finance. Hence, the plaintiff remitted to the first defendant $435,000 (5% of
the sponsorship sums) on 16 July 2004.

58 After the Second Agreement was signed (24 March 2005), the plaintiff
disbursed further sums totalling $5,720,250 between 22 June and 1 July 2005.
The defendants took advantage of the plaintiff’s weakness and declared on 11
August 2005 that they would not proceed with the Event unless the plaintiff
agreed to an extension. The third defendant with the undoubted collusion of
Duggan informed the plaintiff’s representatives that the refund condition in
cl (8.2) was a deal breaker. This was not only not denied by the defendants,
but put to Chong by their counsel prompting Chong’s indignant outburst set out
in [54]. The plaintiff submitted this was in reality a threat as the
defendants well knew that the plaintiff had little choice but to agree, having
already disbursed S$6.1m to the defendants.

59 It was therefore absurd of the defendants to suggest (in their submissions
filed on 31 January 2008 at para 71) that the condition to refund sponsorship
sums was removed from cl 8.2 because it was recognised that the plaintiff’s
monies had all been spent. It bears repeating that the plaintiff’s
representatives who attended the meeting on 11 August 2005 had all testified
that at no point were they told that the sponsorship sums had been spent. If
indeed as Duggan’s minutes recorded, the third defendant did say to the
plaintiff’s five attendees at the meeting (more than once) that “your money,
ours is all gone”, it beggars belief that Lim as the CEO of a statutory board,
and his officers, would still want to go ahead with the Event, sink more money
into the venture and waive the refund requirement under cl 8.2 of the Second
Agreement. Had the plaintiff’s representatives known that the defendants had
dissipated $6.1m in less than three months as the third defendant claimed in
these proceedings, the plaintiff would not have agreed to postpone the Event,
let alone entered into the Third Agreement. Instead, the plaintiff would have
terminated the Second Agreement immediately, demanded and then sued the
defendants for, refund of the sponsorship sums.

60 The plaintiff argued that the only conclusion one can draw from the
defendants’ actions was that the defendants engaged in an elaborate charade by
holding discussions that led to the Third Agreement, so as to induce the
plaintiff to relinquish its rights to a refund. The plaintiff accused the
defendants of orchestrating the meetings in July and August 2005 in order to
deceive the plaintiff. As it turned out, the plaintiff was indeed deceived
because the defendants had no intention of staging the Event at all.

61 The plaintiff relied on subsequent events to buttress its accusation that
the defendants had practised deceit. First, on 12 August 2005, the third
defendant sent an email to the plaintiff’s legal officer, Purnima Shantilal,
(at AB1167) claiming it was the plaintiff that asked for a postponement. Chong
set the record straight by his email to the third defendant of 13 August 2005
(at AB1166). The third defendant then wrote to the plaintiff’s Assistant CEO
Chan Tat Hon (“Chan”) on 13 August 2005 (at AB1165) asking Chan to write to
the third defendant to the effect that it was the plaintiff who asked for the
postponement; Chan did not accede to the request.

62 Second, unbeknownst to the plaintiff, the defendants were secretly making
arrangements to stage the Event in New York in July 2006 instead of in
Singapore and had even booked Madison Square Gardens as the venue. Third, the
defendants were unable to offer any credible explanation as to why they could
not apply a single cent of the Core Finance they confirmed they had raised
(exceeding $38m) under the Second Agreement towards the Core Finance under the
Third Agreement when it was for a lesser sum of $30m. Nor could the defendants
explain why all preparatory work done under the Second Agreement could not be
or was not channelled to the Third Agreement.

63 The defendants’ witness, Arvind Singh (DW10), had conceded (at N/E 1295,
1305 and 1323) that certain items paid for earlier could have been recycled
even if the Event was postponed to a later date. Instead, the third defendant
offered an absurd explanation (at N/E 527) that although the amount of Core
Finance to be raised under the Third Agreement was less than under the Second
Agreement, the sum was actually greater because it entailed raising entirely
fresh capital. On the other hand, if indeed the defendants had raised Core
Finance under the Third Agreement or could have it easily available from the
Second Agreement, they had wilfully and deliberately concealed it from the
plaintiff.

64 Earlier (at [12]), I had alluded to the plaintiff’s misgivings on the Core
Finance items. Chong had questioned (in paras 79 to 81 of his affidavit of
evidence in chief (“AEIC”) several items that comprised the Core Finance.
First, Chong questioned how past development expenditure could qualify as
funds available to stage the Event. He also entertained doubts over the
alleged guarantee of US$500,000 from ABI-Art Brokerage Inc (ABI) and the
guarantee arrangement of €1m between ARC and the first defendant.

65 The guarantee of US$500,000 was from ABI, a Californian company, in favour
of the first defendant as well as in favour of LEL (see [3]). ABI was in the
business of selling and marketing fine art. Chong opined that it was
impossible to know how much of that guarantee the first defendant could call
upon. The defendants had produced an agreement dated 13 May 2005 (at AB 2210)
between ABI and the first defendant wherein ABI agreed to “produce limited
edition high-end multimedia embellished copies of limited edition artwork
(that would be produced by 20 core visual artistes) and would arrange for the
signing of the limited edition artwork by the core visual artistes” (see cl
2.10 of the agreement).

66 As for the ARC guarantee of €1m, the third defendant had testified that ARC
was an abbreviation for Audience Response Company Pte Ltd, a Singapore company
the third defendant had incorporated in which he and Duggan were the only
shareholders. ARC had signed an agreement dated 20 May 2005 with the first
defendant wherein ARC agreed to provide the first defendant with an audience
response mechanism that would, _inter alia_ , allow the public to respond to
the Campaign in not less than three languages.

67 Then there was the SC loan. This was a loan taken from the third
defendant’s friend (from their tertiary education days together). The third
defendant testified that SC (who had become a successful banker) agreed to
provide a stand-by loan/guarantee for a sum of £2.5m to the first defendant.
The loan would only be made available between 20 September 2005 and 20 January
2006, on the understanding that the Event would be held in Singapore between
30 September and 1 October 2005. The SC loan was evidenced in an agreement
dated 20 May 2005 between SC and the first defendant; a fee of 1% (£25,000) of
the loan was payable on the date of the agreement and a further 7% (£175,000)
was payable on 30 June 2005. The cost of the loan was therefore £200,000
(£25,000 + £175,000).

68 After the defendants had terminated the Third Agreement and claimed they
were unable to refund the plaintiff the sponsorships sums, one item of
expenditure for which the third defendant used the sponsorship sums was part-
payment (on 20 May 2005) of interest on the SC loan. This was stated in the
report dated 15 August 2007 of their expert witness Kaka Singh (“Singh”) and
by the third defendant’s own admission (at N/E559). Singh had apparently
verified with SC that the latter received £12,500 from the defendants. I
should add that notwithstanding that the defendants paid interest on the SC
loan, they replaced it with another loan (the Nexus loan).

_Other breaches_

69 Consequent on the defendants’ failure to stage the Event, the plaintiff
pointed to a whole host of ancillary obligations (relating to various matters
such as corporate hospitality packages, press releases, ticket sales,
insurance policies etc.) in the Third Agreement that had fallen due at the
point of the defendants’ repudiation, but were not performed, contending that
these constituted separate anticipatory breaches for which the plaintiff was
entitled to damages. It was further contended that these breaches evinced an
intention on the part of the defendants to be no longer bound by the Second
and Third Agreements.

70 The plaintiff _inter alia_ complained that the defendants failed to:

(a) organise, promote and produce the Campaign in accordance with the
timelines and schedule set out in the Second and Third Agreements;

(b) provide Sponsorship benefits; and

(c) furnish the identities of Core Campaign Artistes, Core Event artistes and
Core Broadcasters.

71 The most damning evidence that the defendants had no intention of staging
the Event in Singapore was to be seen from the fact that they took no steps to
confirm artistes or broadcasters for the Third Agreement despite the
postponement of the Event. Their public relations man and promoter, Ng Geng
Whye (“Ng”) (DW11) of GW Agency, had during his cross-examination (at N/E
1342/1343) admitted:

(a) the defendants were unable to tell him to go public with the names of
participating artistes (save for four Asian/Chinese artistes);

(b) in August 2005, he did not know for a fact if there were other confirmed
artistes;

(c) he only had the names of artistes that were announced in the June 2005
press conference and thereafter he received no further confirmation of names
that he could release to the public because the defendants themselves did not
have the confirmation; and

(d) he had sold only 60 tickets five weeks before the Event.

72 Ng revealed that as of the date of the press conference held in Singapore
on 17 June 2005, only four regional/local artistes viz David Tao, A-Do, Kit
Chan and Wang Lee Hom were confirmed. Ng was paid US$43,220 and $113,200 for
his services which included opening a bank account in the name of GW Agency
for the defendants. He disclosed that on the instructions of the third
defendant and Duggan, he was told to cease work and he closed the bank account
on 27 August 2005.

_Misuse of funds/Breach of trust_

73 The next issue related to the defendants’ alleged failure to account for
the expenditure of the sponsorship funds.

Misuse of funds

74 The plaintiff alleged that the defendants repeatedly failed to disclose
documents showing how and when the plaintiff’s funds were disbursed, despite
the fact that cl 3.8 of the Third Agreement required the first defendant to
maintain up-to-date and accurate records of usage of the sponsorship sums and
permit the plaintiff by prior appointment to inspect as well as take copies of
the accounts. The third defendant’s lame explanation that the plaintiff never
asked was rebutted by the plaintiff’s letter dated 27 March 2006 (at AB1726)
wherein the plaintiff pointedly stated:

…despite our repeated requests, you have tellingly refused to furnish any
concrete details of your alleged efforts to raise Core Finance.

In addition, despite your acknowledging our repeated requests for a detailed
account of the manner in which STB’s funds of S$6,155,250 (“the STB funds”)
were spent, and your confident assertion in your letter dated 10 March 2006
that you will “happily provide it” to us, you have nevertheless failed to do
so.

The third defendant’s assertion that he did provide the records in May 2006
(meaning the audited accounts of the first and second defendants) was also
shown to be incorrect during cross-examination (N/E 426).

75 Further, despite being required by a court order to furnish discovery, the
defendants produced voluminous invoices for large sums of expenditure under
vague headings such as “overheads”, “administrative charges” “consulting” and
“artist booking”, without any other supporting documentation to justify the
legitimacy and quantum of the payments. Questioned repeatedly on the lack of
substantiation during cross-examination, the third defendant (at N/E 424)
eventually said that by giving lump sum figures, the same sufficed for the
purpose of compliance with the Third Agreement. Further doubts on the
authenticity of the documents were cast when it was noted that accounts for
the second defendant as of 30 June 2005 were created in July 2007.

76 The defendants sought to legitimise their expenditure by appointing as
their expert witnesses Singh (DW4) and Cheng Soon Keong (“Cheng”) from the
accounting firm of RSM Chio Lim to justify each expense. The plaintiff
predictably, sought to undermine the credibility of the expert evidence
(particularly Singh’s) by objecting to the admissibility of certain documents
(on the grounds of authenticity and hearsay), which purportedly demonstrated
how the plaintiff’s funds have been expended.

77 While the defendants attempted to circumvent this evidential obstacle by
adducing those documents through Singh’s testimony and expert report, it did
not adequately address the issue of authenticity. Indeed, the Engagement
Letter dated 14 March 2007 signed by Singh himself as a partner of RSM Chio
Lim (exhibit P17) specifically stated that:

All decisions on reasonableness in relation to overheads and costing
basis/methodology and the authenticity of documents provided to us as supports
shall be the sole responsibility of CML, Tribute and Tony Hollingsworth. We
shall not be responsible for the outcome of the decisions.

78 Indeed, such indirect attempts to establish the legitimacy of expenditure
went against the rule as regards primary documentary evidence under ss 63 to
66 of the Evidence Act (Cap 97, 1997 Rev Ed) (“the Evidence Act”). A document
cannot be admitted into evidence until its authenticity has first been proven
(_Chong Khee Sang v Pang Ah Chee_ [1984] 1 MLJ 377 at 381). Even after
authenticity has been established, it would still be necessary to prove the
truth of the contents of the documents, subject to established hearsay
objections (_Jet Holding Ltd and Others v Cooper Cameron (Singapore) Pte Ltd
and Another and Other Appeals_ [2006] 3 SLR 769 at [36]).

79 The plaintiff therefore submitted that the defendants had neither proven
the authenticity of a large number of documents (23 items according to para
312 of their submissions filed 7 December 2007) that they had relied on to
demonstrate the legitimacy of their expenditure of the sponsorship sums, nor
had they adequately proven the truth of the contents of those documents.

80 I am of the view that the plaintiff’s objections are valid. The defendants’
experts Singh and Cheng essentially relied on what they were told either by
the second and third defendants’ auditors or by the third defendant himself.
There was little or no independent verification on their part. Neither expert
was in a position to testify that they had sighted primary documents or the
actual invoices for expense items nor did they question the invoices they had
seen. One example would be the third defendant’s payment of four invoices all
dated 7 September 2005 (see DB2256-2259) of solicitors, Harbottle & Lewis. The
third defendant himself was unable to enlighten the court on the nature of
such legal services rendered nor why the solicitors would issue four invoices
in one day, for sums totalling £23,546.62. It was absurd of the two experts to
expect the court to accept that verification in some instances included
speaking to the third defendant; self corroboration is no verification.

81 Apart from the challenge mounted against the documents relied upon by
Singh, the plaintiff characterized as “extremely curious” the defendants’
inexplicable appointment of Singh to conduct a separate “audit” and to testify
as an expert witness by relying extensively on documents prepared by Deloitte
& Touche (“Deloitte”), which had allegedly verified and audited all of the
defendants’ expenses. The defendants could simply have appointed Deloitte or
called Deloitte to testify. For that matter, why did the defendants not call
the defendants’ own accountant, Keith Swallow, to testify? After all, he was
one of the three sources of Singh’s information and documentation (the other
two being the third defendant and Duggan).

82 Section 116, illustration (g), of the Evidence Act states that “the court
may presume… that evidence which could be and is not produced would if
produced be unfavourable to the person who withholds it”. In _Teng Ah Kow and
Another v Ho Sek Chiu and Others_ [1993] 3 SLR 769, the Court of Appeal
explained (at 777) that where no explanation is given for not calling a
material witness, the court can presume that if this material witness had been
called, his evidence would have been unfavourable. In the circumstances, it
was the plaintiff’s submission that an adverse inference should be drawn
against the defendants for their omission to call Deloitte, on the presumption
that if called, Deloitte’s evidence would not have been favourable to the
defendants; I agree.

83 Counsel for the plaintiff added that the defendants’ expert witnesses were
blatantly deferential to the defendants and were unreliable. Apart from the
limited scope of the experts’ audit work, the plaintiff highlighted
innumerable failings in Singh’s audit exercise that appeared to corroborate
the auditor’s lack of adequate verification.

84 The court’s attention was drawn to Singh’s cross-examination in the course
of which he testified _inter alia_ , that: (a) in relation to an erroneous
transfer of $422,000 from the first to the second defendant’s account, it was
of “no interest” to him and that “CML can transfer the amounts to Tribute or
to anybody else they want to” (at N/E 1004); (b) in relation to requesting the
confirmation from recipients that they received the money in respect of
services provided, that his team would have to go on the basis that “people
are honest sometimes, most of the time” (at N/E 1020)_;_ (c) it was not part
of his scope of work to find out if there were lapses in maintaining
established accounting standards, such as the blanket transfer of
$2,635,075.57 to the second defendant without proper authorisation or any
documentation from the first defendant (at N/E 1011/1012); and (d) in relation
to the figures relating to overheads, he did not independently assess or
evaluate the reasonableness of the figures and he relied on the external
auditors for verification of the expenses incurred by the second defendant (at
N/E 1001). One example of Singh’s questionable verification related to the
third defendant’s expenditure of £56,744.90 on air-tickets for the period 5
January 2005 to 8 July 2005. Singh said he sighted the invoices issued by
Bluebird Travel Ltd as well as evidence of payment by the second defendant,
but, in his report (at para 3.17.2.6) he revealed he was not shown any
documents detailing the purpose of the trips made.

85 Such a cavalier attitude (due perhaps to the limited terms of reference)
casts considerable doubt on the adequacy of the verification exercise
undertaken by Singh to legitimize the dissipation of the sponsorship sums. In
this regard, the Court of Appeal recently clarified in _JSI Shipping (S) Pte
Ltd v Teofoongwonglcloong (a firm)_ [2007] 4 SLR 460 (“JSI Shipping”) (at
[111]) that:

…items that can be directly verified should, whenever practical, be in fact
directly verified; such verification goes to the core of an auditor’s skill
and competence and is a function of the appropriate degree of professional
scepticism which all auditors must adopt. On the facts, the respondent had
plainly accorded an indefensible degree of deference to Riggs, instead of
assuming the burden of independent verification coupled with an attitude of
professional scepticism that all auditors should typically stake their
reputations upon.

86 As was further established in _JSI Shipping_ (at [63]), it is open to the
court to “disregard or even draw an adverse inference against expert evidence
that exceeds the judicially determined boundaries of coherence, rationality
and impartiality”. In view of their wholly unsatisfactory form of inquiry and
the unacceptable degree of deference accorded by them to the defendants, I
place no reliance on the defendants’ experts’ reports.

87 Consequently, I am not prepared to accept the experts’ testimony to the
effect that the defendants had satisfactorily explained the usage and/or
expenditure of the plaintiff’s sponsorships sums. To add insult to injury, the
defendants used the sponsorship sums for expenses they incurred in raising
Core Finance (such as payment of interest on the SC loan), making a mockery of
cl 3 ([37] _supra_) of the First and Second Agreements which stipulated that
Core Finance was to be raised at the first defendant’s “own cost”.

Creation of a Quistclose trust

88 In _Pacific Rim Palm Oil Ltd v PT Asiatic Persada and others_ [2003] 4 SLR
731, the court explained (at [16]) the concept of Quistclose trusts as
follows:

The reference to a “**Quistclose** trust” is a reference to the trust found in
_Barclays Bank Ltd v Quistclose Investments Ltd_ [1970] AC 567. The case is
authority for the proposition that where money is advanced by A to B, with the
mutual intention that it should be used exclusively for a specific purpose,
there will be implied (in the absence of any contrary intention) a stipulation
that if the purpose fails the money will be repaid, and the arrangement will
give rise to a relationship of a fiduciary character, or trust.

89 In the same vein, Lord Millett (in his dissenting judgment) held in
_Twinsectra Ltd v Yardley_ [2002] 2 AC 164 at 193 that the beneficial interest
in the money remains with the lender of the money until the purpose for which
the money was paid is fulfilled.

90 On this note, counsel for the plaintiff flagged cl 3.8 of the Third
Agreement which envisaged that the first defendant would keep a separate
account for the sponsorship sums, thus suggesting that these funds were
advanced to the first defendant in circumstances that led to a _Quistclose_
trust. The plaintiff’s witnesses (Lynette and Chong) had also testified that
the spirit of the Agreement contemplated use of the sponsorship sums and
underwriting costs only in relation to the Event.

91 Did the non-occurrence of the Event constitute a failure of the purpose of
the trust thus obliging the defendants to return the funds? In this regard,
the defendants were also alleged by the plaintiff to have (a) used the funds
without being able to adequately account for how they were expended; (b)
utilised the funds for purposes outside the Event; and (c) used the funds for
their own purposes or to enrich themselves.

92 Although the defendants paraded a number of witnesses (Neil McCartney
(“McCartney”), Sandra Fones, Paul Anthony Kerr, Arvind Singh) to support their
contention that the sponsorship sums had all been spent on various
preparations for the Event, I am of the view that the plaintiff’s allegation
of misuse was not unfounded. My earlier comments on Singh’s report and my
later observations on how the third defendant manipulated every contract to
the second defendant’s advantage, but to the first defendant’s disadvantage,
lend support to the plaintiff’s accusation.

93 Not surprisingly, the testimony of the third defendant’s friend and
managing-director of McCartney Media Limited, _viz_ , McCarthy (DW7), was
completely biased in the defendants’ favour. It was McCartney who revealed
that the SC loan was replaced by the Nexus loan at SC’s request. If indeed the
third defendant (as he represented to the plaintiff) was as well-connected as
he claimed, he would not have had to engage people like McCartney (ultimately
at the plaintiff’s expense) to pay so many third parties in turn to make
contact with the public relations personnel or managers of artistes and
entertainment stars. I noted too that like the third defendant, McCartney was
in a position of conflict in more ways than one. His company was paid
US$15,000 a month for consultancy services (without any agreement or
engagement letter) and he received in total £38,645.03. McCartney deposed in
his written testimony, that he was verbally engaged by the second and third
defendants to work on the “business affairs” of the second and third
defendants. McCartney also had another company, NSA Campaign Marketing Ltd
(“NSA”), of which he and his brother Sean were directors, which had been
granted (again by the second and third defendants) the right to market and
secure sponsorships for the Campaign (as well as for the Tribute to
Peacemakers’ campaign) under an agreement dated 23 February 2004 (“the NSA
agreement”). His company’s invoices (8) to the first defendant included one
dated 25 August 2005 (for £2,350) for assisting in arranging the SC loan. As
with the interest paid on the SC loan (see [67] above ), this item charged to
the first defendant breached cl 3.1 of the First and Second Agreements.
McCartney was also a director of LEL as replacement for the third defendant,
who purportedly resigned to avoid a conflict of interest. Incidentally, it was
McCartney who engaged Ng on the first defendant’s behalf.

_Total failure of consideration_

94 Failure of consideration occurs when one party has not enjoyed the benefit
of any part of what it bargained for. Where money is paid by a plaintiff to a
defendant under a contract and the defendant fails completely to discharge his
part of the bargain, the plaintiff has the option of either claiming in
contract for damages for breach or he may treat the contract as at an end on
the ground that the defendant has repudiated it and sue for the refund of the
money in quasi-contract (_Ooi Ching Ling Shirley v Just Gems Inc_ [2003] 1 SLR
14 at [43]).

95 For a plaintiff to succeed in a claim for a refund there must be a total
failure of consideration. The test, as articulated by Kerr LJ in _Rover
International Ltd and other v Cannon Film Sales Ltd_ [1989] 1 WLR 912 (at 923)
is “whether or not the party claiming total failure of consideration has in
fact received any part of the benefit bargained for under the contract”.

96 In the light of the foregoing quotation, the plaintiff claimed that the
defendants’ failure to deliver on their contractual obligations to stage the
Event in Singapore constituted a total failure of consideration that entitled
the plaintiff to a full refund of the sponsorship sums it had paid.

_Joint and several liability of the defendants_

97 To avoid the prospect of having an unenforceable and/or paper judgment
against the first defendant, the plaintiff attempted to lift the first
defendant’s corporate veil by pleading that the second and third defendants
should be liable for the debts of the first defendant.

98 The concept of piercing the corporate veil has been clarified by _Walter
Woon on Company Law_ (Sweet & Maxwell Asia, 3rd Ed, 2005) at p 61, which
states that courts have generally been willing to lift the corporate veil: (a)
where a company is employed to allow a person to evade his legal obligations
or to commit fraud; (b) where a company is employed as an agent or _alter ego_
of its controllers; (c) where the company is a sham of façade; (d) where it is
necessary to give effect to the legislative purpose of a statute; (e) where
the court is called upon to exercise an equitable or analogous discretion; (f)
where companies in a group are run as a functional whole; and (g) where the
justice of the case otherwise requires it.

99 In the same vein, it was held in _Win Line (UK) Ltd v Masterpart
(Singapore) Pte Ltd & Anor_ [2000] 2 SLR 98 (“ _Win Line (UK) Ltd_ ”) (at
[38]) that the courts would pierce the corporate veil where it was merely a
device, façade or sham. It was further clarified that a sham referred to acts
done or executed by parties to the sham that were intended by them to give to
third parties or to the Court, an appearance of creating between the parties
legal rights and obligations different from the actual rights and obligations
which the parties intended to create.

100 On the facts, the plaintiff characterized the first defendant as a shell
company which the third defendant used at his whim and fancy to perpetrate
fraud on the plaintiff, _ie,_ extraction of the sponsorship sums _via_ the
first defendant, without exposing himself and his primary vehicle, the second
defendant, to any liability. Having dealt with the two companies as one and
the same and having treated them both as his _alter ego_ , the plaintiff
submitted that the third defendant could not rely on the separate legal entity
doctrine in an attempt to ring-fence his liability and that of the second
defendant.

Lack of corporate governance

101 As a starting point, the plaintiff highlighted the lack of corporate
governance evinced by the fact that the first defendant’s accounts were
treated for all intents and purposes as indistinguishable from the second
defendant’s accounts. On the evidence, I accept that there were no internal
procedures for the control of movement of funds and there was a dearth of
documents in relation to bank accounts and liabilities and obligations amongst
the entities. On this note, I would observe that despite the third defendant’s
denials under cross-examination (at N/E 434) that he was not, he was
essentially the controlling mind and the sole beneficiary of the profits of
the second defendant, given that he was the only person within the second
defendant who decided whether to pay monies to himself or to any third
parties.

102 Although the third defendant repeatedly claimed in his oral testimony that
whatever payments he made were done with Duggan’s approval, the plaintiff
unkindly described Duggan as no more than the third defendant’s puppet. I
agree that the evidence adduced from Duggan justified the plaintiff’s
description of the man. Duggan merely rubberstamped whatever withdrawals the
third defendant made from the bank account of the first defendant.

103 More notably, the defendants’ own expert Singh admitted under cross-
examination that the accounts were “commingled” (at N/E 940):

Q: The---would you agree with me, Mr Singh, and---and---and tell me if---
whether---whether this comes from your memory or whether it is something that
you know. Would you agree with me that although the amounts of---that was
taken to pay the sum of 54,000 dollars [sic] was taken from both CML’s bank
account as well as Tribute’s bank account but these were amounts that were
paid from funds that were either taken directly from CML’s account and paid
from CML account or otherwise were transferred from CML’s account to Tribute’s
account and then paid from Tribute’s? Would you agree with me?

A: _I’m---I’m not so sure it’s so str---it’s as straightforward as that, that
the accounts were---that_ _the bank accounts were in a way commingled as both
---they do get transferred from one bank account to another bank account_.
[emphasis added]

and that control of the first defendant’s bank account was devoid of any
checks and balances (at N/E 1010):

Q: And Mr Singh, would it---does it show that this transfer, this erroneous
transfer of $422,000 indicates that whoever it was that was in control of
CML’s bank account could do so without practically any checks and balances
within the company?

A: _Yes, there was only one person so what checks and balances are you talking
about?_ [emphasis added]

104 Indeed, such was the third defendant’s disregard for the purported
separate constitution of the first defendant that he even allowed the first
defendant to make payments for other entities that he owned such as ARC.
Whilst the agreement between the first defendant and ARC envisaged that ARC
would bear the costs of engaging IBM, Genovate and Arvind Singh, the first
defendant ended up making the payments for ARC, a revelation which prompted
the following reaction from the court (at N/E 490):

Court: CML is made to discharge a legal liability where there’s no written
obligation. Yes or no?

Third defendant: No---er, yes that’s correct.

I would add that Singh’s report (at para 3.4.5.5) contained the disconcerting
comment that the amounts invoiced by IBM did not correspond exactly to the
payments made by the first/second defendants.

105 Although Singh subsequently attempted to justify the payments as “related
party arrangements” which were “not uncommon”, he finally admitted that this
arrangement bore the hallmark of somebody who used the first defendant’s funds
as though they were his own (at N/E 964):

Q: Would you agree with me that this arrangement bears the hallmark of
somebody who used CML’s funds as if they were his own, i.e. the third
defendant?

A: Yes.

106 In the course of cross-examination, the third defendant had demonstrated
his absolute control over the first and second defendants as follows; he:

(a) transferred the plaintiff’s advance of $434,981,29 to the second
defendant’s account on 3 August 2004 (N/E 460);

(b) signed all the cheques of the first defendant (N/E469);

(c) caused the first defendant to pay invoices issued by IBM to ARC
(N/E479/481) when there was no obligation to do so (see [104] above);

(d) had no documents to support the transfer of monies out of the first
defendant’s bank account; and

(e) cleaned out the bank account of the first defendant on 29 July 2005 and
transferred its entire credit balance of $2,635,075.57 (equivalent to
£901,003.75) to the second defendant’s account even though there were no bills
payable to the second defendant.

107 The court only had the third defendant’s word (which Singh accepted
without question) that the estimated number of days that the second defendant
spent working on the Event in 2005 was 233 days vis a vis 50 days for his
other project Tribute to Peacemakers. Similarly, the court was expected to
accept the third defendant’s word (without any evidence by his own admission)
that it was reasonable for the second defendant to charge the first defendant
15% commission on all net income and another 10% as production fee for working
on the Event.

108 When the third defendant initially approached the plaintiff to sponsor the
Event, he had represented that the second defendant, with its favourable
reputation and success with similar events, would be the outfit organising the
Event. The purported “related party arrangements” took on a farcical turn in
the light of the defendants’ repeated contention (and closing submission) that
the first defendant was set up as a SPV to limit the other two defendants’
exposure to liabilities like the present one. As I understood it, that was
_not_ the explanation provided initially, as the first defendant was then
alleged to have been set up to protect the artistes’ rights from exploitation.
According to the third defendant’s own AEIC at para 46, he said:

[The first defendant] was to be the entity which would enter into production
and service contracts pertaining to the organisation of the campaign. It was
to be the entity to which entered into contracts with broadcasters, ticket
promoters, distributors, media outlets etc. Further all the monies from the
sponsors, including monies from STB, would be placed with [the first
defendant] as each sponsorship agreement would be entered between [the first
defendant] and the respective sponsor. It is customary in the entertainment
business to create a new “virgin” entity for each project. This is usually
insisted on by investors, major sponsors and broadcasters so that the
accounting of the project is separate and discreet and so there is no need for
extensive (and expensive) due diligence. This rationale was accepted by STB.

109 However the facts showed otherwise. The second defendant purportedly
appointed the first defendant to organise and produce the Event. Yet, the
first defendant had to pay the second defendant for its services because the
first defendant supposedly appointed the second defendant in turn to “manage”
the production of the Campaign. Further, apart from the third defendant’s
word, there were no written documents/agreements to evidence the arrangements.
Without any agreements, there was no basis for the second defendant to charge
the first defendant a fee. As was rightly pointed out in the plaintiff’s reply
submissions (paras 21-22), the so-called arrangements were highly suspicious
and ludicrous. A question that immediately came to one’s mind is, who then was
the subcontractor of the Event? Quite rightly based on the above extract from
the third defendant’s AEIC, it should have been the first defendant.

110 However, in reality the facts showed that the first defendant was merely
the conduit to receive the sponsorship sums. Thereafter, the third defendant
proceeded to milk the first defendant dry. He withdrew the sponsorship sums to
generously pay himself (£200,000 per annum), the second defendant, his friends
(including SC, Duggan and McCartney) and third parties before transferring all
remaining funds to the second defendant’s account. The first defendant was
then made to bear _all_ the expenses and liabilities of the second defendant
as well those of third parties like ARC (not to mention being charged by the
second defendant too) but, it obtained none of the benefits for being the
organiser of the Event. Where liabilities were to be incurred, the contracts
were entered into by the first defendant (_eg_ , the SC loan, the contract
with Ng), but where income was to be received, the contract was entered into
by the second defendant (the NSA agreement).

111 My conclusions can be further supported by the following evidence:

(a) McCartney was required under the NSA Agreement (see [93] above) to pay and
did pay (according to him) to the second defendant the sum of £300,000 by 30
April 2004. Part of that sum (since the NSA Agreement covered the Tribute to
Peacemakers event as well) should rightly have been paid over to the first
defendant or should have formed part of Core Finance because Core Finance
(according to the third defendant’s own affidavit evidence at para 311) was to
be raised from _inter alia_ “contracted income”.

(b) the defendants’ submissions filed on 4 January 2008 (paras 520-522) sought
to rely on the tripartite agreement in [3] to confer legitimacy on the
exorbitant overheads (£150,000 per month or £1.8m per year) and “management”
fees charged to the first by the second defendant. This argument completely
overlooked the crucial factor that the first defendant was _not_ a party
(acknowledged in para 52 of the third defendant’s affidavit) to the tripartite
agreement and could not therefore be bound. The tripartite agreement itself
was highly suspect – its execution date (4 July 2005) was well after the first
defendant had already been charged overheads for 2004 by the second defendant
and it was just a month before the Second Agreement was replaced by the Third.
I have little doubt that the tripartite agreement was created as _ex post
facto_ justification for the huge withdrawals by the third defendant from the
first defendant’s bank account.

(c) the monthly overheads of £150,000 should also be contrasted with the
audited accounts of the second defendant which showed annual staff cost of
£136,534 and £85,772 for 2005 and 2006 respectively. Additionally, it was
noteworthy that under the Second Agreement (conceded by the third defendant in
cross-examination) the estimated overheads for a 12 month period up to the
scheduled date of the Event was about £900,000 or £75,000 per month. The
second defendant charged the first defendant twice that estimate. Over and
above £150,000, the first defendant was made to pay for 22 or more items (see
para 53 of the plaintiff’s reply submissions) totalling £481,908 and which
included the second defendant’s bank charges of £1,437. One would have thought
all these other expenses (even if justified) would already have been subsumed
in the figure of £150,000.

112 Yet, the third defendant had the gall to depose on oath (at para 55 of his
affidavit) that “Tribute [_ie_ , the second defendant] received no payment and
assumed all the economic risk” when the converse was true. That untrue
statement is also a sharp contrast to the defendants’ closing submission (at
para 594 of p 258) that “there is absolutely nothing wrong with [the third
defendant] and/or [the second defendant] standing to gain from the Listen
Campaign”. Such a contrary submission only served to highlight the third
defendant’s hypocrisy in repeatedly professing that his desire was to benefit
the disadvantaged children of the world when the only person he benefited was
himself. I say this because as the sole shareholder of the second defendant,
the third defendant pockets all the profits made by the second defendant
and/or fees charged to the first defendant. This excludes the third
defendant’s profits to be made from his interest in ARC, but which liabilities
(owed to IBM and Genovate) he voluntarily took over for the second defendant
and then shunted onto the first defendant. Where it served his purpose to do
so, he claimed that past development expenditure formed part of Core Finance
of $38m under the First Agreement. When it did not serve his purpose (under
the Third Agreement), the third defendant claimed that the item did not form
part of Core Finance.

113 Apart from the above financial manoeuvres, the functional
interchangeability of the first and second defendants was evident from the
testimony of Singh and Duggan, as well as the testimony of Sandra Fone (DW5),
who testified that it would not have made any difference whether she called
the company she was working for “CML” or “Tribute”.

114 This overall lack of corporate governance was astounding, in view of the
fact that the sponsorship sums had been provided to a single corporate entity
for a specific purpose according to the plaintiff.

115 From the evidence, it was clear that the third defendant was able to do
whatever he wanted because Duggan was merely the third defendant’s puppet who
neither exercised any independent judgment nor provided any measure of checks
and balances as a co-director. This was corroborated by the lack of written
evidence to show that Duggan was indeed consulted (which I doubted) in
relation to payments made from the first defendant’s account and Duggan’s
startling assertion under cross-examination (at N/E 747) that he considered
the stipulation of financial policies regarding the first defendant’s cheque
payments and fund transfers to be unnecessary.

116 Even more surprising was the fact that despite Duggan’s frequent absence
from the London office, he insisted that he was consulted on every cheque and
every transfer relating to the plaintiff’s sponsorship sums; this is
incredible. Duggan’s alleged verbal agreement to the blanket transfer of
$2,635,075.57 from the first defendant’s account to the second defendant’s
account provided scant reassurance as he was neither a director of nor a
cheque signatory of the second defendant. If Duggan’s testimony was to be
believed (which I do not), he had, in effect, agreed to the transfer of a huge
sum to a completely separate corporate entity – a decision that defied
commercial logic and evinced Duggan’s unquestioning deference and blind
loyalty to the third defendant. Any alleged verification of payments by Duggan
must have been only token if not, non-existent.

Dishonest Assistance

117 The plaintiff’s second plank of attack was by an action for dishonest
assistance, which required that (a) there had been a disposal of the
plaintiff’s assets in breach of trust or fiduciary duty; (b) the defendant
assisted or procured that breach of duty; (c) the defendant acted dishonestly;
and (d) the plaintiff suffered a loss (_Caltong (Australia) Pty Ltd v Tong
Tien See Construction_ [2002] 3 SLR 241).

118 Dishonesty is to be judged objectively (_Bansal Hermant Govindprasad and
Another v Central Bank of India_ [2003] 2 SLR 33). Similarly, in _Royal Brunei
Airlines Sdn Bhd v Phillip Tan Kok Ming_ [1995] 3 WLR 64 (“ _Royal Brunei
Airlines Sdn Bhd”_), the court explained (at 74) that:

Acting in reckless disregard of others’ rights or possible rights can be a
tell-tale sign of dishonesty. An honest person would have regard to the
circumstances known to him, including the nature and importance of the
proposed transaction, the nature and importance of his role, the ordinary
course of business, the degree of doubt, the practicability of the trustee or
the third party proceeding otherwise and the seriousness of the adverse
consequences to the beneficiaries. The circumstances will dictate which one or
more of the possible courses should be taken by an honest person. He might,
for instance, flatly decline to become involved. He might ask further
questions. He might seek advice, or insist on further advice being obtained.
He might advise the trustee of the risks but then proceed with his role in the
transaction. He might do many things. Ultimately, in most cases, an honest
person should have little difficulty in knowing whether a proposed
transaction, or his participation in it, would offend the normally accepted
standards of honest conduct.

119 Pursuant to the foregoing principles, the plaintiff submitted that the
third defendant should be held personally liable as he had dishonestly
assisted the first defendant to misapply the plaintiff’s funds in breach of
trust. In particular, it was alleged that the third defendant wilfully
procured the wholesale transfer of the first defendant’s funds to the second
defendant’s account on 29 July 2005 and that he had, as the person approving
payments from the first defendant’s account, authorised and acquiesced in
irregular dealings and the expenditure of the sponsorship sums even before the
purported confirmation of Core Finance on 23 May 2005.

_The defendants’ counterclaim_

120 In response to the plaintiff’s claim, the defendants had launched their
own offensive in the form of a counterclaim for damages as a result of the
plaintiff’s alleged failure to adequately fulfil its sponsorship obligations.
In particular, the defendants alleged that in reliance on a misrepresentation
by the plaintiff’s representatives that its Board was well connected and would
have no problems raising $5.2m of sponsorship from local companies, the
defendants agreed (a) to the plaintiff’s counter-proposal in lieu of providing
a US$14.5m guarantee; and (b) that the plaintiff would be required to use its
best endeavours (in lieu of a guarantee) to raise $5.2m.

121 The plaintiff attacked the counterclaim as frivolous and without merit, a
submission which I am inclined to accept for several reasons. First, the
plaintiff’s representatives, Ken Low (PW1) and Randall Tan (PW5), had
categorically testified that they never made any such representations. Second,
Lynette (PW2) gave evidence that the third defendant had assured the plaintiff
in the course of negotiations that the obligation of “best endeavours” was not
a guarantee to raising further sponsorship, but merely a promise to assist in
opening doors to potential sponsors in Singapore, so that the defendants could
proceed to promote, negotiate and close the deal with those sponsors.
Lynette’s version of events was amply corroborated by CEO Lim and Ken Low,
both of whom stressed that the plaintiff’s role as a sponsor was facilitative
and limited merely to “opening doors and making the connections”, whereas the
onus was on the first defendant to secure the requisite financing and
sponsorship.

122 Indeed, in an attachment to his e-mail to the plaintiff’s Christine Khor
sent on 20 November 2003 (at AB596-597), Duggan had expressly stated that:

In the short-term and certainly up to the time we reach core financing and
announce the project our need for assistance from STB is at the senior
management level including the CEO. _What we need during this phase is high-
level introductions to potential sponsors and partners so that we can brief
them on Listen and determine their interest in participating in the project_.
[emphasis added]

I am satisfied on the evidence that this was the understanding on the issue of
the plaintiff sourcing for more sponsors.

123 In any event, the evidence showed that not only did the plaintiff’s
representatives make efforts to promote the Event to Singapore companies and
other local potential sponsors, the plaintiff, in fact, secured sponsorship of
$5.1m from SIA, pursuant to a sponsorship agreement signed on 15 July 2004,
six months after the first Agreement had been signed. Lim himself personally
contacted CEOs and heads of fourteen Singapore public companies and banks
including Temasek Holdings, DBS Bank and SingTel (as well as national
television’s Mediacorp) by telephone, letters and email, to arrange meetings
in an attempt to interest them in sponsoring the Event. The fact that SIA
subsequently withdrew its sponsorship and required the defendants to pay
for/refund the cost of travel on SIA flights taken by the third defendant and
others was not the fault of the plaintiff; it was due to the defendants’
postponement of the Event.

124 Consequently, for the third defendant to say in cross-examination (at N/E
497) and in his written testimony (at para 271) that the plaintiff made only
low-level introductions and junior/inexperienced staff of STB approached
organisations at too low a level respectively, was not only to belittle the
concerted efforts made by the plaintiff to introduce sponsors to the
defendants but showed that he was prepared to bend the truth, if necessary,
for his own ends. I cannot imagine how anyone can say that SIA, with its
iconic brand and reputation as one of the best if not the best (and most
profitable) airline in the world can be described as a low level introduction.
I should add that under vigorous cross-examination (at N/E 503) the third
defendant took refuge in the excuse that because the SIA contract (dated 15
July 2004) was not signed within 90 days of the date of the First Agreement,
that was his reason for saying that the plaintiff had breached its “best
endeavours” obligation under cl 4.2 to recruit further sponsors (other than
itself).

125 It seemed to me that the plaintiff’s alleged breach of its “best
endeavours” obligation represented a desperate attempt by the defendants to
detract from, and to pin the blame on the plaintiff for their own failure to
meet their contractual obligations, and to fulfil the ultimate responsibility
to finance and organize the Event. I accept the defendants’ submission that
_Rhodia International Holdings Ltd and another v Huntsman International LLC_
[2007] 2 All ER (Comm) 577 (“ _Rhodia International Holdings Ltd_ ”) makes it
clear that an obligation to use reasonable endeavours (on the part of the
defendants) was less stringent than one to use “best endeavours” (on the
plaintiff’s part). However, the higher burden placed on the plaintiff under cl
4.2 in the First and Second Agreements has to be seen in the context of
Duggan’s own understanding in [122] that the role of the plaintiff was to open
doors by making high level introductions to the defendants

126 The dubious nature of the counterclaim was further evidenced by the manner
in which the defendants conducted their defence, in particular, the
conspicuous failure to challenge (a) the evidence of Ken Low or Randall Tan
that no representations had been made to the defendants that the plaintiff
would have no difficulty in procuring $5.2m of local sponsors; and (b) the
evidence of Lim and Chong with regards to the extensive efforts made by the
plaintiff to raise further sponsorships.

127 In this regard, _Browne v Dunn_ (1893) 6 R 67 is authority for the
proposition that “any matter upon which it is proposed to contradict the
evidence-in-chief given by the witness must normally be put to him so that he
may have an opportunity of explaining the contradiction, and failure to do
this may be held to imply acceptance of the evidence in chief”. Similarly, in
_Liza binte Ismail v PP_ [1997] 2 SLR 454, the court held (at 468) that if a
party failed to cross-examine a witness on the material aspects of his
evidence and there was no other reason to doubt the veracity of the witness’
testimony, the court may well conclude in the final analysis that such
testimony was credible.

128 In my view, the defendants’ failure to present evidence to rebut the
plaintiff’s testimony that there was no failure on its part to use “best
endeavours” showed that the alleged counterclaim was nothing more than mere
posturing, without any degree of conviction on the defendants’ part. The fact
that the defendants shied away at the trial, from any meaningful engagement in
this regard with the plaintiff’s witnesses meant that they cannot put forward
any case that was inconsistent with the unchallenged testimony of the
plaintiff’s witnesses (_Arts Niche Cyber Distribution Pte Ltd v PP_ [1999] 4
SLR 111). The defendants’ counterclaim is therefore without merit and I
dismiss it accordingly.

_Other complaints of dishonest and devious conduct on the part of the
defendants_

129 The plaintiff concluded its submissions with a recital of instances which
proved that the defendants’ representatives were untruthful, deceitful and
unreliable. The many accusations of dishonesty and incompetence were based not
only on the inconsistencies in the defendants’ evidence, but also on the
unscrupulous and dishonest tenor of their dealings with the plaintiff when the
project was still afoot. Counsel for the plaintiff submitted that the
defendants showed a total lack of moral fibre and good faith by taking
liberties with their contractual obligations, withholding material information
from the plaintiff and secretly engineering a wholesale migration of the Event
from Singapore to New York.

130 In summary, the plaintiff alleged that the defendants:

(a) dishonestly attempted to discount the value to be ascribed to the SIA
sponsorship;

(b) irresponsibly attributed their failures to a host of extraneous factors
but were blind to their own incompetence;

(c) dishonestly engineered the postponement of the Event under the Third
Agreement;

(d) fabricated minutes of the meeting of 11 August 2005 to support their false
allegations;

(e) dishonestly changed their evidence in relation to the alleged “reduction”
of Core Finance from $38m under the Second Agreement to $30m under the Third
Agreement;

(f) irregularly used the sponsorship sums to make payments on behalf of ARC
even though it had no legal obligation to do so;

(g) lied that it was The Listen Charity Trustees who had decreed that the
Event could not be held within the timelines of the Second Agreement;

(h) deliberately misled the plaintiff on the existence (or lack thereof) of
Core Finance, which was precisely the reason why the plaintiff was willing to
relinquish its right to a contractual refund under cl 8.2 of the Second
Agreement;

(i) used arbitrary expense figures which the defendants were unable to justify
with reference to any documents to show how those figures were computed or
arrived at;

(j) even misrepresented that the Queen of Jordan had agreed to be involved
although she had not been approached and was completely unaware of the
Campaign; and

(k) secretly made plans to stage the Event in New York before the time for the
Event to be staged under the Third Agreement had expired, as an escape route
for themselves.

The plaintiff’s harsh criticism was characterized by the tagline “incompetence
may be forgiven, but dishonesty may not” and levelled at the defendants’
propensity to manufacture evidence to further their own case.

_The defendants’ submissions_

131 It would be appropriate at this juncture to set out the more salient
points of the defendants’ closing submissions.

132 The third defendant had alleged that the plaintiff failed to use its “best
endeavours” under cl 4.2 (of the First and Second Agreements) to recruit for
further sponsors from Singapore companies to provide $5.2m of sponsorship or
contributions “in kind” as a contribution towards Core Finance. (The First
Agreement but not the Second, contained a deadline of 90 days from the signing
of the document for the plaintiff to source for further sponsors.) The
defendants’ submission relied on the definition of “best endeavours” in
_Justlogin Pte Ltd and Another v Oversea-Chinese Banking Corp Ltd and Another_
[2004] 1 SLR 118 for their definition of “best endeavours”(reaffirmed in
_Travista Development Pte Ltd v Tan Kim Swee_ _Augustine and Other_ s[2007] 3
SLR 628). In the latter case, the court held at [47] that a person who is
obliged to use his best endeavours:

…must take all those reasonable steps which a prudent and determined man
acting in his own interest and anxious to [achieve the desired outcome] would
have taken.

133 Conversely, the defendants argued that their obligation under cl 3.7 of
the Third Agreement (see [34] above) was only to use “reasonable efforts” to
secure Core Finance and they were not in breach if, despite using reasonable
efforts, the defendants failed to raise Core Finance. They cited _Tan Soo Leng
David v Wee Satku & Kumar Pte Ltd_ [1998] 2 SLR 83 for the meaning of “best
endeavours” and relied on _Rhodia International Holdings Ltd_ ([125]
_supra_)for the difference between using “reasonable endeavours” as opposed to
the higher burden of using “best endeavours”. The defendants argued that the
plaintiff’s submission (that the first defendant would have to provide its own
Core Finance if it failed to raise Core Finance) was not reflected anywhere in
the Third Agreement. Otherwise, the termination provision in cl 8.2 would make
no sense.

134 Relying on the various Recitals in the First Agreement, the defendants
submitted that the plaintiff was sponsoring the Campaign and not only the
Event. Appendix A in the First Agreement described the Campaign and it was
only Appendix B that defined the Event. Similarly, Core Finance in Appendix C
was the budget for the Campaign and not the Event. Consequently, usage of the
sponsorship sums was not confined to the Event and the first defendant’s
obligation under cll 3.1 and 3.2 of the First Agreement was to organise,
produce and promote the Campaign and as part of that Campaign, to stage the
Event. It therefore followed that if the Campaign could not be staged because
Core Finance could not be raised, then the Event could not be held either.

135 The defendants went further to add that the money raised in Core Finance
(which included the sponsorship sums) was the first defendant’s once it was
paid over and the first defendant was entitled to use the same. They described
the plaintiff’s contrary argument in [37] above as commercially illogical.
This argument however appeared to fly in the face of the third defendant’s own
email of 17 May 2005 to McCartney (who was pressing for payment) that said:

Money has arrived from the Singapore Tourist Board but under our contract with
them, it is repayable if we do not confirm Core Finance this Friday. In this
sense, it is not _income_. [emphasis added]

136 As for the plaintiff’s submission that a _Quistclose_ trust was created,
the defendants asserted that the factual matrix did not give rise to such a
trust which concept appeared to be only relevant to loan arrangements, citing
_Show Theatres Pte Ltd (In liquidation) v Shaw Theatres Pte Ltd_ [2002] 2 SLR
144. (The plaintiff however countered this argument by referring to _Carreras
Rothmans Ltd v Freemans Mathews Treasure Ltd_ [1985] 1 Ch 207).

137 The defendants complained that the plaintiff should have but failed to
given notice to the defendants to remedy its breach. (The defendants (but not
the plaintiff) had in their submissions referred to previous notices of
alleged breaches being issued by one party to the other, in which the party
giving notice had requested the defaulting party to remedy the breach(es)
complained of).

138 Finally, the defendants also argued that the effect of cl 10.6 of the
Third Agreement meant that the plaintiffs’ claim must fail. The clause states:

This Agreement embodies all the terms and conditions agreed upon between the
parties as to the subject matter of this Agreement and supersedes and cancels
in al respects all previous agreements, representations and undertakings, if
any, between the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof,
whether such be written or oral.

The defendants referred to _Lee Chee Wei v Tan Hor Peow Victor and others and
Another Appeal_ [2007] 3 SLR 537. The Court of Appeal there held that such
clauses defined and confined the parties’ rights and obligations within the
four corners of the written document, thereby precluding any attempt to
qualify or supplement the documents by reference to pre-contractual
representations. The plaintiff was attempting to do what the appellate court
held could not be done _viz_ to import into the Third Agreement the pre-
contractual representations by the first defendant that the Event would
definitely be held.

139 At this juncture, it would be equally appropriate to make some
observations on the key witnesses called by the parties, starting with the
plaintiff’s main witness Chong. In my view, he ably withstood the rigours of
cross-examination and came out unscathed. Contrary to the defendants’
submission, Chong was not “unable to give any coherent reason why the refund
provision in cl 8.2 was removed”. He was not given an opportunity to fully
explain during cross-examination. When the court questioned him (at N/E 291),
Chong had explained that he agreed to its removal because the defendants had
represented that $38m had already been raised as Core Finance under the First
Agreement; that factor gave him comfort as only $30m was required for Core
Finance under the Third Agreement. Lim’s testimony was not impeached as to
affect his credibility. As for Hazel, the defendants’ closing submissions
criticised her taking of the minutes of the meeting on 11 August 2005 and
submitted her notes were unreliable and inaccurate. Whatever the alleged
shortcomings in her note-taking, I prefer Hazel’s notes to Duggan’s for the
reasons set out in [52] above. As for the testimony of Ken Low and Lynette, it
was never seriously challenged (see [121] and [122] above) as to cast doubts
on their veracity.

140 In their closing submissions, the defendants made much of the fact that
the plaintiff failed to call Chan to the stand, claiming that he (together
with Leslie Lee (“Leslie”)) was a crucial witness and the court should draw an
adverse inference on his absence from court. The defendants pointed out that
Chan was the signatory of the three agreements. Why was it necessary to call
him to testify for that reason when all three documents formed part of the
agreed bundles before the court? The defendants did not elaborate on how Chan
would have been “able to shed direct evidence on many of the crucial matters”.
Chan’s directive to Lynette and Leslie to determine the pros and cons of
proceeding with the Event (after the meeting with the defendants on 26 July
2005) was not relevant since the plaintiff made a decision to proceed. There
was therefore no basis for the defendants to argue that the plaintiff
suppressed their internal evaluation.

141 As for Leslie, the defendants pointed out he was the person who recorded
the minutes of a meeting between Chong and the third defendant on 28 July 2005
which the defendants claimed was a continuation of the meeting two days
earlier. I note that Leslie’s email to Chong and Lynette on 29 July 2005
(setting out the minutes of that meeting) did not refer to Leslie’s
_participation_ in the discussions at all. Counsel for the defendants could
have/should have cross-examined Chong on what transpired at the meeting and on
Leslie’s minutes, if indeed the discussions had a bearing on the signing and
terms of the Third Agreement and there was no quarrel on the minutes. It bears
noting that all crucial meetings were attended by Lim and/or Chong and both
did testify.

142 It was no answer for the defendants to argue that the plaintiff failed to
call expert testimony to contradict the findings of Singh when Singh’s report
was discredited as being wholly unreliable. The questionable manner in which
the third defendant commingled the accounts of the first and second defendants
was also admitted by Singh in the course of cross-examination (see [103]
above).

143 Turning next to the defendants’ main witnesses, I have already given my
assessment of Duggan, Singh and Neil McCartney. In the case of the third
defendant, his repeated mantra was that the plaintiff failed to use its best
endeavours to raise sponsorship sums (N/E 563), as if that exonerated the
defendants from their own contractual obligations. (In the defendants’
submission, they relied on _MacarthurCook Property Investment Pte Ltd and
Another v Khai Wah Development Pte Ltd_ [2007] SGHC 93 to argue that the
plaintiff’s failure to perform its own obligations negated the defendants’
similar failure).

144 The third defendant also made frequent reference to Singh’s report to
justify his expenditure of the sponsorship sums when in the ultimate analysis,
Singh’s report was found to be unreliable. Suffice it to say that he did not
impress me with his credibility. His written testimony was self-righteous to
the extreme, pinning the blame for anything and everything that went wrong on
the plaintiff without accepting or acknowledging any fault or shortcomings on
his or on the part of his two companies.

145 I have already referred to the third defendant’s conduct (see [124] above)
in downplaying the significant role the plaintiff played in introducing
potential sponsors to the defendants, and how he belittled the quality of
those sponsors while at the same time exaggerating his own abilities. It was
clear he had no compunctions either to lie or to give his own slant to the
facts. As an example, I refer to para 265 of his AEIC. There he had claimed
that Chong’s email to him dated 13 August 2005 showed that the plaintiff was
fully aware that the first defendant had no funds going into the Third
Agreement – that is misleading. Chong’s email said nothing of the sort. The
relevant para 1 stated:

_Proposed Recoupment_

I confirm that STB is agreeable to your proposal of recoupment of USD1.4m from
total ticket and hospitality sales. As we understand it, this is to help you
find a financier/investor to put up cash for your marketing/sponsorship
operations in the next few months plus potential settlement to SIA. Pl let us
have your proposed clause with respect to this proposal and also the
confirmation of the new proportion for revenue split between STB and CML in
terms of recoupment (in our meeting, you mentioned that this could be 60:40 in
STB’s favour).

146 In the same paragraph of the third defendant’s AEIC the third defendant
had also claimed that Chong’s said email stated that the payments made by the
plaintiff would not be in the form of a liability and that Chong confirmed
this in a subsequent email dated 17 August 2005. The third defendant deposed
that “[o]nce again it was confirmed that there was no requirement for CML to
refund the monies paid by STB to CML”. Again, that statement was untrue as can
be seen from the italicised portion below of Chong’s email dated 17 August
2005:

In our existing agreement, the sequence of milestones under Clause 3.9, 3.10
and 3.11 are not necessarily in sequence and it has already happened such that
STB pays out for confirmation core campaign artistes before confirmation of
core finance.

_As the new agreement does not provide for full refund of monies_ , we cannot
afford a situation again in which event artistes and broadcasters are
confirmed before core finance. We have to specify that no payments will be
made for confirmation of event artistes and broadcasters until core finance is
confirmed.

147 Chong’s reference to the plaintiff’s not obtaining full refund of the
sponsorship monies was not a waiver of its rights against the defendants as
the defendants would have the court believe. It was because under the
restructured arrangements in the Third Agreement, the first defendant was
allowed to recover $2,306,000 from net ticket sales and corporate hospitality
sales first. In consideration thereof, the plaintiff would have the right to
recover 60% (instead of the 50% under the previous two agreements) of such
sales.

148 The third defendant was shown to have lied (based on the evidence of
Graham Davies (DW6) when he told the plaintiff at the 11 August 2005 meeting,
that the trustees of The Listen Charity had indicated the Event could not be
held as scheduled under the Second Agreement. It was the third defendant who
informed the trustee of The Listen Charity, Michael Richards (‘Richards”),
that the Event needed to be postponed and not knowing any better, Richards
(DW3), agreed. It was obvious from the evidence of Richards and Graham Davies
(who was/is a trustee of another charity called Children in China Charity that
assisted The Listen Charity for the Event), that what the two trustees knew of
the Event and the plaintiff’s involvement was what they were told by the third
defendant. It was not only hearsay, but inaccurate hearsay at that.

149 The third defendant certainly did not pass the test of honesty spelt out
in _Royal Brunei Airlines Sdn Bhd_ ([118] _supra_). The evidence showed (and
it was admitted in the defendants’ submissions) that the third defendant
needed the plaintiff’s monies to sustain the operations of his two companies.
Hence, his repeated requests to the plaintiff for funds when the milestones to
trigger payment under cl 4.1 of the First and Second Agreements had not been
reached. The defendant then transferred the sponsorship sums to the second
defendant’s account almost one year ahead of his confirmation of Core Finance
to the plaintiff.

The decision

150 The third defendant knew he could not/would not refund the plaintiff’s
sponsorship sums. He also knew he was unable to stage the Event even if it was
postponed from the period of 16 September 2005 to 1 October 2005 (under the
Second Agreement) to 7-8 April 2006 (under the Third Agreement) as he had led
the plaintiff to believe. However, he did not want to exercise his right to
terminate the Second Agreement before or at the meeting on 11 August 2005
because in doing so under cl 8.2 of the Second Agreement (at [10]), he was
required to refund the sponsorship sums. He therefore devised a way out by
issuing what in effect amounted to an ultimatum to the plaintiff – that cl 8.2
was a deal-breaker. If that clause remained, it would break the deal. However,
the deal, _viz_ , the Event (albeit postponed to a later date), would still be
on provided the clause was removed.

151 The plaintiff unfortunately, accepted the third defendant’s word and
agreed to the removal of the refund provision in cl 8.2, unaware that less
than a month earlier, the third defendant had transferred the entire balance
of the sponsorship sums from the first defendant’s account to that of the
second defendant and in August 2005, he had instructed third parties like Ng
and Paul Kerr to stop work on the Event. As the third defendant terminated the
Third Agreement on 5 January 2006, the defendants’ repeated assertions and
submissions that they always intended to hold the Event rings hollow. The
third defendant never intended to hold the Event at all. It speaks volumes of
the third defendant’s abilities and credibility that to-date, the Event
scheduled to be held in New York in July 2006 has not taken place.

152 Consequently, as the plaintiff was deceived into entering into the Third
Agreement as well as the side letter, all the requirements of fraudulent
misrepresentation set out in _Panatron Pte Ltd_ ([44] _supra_) were satisfied,
_viz_ :

(i) there was a representation of fact by the third defendant that the Event
would be held if it was postponed and if the refund provision in cl 8.2 in the
Second Agreement was removed;

(ii) the representation was meant to be and was acted on as the plaintiff
entered into the Third Agreement (in which the refund provision in cl 8.2 was
removed), signed the side letter and postponed the staging of the Event to
April 2006; and

(iii) the plaintiff suffered detriment as a result as the defendants claimed
to have spent all the sponsorship sums and have refused to refund any part
thereof relying on cl 8.2 in the Third Agreement.

Consequently, the defendants’ argument that the Third Agreement was “an entire
agreement” would not apply.

153 Accordingly, I hold that both the Third Agreement and the side letter are
rescinded. Since it was the defendants’ case (and submission) that the side
letter was a collateral contract to the Third Agreement, my ruling that the
side letter should similarly be set aside would be consistent with their
argument.

154 The third defendant’s conduct showed he was not only guilty of lack of
corporate governance, but he had deliberately set out on a course of conduct
to ensure that while he had the benefit of and unimpeded access to the funds
of the first defendant, in having it as a separate corporate entity, he was
able to use the first defendant to distance himself and the second defendant
from the first defendant’s liability. The third defendant’s motive in setting
up the first defendant was not as altruistic as he professed when he first met
the plaintiff (see [7] above).

155 Adopting the test in _Win Line (UK) Ltd v Masterpart (Singapore) Pte Ltd_
([99] _supra_), I have no doubt that the first defendant was a façade and/or a
sham and like the second defendant, the company was used by the third
defendant to evade his legal obligations. Therefore, the court should as the
plaintiff had submitted, pierce the corporate veil. Consequently, all three
defendants are jointly and severally liable to the plaintiff on its claim. It
bears repeating that the third defendant is the sole shareholder of the second
defendant, which in turn owns the first defendant (see [2] above).

156 In view of my decision to lift the corporate veil, it would not be
necessary for me to go further to consider whether the first defendant acted
as the agent of the other two defendants and whether there was a failure of
consideration. Similarly, I need not consider the peripheral issues of breach
of trust and dishonest assistance pleaded by the plaintiff.

157 One remaining issue that needs to be addressed is, did a _Quistclose_
trust arise on the facts of this case? My answer is yes. The defendants’
submission that a _Quistclose_ trust was only relevant in loan arrangements is
an incorrect reading of the law on such resulting trusts. The judgment the
defendants relied on, _viz_ , _Show Theatres Pte Ltd (in liquidation) v Shaw
Theatres Pte Ltd_ ([136] _supra_), was reversed on appeal. As the appellate
court did not issue grounds for its decision, the position on whether a
_Quistclose_ trust was created there was, at best, left open.

158 The position at law (see [88] above) is that a _Quistclose_ trust is
created where money is advanced by A to B with the mutual intention that it
should be applied exclusively for a specific purpose. If that purpose fails,
and unless a contrary intention appears, the law implies a stipulation that
the money will be repaid to A. So long as moneys went into a special account
(as in our case) and it was meant for a specific purpose that subsequently
failed, the sum should be returned to the plaintiff. The nature of the
transaction itself for which the money was intended is not a determinant of
when such a trust arises (see _Carreras Rothmans Ltd v Freemans Mathews
Treasure Ltd_ ([136] _supra_). Equity as well as contract (cl 3.8 of the Third
Agreement), required the defendants to explain how they had expended the
sponsorship sums on the Event, but they failed to so to any degree of
satisfaction.

159 I should add that it was absurd of the defendants to submit that the
plaintiff should have given but failed to give notice to the defendants to
remedy their alleged breach of contract. Previously (according to the
defendants), both sides had committed various breaches of the contract _vis-a-
vis_ the First and the Second Agreements. One party had then given notice to
the defaulting party to remedy the breaches. The defendants’ argument
overlooked the fact that they gave notice of termination to the plaintiff of
the Third Agreement and the plaintiff had accepted such repudiatory breach of
the contract. It was pointless to afford the defendants an opportunity to
remedy their breach when their stand was that the contract had terminated.

160 Finally, I have not overlooked the defendants’ argument that the
plaintiff’s obligation was to sponsor the Campaign not the Event only (see
[134] _above_). That is undoubtedly correct. However, the plaintiff’s interest
and indeed its statutory function was to showcase Singapore as a tourist
destination. Singapore’s interest and focus was therefore on the Event and not
the Campaign. That was why the initial meetings with the third defendant and
Duggan on holding the Event in _Singapore_ were spearheaded by the Permanent
Secretary of the Ministry of Trade and Industry and attended by
representatives from the Economic Development Board, Jurong Town Corporation,
National Arts Council, National Heritage Board and Media Development
Authority. That was also the reason why under cl 3.6 of all three agreements,
the filming of the Event in the footage to be broadcast had to incorporate (i)
the city skyline of Singapore; (ii) the Merlion statue; (iii) the Fullerton
Hotel; (iv) the area known as the Marina Waterfront; and (v) Esplanade
Theatres on the Bay. Why would the plaintiff want to expend the sponsorship
sums on the worldwide Campaign when it was of no benefit to Singapore?

Conclusion

161 I therefore hold that the Third Agreement is rescinded. The parties’
position reverts to and their rights are governed by, the Second Agreement. I
further award the plaintiff interlocutory judgment against all three
defendants on its claim. Damages are to be assessed with the costs of such
assessment reserved to the Registrar. The defendant’s counterclaim is also
dismissed.

Costs

161 As I understand that Offers to Settle pursuant to Order 22A of the Rules
of Court (Cap 322, R5, 2006 Rev Ed) were exchanged between the parties, I
shall hear parties on the issue of costs on another day.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 27 May 2008 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

