Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## CCM Industrial Pte Ltd v Uniquetech Pte Ltd  
[2008] SGHC 216

Case Number | : | DA 13/2008  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 21 November 2008  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Chan Sek Keong CJ   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Leong Yung Chang (Veritas Law Corporation) for the appellant; Uthayasurian s/o Sidambaram (Surian & Partners) for the respondent   
Parties | : |  CCM Industrial Pte Ltd — Uniquetech Pte Ltd   
  
Civil Procedure – Costs – Principles – Whether appellant's conduct warranted
imposition of indemnity costs  
  
Civil Procedure – Rules of court – Scope of O 22A r 9(3) Rules of Court (Cap
322, R 5, 2006 Rev Ed) – Whether O 22A r 12 applicable if O 22A r 9
inapplicable – Relationship between O 22A and O 59 – Applicability of O 22A r
9(5) – Order 22A rr 9, 12 and O 59 Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2006 Rev Ed)  
  

21 November 2008 |   
---|---  
  
Chan Sek Keong CJ:

1 This was an appeal by the appellant, CCM Industrial Pte Ltd, against the
decision of the district judge (“the Judge”) in District Court Suit No 1614 of
2007 (“DC Suit 1614/2007”) in awarding costs on an indemnity basis to the
respondent, Uniquetech Pte Ltd, from the date of an offer to settle made by
the respondent.

2 After hearing arguments of counsel for the parties, I affirmed the decision
of the Judge and dismissed the appeal. I now give my reasons.

3 I begin with the salient facts. In April 2007, the appellant informed the
respondent that it was terminating a tenancy agreement between them due to the
latter’s failure to pay the appellant rent amounting to $64,134.00. The
respondent replied that the appellant owed it $62,728.48 and that it was
seeking to set off this amount against the arrears of rent. The appellant
rejected the respondent’s claim to a set-off and insisted on full payment of
the arrears of rent.

4 On 17 May 2007, the appellant commenced DC Suit 1614/2007 to recover the sum
of $64,134.00. On 18 June 2007, the respondent filed a defence of set-off and
counterclaimed the sum of $62,115.68. At the same time, the respondent made an
offer to settle (“the OTS”) as follows:

The Defendants [the respondent] offer to settle the proceedings on the
following terms:-

1\. The Defendants do pay the Plaintiffs [the appellant] the sum of $2,018.32,
as full and final settlement in respect of the Plaintiffs’ claim.

2\. Each party bear their own costs.

3\. The offer may be terminated or withdrawn at any time by the Defendants
giving the Plaintiffs and/or their Solicitors written notice of withdrawal by
telefax.

4\. The offer will automatically be withdrawn by any subsequent offer to
settle sent by telefax to the Plaintiffs and/or their Solicitors.

5 The sum of $2,018.32 is the difference between the appellant’s claim and the
respondent’s counterclaim. The appellant did not accept the OTS and persisted
with its claim. Affidavits of evidence-in-chief were exchanged on 22 November
2007, and a pre-trial conference (“PTC”) was held on 19 December 2007, at
which the appellant also rejected the respondent’s proposal to proceed to
mediation at the Court Dispute Resolution Centre.

6 Two months later at a confirmatory PTC held on 13 February 2008, the
appellant indicated that it would not contest the respondent’s counterclaim
and contended that the OTS was ambiguous as it did not advert to the
counterclaim. The appellant informed the court that the parties would attempt
to settle the matter amicably before the hearing scheduled for 20 February
2008.

7 That same day after the PTC, the appellant faxed a letter to the respondent
and indicated its intention to settle its claim upon the respondent paying the
sum of $2,018.32 in “full and final settlement of [its] claim and [the
respondent’s] counterclaim” and that “each party is to bear [its] own costs”.
This offer was substantially the same as the OTS except for the additional
reference to the counterclaim.

8 The respondent replied one and half hours later that it was “only prepared
to settle” the claim and counterclaim on the condition that the appellant pay
$4,000.00 “towards [its] costs plus disbursements, to be agreed or taxed”, and
that the appellant file a notice of discontinuance in respect of its claim.

The hearing before the Judge

9 Eventually, on 20 February 2008, the parties appeared before the Judge to
record a consent judgment in favour of the appellant against the respondent in
the sum of $2,018.32 with interest thereon at 5.33% per annum from the date of
writ to the date of judgment, with costs to be decided by the court. The Judge
decided that the appellant should pay indemnity costs to the respondent from
the date of the OTS after hearing counsel for the parties.

10 The relevant provision on costs in the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2006
Rev Ed) (“ROC”) relied upon by the parties is O 22A r 9, which provides as
follows:

**9.** —(1) Where an offer to settle made by a plaintiff —

(_a_) is not withdrawn and has not expired before the disposal of the claim in
respect of which the offer to settle is made; and

(_b_) is not accepted by the defendant, and the plaintiff obtains a judgment
not less favourable than the terms of the offer to settle,

the plaintiff is entitled to costs on the standard basis to the date an offer
to settle was served and costs on the indemnity basis from that date, unless
the Court orders otherwise.

(2) Where an accepted offer to settle does not provide for costs —

(_a_) where the offer was made by the plaintiff, he will be entitled to his
costs assessed to the date that the notice of acceptance was served;

(_b_) where the offer was made by the defendant, the plaintiff will be
entitled to his costs assessed to the date he was served with the offer, and
the defendant will be entitled to his costs from the date 14 days after the
date of the service of the offer assessed up to the date that the notice of
acceptance was served.

(3) Where an offer to settle made by a defendant —

(_a_) is not withdrawn and has not expired before the disposal of the claim in
respect of which the offer to settle is made; and

(_b_) is not accepted by the plaintiff, and the plaintiff obtains judgment not
more favourable than the terms of the offer to settle,

the plaintiff is entitled to costs on the standard basis to the date the offer
was served and the defendant is entitled to costs on the indemnity basis from
that date, unless the Court orders otherwise.

(4) (_a_) Any interest awarded in respect of the period before service of the
offer to settle is to be considered by the Court in determining whether the
plaintiff’s judgment is more favourable than the terms of the offer to settle.

(_b_) Any interest awarded in respect of the period after service of the offer
to settle is not to be considered by the Court in determining whether the
plaintiff’s judgment is more favourable than the terms of the offer to settle.

(5) Without prejudice to paragraphs (1), (2) and (3), where an offer to settle
has been made, and notwithstanding anything in the offer to settle, the Court
shall have full power to determine by whom and to what extent any costs are to
be paid, and the Court may make such a determination upon the application of a
party or of its own motion.

11 The appellant’s submission was that the proper order of costs should be
that each party pay its own costs for the following reasons:

(a) It was fair and equitable that each party pay its own costs as both
parties had some measure of success.

(b) The OTS should be disregarded as it was ambiguous in that it referred only
to the claim and not the counterclaim (citing _SBS Transit Ltd v Teo Chye Seng
Douglas_ [2005] SGHC 15).

(c) The judgment obtained was more favourable than the OTS by $8.96 (which
represented the interest on the judgment sum computed at the rate of 5.33% per
annum from the date of filing of the writ and the making of the OTS) as
judgment interest in respect of the period before the service of the OTS had
to be taken into consideration (see O 22A r 9(4)).

(d) The OTS was withdrawn on 13 February 2008 when the respondent counter-
proposed that the appellant pay costs either at $4,000 or to be taxed.

12 The respondent’s submission was that it should be awarded indemnity costs
from the date of the OTS for the following reasons:

(a) The OTS was clear and unequivocal, and there was no reason for the
appellant not to accept it.

(b) The judgment sum was not more favourable than the OTS as the judgment
interest was only $8.96, _ie_ , it could be considered _de minimis_.

(c) The OTS was not withdrawn as the parties were only working out the costs
issue. The fact remained that the appellant had obtained a consent judgment
for the same amount in the OTS.

(d) The respondent had, by way of the OTS, made a genuine and serious attempt
to settle the dispute and to save costs and judicial time, whereas the
appellant had adopted an uncompromising stand throughout the proceedings,
including refusing mediation and even an agreed bundle of documents.

13 The Judge made the following findings:

(a) The OTS was not ambiguous: it clearly referred to the proceedings, _ie_ ,
both the claim and the counterclaim, and not merely the claim. The appellant
could not have been confused as, even before the writ was issued, the
respondent had already made an offer to set off the counterclaim against the
claim.

(b) The respondent’s counter-offer on costs had the automatic effect of
withdrawing the OTS as provided in para 4 of the OTS.

(c) The judgment sum was more favourable than the OTS even though the amount
in excess was only $8.96 (see _Singapore Airlines_ _Ltd v Tan Shwu Leng_
[2001] 4 SLR 593 (“ _Singapore Airlines Ltd_ ”) at [4]).

14 On these findings, the Judge held that the OTS did not satisfy the
requirements of O 22A r 9(3)(_b_). Nevertheless, he held that the OTS was
relevant in the determination of the issue of costs because of O 22A r 12 of
the ROC, which provides as follows:

Without prejudice to Rules 9 and 10, the Court, in exercising its discretion
with respect to costs, may take into account any offer to settle, the date the
offer was made, the terms of the offer and the extent to which the plaintiff’s
judgment is more favourable than the terms of the offer to settle.

For this proposition, the Judge referred to the following passages at [36] and
[38] of the judgment of the Court of Appeal in _Singapore Airlines Ltd_ as
follows:

It will be seen that r 12 tempers the rigours of r 9 and gives the court a
wide discretion to do justice as between the parties even in a case where the
offer is less than the sum awarded in the judgment.

…

The scheme of things under O 22A is verily to encourage the plaintiffs to be
realistic in their assessment of what they are entitled to and on the part of
the defendants, to make reasonable offers, on pain of having to bear the costs
on the indemnity basis if they should persist in their exaggerated claims or
maintain their unreasonable position (in respect of an offer from the
plaintiff)_._ The order seeks to promote responsible conduct on the part of
both parties. It discourages obstinacy. The wide discretion given to the court
in r 12 is to enable the court to take all pertinent facts and circumstances
into account and arrive at an order on costs which is fair and just. __

15 Applying the test of what is just and fair, the Judge found that the
conduct of the appellant was unreasonable (see _Harte Denis Matthew v Tan Hun
Hoe_ [2001] SGHC 19 at [35]) and that it had wasted resources, time and costs.
The appellant was aware that the respondent had made a counterclaim even
before it commenced proceedings. Yet it made the counter-offer only one week
before the trial, and after a delay of more than eight months. The Judge was
of the view (at [46] of his grounds of decision (“the GD”)) that to order each
party to pay its own costs “would have unduly favoured a lackadaisical and
irresponsible litigant, and subvert the very spirit behind O.22A, which ‘is to
encourage the termination of litigation by agreement of the parties – more
speedily and less expensively than by judgment of the court at the end of the
trial’: _The “Endurance 1”_ [1999] 1 SLR 661 at [42]”.

16 The Judge also referred to the exceptions, under O 59 r 3(2), to the
general rule that costs follow the event. In this respect, he held at [48] of
the GD that:

One such exception is where a party has conducted his case ‘unreasonably or
improperly’ – for instance, ‘by omitting to do any thing the doing of which
would have been calculated to save costs’. In such circumstances, the court
may order that the party bear his own costs so occasioned and to pay the costs
so occasioned to the other party: O.59, r.7(1) & (2)(a). Thus, a party who
unreasonably fails to resolve issues when he has the opportunity to do so may
be penalized in costs: _Chan Choy Ling v Chua Che Teck_ [1995] 3 SLR 667 at
[23].

17 For those reasons, and applying the exceptions, the Judge decided that the
respondent should be awarded indemnity costs from the date of the OTS.

The Appeal

18 Before me, counsel for both parties proceeded on the basis that the Judge
had applied O 22A r 12 to determine the costs issue against the appellant. In
my view, it was not clear that this was correct. The Judge had said nothing in
the GD that r 12 was applicable to the case, but only observed that the OTS
was relevant for costs determination because of O 22A and r 12 and, in support
of his view, cited what the Court of Appeal had said in relation to r 12
specifically and O 22A generally in _Singapore Airlines_ _Ltd_ ([13] _supra_).
That does not necessarily mean that the Judge was applying O 22A r 12 in the
hearing before him.

19 Nevertheless, proceeding on the basis as understood by counsel, the
appellant’s case before me was that the Judge was wrong to apply O 22A r 12 as
a sword and to use it to invoke O 22A r 9 to impose indemnity costs against
the appellant, when r 9 did not apply to the facts of the case. The
appellant’s case raised two questions:

(a) whether the Judge had erred in his application of O 22A r 12; and

(b) if he did not, whether there were special circumstances warranting an
order for indemnity costs.

20 In the larger context of offers to settle, this appeal also raises issues
concerning the scope of r 9 and its relationship to r 12 and also the
relationship between O 22A and O 59 of the ROC. Before I give my views on
these questions and issues, it is necessary to examine the terms of r 9, and,
in particular, r 9(3)(_b_) in relation to offers to settle made by defendants,
which was the case here.

**_Scope of Order 22A rule 9(3)_**

21 Order 22A r 9(3) is clear enough. It provides that if the defendant’s offer
to settle is not withdrawn and has not expired before the disposal of the
claim in respect of which the offer is made, _and_ the offer is not accepted
by the plaintiff, and the plaintiff obtains judgment not more favourable than
the terms of the offer to settle, the plaintiff is entitled to costs on the
standard basis to the date the offer was served and the defendant is entitled
to costs on the indemnity basis from that date, _unless the court orders
otherwise_. Built into the specific directions on costs in r 9(3) is the power
of the court to order otherwise. Order 22A r 9(1), which applies to offers to
settle made by plaintiffs, also vests the same power in the court.

22 However, in the present case, there was no occasion for the Judge to decide
under r 9(3)(_b_) because he had decided that the OTS did not satisfy its
requirements. He had found on the facts that (a) the OTS had been withdrawn;
(b) the appellant had not accepted the OTS; and (c) the judgment sum (under
the consent judgment) was more favourable than the OTS.

23 Since r 9(3)(_b_) did not apply to the facts of the case, the ordinary
principles of costs under O 59 would have applied to the case to determine
which party had to pay what kind of costs to the other party with respect to
the claim and counterclaim, unless there was some other rule that was
applicable. As I have mentioned earlier, it is not clear whether the Judge had
held that O 22A r 12 was applicable. Nevertheless, applying the spirit of r 12
and the Court of Appeal’s statement in _Singapore Airlines Ltd_ ([13] _supra_)
on the purpose of O 22A, the Judge awarded the respondent indemnity costs from
the date of the OTS even though the judgment sum was more favourable than the
OTS (in this case, by $8.96). Proceeding on the basis (as agreed by the
parties) that the Judge did apply r 12, the question was whether he was
correct in law to do so on the facts of the case.

**_Is Order 22A rule 12 applicable, if Order 22A rule 9 is not applicable?_**

24 The Judge, having referred to the statement of the Court of Appeal in
_Singapore Airlines_ _Ltd_ (at [36]) that “r 12 tempers the rigours of r 9”
and (at [38]) that “[t]he wide discretion given to the court in r 12 is to
enable the court to take all pertinent facts and circumstances into account
and arrive at an order on costs which is fair and just”, held that the
appellant’s unreasonable conduct in the proceedings justified an order that it
pay indemnity costs. Counsel for the appellant contended that the Judge was
wrong as he had applied O 22A r 9(3)(_b_) in his determination on costs when
the OTS and the circumstances surrounding it rendered r 9(3)(_b_) inapplicable
to the case. In other words, r 12 could not be used to temper the rigours of a
non-applicable rule as there was nothing to temper. It was argued that, in
effect, the Judge had used r 12 to invoke r 9(3)(_b_) when he had already
found r 9(3)(_b_) to be inapplicable.

25 In my view, this argument has logic to support it. If r 12 is intended to
temper the rigours of r 9, then logically it does not apply where r 9 is not
applicable. The Court of Appeal’s statement in _Singapore Airlines Ltd_ that r
12 tempers the rigours of r 9 was made in the context of a situation _where
the offered sum in the offer to settle was less than the sum awarded in the
judgment._ In that case, the plaintiff had claimed damages against the
defendants who made an offer to settle (at $350,000) about three years after
the writ was issued. The plaintiff rejected the offer to settle because she
wanted higher damages. The defendants admitted liability and, in assessing
damages, the assistant registrar assessed damages in a sum that was lower than
the offer to settle, and ordered costs in accordance with r 9(3)(_b_). The
plaintiff appealed successfully on the quantum of damages and the result was
that the judgment sum became slightly more than the offer to settle. However,
the Judge was of the view that because the plaintiff’s refusal to accept the
offer to settle was unreasonable (she had demanded exorbitant damages at about
$1m and had delayed accepting the offer to settle for more than six months)
she should be awarded only nominal costs of $1,000. She appealed to the Court
of Appeal which dismissed her appeal.

26 Accordingly, in _Singapore Airlines Ltd_ , r 12 did not apply to the facts
in that case and it was inappropriate for the court to use r 12 to reduce the
costs of the plaintiff. The court should have used r 9(5) as will be explained
later (see [44] and [45] below). As the judgment sum in the present case is
more than the sum offered in the OTS, the Court of Appeal’s statement is not
applicable to the present case, and cannot be used as a basis to order
indemnity costs against the appellant.

27 In my view, the reason why r 12 cannot apply to the present case is that r
12 is not an empowering rule. Rule 12 cannot be used as a free-standing rule
to impose costs because it does not vest any power in the court to order costs
in relation to offers to settle. Rule 12 provides that, _in exercising its
discretion_ with respect to costs, the court may take into account the matters
mentioned therein, _viz_ : (a) any offer to settle; (b) the date of the offer;
(c) the terms of the offer; and (d) the extent to which the plaintiff’s
judgment is more favourable than the terms of the offer to settle. Rule 12
merely provides the guidelines for the exercise of the court’s discretion. It
is not an empowering rule. The empowering rules are found somewhere else. They
are found in rr 9(1)(_b_) and 9(3)(_b_) and also r 9(5). These are the only
rules empowering the court to award costs in relation to offers to settle. It
therefore follows that if r 9(3)(_b_) does not apply to an offer to settle,
then r 12 cannot be applied to r 9(3)(_b_) in order to temper its rigours.
However, where r 9 applies to an offer to settle and the court is desirous of
deciding otherwise (contrary to the prescribed costs), then r 12 sets out the
matters the court may take into account for that purpose.

28 Order 22A r 12 begins with the words “Without prejudice to Rules 9 and 10,
the Court, _in exercising its discretion_ with respect to costs, may”
[emphasis added]. The expression “without prejudice” in a statutory provision
ordinarily means that what follows in that provision (here, the factors to be
taken into account) is not to impair the force of the existing provisions and
is therefore not to override or repeal them (see _Public Prosecutor v Viran_
[1947] 1 MLJ 62 at 64 _per_ Spenser-Wilkinson J). Accordingly, with reference
to r 12, the expression means that r 12 may not be applied in any way that
would diminish or impair the operation of r 9 (with the consequences
prescribed by r 9 itself). Rule 12 assumes a case where r 9(3)(_b_) is
applicable, and given that that rule allows the court to decide otherwise than
in accordance with the prescribed costs, no such impairment will occur.

29 In my view, r 12 cannot be construed as a free-standing empowering
provision to enable the court to order costs at its discretion in order to do
justice. If that were the intention of the Rules Committee, it would have
expressly stated that the court “shall have full power to determine by whom
and to what extent any costs are to be paid” (see _eg_ , the formulation in O
22A r 9(5) which was inserted in 1999 and which gives an overriding discretion
to the court to order costs in cases involving offers to settle).

30 Accordingly, if the Judge did apply r 12 to order indemnity costs against
the appellant, his decision was wrong in law. However, I think he was doubtful
about the application of r 12 as ultimately he appeared to have relied on O 59
to order indemnity costs against the appellant.

31 As r 12 has no application to the OTS in the present case, it is not
necessary for me to deal with the argument that it cannot be used as a sword.
I will now consider the application of O 59 to the facts of the present case.

**_Relationship between Order 22A and Order 59_**

32 At [48] of the GD, the Judge also referred to O 59 rr 7(1) and 7(2) in
deciding to order indemnity costs against the appellant. However, it is also
not clear whether the Judge actually relied on O 59 rr 7(1) and 7(2) to give
him a separate and distinct power to order the appellant to pay indemnity
costs or merely to reinforce his reliance on O 22A r 12. As O 59 gives the
court unfettered power to deal with costs (see O 59 r 2), the Judge would have
been justified in relying on O 59 rr 7(1) and 7(2) to order indemnity costs
against the appellant in an appropriate case. But it has to be said that
indemnity costs are an exception and have to be exceptionally justified.

33 Order 59 rr 7(1) and 7(2) provide as follows:

**7.** —(1) Where it appears to the Court in any proceedings that any thing
has been done, or that any omission has been made, unreasonably or improperly
by or on behalf of any party, the Court may order that the costs of that party
in respect of the act or omission, as the case may be, shall not be allowed
and that any costs occasioned by it to any other party shall be paid by him to
that other party.

(2) Without prejudice to the generality of paragraph (1), the Court shall for
the purpose of that paragraph have regard in particular to the following
matters:

(_a_) the omission to do any thing the doing of which would have been
calculated to save costs;

(_b_) the doing of any thing calculated to occasion, or in a manner or at a
time calculated to occasion unnecessary costs; and

(_c_) any unnecessary delay in the proceedings.

34 Order 22A was introduced to deal specifically with costs in connection with
offers to settle. Applying established principles of statutory construction,
where a case falls within that order, it should be dealt with according to the
terms of that order. In the present case, O 22A r 9 had no application (and
the other rules were not relevant) to the OTS. Therefore, the case has to be
dealt with under some other rule. It has been noted in _Singapore Court
Practice 2006_ (LexisNexis, 2006) (Jeffrey Pinsler gen ed) at p 581 that:

If the plaintiff obtains a judgment which is more favourable than the terms of
the offer, the costs consequences under the offer to settle process do not
apply. In this event, costs are governed by general principles. (See O 59.)

I agree with this statement as O 59 applies to every case on costs in the
absence of any other specific rule. Order 59 thus applies to the present case.
But whether indemnity costs should be ordered under O 59 raises a very
different issue. However, for reasons given below, I find it unnecessary to
decide whether it was proper for the Judge to have relied on O 59 in the
present case (assuming that he did).

**_Were there circumstances warranting an order for indemnity costs?_**

35 This brings me to the second issue in this appeal, which is whether there
were any circumstances to justify the Judge’s order of costs. This issue has
two aspects. The first concerns the facts and the second involves the exercise
of discretion. On the first aspect, the Judge has found on the facts that the
respondent had acted reasonably and expeditiously in trying to settle the
claim, whereas the appellant had acted unreasonably and had adopted an
uncompromising stance throughout the proceedings in: (a) refusing to accept
the respondent’s counterclaim; (b) rebuffing the respondent’s request for
mediation; and (c) rejecting the OTS for eight months on the unmeritorious
ground that it was ambiguous, before making a conditional offer just one week
before the date of the trial of the action to accept it, with each party
bearing its own costs. The respondent rejected this offer of the appellant by
making a counter-offer on costs. The Judge held that this counter-offer had
the effect of withdrawing the OTS under para 4 of the OTS. By this stage, it
was already clear that the appellant’s actions had led to wastage of
resources, time and costs. The appellant’s conduct of the litigation subverted
the rationale and spirit behind O 22A.

36 In my view, there was sufficient evidence for the Judge to make the
findings he did, and there was no reason for me to disturb them.

37 With respect to the second aspect of the second issue, _ie_ , the exercise
of discretion, here again, unless the appellant could show that the Judge had
exercised his discretion contrary to law, there was no basis to disturb his
decision on costs. In this respect, too, I could find no basis to disagree
with the Judge’s exercise of discretion on costs.

**_Was the appellant’s judgment sum more favourable than the OTS?_**

38 Another issue of fact which I would like to consider here is whether the
judgment sum was more favourable than the OTS, although my conclusion is
tentative and does not affect my reasoning on the main issue of law. The Judge
found (at [31] of the GD) that the judgment sum, together with interest of
$8.96, was more favourable than the OTS by $8.96, citing the Court of Appeal’s
statement in _Singapore Airlines_ _Ltd_ ([13] _supra_ at [30]) that “once it
was shown that the offer was less than the judgment sum _no matter how
slightly_ , O 22A r 9(3) did not apply” [emphasis added]. The respondent’s
first argument on this issue was that the interest amount was _de minimis_ and
should not be considered when calculating the judgment sum _,_ a point I am
disposed to agree with.

39 My view is as follows. In _Singapore Airlines Ltd_ , the Court of Appeal
was considering the case of a judgment sum which did not involve the payment
of interest. In the present case, it was the agreed interest that made the
judgment sum more favourable than the OTS by $8.96 (because under r 9(4)(_a_),
the interest awarded in respect of the period before the service of the offer
to settle may be taken into account). In the context of the appellant’s
conduct, the excess was truly _de minimis_ because, if the appellant had
accepted the respondent’s offer of a set-off, the action would not have been
commenced in the first place _._ Nevertheless, I am bound by the Court of
Appeal’s statement if it is applicable to the present case.

40 The second argument on this issue is that the relevant words in O 22A r
9(3)(_b_) are whether “the plaintiff obtains judgment not more favourable than
the terms of the offer to settle”. The word “favourable” has to be interpreted
in the context in which it is used. What is favourable has to be determined on
the terms of the offer to settle, and it may contain many terms. In an
ordinary case of a debt or damages claim, it would apply to the sum offered,
although not _only_ to the sum offered. In _Singapore Airlines Ltd_ , the
Court of Appeal was concerned only with the sum offered in the offer to
settle, comparing it with the judgment sum. In that situation, it is easy to
see which is more favourable in terms of the amount. The Court of Appeal
insisted on absolute certainty in numbers. That is a reasonable approach where
the only term is the amount offered. But r 9(3) goes beyond that. The
statement in _Singapore Airlines Ltd_ should be read in that light. In an
offer to settle which contains many terms, the sum offered in settlement is
only one factor to be taken into account in determining whether the
plaintiff’s judgment is more favourable than the offer to settle.

41 In this connection, the duration of the offer should be taken into account.
Here, the OTS was open to acceptance until it was withdrawn or until the
judgment date. Either date was longer than eight months after the date of the
OTS. If the appellant had accepted the OTS within a reasonable time after the
date of the OTS (say not more than 14 days) he would have had the use of the
money, and the interest, income or other benefit that would have accrued from
its use should be taken into account in determining whether the sum offered
would have been more favourable than the judgment sum. In _Singapore Airlines
Ltd_ , the Court of Appeal adverted to this factor where it said (at [6]):

The offer made by the defendants was $350,000. Taking into account the
interest which this sum would have earned from the date of the offer up to the
date of the assessment by the assistant registrar, it would become
$351,809.82. As this sum was still less than the total sum of $352,279.33
awarded, [the judge] also altered the decision below on costs. The defendants
were ordered to pay the [the plaintiff’s] costs up to the date of the offer.
As for the costs incurred after the offer, [the judge] fixed them at $1,000
payable by the defendants to [the plaintiff]. As for the costs of the appeal
before the High Court, [the judge] also fixed it at $5,000, payable by the
defendants to [the plaintiff].

42 This passage recognises that the interest or benefit that would have
accrued to the plaintiff in accepting an offer to settle at an early date is a
consideration to be taken into account in determining whether the plaintiff’s
judgment is more favourable than the offer to settle. The Court of Appeal’s
later statement at [30] (see [38] above) with respect to only the principal of
the judgment sum should be read in the light of its earlier statement at [6]
(see [41] above).

43 On this basis, the judgment obtained by the appellant was not more
favourable than the terms of the OTS and hence, under O 22A r 9(3)(_b_), the
respondent would have been entitled to costs on an indemnity basis from the
date of the OTS.

**_Applicability of Order 22A rule 9(5)_**

44 I should discuss one further rule which the parties have not cited to the
Judge or to me nor was it referred to by the Court of Appeal in _Singapore
Airlines Ltd._ Order 22A was amended in 1999 by the insertion of r 9(5) to
give the court an overriding discretion to deal with costs in offers to
settle. It also addressed the lacuna in the ROC which did not provide for
situations where the offer to settle fell outside the ambit of the
requirements in rr 9(1) and 9(3). Although r 9(5) is expressed to be “without
prejudice to paragraphs (1), (2) and (3)” (just like r 12 is expressed to be
without prejudice to rr 9 and 10), but otherwise, unlike r 12, it provides
that where an offer to settle has been made, and notwithstanding anything in
the offer to settle, _the court shall have full power_ to determine by whom
and to what extent any costs are to be paid, and the court may make such a
determination upon the application of a party or of its own motion. These are
empowering words not found in r 12.

45  In the present case, the Judge did not rely on r 9(5) in ordering
indemnity costs against the appellant. But, in my view, r 9(5) is applicable
to the present case, whether or not r 9(3)(_b_) applies. The reason is that r
9(5) vests the court with full power to determine by whom and to what extent
any costs are to be paid, so long as it is exercised without prejudice to rr
9(1), 9(2) and 9(3). Following from my observations (see [28] and [29] above),
if r 9(3)(_b_) has no application to the present case, any decision by the
court under r 9(5) would not have diminished or impaired r 9(3). The
introduction of r 9(5) has made it unnecessary for the court to rely on O 59
to determine costs in relation to offers to settle.

46 As the Judge had the power to order indemnity costs against the appellant
under O 22A r 9(5), the issue here is ultimately one concerning the proper
exercise of the court’s discretion. Were there any circumstances that
justified the Judge in ordering indemnity costs against the appellant? Given
the circumstances in the present case, it is difficult to disagree with the
Judge’s conclusion that the appellant was wholly unreasonable in not accepting
the OTS expeditiously (which would have entailed a loss of interest of
probably not more than $10) and dragging the litigation on for another eight
months.

47 For the reasons set out above, the appeal was dismissed with costs.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 21 Nov 2008 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

