Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Trane US, Inc and Others v Kirkham John Reginald Stott and Others  
[2008] SGHC 240

Case Number | : | Suit 676/2007, SUM 5167/2007, 5248/2007, 5249/2007  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 26 December 2008  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Tay Yong Kwang J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Niru Pillai (Niru & Co) for the plaintiffs; Chelva Rajah, SC and Chew Kei-Jin (Tan Rajah & Cheah) for the defendants   
Parties | : |  Trane US, Inc; Trane International Inc; Trane Export LLC — Kirkham John Reginald Stott; Solutions Pte Ltd; PT Tatasolusi Pratama   
  
Civil Procedure  
  
Courts and Jurisdiction  
  

26 December 2008 |   
---|---  
  
Tay Yong Kwang J:

The plaintiffs’ claim

1 The first plaintiff is a company incorporated in the State of Delaware, USA.
It carries on the business of providing air conditioning systems and services
under the Trane name (“Trane products”). The first and the second plaintiffs
are wholly-owned subsidiaries of American Standard Companies Inc. The third
plaintiff, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the second plaintiff, is a company
incorporated in the State of Delaware, USA and is a provider of Trane
products.

2 The first defendant is a director of the second and the third defendants. He
is a Singapore citizen and is a shareholder of the third defendant and a
director of Amazon Investments (Singapore) Private Limited (“Amazon”), the
sole-shareholder of the second defendant. The plaintiffs aver that the first
defendant is the _alter ego_ of the second and the third defendants. The
second defendant is a company incorporated in Singapore carrying on the
business of an investment company and of the provision of management and
administrative support services. The third defendant is a trading company
incorporated in Indonesia with a branch registered here.

3 On or about 15 May 1990, the first plaintiff procured the incorporation of
TAC Distribution Pte Ltd (“TAC”) for the contemplated distribution of Trane
products in Singapore, Malaysia, Indonesia and Brunei. On or about 23 July
1990, the first plaintiff and the second defendant entered into a
shareholders’ agreement in relation to TAC (“the shareholders' agreement”),
which was to be governed by Singapore law and under which the parties
submitted to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the Singapore courts. Under
this agreement, TAC would distribute and sell Trane products in Singapore.
Separate subsidiaries of the first plaintiff were to be incorporated for the
distribution of Trane products in Malaysia, Indonesia and Brunei. Once such
subsidiaries were incorporated in Malaysia and Brunei, the shareholders'
agreement would cease to apply to these countries.

4 The first plaintiff would hold no less than 30% of the share capital of TAC
and the second defendant would hold up to 70% of the same. Pre-emptive rights
were conferred on the parties should either of them decide to divest
themselves of their shareholding.

5 On or about 17 August 1990, the first plaintiff and TAC entered into a
distributor agreement for TAC to distribute and sell Trane products in
Singapore, Malaysia and Brunei (“the distributor agreement”). Under this
agreement, TAC was appointed the first plaintiff’s exclusive authorised
distributor of Trane products in these three countries. TAC’s rights under
this distributor agreement were non-transferable. All trade secrets and other
intellectual property rights of the first plaintiff made available to TAC
could not be disclosed to third parties. Like the shareholders' agreement, the
distributor agreement was also governed by Singapore law.

6 On or about 8 November 1991, the first plaintiff and TAC entered into an
amended distributor agreement (“the amended distributor agreement”) which
extended the territories covered by the distributor agreement to Indonesia.
This agreement, which was also governed by Singapore law, had a clause which
provided that the parties agreed to form a joint venture operating subsidiary
in Indonesia only when it was permissible under Indonesian law for the first
plaintiff’s parent company to be shareholder in such an entity (“clause B”).
The plaintiffs aver that clause B was never put into effect.

7 In October 1998, the second defendant transferred its shares in TAC to the
first plaintiff which then became the sole shareholder of TAC. The plaintiffs
contend that by reason of this, the shareholders' agreement ceased to have
effect.

8 While no Indonesian entity was formally appointed distributor, TAC sold
Trane products in Indonesia with the third defendant until the first
plaintiff’s acquisition of all the shares of TAC. The plaintiffs aver that the
first plaintiff did not object to such an arrangement between TAC and the
third defendant at that time because the first defendant was the _alter ego_
of the second and the third defendants and the second defendant was a
shareholder of TAC. They allege that the arrangement was informal and could be
terminated at will by either TAC or the third defendant.

9 After the first plaintiff became the sole shareholder of TAC, the first
plaintiff proposed a formal arrangement with the third defendant to appoint it
directly as a non-exclusive distributor in Indonesia. In October 1999, the
first plaintiff sent a draft distributor agreement between the third plaintiff
and the third defendant to the first and the second defendants. This provided
for a non-exclusive and non-transferable distributorship for five years to be
followed thereafter by automatic one-year renewals. It could be terminated by
either party upon giving 12 months’ written notice and upon termination, all
proprietary information would be returned to the third plaintiff with no right
to retain any copy of the same.

10 Although this draft distributor agreement was not signed, the plaintiffs
regarded the third defendant as the first plaintiff’s non-exclusive
distributor in Indonesia, with such distributorship renewable annually at the
first plaintiff’s sole discretion. The plaintiffs contend that the informal
distributorship thus created was also governed by Singapore law.

11 The first plaintiff decided not to renew the distributorship arrangement
after June 2004. Any further distribution of Trane products by the third
defendant thereafter was on an _ad hoc_ basis. The plaintiffs discovered that
the third defendant was also distributing a direct competitor’s (McQuay)
products. By its solicitors’ letter dated 4 October 2005, the first plaintiff
terminated the _ad hoc_ arrangements with the third defendant with immediate
effect with provisions for an orderly wind-down of existing orders. All
outstanding arrears due from the third defendant to the first plaintiff or its
related company would have to be paid within 30 days from 4 October 2005 (“the
accounts receivable claim”). Under this claim, the plaintiffs the third
defendant was also to return to the first plaintiff all documents, contract
and material in relation to the third defendant’s list of customers for Trane
products and to cease using the plaintiffs’ trade mark and logo (“the
intellectual property claim”). The plaintiffs claim that the third defendant
continues to use the second plaintiff’s trade mark and logo.

12 Accordingly, the first plaintiff claims a declaration that the defendants
do not have any proprietary or other interests or rights in the distribution
of Trane products, whether arising from the shareholders' agreement, the
distributor agreement or the amended distributor agreement. The first
plaintiff also seeks an injunction to restrain the defendants from commencing
or continuing with any proceedings in Indonesia or elsewhere, directly or
indirectly relating to the sale and distribution of Trane products or to any
rights of any kind whatsoever arising out the said three agreements or
otherwise, including the court action already filed in Indonesia. Under the
intellectual property claim, the second plaintiff claims against the first
and/or the third defendants damages and an injunction restraining them from
using its trade mark and logo. The third plaintiff claims against the same
defendants the sum of US$1,249,632.46 under the accounts receivable claim and
an order for delivery up of its hardware and software relating to Trane
products and an injunction restraining the said defendants from using such
hardware and software under the intellectual property claim.

The interlocutory applications

13 SUM No. 5167 of 2007 is an application by the defendants for an order that
all further proceedings in this action be stayed on the ground of _forum non
conveniens_. This application was dismissed in circumstances which will be
elaborated on later in this judgment.

14 SUM No. 5248 of 2007 is an application by the first plaintiff for an order
that the defendants be restrained from commencing or continuing with the court
proceedings in Indonesia (Majlis Hakim Perkara No. 804/Pdt.G/2007/PN.Jak.Sel)
or elsewhere, directly or indirectly relating to the sale, distribution or
dealings in Trane products or relating to any rights of any kind whatsoever
arising out the shareholders' agreement, distributor agreement and/or the
amended distributor agreement or otherwise, pending the trial of the present
action or until further order. I granted the order sought subject to the usual
undertaking as to damages.

15 SUM No. 5249 of 2007 is an application by the first and the second
plaintiffs for an order that the first and/or the third defendants deliver up
within 14 days the materials under the intellectual property claims, that they
be restrained from using the same and the second plaintiff’s trade mark and
logo directly or indirectly pending trial of this action or until further
order and from holding themselves out as being authorised to represent Trane
products. This application was granted on the basis that the intellectual
property sought be delivered up to the defendants’ solicitors as stakeholders
pending appeal. The circumstances leading to this order will also be explained
subsequently.

16 By consent, SUM No. 5248 of 2007 was heard first out of the three
applications listed above. This application was heard in the afternoon after
two other applications by the parties (SUM No. 5624 of 2007 and SUM No. 2258
of 2008) were heard and dealt with in the morning. As the hearing lasted until
6.45pm that day, SUM No. 5167 of 2007 and SUM No. 5249 of 2007 were adjourned
and heard on another day.

The plaintiffs’ arguments in SUM No. 5248 of 2007

17 This is essentially an application for an anti-suit injunction to restrain
the defendants from proceeding with the Indonesian court action (see [14]
above).

18 The plaintiffs’ case is that the second and the third defendants are merely
corporate manifestations of the first defendant. All three agreements (the
shareholders' agreement, the distributor agreement and the amended distributor
agreement) were reached and drawn up in Singapore and provided that Singapore
law would be the governing law.

19 The shareholders' agreement constituted the complete agreement between the
first plaintiff and the second defendant. It provided for the non-exclusive
jurisdiction of the Singapore courts and the parties further agreed
specifically that the courts of the United Kingdom shall have jurisdiction
over any dispute arising from this agreement. This agreement was between the
first plaintiff and the second defendant as shareholders of TAC. It provided
no substantive rights to the second defendant and certainly none to the third
defendant which did not even exist at the material time.

20 The third defendant was appointed as distributor for Trane products on an
annual and non-exclusive basis. This was evidenced by the annual certificates
issued which would typically provide as follows:

To Whom It May Concern

This is to certify that Trane Indonesia (PT Tatasolusi Pratama) is a
representative of the Trane Company in Indonesia, and as such, subject to
Trane policies and procedures, is tasked to handle the Sales and after Sales
Service of Trane equipment as well as parts in Indonesia.

This certification is valid until June 2001.

The words “a representative” mean that other representatives could be
appointed and hence demolish any claim about an exclusive distributorship. The
annual certificates also show that there could be no claim to perpetual
rights.

21 The second and the third defendants have commenced an action in tort in
Indonesia for losses allegedly emanating from the shareholders' agreement. The
plaintiffs submit that they have done so knowing that they have no possible
rights against the plaintiffs. The Indonesian action therefore has no
realistic prospects of success and is merely a tactical ploy to force the
plaintiffs into a settlement.

22 In the Indonesian action, the claim appears to flow from the contractual
relationship between the first plaintiff and the second defendant in the
shareholders' agreement and that the third defendant, although not a party to
this agreement, somehow derived rights under it anyway. The second and the
third defendants claim damages of US$69m because of wrongful termination of
their rights. The third defendant’s claim that it was the plaintiffs’
exclusive and perpetual distributor in Indonesia must fail because there was
no privity of contract and no documentary proof of any such appointment has
been referred to. Likewise, the second defendant, having suffered no loss,
cannot sue the first plaintiff. As a shareholder, the second defendant cannot
recover damages merely because the company in which it is interested has
suffered damage (_Townsing Henry George v Jenton Overseas Investment Pte Ltd
(in liquidation)_ [2007] 2 SLR 597).

23 Without the alleged exclusive and perpetual distributorship rights, there
would be no valid cause of action in Indonesia at all. It is not enough for
the defendants to show that they did distribute Trane products from time to
time. The claim to exclusive and perpetual rights contradicts the written
documents. The fact that the certificates were issued annually (see [20]
above) and the terminology used in such certificates show clearly that the
claim to exclusivity and perpetuity cannot stand. The defendants’ assertion
that, notwithstanding the lack of written documentation, they have been
advised by their Indonesian solicitors that the third defendant has acquired
“various rights” from the plaintiffs as their distributor under Indonesian law
does not identify what these rights are or what the primary facts are for
sustaining such a conclusion.

24 The plaintiffs also contend that the Singapore court is the natural forum
for trying this dispute between the parties. All the agreements listed out
earlier are governed by the laws of Singapore. The defendants have agreed to
submit to either Singapore’s or United Kingdom’s jurisdiction for the
determination of any disputes arising from the parties’ relationship. The
defendants’ alleged claim in tort in Indonesia is founded on the substratum of
the agreements which are not to be construed according to Indonesian law. To
allow the defendants to continue with their action in Indonesia will result in
two decisions in two jurisdictions, a result to be eschewed.

The defendants’ arguments in SUM No. 5248 of 2007

25 The defendants submit that the third defendant was the exclusive authorised
distributor of Trane products in Indonesia from 1993 until October 2005 when
the plaintiffs wrongfully terminated its distributorship. The second
defendant, a Singapore company, is wholly owned by Amazon and is the majority
shareholder (about 89%) of the third defendant. The remaining 11% of the
shares are held by four individuals who are not resident in Singapore. The
first defendant is the majority shareholder of Amazon, owning slightly more
than 56% of its shares. The other shareholders are the family members of the
first defendant. The first defendant is also a director of the second
defendant and a Commissioner of the third defendant. Contrary to the
plaintiffs’ allegations, the first defendant was never a director or
shareholder of the third defendant.

26 The second defendant had a joint venture relationship with the first
plaintiff in TAC in Singapore and in another joint venture company in
Malaysia. These relationships arose of the shareholders' agreement. The
distributor agreement provided for exclusive distribution of Trane products
for an indefinite term unless terminated on account of a material breach or
upon 12 months’ notice. Indonesia was not included in the distributor
agreement at that time because another company had the rights to distribute
Trane products in Indonesia then. However, it was intended even then that
Indonesia would be included as one of the territories under the distributor
agreement.

27 The third defendant was incorporated in Indonesia in 1993 pursuant to TAC’s
obligations under the amended distributor agreement and it became the
exclusive distributor of Trane products in that country since that year.
Although it was envisaged that a separate written distributor agreement would
be entered into for Indonesia, that was not done. The first plaintiff did not
take up any shares in the third defendant.

28 No dispute arises out of the shareholders' agreement, the distributor
agreement or the amended distributor agreement as none of them conferred
distribution rights on the third defendant. The dispute relates to the rights
acquired by the third defendant under Indonesian law in relation to the
distribution of Trane products in Indonesia. The appropriate forum for trying
the dispute is therefore Indonesia.

29 In August 2005, the first plaintiff, in its bid to wrest distributorship
from the third defendant, among other things, made a public announcement to
the third defendant’s customers that the third defendant was never a
distributor of Trane products in Indonesia. This led to notices from the third
defendant’s Indonesian lawyers placing on record the plaintiffs’ wrongful
conduct. On 4 October 2005, the plaintiffs’ solicitors wrote to the third
defendant to declare that the distributorship was terminated, referring for
the first time to the distribution arrangement as an “annual appointment” and
an “ _ad hoc_ ” arrangement. The second and the third defendants therefore
commenced the Indonesian action to enforce their rights under Indonesian law
in relation to the third defendant’s distribution of Trane products in
Indonesia. More than five months after that, the plaintiffs commenced the
present action in Singapore in a clear attempt to usurp the defendants’
legitimate claims in the Indonesian action. It was the defendants’ concerns
about how the first plaintiff would deal with the third defendant that led the
third defendant to explore arrangements relating to the sale of other air
conditioning products (such as McQuay).

30 Although no formal distribution agreement was signed between the first
plaintiff and the third defendant, various rights were acquired by the third
defendant under the laws of Indonesia, being the place of performance of its
obligations as the distributor of Trane products. The plaintiffs have always
acknowledged that the third defendant was their exclusive distributor in
Indonesia until a meeting in April 2004. The third defendant was treated no
differently from any other Trane distributor and was privy to all information
made available to such distributors. It was not true that TAC sold Trane
products in Indonesia with the third defendant. After the incorporation of the
third defendant, TAC played no further material role in the distribution of
Trane products there. TAC and the third defendant were separate entities
distributing Trane products in Singapore and Indonesia respectively.

31 The 1999 draft distributor agreement was not consistent with the existing
arrangements. It was not signed because it provided for non-exclusive
distributorship but is important for one aspect – it stated that the governing
law was to be Indonesian law, just as Malaysian law was the governing law for
the distributor agreement for Malaysia.

32 The annual certificates were issued only because the third defendant
requested them as they were required as a pre-condition for certain tenders.
Such certificates were issued well before 1999 and even in 2005. The
plaintiffs’ characterization of the distributorship arrangement with the third
defendant is therefore not credible and should not be accepted by the court.

33 The plaintiffs’ contentions that the first defendant was the _alter ego_ of
the other defendants are wholly without merit. Although the first defendant
was one of the people responsible for incorporating the second defendant
(which is wholly owned by Amazon, the family investment company), he has not
been involved in the day-to-day operations of the second defendant since 2000.
There is an independent board of five directors which manage the third
defendant. The board of Commissioners, of which the first defendant is a
member, merely supervises the board of directors. As stated earlier, the first
defendant was never a shareholder of the third defendant. The contentions
about _alter ego_ have not been substantiated and are, at best, a triable
issue. No injunction should therefore be made against the first defendant at
this stage.

34 The Indonesian action was commenced by the second and the third defendants
in June 2007 in the district court of South Jakarta against the first
plaintiff and TAC and five other companies and individuals. The proceedings
against the individuals have been discontinued. The Indonesian action arose
out of the plaintiffs’ wrongful unilateral termination of the third defendant
as distributor after considerable sums had been expended by the second
defendant to build up the market for Trane products and the conspiracy to take
over the third defendant’s customers in Indonesia. It was not initiated to
oppress the plaintiffs or for any other ulterior motive. The action was still
at an early stage.

35 The defendants have always regarded Indonesia as the appropriate forum for
the resolution of the dispute. Their Indonesian solicitors have been in
correspondence with the plaintiffs’ solicitors in Singapore. The plaintiffs
have also acknowledged Indonesia as the proper forum by announcing publicly
that they intended to vigorously contest the allegations raised in the
Indonesian action.

The decision of the court

36 In _Bank of America National Trust & Savings Association v Djoni Widjaja_
[1994] 2 SLR 816, the Court of Appeal applied the principles relating to the
grant of injunction to restrain a party to an action from instituting or
pursuing foreign proceedings set out in the Privy Council’s decision in
_Societe Nationale Industrielle Aerospeatiale v Lee Kui Jak_ [1987] AC 871.
The four principles are:

(a) the court’s jurisdiction is to be exercised only when the ends of justice
require it;

(b) where the court decides to grant an injunction restraining proceedings in
a foreign court, its order is directed not against the foreign court but
against the parties so proceeding or threatening to proceed;

(c) an injunction will only be issued restraining a party who is amenable to
the jurisdiction of the court, against whom an injunction will be an effective
remedy;

(d) since such an order indirectly affects the foreign court, the jurisdiction
is one which must be exercised with caution.

The Court of Appeal elaborated on the above principles in the following manner
(at 822B – C):

Applying the principles here, if in this case the court in Singapore is the
natural forum for the determination of the dispute, an injunction should only
be granted if the pursuit of the proceedings by the respondent in Indonesia
would be vexatious or oppressive and, in this connection, account must be
taken of any injustice to the appellants if the respondent was allowed to
pursue those proceedings and also of any injustice to the respondent if he was
not allowed to do so,

37 In _Koh Kay Yew v Inno-Pacific Holdings Ltd_ [1997] 3 SLR 121 (“ _Koh Kay
Yew_ ”), the same Court of Appeal applied the same principles stated above and
considered two questions of fact, namely, whether the respondent was amenable
to the jurisdiction of the court here and whether the foreign proceedings were
vexatious or oppressive. The Court of Appeal said:

17 With regard to the first question of fact, LP Thean JA stated in the _Bank
of America_ case that, as long as a party submitted to the jurisdiction of the
courts, by seeking relief in the local High Court or otherwise, this would
answer the question whether the party was amenable to the jurisdiction of the
court. In our opinion, the same would apply if the party was validly served
with the required court documents as required by the present Rules of Court
finding jurisdiction in Singapore (see s 16 of the Supreme Court of Judicature
Act (Cap 322)). Being amenable to the jurisdiction of the local courts simply
means being liable or accountable to this jurisdiction. As such, so long as
any local courts have in personam jurisdiction over a party, either through
the proper service of documents or through submission to the jurisdiction,
this first criteria (_sic_) would be satisfied.

18 However, in order to reach a conclusion on the second question of fact
(i.e. whether the proceedings in the foreign jurisdiction were vexatious or
oppressive), one would have to consider and analyse all the facts of the case
objectively. In doing so, one would inevitably have to consider the natural
and proper forum for the resolution of the dispute. As we mentioned earlier
when citing LP Thean JA’s judgment in the _Bank of America_ case, the finding
of a natural and proper forum for the determination of the dispute is a
necessary condition precedent to the grant of an injunction restraining
foreign proceedings. …

19 But the analysis does not stop here. The natural and proper forum is but
one of the factors to consider, although we have to qualify that by saying
that it is a necessary condition to satisfy before an injunction can be
granted. A court, when deciding on this second question of fact, should also
look at all the circumstances of the case. This would include taking into
account all those relevant circumstances which have not been considered when
one considers the natural and proper forum issue. One such example not
previously considered would be the kind of remedy sought by the party
proceeding in the foreign jurisdiction … Another could be the stage at which
the foreign proceedings have progressed. In short, all relevant factors should
be taken into account. Once all these other relevant circumstances have been
considered, the court should then consider the injustice each party might
suffer in determining whether the injunction should be granted or not. This
would be the main consideration in determining whether or not the proceedings
in the foreign court were vexatious or oppressive. Should the court then come
to the conclusion that the foreign proceedings are indeed vexatious or
oppressive, then the court should exercise its discretion to grant an
injunction restraining the party who had commenced the foreign proceedings
from continuing with it.

20 Counsel for the appellant sought to distinguish the _Aerospatiale_ and the
_Bank of America_ cases on the basis that, in those two cases, the parties
sought to be injuncted had commenced proceedings in two jurisdictions. In the
present case, the appellant had only started his action in the US. …

21 We do not think that this is a valid argument. While it may be right to say
that, if proceedings were commenced concurrently in two jurisdictions, one set
of actions would be more likely than not to be vexatious or oppressive, this
does not mean that an action commenced in one jurisdiction only could not be
vexatious or oppressive. It could well be that, using the present case as an
example, the appellant had no grounds whatsoever to commence his action in the
US. …

22 Having said that, we have to remind ourselves that, while the same
principles and approach apply to every case of this nature, each case turns
strictly on its individual facts. Further, in dealing with cases such as the
present one, where the appellant had only started proceedings in one
jurisdiction, the courts should be more cautious than not in granting
injunctions compared with situations, in which a party had commenced actions
concurrently in two jurisdictions. …

23 … In such a case, we think that as long as the party who commenced the
foreign proceedings was entitled to do so, whether or not the foreign courts
recognise this, then our courts should be extremely cautious in granting an
injunction. In other words, an injunction in this situation should not be
given with the same degree of ease as compared with the latter scenario. For
an injunction in these cases to be justified, there must be strong and
compelling reasons why an action in the foreign courts should not be started
or continued. …

38 The governing principles in deciding whether a particular jurisdiction is
the natural forum for determining a dispute have been set out clearly by
Andrew Phang JA in the Court of Appeal’s decision in _Rickshaw Investments Ltd
and another v Nicolai Baron von Uexkull_ [2007] 1 SLR 377 (“ _Rickshaw_ ”).
The first issue that has to be decided is whether, _prima facie_ , there is
some other available forum which is more appropriate for the case to be tried
(“stage one”). At this stage, the burden is on the defendant. If the court
concludes that there is a more appropriate forum, the court would ordinarily
grant a stay unless there are circumstances by reason of which justice
requires that a stay should nonetheless not be granted (“stage two”). Under
stage one, general connecting factors, the jurisdiction in which the tort
occurred, the choice of law and the effect of the concurrent proceedings in
the foreign jurisdiction could be considered. As a general rule, the place
where a tort occurred is _prima facie_ the natural forum for determining the
claim.

39 I acknowledge that the defendants have put forward a formidable list of
connecting factors seemingly pointing to Indonesia as the natural forum for
trying this dispute. These include the following matters. The subject of the
dispute relates to things done in Indonesia. The plaintiffs are foreign
companies not incorporated in Singapore while the third defendant is an
Indonesian company. The majority of witnesses reside in Indonesia. The
commencement of the Singapore action is motivated solely by the Indonesian
action. Both actions relate to the same issue of the third defendant’s right
to sell and distribute Trane products in Indonesia. There is no express choice
of law governing the distributorship arrangements of the third defendant and
since the place of performance is Indonesia, the governing law should be that
of Indonesia. A significant number of the relevant documents of both parties
are likely to be located in Indonesia. The defendants’ claims are in tort and
the general rule is that the place where the tort occurred is the natural
forum. No dispute arises from the shareholders' agreement, the distributor
agreement and the amended distributor agreement and the relevant clauses there
on governing law and non-exclusive jurisdiction are therefore irrelevant.
These agreements merely form the background facts. There are no connecting
factors to Singapore besides the fact that the first defendant is a Singapore
citizen and the second defendant is a Singapore company.

40 The Court of Appeal in _Rickshaw_ (at [47] of that decision) noted that
liability can exist concurrently in tort and in contract and, provided that
the latter does not expressly limit or exclude the former, a party is free to
choose whichever cause of action is more advantageous to him. However, when
one examines the factual matrix in which the second and the third defendants
launched their claims, the three agreements in question are inextricably
linked to their claims. They are not merely backdrop issues but are integral
to understanding and determining the relationships of the different parties
involved. The court looking at these agreements would have to construe their
proper meaning and effect and decide whether or not they could conceivably
give life to any other legal rights not residing in these agreements before
considering the factual evidence relating to such non-contractual rights. If
the plaintiffs are correct in their contentions, the inquiry may not even
proceed beyond this point. The governing law would therefore have a vital role
to play and the governing law is Singapore law. There can be little doubt that
the forum best suited to decide questions of Singapore law is the Singapore
court. There is also the additional factor of Singapore having been named as
one of the jurisdictions of choice in one of the agreements.

41 The fact that the second defendant is a Singapore company while the third
defendant is an Indonesian one more or less cancels each other out. The
plaintiffs are foreign companies with a presence here and in Indonesia and so
this factor is also neutral. The second and the third defendants are the
plaintiffs in the Indonesian action while the first plaintiff is but one of
several defendants there. However, all the other defendants there are related
to the plaintiffs here. Essentially, therefore, the same parties are before
the courts in both jurisdictions and it cannot be said that some third party
who has not been heard will be affected if an injunction of the nature sought
is granted here.

42 It is apparent from the documents that the first defendant is the key man
in these proceedings and that he played a pivotal role in the entire
relationship between the parties, whether or not he is eventually found to be
the _alter ego_ of the other two defendants. As acknowledged by the
defendants, he is the one with intimate knowledge of all the goings-on between
the parties. He is a Singapore citizen and has a residence here.

43 Looking at all the relevant factors here, I am of the view that the most
appropriate forum is the Singapore court. As stated earlier, should the court
here decide that no other rights could emanate from outside the parameters of
the three agreements, the inquiry need go no further. Accordingly, it would
not be appropriate for the Indonesian court to have to decide the contention
whether liability exists independently of contract. This issue would have to
be determined first before proceeding to the question whether a tort has
indeed been committed on the facts and the court most suited to try this
precedent issue is the Singapore one. It would be highly undesirable if
different conclusions are reached by the two jurisdictions. It would therefore
be vexatious or oppressive for the plaintiffs in this case to have to content
with the defendants’ allegations in the Indonesian action concurrently with
the claims in the Singapore action.

44 I bear in mind what the Court of Appeal said in _Koh Kay Yew_ (at [22] and
[23] of that decision set out earlier) concerning a case where only one set of
proceedings has been commenced by the party who is the subject of an
application for an injunction, particularly where the foreign action was
started several months before the present action here. It is not in dispute
that the Indonesian action is still at a very early stage and substantial
energy and time have not yet been expended in its pursuit. Further, the
injunction sought is only up to the time the Singapore court gives its
decision in this action or until further order. There is therefore no real
prejudice to the defendants if the Indonesian action is put on hold
temporarily. In the circumstances here, I think the reasons for granting the
injunction are sufficiently strong and compelling ones and I grant the
injunction to the plaintiffs accordingly.

_SUM No. 5167 of 2007 and SUM No. 5249 of 2007_

45 As stated earlier (see [13], [15] and [16]), these two applications were
heard some time after SUM 5248 of 2007 was determined. Written submissions for
these two applications had been filed by the parties but in the light of my
decision in SUM 5248 of 2007, it was agreed that it would be pointless to
argue the _forum non conveniens_ issue in SUM No. 5167 of 2007. The parties
therefore agreed that this application be deemed heard and dismissed with
costs to be taxed or agreed to be paid by the defendants. Where SUM No. 5249
of 2007 was concerned, the defendants agreed that the orders sought be granted
on the basis of the decision that Singapore is the appropriate forum for
trying the disputes between the parties. They agreed that the intellectual
property in issue be delivered up within 30 days by the defendants to their
solicitors as stakeholders pending the outcome of the defendants’ appeal to
the Court of Appeal and that the costs for this application be taxed or agreed
and be paid by the defendants to the plaintiffs. If the Court of Appeal allows
the appeal in SUM 5248 of 2007, then the orders granted in SUM No. 5249 of
2007 are discharged. Should any Indonesian action (the Indonesian action in
question has since been dismissed by the Indonesian court as a result of the
developments here) and the Singapore action be allowed to proceed concurrently
(_i.e._ no stay of the Singapore action on ground of _forum non conveniens_),
the plaintiffs are to be at liberty to re-apply for the orders sought in SUM
No. 5249 of 2007. If the Court of Appeal dismisses the said appeal, the
defendants’ solicitors will hand over the intellectual property in issue to
the plaintiffs or their solicitors.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 26 Dec 2008 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

