Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Bing Integrated Construction Pte Ltd v Eco Special Waste Management Pte Ltd
(Chua Tiong Guan and Another, Third Parties) and Another Suit  
[2008] SGHC 25

Case Number | : | Suit 605/2006, 606/2006  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 22 February 2008  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Tay Yong Kwang J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Kelvin Tan (Gabriel Law Corporation) for the defendant/appellant; Pavan Kumar Ratty (P K Ratty & Partners) for plaintiff/respondent; K S Loo (K S Loo & Company) for the Second Third Party/respondent   
Parties | : |  Bing Integrated Construction Pte Ltd — Eco Special Waste Management Pte Ltd — Chua Tiong Guan; Chua Chin Giap   
  
Civil Procedure  
  

22 February 2008 |   
---|---  
  
Tay Yong Kwang J:

1 This was an appeal by the defendant against the decision of Assistant
Registrar Tan Wen Shan (“the AR”) refusing the defendant’s applications
against the plaintiff and the second third party for discovery of documents.

2 The plaintiff commenced these two actions against Eco Special Waste
Management Pte Ltd and Eco Resource Recovery Centre Pte Ltd respectively,
claiming some $800,000 and some $1.5m against the respective defendants. The
two actions were consolidated pursuant to an order of court made on 5
September 2007.

3 The plaintiff’s claims relate to work done, services rendered and materials
supplied in respect of the construction of two plants in Tuas for the
defendants. The first third party, the defendants’ then managing director, had
informed the defendants’ directors that the second third party, his brother,
owned a construction company (the plaintiff). The defendants claimed that they
appointed the plaintiff as the main contractor for the construction projects
on the understanding that the contracts were on a “costs plus” basis. This
meant that a fixed amount or percentage would be added to the actual costs of
construction as the profit element. The first third party executed, on the
defendants’ behalf, the contracts with the plaintiff. The projects in question
were completed in 1998 and 2000 respectively.

4 Subsequently, the defendants found out that the construction contracts were
not on a “costs plus” basis but were actually on a “fixed costs” basis. The
defendants’ defence in these actions is that they entered into the contracts
in the mistaken belief that they were to be on the “costs plus” basis and that
the contracts were a result of an unlawful conspiracy between the plaintiff
and the third parties. It was also averred that the plaintiff procured the
contracts knowing that the first third party was acting in breach of his
fiduciary duties in executing the contracts on the defendants’ behalf. The
defendants therefore counterclaimed for recovery of the money paid to the
plaintiff (amounting to more than $7m) or, alternatively, damages to be
assessed on a “costs plus” basis. They denied that the amounts claimed by the
plaintiff were due and owing.

5 Before the consolidation of these two suits, the defendants took out Summons
No. 2946 of 2007 in Suit No. 605 of 2006 and Summons No. 2947 of 2007 in Suit
No. 606 of 2006 seeking discovery and production of 19 categories of documents
set out in a schedule (“the schedule”) to the said summonses. The documents
sought included shop drawings, quotations, subcontracts, delivery orders,
progress reports, photographs, organisation charts, architect’s and engineer’s
instructions and invoices.

6 In the affidavit in support of the said applications, the defendants’ group
general manager stated that he had perused the documents disclosed by the
plaintiff and the second third party in their lists of documents and found
them wholly inadequate. He claimed that the documents sought in the schedule
must be in the possession, custody and control of the plaintiff as they
related to the plaintiff’s business, operations and accounts. He also asserted
that the documents requested must be in the possession, custody and control of
the second third party as the second third party had removed the documents
which were in the defendants’ offices when he left the employ of the
defendants. He claimed that the documents requested were documents which the
defendants would rely on and/or which would support the defendants’ case and
that they were relevant because they were required to ascertain whether the
works were in fact carried out properly and to enable the calculation of the
costs of the works on a “costs plus” basis.

7 After hearing the parties’ arguments, the AR ruled as follows:

As I see it, although Defendant has claimed damages in the form of _, inter
alia_ , the difference between the price payable under the contract as it was
executed and the price payable if the contract had been on a “costs plus”
basis, the issue of how much was payable on a “costs plus” basis is a
secondary issue in that it does not form key plank of either Defendant’s case
or Plaintiff’s case. The costs of construction on a “costs plus” basis would
become relevant only if Defendant succeeds in persuading trial court that
contract was indeed to have been on that basis. In light of this, I do not
think discovery of the documents sought in SUM 2946/07 and SUM 2947/07 is
necessary _at this stage_ for the fair disposal of these two suits or for
saving costs. Where 2nd Third Party is concerned, I also do not regard
Defendant as having satisfactorily established that the documents sought are
in 2nd Third Party’s custody, possession or power. For these reasons, both
discovery applications dismissed.

The AR also ordered the defendants to pay costs of $2,200 (inclusive of
disbursements) to the plaintiff and costs of $1,900 (inclusive of
disbursements) to the second third party.

8 One week after the above decision, the parties attended before the AR again
and informed her that they agreed to have the issue of liability tried first
and, if it became necessary, the assessment of damages would be conducted at a
subsequent hearing. The AR confirmed that her decision (as stated in [7]
above) was without prejudice to the defendant’s right to take out another
application for discovery of the same documents at the assessment of damages
stage if the defendants should succeed in their counterclaim.

9 One week after the attendance in [8] above, the defendants filed a notice of
appeal against the AR’s decision but confined the appeal to only two
categories of documents listed as items 3 and 4 in the schedule. These two
items were:

3 All quotations received from contractors and sub-contractors and suppliers
including tenders received from all sub-contractors and suppliers for
materials, labour, goods, plant and equipment etc and including the
contractors evaluation reports on their selection.

4 Contractors contracts with all sub-contractors and suppliers.

10 Before me, the defendants’ counsel acknowledged that the documents sought
would not prove the defendants’ case by themselves. However, he submitted that
if they showed that an item charged to the defendants was much more than its
cost, then the defendants would be able to show that the plaintiff intended to
profit by a big margin and that if huge profits under the contract could be
shown, then the defendants would be able to establish conspiracy. It was
argued that the discovery sought was not onerous on the plaintiff as the
documents related to 7 or 8 subcontractors only. Although the second third
party filed an affidavit to state that the documents were with the plaintiff
and not with him, that affidavit was filed only after the defendants had
applied to court for discovery of the documents.

11 Order 24 r 5 of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2006 Ed) provides:

5(1) Subject to Rule 7, the Court may at any time, on the application of any
party to a cause or matter, make an order requiring any other party to make an
affidavit stating whether any document specified or described in the
application or any class of document so specified or described is, or has at
any time been, in his possession, custody or power, and if not then in his
possession, custody or power, when he parted with it and what has become of
it.

(2) An order may be made against a party under this Rule notwithstanding that
the party may already have made or been required to make a list of documents
or an affidavit under Rule 1.

(3) An application for an order under this Rule must be supported by an
affidavit stating the belief of the deponent that the party from whom
discovery is sought under this Rule has, or at some time had, in his
possession, custody or power, the document, or class of document, specified or
described in the application and that it falls within one of the following
descriptions:

(a) a document on which the party relies or will rely;

(b) a document which could –

(i) adversely affect his own case;

(ii) adversely affect another party’s case; or

(iii) support another party’s case; and

(c) a document which may lead the party seeking discovery of it to a train of
inquiry resulting in his obtaining information which may –

(i) adversely affect his own case;

(ii) adversely affect another party’s case; or

(iii) support another party’s case.

(4) An order under this Rule shall not be made in any cause or matter in
respect of any party before an order under Rule 1 has first been obtained in
respect of that party, unless, in the opinion of the Court, the order is
necessary or desirable.

12 As is clear from r 5(1) set out above, it is subject to r 7, described by
the Court of Appeal in _Tan Chin Seng & Ors v Raffles Town Club Pte Ltd_
[2002] 3 SLR 345 at [15] as prescribing “an overriding principle”. Rule 7
provides:

7 On the hearing of an application for an order under Rule 1, 5 or 6, the
Court may, if satisfied that discovery is not necessary, or not necessary at
that stage of the cause or matter, dismiss or, as the case may be, adjourn the
application and shall in any case refuse to make such an order if and so far
as it is of opinion that discovery is not necessary either for disposing
fairly of the cause or matter or for saving costs.

13 In _Bayerische Hypo-und Vereinsbank AG v Asia Pacific Breweries_
_(Singapore) Pte Ltd_ [2004] 4 SLR 39, Belinda Ang J said (at [37] and [38]):

37 … The ultimate test is whether discovery is necessary for disposing fairly
of the proceedings or for saving costs. An assertion that the documents are
relevant will not be good enough. Equally, an assertion that the documents are
necessary because they are relevant will not be enough. Obviously, if a
document is not relevant, it cannot be necessary for disposing of the cause or
matter. On the other hand, documents may be relevant to a case without being
necessary to it. The word used in O 24 r 7 is “necessary” and not “desirable”
or “relevant”. …

38 The court is, by O 24 r 7, concerned with the discretion to refuse
disclosure of a document unless the necessity for disclosure is clearly
demonstrated. …

14 One of the key issues at the trial of these proceedings would be the basis
of the construction contracts between the plaintiff and the defendants -
whether or not they were “costs plus” as alleged by the defendants. The
parties have agreed to have the issue of liability determined first. The
documents sought may become necessary after liability has been established and
the parties proceed to assessment of damages. They are not necessary for the
purposes of the trial on the issue of liability.

15 If the defendants wish to show conspiracy by means of the alleged huge
profits on the construction contracts, surely they should be able to adduce
evidence from some expert sources that the works involved were worth only an
amount considerably less than the amount claimed by the plaintiff. It is
pertinent to note that the defendants have not even specified what the “plus”
in the alleged “costs plus” was meant to be, whether as an absolute amount or
as a percentage above the costs. Without that point of reference, how would
the profit margins calculated from the documents sought advance their case in
conspiracy against the other parties?

16 Where the second third party was concerned, the defendants did not appear
to dispute his statement made on affidavit that the documents sought were with
the plaintiff and not with him. Although he had previously affirmed a list of
documents, that was because of his position in the plaintiff. The defendants
therefore should not have proceeded with the application against the second
third party before the AR. Having proceeded against him and lost, they now
compound the error by including the second third party in this appeal.

17 The AR was therefore justified in holding that the documents sought were
not necessary at this stage of the proceedings and in awarding costs to both
the plaintiff and the second third party. Accordingly, I dismissed the
defendants’ appeal and ordered them to pay the plaintiff and the second third
party costs of $1,000 each.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 22 Feb 2008 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

