Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Obegi Melissa and Others v Vestwin Trading Pte Ltd and Another  
[2008] SGCA 4

Case Number | : | CA 25/2006, 33/2006, 45/2006  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 28 January 2008  
Tribunal/Court | : | Court of Appeal  
Coram | : |  Chan Sek Keong CJ; Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA; V K Rajah JA   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Kenneth Tan SC and Cham Shan Jie Mark (Kenneth Tan Partnership) for the appellants; Vinodh Coomaraswamy SC and Georgina Lum Baoling (Shook Lin & Bok) for the respondents   
Parties | : |  Obegi Melissa; Oaktree Capital Management LLC; Gryphon Domestic VI, LLC; OCM Opportunities Fund II, LP; OCM Opportunities Fund III, LP; Columbia/HCA Master Retirement Trust; Gramercy Emerging Markets Fund; Gramercy Advisors LLC; Tang Boon Swa; Nemesis Investigations Pte Ltd — Vestwin Trading Pte Ltd; Hill Tree Enterprise Pte Ltd   
  
Civil Procedure – Pleadings – When pleadings in multiparty action deemed
closed – Whether time may be extended for summary judgment application – Order
14 r 14, O 18 r 20 Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2004 Rev Ed)  
  
Courts and Jurisdiction – Jurisdiction – Whether time limit in O 14 r 14 Rules
of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2004 Rev Ed) for summary judgment applications
absolute or extendable by court – Order 3 r 4 Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5,
2004 Rev Ed) – Section 18(2), First Schedule para 7 Supreme Court of
Judicature Act (Cap 322, 1999 Rev Ed)  
  
Statutory Interpretation – Interpretation act – Whether Rules Committee
competent to exclude court's discretion to extend time – Section 53
Interpretation Act (Cap 1, 2002 Rev Ed)  
  
Tort – Confidence – Whether breach of confidence a triable issue where
documents obtained from discarded rubbish bags  
  

28 January 2008 |   
---|---  
  
V K Rajah JA (delivering the grounds of decision of the court):

**Introduction**

1 This was a consolidated appeal against the decision of the High Court judge
(“the Judge”) in Suit No 542 of 2005 (“the present suit”), which is an action
by the respondents against the appellants founded on, _inter alia_ , breach of
confidence in relation to and conversion of certain allegedly confidential
documents (“the Documents”) (see _Vestwin Trading Pte Ltd v Obegi Melissa_
[2006] 3 SLR 573 (“the GD”)). The Judge granted summary judgment in favour of
the respondents and ordered, _inter alia_ :

(a) a permanent injunction restraining the appellants from using or disclosing
the Documents;

(b) a mandatory injunction requiring the appellants to deliver up to the
respondents all originals and copies of the Documents; and

(c) an inquiry into the damage suffered by the respondents as a result of the
appellants’ breach of confidence and/or conversion.

2 The present suit stemmed from three affidavits deposed by the first
appellant (“the first appellant’s affidavits”) which had been filed in an
earlier action, Suit No 632 of 2004 (“S 632/04”). That suit was brought by the
third to the seventh appellants against, among others, an Indonesian company,
PT Indah Kiat Pulp & Paper Corporation (“Indah Kiat”), to enforce a judgment
of the Supreme Court of the State of New York for the sum of US$75,576,734.86
with costs and interest.

3 On 27 June 2005, the third to the seventh appellants obtained default
judgment for the above amount against Indah Kiat in S 632/04. They then, _qua_
judgment creditors of Indah Kiat, engaged the services of the tenth appellant,
a private investigation firm, to secure information relating to the
respondents, which they believed were owned by the same Indonesian family that
allegedly owned Indah Kiat. Investigations were carried out by the ninth
appellant, a director of the tenth appellant. In the process, the ninth
appellant retrieved the Documents from rubbish which the respondents had
discarded from their office at Orchard Towers. On the basis of these
materials, which were exhibited in the first appellant’s affidavits, the third
to the seventh appellants obtained a Mareva injunction (in S 632/04) on 8 July
2005 to restrain Indah Kiat from, _inter alia_ , disposing of, dealing with or
diminishing the value of the debts owed to it by the respondents to the value
of US$75,576,734.86.

4 The respondents, which were not parties to S 632/04, subsequently commenced
the present suit claiming proprietary confidence in the Documents and
asserting that a breach of confidence had been occasioned by the exhibition of
those documents in S 632/04. In the respondents’ amended statement of claim
dated 31 August 2005, it was pleaded that the ninth appellant, acting as a
servant and/or agent of the tenth appellant, had obtained the Documents
surreptitiously and/or by improper or unconscionable means, and had thereafter
passed them to the first to the eighth appellants in breach of the obligation
of confidence which he and the tenth appellant owed to the respondents. It was
asserted that the first to the eighth appellants, by receiving the Documents
in such circumstances and having been placed on notice that the Documents were
confidential, similarly owed the respondents a duty of confidence. The first
to the eighth appellants, it was alleged, had breached this duty by using the
Documents without the permission of the respondents to the latter’s detriment.

5 On 20 December 2005, the respondents filed a summary judgment application
(“SIC 6394/05”) pursuant to O 14 of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2004 Rev
Ed) (“the Rules”) in the present suit against all the appellants. In resisting
this application, the appellants raised the preliminary objection that as
against all the appellants except the eighth appellant, the application had
been made out of time in contravention of O 14 r 14 read with O 18 r 20 of the
Rules. (For ease of exposition, this preliminary objection will be referred to
as “the procedural point” in these grounds of decision.) On the substantive
merits of SIC 6394/05, the appellants vigorously contended that the Documents
were not confidential and, further, that they could not be held liable for
conversion or theft because the respondents had abandoned and had thus
relinquished ownership of the Documents and their contents. In this regard, it
was highlighted that the ninth appellant had retrieved the Documents not from
the respondents’ office itself, but from rubbish bags which the respondents
had left for collection at the bin centre of Orchard Towers (which, as
mentioned at [3] above, was where their office was located). The third to the
seventh appellants further contended that, in any case, they had purchased the
Documents in good faith from the tenth appellant and, thus, did not have
notice that those materials had been obtained improperly as the respondents
claimed.

**The decision below**

6 The Judge found that SIC 6394/05 had been filed within the time limit for
making a summary judgment application, _viz_ , “[not] more than 28 days after
the pleadings in the action are deemed to be closed” (see O 14 r 14 of the
Rules). Applying O 18 r 20(1)(_b_) of the Rules (which states that where
neither a reply nor a defence to counterclaim is served, pleadings are deemed
to be closed “at the expiration of 14 days after service of the defence”), the
Judge held that the pleadings had been deemed to be closed only on 22 December
2005, the date falling 14 days after the last defence in the present suit
(_viz_ , the eighth appellant’s defence) was filed (see the GD at [9]). Noting
(at [8] of the GD) that both O 14 r 14 and O 18 r 20 of the Rules referred to
“action” in the singular form, the Judge reasoned that, in a suit against
multiple defendants, there must be only one date for the close of pleadings
regardless of the particular dates on which each defendant filed its defence.
That date occurred – where O 18 r 20(1)(_b_) applied – 14 days after the last
relevant defence was filed. The Judge concluded (at [15] of the GD):

To require that the [respondents] take out separate applications for summary
judgment against the respective [appellants] would lead to multiplicity of
actions and wastage of costs. All the reasons in favour of a single trial also
point to why there should be a single O 14 application. I conclude therefore
that the [respondents’] application is within time not only as against the
eighth [appellant] but as against all the [appellants]. Even if I were wrong,
this would seem to me a paradigm case where the court should allow an
extension of time to prevent injustice.

7 With regard to the merits of SIC 6394/05, the Judge held, for the following
reasons, that there were no triable issues which warranted giving the
appellants leave to defend.

8 First, it was “untenable in law” (see the GD at [23]) for the appellants to
contend that by putting rubbish containing the Documents out for collection,
the respondents had abandoned the Documents and therefore could not assert any
property rights in those materials. The Judge adopted (at [26] of the GD) the
definition of “abandonment” in _Simpson v Gowers_ (1981) 121 DLR (3d) 709 at
711, namely:

… “a giving up, a total desertion, and absolute relinquishment” of private
goods by the former owner. It may arise when the owner with the specific
intent of desertion and relinquishment casts away or leaves behind his
property …

Citing (at [24] of the GD) _Williams v Phillips_ (1957) 41 Cr App Rep 5, the
Judge also stated (at [27]–[29] of the GD) that:

27 Putting rubbish out for collection by refuse collection personnel is not an
abandonment because there is no intent to relinquish the goods absolutely but
only conditionally for the purpose of such collection.

…

29 … [E]ven if abandonment were in and of itself sufficient to divest the
[respondents] of property in the rubbish, the [appellants] had not adduced
evidence anywhere close to discharging their burden of proof that the
[respondents] had abandoned the [D]ocuments. I therefore agreed with the
[respondents] that there was no triable issue on this point.

9 Second, the judge found (at [31] of the GD) that “it was unarguable that the
ninth [appellant] had surreptitiously and improperly obtained the [D]ocuments
by criminal means (_ie_ , theft) and unlawful means (_ie_ , conversion)”.

10 Third, the judge held that the three elements essential to an action for
breach of confidence, as set out in _Coco v A N Clark (Engineers) Ltd_ [1969]
RPC 41, had been made out in that:

(a) The information contained in the Documents was confidential as it related
to, _inter alia_ , the respondents’ financial affairs, management procedures
and trading practices (see [41] of the GD).

(b) The information had been communicated in circumstances importing an
obligation of confidence on the part of the first to the eighth appellants
because they had become aware of the confidential nature of the information as
well as the circumstances in which the Documents had been obtained (see [53]
of the GD). The Judge ruled that for the purposes of imposing an obligation of
confidence on the first to the eighth appellants, it was not necessary to find
that they had acted in bad faith or had participated in the improper means
utilised by the ninth and the tenth appellants to obtain the Documents (see
[51] of the GD).

(c) The appellants had made unauthorised use of the information contained in
the Documents. Although the law was unclear as to whether such unauthorised
use had to be to the respondents’ detriment, the uncertainty in this regard
was immaterial in the present suit as the respondents had suffered detriment
(see [68]–[75] of the GD).

11 On appeal, it was submitted that the respondents were not procedurally
entitled, without a judicially sanctioned extension of time, to apply for
summary judgment against the eighth appellant, and that there were triable
issues as to the appellants’ alleged liability to the respondents for
conversion and breach of confidence. We broadly agreed with the appellants’
submissions and allowed the appeal. We now give the reasons for our decision.

**The procedural point**

12 The procedural point encompasses two overarching questions. First, in
multi-defendant proceedings, are pleadings deemed to be closed only 14 days
after _the last_ defence or reply is served, or 14 days after _each_ defence
or reply is served? In other words, can there be multiple dates for the deemed
close of pleadings in the same suit? The second question, which arises only if
the first question is answered affirmatively, is this: If pleadings in a
multiparty action are deemed to be closed according to the respective dates on
which each defence or each reply is served, can the court – in a case where
the time limit for applying for summary judgment has expired against one or
more defendants – grant the plaintiff(s) an extension of time to apply for
summary judgment so as to consolidate the various O 14 applications against
different defendants? We will address these two issues sequentially, dealing,
first, with the question of whether there can be more than one date for the
deemed close of pleadings in a multiparty action and, second, with the nature
of the prescribed timeline in O 14 r 14 of the Rules for making summary
judgment applications.

**_When pleadings are deemed to be closed in a multiparty action_**

13 The close of pleadings is an important juncture in a writ action. It
indicates that the issues in dispute have been sufficiently crystallised by
the process of allegation, denial, admission and deemed denial in that order.
There is thus at the close of pleadings an implied joinder of issue on the
pleading last served (see O 18 r 14(2)(_a_) of the Rules). The close of
pleadings also serves as the cut-off point for one-time amendments to the writ
or other pleadings made without the leave of the court under O 20 r 1 and O 20
r 3 respectively of the Rules. Further, it signifies the commencement of the
timeline under O 25 r 1 of the Rules for taking out a summons for directions
as well as triggers in appropriate cases the operation of the automatic
directions under O 25 r 8 of the Rules.

14 Order 18 r 20 of the Rules, which defines the point at which the pleadings
in an action are deemed to be closed, stipulates:

**Close of pleadings (O. 18, r. 20)**

**20.** —(1) The pleadings in an action are deemed to be closed —

(_a_) at the expiration of 14 days after service of the reply or, if there is
no reply but only a defence to counterclaim, after service of the defence to
counterclaim; or

(_b_) if neither a reply nor a defence to counterclaim is served, at the
expiration of 14 days after service of the defence.

(2) The pleadings in an action are deemed to be closed at the time provided by
paragraph (1) notwithstanding that any request or order for particulars has
been made but has not been complied with at that time.

15 The Rules do not expressly address the issue of when pleadings in a
multiparty case are deemed to be closed where the last relevant pleading of
the various parties is filed on different dates. This issue was alluded to in
the earlier High Court decision of _Sumikin Bussan Corp v Hiew Teck Seng_
[2005] 2 SLR 773 (“ _Sumikin Bussan_ ”), where Judith Prakash J took the view
that the pleadings would be deemed to be closed _vis-à-vis_ _each defendant_
by reference to the date on which that defendant filed its defence. She stated
at [3]:

The Writ was duly served and both defendants entered appearance. The second
defendant filed his Defence on 7 June 2004 and the first defendant filed his
Defence one week later on 15 June 2004. The plaintiff did not file a Reply at
that stage to either Defence and this meant (by reason of the application of O
18 r 20(1)(b) [of the Rules]) that _as against the second defendant, pleadings
were deemed to be closed on 21 June 2004 and, as against the first defendant,
pleadings were deemed to be closed on 29 June 2004._ Accordingly, the
plaintiff had up to 5 July 2004 to make a summary judgment application against
the second defendant and up to 13 July 2004 to make a similar application in
respect of the first defendant. No such application was filed by the
respective dates. [emphasis added]

16 In the present suit, the Judge took the contrary view, holding that the
same date for the deemed close of pleadings would apply to _all the parties_
in a multiparty action, with that date to be calculated from the time of the
filing of the last relevant pleading.

17 At first blush, the Judge’s view as set out in the preceding paragraph
finds some glimmer of support from _Bannister v SGB Plc_ [1998] 1 WLR 1123,
where the English Court of Appeal held at [4.2]:

If _all_ the original defendants deliver _a defence_ the trigger date is
calculated from the date the last defence was delivered. The trigger date is
not altered if a defence is later amended. [emphasis added]

Indeed, given that O 18 r 20(1)(_b_) of the Rules is silent on whether each
defence served or only the last defence served triggers the start of the
14-day period leading to the deemed close of pleadings, both the position
taken in _Sumikin Bussan_ and that adopted by the Judge in the present suit
are _prima facie_ plausible; neither view is irrefutably supported by the
language of O 18 r 20 of the Rules. At the same time, however, the use of the
singular noun “action” in O 18 r 20(1) does not conclusively indicate that
there can only be one date for the deemed close of pleadings in a multiparty
action. As the appellants quite correctly pointed out, the reference in O 14 r
1 of the Rules to an application for summary judgment against “a defendant” on
the ground that “ _that_ defendant has no defence” [emphasis added] could
equally indicate that the timeline for applying for summary judgment against
each defendant differs according to when that particular defendant serves its
defence. We were thus faced with a genuine instance of statutory ambiguity.

18 In resolving the above ambiguity, we proceeded on the basis that the Rules
should be construed and applied so as to give effect to their purpose.
Plainly, the Rules, as a whole, are intended to expedite – without sacrificing
fairness – the trial of court disputes, whether such disputes involve one
party or several parties. On this approach, it cannot be seriously gainsaid
that the Rules contemplate _separate_ timelines and directions being made in
relation to each party in a multiparty action. They do not envisage the
application of a _single_ _set_ of timelines to all the parties regardless of:

(a) the number of parties involved;

(b) when each party is added to the action;

(c) where each party is located; and

(d) when each party is served.

19 The deadlines for a defendant to enter an appearance and to serve its
defence depend wholly on when the writ is served on that particular defendant.
These timelines can vary enormously for different defendants depending on
whether the defendant concerned is served within or out of jurisdiction.
Likewise, the deadline for each plaintiff in a multiparty suit to file its
reply depends on when the plaintiff in question is served with the defence
(see O 18 r 3(4) of the Rules, which provides that “[a] reply to _any_ defence
must be served by the plaintiff before the expiration of 14 days after the
service on him of _that_ defence” [emphasis added]). Unrelated defendants in a
multiparty suit may also raise substantively different defences at different
times depending on when and where they are served with the writ. Indeed, some
defendants, depending on the nature of the claim(s) mounted against them, may
have defences and/or counterclaims which are incompatible with those of other
defendants in the same suit. As such, it would be artificial, to say the
least, to unthinkingly amalgamate the different timelines which may arise in a
multiparty scenario and impose a single set of consolidated timelines across
the board on all the defendants or, as the case may be, all the plaintiffs.

20 In addition, to hold that the pleadings in a multiparty action are deemed
to be closed only 14 days after either the last defence (if O 18 r 20(1)(_b_)
of the Rules applies) or the last reply (if O 18 r 20(1)(_a_) applies) is
served may prejudice defendants who served their defences earlier. If
pleadings remain open until 14 days after the last defence is served by a
defendant in the action, the plaintiff could conceivably wield an undue
strategic and timing advantage by controlling the progress of the proceedings.
For instance, the plaintiff could deliberately refrain from serving the writ
on one of the defendants so as to keep the pleadings open and thereby extend
the time frame for making an O 14 application (see in this regard the time
limit prescribed by O 14 r 14 as set out at [6] above). Clearly, in a
multiparty scenario, the Rules do not intend to give the plaintiff the right
to subject some of the defendants to uncertain timelines based on when it
actually serves the writ on the other defendants. It must logically follow
that, in such a situation, as between a plaintiff and a defendant, the
pleadings are deemed to be closed as between _that plaintiff_ and _that
defendant_ – and those parties only – depending on when the former serves its
reply (according to O 18 r 20(1)(_a_)) or when the latter serves its defence
(according to O 18 r 20(1)(_b_)). As between these two parties, the date on
which the pleadings are deemed to be closed does not depend on when the other
defendants in the suit serve their respective defences or when the other
plaintiffs serve their respective replies.

21 In the present suit, the writ of summons was filed on 26 July 2005. It was
served on 1 August 2005 on the third to the seventh appellants, which entered
their appearance on 22 August 2005. The first and the second appellants were
served out of jurisdiction by substituted service on 12 August 2005; both of
them entered their appearance on 2 September 2005. The writ and the statement
of claim were amended only on 31 August 2005 to add the ninth and the tenth
appellants as parties to the action. It is not clear when these two appellants
were served, but they entered their appearance on 12 September 2005. The
eighth appellant was served out of jurisdiction via personal service on 31
October 2005 and entered its appearance on 23 November 2005.

22 The third to the seventh appellants filed their joint defence on 15
September 2005. This was followed by the defence of the ninth and the tenth
appellants on 23 September 2005, that of the first and the second appellants
on 2 November 2005 and, finally, that of the eighth appellant on 5 December
2005. Therefore, applying O 18 r 20(1)(_b_) as between the respondents and
each of the appellants, the pleadings closed in respect of the third to the
seventh appellants on 29 September 2005; in respect of the ninth and the tenth
appellants, on 7 October 2005; in respect of the first and the second
appellants, on 16 November 2005; and in respect of the eighth appellant, on 19
December 2005. The respondents applied for summary judgment against all ten
appellants (via SIC 6394/05) only on 20 December 2005. The application was
therefore within the stipulated timeline (as laid down in O 14 r 14 of the
Rules) _vis-à-vis_ the eighth appellant only, and was out of time _vis-à-vis_
all the other appellants.

23 The question then arises as to whether a plaintiff applying for summary
judgment in a multi-defendant suit where there are different dates for the
deemed close of pleadings has to make several O 14 applications so as to stay
within the time limit imposed by O 14 r 14 of the Rules. This would no doubt
be impracticable for both the parties as well as the court. What then should a
plaintiff do when faced with such a situation? More specifically, can the
plaintiff apply for an extension of time to file a consolidated O 14
application against all the defendants even though such an application may
already be out of time pursuant to O 14 r 14 _vis-à-vis_ one or more
defendants?

**_The nature of the timeline prescribed in Order 14 rule 14_**

24 The suggestion that a plaintiff in a multi-defendant suit has to make
multiple summary judgment applications rests on three premises. First, there
may be several dates for the deemed close of pleadings if the defendants are
served with the writ on different dates. Second, the deadline for applying for
summary judgment is tied to the date on which the pleadings are deemed to be
closed. Third, this deadline is fixed and cannot be discretionally extended by
a court. The first premise can be accepted for now without further comment in
view of what we discussed at [18]–[20] above. The second premise is confirmed
by the language of O 14 r 14 of the Rules, which provides: “No summons under
this Order shall be filed more than 28 days after the pleadings in the action
are deemed to be closed.” The third premise appears to be based on the High
Court’s decision in _United Engineers (Singapore) Pte Ltd v Lee Lip Hiong_
[2004] 4 SLR 305 (“ _United Engineers_ ”) and merits closer scrutiny.

25 In _United Engineers_ , the plaintiff’s claim was for secret commissions
which had allegedly been paid by the second defendant to the first defendant
in return for procuring construction projects for the second and the third
defendants. On the last day of the period within which it had to apply for
summary judgment if it so wished, the plaintiff sought an extension of time to
take out an O 14 application against all the defendants. A few days later, the
third defendant similarly sought an extension of time to apply for summary
judgment on its counterclaim against the plaintiff in respect of work done
under the construction projects in question. In support of its application,
the plaintiff argued that before it could apply for summary judgment, it
needed to make enquiries with the Attorney-General’s Chambers, seek further
evidence relating to the first defendant’s conviction as well as investigate
the documents relating to the various construction projects. It therefore
asked for an extension of time until after the Attorney-General’s Chambers had
responded to its queries. With regard to the third defendant’s application for
an extension of time, the grounds relied on were that: (a) the case involved
voluminous documents; and (b) the third defendant’s solicitors had been unable
to obtain instructions from the second defendant (a director of the third
defendant), who had just returned from an overseas trip.

26 While the assistant registrar’s decision on the above applications for
extension of time was still pending, the third defendant obtained leave to
amend what was said to be a typographical error in its counterclaim by adding
“one cent” (see _United Engineers_ at [8]) to the amount claimed. Accordingly,
the plaintiff was allowed to file an amended reply and defence to the
counterclaim. Taking the view that these amendments had re-opened the
pleadings and revived their right to apply for summary judgment, both the
plaintiff and the third defendant took out fresh O 14 applications without
waiting for the outcome of their earlier applications for extension of time.
The first defendant then sought to set aside these fresh O 14 applications on
the grounds that they were made contrary to O 14 r 14 of the Rules and,
furthermore, constituted an abuse of the process of the court as the earlier
applications for extension of time had not been determined yet. The first
defendant’s application was allowed by an assistant registrar, whereupon the
plaintiff appealed.

27 Dismissing the plaintiff’s appeal, Tay Yong Kwang J held at [29]–[31] of
_United Engineers_ :

[A] purposive interpretation of O 14 r 14 [of the Rules] makes it necessary to
conclude that _the time bar there is an absolute one and may not be extended
by the court._ ...

I would not invoke the inherent powers of the court (see O 92 r 4) to override
the clear prohibition in O 14 r 14: “No court should arrogate unto itself a
power to act contrary to the Rules” (_per_ Chao Hick Tin JA in the Court of
Appeal in _Samsung Corp v Chinese Chamber Realty Pte Ltd_ [2004] 1 SLR 382 at
[12]).

If I am wrong in concluding that the said time bar is an absolute one, I would
nevertheless not extend time on the facts of this case. It was not immediately
clear what other evidence the plaintiff required from the prosecuting
authority besides the first defendant’s admission of guilt, his conviction and
his admission in respect of the other charges taken into consideration for the
purpose of sentencing. In any event, the outcome of [the plaintiff’s appeal]
does not mean that the plaintiff is deprived of its rights against the
defendants.

[emphasis added]

28 We agreed with Tay J that, on the facts of _United Engineers_ , there was
no reason to extend the time for applying for summary judgment. However, we
disagreed with his view that the time limit laid down in O 14 r 14 “is an
absolute one” and “may not be extended by the court” (_id_ at [29]). The mere
existence of a time limit in the Rules cannot, in our view, mean that such
time limit is absolute and immutable.

29 In respect of O 14 r 14 of the Rules in particular, this provision was
introduced by the Rules of Court (Amendment No 4) Rules 2002 (S 565/2002) on 1
December 2002. (It should be noted that the time frame laid down in O 14 r 14
when it was first introduced was 14 days after the deemed close of pleadings;
this was later extended to 28 days by the Rules of Court (Amendment No 2)
Rules 2004 (S 671/2004).) The working committee which recommended the
insertion of O 14 r 14 (“the Rules Committee”) could not have intended this
provision to deprive the court of its general discretion to extend time under
O 3 r 4(1) of the Rules, which states:

The Court may, on such terms as it thinks just, by order extend or abridge the
period within which a person is required or authorised by these Rules or by
any judgment, order or direction, to do any act in any proceedings.

30 Order 3 r 4 reiterates the court’s power to extend or abridge time as laid
down in para 7 of the First Schedule of the Supreme Court of Judicature Act
(Cap 322, 1999 Rev Ed) (“SCJA”) read with s 18(2) of that Act. It is useful to
set out both provisions here:

**Powers of High Court**

**18**.—(1) The High Court shall have such powers as are vested in it by any
written law for the time being in force in Singapore.

(2) Without prejudice to the generality of subsection (1), the High Court
shall have the powers set out in the First Schedule.

(3) The powers referred to in subsection (2) shall be exercised in accordance
with any written law or Rules of Court relating to them.

…

> > > > > > > **FIRST SCHEDULE**
>>>>>

>>>>> **ADDITIONAL POWERS OF THE HIGH COURT**

…

**Time**

7\. Power to enlarge or abridge the time prescribed by any written law for
doing any act or taking any proceeding, whether the application therefor is
made before or after the expiration of the time prescribed, but this provision
shall be without prejudice to any written law relating to limitation.

31 It is plain from the above provisions of the SCJA that the court has the
power to grant an extension of time at any point during the proceedings in an
action. Order 3 r 4 of the Rules confirms that the exercise of such power is
consistent with the Rules. Applied to the present situation, this means that
the court has the _prima facie_ power to grant an extension of time even for
summary judgment applications notwithstanding the expiry of the time limit
laid down in O 14 r 14.

32 Further, although we disagreed with Tay J on the nature of the timeline in
O 14 r 14 of the Rules (as discussed at [28]–[31] above), we shared his view
(at [27] of _United Engineers_) that this provision was not a “written law
relating to limitation” within the meaning of para 7 of the First Schedule of
the SCJA. The substance – rather than merely the letter – of the law in
question determines whether a statutory provision is a “written law relating
to limitation”. Order 14 r 14 is not such a law because it relates to the time
limit for taking a particular step in proceedings which have already commenced
as opposed to the time limit for commencing litigation based on a cause of
action. As Tay J correctly pointed out at [27] of _United Engineers_ :

Black’s Law Dictionary (7th Ed, 1999), offers one definition of “limitation”
to be “[a] statutory period after which a lawsuit or prosecution cannot be
brought in court”. This definition accords with the purpose of the very wide
powers in the said para 7 [_ie_ , para 7 of the First Schedule of the SCJA] to
extend or to abridge the time for doing any act or taking any proceeding
without affecting the substantive rights conferred by statutes such as the
Limitation Act (Cap 163, 1996 Rev Ed). The words in question [_viz_ , “written
law relating to limitation”] relate to the right of action and not to
applications (such as O 14 applications) or the steps to be taken within the
action.

33 Order 14 r 14 of the Rules is therefore not an exception to either O 3 r 4
of the Rules or para 7 of the First Schedule of the SCJA. Since both para 7 of
the First Schedule of the SCJA and O 3 r 4 of the Rules make it amply clear
that the court has the power to extend time, there is no need for O 14 r 14 of
the Rules to reiterate this power with specific reference to summary judgment
applications. The absence of an express provision in O 14 r 14 (and O 14
generally) acknowledging the court’s power to extend the time limit therein
thus does not in itself detract from the court’s statutorily conferred general
power to extend time.

34 More fundamentally, the Rules Committee has no power to exclude the
discretion conferred on the court by virtue of s 53 of the Interpretation Act
(Cap 1, 2002 Rev Ed) (applicable to the Rules by virtue of O 1 r 3), which
stipulates:

**Construction of power of extending time**

**53.** Where in any written law a time is prescribed for doing any act or
taking any proceeding and power is given to a court or other authority to
extend the time, unless the contrary intention appears, the power may be
exercised by the court or other authority _although the application for the
extension is not made until after the expiration of the time prescribed_.

[emphasis added]

We noted that s 53 of the Interpretation Act contains the qualifying phrase “
_unless the contrary intention appears_ ” [emphasis added]. In this regard, O
14 r 14 of the Rules, despite its imperative language, does not express any
“contrary intention” that is incompatible with the court’s existing power to
grant extensions of time. A mere stipulation of a timeline alone is clearly
not enough to evince such an intention; otherwise, every procedural rule which
states that a particular step must be taken within a certain period would
prevent the court from exercising its power to extend the time frame for
taking that step and thereby render the court’s power to extend time nugatory.
Our view is confirmed by, _inter alia_ , the express provision in O 3 r 4(2)
of the Rules, para 7 of the First Schedule of the SCJA and s 53 of the
Interpretation Act to the effect that the court may grant an extension of time
notwithstanding that the application for extension is made only _after_ the
expiration of the statutorily prescribed time limit. This provision shows
conclusively that a statutory prescription as to time frame may always be
varied by the court if the latter deems it just to do so. More importantly, O
14 r 14 could not have been intended to deprive the court of its power to
extend time. Being subsidiary legislation, the Rules cannot restrict or
override those powers of the court that have been statutorily conferred by,
_inter alia_ , the SCJA.

_Exercise of the court’s discretion to extend the timeline in Order 14 rule
14_

35 How then should the court exercise its discretion to extend the time for
filing summary judgment applications? A perusal of the civil procedure rules
in other jurisdictions indicates that there are a number of important factors
to be considered. For example, under r 3212(_a_) of the New York Civil
Practice Law and Rules, a party may move for summary judgment in any action
“after issue has been joined”. The court may set a date, which must be at
least 30 days after the filing of the note of issue, after which no such
motion may be made. If no deadline is set by the court, the default time limit
of 120 days after the filing of the note of issue applies. Regardless of
whether the default time limit or a court-prescribed one applies, that time
limit may be extended if “good cause” is shown. To show that there is “good
cause” to extend time, the party seeking an extension must establish a
satisfactory reason for its delay in applying for summary judgment; a strong
showing on the merits of the summary judgment motion is not enough: see _Brill
v City of New York_ 2 NY 3d 648 (2004). In the UK, there is no time limit for
filing summary judgment applications, although, presumably, the costs which
may be imposed on a tardy applicant increase dramatically the nearer to trial
the summary judgment application is made.

36 In Singapore, as a matter of practice, given the need to maintain
litigation discipline and to ensure the efficient implementation of the
court’s case management processes, the later an O 14 application is made, the
less likely it is that the court will sanction reliance on the summary
judgment process in the absence of good grounds explaining and justifying the
delay. As explained in _United Engineers_ ([24] _supra_) at [24]–[25], a
significant consideration in this regard is structured and exacting case
management:

However unassailable a plaintiff may believe his case to be, it is common
knowledge that a fair number of O 14 applications do not result in judgment.
Where such applications do not succeed, the normal course of progress of the
action is disrupted. If the unsuccessful plaintiff takes the matter on appeal
before a judge in chambers and still fails to obtain summary judgment, the
delay in progress becomes more pronounced. Similar delays in the progress of
the action result where a defendant succeeds, on appeal, in overturning a
decision ordering judgment against him.

It is axiomatic that the longer a case takes, the higher the costs of
litigation are likely to be. The O 14 procedure, an effective means of
obviating open court trials in cases with unmeritorious defences, should
therefore be resorted to at an early stage of the proceedings where the saving
in costs of litigation would be most marked. There have been instances where O
14 applications were taken out just before the trial was to commence. Where
the case has already progressed to such an advanced stage, it is highly
debatable whether or not it would be much more pragmatic to have the finality
of an open court trial rather than to have the uncertainty of parallel
proceedings by way of an O 14 application with its attendant appeals.

37 The plain objective of O 14 r 14 of the Rules is to ensure that the summary
judgment process is invoked at a relatively early stage of the proceedings.
Hence, the plaintiff is given only “28 days after the pleadings in the action
are deemed to be closed” (see O 14 r 14) to file its O 14 application. In the
circumstances, a party seeking to apply for summary judgment out of time must
satisfactorily explain its delay so as to show persuasively why it should be
allowed to potentially hold back the trial further (which would be the case if
it is permitted to make its O 14 application out of time and that application
is unsuccessful). In multi-defendant actions such as the present suit, the
plaintiff could probably show good cause for granting an extension of time by
pointing to the need to wait for the defences of all the defendants to be
served before it can properly assess the pros and cons of invoking the O 14
procedure, as well as the greater inefficiencies of making separate summary
judgment applications against the various defendants. It would likewise be
relevant if the plaintiff shows that resolving the claims summarily as against
some or all of the defendants may obviate the need for a trial altogether.
Needless to say, the plaintiff will have to demonstrate that it has proceeded
diligently in its conduct of the action.

38 We hasten to add at this juncture that it should _not_ be thought that the
plaintiff in a multi-defendant action can invariably obtain an extension of
time until after all the defendants have served their defence(s) to apply for
summary judgment. If that were the case, the outcome would be the same as that
which would ensue if the pleadings in a multiparty action are deemed to be
closed only 14 days after the last defence is served. This would in effect
give the plaintiff the same strategic advantage as that of serving the writ on
different defendants at different times (see [20] above), which would not be
right. It goes without saying that even in a multi-defendant case, the court
must exercise its discretion to extend the deadline laid down in O 14 r 14 by
carefully assessing, on the one hand, the efficiencies and the desirability of
sanctioning a consolidated summary judgment application against all the
defendants and, on the other hand, any prejudice to any of the defendants in
respect of which such an application (if it is permitted to be made) would be
out of time. This will, of course, in the final analysis, involve a fact-
sensitive exercise of discretion. Thus, a plaintiff seeking an extension of
time to file its O 14 application would have to account for any undue lapses
of time between the various dates on which the writ was served on different
defendants, while the defendants resisting the application for extension of
time would have to show how they would be prejudiced if the plaintiff were to
be allowed to make a late summary judgment application.

39 _United Engineers_ also correctly indicates (at, _inter alia_ , [34] and
[42]) that amendments to pleadings do not _automatically_ re-open the
pleadings so as to revive a plaintiff’s right to file an O 14 application.
However, it is conceivable that, in some cases, an amendment to the defence or
other pleadings may warrant a revival of the plaintiff’s right to apply for
summary judgment. For example, if an allegation of fraud is pleaded in the
original defence but is later withdrawn from the amended defence which is
filed and served more than 28 days after the close of pleadings, the plaintiff
should, in the normal course of events, be allowed to apply for summary
judgment even though the time frame in O 14 r 14 would already have expired.
Where there have been substantial amendments to the pleadings, the judicious
exercise of the court’s discretion to extend the time frame set out in O 14 r
14 may save the parties the trouble and expense of a trial.

**The substantive point: Whether there were triable issues of fact and/or
law**

40 We now turn to the substantive merits of SIC 6394/05. The appellants
submitted that there were triable issues as to whether the Documents had been
abandoned or converted, and whether they could be held liable for breach of
confidence. The respondents, on the other hand, contended that the questions
of law in the present suit fell within the ambit of O 14 r 12(1) of the Rules
and were thus suitable for determination without a full trial. We decided,
without adjudicating conclusively on the merits of each side’s case, that the
matter should proceed to trial instead of being summarily determined. In _Lim
& Tan Securities Pte v Sunbird Pte Ltd_ [1992] 1 SLR 258, Chan Sek Keong J (as
he then was) held at 265, [22] that “the novelty of the legal issues and also
the uncertainty of the factual issues that ha[d] become apparent” warranted a
full trial in that case. As this court pointed out in _Tat Lee Securities Pte
Ltd v Tsang Tsang Kwong_ [2000] 1 SLR 1, the O 14 r 12 procedure is not
appropriate where the law relating to the issues in dispute is unclear and
more evidence is needed before those issues can be satisfactorily determined.
The present suit similarly raised novel legal issues and required a full
examination of all the relevant facts. It was thus unsuitable for
determination under O 14 r 12.

41 To elaborate, the law on abandonment has not been settled in Singapore.
There is no legislation, case law or authoritative academic view on title to
or possession of items which have been disposed of as rubbish. In particular,
there is no recent English jurisprudence on this area of the law, and
comparative common law decisions provide little by way of consensus or
guidance. The positions vary across different jurisdictions, with the courts
in Australia, Canada and the US generally recognising, but applying
differently, the concept of “divesting abandonment” – _ie_ , the abandonment
of both ownership as well as possession.

42 Rubbish disposal – the paradigmatic example of “divesting abandonment” – is
a necessary and common occurrence in daily life. It is usually regarded as a
mundane matter and is taken for granted until a case like the present suit
arises. The disposal of rubbish may also raise, as demonstrated by the facts
of this case, the issue of protecting the privacy of individuals and business
entities. This is a matter of considerable public importance and should not be
decided summarily. Furthermore, there are, in our view, several important
findings of fact that need to be made before the respondents’ claim against
the appellants can be properly determined. These factual issues include the
contractual terms on which the company engaged to collect refuse from Orchard
Towers (“the waste disposal company”) provided its services, as well as the
relevant arrangements or terms between the respondents and other tenants of
Orchard Towers on the one hand and the waste disposal company and/or the
managing agent of Orchard Towers on the other hand. The resolution of these
factual issues may be necessary to determine precisely which party had
ownership or possession of the Documents at the time they were retrieved by
the ninth appellant and, accordingly, whether the appellants can be held
liable for conversion or even theft. Furthermore, the respondents have in
their affidavits suggested that the first to the eighth appellants had not
merely retrieved (via the ninth and the tenth appellants) the Documents from
the bin centre of Orchard Towers, but had also connived with some of the
respondents’ employees to procure those documents If these allegations are to
be resolved, they must be ventilated and tested at a full trial.

43 In addition, the issues of abandonment and conversion cannot be neatly
decoupled from the respondents’ allegations of breach of confidence. A close
scrutiny of the factual circumstances is necessary before it can be
ascertained whether equity may be or has been properly invoked to protect the
confidential information allegedly contained in the Documents. It is also
significant that the third to the seventh appellants retrieved and made use of
the Documents to enforce a judgment against Indah Kiat, a company allegedly
related to the respondents (see [3] above). On a full consideration of the
facts, the use of the Documents in this manner may present novel questions of
law; for instance:

(a) whether, in the case of documents said to contain confidential
information, the use of such documents in legal proceedings constitutes a
breach of confidence; and

(b) whether, in respect of documents which are arguably protected by the law
of confidence, equity will continue to impose an obligation of confidence
where the documents are surreptitiously withheld from a party who has a
legitimate interest in seeking their disclosure.

All these issues would be more appropriately considered and determined via a
trial.

**Conclusion**

44 Since summary judgment was granted in the court below without considering
the above issues, the Judge’s decision should, with respect, be set aside. The
appellants should have leave to defend. We therefore allowed this consolidated
appeal with the costs here and below to be costs in the cause. We also made
the usual consequential orders.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 28 Jan 2008 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

