Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Public Prosecutor v Leong Soon Kheong  
[2008] SGHC 208

Case Number | : | CC 24/2008  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 13 November 2008  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Chan Seng Onn J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Amarjit Singh and Jean Chan Lay Koon (Attorney-General's Chambers) for the prosecution; Thangavelu (Straits Law Practice LLC) for the accused   
Parties | : |  Public Prosecutor — Leong Soon Kheong   
  
Criminal Law  
  

13 November 2008 |   
---|---  
  
Chan Seng Onn J:

1 Leong Soon Kheong (“the Accused”) pleaded guilty to a charge of culpable
homicide not amounting to murder under s 304(b) of the Penal Code (Cap 224,
1985 Rev Ed) (“PC”) read together with s 149 of the PC. The maximum term of
imprisonment for this offence is ten years. I sentenced the Accused to four
years and nine months’ imprisonment. The Public Prosecutor has filed an appeal
against the sentence. I now give my reasons.

Brief facts

**_Confrontation of the deceased_**

2 On 15 February 2003, the deceased, Wong Dao Jing, an 18 year old first-year
male student at Temasek Polytechnic, and two of his friends, Poh Wen Bin (“Wen
Bin”) and Lim Boon Kiat (“Boon Kiat”), were at an arcade in Lucky Chinatown
Shopping Centre. Whilst playing on a game machine, the deceased spotted an
unattended haversack next to the game machine. The deceased took the haversack
and left the arcade shortly thereafter.

3 About five minutes later, two of the Accused’s accomplices, Sean Leong Hung
Chu (“Sean”) and Teo Guan Kah, (“Teo”), were seen searching for the haversack.
They confronted Wen Bin and Boon Kiat who informed them that the deceased had
taken it. Sean and Teo then instructed Wen Bin to call the deceased to return
the haversack, and Wen Bin did so.

4 The deceased returned to the arcade and handed the haversack to Sean and Teo
who then passed it to Toh Chun Siong (“Toh”), another accomplice. Sean and Teo
questioned the deceased as to why he had taken the haversack. After checking
the contents of the bag, Toh claimed that “something” was missing from the
haversack. This “something” was never specified.

5 Sean and Teo challenged the deceased to go for a talk at a stairwell. The
latter agreed and followed Sean, Teo and Toh to the third storey staircase
landing of the building. Wen Bin and Boon Kiat followed them out of concern
for the deceased’s safety.

6 At the stairwell, Sean, Teo and Toh surrounded the deceased and accused him
of stealing the haversack. They repeatedly questioned the deceased as to why
he had stolen the haversack and claimed that “something” was missing from it.
The deceased explained that he was unaware that the haversack belonged to them
as it was left unattended.

7 Unappeased by the deceased’s explanation, the group started scolding him for
being “cocky” in Hokkien. The deceased’s rejoinder was that he had already
returned the haversack and asked them what more they wanted from him. The
group demanded that the deceased pay for the “missing item” but the deceased
refused, claiming that he had no money on him. The deceased produced his
wallet to prove his point.

**_Entry of the Accused_**

8 It was during the confrontation that Toh made a call (presumably to the
Accused) whilst Sean and Teo continued to question the deceased.

9 Later, the Accused and another accomplice, Lim Liang Long Larry (“Lim”),
appeared on the scene and joined in the questioning. The Accused, the oldest
person in the group, made a sarcastic remark to which the deceased responded
that he had taken the haversack, so what more did the Accused want. This
caused the Accused to rebuke the deceased for being “arrogant” despite having
wrongfully taken the haversack. The Accused then shouted “Take weapon!” in
Hokkien but his accomplices did not do so.[note: 1]

10 Not long after, Lim pushed the deceased and questioned if he was a member
of any secret society. The deceased denied belonging to any secret society and
asked them not to use violence against him. The Accused shouted at the
deceased and said that it was difficult for him to let the deceased off so
easily because there were so many of his men watching him. Thereafter, Lim
pushed the deceased who nearly fell. Lim subsequently challenged the deceased
to fight with him “one-to-one”. The deceased declined, saying that he was
afraid.

**_The assault_**

11 Immediately, Sean, Teo, Toh and Lim (“the Group”) besieged the deceased and
started assaulting him. The Accused remained at the staircase landing with Wen
Bin and Boon Kiat and they witnessed the Group punching and kicking the
deceased. In his police statement, the Accused admitted that he had taken a
few steps down the stairs intending to assault the deceased but the narrowness
of the stairwell prevented him from reaching the deceased.

12 Afraid of being assaulted themselves, Wen Bin and Boon Kiat did not render
any help to the deceased but noticing the severity of the deceased’s injuries,
they knelt down and apologised to the Accused who was standing between them.
According to investigations, the Accused was unmoved and reportedly stated
that the deceased deserved the beating and that a person like him would not be
so easily beaten to death.

13 The Group continued to punch and kick the deceased even after the deceased
had collapsed on the floor and was no longer retaliating but merely using his
arms to ward off the blows. It was only some time after the incessant
pleadings from Wen Bin and Boon Kiat that the Accused relented and shouted in
Hokkien, “Enough, let’s go”.[note: 2] The attack by the Group immediately
ceased. Prior to leaving the stairwell, the Accused told Wen Bin and Boon Kiat
to bring the deceased away and warned them not to report the matter to the
police.

14 According to Boon Kiat, the deceased was already in a semi-conscious state
and in great agony. An ambulance was subsequently called. Upon arrival at the
Singapore General Hospital, the deceased was in cardiac arrest. He failed to
respond to resuscitation.

15 The Accused and the perpetrators of the attack, _i.e._ the Group, fled the
country following the incident. It was only on 30 November 2007 that the
Accused was apprehended by the Malaysian police. He was handed over to the
Singapore police on 4 December 2007.

Conviction

16 In the statement of facts, which was admitted by the Accused without any
qualification, it was stated that the Accused was, at the time of the offence,
a member of an unlawful assembly comprising his accomplices – Sean, Teo, Toh
and Lim – and himself. The common object of the assembly was to cause hurt to
the deceased and in prosecution of that object, one or more of the members of
the assembly had committed culpable homicide not amounting to murder by
fisting and kicking the deceased on the head, face and stomach after he had
fallen to the ground with the knowledge that such acts were likely to cause
the death of the deceased. I accordingly convicted the Accused of the offence
as charged.

Culpability of the Accused

17  Though the statement of facts did not explicitly state that the Accused
was the “ringleader”, it would appear that he wielded considerable influence
over the members of the Group. I noted that the Accused was called to the
scene when Sean, Teo and Toh did not seem to elicit the response they wanted
from the deceased. Upon arrival, the Accused took over the questioning of the
deceased and rebuked the deceased for being “arrogant”. Before the assault
occurred, the Accused remarked that it was “difficult for him to let the
deceased off so easily because there were so many of his men watching
him”.[note: 3] Most tellingly perhaps was the fact that there was immediate
compliance by the Group when the Accused called for the assault to cease.

18 Being in a position of some authority and influence within the Group, the
Accused could have called off the confrontation well before the attack took
place. Instead his behaviour emboldened his younger acomplices to proceed with
the assault. His intention to join in the assault was another aggravating
factor to be taken into account. Furthermore, the Accused had been obdurate
towards the pleas of Wen Bin and Boon Kiat, even though it was obvious to him
that the deceased had already collapsed to the ground and was merely shielding
himself from the blows. The behaviour of the Accused was therefore malevolent
and callous. His failure to halt the attack promptly was reprehensible given
that he must have known that the Group would listen to him.

19 It was fortuitous for the Accused that he was prevented from participating
in the physical assault because of space constraints. Otherwise, I would have
given him a heavier sentence.

Antecedents

20 The only antecedent the Accused had was for voluntarily causing hurt under
s 323 of the PC. He was convicted in 1990 and sentenced to 18 months’
probation. That one-off skirmish with the law some 17 years ago when he was
only 15 years old could be attributed to “youthful indiscretion” and would not
indicate to me a consistent pattern of violent criminal behaviour. Hence, I
did not place much weight on this antecedent in my sentencing considerations.

Mitigation Plea

**_Personal circumstances of the Accused_**

21 The Accused, a 32-year-old Malaysian, moved to Singapore with his family
when he was five years old. He has a NTC certificate in injection moulding
from the Institute of Technical Education. He worked as a mould maker for six
years, then as a salesman for three years. He was running a shop with his
brother-in-law at the time of the offence. Whilst hiding in Malaysia, he
obtained work at several places; in his last job, he was an engineer in a
multinational company in Ipoh.

22 In mitigation, counsel for the Accused (“counsel”) stated that the Accused
was married with a four-year-old son. He was the sole breadwinner of the
family. After the offence, he fled to Malaysia, fearful of the consequences of
his involvement with the crime even though he had not actually beaten up the
deceased. For the four years that the Accused was working and hiding in
Malaysia, his wife had to support herself and their son by working as a petrol
pump attendant in Singapore, earning $850 a month.

**_The mitigating factors_**

23 Counsel emphasised that the Accused was unaware of the theft of the
haversack and the initial confrontation with the deceased. Only after he was
told that the thief (_i.e._ the deceased) had been caught did the Accused
(together with Lim who was with the Accused at that time) proceed to the
stairwell where his accomplices Sean, Teo and Toh were. The Accused did not
instigate the beating of the deceased.[note: 4]

24 Counsel said that the Accused had only threatened to “take weapon” to
intimidate the victim as he was fully aware that none of the accomplices were
carrying any weapons at that point in time.[note: 5] The deceased had been
initially very aggressive when questioned by his assailants and even arrogant,
defiant and unapologetic when he told the Accused, “Already taken, what do you
want.”

25 During the mitigation plea, I questioned counsel on what triggered the
whole incident and who really started the whole beating[note: 6]. Counsel
explained that it was not the Accused but the accomplice with the nickname
“Cockroach”, who started the fight by pushing the deceased and challenging the
deceased to a “one-to-one” fight with him. The deputy public prosecutor
(“DPP”) clarified that the accomplice referred to by counsel was Lim. Counsel
stressed that the Accused had not uttered words like “Beat him up” or words to
that effect which caused the beating to start. The Accused, he said, had not
encouraged the fight. Neither did he specifically instruct the Group to
assault the deceased. His only fault was in not actively intervening to stop
the fight, despite being the oldest and most influential person present

26 Counsel stated in mitigation that the Accused had not realised that the
beating would be so severe as to result in the eventual death of the deceased,
especially since no weapons were used in the assault. At no point in time did
the Accused participate in the assault. In fact, he had shouted at the Group
to stop assaulting the deceased, which they did. He also told Wen Bin and Boon
Kiat to bring the deceased to see a doctor.

**_Co-operation with the police and the remorse of the Accused_**

27 As an indication of his deep remorse, the Accused fully cooperated with the
authorities upon his arrest and immediately decided to plead guilty when the
prosecution offered to proceed on a reduced charge under s 304(b). Buttressing
this claim of penitence was the Accused’s tearful description of his fleeing
to Malaysia during the psychiatric examination. Counsel submitted that the
Accused was forthcoming during the examination and did not prevaricate in his
answers. The psychiatric report also indicated that he fled from Singapore
because of his fear and apprehension that eye-witness accounts might
misrepresent his involvement in the offence.

The Sentence

**_Discretion of the court_**

28 The prosecution contended that an imprisonment term of six years was
appropriate. From that indication, the prosecution appeared to take the
position that the Accused’s degree of culpability warranted a sentence closer
to an imprisonment term of five years (which is in the middle of the range of
sentences available under s 304(b) of the PC) rather than the prescribed
maximum imprisonment term of ten years.

29 The felicitous remarks of Sundaresh Menon JC in _Public Prosecutor v Lim Ah
Seng_ [2007] 2 SLR 957 (“ _Lim Ah Seng_ ”) were particularly instructive (at
[1]):

In the context of culpable homicide not amounting to murder, the circumstances
of each killing may be so varied that any attempt to prescribe the precise
sentence _in_ _vacuo_ would be futile. Even with a growing body of case law
that provides much useful guidance, sentencing calls for the sound exercise of
judicial discretion, taking into account the specific factual complexion of
each case, including the ambient circumstances of the offence and the
offender.

30 In determining the appropriate sentence, I have carefully considered all
the relevant circumstances of the case including the nature of the offence and
the particular situation of the offender. The culpability of the Accused,
including all the mitigating and aggravating factors, must be taken into
account. What the Accused did was certainly inexcusable and unpardonable in my
view. However, as was noted by Menon JC in _Lim Ah Seng_ (at [81]), the
legislative purpose of providing for a wide range of sanctions under s 304(b)
is to enable the court to fit the punishment to the myriad set of
circumstances within which such an offence may occur. As the level of
culpability will vary according to the unique situation in each case, it is
important to scrutinise the particular circumstances and the manner in which
the accused himself had participated in the offence. It is necessary for the
court to differentiate amongst the different roles played by and the different
actions of each member of the unlawful assembly, although the accused before
the court might have shared with the other members the same object of that
unlawful assembly to cause hurt to the victim. Each member of that assembly
must still bear the consequences for his own culpability in terms of the
individualised punishment that each will receive if convicted, even though all
of them face the same charge. If, on the other hand, the offence carries only
one fixed sentence prescribed by law, then it is unnecessary to examine the
different roles, the particular actions and the extent of the participation by
each member of the unlawful assembly in order to determine the specific
culpability of, and the most appropriate sentence for, each offender.

31 Returning to the facts in the present case, I considered that the Accused
was not entirely devoid of a conscience despite his reprehensible behaviour.
He did, to his credit, instruct the Group to cease the assault and they did
so. According to counsel, the Accused had told Wen Bin and Boon Kiat to seek
medical attention for the deceased, although by then, unbeknown to the
Accused, life was already ebbing away from the deceased’s injured body and his
order to cease the attack had no practical effect on the deceased. Had the
Accused relented earlier, the deceased might have had a higher chance of
survival. This brings me to a second, somewhat mitigating aspect of the
Accused’s behaviour.

32 This other aspect relates to the Accused’s belief (though eventually proven
wrong) that the deceased would not die from the beating. The deceased was
described in the autopsy report as being “well nourished, muscular,…measuring
172cm in height and weighing 80kg”. The relevance of the deceased’s physique
lies in ascertaining the tenability of the Accused’s remarks that the deceased
would be able to withstand the beatings and hence he saw no impetus to stop
the assault when Wen Bin and Boon Kiat beseeched him to. If the words issuing
from a person’s lips betray his thoughts, then given the muscular and well
nourished physical appearance of the deceased, as well as his weight and
height, I could not summarily dismiss the Accused’s remarks on why he saw no
urgency in calling the attack off earlier as unbelievable. It could not be
said that the Accused could not reasonably hold any genuine belief that the
deceased would be able to withstand the assault. I could see some grounds to
support the statement by counsel that the Accused had in fact informed Wen Bin
and Boon Kiat to bring the deceased to see a doctor since the Accused must
have reasonably believed that the deceased would survive the assault. Such a
situation is to be distinguished from one whereby the accused orders the
assaults to cease only after he becomes aware that the victim is hovering on
the brink of death or has died from the beatings.

33 I also studied the autopsy report to see if the deceased had sustained any
fractures as that would have helped to indicate the magnitude and ferocity of
the attack. There were no fractures. However, there were a number of bruises
found on the deceased. In particular, there was extensive bruising over an
area of 13 x 8 cm of the posterior aspect of the left ear and the adjacent
left retro-auricular region and the left upper posterolateral aspect of the
neck. Death was due to traumatic subarachnoid haemorrhage, consistent with
blunt force trauma to the head.

34 Nonetheless, this would not remove the malevolence in the Accused’s
omission as the “ringleader” of the Group to stop the attack promptly. As the
Group’s “ringleader”, he would have to bear responsibility for the criminal
behaviour and actions of the Group. That the Accused indirectly prolonged the
attack by adopting the mentality that the deceased deserved the beating was an
aggravating factor, although I accepted that the deceased himself had incensed
and provoked the Group and the Accused by firstly, misappropriating the
haversack belonging to one of them and thereafter, behaving arrogantly towards
them instead of apologising immediately. In the eyes of the Accused and the
members of the Group, the deceased had not only stolen their haversack; the
deceased had also taunted them and hurt their ego, and they wanted to punish
him. That probably explains why they did not pick any fight with the
deceased’s friends, Wen Bin and Boon Kiat, at that time but only with the
deceased.

35 After having invited the DPP to submit on the appropriate sentence, I also
asked the same of counsel since both had referred me to numerous sentencing
precedents. Relying on his precedents, counsel submitted that 3½ to four years
was appropriate. However, having regard to the totality of the circumstances,
I found that counsel’s indication of a 3½ to four year jail term was perhaps
too lenient. The mitigating circumstances raised by him were not so compelling
that they could ameliorate the cruelty of the Accused’s actions and omissions.
However, to impose a sentence of six years as suggested by the prosecution
would be somewhat harsh, especially when the other comparable cases below are
examined.

**_Sentencing Precedents_**

36 The following precedents were raised by the DPP and I have made some
observations with respect to each of them.

(a) _Public Prosecutor v Jamal anak Nyalau and Others_ [2002] 3 SLR 66 (“
_Jamal_ ”). Resulting from a dispute over the engagement of the services of a
prostitute, all the three accused persons attacked the victim by repeatedly
punching the face and head region of the victim without even the slightest
provocation from the victim. The second accused further kicked the victim’s
body, held onto the victim’s hair and hit his head against the wall. The
victim’s plight, cries and non-retaliation did not seem to have moved the
accused persons at all. At one point during the assault, the second accused
searched the victim, took his wallet and removed $15, which was all the money
the victim had in his possession. The cause of death was intracranial
haemorrhage. The court sentenced each of the accused persons to six years and
six months’ imprisonment. The second charge for the theft of $15 was taken
into consideration for the purpose of sentencing.

**_My observation_** : All three accused persons in _Jamal_ had physically
attacked the victim. This was unlike the present case where the Accused did
not physically assault the deceased at all; the attack was in fact carried out
by the Accused’s accomplices after the deceased had been provocative by
remaining arrogant even after having misappropriated the haversack belonging
to one of the accomplices. Unlike the facts in _Jamal_ , the present Accused
and his accomplices did not commit any robbery or theft of any belongings of
the deceased.

(b) _Public Prosecutor v Mohd Rashid Bin Yahadi_ – Criminal Case No. 66 of
2000 (“ _Mohd Rashid_ ”). There was no provocation from the victim prior to
the incident. The accused threw a fire extinguisher at the victim and it hit
the victim’s head. The victim collapsed to the floor. Some of the accused’s
friends then proceeded to attack the victim by kicking and punching him. The
motive for the assault appeared to be some unhappiness over a certain hostess
spending more time with the victim. Death was caused by the severe head
injuries. There was a fine crack fracture of the skull on the left side of the
victim’s head, suggesting that substantial force was applied to the skull,
possibly due to the fire extinguisher that was thrown at him. The accused was
charged under s 304(b) of the PC. The court imposed an imprisonment term of
seven years.

**_My observation_** : In _Mohd Rashid_ , the accused started the whole
attack. He used a “weapon” in the form of a fire extinguisher which he threw
at the victim and which hit the head of the victim, thereby causing his death
from head injuries. The other accomplices who kicked and punched the victim
after he had fallen to the floor did not cause the victim’s death. Besides the
accused, no one else was physically involved with causing the fatal injury
resulting in the victim’s death. However in the present case, the Accused
never assaulted the deceased although he was a member of an unlawful assembly
with the common object to cause hurt. It was Lim who initiated the attack and
the rest of the group (excluding the Accused) then started assaulting the
deceased. Notably the common object in the present charge was not to cause
serious hurt or to cause culpable homicide. In my view, there were far more
substantial aggravating factors in _Mohd Rashid_ ’s case.

(c) _Public Prosecutor v Raffi Bin Jelan and Another_ [2004] SGHC 120 (“
_Raffi_ ”). The accused, Raffi Bin Jelan (“ _Raffi_ ”), and his wife, the co-
accused, preyed on a 74 year old victim, who was a rag and bone man. Raffi
woke the victim up, slapped him and then proceeded to remove his wallet
forcibly. When the victim complained loudly to an on-looker, Raffi and his
wife grew furious. They commenced a vicious attack on the victim by kicking
him repeatedly without restraint whilst the victim had remained prostrate.
Further, Raffi rained punches on the victim, besides using a pen knife
belonging to the victim to slash the victim’s face repeatedly. Raffi also
stole a bundle of notes that fell from the victim’s right trouser pocket while
he was being assaulted. As Raffi had a long criminal history, he was sentenced
to 20 years’ preventive detention plus 21 strokes of caning for having
committed the offence of robbery with hurt pursuant to s 394. The wife was
jailed for five years. This assault resulting in the death of a helpless and
innocent man was bereft of any mitigating features.

**_My observation_** : If the 20 years’ imprisonment was meant to suggest that
correspondingly, a heavy sentence near the maximum of ten years ought to be
imposed by me on the present Accused, then it would not advance the DPP’s case
very far, as Raffi had a long criminal record which justified the preventive
detention. _Raffi_ ’s case concerned an unprovoked killing of an elderly
defenceless victim, accompanied by robbery and the savage use of a pen-knife
in the attack by Raffi himself. But if indeed the five years’ imprisonment
term for the wife in _Raffi_ is to be used as a comparable, then the slightly
lower sentence that I imposed on the Accused of four years and nine months
would not be inconsistent given the fact that the wife had herself repeatedly
kicked the prostrate elderly victim. In contrast, the present Accused did not
even physically assault the well-built deceased. Further, the deceased had
earlier misappropriated the haversack belonging to one of the members of the
group. Instead of being apologetic, the deceased behaved arrogantly and
provocatively towards the Accused and the Group whereas the facts in _Raffi_
’s case did not indicate to me that there was any provocation from the victim
apart from the victim’s justifiable complaint to an on-looker that he had been
robbed and slapped, which I would not say amounted to any “provocation” that
could be regarded as a mitigating circumstance for the offence committed by
the wife.

(d) _Public Prosecutor v Aw Teck Hock_ [2003] 1 SLR 167 (“ _Aw Teck Hock_ ”).
The accused was the son of the victim, a frail 73 year old man. The victim
nagged and scolded the accused with vulgarities when the accused returned home
late after a night of drinking. The quarrel escalated into violence when the
accused pushed the victim who fell. The accused then kicked the victim on the
body and the head. He also threw a plastic chair at the victim. The accused
later carried the victim to the mattress in the living room before going to
his bedroom to sleep. The next morning, the accused found that his father had
stopped breathing. The cause of death was due to “multiple injuries”. A nine
year sentence was meted out.

**_My observation_** : I could not see how this could be a suitable sentencing
precedent to assist me in deciding on the appropriate sentence, when the
accused there had himself singlehandedly attacked and mercilessly killed his
own elderly, frail father with such brutality. When assaulted by the son, the
father never retaliated. The accused, as the sole assailant, was therefore
entirely responsible for causing the death of his own elderly father. No blame
could be attributed or pushed to any other person. The autopsy report revealed
not only bruises and abrasions all over the victim’s head, neck and limbs, but
there were also fractures of the ribs, which indicated to me that the accused
must have inflicted heavy blows on his frail father. The court observed that
it was quite apparent from the extensive injuries suffered by the victim and
the total lack of injury on the accused’s body that the victim was frail while
the accused was much more robust. In the court’s view, the accused “literally
kicked a man who was down and out” (_Aw Teck Hock_ at [21]).

(e) _Public Prosecutor v Teo Heng Chye_ [1989] 3 MLJ 205. There was a dispute
at a lounge which was primarily a bar and nightclub at the Textile Centre in
Jalan Sultan. It was apparently settled with a handshake by a representative
from the accused’s group and the victims’ group of friends after the
intervention of the lounge manager and a shareholder of the lounge. The
accused went to his friend’s flat on the 18th level of the Textile Centre and
armed himself with a bearing scraper. He then came down in the lift and found
the victims’ group at the entrance of the bowling alley at the Textile Centre
as they were about to leave. The accused attacked the group with the bearing
scraper and in the process, stabbed two victims and killed them. There were
three fatal stab wounds of 10.5cm, 11 cm and 13 cm depth on the first victim,
two of which were on his back. There was a single fatal stab wound on the back
of the second victim, which appeared to me to be another deep stab wound from
the description provided in the autopsy report. The court found that the two
deceased victims had their backs to the accused when these wounds to their
backs were inflicted by the accused. The sentences imposed were: eight years’
imprisonment for the first charge and six years’ imprisonment for the second
charge, with both sentences to run consecutively.

**_My observation_** : I could not understand why this entirely irrelevant and
inappropriate case was enclosed for use as a sentencing precedent. First, the
prosecution there had in fact proceeded on two murder charges. Second, a
dangerous weapon, _i.e._ a bearing scraper, was used. Third, the accused
himself inflicted all the fatal injuries on two victims. At the murder trial,
the court found the accused guilty of the lesser offence of culpable homicide
under s 304(b) on each of the two murder charges on the ground that the degree
of the accused’s self-induced intoxication was such that he could not have
formed any of the intentions required for murder. The court said that the
accused’s actions were done with the knowledge that they were likely to cause
death and, giving him the benefit of every doubt, without any intention to
cause death or to cause such bodily injury as was likely to cause death. In my
view, even if the imprisonment term of six years imposed for the charge
concerning the second victim were to be used as a comparable, I would not
think that, given the very different facts of the present case before me where
the Accused did not physically assault the deceased nor were any weapons used
in the attack by his accomplices, an imprisonment term of four years and nine
months could be regarded as inadequate, or for that matter “manifestly”
inadequate. In any event, the learned DPP rightly informed the court at the
hearing that he would not be relying on this case.

37 In all the cases cited by the learned DPP, the accused persons had
personally assaulted the victim. If the present Accused had actively
participated in the assault together with his accomplices, I would certainly
have added another one to 1½ years to the present sentence that I had imposed.
Even more years of imprisonment would be added if weapons were used on a
defenceless victim. Hence, the above precedent cases referred to me by the DPP
were markedly different from the facts here, where the Accused’s main
culpability was in:

(a) stoking the anger of the Group towards the deceased and precipitating, in
part, the assault by saying that “it was difficult for him to let the deceased
off so easily because there were so many of his men watching him”;

(b) failing to contain the situation when the Accused knew that he wielded a
significant influence on the unfolding of the tragic events; and

(c) delaying his call to the Group to stop the attack after it began despite
the incessant pleas of the deceased’s friends.

Indeed there are material distinctions to be drawn (at least for the purposes
of sentencing) between active acts of violence and passive acts of violence
where in the latter, the accused has omitted to act or intervene to bridle
further injury or even prevent death but has not directly caused the death. To
be borne in mind also are some mitigating elements arising from the
provocation by the deceased who had wronged his assailants by misappropriating
their haversack and had thereafter behaved arrogantly and remained
unapologetic towards them. A further mitigating factor in the Accused’s favour
is that he failed to intervene to stop the assault because he was labouring
under the mistaken belief that the deceased was a strong person who would be
able to withstand the beating with no weapons used. Overall, there were fewer
vindictive elements in the Accused’s behaviour, a contrast to the precedent
cases relied on by the DPP, where the accused person had personally assaulted
the victim and the assault directly caused the death in circumstances where
the victim had not wronged or provoked the accused person prior to the assault
at all or to the extent as that which had occurred in the present case.

38 Having studied the cases submitted by the DPP and those cases submitted by
counsel (which I shall be addressing shortly), I am of the view that a six-
year sentence as suggested by the DPP would be unduly harsh on this Accused.
Bearing in mind that it was the accomplice, Lim, who started the whole assault
and not the Accused, who never physically laid his hands on the deceased, some
discount in the sentence should, in my opinion, be accorded to the Accused
when he was the one who stopped the assault, albeit too late.

39 Further, the Accused had cooperated fully with the authorities upon his
arrest and was evidently remorseful as borne out by the psychiatric report. As
V K Rajah J observed in _Angliss Singapore Pte Ltd v PP_ [2006] 4 SLR 653 (at
[74]), at least one “persuasive indication” of whether the accused was
genuinely remorseful would be an early bid to cooperate with the investigating
authorities and his surrender at the early stages of the investigation.

40 Nonetheless, no amount of remorse or contrition from the Accused can even
begin to make up for the loss of so young a life or atone for the pain, grief
and suffering endured by the deceased’s family members and loved ones. The
Accused had acted brashly and thuggishly in concert with the Group and allowed
his emotions to rule over his rational mind. Being older and in a position of
influence, he could have prevented the acts of violence from arising. However,
he was clearly agitated by the deceased’s defiance and what he perceived to be
arrogance on the part of the deceased. The Accused’s anger stoked the
collective rage of the Group and allowed the Group’s indignation and anger
towards the deceased to escalate into acts of violence against the deceased
who, as a polytechnic student, was younger than the Accused and his
accomplices. The Accused was also unmoved by the pleas of Wen Bin and Boon
Kiat till much later, when he felt that the deceased had been punished enough.
His callousness was appalling, and if there had been earlier intervention, the
deceased might have had a fighting chance of survival. However, the Accused
did not know that the injuries inflicted on the deceased were so severe that
they were fatal.

41 In venturing to persuade me to impose a 3½ to four year sentence for the
Accused, counsel cited the following cases, all of which involved s 304(b)
charges.

(a) _Public Prosecutor v Chan Soi Peng_ [2007] SGHC 184. The accused was
earlier provoked by the victim and tried to avoid him. The victim later struck
the accused in the face with a bottle of liniment that he was carrying. The
accused retaliated with his fists and a bloody fight ensued. Following this,
the accused went to get a knife from the kitchen, and in the subsequent fight,
he stabbed the victim in the chest. The accused was given a sentence of three
years and nine months’ imprisonment.

(b) _Public Prosecutor v Lim Ah Seng_ [2007] 2 SLR 957. The accused, who was
estranged from his wife, strangled her in the fit of a quarrel. The accused
had been subjected to repeated physical and psychological abuse by the victim.
The victim herself had started the fight by strangling the accused first after
slapping him. The sentence was two years and six months' imprisonment.

(c) _Public Prosecutor v Teo Chee Seng_ [2005] 2 SLR 365 (“ _Chee Seng_ ”).
The accused was looking after a seven-month-old infant. Frustrated with the
infant’s incessant crying, the accused poured medicated oil into the infant’s
mouth. The infant fell unconscious and died of acute salicylate poisoning. The
trial judge sentenced the accused to four years’ imprisonment. A second charge
of fabricating false evidence by getting someone else to admit to
administering medicated oil to the infant was taken into consideration.
Counsel relied on this sentence of four years in his submission.

**_My observation_** : Counsel probably overlooked, and did not inform me,
that the Court of Appeal allowed the appeal by the Public Prosecutor and
increased the sentence to seven years’ imprisonment (see _Public Prosecutor v
Teo Chee Seng_ [2005] 3 SLR 250). It behoves counsel always to check
precedents to see whether or not they have been overturned before citing them
to the court. That must be a standard procedure to be adopted and a serious
responsibility to be undertaken at all times by counsel. Having said that,
_Chee Seng_ involved a young, vulnerable and totally defenceless baby, who was
killed by the very person entrusted at that time to care for and look after
it. The facts in _Chee Seng_ can be distinguished from the present case.

(d) _Public Prosecutor v Katun Bee Bte S Ibrahim_ [2004] SGHC 46. The accused
stabbed her lover in the abdomen with a knife after a quarrel. Both had been
drinking. She claimed trial, was convicted and sentenced to three years and
six months’ imprisonment. The lover had been spending the accused’s money on
drinks and had been abusive to her when he was drunk. The court exercised
compassion under those particular circumstances.

(e) _Public Prosecutor v Low Ah Soy_ [2004] SGHC 249. The wife of the accused
left him for another man named Koh and filed for divorce. When she and Koh
came home to take her belongings, the accused stopped Koh from entering the
flat. Koh took out a knife and threatened the accused, who ran to his kitchen
to arm himself with a longer knife. When the accused advanced towards Koh, Koh
retreated and threw several flowerpots at the accused. Nonetheless, the
accused got to Koh and stabbed him three times in the chest. Koh collapsed at
the lift landing and died. The accused was sentenced to four years’
imprisonment. Another charge was taken into consideration for sentencing,
_i.e._ causing mischief by smashing the windscreen of Koh’s car, which took
place shortly after the accused had stabbed Koh.

(f) _Public Prosecutor v Lim Boon Seng_ [2004] SGHC 113. The accused had
borrowed money from the victim, who was his friend. The accused asked the
victim for time to pay a debt of $1,800 but the victim was unhappy. The victim
met up with the accused. He shouted vulgarities at and started fisting the
accused, who then found a knife and stabbed the victim once in his chest.
After the victim collapsed, the accused tried to aid the victim by using a
towel to press on the victim’s wound whilst shouting for help. The accused was
jailed for three years and six months.

(g) _Tan Seng Aik v Public Prosecutor_ [1992] SGCA 59. The victim’s gang had
summoned gang members (totalling 12 members), and searched for the accused and
his three friends with the intention of attacking them over a minor incident
in a discotheque. The accused sensed that they were being followed and he
proceeded to buy himself a knife. The victim’s gang found and stopped the
accused and his friends (now only two) from leaving. When they tried to
escape, the victim’s gang pursued them and attacked them with sticks. The
victim struck the accused with a stick. When the victim bent down to pick up
the stick that he had dropped, the accused drew his knife and stabbed the
victim once in the back. The accused fled the scene, with the other members of
the victim’s gang in pursuit. The accused was originally sentenced to seven
years’ imprisonment. The Court of Appeal released the accused after the
accused had served only two years and nine months’ imprisonment.

**_My observation_** : There were obviously extenuating circumstances in this
case. There was no pre-meditation to commit the offence. The victim’s gang
greatly outnumbered the accused and his friends. The victim’s gang pursued the
accused and his friends who were running away. The accused and his friends
were desperately trying to avoid a confrontation with them. The Court of
Appeal accepted the submission of defence counsel that the accused, reasonably
apprehending imminent and serious danger to himself and his friends, had
bought the knife to defend himself in the face of a larger and very aggressive
gang. Hence, the relatively light sentence imposed in this case could be
explained on its own special facts.

42 The DPP sought to distinguish the cases cited by counsel on the basis that
they did not involve group violence, except for the last case where there was
a gang fight. However, the DPP himself also cited case precedents that did not
involve group violence. In any event, these case precedents, whether or not
involving group violence, would serve as useful guides. Generally, I take the
position that it is always better to have some guidance than none at all.

43 However, I do recognise the difficulty in comparing the cases and in
seeking rational explanations for the differences in the sentences meted out
because of the myriad different circumstances in each case. The killings in
the above cases cited by counsel have also been the direct result of positive
acts perpetrated against the victims by the accused persons themselves. In
some of them, weapons were even used. The responsibility for the deaths in
these cases could not even be partially deflected to another accomplice who
actually inflicted the injuries. Yet, in all of them (with the exception of
_Chee Seng_ ’s case (sub-para (c) of [41] _supra_) where the Court of Appeal
enhanced the sentence to seven years for the accused’s callous killing of a
seven-month-old infant), the sentences were lower than the sentence that I had
imposed, which seems harsh by comparison. As the present Accused has not
appealed against his sentence on the ground that it was manifestly excessive,
I do not propose to reconcile these precedent cases by comparing the
mitigating and aggravating circumstances and weighing them in a fine balance,
and then justifying why I needed to impose a higher sentence than those meted
out in the cases cited by counsel.

Conclusion

44 Nevertheless, I have to determine, in accordance with the well-known
sentencing principles, the most appropriate sentence that I believe would best
do justice in all the circumstances of the case. I did so and accordingly
sentenced the Accused to an imprisonment term of four years and nine months,
which would have in my judgment fairly addressed all the aggravating and
mitigating circumstances in the case. I backdated the sentence to the date of
the Accused’s remand on 6 December 2007.

_________________

[note: 1]Statement of facts at [17]

[note: 2]Statement of facts at [22]

[note: 3]Statement of facts at [18]

[note: 4]Mitigation at [7] –[8]

[note: 5]Mitigation at [11]

[note: 6]NE at p 21 and 22

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 13 Nov 2008 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

