Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Mohammed Ali bin Johari v Public Prosecutor  
[2008] SGCA 40

Case Number | : | Cr App 11/2007  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 26 September 2008  
Tribunal/Court | : | Court of Appeal  
Coram | : |  Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA; V K Rajah JA; Tay Yong Kwang J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  R S Bajwa (Bajwa & Co) and Sarindar Singh (Singh & Co) for the appellant; Lau Wing Yum and Vinesh Winodan (Attorney-General's Chambers) for the respondent   
Parties | : |  Mohammed Ali bin Johari — Public Prosecutor   
  
Administrative Law – Natural justice – Allegation of excessive judicial
interference – Whether trial judge descended into arena – Principles
applicable to allegations of judicial interference  
  
Criminal Law – Offences – Culpable homicide – Cause of death – Elements of s
300(c) Penal Code (Cap 224, 1985 Rev Ed) – Whether appellant caused death of
deceased – Section 300 (c) Penal Code (Cap 224, 1985 Rev Ed)  
  
Criminal Law – Special exceptions – Provocation – Whether appellant lost his
self-control – Whether provocation grave and sudden – Section 300 Exception 1
Penal Code (Cap 224, 1985 Rev Ed)  
  
Evidence – Proof of evidence – Standard of proof – Reasonable doubt – Whether
Prosecution's case proved beyond reasonable doubt – Whether appellant sexually
assaulted the deceased  
  

26 September 2008 |   
---|---  
  
Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA (delivering the grounds of decision of the court):

**Introduction**

1 The appellant was charged with and convicted of the crime of murder in the
High Court by the trial judge (“the Judge”) under s 300 of the Penal Code (Cap
224, 1985 Rev Ed) (“the Code”) for causing the death of one Nur Asyura bte
Mohamed Fauzi (“the deceased”), known as Nonoi. The appellant was sentenced to
suffer the mandatory death sentence (see _PP v Mohammed Ali bin Johari_ [2008]
2 SLR 994 (“the GD”)). At the time of her death, the deceased was two years
and ten months old.

2 After hearing arguments made on behalf of both the appellant as well as the
respondent, we dismissed the present appeal.

3 We should observe, at the outset, that this is an extremely tragic case. It
also raises significant legal issues – in particular, the issue of alleged
judicial interference.

**The facts**

4 Prior to marrying the appellant in November 2005, the deceased’s biological
mother, Mastura bte Kamsir (“Mastura”) was married to the deceased’s
biological father. The first marriage resulted in the birth of the deceased.
Mastura’s second marriage to the appellant resulted in the birth of a son
named Daniel. The nuclear family of four resided at Block 90 Pipit Road (“the
Pipit Road flat”).

5 The family’s daily routine consisted of bringing both children to the
appellant’s parents’ home located in the vicinity of the Pipit Road flat, at
Block 62 Circuit Road (“the Circuit Road flat”) so that the children could be
cared for by their grandparents while the parents were both at work. After
dropping the children off, the appellant would send Mastura to her workplace
located in Serangoon. The appellant’s unmarried siblings continued to live
with his parents in the three-room Circuit Road flat.

6 As the details of the events on 1 March 2006 were particularly important, it
would be apposite to reconstruct schematically the series of events that
transpired, noting that although much of what took place was related by the
appellant himself, much of that account was relatively uncontroversial – save
for the circumstances surrounding the death of the deceased, which will be
analysed in greater detail below. At around noon on 1 March 2006, the
appellant and Mastura left the deceased and Daniel in the care of their
grandparents at the Circuit Road flat. Both parents then left on the
appellant’s motorcycle and proceeded to Kovan Mall in Hougang for lunch. At
around 2.00pm, the appellant dropped Mastura off at her workplace located on
Upper Serangoon Road. The appellant returned to the Circuit Road flat at
around 2.15pm. Sometime later in the afternoon, he brought the deceased out of
the Circuit Road flat.

7 What happened _after_ they left the Circuit Road flat and _before_ they
returned was hotly contested by both parties and was the subject of
considerable contention. This will be considered in more detail below (see
[11]–[19]). Suffice it to say, for now, the appellant admitted (in his
numerous statements to the police and when testifying) that it was later in
the course of the afternoon that he brought the deceased’s dead body from the
Pipit Road flat back to the Circuit Road flat. According to him, on reaching
the Circuit Road flat, he placed her dead body on a bed in one of the bedrooms
while the family members in the Circuit Road flat were busy and did not pay
any attention to him. The appellant stated that he next left the flat and only
returned when his father, Johari bin Mohammed Yus (“Johari”), was performing
his evening prayers. When Johari commenced his prayers, the appellant carried
the deceased’s dead body out of the bedroom and left the Circuit Road flat on
foot. It was Johari who was the first person to discover that the deceased was
missing from the Circuit Road flat. At that time, he was under the impression
that he was the only person in the flat with the deceased.

8 Following the arrest of the appellant, he led the police down a footpath
close to Block 101 Aljunied Crescent and onwards to the Aljunied flyover.
Under the flyover, the police recovered the deceased’s naked and decomposed
body in the chamber of a drain in which the appellant had placed her body. He
had taken care to remove her clothes, wipe her body and camouflage it with
some rubbish.

9 Apparently, after concealing the deceased’s body in the dark area under the
flyover, the appellant returned to the Circuit Road flat where, by this time,
his family had discovered the deceased’s disappearance. He feigned ignorance
and blamed Johari for failing to keep watch over the deceased. When he fetched
Mastura from work later, he broke the news to her that the deceased was
missing. A massive search was commenced by the police, family members and
concerned members of the neighbourhood in a bid to locate the missing
deceased. The search persisted relentlessly on 2 and 3 March 2006.

10 On the morning of 4 March 2006, the appellant approached Mastura and her
mother, Rozanah bte Salleh (“Rozanah”), in the living room of the Pipit Road
flat to confess that he knew that the deceased was dead. Speaking in Malay, he
broke down and cried that “Nonoi, no more”. Upon hearing this, Mastura and
Rozanah wept and implored the appellant to tell them what he had done. The
appellant responded by saying that he “had no intention to do that to her. She
drowned.”[note: 1] This series of events culminated at around 11.45am on the
same day when the appellant turned himself in at Bedok Police Station and led
the police to the spot under the Aljunied flyover. It was there that they
recovered the body of the deceased.

**_Circumstances surrounding the death of the deceased_**

11 Some of the particulars of the circumstances surrounding the death of the
deceased on 1 March 2006 were mildly contentious. Because the appellant was
the only party privy to the events surrounding the deceased’s death in the
last few hours, what transpired on that fateful afternoon had to be
reconstructed from several statements he made to the police in which the
appellant recounted, _inter alia_ , how the deceased was already crying when
she left the Circuit Road flat. While walking from the Circuit Road flat to
the Pipit Road flat, the appellant recalled that the deceased kept crying
despite his continuous pleas with her to stop crying. This was when he lost
his patience, “began to get angry” and raised his voice “when directing her to
be quiet”.[note: 2] He brought her to a provision shop at Block 64 Circuit
Road to buy her something to pacify her but she refused. Following this, they
walked to the tenth floor of Block 62 Circuit Road to look for a friend of the
appellant but the front door was closed so he presumed his friend was not in.

12 Upon returning to the Pipit Road flat, the deceased “sat on the mattress
and [kept] quiet”.[note: 3] On switching on the television and radio, however,
she began to cry again. Frustrated, the appellant “slapped her face, body and
punched her thigh ... [but] [s]he cried even louder”.[note: 4] At this
juncture, the appellant pulled her into the toilet and threatened to put her
into a red colour plastic pail, filled with “water to about half” of the
pail.[note: 5] In his first statement taken on 4 March 2006, the appellant
recounted the events as follows:[note: 6]

My step daughter was crying even when I told her to stop.

I then slapped her over her body telling her to stop crying. ‘Kakak’ [the
deceased] still continue crying. I then brought her to the toilet and tip her
over and dipped her head into the red colour plastic pail. I dipped her into
the water in the pail for a few times. The phone then rang and I went to
answer it, leaving ‘kakak’ dip [_sic_] in the pail of water.

When I return, I found that ‘kakak’ was motionless and not breathing.

13 The appellant admitted to placing the deceased into the red pail of water
for about two to three times, allegedly to stop her from crying:[note: 7]

I carried her whole body head first into a pail of water. The pail is a
plastic pail. I did this because I wanted to prevent her from crying. She kept
on crying and struggling. Although she was crying and struggling, I kept on
dipping the body for a while. I pulled her out and she kept on crying. She was
wet. I did this two or three times. The last time I pushed her into the pail
of water, my handphone rang. I left her inside the pail of water to answer her
call. I could not recall who called me.

14 In a statement taken from the appellant on 5 March 2006, the appellant
elaborated on the details of the dipping as follows:[note: 8]

There was one red colour plastic pail in the toilet. It contained water to
about half of it. There was also a plastic scoop in the pail. I took out the
scoop and placed it aside. I removed her shirt and pants. She did not struggle
but kept on crying. She was wearing pampers. She was looking at the pail of
water. I gripped both her legs just slightly above the ankles and raised her
upwards. I then pushed her legs up and her head was facing the pail. I
threatened her again that I would put her into the pail. She still kept on
crying. I lowered down her legs and her head was submerged into the water in
the pail. The head touched the bottom part of the pail. The water in the pail
spilled out a little when I submerged her head down. I hold onto her with her
head in the pail for a short while, maybe a few seconds and pull her up. I
placed her down on the toilet floor and her head hit the floor. I let go my
grip. She stood up and was all wet. I removed her pampers and told her to
‘cebok’ (means in English to wash the private parts). She tried to do so while
I was spraying her with the water hose but could not do it quickly. I
hurriedly used my left hand to wash her buttock and private parts. I did it in
a hurry and used more strength. She was squatting and kept on crying. I tried
to pacify her but failed. I then threatened her again to put her into the
pail. As she was stubborn, I put her into the pail the same manner I did
earlier. Earlier, while washing her, I had also filled up the pail with more
water to about half of it. I submerged her head about twice slowly and her
head touched the bottom part of the pail. By then she was already weak. I
placed her down on the floor. She tried to stand up but trip and fell. Her
back of the head hit the floor. I rubbed her head and I felt there was a bump.
She kept on crying. After a while later, she cried again. I put her into the
pail again.

15 In total, the appellant admitted in several statements that he had immersed
the deceased into the water “two or three times” and during the last
immersion, his hand phone rang. In a statement recorded on 8 March 2006, the
appellant related this incident but was clearly evasive about the details of
the alleged phone call:[note: 9]

At this point of time, my handphone rang. I walked hurriedly to answer the
handphone which was placed on the table and still being charged. I did not
disconnect the handphone from the charger. It was a telephone call. I talked
to the caller but I did not pay much attention as my mind was disturbed. I
could not concentrate to listen or talk on the phone because my mind was on
Nonoi. The phone conversation was a very short one. I cannot remember now who
the caller was and what the conversation was about. After that, I hang up the
phone and placed the phone back to the table. The charging for the handphone
continued.

I walked hurriedly back to the toilet. On reaching the entrance of the toilet,
I saw Nonoi was not moving. She was still stuck in the pail.

16 After the immersions, the appellant realised the deceased was motionless
and did not breathe. In his first statement, he recounted that he:[note: 10]

carr[ied] her out [of the pail] and did CPR [cardiopulmonary resuscitation] on
her. She did not respon[d]. I then carr[ied] her to B/62 Circuit Road …

17 In his second statement made on 4 March 2006, he explained how he tried to
resuscitate the deceased on realising that she was dead:[note: 11]

Her body was soft. I pressed her abdomen and chest and blow into her mouth and
nose. Only a little water came out from her mouth and nose. I brought her to
the hall and I placed her on the floor. I pressed her abdomen and chest again.
I also blow air into her mouth and nose. I saw that her eyes began to close
and close. I carried her up but her body became softer and softer. I was
afraid. I pressed her abdomen and chest again and also blow into her mouth and
nose. After doing this, her eyes [were] almost shut and completely did not
move anymore. I was afraid. I was confused and do not know what to do. I
walked to and fro and thinking what to do next. I had removed her clothing
before I dipped her into the pail of water. She was only wearing her pampers.
After I dipped her into the pail of water for the first time, her pampers was
soaked with water and I removed it. I shooked [_sic_] her to wake her up and
called her name but she did not wake up. I picked her up and dried her body
with a towel. I then dressed her up with the same clothing that I had taken
off before the dipping. I carried her and took her slipper[s] and left the
flat at Blk 90 Pipit Road.

18 After dressing the deceased in the same clothes she had been wearing before
leaving the Circuit Road flat, the appellant brought the body of the deceased
back to the Circuit Road flat where the “other family members were busy and
did not pay attention to” him.[note: 12] As alluded to earlier, the appellant
only returned when the family members were no longer at home except his
father, Johari. When Johari commenced his evening prayers, the appellant
carried the body of the deceased to Aljunied flyover to hide her body and
returned to the Circuit Road flat afterward.

**_The alleged phone call during the course of the immersions_**

19 The investigation officer, Assistant Superintendent Ang Bee Chin, obtained
a copy of the appellant’s call records (exhibit P227[note: 13]) from MobileOne
Ltd for the period 27 February 2006 to 4 March 2006. The call records
indicated that during this aforementioned period, there were only three
answered incoming calls at the appellant’s number on 1 March 2006, at 12.07pm,
7.02pm and 7.04pm, respectively. Three other calls were made on the same day
around 6.48pm to the appellant’s phone and these were forwarded.[note: 14] The
importance of this discovery cannot be overemphasised; it established that,
contrary to the appellant’s testimony, there were no phone calls answered on
the appellant’s handphone during the time of the incident.

**_Injuries on the deceased_**

20 A post-mortem examination of the deceased was conducted by the forensic
pathologist, Assoc Prof Gilbert Lau (“Assoc Prof Lau”). In his autopsy report,
Assoc Prof Lau recorded that the deceased’s body was in a state of moderate
putrefaction, associated with patchy green-black discolouration and peeling of
the skin over the body surface. The onset of early maggot infestation and
abdominal distension, accompanied by protrusion of the tongue, was apparent.
Assoc Prof Lau surmised that the deceased would have been dead for a period of
two to three days when her body was discovered.

21 Apart from the decomposition, blood was present over the external genitalia
and perineum. Upon further examination of the external genitalia, Assoc Prof
Lau found that there was extensive laceration of the fourchette and apparent
obliteration of the hymen. This resulted in localised and acute haemorrhage. A
rupture measuring 2cm in the right anterolateral wall of the mid-vagina was
also present. These injuries were consistent with evidence of apparent sexual
interference.

22 Assoc Prof Lau testified that there was no evidence of any significant head
injuries. However, both lungs were voluminous and the symptoms were consistent
with acute pulmonary oedema and congestion. He further opined that there was
no macroscopic evidence of any natural disease that could have caused or
contributed to the deceased’s demise.

23 In his supplementary autopsy report, Assoc Prof Lau established negative
results for semen and DNA on specimens obtained from the internal and external
genitalia of the deceased. He conducted a genetic analysis of a sample of
heart tissue from the deceased and this yielded inconclusive results, and,
hence, he stated that sudden death resulting from cardiac arrhythmia (_ie_ ,
abnormal heart rhythm) in the presence of an environmental trigger could not
be excluded.

**_Genetic screening and previous medical history of the deceased_**

24 The medical reports of the deceased revealed that she had been admitted to
the National University Hospital (“NUH”) on a number of occasions in 2003 and
2004 for various conditions, including an episode of gastroenteritis-provoked
seizures when she was eight months old. The Prosecution sought to call two
additional witnesses, Dr Edmund Lee Jon Deoon (“Dr Lee”) of the Pharmacology
Department at NUH and Dr Foo Cheng Wee (“Dr Foo”), a member of the medical
team who had treated the deceased when she was admitted into hospital on 29
January 2004. This was allowed by the Judge.

25 Dr Foo testified that the seizures suffered by the deceased on 29 January
2004 were gastroenteritis-provoked and that the secondary diagnosis of the
deceased’s medical condition at that point in time had been status
epilepticus.

26 Dr Lee noted that from a study of the genetic makeup of the deceased, two
genetic variants were identified that were speculatively linked to the
abnormalities of heart rhythm and that these could confer a risk of cardiac
arrhythmia in the presence of an environmental trigger. On the other hand, Dr
Lee testified that it was not proven that these two genetic variants were
linked to sudden cardiac death; neither was it proven that cardiac arrhythmia
could occur in the presence of an environmental trigger. As he opined, “the
results of [the] study into the deceased’s genetic makeup have no diagnostic
value whatsoever, and any possibility of a link between the genetic variants
identified in her genetic makeup and sudden cardiac death is highly
speculative”.[note: 15]

**Findings by the trial judge**

27 The charge of murder against the appellant read as follows:

That you, **MOHAMMED ALI BIN JOHARI**

on the 1st day of March 2006, sometime between 3.00 p.m. and 6.00 p.m., at
Block 90 Pipit Road … Singapore, committed murder by causing the death of one
Nur Asyura Binte Mohamed Fauzi, female, 2 years old (D.O.B. 2 May 2003), to
wit, by drowning her and you have thereby committed an offence punishable
under section 302 of the Penal Code, Chapter 224.

28 The Judge focused on two primary issues in coming to the conclusion that,
on the totality of the evidence, the elements of s 300(_c_) of the Code had
been satisfied. He focused on two main issues: first, what the appellant did
to the deceased and, second, what caused her death.

29 Causation was one of the key issues that was raised time and time again
during the course of the trial. The Judge considered the reports by the
forensic pathologist, Assoc Prof Lau, who certified, first, that while the
cause of death was unascertainable due to the state of decomposition of the
body, the condition of the deceased’s lungs was compatible with drowning.
Second, he testified that death by asphyxia could be excluded as a cause of
death since the appellant had admitted in his testimony that the deceased was
neither smothered nor suffocated prior to her death. Third, the medical
reports of the deceased revealed she had been admitted into NUH on a number of
occasions in 2003 and 2004 for various conditions including an episode of
gastroenteritis-provoked seizures when she was eight months old (see also
above at [24]). However, the evidence of Dr Lee supported the Prosecution’s
case that there was no scientifically proven evidence that the deceased’s
genetic makeup could have contributed to sudden cardiac failure causing death;
neither was there any evidence that the deceased suffered from a seizure due
to status epilepticus or other causes prior to her death. Hence, the Judge
found that the deceased did not suffer from any life-threatening condition
and, by the exclusion of other likely causes of death, he came to the
conclusion that the deceased must have died from the effects of being immersed
in water.

30 In so far as the issue of molestation was concerned, the Judge found that
there was no direct evidence of molestation and noted that the appellant did
not make any admission of molestation in his statements. He concluded,
therefore, that “the alleged molestation had a limited bearing on the charge
of murder that the [appellant] faced as the genital injuries were not life-
threatening” (see the GD at [56]).

31 The Judge further held that there was no phone call as the call records
confirmed that the appellant had lied about receiving any calls during the
time of the incident. In brief, the appellant knew and intended, when he
immersed the deceased head-first in the pail of water, that she would
experience difficulty in breathing and might inhale water. On this reasoning,
the Judge was of the view that if a person were immersed in water in that
manner for a sufficient period of time, the person would die. Accordingly, he
held that the appellant intentionally kept the deceased immersed in water for
a longer duration during the third immersion (which was not a quick immersion
as the appellant had claimed) and that he was not distracted by having to
answer a phone call.

32 In so far as the appellant’s defence of provocation was concerned, the
Judge opined that the appellant’s actions were not consistent with being in
such a state of fear and panic that he could not speak and thus call for help,
since he did not lose the ability to speak as he was able to plead with Nonoi
to wake up while trying to revive her (see the GD at [62]).

**Issues**

**_Arguments by the appellant_**

33 Counsel for the appellant mounted several arguments in this appeal against
conviction and sentence. Emphasising that there were no independent
eyewitnesses present at the scene of the crime, the appellant argued that the
Judge erred by deciding that the alleged molestation had a limited bearing on
the charge of murder and that there should have been a finding as to whether
the appellant was responsible for molesting the deceased and had killed her to
cover up his acts.

34 Second, the appellant, whilst not denying that he had immersed the deceased
in the pail of water, submitted that the Judge erred in concluding that the
third immersion was not a quick immersion without any evidence. He argued that
it was important for the Judge to have made a finding on this issue. The
appellant further argued that he had only intended to cause a partial
deprivation of air to the deceased and not to drown her.

35 Third, the appellant argued that he was in such a state of fear and panic
that he could not speak. Fourth, no specific cause of death was ascertainable
because of the state of decomposition of the body when the autopsy was
performed. Further, due to the presence of the two genetic variants conferring
a risk of cardiac arrhythmia, this could have been a possible cause of death
instead. The appellant therefore contended vigorously that the Prosecution
should have consulted a cardiologist to eliminate the cause of sudden death.

36 The appellant also sought to rely on the defence of provocation, and argued
that the Judge should not have concluded that he had intended to cause death
or bodily injury sufficient to cause death under s 300(_c_) of the Penal Code.

37 The appellant further submitted that the Judge had engaged in judicial
interference by descending into the arena frequently to express his thoughts
about how the Prosecution should proceed with the case and the evidence
required by the Prosecution to prove their case. In doing so, the appellant
expressed concern that he was not granted a fair trial.

**_Arguments by the respondent_**

38 The Prosecution submitted that the statements of the appellant were
consistent with establishing that there were three immersions of the deceased
in the pail of water. The appellant alleged that there had been a phone call
but this was disproved by the call records adduced in court. As such, the
Prosecution argued the appellant’s intention was to cause a serious injury to
the deceased.

39 On the issue of causation, the Prosecution pointed out that the objective
evidence and statements of the appellant suggested that the findings were
consistent with death by drowning.

40 Further, the Prosecution also submitted that the Judge was seeking to
ascertain the full facts and most of the instances alleged as examples of
judicial interference were directed at the technical and forensic aspects of
the case. The Prosecution noted that the Judge also went into the appellant’s
case in order to assist him and the appellant did not raise these instances as
examples of judicial interference.

**Our decision**

**_Did the appellant sexually assault the deceased?_**

41 The appellant contended that the Judge should have made a decision on this
issue as it would have an effect of his evaluation of the rest of the factual
evidence, particularly as the Prosecution’s case was premised on the appellant
having molested the deceased and then killing her by immersing her into the
pail of water. It was therefore critical, in the circumstances, for the Judge
to have made a finding on the allegations of sexual molestation.

42 We noted that the Judge did not make a determinative finding as to who
could have been responsible for the injuries detected on the deceased. In
particular, the following extract from his judgment was particularly
significant and bears quoting _in extenso_ (see the GD at [56]):

There was no direct evidence on [the sexual molestation], and the [appellant]
had not made any admissions to this in his statements when he admitted to the
immersions. The Prosecution did not charge him with molesting Nonoi. _In any
event, the alleged molestation had a limited bearing on the charge of murder
that the [appellant] faced as the genital injuries were not life-threatening_.
In the circumstances, it is not necessary for there to be a finding as to
whether the [appellant] had inflicted those injuries. [emphasis added]

43 Further, in evaluating the evidence on why the appellant might have placed
the deceased into the pail of water, the Judge noted at [61] that:

It was clear that the [appellant] wanted to stop Nonoi’s crying, whether
because he had molested her or because she was having a tantrum. He was quite
determined and did not stop after the first two immersions, and immersed her
on the third occasion for a longer duration.

44 In our view, we agreed with counsel for the appellant that this was a
critical issue that should have been addressed by the Judge. Indeed, there was
overwhelming objective evidence adduced before the court below which led to
the conclusion that the appellant was responsible for inflicting the sexual
injuries on the deceased.

45 In both his autopsy report and testimony in court, Assoc Prof Lau opined
that there had been evidence of sexual interference and that the vaginal
injuries inflicted on the deceased were likely to have been caused prior to
death and would not be missed by a person who bathed the child. He premised
his conclusion on several factors which he elaborated vividly and extensively
upon in the course of his examination-in-chief:[note: 16]

Q Now, you go on to state that there was apparent obliteration of the hymen.
Now, is such obliteration---first of all, can you explain what you mean by
“obliteration”?

A In a young child such as the deceased who was only about 2 years of age at
the time of death, one would ordinarily be able to discern the presence of a
hymen which is membrane that, simply put, covers the vaginal orifice and
usually, er, has, er, an opening, er, within itself. _Now, this membrane was
apparently completely destroyed and not at all identifiable at the time of the
autopsy._

Q Now, moving on, you also described a rupture in the right anterolateral
wall. Now, can you explain---can you explain what this is the right
anterolateral wall? …

A Er, that is described in my main post-mortem report, er, on page 34 of the
bundle. It is right at the bottom of that page where I described the findings
of the en bloc dissection and with that _the rupture measuring 2cm in its
widest dimension in the right anterolateral wall of the mid-vagina._ …

A This is a photograph of the dissected reproductive organs of the deceased.
And as you can see … _there was a fair amount of bleeding or haemorrhage in
and around the area of the rupture._ And this … in stark contrast to the very
dull appearance of the rest of the body would indicate that there was vaginal
penetration prior to death.

Q Now, can I just confirm the---this rupture in the right anterolateral wall
this is inside the vagina, correct?

A This is the vagina itself, yes, whereas the laceration of the fourchette is,
er, just, er, outside the vagina.

Q And in layman’s term “rupture” would that be---would that mean puncture
or---

A It---it would mean that _there was a---a defect, er, which in this case
would have been caused by some form of trauma._

Q Now, based on your examination of these injuries, do you have an opinion as
to when these injuries were likely to have been caused?

A It is my considered opinion that these injuries that is the injuries to the
genitalia are likely to have been caused _prior to death_. I would not be able
to pinpoint the exact time, er, of the infliction relative to the deceased’s
death.

[emphasis added]

46 Assoc Prof Lau further explained that these genital injuries, such as the
rupture in the anterolateral wall, laceration of the fourchette and
obliteration of the hymen, were all manifestations of evidence of sexual
interference with the deceased prior to death:[note: 17]

The infliction of the genital injuries would in all probability have caused
the deceased some considerable pain. … [I]n addition to that, it would also
have caused a bearable amount of bleeding, er, which was still demonstrable at
the autopsy some 3 days or more after the---the deceased’s death.

47 Indeed, such injuries were unlikely to have gone unnoticed by anyone who
was bathing the deceased; as Assoc Prof Lau emphasised as follows:[note: 18]

What I would say is that the person who had bathed the child after the
injuries have been inflicted may or may not have been aware of the nature and
full extent of these injuries. However, I would venture to say that _in all
likelihood the bleeding, er, could not have been missed nor I would surmise,
er, the expressions of pain on the part of the child._ [emphasis added]

48 During cross-examination, we noted that counsel for the appellant did not
once question Assoc Prof Lau’s findings on the evidence of sexual interference
of the deceased. In our view, this apparently considered “omission” was
significant given the importance of this critical issue. We recognised that
there was in fact an overwhelming amount of objective evidence that the
deceased had in fact been molested by the appellant. First, on the morning of
1 March 2006, Mastura testified that she did not observe any injuries (save
for an old burn mark on the deceased’s arm) on the deceased while bathing her,
prior to dropping her off at the Circuit Road flat. Her testimony was further
confirmed by Rozanah’s recollection of bathing the deceased during the
preceding period from 24 to 26 February 2006 when she had not noticed any
vaginal injuries on the deceased. In view of the fact that the appellant
returned to the Circuit Road flat with the body of the deceased at about
6.00pm, any injuries on the deceased must have been inflicted between the
crucial time period between 3.00pm and 6.00pm on 1 March 2006 and, notably,
when she was under the care and supervision of the appellant.

49 Second, while counsel for the appellant did not raise any objections to the
allegations of sexual interference, during cross-examination of the
appellant’s brother, Mohammed Rahim bin Johari (“Rahim”), he attempted to
raise the possibility of another person possibly molesting the deceased. In
his statements to the police, Rahim mentioned the events of 1 March 2006
briefly:[note: 19]

On 1 March 2006, at about 3.00 plus p.m., I woke up from my sleep and saw that
Nonoi was sleeping on the single bed in the same bedroom. Shortly thereafter,
I left the house. At that time, my father was doing his afternoon prayers in
the living room. My mother, sisters and Daniel were not in the house.

50 Counsel for the appellant sought to suggest that Rahim could have molested
the appellant because he was alone in the bedroom with the two children, and,
in support of this contention, sought to establish that this was the first
time Rahim had been asleep in the same room with Nonoi. The issue arose from a
series of questions posed to Rahim:[note: 20]

Q Now, witness, would you agree with me that because that room is shared by a
lot of people it would not be unusual for you to on occasions be alone with
Nonoi in that room?

A I don’t understand.

Q You said the room is shared by a lot of people, right? Some---

A Yes.

Q ---so because Nonoi sleeps there, sometimes you sleep there, sometimes you
and Nonoi together. It’s not unusual, right?

A What do you mean I---what do you mean by “unusual”? I don’t understand.

…

Q … Is there any rule that if Nonoi is in that room you cannot go in?

A No, there’s no any rule.

…

Q Now, you said that you used to disturb her by telling ghost stories and
playing with her---taking away her toys. Now, why is it that your father had
to warn you not disturb her? Why did your father take it so seriously and warn
you?

A Because he---because he sometimes when we---when she get disturbed she cry.

Q Now, does part of your disturbing her include tickling her?

A Sorry?

Q Do you tickle her?

A No, no, I---I don’t. I---when I was disturbing her I didn’t---I didn’t think
to tickle her or whatever.

Q Do you play with her hair?

A No, I---I never play with the hair.

…

Q … Now, would you---would you agree with me that the reason why---how your
father found out that you have been disturbing Nonoi is because Nonoi
complained to him, is that correct?

A Sorry?

Q She complained to your father you are disturbing her, correct?

…

A Yah, yes, Sir.

…

Q Now, this room [the bedroom] ... does it have a door that can be closed?

A There is a door, it can be closed. But we---

…

Q A door that can be closed?

A It can be closed, but we seldom … close the door.

Q All right, witness, just one final question. _On that day when you were
alone in the room with Nonoi and Daniel was sleeping, did you molest her?_

A No, I don’t do such a---a that thing. I didn’t do it.

[emphasis added]

51 In our view, this was highly improbable given that Rahim’s girlfriend,
Rosnita bte Ahmad, testified under cross-examination that she had visited
Rahim at around 3.00pm and saw him sleeping inside one of the rooms of the
Circuit Road flat, with Nonoi and Daniel:[note: 21]

Q So in actual fact you could have actually come to the house much later than
3.00pm?

A Means that roughly going to be 3.00 like that.

Court: Sorry, is about roughly what?

Witness: Going to be 3.00, like 2.50 like that.

Court: Oh.

Q Can it not be later than 3.00?

A No.

Q Just an estimate.

A Yah.

Q Cannot be?

A (No reply).

Q Why are you so sure?

A Because at the point of time, I looked at my watch.

52 In the light of this, we could not, without the requisite corroborative
evidence, make the unfounded and mischievous inference that Rahim might have
molested the appellant. This was indeed a serious allegation to run in the
face of the objective evidence that established that it was in fact the
appellant who had sexually interfered with the deceased. Indeed, we were of
the view that the deceased was molested by the appellant and that it was
particularly important for the Judge to have made a finding on this issue.
This was so for two related reasons. First, this would have buttressed our
finding with regard to s 300(_c_) of the Code and, second, while motive is not
the same as intention, it can, in our view, cast valuable and significant
light on the intention of an accused in appropriate circumstances.

_Motive and intention_

53 The framers of the Code were careful not to ascribe a definitive role to
motive, whether good or bad, in the determination of criminal responsibility.
In Indian Law Commissioners, _First Report_ (cited in Sir Hari Singh Gour,
_The Penal Law of India_ (Law Publishers, 10th Ed, 1982) vol 1 at p 235), the
rationale for not ascribing a greater weight to motive bears mention:

We do not find that it is permitted to any person to set up his private
intentions, or to allege virtuous motives, simply as defence or excuse under a
criminal charge. We hold … that to allow any man to substitute for law his own
notions of right would be in effect to subvert the law. To investigate the
real motive, in each case, would be impracticable, and even if that could be
done, a man’s private opinion could not possibly be allowed to weigh against
the authority of law.

54 The Singapore courts have also drawn a distinction between the _intention_
and the _motive_ of the accused. So, for instance, while it may be a person’s
intention to murder another where he acts with a purpose to bring about a
result, his motive centres on explaining why he behaves in a certain way. In
_Regina v Moloney_ [1985] AC 905 at 926, the distinction has been distilled
into a simple but useful example:

A man who, at London Airport, boards a plane which he knows to be bound for
Manchester, clearly intends to travel to Manchester, even though Manchester is
the last place he wants to be and his motive for boarding the plane is simply
to escape pursuit. The possibility that the plane may have engine trouble and
be diverted to Luton does not affect the matter. By boarding the Manchester
plane, the man conclusively demonstrates his intention to go there, because it
is a moral certainty that that is where he will arrive.

55 This dichotomy between motive and intention was considered by the Singapore
courts in a long line of cases such as _PP v Oh Laye Koh_ [1994] 2 SLR 385 (“
_Oh Laye Koh_ ”), _Thongbai Naklangdon v PP_ [1996] 1 SLR 497 (“ _Thongbai
Naklangdon_ ”), _Lau Lee Peng v PP_ [2000] 2 SLR 628 (“ _Lau Lee Peng_ ”) and,
most recently, _Took Leng How v PP_ [2006] 2 SLR 70 (“ _Took Leng How_ ”). In
_Oh Laye Koh_ , Yong Pung How CJ clarified incisively that intention and
motive were both different elements (at 393–394, [26]):

The element of ‘intention’ is rarely, if ever, proved by direct evidence; it
is inevitably to be inferred from the surrounding circumstances. In this
respect, ‘intention’ is to be distinguished from ‘motive’, even though the
**_presence of a motive may bolster the inference that an intention to commit
the offence was existent._** _The absence of motive, however, need not
necessarily mean that no intention was present._ [emphasis added in italics
and bold italics]

56 In the later case of _Thongbai Naklangdon_ , the accused appealed, _inter
alia_ , on the ground that he lacked a motive to murder the deceased. However,
this court reiterated that motive was not necessary to establish guilt. This
thread of reasoning is consistent with the decision of _Lau Lee Peng_ where
this court was confronted with the issue of what the reason for the murder in
that particular case was. The observations of Chao Hick Tin JA on this issue
bear quoting in full (at [43] of _Lau Lee Peng_):

The question may be asked what was the reason or motive for the killing. The
prosecution had not expressly suggested any motive and it was not necessary to
do so. _Its only burden was to show that the [accused] intended to inflict the
injuries caused, and this burden it had discharged beyond a reasonable doubt_.
The fact that the [accused] might not have gone to the deceased’s flat with
the intention of killing her was immaterial. [emphasis added]

57 More recently, in _Took Leng How_ , Chao Hick Tin JA observed as follows
(at [54]):

[M]otive is not an essential element of the crime. But where the accused seeks
to rely on the absence of motive to substantiate a particular defence, it is
for the accused to prove the absence.

58 It would thus appear that while motive is not an essential element of the
crime, it can “bolster the inference that an intention to commit the offence
was existent”, as Yong CJ observed astutely in _Oh Laye Koh_ (see [55]
above)_._ It is helpful in appropriate circumstances by casting valuable (and
even significant) light on the _intention_ of an accused. In our view, as
there were no independent eyewitnesses present at the scene of the crime in
the present case, ascertaining whether the appellant had sexually assaulted
the deceased and, hence, whether the appellant had a motive in murdering her
in order to silence her, was therefore an important issue which the Judge
should have addressed directly.

**_Murder under section 300(_ c _) of the Code_**

_The elements of section 300(_ c _) of the Code_

59 Section 300(_c_) of the Code reads as follows:

**300.** Except in the cases hereinafter excepted culpable homicide is murder
—

...

(_c_)__ if it is done with _the intention of causing bodily_ injury to any
person, _and_ the bodily injury _intended to be inflicted_ is _sufficient in
the ordinary course of nature to cause death_ ; …

[emphasis added]

60 The elements or requirements of s 300(_c_) of the Code are well
established. They were laid down by V Bose J in the seminal Indian Supreme
Court decision of _Virsa Singh v State of Punjab_ AIR 1958 SC 465 (“ _Virsa
Singh_ ”). The principles in _Virsa Singh_ have been applied in numerous
Singapore cases. Indeed, it has been recently described by this court as
containing “[t]he time-honoured pronouncement on s 300(_c_)” (see _PP v Lim
Poh Lye_ [2005] 4 SLR 582 at [17]). It will suffice for our present purposes
to reiterate the well-established principles set out in _Virsa Singh_ and
applied by our courts.

61 In _Virsa Singh_ , Bose J observed thus (at [8]–[13]):

(8) It was argued with much circumlocution that the facts set out above do not
disclose an offence of murder because the prosecution has not proved that
there was an intention to inflict a bodily injury that was sufficient to cause
death in the ordinary course of nature. Section 300 “thirdly” [our s 300(_c_)]
was quoted:

“If it is done with the intention of causing bodily injury to any person and
the bodily injury intended to be inflicted is sufficient in the ordinary
course of nature to cause death.”

It was said that the intention that the section requires must be related, not
only to the bodily injury inflicted, but also to the clause, “and the bodily
injury intended to be inflicted is sufficient in the ordinary course of nature
to cause death.”

(9) _This is a favourite argument in this kind of case but is fallacious. If
there is an intention to inflict an injury that is sufficient to cause death
in the ordinary course of nature, then the intention is to kill and in that
event, the “thirdly” would be unnecessary because the act would fall under the
first part of the section_ , namely—

“If the act by which the death is caused is done with the intention of causing
death.”

In our opinion, the two clauses are disjunctive and separate. The first is
subjective to the offender:

“If it is done with the intention of causing bodily injury to any person.

It must, of course, first be found that bodily injury was caused and the
nature of the injury must be established, that is to say, whether the injury
is on the leg or the arm or the stomach, how deep it penetrated, whether any
vital organs were cut and so forth. These are purely objective facts and leave
no room for inference or deduction: to that extent the enquiry is objective;
_but when it comes to the question of intention, that is subjective to the
offender and it must be proved that he had an intention to cause the bodily
injury that is found to be present_.

(10) Once that is found, the enquiry shifts to the next clause:—

“and the bodily injury intended to be inflicted is insufficient in the
ordinary course of nature to cause death.”

The first part of this is descriptive of the earlier part of the section,
namely, the infliction of bodily injury with the intention to inflict it that
is to say, if the circumstances justify an inference that a man’s intention
was only to inflict a blow on the lower part of the leg, or some lesser blow,
and it can be shown that the blow landed in the region of the heart by
accident, then, though an injury to the heart _is_ shown to be present, the
intention to inflict an injury in that region, or of that nature, is not
proved. In that case, the first part of the clause does not come into play.
But once it is proved that there was an inten­tion to inflict the injury that
is found to be present, then the earlier part of the clause we are how
examining—

“and the bodily injury intended to be inflicted”

is merely descriptive. All it means is that it is not enough to prove that the
injury found to be present is sufficient to cause death in the ordinary course
of nature; it must in addition be shown that the injury is of the kind that
falls within the earlier clause, namely, that the injury found to be present
was the injury that was intended to be inflicted. Whether it was sufficient to
cause death in the ordinary course of nature is a matter of inference or
deduction from the proved facts about the nature of the injury and has nothing
to do with the question of intention.

(11) In considering whether the intention was to inflict the injury found to
have been inflicted, the enquiry necessarily proceeds on broad lines as, for
example, whether there was an intention to strike at a vital or a dangerous
spot, and whether with sufficient force to cause the kind of injury found to
have been inflicted. It is, of course, not necessary to enquire into every
last detail as, for instance, whether the prisoner intended to have the bowels
fall out, or whether he intended to penetrate the liver or the kidneys or the
heart. Otherwise, a man who has no knowledge of anatomy could never be
convicted, for, if he does not know that there is a heart or a kidney or
bowels, he cannot be said to have intended to injure them. Of course, that is
not the kind of enquiry. _It is broad-based and simple and based on
commonsense_ : the kind of inquiry that “twelve good men and true” could
readily appreciate and understand.

(12) To put it shortly, the prosecution must prove the following facts before
it can bring a case under S. 300 “thirdly”;

_First, it must establish, quite objectively, that a bodily injury is
present;_

_Secondly, the nature of the injury must be proved; These are purely objective
investigations._

_Thirdly, it must be proved that there was an intention to inflict that
particular bodily injury, that is to say, that it was not accidental or
unintentional, or that some other kind of injury was intended._

_Once these three elements are proved to be present, the enquiry proceeds
further and,_

_Fourthly, it must be proved that the injury of the type just described made
up of the three elements set out above is sufficient to cause death in the
ordinary course of nature. This part of the enquiry is purely objective and
inferential and has nothing to do with the intention of the offender._

(13)_Once these four elements are established by the prosecution (and, of
course, the burden is on the prosecution throughout) the offence is murder
under S. 300 “thirdly”. It does not matter that there was no intention to
cause death. It does not matter that there was no intention even to cause an
injury of a kind that is sufficient to cause death in the ordinary course of
nature (not that there is any real distinction between the two). It does not
even matter that there is no knowledge that an act of that kind will be likely
to cause death. Once the intention to cause the bodily injury actually found
to be present is proved, the rest of the enquiry is purely objective and the
only question is whether, as, a matter of purely objective inference, the
injury is sufficient in the ordinary course of nature to cause death. No one
has a licence to run around inflicting injuries that are sufficient to cause
death in the ordinary course of nature and claim that they are not guilty of
murder. If they inflict injuries of that kind, they must face the
consequences; and they can only escape if it can be shown, or reasonably
deduced, that the injury was accidental or otherwise unintentional._

[emphasis added]

62 The above statements of principle by Bose J are clear and are also
consistent with the actual language of s 300(_c_) itself. A crucial point
which emerges from these statements of principle is that there are _two limbs_
in this particular provision. The _first_ relates to the ascertainment (by the
court) of the intention of the accused in so far as the inflicting of the
specific injury which the victim suffered is concerned _and_ such intention is
ascertained on a _subjective_ basis (based, of course, on the available
objective facts and evidence) (“the first limb”). The _second_ is that once
the first limb has been satisfied (_viz_ , that it is proved that the accused
subjectively intended to inflict the specific injury which the victim
suffered), then the court must proceed to ascertain, on an _objective_ basis,
whether that particular injury was “sufficient in the ordinary course of
nature to cause death” (“the second limb”). The _subjective_ and the
_objective_ bases of the first and second limbs, respectively, are important
inasmuch as both limbs, whilst complementary, _ought not to – and cannot – be
conflated_. This is an important point because if both limbs operate on a
subjective basis, then the requirements of s 300(_c_) would _not_ be satisfied
if it is proved that the accused did _not intend_ _to inflict an injury that
was “sufficient in the ordinary course of nature to cause death” – in other
words, that the accused did not intend to cause the death of the victim
through the said injury_. As Bose J has correctly pointed out in the passage
quoted in the preceding paragraph, where an accused intends to inflict an
injury that was “sufficient in the ordinary course of nature to cause death”,
such a situation would fall squarely within s 300(_a_) of the Code. Therefore,
such an interpretation would not only render s 300(_c_) otiose in the process,
it would also be _completely contrary_ to the clear and unambiguous language
of s 300(_c_) itself.

_Application to the facts_

(1) The immersions of the deceased by the appellant into the pail of water

63 As already mentioned above (at [34]), the appellant sought to argue that
the Judge had erred in concluding that the third immersion was not a quick
immersion when there was no evidence. Indeed, the appellant maintained that
each of the three immersions was merely a quick dipping of less than a second
each time.

64 It is important to note, in this regard, that the Prosecution’s case was
that the appellant had sexually assaulted the deceased and, having done so,
repeatedly immersed her into the pail of water to drown her in order to cover
up his acts of sexual molestation.

65 Even more importantly, given our finding above that the appellant had, in
fact, sexually assaulted the deceased, the appellant’s argument that the third
immersion was a quick one is wholly unpersuasive. Indeed, the Prosecution
could, in our view, have proceeded with the charge of murder against the
appellant under s 300(_a_) instead; the provision itself reads as follows:

**300.** Except in the cases hereinafter excepted culpable homicide is murder
—

(_a_) if the act by which the death is caused is _done_ _with the intention of
causing death_ ; …

[emphasis added]

66 Indeed, a close perusal of the record of proceedings in the court below
reveals that the Prosecution, whilst proceeding against the appellant under s
300(_c_) of the Code, had proceeded (in _the alternative_) under s 300(_a_) as
well.

67 However, the Judge focused wholly (and only) on s 300(_c_) of the Code.
Given his finding that it was immaterial to his decision whether or not the
appellant had sexually assaulted the deceased, it was not surprising that the
Judge proceeded the way he did. Indeed, a finding pursuant to s 300(_a_) could
only have been made if the Judge had in fact found that the appellant had
sexually assaulted the deceased. This would, as the Prosecution argued, have
then furnished the appellant with the requisite motive to cause the death of
the deceased in order to cover up his acts of sexual molestation. As noted
above (especially at [58]), whilst motive is not an essential element of the
crime (here, of murder) as such, it can, in appropriate circumstances such as
these, cast valuable (and significant) light on the intention of the accused
(here, the appellant). We should also point out that such factual
circumstances would (and, in some senses, _a fortiori_) justify a finding of
guilt pursuant to s 300(_c_) as well (in accordance with the principles
referred to briefly in the preceding section of this judgment). This is, in
other words, an instance where there is, on the facts, an overlap between s
300(_a_) and s 300(_c_) of the Code.

68 We should add, however, that even if we disregarded a finding that the
appellant had sexually assaulted the deceased and assumed (as the Judge did)
that the appellant had immersed the deceased into the pail of water as she
(the deceased) was having a tantrum, we are of the view that the Judge was
nevertheless justified in finding that the appellant was guilty pursuant to s
300(_c_) of the Code. In particular, like the Judge, we find the appellant’s
explanation with regard to the immersions of the deceased by the appellant
into the pail of water wholly contrived and unconvincing. It was clear, in our
view, that the appellant intended to cause the specific injury which the
deceased suffered, which injury was sufficient in the ordinary course of
nature to cause her death within the meaning of s 300(_c_) of the Code. The
appellant’s argument to the effect that the immersions were mere perfunctory
dippings does not bear up, having regard to the relevant objective evidence.
For example, the appellant’s sudden volte-face at the trial itself with regard
to the telephone call allegedly received during the third immersion should be
noted. It had hitherto been the appellant’s case throughout that he had been
distracted by this telephone call and had answered it, consequently forgetting
that he had left the deceased immersed (for the third time) in the pail of
water. When confronted at the trial with clear objective evidence that he
could not possibly have received such a call at the material time, he did a
complete volte-face, claiming that he could not recall making the various
statements relating to this telephone call. The fact of the matter was that
there had been no telephone call to begin with and that the appellant had
intended to inflict serious injury through his repeated immersions of the
deceased into the pail of water. Indeed, it is clear, on the objective
evidence (in particular, the medical evidence), that the appellant must have
immersed the deceased into the pail of water for a prolonged period of time.
This, in fact, resulted in the deceased _drowning_. To state that such a
serious injury was sufficient in the ordinary course of nature to cause death
must be an understatement of the highest order. The Judge was therefore more
than justified, on the objective evidence before him, to come to this
conclusion, regardless of the motive the appellant had for immersing the
deceased repeatedly into the pail of water. We note that this evidence also
included findings of fact by the Judge which we saw no reason whatsoever to
interfere with. Indeed, it is not surprising, in the circumstances, that the
appellant also argued before this court – in support of his argument that the
immersions were perfunctory dippings – that the actual cause of death was not
drowning. In this regard, he raised a number of other possible alternative
causes of death instead. We will deal with this particular argument in the
next section of this judgment. The appellant also argued that, assuming that
he had indeed caused the deceased to die by drowning, that he had been
provoked within the meaning of Exception 1 to s 300 of the Code. We will also
deal with this particular argument in due course. We turn, first, to the
appellant’s argument to the effect that the deceased had died not by his hand
but by alternative causes.

(2) Causation

(A) WHETHER THE APPELLANT HAD CAUSED THE DEATH OF THE DECEASED

69 In relation to the issue of causation, a dispute arose as to how the
deceased could have died. Before us, the appellant contended, first, that it
was not conclusive that the deceased had died from drowning because the
pathological findings of acute pulmonary oedema and voluminous appearance of
the deceased’s lungs were equivocal. Second, the appellant further argued that
it was possible that the deceased had died from sudden cardiac arrest as a
result of cardiac arrhythmia. Third, the appellant contended that the deceased
could have suffered from status epilepticus. However, as will be seen, these
suggested alternative causes of death are not convincing and highly
speculative.

70 In his statements to the police, the appellant explained that as the
deceased had continued to cry persistently upon their return to the Circuit
Road flat, he used his “right hand to punch her on her right thigh twice”.
Despite executing a series of punches, she did not relent and continued to
cry. The appellant then lost his patience and pulled her into the toilet. The
events that transpired thereafter are set out as follows in the appellant’s
statement taken on 8 March 2006:[note: 22]

18 I pulled Nonoi by one of her hands to the toilet. Just outside the toilet,
I told her in Malay, “Nampak Tu Baldi?” meaning “Can you see that pail?”. She
kept on crying. I did not know whether she understood me but what I knew,
after I showed her the pail, she looked at it. She continued crying. She did
not say anything.

19 I became angrier. I pulled her into the toilet. I took out her clothings
because I did not want them to get wet. I left her pampers on. I dipped her
into the pail of water, which was three-quarter full. The pail of water was
already there and it was not filled by me.

20 Before dipping her, I removed the red scoop from the red pail and placed it
on the toilet cover. I lifted her up by both her legs with her head facing
downwards. Is it very cruel if I tell you I did it this way? …

21 As she continued crying, I put her into the water, head first, for a short
while. I had to bend both my knees slightly. I pressed her downwards and her
head landed on the base of the pail. I had to bend both knees lower but not to
the extent of squatting or kneeling. After that, I pressed her downwards some
more until both her legs were in the pail and her body was a foetus position
for a while. After pressing her down, I lifted her up straightaway. Water
overflowed from the pail, leaving it one-quarter full. I paused for a while
and I was still holding onto both her legs and she was still in the upside-
down position.

…

27 Then I bent my body slightly forward and put her into the pail of water,
with her head down first, like the first time. I had to bend both my knees
slightly. I pressed her downwards and her head landed on the base of the pail.
I bent both knees lower but not to the extent of squatting or kneeling. I
pressed her downwards some more until both her legs were in the pail and her
body was a foetus position for a while. After pressing her down, I lifted her
up straightaway. Water overflowed slightly from the pail. …

…

29 Immediately, I bent down and pulled her legs. I lifted her by holding onto
her legs and she fell backwards. I stood up, lifted her legs and put her into
the pail of the remaining water. I had to bend both my knees slightly. I
pressed her downwards and her head landed on the base of the pail. I bent both
knees lower but not to the extent of squatting or kneeling. I pressed her
downwards some more until both her legs were in the pail and her body was a
foetus position.

…

31 I walked hurriedly back to the toilet. On reaching the entrance of the
toilet, _I saw Nonoi was not moving._ _She was still stuck in the pail._ I
quickly lifted her up by the legs and placed her on the toilet floor. She laid
on the floor. After that, I carried her by the sides of her body _. I shook
her body to wake her and at the same time, called her name many times. Her
body was soft and weak. Her eyes opened and closed._ Then, I saw shit on the
toilet floor. I placed her on the toilet floor and pressed her abdomen and
chest repeatedly. _Water came out from her mouth and nose but she still did
not wake up. Her body was still soft. Then I blew air into her mouth and nose
at the same time. Some water came out from her mouth and nose._ I did not know
the correct way of getting out the water from the body but I tried my best to
help her in my own way. …

32 … Her body was very soft and her eyes were opening and closing. A bit of
water came out from her mouth and nose. Still, there was no response from her.

33 When I saw Nonoi like this, I became scared because she had died. _I did
not have the intention to cause her death._

[emphasis added]

This account of the events was also mirrored in the appellant’s statement to
the police given pursuant to s 122(6) of the Criminal Procedure Code (Cap 68,
1985 Rev Ed) as follows:[note: 23]

I hit her at legs. I slap her face. _I dip her into a pail of water, head
first, which caused her death._ I do not have the intention to do all these as
I am not a murderer and I am not a rapist. [emphasis added]

It would be apposite at this juncture to consider the various possibilities
canvassed by counsel for the appellant as to the possible causes of the
deceased’s death.

_(I) ACUTE PULMONARY OEDEMA AND VOLUMINOUS APPEARANCE OF LUNGS_

71 In his autopsy report dated 5 March 2006, Assoc Prof Lau observed that the
lungs of the deceased were “voluminous, with numerous post-mortem subpleural
bulla”. Furthermore, the “[c]ut sections showed acute pulmonary oedema and
congestion, bilaterally”. In his final report dated 17 August 2006, Assoc Prof
Lau’s findings were particularly important in addressing the final cause of
death; he stated:[note: 24]

3\. A comprehensive post-mortem examination showed no definite evidence of
other injuries which could, in the ordinary course of nature, have caused or
contributed to death. While the voluminous appearance of the lungs, coupled
with acute pulmonary oedema, are compatible with drowning or immersion, these
features are by no means strictly or exclusively diagnostic of such an event,
in part because of the degree of putrefaction encountered at autopsy.
Nevertheless, it should be noted that an asphyxial mechanism, such as that
caused by smothering or suffocating, which may leave no permanent or
discernible marks on the body, cannot be excluded.

72 Under cross-examination, Assoc Prof Lau further testified that there was
nothing exceptional about the appearance of the deceased’s heart on
examination after her body was discovered:[note: 25]

Q: You could have pulmonary oedema also if you have a heart failure, is it
correct?

A: Well, heart failure supervenes in practically all of us, er, at the point
of death or just before death, whatever the case may be. In this case, _the
heart wasn’t enlarged; the heart looked quite normal, in spite of the body
being decomposed_.

[emphasis added]

Therefore, in view of the objective evidence, any conjecture that the deceased
could have died from pulmonary oedema, but not drowning, was entirely
unfounded and mischievous.

_(II) CARDIAC ARRHYTHMIA_

73 Assoc Prof Lau opined that while genetic screening for sudden cardiac death
could not exclude the possibility of cardiac arrhythmia in the presence of an
environmental trigger, the prospect of some form of mechanical asphyxia,
immersion or genital injuries causing cardiac arrhythmia remained an
unverifiable possibility. He was of the view, under cross-examination, that in
this case, there was no evidence of any congenital abnormality that could have
predisposed the deceased to cardiac arrhythmia or to heart failure. In the
course of his extensive inquiry into the cause of death of the deceased, Assoc
Prof Lau was exhaustive and conscientious in his efforts of exploring all
possible causes and sent a sample of the deceased’s heart tissue to the
National University of Singapore Pharmacogenetics Laboratory for further
examination. As he explained:[note: 26]

That the purpose of going---of taking the---should I say extraordinary step of
requesting for this particular test, genetic test for sudden cardiac death is
because, er, young children may die from genetically induced, er, cardiac
arrhythmia in cases of sudden infant death or sudden death in infancy. So
having found no evidence of injury in the sense of a head injury, stab wounds,
strangulation and other injuries from which a child of this age could have
died from under the circumstances, I felt obliged to go as far as I could to
determine whether or not the child could have succumbed to, er, genetically
induced, er, cardiac arrhythmia so as to exclude if possible a natural cause
of death.

74 Specialising in pharmacogenetics, Dr Lee concurred and confirmed (both in
writing and in his oral testimony) that any argument with regard to this
possible cause of death was, at best, speculative. While he acknowledged that
there was the existence of two genetic variants present in the deceased that
were identified as being linked to the abnormalities of heart rhythm, he
emphasised that:[note: 27]

From the study of the genetic makeup of the deceased, two genetic variants …
were identified that have been **_speculatively_** _linked to abnormalities of
heart rhythm_**.** However, these variants occur commonly in the general
(presumably normal) Malay population, and it is thus difficult to identify
them as being responsible for sudden cardiac death syndrome, which occurs only
rarely. … _Ultimately, it is highly speculative at this point in time whether
there is an association between these variants, either individually or in
combination, with the onset of sudden cardiac death_. [emphasis added in
italics and bold italics]

Dr Lee was therefore of the view that the possibility of the deceased
suffering from sudden cardiac arrest was merely speculative and unsupported by
any tangible or concrete evidence.

75 We noted that it was particularly significant that, during re-examination,
in response to a query from the Judge as to what the observable symptoms of
cardiac arrhythmia were, Assoc Prof Lau opined that these included “collapsing
suddenly, breathlessness”. According to the statements of the appellant, he
did not mention _any_ of these symptoms observable on the deceased prior to
her demise.

_(III) STATUS EPILEPTICUS_

76 From the medical records of the deceased, while the deceased had a history
of being admitted into hospital in 2003 and 2004 for various conditions
(including an episode of gastroenteritis-provoked seizures), gastroenteritis-
provoked seizures “constitute[d] a benign condition” and there appeared to be
“no family history of epilepsy or any lethal hereditary disease among persons
known to be the deceased’s biological parents”.[note: 28] Accordingly, Assoc
Prof Lau’s conclusion was that the actual medical cause of death was not
likely to be due to a natural disease process and, in view of the state of
decomposition of the deceased’s body, the cause of death would have to be
documented as unascertainable.

77 In his testimony in court, Assoc Prof Lau reiterated, first, that while he
had explored other possible causes of death, it was unlikely the deceased
could have died from natural causes. Second, in the event of immersions into
water, he was of the view that it would be possible to cause death by drowning
in the ordinary course of nature but that:[note: 29]

It all depends on the amount of water that the victim had inhaled in the
course of those repeated submersions in water. … This would vary with the
victim himself or herself, the conditions under which drowning occurred. But
what is known is that it is entirely possible to drown even in very shallow
water …

78 Third, he opined that having read the statements of the appellant, he could
not think of any other possible cause of death.

79 Fourth, under cross-examination, Assoc Prof Lau emphasised that, even if
the deceased suffered from a gastroenteritis-provoked seizure on 1 March 2006,
it was a relatively harmless condition and was not life-threatening. In his
words:[note: 30]

Ah, even if she had, a GE [gastroenteritis] provoked seizure is known to be,
er, it’s not a---known to be a lethal condition. It’s a relatively harmless---

…

Yes, _GE provoked seizures are---are---are not known to be life threatening._

[emphasis added]

_Has the Defence raised a reasonable doubt as to the cause of the deceased’s
death?_

80 It is well-settled law that the legal burden lies on the Prosecution to
establish its case against an accused beyond a reasonable doubt. In
_Woolmington v The Director of Public Prosecutions_ [1935] AC 462, Viscount
Sankey LC referred to this golden thread which has been woven through the
intricate web of English criminal law as follows (at 481):

Throughout the web of the English Criminal Law one golden thread is always to
be seen, that it is the duty of the prosecution to prove the prisoner’s guilt
subject to what I have already said as to the defence of insanity and subject
also to any statutory exception. If, at the end of and on the whole of the
case, there is a reasonable doubt, created by the evidence given by either the
prosecution or the prisoner, as to whether the prisoner killed the deceased
with a malicious intention, the prosecution has not made out the case and the
prisoner is entitled to an acquittal.

81 It has been established in cases such as _Syed Abdul Aziz v PP_ [1993] 3
SLR 534 and _Ramakrishnan s/o Ramayan v PP_ [1998] 3 SLR 645 that the
Prosecution bears the burden of proving its case beyond a reasonable doubt;
this is firmly embedded in the Evidence Act (Cap 97, 1997 Rev Ed) as well as
in the “conscience of the common law” (_per_ V K Rajah J in _Jagatheesan s/o
Krishnasamy v PP_ [2006] 4 SLR 45 (“ _Jagatheesan_ ”) at [46]). It would be
pertinent at this juncture to consider the nature of what amounts to a
reasonable doubt. In _Miller v Minister of Pensions_ [1947] 2 All ER 372,
Denning J observed of the nature of this burden of proof, at 373:

That degree is well settled. It need not reach certainty, but it must carry a
high degree of probability. _Proof beyond reasonable doubt does not mean proof
beyond the shadow of a doubt._ The law would fail to protect the community if
it admitted fanciful possibilities to deflect the course of justice. If the
evidence is so strong against a man as to leave _only a remote possibility in
his favour which can be dismissed with the sentence “of course it is possible,
but not in the least probable,”_ the case is proved beyond reasonable doubt,
but nothing short of that will suffice. [emphasis added]

82 This recognition that fanciful or remote possibilities should be excluded
has been echoed in recent Singapore decisions. As Prof Tan Yock Lin in
_Criminal Procedure_ (LexisNexis, Looseleaf Ed, 2007, Issue 18) at vol 2, ch
XVII, para 2952 remarked, a reasonable doubt must be “a doubt which is
material, which counts. Not any mere possibility of the prosecution case being
false will amount to a reasonable doubt in the prosecution case.” He also
stated (_ibid_ , fn 1) quite correctly, in our view, that:

A mere doubt, as opposed to a reasonable doubt, must frequently be conceded in
the nature of things but _because it cannot yet concretely be articulated in
relation to the evidence in the case, it remains an untested hypothesis and
may be rejected._ [emphasis added]

83 In _Teo Keng Pong v PP_ [1996] 3 SLR 329, Yong Pung How CJ emphasised that
the burden is not “to prove the case beyond all doubts”. He recognised that in
many cases, a “minutiae of doubt” might still exist. However, the crux of the
issue is that (see 339, [68]):

[T]he burden on the prosecution is to prove its case beyond reasonable doubt.
It is not to prove the case beyond all doubts. That standard is impossible to
achieve in the vast majority of cases. In almost all cases, there will remain
that minutiae of doubt. … The question in all cases is whether such doubts are
real or reasonable, or whether they are merely fanciful. It is only when the
doubts belong to the former category that the prosecution had not discharged
its burden, and the accused is entitled to an acquittal.

84 Most recently, in _Jagatheesan_ , two important principles were reiterated
by Rajah J. The first is that it would be erroneous to set up a standard of
absolute certainty that the Prosecution must meet before an accused can be
found guilty. What is necessary for sustaining a conviction is that the
evidence establishes guilt beyond a reasonable doubt. The second concept is
that not all doubts about the Prosecution’s case are reasonable doubts.

85 In _Took Leng How_ ([55] _supra_), the Prosecution’s case rested on the
argument that the accused had sexually assaulted the deceased and murdered her
to mask his deeds. Counsel for the accused in that case attempted to mount
several possibilities as to the deceased’s cause of death, such as the
deceased developing fits which resulted in her death or the causing of trauma
to her head or suffocation from swallowing her tongue or oxygen deprivation
after the accused wrapped her in plastic bags in preparation to dispose of her
body. Chao JA, in rejecting these arguments, reiterated that the criminal
standard of proof did not mean that “every doubt that is raised by the Defence
will amount to a reasonable doubt” (at [28]).

86 It is clear, therefore, that the paramount consideration of the courts is
not the elimination of all doubts, but whether such doubts are real or
reasonable or merely a fanciful possibility. To put it another way, even _if_
there is some doubt, it remains an “untested hypothesis” unless counsel for
the Defence is able to point to some evidence supporting the hypothesis he
seeks to canvass.

87 Returning to the present case, the evidence of Assoc Prof Lau essentially
led us to draw three conclusions. First, he agreed that, having considered all
the available forensic medical evidence, genetic abnormalities or variations
in the deceased were of negligible significance. On the balance of
probabilities, he opined that the deceased had died from an _unnatural_ cause
of death rather than a _natural_ one. Second, he stated that he had to give a
necessarily guarded opinion about the actual medical cause of death because of
the state of decomposition of the body. This was understandable as the body of
the deceased was only recovered some 72 hours after her death. Third, the only
evidence upon which Assoc Prof Lau could make a pathological finding as to the
cause of death consisted of the injuries he could find, namely, the voluminous
lungs, acute pulmonary oedema and the genital injuries, though those were not
necessarily lethal. In our view, the various possibilities as canvassed by
counsel for the Defence were simply speculative possibilities that were
unsupported by any clear evidence or basis.

88 In contrast, the statements of the appellant verified how the deceased had
been immersed into the water until her body became limp, soft and motionless.
In other words, the deceased had drowned and this was in fact consistent with
Assoc Prof Lau’s finding. We found, on the other hand, that the possibilities
canvassed by his counsel remained an untested hypothesis and the appellant had
therefore failed to raise a reasonable doubt as to the cause of death of the
deceased. In our view, there was compelling evidence that the appellant had
immersed the deceased into water and had thereby caused her death.

**_Defence of grave and sudden provocation_**

_The applicable principles_

89 The appellant also sought to bring himself within Exception 1 to s 300 of
the Code (“Exception 1”), which embodies (in statutory form) the doctrine of
provocation which would reduce what would otherwise be an offence of murder to
culpable homicide instead (bearing in mind that conviction under the former
offence carries the mandatory death sentence). Exception 1 itself reads as
follows:

_Exception_ 1.—Culpable homicide is not murder if the offender whilst deprived
of the power of self-control by grave and sudden provocation, causes the death
of the person who gave the provocation, or causes the death of any other
person by mistake or accident.

The above exception is subject to the following provisos:

(_a_) that the provocation is not sought or voluntarily provoked by the
offender as an excuse for killing or doing harm to any person;

(_b_) that the provocation is not given by anything done in obedience to the
law, or by a public servant in the lawful exercise of the powers of such
public servant;

(_c_) that the provocation is not given by anything done in the lawful
exercise of the right of private defence.

_Explanation_.—Whether the provocation was grave and sudden enough to prevent
the offence from amounting to murder is a question of fact.

90 The law relating to the doctrine of provocation generally has resulted in a
veritable plethora of academic literature. This is not surprising, perhaps,
because of the many controversies that (unfortunately) bedevil the doctrine
(see generally, for example, the UK Law Commission, _Partial Defences to
Murder_ (Law Com No 290, Cm 6301, 2004) (“UK Report”) at Part 3, and reference
may also be made to the Law Commission’s earlier Consultation Paper of the
same title (Consultation Paper No 173, 31 October 2003) (“UK Consultation
Paper”)). Indeed, Lord Hoffmann observed thus in the House of Lords decision
of _Regina v Smith (Morgan)_ [2001] 1 AC 146 (“ _Smith (Morgan)_ ”) at 159:

[I]t is impossible to read even a selection of the extensive modern literature
on provocation without coming to the conclusion that the concept has serious
logical and moral flaws.

Not surprisingly, the UK Law Commission has proposed reforms in relation to
the doctrine (see UK Report at Part 3, especially at para 3.168).

91 Many of the controversies are by no means irrelevant in the Singapore
context, particularly given the fact that Exception 1 was based on – and is
related to – the relevant English law. One which raises particularly thorny
issues is the question as to whether or not the accused’s personal
idiosyncrasies can be taken into account in his or her favour in so far as the
issue of the loss of self-control (as opposed to the gravity of the
provocation) is concerned. The House of Lords in _Director of Public
Prosecutions v Camplin_ [1978] AC 705 (“ _Camplin_ ”) had refused to follow
its earlier decision in _Bedder v Director of Public Prosecutions_ [1954] 1
WLR 1119 and held that the court could take into consideration the accused’s
personal idiosyncrasies (including his age and physical characteristics) which
would affect the gravity of the provocation. However, Lord Diplock also
observed in _Camplin_ (at 716) that:

The public policy that underlay the adoption of the “reasonable man” test in
the common law doctrine of provocation was to reduce the incidence of fatal
violence by preventing a person relying upon his own exceptional pugnacity or
excitability as an excuse for loss of self-control.

Not surprisingly, perhaps, _Camplin_ did not resolve conclusively the issue
just referred to. Indeed, in the subsequent Hong Kong Privy Council decision
of _Luc Thiet Thuan v The Queen_ [1997] AC 131 (“ _Luc Thiet Thuan_ ”), it was
held that the accused’s personal idiosyncrasies ought _not_ to be taken into
account in so far as the issue of _the loss of self-control_ (as opposed to
the gravity of the provocation) was concerned, endorsing the view of Prof
Ashworth in his seminal article (see A J Ashworth, “The Doctrine of
Provocation” [1976] CLJ 292 (“Ashworth’s article”)).

92 However, in the House of Lords decision of _Smith (Morgan)_ , _Luc Thiet
Thuan_ was _not_ followed. _Smith (Morgan)_ , which was itself the subject of
some trenchant criticism (see, in particular, John Gardner & Timothy Macklem,
“Compassion without Respect? Nine Fallacies in _R. v. Smith_ ” [2001] Crim LR
623), was _not_ followed in yet another subsequent Privy Council decision (on
appeal from the Court of Appeal of Jersey) in _Attorney General for Jersey v
Holley_ [2005] 2 AC 580 (“ _Holley_ ”) (perceptively noted by Prof Andrew
Ashworth in “Murder” [2005] Crim LR 966). Interestingly, an enlarged board of
some _nine_ members was constituted to hear the appeal in _Holley_ and the
decision was rendered by a majority of six to three). Notwithstanding the fact
that _Holley_ was not a decision of the House of Lords, it is significant that
Lord Nicholls of Birkenhead (who delivered the judgment of the majority of the
Board) observed, right at the outset of the judgment, thus (at [1]):

This appeal from the Court of Appeal of Jersey calls for examination of the
law relating to provocation as a defence or, more precisely, as a partial
defence to a charge of murder. _Jersey law on this subject is the same as
English law_. In July 2000 the House of Lords considered the ingredients of
this defence in the _Morgan Smith_ case (_R v Smith (Morgan)_ [2001] 1 AC
146). The decision of the House in that case is in direct conflict with the
decision of their Lordships’ board in _Luc Thiet Thuan v The Queen_ [1997] AC
131. And the reasoning of the majority in the _Morgan Smith_ case is not easy
to reconcile with the reasoning of the House of Lords in _R v Camplin_ [1978]
AC 705 or _R v Morhall_ [1996] AC 90. _This appeal, being heard by an enlarged
board of nine members, is**concerned** **to resolve this conflict and clarify
definitively the present state of English law** , and hence Jersey law, on
this important subject._ [emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

93 That the position in _Holley_ now represents the applicable English law has
been confirmed in no uncertain terms by the English Court of Appeal decision
of _Regina v James_ [2006] QB 588. On the specific (and interesting) issue of
precedent in so far as the English position was concerned, Lord Phillips of
Worth Matravers CJ, delivering the judgment of the court (which “sat five
strong because [the appeals] raise a novel and important question of law
relating to precedent” (see _id_ at [1])), adopted a principled (yet
practical) approach that ensured that substance would take precedence over
form; he observed thus (at [40]–[45]):

40 **** If we accept what Professor Ashworth describes as the “purist strain
of argument” and allow these appeals, our decision, until reversed by the
House of Lords as it surely will be, will have to be followed by judges
directing juries in trials around the country. Sir Allan was right to refer to
this as reducing the law to a game of ping-pong. We do not wish to produce
such a result. If we are not to do so, however, two questions must be faced.
(i) How do we justify disregarding very well established rules of precedent?
And (ii) what principles do we put in place of those that we are disregarding?
The two questions are obviously interrelated.

41 As to the first question, it is not this court, but the Lords of Appeal in
Ordinary who have altered the established approach to precedent. There are
possible constitutional issues in postulating that a Board of the Privy
Council, however numerous or distinguished, is in a position on an appeal from
Jersey to displace and replace a decision of the Appellate Committee on an
issue of English law. Our principles in relation to precedent are, however,
common law principles. Putting on one side the position of the European Court
of Justice, the Lords of Appeal in Ordinary have never hitherto accepted that
any other tribunal could overrule a decision of the Appellate Committee.
Uniquely a majority of the Law Lords have on this occasion decided that they
could do so and have done so in their capacity as members of the Judicial
Committee of the Privy Council. We do not consider that it is for this court
to rule that it was beyond their powers to alter the common law rules of
precedent in this way.

42 The rule that this court must always follow a decision of the House of
Lords and, indeed, one of its own decisions rather than a decision of the
Privy Council is one that was established at a time when no tribunal other
than the House of Lords itself could rule that a previous decision of the
House of Lords was no longer good law. Once one postulates that there are
circumstances in which a decision of the Judicial Committee of the Privy
Council can take precedence over a decision of the House of Lords, it seems to
us that this court must be bound in those circumstances to prefer the decision
of the Privy Council to the prior decision of the House of Lords. That, so it
seems to us, is the position that has been reached in the case of these
appeals.

43 What are the exceptional features in this case which justify our preferring
the decision in _Holley’s_ case to that in the _Morgan Smith_ case? We
identify the following. (i) All nine of the Lords of Appeal in Ordinary
sitting in _Holley’s_ case agreed in the course of their judgments that the
result reached by the majority clarified definitively English law on the issue
in question. (ii) The majority in _Holley’s_ case constituted half the
Appellate Committee of the House of Lords. We do not know whether there would
have been agreement that the result was definitive had the members of the
Board divided five/four. (iii) In the circumstances, the result of any appeal
on the issue to the House of Lords is a foregone conclusion.

44 We doubt whether this court will often, if ever again, be presented with
the circumstances that we have described above. It is those circumstances
which we consider justify the course that we have decided to take, and our
decision should not be taken as a licence to decline to follow a decision of
the House of Lords in any other circumstances.

45 For the reasons that we have given, we approach the individual appeals on
the premise that the relevant principle of law is to be found in the majority
decision of the Privy Council in _Attorney General for Jersey v Holley_ [2005]
2 AC 580 and not the majority decision of the House of Lords in _R v Smith
(Morgan)_ [2001] 1 AC 146.

94 Fortunately, it is unnecessary (for the most part at least) to refer to the
various controversies that are analysed as well as discussed in the relevant
case law as well as literature – save to observe that the present Singapore
position endorses the position laid down in _Luc Thiet Thuan_ , which _also_
represents the _present English_ position as set out in _Holley_ (see the
decision of this court in _PP v Kwan Cin Cheng_ [1998] 2 SLR 345 (“ _Kwan Cin
Cheng_ ”) at [49] and _Lau Lee Peng_ ([55] _supra_ at [29])). As we shall see,
the facts in the instant appeal present different – and relatively more
straightforward – issues. Indeed, to his credit, counsel for the appellant, Mr
Bajwa, did not belabour the point. He relied on the strongest precedent he
could find, which we will discuss in more detail below. Before proceeding to
do so, it would be appropriate to set out briefly the law relating to
provocation under Exception 1. The basic principles (as opposed to the
specific controversies) have, we should observe, been well established in the
local case law.

95 In _Kwan Cin Cheng_ , for example, Yong Pung How CJ, delivering the grounds
of judgment of the court, observed thus (at [44]):

As the law has developed, there are _two distinct requirements_ for the
provocation defence to apply: _first, a ‘subjective’ requirement that the
accused was deprived of his self-control by provocation; and secondly, an
‘objective’ requirement that the provocation should have been ‘grave and
sudden’. The latter requirement involves the application of the ‘reasonable
man’ test_ accepted in _Vijayan v PP_ [1975] 2 MLJ 8 at p 12; [1975-1977] SLR
100 at p 107 and cited in _Ithinin bin Kamari v PP_ [1993] 2 SLR 245 at p 250:

In our judgment, under our law, where an accused person charged with murder
relies on provocation and claims the benefit of Exception 1 of s 300, the test
to be applied is, would the act or acts alleged to constitute provocation have
deprived a reasonable man of his self-control and induced him to do the act
which caused the death of the deceased and in applying this test it is
relevant to look at and compare the act of provocation with the act of
retaliation.

[emphasis added]

96 In so far as the two distinct requirements set out above are concerned,
Prof Ashworth helpfully (and perceptively) explains the underlying rationale
for the above elements which (as the statement of principle in the preceding
paragraph itself emphasises) contain subjective and objective conditions,
respectively, as follows (see Ashworth’s article ([91] _supra_) at 317–318):

The defence of provocation is the sole concession to loss of self-control by
persons who are not classified as mentally disordered, and this defence can
only operate to reduce murder to manslaughter [culpable homicide not amounting
to murder under s 299 of the Code]. In modern English law the defence has two
main elements, the subjective condition (that the accused was provoked into a
sudden and temporary loss of self-control) and the objective condition (that
the provocation was sufficiently grave to cause a reasonable man to react as
the accused did). The union of subjective and objective conditions is no mere
historical accident. It represents a fairly successful endeavour to express
the core features of provocation as a ground of extenuation for wrongdoing.
Provocation mitigates moral culpability to the extent that a person acted in a
less-than-fully-controlled manner in circumstances in which there was
reasonable justification for him to feel aggrieved at the conduct of another.
The law’s subjective condition operates to ensure that it was not a revenge
killing, but rather a sudden and uncontrolled reaction to perceived injustice.
The objective condition looks to the element of partial justification and,
inevitably, to the conduct of the provoking party. It requires of the jury
[under English law, there being no jury under Singapore law] an assessment of
the seriousness of the provocation, and a judgment as to whether the
provocation was grave enough to warrant a reduction of the crime from murder
to manslaughter. This question of sufficiency is one of degree, and the legal
rules, although they can take the court so far, cannot determine this ultimate
question.

And the same author, in Andrew Ashworth, _Principles of Criminal Law_ (Oxford
University Press, 5th Ed, 2006) elaborates thus with regard to the _first_
requirement (at p 264):

Without this [requirement], there would be no way of excluding planned revenge
killings, and the argument is that they should be excluded from the defence
because a person who coolly plans a response to an affront or a wrong ought to
ensure that the response conforms with the law. The genuinely provoked killer,
on the other hand, is in such a disturbed state of mind that such calculation
does not occur.

Reference may also be made, in this regard, to David Ormerod, _Smith & Hogan
Criminal Law_ (Oxford University Press, 11th Ed, 2005) (“ _Smith & Hogan_”) at
p 446.

97 Returning to the principles set out in _Kwan Cin Cheng_ , the learned Chief
Justice also observed, in so far as the “reasonable man” test was concerned
(at [63] and [65]), that:

The ‘reasonable man’ test formed no part of the provocation defence as drafted
in the Penal Code. It was added by the common law as a control device to
ensure that the defence would be kept within acceptable limits, and this
purpose must be borne in mind when applying the test. …

[T]he expression ‘reasonable man’, though convenient, is somewhat misleading.
The objective test was introduced to ensure a uniform standard of self-
control, and to deny the defence to those who overreact because they are
‘exceptionally pugnacious and bad-tempered and over-sensitive’. The objective
test demands only that the accused should have exercised the same degree of
self-control as an ordinary person. It does not require that his act of
killing must be somehow capable of being viewed as ‘reasonable’. In applying
the test, care must be taken not to peg the standard of self-control and the
degree of provocation required at an unrealistically high level.

98 Also important are Yong CJ’s comments on the status of the
“proportionality” requirement under Singapore law (at [66]–[69]):

66 At the trial below, the prosecution also contended that the respondent’s
reaction was disproportionate or not commensurate with the provocation
offered. Such a ‘proportionality’ requirement was a noticeable feature in
English law on provocation since _Mancini v DPP_ [1942] AC 1. However, its
importance diminished after the enactment of s 3 of the Homicide Act 1957
(which, as stated earlier, provided that the question of whether a reasonable
man would have reacted like the accused to the provocation must be left to the
jury), and it no longer has the status of a rule of law: _Phillips v R_ [1969]
2 AC 130 at p 138, per Lord Diplock. In Singapore, the ‘proportionality’
criterion has been applied in several cases. In _Vijayan_ , it was phrased as
a requirement for a ‘reasonable relationship’ between the provocation and the
accused’s reaction. However, it was clear that the court viewed this as part
of the test of whether the provocation was grave and sudden; the court said at
p 12:

But as the test of the sufficiency of the provocation, namely, whether or not
the provocation offered would have induced a reasonable man to do what the
accused did, cannot be applied without comparing the provocation with the
retaliation, the element of ‘reasonable relationship’ is an essential factor
to be taken into consideration.

67 This court in _Ithinin bin Kamari v PP_ also held (at p 251) that the
retaliation of the accused in that case had been ‘entirely out of proportion’
to the alleged acts of provocation.

68 The ‘proportionality’ requirement, as phrased in these and other cases,
suggested that an accused is expected to tailor his retaliation to the degree
of provocation even after having lost self-control. It may be argued that this
is unrealistic if the accused had totally lost self-control; but this
criticism overlooks the fact that the loss of self-control is a matter of
degree. As Lord Diplock said in _Phillips v R_ [1969] 2 AC 130 at pp 137–138:

[C]ounsel for the appellant contended … that once a reasonable man had lost
his self-control his actions ceased to be those of a reasonable man and that
accordingly he was no longer fully responsible in law for them whatever he
did. This argument is based on the premise that loss of self-control is not a
matter of degree but is absolute: there is no intermediate stage between icy
detachment and going berserk. This premise, unless the argument is purely
semantic, must be based upon human experience and is, in their Lordships’
view, false.

69 However, _in our view, a ‘proportionality’ criterion would be more
accurately expressed in the following terms: in deciding if an accused had
exercised sufficient self-control for the objective test, a relevant question
may be whether the degree of loss of self-control was commensurate with the
severity of the provocation. Nonetheless, it must be recognised that where the
provocation defence in Exception 1 to s 300 is concerned, the accused’s loss
of self-control would ex hypothesi always have been of an extreme degree,
resulting in the killing of another person. In practice, an inquiry into
‘proportionality’ does little to answer the essential question of whether an
ordinary person would, upon receiving the provocation in question, have lost
his self control to this extent and reacted as the accused did._

[emphasis added]

99 The principles set out in _Kwan Cin Cheng_ (at [97] above) were reiterated
in the decision of this court in _Lim Chin Chong v PP_ [1998] 2 SLR 794 (“
_Lim Chin Chong_ ”), where M Karthigesu JA, delivering the grounds of judgment
of the court, observed thus (at [28]–[29]):

This said, we will observe that this court recently reviewed the law on the
defence of grave and sudden provocation in _PP vKwan Cin Cheng_ [1998] 2 SLR
345. The court laid down two distinct requirements for the defence to apply:
first, a subjective requirement that the accused was deprived of his self-
control by provocation; and the second, an objective requirement that the
provocation should have been grave and sudden.

_In PP vKwan Cin Cheng_ it was held that in determining if the objective
requirement was satisfied, the emotional state of mind of the accused at the
material time can properly be taken into account as it affected the gravity of
the provocation from the deceased, and earlier events and the mental
background they created in the accused may be relevant. However, such
characteristics of the accused must be contrasted with individual
peculiarities of the accused which merely affect his power of self-control but
not the gravity of the provocation. _KwanCin Cheng_ stressed that the
objective test demands only that the accused should have exercised the same
degree of self-control as an ordinary person. It does not require that his act
of killing must be somehow viewed as ‘reasonable’. The court also clarified
the requirement of ‘proportionality’ in the objective test, ie the requirement
that the accused’s reason be proportionate or commensurate with the
provocation offered.

100 The principles in _Kwan Cin Cheng_ were likewise endorsed in _Lau Lee
Peng_ ([55] _supra_), where Chao Hick Tin JA, who delivered the grounds of
judgment of the court, observed thus (at [28]–[31]):

28 How [Exception 1] should be interpreted and applied was recently considered
by this court in _PP v Kwan Cin Cheng_ [1998] 2 SLR 345 where it held (at p
355):

As the law has developed, there are two distinct requirements for the
provocation defence to apply: first, a ‘subjective’ requirement that the
accused was deprived of his self-control by provocation; and secondly, an
‘objective’ requirement that the provocation should have been ‘grave and
sudden’. The latter requirement involves the application of the ‘reasonable
man’ test accepted in _Vijayan v PP_ [1975] 2 MLJ 8 at p 12; [1975-1977] SLR
100 at p 107 and cited in _Ithinin bin Kamari v PP_ [1993] 2 SLR 245 at p 250:

‘In our judgment, under our law, where an accused person charged with murder
relies on provocation and claims the benefit of Exception 1 of s 300, the test
to be applied is would the act or acts alleged to constitute provocation have
deprived a reasonable man of his self-control and induced him to do the act
which caused the death of the deceased and in applying this test it is
relevant to look at and compare the act of provocation with the act of
retaliation.’

29 However, the fact that the second requirement is to be determined
objectively does not mean that any characteristics of the accused, including
mental infirmities, could not be taken into account if they affected the
gravity of the provocation. But individual peculiarities which merely affected
the accused’s power of self-control but not the gravity of the provocation
should not be taken into account: see _DPP v Camplin_ [1978] 2 All ER 168 at
175 per Lord Diplock and _Luc Thiet Thuan v R_ [1997] AC 131 …

30 In _Kwan Cin Cheng_ , it was held that in determining if the objective
requirement was satisfied, the emotional state of mind of the accused at the
material time could properly be taken into account as it would affect the
gravity of the provocation from the deceased. The purpose of this objective
test is really to deny the defence to persons who overreact simply because
they are ‘exceptionally pugnacious, bad-tempered and over-sensitive.’

31 Some earlier authorities also appear to speak of a separate or distinct
requirement of proportionality, over and above the two requirements relating
to the defence discussed above. This proportionality test suggests that the
retaliation taken must be commensurate with the provocation offered which
caused the accused to lose his self-control: _N Govindasamy v PP_ [1975-1977]
SLR 165; [1976] 2 MLJ 49; _Wo Yok Ling v PP_ [1978-1979] SLR 78; [1979] 1 MLJ
101 and _Koh Swee Beng v PP_ [1991] SLR 319; [1991] 3 MLJ 401. In the light of
the discussion in _Kwan Cin Cheng_ , the test of proportionality is probably
not a distinct requirement for raising the defence of provocation. It is a
factor to be taken into account in determining whether the objective test of
gravity and suddenness is fulfilled. Therefore, the fact that the retaliatory
acts may have been out of proportion to the provocation offered does not
necessarily mean that the defence must fail. This is because where the
provocation defence in Exception 1 to s 300 is raised, the accused’s acts of
retaliation would ex hypothesi always have been of an extreme degree,
resulting in the death of another person. An inquiry into ‘proportionality’
does little to answer the essential question of whether an ordinary person
would, upon receiving the provocation in question, have reacted in the same
way the accused did.

101 And, in the decision of this court in _Seah Kok Meng v PP_ [2001] 3 SLR
135 (“ _Seah Kok Meng_ ”), Chao Hick Tin JA, who delivered the judgment of the
court, observed as follows (at [21]):

In _PP v Kwan Cin Cheng_ [1998] 2 SLR 345 and _Lau Lee Peng_ _v PP_ [2000] 2
SLR 628, this court laid down that there are two distinct requirements which
must be satisfied before the defence of provocation can be successfully
raised. First, is the subjective requirement that the accused was deprived of
his self-control by provocation. Second, is the objective requirement that the
provocation must have been ‘grave and sudden’ which involved the application
of the ‘reasonable man’ test. The question involves considering whether an
ordinary person of the same sex and age as the accused, sharing such of his
characteristics as would affect the gravity of the provocation and placed in
the same situation, would have been so provoked as to lose his self-control.

102 It is also important to note (in so far as the first requirement relating
to a loss of self-control is concerned) that the antithesis of a loss of self-
control is deliberation (and even calculation). The former is a necessary
(albeit not sufficient) prerequisite before the defence under Exception 1 will
be successful. The presence of the latter, on the other hand, indicates that
the provocation was not sudden and the defence would therefore not succeed
(see, for example, the Singapore High Court decision of _PP v Tsang Yuk Chung_
[1988] SLR 812 at 820, [33], where the court held that “the stabbing was a
calculated and deliberate act”; see also _Lim Chin Chong_ ([99] _supra_) at
[30] and _Seah Kok Meng_ at [25], as well as above at [96]). It is equally
clear that “[m]ere assertion would not suffice” (_per_ Chao JA in _Lau Lee
Peng_ at [32]).

103 It is also important to emphasise that whilst (as clearly set out in the
local case law noted above) there is no requirement of “proportionality” as
such, the severity of the physical assault is a factor which the court would
(in most cases at least) take into account (see, for example, _Seah Kok Meng_
at [26]).

_Our decision_

104 The appellant argued that the deceased’s continuous and incessant crying
made him angrier and caused him to lose his self-control. He submitted that
this amounted to cumulative provocation as there was no cooling-off period.
Having regard to the circumstances leading to the deceased’s death, we were of
the view that the appellant did not lose his self-control. Given our finding
above that the appellant had sexually assaulted the deceased, the appellant’s
argument centring on the alleged loss of self-control is wholly without merit.
In any event, even leaving aside the allegation of sexual assault, it is clear
that the appellant’s actions throughout bore all the marks of a person in
clear control of his actions. Although we do not rely on what happened after
the deceased had been immersed by the appellant in the pail of water, these
actions are entirely consistent with our conclusion and are wholly contrary to
the appellant’s own account to the effect that he had been in a state of panic
and, as a result, did not get help for her. To summarise, after he realised
the deceased was motionless, the appellant tried to revive her and, on
realising that she was dead, he demonstrated the presence of mind to dress her
in the same clothing that he had removed from her before the immersions into
the pail of water. Further, we noted that he brought her body back to the
Pipit Road flat so as not to arouse any suspicions. In the Pipit Road flat, he
took elaborate precautions to warn his family members not to make any noise so
as not to wake the deceased. The methodical and laborious steps taken to mask
the fact that she was already dead were elaborate and calculated in nature; he
placed her body on the bed, placing pillows on her legs and hands to create
the appearance of slumber. He carried her out of the Pipit Road flat only when
his father was having his evening prayers and he left the back door of the
flat open such that it appeared that someone had walked in and might have
taken the deceased away. After he had disposed of her body under the Aljunied
flyover, he returned to the Pipit Road flat and pretended to be angry by
punching Rahim on learning that the deceased was missing.

105 Moreover, even if we had accepted the appellant’s account (and had
therefore disregarded any allegation of sexual assault of the deceased by the
appellant), the _gravity_ of the provocation could hardly be such as to
justify what the appellant did to the deceased and which resulted in her
death. How the cries of a toddler could constitute provocation of the type
envisaged by Exception 1 (in particular where, as here, the accused was not
suffering from any unusual condition) defies imagination. Mr Bajwa’s reference
to the appellant’s poor parenting skills is, with respect, wholly unconvincing
and could not possibly pass legal muster even allowing for the most flexible
of approaches adopted by the court.

106 Mr Bajwa, however, referred us to the English decision of _R v Stephen
Clifford Doughty_ (1986) 83 Cr App R 319 (“ _Doughty_ ”), where the defendant
was charged with the murder of his 17-day-old son. The facts of this case were
of some significance. The defendant admitted that he had tried to stop the
son’s persistent crying by covering the boy’s head with cushions and kneeling
on them. Defence counsel in that case tried to argue that the boy’s persistent
crying prior to killing was evidence of provocation which should have been
left to the jury to consider in accordance with s 3 of the Homicide Act 1957
(c 11) (UK) (“the 1957 Act”), which reads as follows:

Where on a charge of murder there is evidence on which the jury can find that
the person charged was provoked (whether by things done or by things said or
by both together) to lose his self-control, the question whether the
provocation was enough to make a reasonable man do as he did shall be left to
be determined by the jury; and in determining that question the jury shall
take into account everything both done and said according to the effect which,
in their opinion, it would have on a reasonable man.

107 At first instance in _Doughty_ , the trial judge ruled that the cries of
the child did not allow the defendant to raise the defence of provocation.
Despite the express wording of s 3 of the 1957 Act, he refused to leave the
issue of provocation to the jury and convicted the defendant of murder on the
ground that “perfectly natural episodes or events of crying and restlessness
by a 17 day old baby does not constitute evidence of provocation in relation
to the first subjective question” (see _Doughty_ at 324).

108 The defendant appealed against his conviction and before the English Court
of Appeal, the issue that arose for consideration was whether the trial judge
had erred in refusing to leave the issue of provocation for the jury’s
consideration. On this issue, the Court of Appeal held that the wording of s 3
of the 1957 Act was mandatory and that the decision whether the defendant’s
act would have been the response of a reasonable man should have been left to
the jury.

109 On one view, _Doughty_ may be seen simply as endorsing a broad meaning of
“provoked” as being equivalent to “caused” (and see UK Consultation Paper
([90] _supra_) at paras 1.33, 4.9 and 4.163). However, this broad meaning came
about as a result of the specific introduction of s 3 of the 1957 Act
(reproduced above at [106]). In particular, the abovementioned provision _did
away with_ the prior position to the effect that _the court_ could rule, as a
matter of _law_ , as to what could and what could not constitute provocation
(in other words, it used to be the case that not everything that might have
“provoked” the accused to lose his or her self-control would be considered as
constituting provocative conduct within the meaning of the law). Put simply, s
3 of the 1957 Act “removed from the judge the power to withdraw the defence of
provocation from the jury in a case where there was evidence that in fact the
defendant had lost his or her self-control but the judge did not believe that
a reasonable man would have done so” and that “[t]he section does this by
expressly providing that it is for the jury to decide whether the provocation
was enough to make a reasonable do as the accused did” (see UK Consultation
Paper (at para 4.6)). Indeed, this particular provision has been described, in
the English Court of Appeal decision of _R v Kuljit Singh Dhillon_ [1997] 2 Cr
App R 104 at 114, as an “almost unique statutory requirement” and Prof J C
Smith (in a commentary on this case in “Provocation” [1997] Crim LR 295) has
correctly pointed out that the (English) law as it stands furnishes the
accused with the opportunity to receive a perverse verdict at the trial,
albeit not necessarily on appeal (at 296). It should, however, be noted that,
even under s 3 of the 1957 Act, if there was “merely the speculative
possibility that there had been an act of provocation”, it would be wrong of
the judge to direct the jury to consider the defence of provocation (see, for
example, the House of Lords decision of _Regina v Acott_ [1997] 2 Cr App R 94
at 102). Viewed in this light, all that _Doughty_ decides is that the trial
judge in that case was wrong in not adhering to the position (just stated)
which was the result of the introduction of s 3 of the 1957 Act and had erred
in deciding, as a question of law, that the defence of provocation was not
available to the accused. Indeed, it is of some significance, in our view,
that the court in _Doughty_ nevertheless did refer to the trial judge’s
reasoning as being “understandable” (at 326). The court also stated that it
arrived at its decision “though fully understanding [the trial judge’s]
reasons” (_ibid_).

110 And, as Prof Ormerod has observed (in _Smith & Hogan_ ([96] _supra_) at pp
444–445):

Since provocation continues to be a defence at common law it might have been
held that the words ‘provoked’ and ‘provocation’ in s 3 bear the limited
meaning they had at common law, subject only to the limited changes expressly
made by the section. This has not been the approach of the courts. These words
have been given their ordinary natural meaning, free of the technical
limitations of the common law** _. One of the starkest_** **_examples_** of
this is _Doughty_ in which it was held that the judge was bound by the plain
words of the section to leave provocation to the jury where there was evidence
that the persistent crying of his baby had caused D to lose his self-control
and kill it. **_Whatever the position may have been at common law, the
provocation does not have to be an illegal or wrongful act. There must be
‘things done or things said’ and the crying of the baby was presumably
regarded as a ‘thing done’. The court rejected an argument that the decision
would open the floodgates: the decision did not mean that baby-killers would
easily be able to avoid conviction for murder on the basis of provocation:
‘... because reliance can be placed upon the common sense of juries upon
who[m] the task of deciding the issue is_** **_imposed by s 3 and that common
sense will ensure that only in cases where the facts fully justified it would
their verdict be likely to be that [they] would hold [that] a defendant’s act
in killing a crying child would be the response of a reasonable man within the
section’._** This broad interpretation of the trigger for the defence means
that there is no require­ment that the provoking acts or words were performed
consciously, let alone with the deliberate intent to provoke. This dilution of
the concept of ‘provocation’ to mean merely words or conduct that _cause_ the
loss of control in the defendant has been **_heavily_** **_criticized by
academics_**. [emphasis added in bold italics]

111 More importantly, perhaps, in _Smith (Morgan)_ ([90] _supra_), Lord
Hoffmann observed thus (at 171):

The effect of section 3 [of the 1957 Act] is that once the judge has ruled
that there is evidence upon which the jury can find that something caused the
accused to lose self-control (compare _R v Acott_ [1997] 1 WLR 306), he cannot
tell the jury that the act in question was incapable of amounting to
provocation. But that no longer involves any decision by the judge that it
would be rational so to decide. For example, in _R v Doughty_ (1986) 83 Cr App
R 319 the Court of Appeal held that the judge had been wrong to direct the
jury that the crying of a 17-day-old baby, which had caused its father to kill
it by covering its head with cushions and kneeling on them, could not
constitute a provocative act. Section 3 said that the jury were entitled to
take into account “everything both done and said”. _I respectfully think that
this construction of the Act was correct. But that does not mean that the
judge should tell the jury that the crying of the baby was, in the traditional
language, capable of amounting to provocation. This would give the jury the
impression that the judge thought it would be rational and in accordance with
principle to hold that the crying of the baby constituted an acceptable
partial excuse for killing it. The point about section 3 is that it no longer
matters whether the judge thinks so or not. He should therefore be able simply
to tell the jury that the question of whether such behaviour fell below the
standard which should reasonably have been expected of the accused was
entirely a matter for them. He should not be obliged to let the jury imagine
that the law now regards anything whatever which caused loss of self-control
(whether an external event or a personal characteristic of the accused) as
necessarily being an acceptable reason for loss of self-control._ [emphasis
added]

112 The following observations by Prof Ashworth may also be usefully noted
(see _Principles of Criminal Law_ ([96] _supra_) at p 264):

This requirement [_viz_ , the first, to the effect that the accused was
deprived of his self-control by provocation] may be divided into two elements,
that D was (a) ** _provoked_** to (b) lose self-control. Thus, in respect of
(a), it is not enough simply to argue that D lost control. The cause must have
been some form of provocation, and s 3 [of the 1957 Act] includes things said
or done by persons other than the deceased, and acts done against persons
other than D (e.g. where D is provoked to kill someone who has just committed
a sexual offence upon D’s son, daughter, wife, etc.). The word ‘provoked’
seems to require a human act that can be regarded as a provocation, rather
than any kind of event which leads D to lose self-control. What is required,
stated Lord Steyn in _Acott_ (1997), is ‘some evidence of a specific act or
words of provocation resulting in a loss of self-control’, whereas ‘a loss of
self-control caused by fear, panic, sheer bad temper or circumstances (e.g. a
slow down of traffic due to snow) would not be enough’. There is good reason
for insisting that the loss of control be provoked, since anger may be
justified and that may strengthen the grounds for partially excusing what
follows. _However, what may properly be defined as ‘provocation’ in this
context is controversial: in_ Doughty _(1986)_ _the crying of a 17-day-old
child was held to be sufficient to fall within the requirement, even though
such an infant is incapable of moral judgement and is patently unaware of the
significance of what he or she is doing. Applying Lord Steyn’s well-founded
distinction between ‘acts or words of provocation’ and mere ‘circumstances’,
one might well place_ Doughty _in the latter category_. [emphasis added,
emphasis in original in bold italics]

113 The following observations by Prof Ormerod with regard to the UK
Consultation Paper ([90] _supra_) may also be usefully noted (see _Smith &
Hogan_ ([96] _supra_) at p 463):

The … proposals represent a radical shift away from the decision in _Smith_
[_Smith (Morgan)_ ([90] _supra_)] to a defence which also incorporates a
partial defence to murder for excessive self-defence. The trial judge would
regain a power to remove the defence from the jury if no reasonable jury
properly directed could conclude that the conduct was provocative: the crying
of a baby would not trigger the defence, nor would the innocent conduct of a
black man which angers a racist.

114 In the circumstances, even if we have regard to the ostensibly broad remit
of s 3 of the 1957 Act, _Doughty_ is – at best – controversial. _In any event_
, _Doughty_ has really _no relevance_ in the Singapore context, where the
legal position is _quite different_ (and where there is, _inter alia_ , no
local equivalent of s 3 of the 1957 Act). Indeed, _even under_ _English_ _law_
, the jury might still decide the issue against the accused in so far as the
issue of loss of self-control was concerned (see above at [109]). Further, the
issue as to whether or not provocation which allegedly came from a _child_
would be _sufficiently grave_ would still need to be decided (this would be
the second (and objective) element (see above at [95])). In this regard, the
following observations by Prof Ashworth are apposite (see Ashworth’s article
([91] _supra_) at 319):

It is also arguable that no one should be provoked into a violent rage by a
young child, and that the defence of provocation should not be available to a
person who uses serious violence and kills in such circumstances. The
objective test respects these moral distinctions: a purely subjective test
could not.

The cases cited by the learned author may also be usefully noted. The first is
the relatively early English decision of _Regina v Mawgridge_ (1707) Kel J
119; 84 ER 1107, where Holt CJ observed thus (at 134; 1114):

The like in obstinate and perverse children, they are a great grief to
parents, and when found in ill actions, are a great provocation. But if upon
such provocation the parent shall exceed the degree of moderation, and thereby
in chastising kill the child, it will be murder.

The second case cited, the English Court of Criminal Appeal decision of _R v
Annie Smith_ (1914) 11 Cr App R 36, concerned an application for leave to
appeal against a conviction of murder. Ridley J observed, _arguendo_ (at 37),
that:

It is difficult to suggest how provocation could be given by a child of two
and a half years.

And, in a commentary on _Doughty_ , it was observed by the learned author thus
(see Jeremy Horder, “The Problem of Provocative Children” [1987] Crim LR 655
at 660):

[T]he younger a child is the more it is like the hypothetical victim who threw
the shoe at Uddin, not knowing the significance of what he was doing, and thus
not “asking for it.” For, as Kronman remarks [in “Paternalism and the Law of
Contracts” (1983) 92 Yale LJ 763 at 788–791], the younger a child is, the more
it lacks moral imagination, the ability and good judgment to assess the moral
significance of the things one does and says both for one’s self and others.
Whilst children’s actions can normally be described as voluntary, their moral
responsibility for those actions becomes developed only with age, just like
their powers of self-control. …

In a case such as _Doughty_ , it follows that the provocation should be
regarded as much less grave in virtue of the fact that a 17-day-old child
obviously cannot be regarded as morally responsible for the provocation
constituted by restlessness and crying.

115 The views in the cases referred to in the preceding paragraph are, of
course, entirely consistent with the approach we have adopted in the present
appeal (see, in particular, above at [114]).

116 In the circumstances, we found that the appellant could not rely on
Exception 1 as he had failed, in all respects, to meet the requirements
contained therein.

**_Alleged judicial interference_**

117 Turning to the next main ground of appeal, the appellant’s case rested on
the allegation that the Judge had engaged in excessive judicial interference
by descending into the arena frequently to express his thoughts about how the
Prosecution should proceed with its case and the evidence required by the
Prosecution to prove its case. He cited several instances in the notes of
evidence to support his contention, which we propose to deal with closely. In
considering this issue, we were of the view that this was a serious allegation
to be made by the appellant. We propose to refer first to the applicable
principles before focusing on the specific instances of judicial intervention
alleged by the appellant in the context of the present proceedings.

_The applicable principles_

(1) Introduction

118 The rationale for the proscription against judicial interference is
virtually self-explanatory. It is part of the concept of the “due process of
law” which Lord Denning has, in an extrajudicial context, succinctly described
as follows (see Lord Denning, _The Due Process of Law_ (Butterworths, 1980) at
p v):

So by ‘due process of law’ I mean _the measures authorised by the law so as to
keep the streams of justice pure: to see that trials and inquiries are fairly
conducted_ ; that arrests and searches are properly made; that lawful remedies
are readily available; and that unnecessary delays are eliminated. It is in
these matters that the common law has shown its undoubted genius. [emphasis
added]

119 However, the need to ensure that there is no judicial interference does
not impact merely on _procedural_ justice for, as we shall see, any such
interference will also result in _substantive_ injustice as well. That
procedural and substantive justice are inextricably connected and that the
latter is the ultimate aim of any judicial process is clear, as was observed
in the Singapore High Court decision of _United Overseas Bank Ltd v Ng Huat
Foundations Pte Ltd_ [2005] 2 SLR 425 at [8]:

The quest for justice … entails a continuous need to balance the procedural
with the substantive. More than that, it is a continuous attempt to ensure
that both are _integrated_ , as far as that is humanly possible. Both
_interact_ with each other. One cannot survive without the other. There must,
therefore, be – as far as is possible – a fair and just procedure that leads
to a fair and just result. This is not merely abstract theorising. It is the
_very basis_ of what the courts do – and ought to do. When in doubt, the
courts would do well to keep these bedrock principles in mind. This is
especially significant because, in many ways, this is how … laypersons
perceive the administration of justice to be. The legitimacy of the law in
their eyes must never be compromised. On the contrary, it should, as far as is
possible, be enhanced. [emphasis in original]

120 We pause here to observe that the judicial interference must obviously be
_excessive_ in ways that are described in further detail below. However, for
ease of reference, the phrase “judicial interference” will be used.

121 Let us turn now to the leading decision in relation to the doctrine which
is at issue before us (_viz_ , that proscribing judicial interference).

(2)  _Jones v National Coal Board_

122 The leading decision in relation to the doctrine proscribing judicial
interference is that of the English Court of Appeal in _Jones v National Coal
Board_ [1957] 2 QB 55 (“ _Jones_ ”), handed down just over half a century ago.
It is significant that the judgment of the court was delivered by a judge
whose passion for justice was legendary. Indeed, in an extrajudicial context,
Lord Denning described this case in which he delivered the judgment as
concerning “[t]he judge who talked too much”. In his characteristic (and, dare
we say, inimitable) style, this is how he described the background to the case
itself (see _The Due Process of Law_ ([118] _supra_) at pp 58–59):

_Once upon a time there was a judge who talked too much. He asked too many
questions. One after another in quick succession. Of witnesses in the box. Of
counsel in their submissions. So much so that they counted up the number. His
exceeded all the rest put together. Both counsel made it a ground of appeal._

He was The Honourable Sir Hugh Imbert Periam Hallett whose initials gave him
the nickname ‘Hippy’ Hallett. He had been a judge for 17 years. He earned a
big reputation as a junior at the bar: and in silk for his knowledge of the
law. He used to appear in the Privy Council where Lord Maugham appreciated his
talents and appointed him a judge in 1939. He started his judicial career
quietly enough but – as often happens – as his experience grew so did his
loquacity. He got so interested in every case that he dived deep into every
detail of it. He became a byword.

The climax came in an ordinary sort of case. It is _Jones v National Coal
Board_. The roof of a coal-mine had fallen. A miner had been buried by it and
died. The widow claimed damages. The case was tried by Hallett J at Chester.
He rejected the widow’s claim. She appealed on the ground, among others, that
the Judge’s interruptions had made it impossible for her counsel to put her
case properly. The Board put in a cross-appeal including among others that the
Judge’s interruptions had prevented the Board from having a fair trial. The
appeal was argued before us by Mr. Gerald Gardiner QC (afterwards Lord
Chancellor) for the widow. He was the most able advocate I have known. On the
other side Mr. Edmund Davies QC (afterwards Lord Edmund-Davies). He was the
most resourceful.

[emphasis added]

123 In _Jones_ itself, the seminal observations of Denning LJ, who (as
mentioned) delivered the judgment of the court, bear quotation in full, as
follows (at 63–65):

_In the system of trial which we have evolved in this country, the judge sits
to hear and determine the issues raised by the parties, not to conduct an
investigation or examination on behalf of society at large, as happens, we
believe, in some foreign countries. Even in England, however, a judge is not a
mere umpire to answer the question “How’s that?” His object, above all, is to
find out the truth, and to do justice according to law; and in the daily
pursuit of it the advocate plays an honourable and necessary role._ Was it not
Lord Eldon L.C. who said in a notable passage that “truth is best discovered
by powerful statements on both sides of the question”?: see _Ex parte Lloyd_
[(1822) Mont 70 at 72n]. And Lord Greene M.R. who explained that justice is
best done by a judge who holds the balance between the contending parties
without himself taking part in their disputations? If a judge, said Lord
Greene, should himself conduct the examination of witnesses, “he, so to speak,
descends into the arena and is liable to have his vision clouded by the dust
of conflict”: see _Yuill_ v. _Yuill_ [[1945] P 15 at 20].

_Yes, he must keep his vision unclouded. It is all very well to paint justice
blind, but she does better without a bandage round her eyes. She should be
blind indeed to favour or prejudice, but clear to see which way lies the
truth: and the less dust there is about the better._ Let the advocates one
after the other put the weights into the scales – the “nicely calculated less
or more” – but the judge at the end decides which way the balance tilts, be it
ever so slightly. _So firmly is all this established in our law that the judge
is not allowed in a civil dispute to call a witness whom he thinks might throw
some light on the facts. He must rest content with the witnesses called by the
parties_ : see _In re Enoch & Zaretzky, Bock & Co_ [[1910] 1 KB 327]_._ _So
also it is for the advocates, each in his turn, to examine the witnesses, and
not for the judge to take it on himself lest by so doing he appear to favour
one side or the other: see Rex_ v. _Cain_ [(1936) 25 Cr App R 204], _Rex_ v.
_Bateman_ [(1946) 31 Cr App R 106], and _Harris_ v. _Harris_ [The Times (9
April 1952)], by Birkett L.J. especially. _And it is for the advocate to state
his case as fairly and strongly as he can, without undue interruption, lest
the sequence of his argument be lost: see Reg._ v. _Clewer_ [(1953) 37 Cr App
R 37]. _The judge’s part in all this is to hearken to the evidence, only
himself asking questions of witnesses when it is necessary to clear up any
point that has been overlooked or left obscure; to see that the advocates
behave themselves seemly and keep to the rules laid down by law; to exclude
irrelevancies and discourage repetition; to make sure by wise intervention
that he follows the points that the advocates are making and can assess their
worth; and at the end to make up his mind where the truth lies. If he goes
beyond this, he drops the mantle of a judge and assumes the robe of an
advocate; and the change does not become him well._ Lord Chancellor Bacon
spoke right when he said that: “Patience and gravity of hearing is an
essential part of justice; and an over-speaking judge is no well-tuned
cymbal.” [Francis Bacon, _Essays or Counsels, Civil and Moral_ , Essay 56 “Of
Judicature”]

Such are our standards. They are set so high that we cannot hope to attain
them all the time. In the very pursuit of justice, our keenness may outrun our
sureness, and we may trip and fall. That is what has happened here. A judge of
acute perception, acknowledged learning, and actuated by the best of motives,
has nevertheless himself intervened so much in the conduct of the case that
one of the parties – nay, each of them – has come away complaining that he was
not able properly to put his case; and these complaints are, we think,
justified.

We have sufficiently indicated the nature of the interventions already, but
there is one matter which we would specially mention. _Mr. Gardiner made
particular complaint of the interference by the judge during the cross-
examination of the defendants’ witnesses by Mr. Mars-Jones_ [counsel for the
plaintiff at the trial]. _Now, it cannot, of course, be doubted that a judge
is not only entitled but is, indeed, bound to intervene at any stage of a
witness’s evidence if he feels that, by reason of the technical nature of the
evidence or otherwise, it is only by putting questions of his own that he can
properly follow and appreciate what the witness is saying. Nevertheless, it is
obvious for more than one reason that such interventions should be as
infrequent as possible when the witness is under cross-examination. It is only
by cross-examination that a witness’s evidence can be properly tested, and it
loses much of its effectiveness in counsel’s hands if the witness is given
time to think out the answer to awkward questions; the very gist of cross-
examination lies in the unbroken sequence of question and answer. Further than
this, cross-examining counsel is at a grave disadvantage if he is prevented
from following a preconceived line of inquiry which is, in his view, most
likely to elicit admissions from the witness or qualifications of the evidence
which he has given in chief. Excessive judicial interruption inevitably
weakens the effectiveness of cross-examination in relation to both the aspects
which we have mentioned, for at one and the same time it gives a witness
valuable time for thought before answering a difficult question, and diverts
cross-examining counsel from the course which he had intended to pursue, and
to which it is by no means easy sometimes to return._ Mr. Gardiner submitted
that the extent of the judge’s interruptions was such that Mr. Mars-Jones was
unduly hampered in his task of probing and testing the evidence which the
defendants’ witnesses gave. We are reluctantly constrained to hold that this
submission is well founded. It appears to us that the interventions by the
judge while Mr. Mars-Jones was cross-examining went far beyond what was
required to enable the judge to follow the witnesses’ evidence and on occasion
took the form of initiating discussions with counsel on questions of law;
further, and all too frequently, the judge interrupted in the middle of a
witness’s answer to a question, or even before the witness had started to
answer at all. In our view it is at least possible that the constant
interruptions to which Mr. Mars-Jones was subjected from the bench may well
have prevented him from eliciting from the defendants’ witnesses answers which
would have been helpful to the plaintiff’s case, and correspondingly damaging
to that of the defendants.

[emphasis added]

124 Unfortunately, this was not the only decision in which Hallett J had
intervened in an unacceptable way. He had also done so in at least one other
decision in the criminal sphere. The conviction was quashed by the English
Court of Criminal Appeal: see _R v Brian Edward Clewer_ (1953) 37 Cr App R 37
(“ _Clewer_ ”).

125 However, it is important to emphasise that _Jones_ was a _truly
exceptional_ case. Indeed, the judge’s interference in that case was so
egregious that _both_ parties each made it a ground for appeal. In our view,
the argument from judicial interference cannot – and must not – become an
avenue (still less, a standard avenue) for unsuccessful litigants to attempt
to impugn the decision of the judge concerned. This would be a flagrant abuse
of process and will not be tolerated by this court. Parties and their counsel
should only invoke such an argument where it is clearly warranted on the facts
(for another clear instance, see the Canadian Supreme Court decision of
_Brouillard v R_ [1985] 1 SCR 39, especially at 48). That some litigants had
sought to exploit the holding shortly even after _Jones_ itself was decided is
clear from Lord Denning’s own extrajudicial account. He would – quite rightly,
in our view – have none of it. This is what he had to say (see _The Due
Process of Law_ ([118] _supra_) at p 62):

After that case [_viz_ , _Jones_], there were several appeals which came
before us – from other judges – on similar grounds. The lawyers used to get
shorthand notes, count up the number of questions asked by the judge and by
counsel, and then ask for a new trial. _But I do not remember any appeal that
succeeded on that ground. ‘Hippy’ Hallett stands in isolation. Let others take
heed_. [emphasis added]

126 It is appropriate, at this juncture, to turn to the principles enunciated
in other Commonwealth decisions as well as significant extralegal speeches by
the judges themselves before proceeding to summarise the principles that ought
to be applicable in our courts – always bearing in mind the fact (as
emphasised in the preceding paragraph) that the argument from judicial
interference will succeed only in the most egregious cases.

(3) Other Commonwealth case law and speeches

(A) THE CASE LAW

127 It is imperative that the judge concerned must not be perceived to have
“descended into the arena”. In the oft-cited words of Lord Greene MR in the
English Court of Appeal decision of _Yuill v Yuill_ [1945] P 15 at 20:

A judge who observes the demeanour of the witnesses while they are being
examined by counsel has from his detached position a much more favourable
opportunity of forming a just appreciation than a judge who himself conducts
the examination. _If he takes the latter course he, so to speak, descends into
the arena and is liable to have his vision clouded by the dust of the
conflict. Unconsciously he deprives himself of the advantage of calm and
dispassionate observation. It is further to be remarked, as everyone who has
had experience of these matters knows, that the demeanour of a witness is apt
to be very different when he is being questioned by the judge to what it is
when he is being questioned by counsel_ , particularly when the judge’s
examination is, as it was in the present case, prolonged and covers
practically the whole of the crucial matters which are in issue. [emphasis
added]

128 In the English Court of Appeal decision of _R v Donald Walter Matthews_
(1983) 78 Cr App R 23 (“ _Matthews_ ”), Purchas LJ, who delivered the judgment
of the court, made the following important observations (at 32–33):

To summarise these authorities the following propositions appear to emerge:
(1) Whilst a large number of interruptions must put this court on notice of
the possibility of a denial of justice, **_mere statistics are not of
themselves decisive_** ; (2) The **_critical aspect_** of the investigation is
the **_quality_** of the interventions as they relate to the attitude of the
judge as might be observed by the jury and the effect that the interventions
have either upon the orderly, proper and lucid deployment of the case for the
defendant by his advocate or upon the efficacy of the attack to be made on the
defendant’s behalf upon vital prosecution witnesses by cross-examination
administered by his advocate on his behalf; (3) ** _In analysing the overall
effect of the interventions, quantity and quality cannot be considered in
isolation, but will react the one upon the other_** ; but **_the question
which is posed ultimately for this court_** **_is_** “ _Might_ the case for
the defendant as presented to the jury over the trial as a whole, including
the adducing and testing of evidence, the submissions of counsel and the
summing-up of the judge, be such that the jury’s verdict might be unsafe?” In
the presence of conditions in which this Court has been alerted in the manner
to which we have referred, it appears to us that if there is **_a possibility
of a denial of justice_** then this Court ought to intervene. [emphasis added
in bold italics]

129 Although the above observations were made in the context of a trial by
jury, the general principles which they embody apply with equal force in the
Singapore context.

130 _Matthews_ was cited and applied by the English Court of Appeal in _Regina
v Sharp_ [1994] QB 261. Stuart-Smith LJ, who delivered the judgment of the
court, also observed, in the context of a judge’s intervention in the course
of examination and, in particular, cross-examination (at 273; reference may
also be made to _Clewer_ ([124] _supra_ , especially at 40); the Manitoba
Court of Appeal decision of _Regina v Ignat_ (1965) 53 WWR 248 at 250–251; and
the Ontario Court of Appeal decision of _Regina v Turlon_ (1989) 49 CCC (3d)
186, especially at 191 (the trial judge ought not to engage in extensive
cross-examination of prosecution witnesses on behalf of an unrepresented
accused)), as follows:

When a judge intervenes in the course of examination, or particularly cross-
examination, a number of problems can arise depending on the frequency and
manner of the interruptions. First the judge may be in danger of seeming to
enter the arena in the sense that he may appear partial to one side or the
other. This may arise from the hostile tone of questioning or implied
criticism of counsel who is conducting the examination or cross-examination,
or if the judge is impressed by a witness, perhaps suggesting excuses or
explanations for a witness’s conduct which is open to attack by counsel for
the opposite party. Quite apart from this, frequent interruptions may so
disrupt the thread of cross-examination that counsel’s task may be seriously
hampered. In a case of any complexity cross-examination of the principal
witnesses is something that calls for careful preparation and planning. It is
the most important part of the advocate’s art, because a competent cross-
examination is designed to weaken or destroy the opponent’s case and to gain
support for the client’s case. But it is easier said than done. If the judge
intervenes at a crucial point where the witness is being constrained to make
an important admission, it can have an adverse effect on the trial.

In general, when a cross-examination is being conducted by competent counsel a
judge should not intervene, save to clarify matters he does not understand or
thinks the jury may not understand. If he wishes to ask questions about
matters that have not been touched upon it is generally better to wait until
the end of the examination or cross-examination. This is no doubt a counsel of
perfection and a judge should not be criticised for occasional transgressions;
still less can it be said in such cases that there is any irregularity in the
conduct of the trial or that the verdict is unsafe or unsatisfactory. But
there may come a time, depending on the nature and frequency of the
interruptions that a reviewing court is of the opinion that defence counsel
was so hampered in the way he properly wished to conduct the cross-examination
that the judge’s conduct amounts to a material irregularity.

131 In a similar vein, in the English Court of Appeal decision of _R v
Kolliari Mehmet Hulusi_ (1973) 58 Cr App R 378 (“ _Hulusi_ ”), Lawton LJ, who
delivered the judgment of the court, observed thus (at 385):

It is a fundamental principle of an English trial that, if an accused gives
evidence, he must be allowed to do so without being badgered and interrupted.
Judges should remember that most people go into the witness-box, whether they
be witnesses for the Crown or the defence, in a state of nervousness. They are
anxious to do their best. They expect to receive a courteous hearing, and when
they find, almost as soon as they get into the witness-box and are starting to
tell their story, that the judge of all people is intervening in a hostile
way, then, human nature being what it is, they are liable to become confused
and not to do as well as they would have done had they not been badgered and
interrupted.

Indeed, in the (also) English Court of Appeal decision of _Regina v Marsh_ The
Times (6 July 1993) (transcript available on Lexis) (where the above
observations by Lawton LJ in _Hulusi_ were applied), the accused was convicted
but appealed, _inter alia_ , on the ground that the trial judge had
interrupted about 90 times during his evidence-in-chief. Counsel for the
accused sought to distinguish certain interventions which were “hostile”. The
court held that the 90 instances were “instances of the learned judge seeking
to be sure that he had understood or correctly heard what was said by the
witness” and that, looking at the course taken by the trial judge, he had
dealt fairly with the case.

132 And in the Ontario Court of Appeal decision of _Majcenic v Natale_ [1968]
1 OR 189, Evans JA, who delivered the judgment of the court, stated as follows
(at 203–204):

I can appreciate that on occasion it is not only desirable but neces­sary that
the trial Judge question the witnesses for the purpose of clarification of the
evidence and I do not consider that he is solely an umpire or arbitrator in
the proceedings. There is a limit however to the intervention and when the
intervention is of such a nature that it impels one to conclude that the trial
Judge is directing examination or cross-examination _in such a manner as to
constitute possible injustice to either party_ , then such intervention
becomes interference and is improper.

…

When a Judge intervenes in the examination or cross-examination of witnesses,
to such an extent that he projects himself into the arena, he of necessity,
adopts a position which is inimical to the interests of one or other of the
litigants. His action, whether conscious or unconscious, no matter how well
intentioned or motivated, creates an atmos­phere which violates the principle
that “justice not only be done, but appear to be done”. Intervention amounting
to interference in the conduct of a trial destroys the image of judicial
impartiality and deprives the Court of jurisdiction. _The right to intervene
is one of degree and there cannot be a precise line of demarcation but if it
can be fairly said that it amounted to the usurpation of the function of
counsel it is not permissible_.

[emphasis added]

133 And, in the New South Wales Court of Criminal Appeal decision of _R v Burl
Lars_ (1994) 73 A Crim R 91, it was emphasised at 125 that “it is the _total
effect_ of [the judge’s] interventions which must be evaluated to see whether
the trial was ultimately rendered unfair so that a miscarriage of justice has
resulted” [emphasis added].

134 In the Court of Appeal of Barbados decision of _Colin Wooding v The Queen_
(Criminal Appeal No 9 of 2002, 4 October 2005 (unreported), accessible at
<http://www.lawcourts.gov.bb/Lawlibrary/events.asp?id=626> (accessed 23
September 2008)) (“ _Wooding_ ”), Sir David Simmons CJ emphasised (at [11])
that:

The question in any case where it is alleged that a trial judge improperly
intervened in the trial must be answered both from the standpoint of the
defendant (subjectively) and from the standpoint of a reasonable person who
might have observed the trial (objectively). Thus, the trial must have been
fair in the eyes of the defendant and seen to have been so by an objective by-
stander. Convictions will be quashed where judicial interventions have made it
impossible for defence counsel properly to present the defence or have
deflected counsel during the cross-examination from his strategy and
considered line of questioning.

135 It is important to emphasise, however, that this does not mean that the
judge concerned must sit quietly by, come what may. As du Parcq J observed in
the English Court of Criminal Appeal decision of _R v David Henry Cain_ (1936)
25 Cr App R 204 at 205:

The Judge began by doing something of which no one could complain. It was a
long case, and he had taken a careful note, and it was quite right, _so long
as counsel for the defence had no objection_ , that the Judge should put to
the defendant when giving evidence the various allegations of the witnesses
for the prosecution, in order that he might deal with them. _So long as they
were put colourlessly, no one could object._ Indeed counsel for the defence
might have thought it assisted him in his task. _There is no reason why the
Judge should not from time to time interpose such questions as seem to him
fair and proper_. _It was, however, undesirable in this case that, beginning
in the way which I have described, the Judge should proceed, without giving
much opportunity to counsel for the defence to interpose, and, long before the
time had arrived for cross-examination, to cross-examine Chatt_ [the co-
defendant of the applicant] _with some severity._ The Court agrees with the
contention that that was an unfortunate method of conducting the case. _It is
undesirable that during an examination-in-chief the Judge should appear to be
not so much assisting the defence as throwing his weight on the side of the
prosecution by cross-examining a prisoner. It is obviously undesirable that
the examination by his counsel of a witness who is himself accused should be
constantly interrupted by cross-examination from the Bench._ [emphasis added]

Significantly, in the (also) English Court of Criminal Appeal decision of _R v
Janine Gilson_ (1944) 29 Cr App R 174, Wrottesley J, prior to citing the
passage just quoted, observed (at 181) that “[w]e adhere to every word which
is to be found in [_R v Cain_]”.

136 Humphreys J also observed in the English Court of Criminal Appeal decision
of _R v Henry William Bateman_ (1946) 31 Cr App R 106 at 111:

Judges are entitled, if they form the opinion that a witness is not trying to
help the Court, to do what counsel cannot do, and say: “You behave yourself
and tell me the truth.” It is sometimes very useful to be able to say that.
Sometimes it pulls a witness together and makes him say what is the truth,
but, of course, it must not be done until the witness has given some
indication that he or she is not trying to tell the truth.

137 And in the Ontario Court of Appeal decision of _Boran v Wenger_ [1942] 2
DLR 528, Riddell JA, who delivered the judgment of the court, observed thus
(at 528–529):

[T]he trial Judge has no right to take the case into his own hands, and out of
the hands of counsel.

We do not for a moment suggest that the trial Judge has not the right – it may
often be the duty – to obtain from the witnesses evidence in addition to that
brought out by counsel – but this is adjectival, to clear up, to add to, what
counsel has brought out.

138 The following observations by Martin JA, delivering the judgment of the
court in the (also) Ontario Court of Appeal decision of _Regina v Valley_
(1986) 26 CCC (3d) 207 (“ _Valley_ ”) at 230–232, should also be noted:

A criminal trial is, in the main, an adversarial process, not an investigation
by the judge of the charge against the accused, and, accordingly, the
examination and cross-examination of witnesses are primarily the
responsibility of counsel. The judge, however, is not required to remain
silent. He may question witnesses to clear up ambiguities, explore some matter
which the answers of a witness have left vague or, indeed, he may put
questions which should have been put to bring out some relevant matter, but
which have been omitted. Generally speaking, the authorities recommend that
questions by the judge should be put after counsel has completed his
examination, and the witnesses should not be cross-examined by the judge
during their examination-in-chief. Further, I do not doubt that the judge has
a duty to intervene to clear the innocent. The judge has the duty to ensure
that the accused is afforded the right to make full answer and defence, but he
has the right and the duty to prevent the trial from being unnecessarily
protracted by questions directed to irrelevant matters. This power must be
exercised with caution so as to leave unfettered the right of an accused
through his counsel to subject any witness’s testimony to the test of cross-
examination. The judge must not improperly curtail cross-examination that is
relevant to the issues or the credibility of witnesses, but he has power to
protect a witness from harassment by questions that are repetitious or are
irrelevant to the issues in the case or to the credibility of the witness …

…

An examination of the authorities reveals that the principal types of
interventions by trial judges which have resulted in the quashing of
convictions are these:

I Questioning of an accused or his witnesses to an extent or in a manner which
conveys the impression that the judge is placing his authority on the side of
the prosecution and which conveys the impression of disbelief of the accused
or defence witnesses …

II Where the interventions have made it really impossible for counsel for the
defence to do his or her duty in presenting the defence, for example, where
the interruptions of the trial judge during cross-examination divert counsel
from the line of topic of his questions or break the sequence of questions and
answers and thereby prevent counsel from properly testing the evidence of the
witness …

III Where the interventions prevent the accused from doing himself justice or
telling his story in his own way …

IV The courts have drawn a distinction between conduct on the part of the
presiding judge, which is discourteous to counsel and indicates impatience but
which does not invite the jury to disbelieve defence witnesses, and conduct
which actively obstructs counsel in his work … The authorities have
consistently held that mere discourtesy, even gross discourtesy, to counsel
cannot by itself be a ground for quashing a conviction. Where, however, the
trial judge’s comments suggest that counsel is acting in a professionally
unethical manner for the purpose of misleading the jury, the integrity and
good faith of the defence may be denigrated and the appearance of an unfair
trial created …

Interventions by the judge creating the appearance of an unfair trial may be
of more than one type and the appearance of a fair trial may be destroyed by a
combination of different types of intervention. The ultimate question to be
answered is not whether the accused was in fact prejudiced by the
interventions but whether he might _reasonably_ consider that he had not had a
fair trial or whether a reasonably minded person who had been present
throughout the trial would consider that the accused had not had a fair trial
…

[emphasis in original]

139 Indeed, times have changed. Appropriate questions by the judge are now far
more commonplace than they used to be. However, the key word here is
“appropriate”. As the principles in the case law we have cited clearly
indicate, any conduct by the judge which would give rise to the perception
that a particular party has not had a fair opportunity to present its case or
(worse still) that the judge has in fact prejudged the case is wholly
inappropriate and ought never to be countenanced. This sentiment is also
reflected in the following observations by Jonathan Parker LJ in the English
Court of Appeal decision of _The Mayor and Burgesses of the London Borough of
Southwark v Maamefowaa Kofi-Adu_ [2006] EWCA Civ 281 at [145]–[146]:

Nowadays, of course, first instance judges rightly tend to be very much more
proactive and interventionist than their predecessors, and the above
observations (made, in the case of Lord Denning MR, almost 50 years ago, and,
in the case of Lord Greene MR, more than 60 years ago) must be read in that
context. That said, however, it remains the case that interventions by the
judge _in the course of oral evidence_ (as opposed to interventions during
counsel’s submissions) must inevitably carry the risk so graphically described
by Lord Greene MR. The greater the frequency of the interventions, the greater
the risk; and where the interventions take the form of lengthy interrogation
of the witnesses, the risk becomes a serious one.

It is, we think, important to appreciate that the risk identified by Lord
Greene MR in _Yuill v. Yuill_ does not depend on appearances, or on what an
objective observer of the process might think of it. Rather, the risk is that
the judge’s descent into the arena (to adopt Lord Greene MR’s description) may
so hamper his ability properly to evaluate and weigh the evidence before him
as to impair his judgment, and may _for that reason_ render the trial unfair.

[emphasis in original]

140 In short, and borrowing the famous words of Lord Hewart CJ in the English
Divisional Court decision of _The King v Sussex Justices_ [1924] 1 KB 256 at
259, “it is not merely of some importance but is of fundamental importance
that justice should not only be done, but should manifestly and undoubtedly be
seen to be done”.

141 One case in which justice was _not_ in fact “manifestly and undoubtedly
seen to be done” was the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region Court of
Appeal decision of _HKSAR v Tai Yue Bong_ [1998] HKCA 239; [1998] HKCU 87 (“
_Tai Yue Bong_ ”). In that case, the appellants (D1, D2 and D3) were convicted
on charges of theft after trial in the District Court. D3 appealed, _inter
alia,_ on the ground that he was not given a fair trial in view of the
interventions by the trial judge in examination-in-chief. In delivering the
judgment of the court, Stuart-Moore JA observed (at [20]) that “the
interruptions by the judge were made too frequently and sometimes
unnecessarily. On the other hand, many of the interruptions were perfectly
justified.” Citing English authorities such as _Matthews_ ([128] _supra_) and
_Jones_ ([122] _supra_), the court emphasised that each case needed to be
scrutinised closely on its own facts. Stuart Moore JA observed at [24]–[25],
as follows:

It may be that the proper course for the judge to have adopted would have been
to have awaited the outcome of the defendant’s evidence first before
clarifying ambiguities at such an early stage. _It appears to us that the
trial judge went on a fact-finding mission of her own and was not prepared to
listen to the evidence as it emerged from the answers which were being given
to defence counsel. …_

Having said that, while not for one moment wishing to give encouragement to
interruptions on this scale, many of the questions asked and interruptions
made by the judge were relevant to issues that immediately needed to be
decided. These were unobjectionable and were sensibly made during the course
of examination-in-chief to deal with points as they arose. Examples of this
kind are where leading questions were asked or where questions were asked
based upon a wrong foundation of fact.

[emphasis added]

142 On the facts of _Tai Yue Bong_ , the degree of intervention was felt to be
unnecessary given that the conduct of the defence was with “complete propriety
and efficiency” (at [23]). As an example of this, the court cited a particular
instance that demonstrated “a hostile intent to D3 whilst he was giving
evidence” (at [26]). We feel it would be of use to understand why the court
came to its conclusion by setting out the court’s citation of the following
exchange (_ibid_):

The witness D3 was giving an answer recorded as:

“I have mentioned, the conditions and the process of giving the cards to him
(D1) and afterwards I allowed him to get …”

at which point he was interrupted.

Court: _Did you see him do this?_

A.: Yes.

Court: _Did you open the drawer?_

A.: No.

Court: _Did you give him the key?_

A.: (in English) No, it’s unlocked.

Court: _Did you make a record that you gave it to him?_

A.: Yes.

Court: _Where is this record?_

A.: It was in a dealer book which you have not asked any questions about.

Court: _Well, I’ve never heard of it. Your counsel has never mentioned the
expression ‘dealer book’_.

A.: (Answer was given but not interpreted)

Court: _Sorry, the term ‘dealer book’ came from your mouth?_

A.: Yes. It was inside Mr Mak’s room.

[emphasis added]

The exchange continued in much the same vein as the aforementioned extract in
one of many passages in the examination-in-chief where “questioning appear[ed]
to have been taken over almost exclusively by the judge” (at [29]).
Accordingly, the court found that what occurred was a “material irregularity”
and did not feel that D3 had been given a fair trial or that D3 would have
felt he had received a fair trial (at [30]).

143 In the specific context of criminal cases, the following observations by
Simon Brown LJ, delivering the judgment of the court in the English Court of
Appeal decision of _R v Nelson_ [1996] EWCA Crim 707 (noted in [1997] Crim LR
234), bear noting:

No defendant has the right to demand that the judge shall conceal from the
jury such difficulties and deficiencies as are apparent in his case. Of
course, the judge must remain impartial. But if common sense and reason
demonstrate that a given defence is riddled with implausibilities,
inconsistencies and illogicalities – as plainly this appellant’s defence was –
there is no reason for the judge to withhold from the jury the benefit of his
own powers of logic and analysis.

Why should pointing out those matters be thought to smack of partiality? _To
play a case straight down the middle requires only that a judge gives full and
fair weight to the evidence and arguments of each side. The judge is not
required to top up the case for one side so as to correct any substantial
imbalance. He has no duty to cloud the merits either by obscuring the
strengths of one side or the weaknesses of the other. Impartiality means no
more and no less than that the judge shall fairly state and analyse the case
for both sides._ Justice moreover requires that he assists the jury to reach a
logical and reasoned conclusion on the evidence. Such a conclusion, one need
hardly add, is likely to be the right one.

[emphasis added]

Although the above observations were made in the context of the summing-up to
a jury, we see no reason why they ought not to be applicable, _mutatis
mutandis_ , in the local context where (unlike the jury) the trial judge is
the trier of fact.

144 It should also be observed that although discourteous and/or impatient
behaviour by the judge is undesirable and, indeed, ought to be eschewed, such
conduct does not constitute – in and of itself – grounds for impugning the
trial itself (see, for example, the English Court of Appeal decision of
_Regina v Hircock_ [1970] 1 QB 67 at 72; as well as _Valley_ ([138] _supra_)
at 232).

145 In the final analysis, however, much will depend on the _precise facts_ in
question, and the _context_ in which the interruptions occurred is crucial
(see, for example, _per_ Stock JA, delivering the judgment of the Hong Kong
Special Administrative Region Court of Appeal decision of _HKSAR v Law Chin
Man_ [2004] HKCA 135; [2004] HKCU 649 at [21]). That this is by no means an
easy task is demonstrated by, for example, the division of opinion between the
majority on the one hand and the minority on the other in the Family Court of
Australia decision of _In the Marriage of Ahmad_ (1979) 24 ALR 621. Another
instance where there was a similar division of opinion occurred in the High
Court of Australia decision of _Vakauta v Kelly_ (1989) 87 ALR 633, where the
defendant, in an action for damages for personal injuries suffered by the
plaintiff, sought to have the judgment against him set aside. As his appeal
was dismissed by the Court of Appeal of the Supreme Court of New South Wales,
he appealed to the High Court of Australia, _inter alia_ , on the ground that
the circumstances of the case were such as to give rise to an appearance of
bias on the trial judge’s part. The majority of the judges of the High Court
of Australia emphasised (at 635) that:

[A] trial judge who made necessary rulings but otherwise sat completely silent
throughout a non-jury trial with the result that his or her views about the
issues, problems and technical difficulties involved in the case remained
unknown until they emerged as final conclusions in his or her judgment would
not represent a model to be emulated.

On the other hand, there is an ill-defined line beyond which the expression by
a trial judge of preconceived views about the reliability of particular …
witnesses could threaten the appearance of impartial justice.

As such, the majority, comprising Brennan, Deane and Gaudron JJ, found that
the trial judge’s adverse comments about certain witnesses in the course of
the trial “were such as to cause ‘reasonable apprehension’ on the part of a
lay observer that the judgment was, ‘in the end’, affected by bias” (at 636).
In contrast, Dawson J adopted a different stance and opined that while the
language of the trial judge was regrettable, it did not _by itself_ indicate
that “the trial judge would not accept [the witnesses’] evidence in this case
if it did not display that tendency, or justify an apprehension that he might
not do so” (at 638). Notwithstanding his (_viz_ , the trial judge’s) views, it
should not have affected his ability to assess the evidence fairly and Dawson
J thereby found that the remarks did not indicate actual bias nor cause
members of the public to reasonably entertain an apprehension of bias.

146 We turn now to focus on a couple of extralegal speeches by two judges,
whose views we find to be both practical as well as instructive.

(B) TWO SPEECHES

147 The late Sir Robert Megarry delivered an address on 2 June 1977 at a joint
meeting of the Bars of Alberta and British Columbia. It was provocatively
entitled “Temptations of the Bench” (and was shortened and revised for
publication in (1978) 16 Alberta L Rev 406). Even in its revised form, it bore
the inimitable style of Sir Robert – a combination of wit, erudition and
practical wisdom. The relevant part of the address is extremely instructive,
and bears quotation in full (it falls, appropriately in our view, under the
heading “Temptation of the Tongue”; see _id_ at 407–409):

_Three courses are open to the judge. He may maintain silence until he gives
judgment; at the other extreme, he may talk as much as he wishes; and, in
between, he may exercise a policy of rigid but not inflexible restraint. The
first course has the high authority of the great Christopher Palles, Chief
Baron of the Exchequer in Ireland for over forty years._ When he was
appointed, he placed a notice on his desk in court where it would always be
before his eyes. It read: “A judge should keep his mouth shut and his mind
open: when he opens his mouth he shuts his mind.” _Yet is this right? The
difficulties that it makes for counsel are great. If counsel were to speak his
thoughts aloud, he might say: “I wonder if the judge has really got my point.
I have already put it twice, in two different ways, and yet there is not a
flicker of his eyelids to show whether he understands it. The only safe thing
is to go round the course once or twice more, varying my language, in the hope
of getting some indication whether I have struck oil yet.” Complete judicial
silence inevitably lengthens the argument. Counsel cannot take chances, and so
he must try, try and try again. He may be pushing at an open door, or at a
door that is barred and bolted: either way the repeated argument is time-
wasting and, for that matter, boring. Only if the door is ajar is the time
well spent. Total silence from the Bench conceals the state of the door.
Another peril of complete silence is that the judge may, even after
repetition, misunderstand some argument and decide the case without ever
having really appreciated what counsel is contending. For myself, I would,
with great respect, refrain from following Palles C.B. on the point._

_I would also reject the other extreme, that of indulging in unrestrained
intervention. One of the vices of this indulgence is that, like complete
silence, it lengthens everything. It also has the more grave defect of tending
to deprive the litigant (and his counsel) of having his own case conducted his
own way. It cannot be right for there to be silent battles of will between
counsel and the judge about who will ask the witness the next question, or
which of the various heads of argument is to be discussed, and so on._

…

_With complete silence and unbridled speech both rejected, there remains the
middle course of a rigid but not inflexible self-restraint. The judge should
talk enough to let counsel see how his mind is moving. If he cannot follow a
point that counsel is trying to make, he should say so. If instead he thinks
that he can follow it, he should put it to counsel in his own language so that
he can find out whether he has understood it correctly_. If the judge says:
“As I see it, Mr. Jones, what you are saying is so-and-so”, counsel, if he is
any good, may say: “Yes, my Lord, that is just how I would put it.” Of course,
if counsel is a seasoned advocate, he will say: “Your Lordship has put the
point far better than I could have hoped to have put it”, and then gently make
minor adjustments as he continues with his speech. On the other hand, if the
judge has got it completely wrong, counsel will say: “My Lord, I would put it
a little differently”, and then, the decencies observed, the judge will know
that he must try again. Only when this process has been carried to its end can
the judge feel confident that what he has recorded in his notebook truly
represents what counsel wants to convey.

_Transcending these exchanges between Bench and Bar there must be a judicial
self-restraint which never lets the judge take over the conduct of the case
from counsel, and never takes counsel out of his course. If counsel is engaged
in arguing Point A, then however much the judge may explore and test that
point, he must restrain his curiosity about Points B, C and D; in due time
they will be presented, and it is then that they can be examined by the judge.
So too with witnesses. There may be many questions that the judge wishes to
ask, but he cannot know whether, or when, or in what order, counsel will ask
them, or whether counsel is deliberately delaying the exploration of some
aspect of the topic for some very good reason. If the judge waits until
counsel is turning to a different topic, the judge can usually ask his
questions without unduly disturbing counsel’s presentation of the case,
whereas an intervention in mid-topic ay unfairly disrupt counsel’s plan of
presentation. Of course, I am speaking of substantive questions, and not about
questions concerned only with audibility or intelligibility or the like. The
judge should not deny himself his question periods, but he should not let them
interfere with counsel in running his own case his own way. The judge should
tread the path that counsel is hewing out, and not try to hew out a different
path of his own._

[emphasis added]

148 We would respectfully agree that the “middle course” proposed by Sir
Robert is, having regard to the principles set out in the case law above, the
appropriate approach to adopt.

149 We turn now to a second speech, delivered a dozen years later. It was
delivered by Mr Justice Lightman to the London Solicitors’ Litigation
Association on 9 November 1999. It also had a provocative title – “The Case
for Judicial Intervention”. Although a copy of the speech may be found  
online (at <http://www.judiciary.gov.uk/publications_media/speeches/pre_2004/  
09111999.htm> (accessed 22 September 2008)), it was also published in (1999)
149 NLJ 1819.

150 Lightman J’s speech deals with civil trials. In so far as judicial
questioning of advocates and witnesses are concerned, he observes thus (at
1835):

**_The old practice was (and even today the continuing practice before a few
judges is) to let the advocate get on with it at his own speed with scarcely
any judicial interruption by questioning. I (and many other advocates) at the
time found this judicial reticence unhelpful as it was totally uninformative,
leaving the advocate at sea as to the areas where his submissions would be of
assistance and where they would not._**

**_It is today in my view incumbent on the judge in fairness to interrupt to
raise any concerns which he has, so as to give the advocates the opportunity
to allay them before he gives his decision. It is surely scant justice to
decide a case on a ground which the judge has given no indication to be
troubling him._** Complaint is sometimes made about questioning. In one case
before me, a complaint was made by counsel that I kept asking _him_ difficult
questions, but I did not ask such difficult questions of his opponent. His
client apparently took the view that this was indicative of bias. The reason
for this difference in treatment of the parties’ submissions lay in the
character of the submissions: one party’s submissions were highly questionable
whilst the other’s were not.**_Questioning (rather than silence) is the
hallmark of a fair hearing – questions are a plea for assistance in
clarifying, understanding and enabling acceptance of submissions. They are a
challenge to the advocate – to a good advocate they afford the opportunity to
make good the vulnerable areas in his case. A judge may appear fierce when he
is really only hungry for assistance. The trained advocate recognises the
symptoms and sets out to feed and satisfy him._**

Judicial intervention today gives the judge more scope than previously to ask
questions of witnesses. The judge will have read the witness statement before
the witness is called (and often all the witness statements) and he may know
to what questions he needs the answer. **_He does not need to wait to see if
the question is asked and then what answer is given, and he need not accept
the sufficiency of an answer just because the advocate does. But this is an
area where (paying respect to the principles) the judge must be particularly
cautious. His questioning out of turn may frustrate a planned cross-
examination, and if he asks (as he is entitled to) leading questions,
(questions suggesting their own answer), the witness may psychologically find
it difficult to resist the perceived judicial pressure to give that answer_**.

[emphasis added in bold italics]

151 In this regard, the following observations by Kirby ACJ in the New South
Wales Court of Appeal decision of _Galea v Galea_ (1990) 19 NSWLR 263 (“
_Galea_ ”) (at 282) may also be usefully noted:

In part, it [the fact that it has become more common for judges to take an
active part in the conduct of cases compared to what was the practice in the
past] arises from a growing appreciation that a silent judge may sometimes
occasion an injustice by failing to reveal opinions which the party affected
then has no opportunity to correct or modify.

And, in the same case, Meagher JA observed thus (at 283):

Where, as in the present case, a judge is confronted by a witness who is both
deceitful and evasive, there is no principle that he is not at liberty to
express his measured displeasure at being trifled with. There is no principle
that he must endure the ordeal with ladylike serenity. … More than that, a
timely intervention serves the interest of the party leading such evidence, as
it provides him with a chance to mend the damage already inflicted.

152 Lightman J also sets out his “provisional views” on the topic as follows
([149] _supra_ at 1835–1836):

Complaint is likewise sometimes made that the interventionist judge by his
interventions (for example, by his leading questions to the advocate) can make
plain his view before he has heard the full argument or case. The charge made
is that by so doing, the judge is showing himself partisan or is wrongfully
prejudging the issue before him. _In my view, so long as the judge has
carefully read the skeletons, listens to the answers to his question and keeps
his view provisional until he has heard the answer and heard any relevant
evidence, there is no substance in the complaint._ It is the very function of
the skeleton to inform the judge of the issues and assist him to reach the
answers; that he can and does form a provisional view after reading the
skeleton argument is neither surprising nor objectionable. _I cannot see any
contravention of the principles or any other objection to expression of a
provisional view. The open mind required of the judge is that with which he
begins his pre-reading. It is surely inevitable that in many cases pre-reading
will cause an experienced judge to form provisional views of varying firmness.
The judge’s provisional views may change or vary in strength as the case
proceeds. I see no advantage on any embargo on disclosure of what plainly and
quite properly exists in his mind. So long as the judge’s mind remains open
and is seen to remain open, I can see no objection in principle to forming or
disclosing that view. Indeed on occasion disclosure can be of great
assistance:_

?_it can tell the advocate the issues on which the judge needs persuading;_

?_it can afford the parties some guidance on the wisdom of continuing claims
or defences (and accordingly incurring further costs);_

_?it can operate to encourage the parties to settle or go to mediation (one of
the stated objectives of judicial case management)_.

An example of the occasion when the expression of a provisional view can prove
particularly helpful is when the judge is concerned (for example, having seen
a party in the witness box) that he may in his judgment have to make some
damning finding (for example, as to his honesty or integrity). He may (as it
seems to me) in the proper case legitimately draw the attention of the parties
to this risk and so encourage a resolution of the dispute which precludes any
such finding in his judgment and the public shaming of that party. In short
the expression of a provisional view is likewise entirely in accord with the
principles.

_The judge must of course be sensitive in two respects: that the view is not
expressed before he is really able (and seen to be able) fairly to reach such
a provisional conclusion; and that after such expression it will remain (and
be seen to remain) provisional until the party affected has had a proper
opportunity to displace it._

[emphasis added]

153 Lightman J also speaks of the _advocate’s_ role as follows (at 1836):

The advocate must have the resources to deal with the judicial intervention –
the confidence not to be overawed, the resilience to respond, the tenacity to
challenge, the tact to mollify, the authority to inform and persuade. This
requires having the facts at the advocate’s fingertips and the legal
principles in mind and relevant passages in authorities and textbooks at hand
– a far greater knowledge of all these is now required than was the position
when the judge remained recumbent throughout the proceedings. The premium
today is upon flexibility – to deal with issues raised, not as the advocate
may have planned, but as they are raised by the judge. I cannot over-emphasise
the importance of gaining the judge’s trust and confidence in the advocate’s
preparation and accordingly the solidity of his submissions and answers to
questions asked of him.

Finally, the learned judge concludes his speech thus (_ibid_):

The trial judge until the 1970s was generally tame and on a tight lead. He may
now be found barking – on occasion perhaps biting at the ankles of advocates.
The aim of the judge is by judicial intervention to promote justice by saving
time and costs and concentrating on essential issues without any sacrifice of
the principles. Not every intervention is of this character or achieves this
goal and not everyone has adapted to this change or approves of it. But my
understanding is that the appreciation of its value is growing and that the
aim of judicial intervention is to considerable degree being achieved.

Again, we would respectfully endorse the views expressed by Lightman J in his
speech as set out above.

154 In point of fact, the adversary system is not a perfect one (see, for
example, Sir Richard Eggleston, “What is Wrong with the Adversary System?”
(1975) 49 ALJ 428). However, no system is perfect. The adversary system has
served us well. And it will continue to serve us well only if its fundamental
concepts as well as workings are not undermined. In this respect, undue
judicial interference will, in fact, result in such undermining. Hence, it
must be assiduously avoided. In this regard, it is significant, in our view,
that even those who are (even vigorously) of the view that the operation of
the adversary system often impedes what it is intended to achieve, _viz_ , the
attainment of the truth (but _cf_ writers, such as Prof Freedman, who also
point (in the US context) to the aim of realising the dignity of the
individual (see, for example, Monroe H Freedman, “Judge Frankel’s Search for
Truth” (1975) 123 U Pa L Rev 1060, especially at 1063 (which is a response to
Judge Frankel’s article cited next); see also generally Monroe H Freedman &
Abbe Smith, _Understanding Lawyers’ Ethics_ (LexisNexis, 3rd Ed, 2004) at ch
2), do _not_ advocate judicial intervention as a solution. For example, Judge
Marvin E Frankel observed thus (see “The Search for Truth: An Umpireal View”
(1975) 123 U Pa L Rev 1031 at 1042 (see also generally, _id_ at 1041–1045)):

The fact is that our system does not allow much room for effective or just
intervention by the trial judge in the adversary fight about the facts. The
judge views the case from a peak of Olympian ignorance. His intrusions will in
too many cases result from partial or skewed insights. He may expose the
secrets one side chooses to keep while never becoming aware of the other’s. He
runs a good chance of pursuing inspirations that better informed counsel have
considered, explored, and abandoned after fuller study. He risks at a minimum
the supplying of more confusion than guidance by his sporadic intrusions.

The learned author later proceeds to observe thus (at 1045):

[T]he trial judge as a participant is likely to impair the adversary process
as frequently as he improves it. What is more vital to my thesis is that the
critical flaw of the system, the low place it assigns to truth-telling and
truth-finding, is not cured to any perceptible degree by such participation.

(4) The local case law

155 It is clear that the seminal statements of principle by Denning LJ in
_Jones_ (above at [123]) have been clearly and unambiguously been adopted by
the local courts.

156 Whilst the actual decision in _Jones_ ([122] _supra_) was not cited in the
Singapore High Court decision of _Wong Kok Chin v Singapore Society of
Accountants_ [1989] SLR 1129 (“ _Wong Kok Chin_ ”), the following observations
by Yong Pung How J are wholly consistent with the statements of principle in
_Jones_ ; the learned judge observed thus (at 1151–1152, [54]–[55]) with
regard to the duties of a disciplinary tribunal (which would, _mutatis
mutandis_ , apply equally to courts of law):

Domestic tribunals such as this, which derive their authority from parliament,
usually have a wide discretion to carry out inquiries in accordance with their
own rules of procedure. _At every stage, however, they must observe what are
commonly regarded as rules of natural justice_. An offender brought before a
tribunal must not only be given a hearing, but he must also be given a fair
hearing, so that it can be said, to adopt a much used quotation, that justice
has not only been done, but can be seen to have been done: _R v Sussex
Justices, ex p McCarthy_ [1924] 1 KB 256. _In our system of justice the
process is adversarial and not inquisitorial. This necessarily means, in the
case of a disciplinary committee of a professional body, that it must approach
the issues before it with an open mind, it must also listen to the evidence
for and against the offender, and to what he may have to say in his defence;
and it must then make up its mind whether, on all the evidence before it, the
offender has been proved to be guilty of the offence. In hearing evidence, a
disciplinary committee may seek clarification on points in the evidence which
are not clear, but in doing so it must at all times avoid descending into the
arena, and joining in the fray. In the last instance, it is there to judge as
best it can; it is not there to supplement the prosecution. It must remember
that, in conferring statutory authority on it, Parliament intended that it
will act fairly_ ; if it does not do so, it will be acting ultra vires.

… [I]n my opinion, the manner in which the proceedings were carried on in this
case fell far short of the standard of fairness which would be required to
satisfy the rules of natural justice. _In particular, an inescapable
impression is formed from perusing the transcript that, in trying to discharge
its responsibilities effectively, the committee went well beyond its authority
to carry out a ‘due inquiry’ under the Act, until the inquiry became an
inquisition of its own, aimed at securing evidence to justify a finding of
guilt._ The society was represented before the committee by an experienced and
competent counsel, but the committee appeared from the transcript at several
stages of the proceedings to have been _so carried away by its
misinterpretation of its own role that it was actually conducting the
proceedings on its own._ [emphasis added]

157 In this case, Yong J noted that in so far as one witness (who was _not_ a
major witness) was concerned, whilst the examination-in-chief of the witness
covered over four pages of the transcript and his cross-examination two pages,
his questioning by the Committee itself extended to 11 pages (see at 1152,
[56]). The learned judge proceeded to note, further, as follows (_ibid_):

The appellant’s examination-in-chief, with frequent interruptions by the
committee, covered 23 pages; his cross-examination, after about 15 pages of
interruptions by the committee, was taken over by the committee itself, which
then questioned him for a relentless 30 pages before the committee decided to
recall [another witness] for an equally harrowing experience. By that time,
the committee had apparently parted company with its proper role.

158 In the circumstances, Yong J was of the view that “the manner in which the
committee went about its inquiry was clearly against the rules of natural
justice and therefore ultra vires, and on this ground alone any finding and
sentence by it would have been void” (at 1153, [58]).

159 In the decision of this court in _Yap Chwee Khim v American Home Assurance
Co_ [2001] 2 SLR 421 (“ _Yap Chwee Khim_ ”), L P Thean JA, who delivered the
grounds of decision of the court, observed thus (at [25]):

In considering this complaint of Mr Pereira [counsel for the plaintiff, who
complained that the trial judge was wrong in making a finding on an issue
which was not raised by the parties], we should mention that a trial judge has
very wide power under s 167 of the Evidence Act (Cap 97, 1997 Ed) to ask
questions of any witness who is before him. Section 167 provides as follows:

(1) The Judge may, in order to discover or to obtain proper proof of relevant
facts, ask any question he pleases, in any form at any time, of any witness or
of the parties, about any fact relevant or irrelevant; and may order the
production of any document or thing; and neither the parties nor their agents
shall be entitled to make any objection to any such question or order, nor,
without the leave of the court, to cross-examine any witness upon any answer
given in reply to any such question.

(2) The judgment must be based upon facts declared by this Act to be relevant
and duly proved.

(3) This section shall not authorise any Judge to compel any witness to answer
any question or to produce any document which such witness would be entitled
to refuse to answer or produce under sections 123 to 133 if the question were
asked or the document were called for by the adverse party; nor shall the
Judge ask any question which it would be improper for any other person to ask
under section 150 or 151; nor shall he dispense with the primary evidence of
any document, except in the cases excepted in this Act.

_However, such wide power must be exercised with caution and within well-
recognised limits with judicial calm and detachment and without usurping or
assuming the functions of counsel. Case law has shown that, while a trial
judge has the power to ask questions of witnesses at any stage of the hearing,
an excessive exercise of such power may, and indeed would, operate unfairly
against the witnesses and litigants._ A general statement on the role a judge
should play in this regard is to be found in the judgment of Denning LJ in the
case of _Jones v National Coal Board_ [1957] 2 QB 55 at 63 …

_…_

In that case, the English Court of Appeal ordered a new trial on the ground
that the judge at first instance had excessively interrupted counsel’s cross-
examination and at times, to a substantial extent, had conducted the
examination of the witnesses himself. It was held that he had hindered the
fair conduct of the trial, and had effectively taken cross-examination of the
witnesses out of the hands of counsel.

[emphasis added]

160 In the Singapore High Court decision of _Re Shankar Alan_ _s/o Anant
Kulkarni_ [2007] 1 SLR 85 (“ _Re Shankar Alan_ ”), the court considered both
the present doctrine as well as the doctrine of apparent bias. The court
applied both doctrines to the facts before it. Sundaresh Menon JC, applying
the doctrine of apparent bias and finding that it applied on the facts,
granted the application for the quashing order. It was therefore unnecessary
for the learned judge to consider the doctrine proscribing judicial
interference (which is, of course, the doctrine that was at issue in this
particular appeal), However, Menon JC proceeded to consider and apply this
doctrine as well, finding that the tribunal concerned had, on the facts, also
“failed to discharge its judicial function because it assumed an inquisitorial
role at a certain point by descending into the arena in such a manner that
impaired its judgment and its ability to fairly evaluate and weigh the
evidence and the case as a whole” (at [124]) and that this, too, afforded an
alternative ground to quash the tribunal’s findings and determination. The
learned judge considered this particular doctrine under the heading (at 124,
before [105]) entitled “[t]he prohibition against assuming an inquisitorial
role” (indeed, he also referred (at [107]) to this particular doctrine as one
that “is borne out of the fact that our system of justice is founded on an
adversarial model rather than an inquisitorial model”). He then proceeded to
refer to (and, indeed, cited _in extenso_ from) the judgment of Denning LJ in
_Jones_ (see [123] above). More significantly, Menon JC referred to this
judgment not only as “the starting point” but also as “one containing perhaps
the most eloquent articulation of the principle [proscribing judicial
interference]” (at [108]). We could not agree more with this high praise.

161 The learned judge also referred (at [110] and [112], respectively) to the
decision of this court in _Yap Chwee Khim_ as well as that of the Singapore
High Court in _Wong Kok Chin_ ([156] _supra_). However, he did sound the need
for appropriate balance, particularly in the light of litigation in a
practical and modern context, as follows (at [114]):

I agree that the principle recognised in _Jones_ and upheld in _Yap Chwee
Khim_ must be applied with due consideration for the fact that in the modern
era of complex and often document-intensive litigation, it is not uncommon for
judges to take an active part in case management or to intervene as often as
they feel they need to in order to understand the issues and the evidence.
Equally, I accept (and indeed my personal approach to conducting hearings
reflects this view) that counsel are often assisted by the court revealing its
concerns, its provisional views and its reservations so that the parties have
every opportunity to seek to correct or modify them or to persuade the court
to come to a different view. In my view, giving counsel the opportunity to
peek within the judicial mind considering the case can be a great advantage to
counsel and the parties.

The learned judge proceeded to observe thus (at [115]):

However, this is not the mischief. The real problem arises when the judge
takes up a position and then pursues it with the passion of the advocate and
in the process slips “into the perils of self-persuasion” (_per_ Sir Robert
[Megarry] “ _Temptations of the Bench_ ” (1978) 16 Alta L Rev 406 at 409 cited
in _Galea_ [[149] _supra_] at 281). When that happens, he has entered the
arena and it is a position ill-suited to the dispensation of dispassionate
justice.

162 However, the learned judge was also at pains to emphasise that the inquiry
was, in the final analysis, dependent very much on the precise facts in
question (see at [121]):

I would accept that the question in every case of this nature is what is the
impression the court is left with after considering all the evidence and the
circumstances. There can be no inflexible rules and every case will depend on
its facts. A tribunal that questions an expert at some length in an effort to
come to grips with a difficult technical issue might leave a quite different
impression than one that questions a witness of fact on a vital but simple
point in an effort to secure a concession.

163 The principles set out in _Re Shankar Alan_ were, in fact, cited and
applied in the recent Singapore High Court decision of _Ng Chee Tiong Tony_ _v
PP_ [2008] 1 SLR 900. Indeed, in the latter case, the learned judge stated (at
[21]) that he “[agreed] entirely with the exposition of the law by Menon JC in
_Shankar Alan_ ”. Applying the law to the facts before him, he allowed the
appeal by the accused against the decision of the trial judge (in _PP v Ng
Chee Tiong Tony_ [2007] SGMC 13) on the basis that the trial judge “had gone
way beyond what would qualify as clarifications” (at [22]). As the learned
judge observed (_ibid_):

In my view, while it is entirely proper for a trial judge to ask questions to
clarify an unclear answer, or even to establish a crucial point (which I
should add must be done with circumspection and in a neutral manner), what was
done in the present case went past that. It is the duty of the Prosecution to
bring out the evidence to prove its case; it is not the judge’s duty to do so,
and certainly not to take over the cross-examination to make up for any
shortfall in the conduct of the case by the prosecutor. And it is certainly
not for a trial judge to test the credibility of a witness by sustained
questioning. Quite apart from the problem of giving a perception of bias to a
reasonable observer, it is well known that witnesses often respond differently
to a judge as compared with cross-examining counsel.

164 However, it is important to also reiterate the need (especially in the
modern-day context) to bear in mind that the doctrine proscribing judicial
interference is one that ought to be invoked _only in the most egregious
cases_. Indeed, as already mentioned, the doctrine ought not – and cannot –
become a stock argument that is invoked by parties as a matter of course and,
indeed, would be frowned upon (and perhaps visited by appropriate measures) by
the court where there has been a clear abuse of process.

165 The most recent pronouncement on this issue is to be found in this court’s
decision in _Hum Weng Fong v Koh Siang Hong_ [2008] 3 SLR 1137. In this case,
which involved liability for a road accident, Chao Hick Tin JA, who delivered
the judgment of the court, observed thus (at [29]–[33]):

29 Before we conclude, we would like to allude briefly to a matter raised in
the appellant’s case that the Judge had intervened excessively during the
trial. It was suggested that the Judge had entered into the arena. _Under s
167 of the Evidence Act (Cap 97, 1997 Rev Ed), a judge is entitled to ask any
question of any witness in any form and at any time. While the power given to
the judge under this section is very wide, he should nevertheless not enter
the fray and assume the role of counsel. It should always be borne in mind
that ours is an adversarial system. The object of a judge in asking questions
of witnesses should only be to clarify and not to conduct an investigation or
advance any particular viewpoint_. In _Yap Chwee Khim_ [[159] _supra_], this
court said at [25]:

[S]uch wide power must be exercised with caution and within well-recognised
limits with judicial calm and detachment and without usurping or assuming the
functions of counsel. Case law has shown that, while a trial judge has the
power to ask questions of witnesses at any stage of the hearing, an excessive
exercise of such power may, and indeed would, operate unfairly against the
witnesses and litigants.

30 In this connection, it may be appropriate for us to quote a passage of
Denning LJ in _Jones_ [[122] _supra_] at 63–64, which passage was approved in
_Yap Chwee Khim_ [and see above at [123]] …

31 _Admittedly, it is often difficult to define at which point a judge has
crossed the line. This is all the more so in modern litigation involving
voluminous documents. The judge may need to intervene more frequently in order
to understand the issues and the evidence. Such a situation should be borne in
mind when a question arises as to whether the judge has entered into the
arena_ (see _Re Shankar Alan s/o Anant Kulkarni_ [2007] 1 SLR 85 at [114]).
_Ultimately it is a judgment call for the appellate tribunal, having examined
the entire trial record_.

32 In the present case, it is true that the Judge had asked many questions of
the appellant when the latter was on the stand. But looking at them in their
totality, we were inclined to think that the Judge was essentially seeking to
clarify the evidence and establish the truth. It must be borne in mind that we
are here dealing with a fatal accident. The other party to the accident could
no longer come forward to testify and the only evidence was that of the
defendant appellant. It was thus critical that the evidence of the defendant
should be clearly established. However, in order to avoid any such allegations
arising, it may be prudent for a trial judge to remind himself or herself that
his or her role is only to ask questions to clarify and not to advance a cause
that might result in his objectivity being assailed. Some cases have sought to
lay down general guidelines for the assistance of judges, _eg_ , _Galea v
Galea_ (1990) 19 NSWLR 263 at 281-282, which are no doubt useful.

33 At the end of the day, we are confident that if a judge is conscious enough
to remind himself that he should not enter the arena, such allegations of
excessive intervention will most unlikely arise.

[emphasis added]

166 The above observations emphasise, once again, the need to scrutinise the
entire case concerned in _its context_ _and_ that _a holistic view must be
adopted_. They also acknowledge the practical reality to the effect that it is
not always easy for the appellate court to ascertain whether the trial judge
has in fact descended into the arena.

167 There are three other cases which we should mention. The first is the
decision of the Singapore Court of Criminal Appeal in _Roseli bin Amat v PP_
[1989] SLR 55 (“ _Roseli bin Amat_ ”). In this case, although no reference was
made to the principles enunciated in _Jones_ (see above at [123]), it was
clear that the court was, in _substance_ , applying them. The accused
complained of interventions by the trial judge which the appellate court
grouped into three rough categories (_viz_ , (a) excessive interruptions in
the examination and cross-examination of witnesses by counsel; (b) unfair and
improper cross-examination of the accused by the trial judge in a hostile
manner (including disallowing the accused to give evidence in their own way);
and (c) the making of adverse comments or observations by the trial judge
which strongly indicated that he had closed his mind and had predetermined the
guilt of the accused prior to considering all the evidence before him).

168 In so far as the _first_ category of interventions was concerned, the
court found (at 58, [10]) that there were, in fact, “[a] considerable number
of … instances [of interruptions by the trial judge which] … arose out of
counsel delving on minuscule points, points of dubious relevance or points
which had been covered by the questions asked by other counsel preceding”. It
held that the trial judge’s interruptions in this regard were “wholly
justified” (_ibid_). Whilst the number of interruptions were numerous and
ought, on some occasions at least, not to have been made, the court
nevertheless noted that the trial was a fairly long one. Hence, in the words
of L P Thean J, who delivered the judgment of the court (at 59, [10]):

On the whole, though we do not agree with or condone some of the interruptions
of the learned judge, we are unable to accept the contention that the
interventions by the learned judge, though numerous, had hampered counsel in
examining or cross-examining the witnesses and rendered it impossible for them
to present fairly the case for the defence.

169 In so far as the _second_ category of interventions was concerned, the
court held that (at 59, [11]):

[I]n quite a number of occasions the learned judge was entitled to ask the
questions which he asked. Some of the questions were asked with a view to
seeking clarification and some were asked in order to follow up the questions
previously asked by the prosecution or the defence. It is true that there were
questions which, in our view, he should refrain from asking, but here again we
do not think these questions alone are sufficient to warrant a condemnation of
this trial as unfair or a mistrial.

170 Turning to the _third_ category of interventions (or, rather alleged
adverse comments or observations by the trial judge), the court held (at 59,
[12]) that although “a fair number of these observations or comments are truly
innocuous … there are some which cause us some concern”. It then proceeded to
examine parts of the transcript in detail, and arrived at the conclusion (at
63, [20]) that, in the light of certain observations made by the trial judge:

[I]t is doubtful whether the learned judge had fairly evaluated the evidence
of the complainant and the [accused]. [These observations] point very strongly
to the unhappy fact that the learned judge did not keep an open mind
throughout the trial and examine and weigh carefully the evidence of the
complainant and that of the [accused].

171 Thean J also observed and came to the following conclusion thus (at 63–64,
[22]–[23]):

It is true that the learned judge said that at the end of the case he
scrutinized again the evidence adduced by the prosecution and that of the
[accused]. However, he ought not to have come to any definite conclusion,
which he appeared to have done, on the credibility of the complainant – and
that was purely on her own evidence – and on other matters which we have
discussed until he had heard all the evidence adduced by the prosecution and
evidence adduced by the defence. Only then would he be in a position to assess
or evaluate fairly the evidence before him and make findings of facts and
finally arrive at a conclusion.

… This is far from being a case of a couple of isolated imprudent remarks made
injudiciously by a trial judge in unguarded moments in the course of a long
trial – such incidents we can well appreciate and understand. The instant case
unfortunately is much more than that. The passages of the transcript which we
have reviewed and in which are found definite views and findings of the
learned judge on material issues – some of them at an early stage of the trial
– are far too compelling: they indicate starkly that the learned judge had
predetermined these material issues adversely against the [accused] long
before they had fully presented their case. With great reluctance, we have
reached the unavoidable conclusion that the convictions should not be allowed
to stand. Accordingly, we allow the appeal and quash the convictions and the
sentences. We have considered whether we should now order a new trial. In our
judgment, having regard to the long lapse of time since the alleged offence
and the fact that the [accused] have by now served a term of imprisonment of
over three years it would be unfair to subject them again to a long trial on
the same charges. We therefore do not propose to make such an order.

172 It should be noted that the court in _Roseli bin Amat_ allowed the appeal,
not on the basis of the first two categories of interventions but, rather, the
third. Significantly, perhaps, there was no allegation, in the context of the
present appeal, with respect to this third category.

173 In the Malaysian Federal Court decision of _Tan Kheng Ann v The Public
Prosecutor_ [1965] 2 MLJ 108, there was an allegation of judicial interference
when “on a number of occasions in the course of the trial the judge saw fit to
interrupt counsel in the course of examination or cross-examination of
witnesses and interposed questions and observations of his own” (at 117). The
argument was rejected. Thomson LP, who delivered the judgment of the court,
observed thus (_ibid_):

We have examined the transcript with care and are satisfied that the judge’s
conduct, of which complaint has been made, has nothing, in any way in common
with what took place in the cases mentioned. What happened here was that there
were eight different defending counsel; there was a great deal of overlapping
in their cross-examination of witnesses; and in the heat of battle, so to
speak, they occasionally overlooked the very real difficulties which arise
from cross- examination in the English language through an interpreter of a
witness who is giving evidence in one of the Chinese languages. This is a
perennial source of difficulty and the great majority of the judge’s
interventions can be traced to his anxiety to assist in removing the
difficulties of the sort which frequently arise in this regard, particularly
when “double questions” are asked. _These interventions, moreover, were not
unduly numerous having regard to the length of the trial nor were they by any
means confined to defending counsel; on a number of occasions prosecuting
counsel was also interrupted._ In all the circumstances we can see nothing in
all this that could have affected in any way the question of the fairness of
the appellants’ trial. [emphasis added]

174 Finally, brief reference may be made to the Malaysian Supreme Court
decision of _Teng Boon How v Pendakwa Raya_ [1993] 3 MLJ 553 (a case relating
to an appeal against a conviction and sentence of death for drug trafficking).
The court in that case cited many of the English decisions mentioned above (in
particular, _Jones_ ([122] _supra_)), and arrived at the conclusion that, on
the evidence before it, the trial judge did, in fact, “descend into the arena
and did allow his judgment of the facts to be clouded by the results of his
cross-examination of the [accused as well as other witnesses], though we do
not doubt that he was actuated by the best of motives” (at 564). Not
surprisingly, the court was of the view that a miscarriage of justice might
well have occurred and, accordingly, quashed the conviction and acquitted as
well as discharged the accused.

(5) A summary

175 It is appropriate, in our view, to summarise the applicable principles
that can be drawn from the various authorities and views considered above, as
follows (bearing in mind, however, that, in the final analysis, each case must
necessarily turn on its precise factual matrix (see also above at [162])):

(a) The system the courts are governed by under the common law is an
adversarial (as opposed to an inquisitorial) one and, accordingly, the
examination and cross-examination of witnesses are primarily the
responsibility of counsel.

(b) It follows that the judge must be careful _not_ to descend (and/or be
perceived as having descended) into the arena, thereby clouding his or her
vision and compromising his or her impartiality as well as impeding the fair
conduct of the trial by counsel and unsettling the witness concerned.

(c) However, the judge is not obliged to remain silent, and can ask witnesses
or counsel questions if (_inter alia_):

(i) it is necessary to clarify a point or issue that has been overlooked or
has been left obscure, or to raise an important issue that has been overlooked
by counsel; this is particularly important in criminal cases where the point
or issue relates to the right of the accused to fully present his or her
defence in relation to the charges concerned;

(ii) it enables him or her to follow the points made by counsel;

(iii) it is necessary to exclude irrelevancies and/or discourage repetition
and/or prevent undue evasion and/or obduracy by the witness concerned (or even
by counsel);

(iv) it serves to assist counsel and their clients to be cognisant of what is
troubling the judge, provided it is clear that the judge is keeping an open
mind and has not prejudged the outcome of the particular issue or issues (and,
_a fortiori_ , the result of the case itself).

The judge, preferably, should not engage in sustained questioning until
counsel has completed his questioning of the witness on the issues concerned.
Further, any intervention by the judge during the _cross-examination_ of a
witness should _generally_ be _minimal_. In particular, any intervention by
the judge should not convey an impression that the judge is predisposed
towards a particular outcome in the matter concerned (and _cf_ some examples
of interventions which are unacceptable which were referred to in _Valley_
(see [138] above)).

(d) What is crucial is not only the quantity but also the qualitative impact
of the judge’s questions or interventions. The ultimate question for the court
is whether or not there has been the possibility of a denial of justice to a
particular party (and, correspondingly, the possibility that the other party
has been unfairly favoured). In this regard, we gratefully adopt the following
observations by Martin JA in _Valley_ (reproduced above at [138]):

Interventions by the judge creating the appearance of an unfair trial may be
of more than one type and the appearance of a fair trial may be destroyed by a
combination of different types of intervention. The ultimate question to be
answered is not whether the accused was in fact prejudiced by the
interventions but whether he might _reasonably_ consider that he had not had a
fair trial **_or_** whether a reasonably minded person who had been present
throughout the trial would consider that the accused had not had a fair trial
…

[emphasis added in bold italics]

(e) Mere discourtesy by the judge is insufficient to constitute excessive
judicial interference, although any kind of discourtesy by the judge is to be
eschewed.

(f) Each case is both _fact-specific as well as context-specific_ , and no
blanket (let alone inflexible) rule or set of rules can be laid down.

(g) The court will only find that there has been excessive judicial
interference if the situation is an _egregious_ one. Such cases will
necessarily be _rare._ It bears reiterating what we stated earlier in this
judgment (at [125] above):

[T]he argument from judicial interference cannot – and must not – become an
avenue (still less, a standard avenue) for unsuccessful litigants to attempt
to impugn the decision of the judge concerned. This would be a flagrant abuse
of process and will not be tolerated by this court. Parties and their counsel
should only invoke such an argument where it is clearly warranted on the facts
…

176 We turn now to apply the above principles to the facts of the present
appeal.

(6) Our decision

(A) INTRODUCTION

177 Bearing the above principles in mind, we turn to the alleged judicial
interventions which were the subject of this particular ground of appeal.

178 Mr Bajwa cited extracts from the transcript of the notes of evidence in
support of his argument that there had been excessive judicial interference by
the Judge. We examined each one of these extracts closely. More importantly,
we not only analysed the actual language used by the Judge but also the
_context_ in which the pronouncements by the Judge was made in each instance.
As we have already emphasised more than once, the allegation of judicial
interference is a serious one and will succeed only in the most egregious
circumstances.

179 It is also important, at this juncture, to note that, with the candour
which we expect of all counsel, Mr Bajwa admitted that the Judge had also
assisted the appellant in the conduct of his case as well.

180 Mr Bajwa pointed us, in fact, to portions from pp 201, 205, 208–210, 227,
228, 240, 244–246 and 264–265 of the notes of evidence (“NE”), as constituting
instances of alleged judicial interference. We now set out each of them. As it
is also important to consider each of the relevant portions _in their context_
, we have, first, cited extended extracts of the NE (rendering all portions
relied upon by Mr Bajwa in _bold font_ within these portions themselves).
Second, we have rendered in these (extended) extracts, in _bold and italicised
font_ , what is, in our view, especially helpful to our analysis.

(B) THE EXTRACTS

181 The relevant portions of the NE referred to in the preceding paragraph
(including the extracts cited by Mr Bajwa as well as those emphasised
especially by us) are as follows:

**Extract 1 (at p 201 of the NE):**

Court: ---you can’t say for sure that death was caused by drowning?

Witness: No, objectively, I cannot say that, which is why I left the cause of
death---

Court: All right.

Witness: ---unascertained.

Q Yes. In fact, I was going to ask---

Court: **Hold on.**

Bajwa: **Sorry.**

Court: **Now, this, I suppose, bring back into question---the amendment to the
charge, right? You amended it to---what was your amendment to the charge?**

Ong: **By drowning, your Honour.**

Court: **So---**

Ong: **By drowning.**

Court: **\---so you have to---so the charge---the---why do you amend it in
that case?**

Ong: **Yes, your Honour.**

Court: **Well, you better think about whether you want to reinstate the---the
original charge.**

Ong: **Yes, your Honour.**

**Extract 2 (at p 205 of the NE):**

Court: Is this something that---

Q ---at this point---

Bajwa: Sorry.

Court: No, no, hold on. In a situation like that you say you cannot exclude
this, it may have occurred and then you have other evidence that there may be
drowning. **_So, on what level are the possibilities and probabilities of
these two distinct causes?_** Because, let’s say, they---if you are going to
say that they are both as likely, then I’m---I’m sure Mr Ong will realise
that, “Oh, in that case we are looking at a very difficult situation about
excluding doubts”, you know. So one---I mean, you should be---**_can you
assist by saying that although this is likely, what is more likely, what is
improbable or things like that?_** Just to say, “I can’t exclude this, I can’t
exclude this”---if everything you can’t exclude implies that they are as
likely as any other causes then I think Mr Ong will have to really worry about
how he’s going to do his submissions.

Ong: Yes, your Honour.

Court: You follow me?

Witness: Yes, I do.

Court: All right, then. So can---can you address that?

**Extract 3 (at pp 208 to 210 of the NE):**

Court: **_You are now giving us evidence on this area of genetics and all
that, I mean, I think I’m sorry if I have to mention---is this your area of
expertise?_** Because---

Witness: Yes, er---

Court: ---**_you see, you are a pathologist. This is another area of study, we
don’t want to come into that again, all right? We have gone into that once not
so long ago._**

Witness: Er, your---your---

Court: But the---

Witness: ---yes. Your---your Honour---

Court: So you---

Witness: Yes.

Court: No, wait let me finish the explanation.

Witness: Yah, sorry, sorry.

Court: Do you---do you consider yourself an expert in this where you can tell
the Court, “This is my opinion and I’m saying this as an expert against the
background of my area and expertise”?

Witness: No, this is---these are the results of tests conducted by the--- by a
laboratory in the National University of Singapore. And before the
commencement of the trial I did raise this issue to the prosecution, that is,
as to the necessity of, er, obtaining, er an opinion from the scientist or
scientists who actually conducted these… tests. What I have is the test report
on these test results.

Court: **Mr Ong, I think this---this---this is best listening to, you know, I
mean. Specifically what I can hear is, look, he knows that this is---he is
relying on somebody else’s report.**

Ong: **Yes, your Honour.**

Court: **That we all know is not his main area of work because Prof Lau is a
pathologist.**

Witness: **Yes.**

Court: **Not---not---not a clinician who deals with this. Off hand I do not
recall another, I mean, of the other medical or technical witnesses covering
this. Don’t you---don’t you think therefore that you should be thinking about
that?**

Ong: **Yes, your Honour, I will think about it.**

Court: **All right. Hey, we are in the middle of trial. When do you---**

Ong: **Yes.**

Court**: ---when do you intend to complete the thinking process? Look, I mean,
look, Mr Ong, don’t look at me like that. We have gone through a PI. This is a
trial unless you come to some conclusion within the span of this case, you are
going to say unless something happens, “This is my case” and I’m---we may be
looking at a situation there where they say that, “Look, if this is the case,
thank you very much and I’m now going to submit”. Look, you have to bite the
bullet, you know.**

Ong: **Yes, your Honour.**

Court: **And make a decision. You---you can’t defer these things for very
long, otherwise, we get into all sorts of complications again.**

Ong: **Yes, your Honour.**

Court: So when do you propose to do that? You see, I’m---I’m trying to sit
back and look at this.

Ong: Yes, your Honour.

Court: Two things happened; you make your decision. Making your decision
merely to me means that: “We need more.” But just because you need more it
doesn’t mean immediately that you get the thing. You got to get somebody to
actually do you the**\---** give you the---the---the evidence, right? **_To
say that you need evidence, it doesn’t mean you have it. You have to get the
evidence. Then having got the evidence you just don’t simply serve it on Mr
Bajwa because this is an important part of your case. He needs to have, what,
knowledge of that. He needs to take his advice and all that._** So this is
going to have time implications. To me, if you are going down that path, that
is almost inevitable. So far you agree with me?

Ong: Yes, your Honour.

Court: So, if you realise that this is going to have time implication, then I
---don’t you think you should really start making those decisions?

Ong: Yes, your Honour.

**Extract 4 (at pp 227 and 228 of the NE):**

Court: So, now, hold on. All right, there you have GE provoked seizures. I’m
just---I’m just thinking aloud---

Witness: Yes.

Court: ---**_could the child have another GE provoked seizure on the 1st of
March, on the day she died?_**

Witness: Ah, even if she had, a GE provoked seizure is known to be, er, it’s
not a---known to be a lethal condition. It’s a relatively harmless---

Court: **_What about this tonic seizure?_** That is---

Witness: Ah, that is just a---a description of the particular form of
manifestation of the seizures which in this case the clinicians have decided
were caused by that---by a bout of gastroenteritis that she had.

Court: **_In other words, the---does it mean that the seizures that she
suffered which brought about these investigations by the hospital were
relatively---are not life threatening?_**

Witness: Yes, GE provoked seizures are … not known to be life threatening.

Q All right.

Witness: But I---I---I must of course, er, er, in the spirit of this hearing I
declare that I’m not a paediatrician and I do not have expertise in
paediatrics.

Q I was coming to that.

Witness: However, my expertise lies in determining what may or may not cause
death.

Q **Yes, exactly. That---that was my next question. So here again you are not
an expert on status epilepticus?**

A **No, I’m not.**

Court: **Why are we left with this position? I mean---**

Witness: **I---I have, your Honour---**

Court: **No, no, I’m not---I’m not talking about, no, no---because this issue
just came out not so long ago.**

Ong: You see, your Honour, I think the---the---the prosecution’s understanding
of the situation which---which perhaps may be wrong and I’ll think about it
during lunch is that: So far what the Doctor had---what the witness has
basically said is that he is, I think he just said it again, he is---his area
of expertise is determining what can cause death. And so he has got all these
reports from---from this, say, for example, this clinical record from a
geneticist talking about various characteristics of the deceased. But in the
end the person whose expertise it is to determine whether all these medical
facts about the … the deceased contribute to his understanding of what could
have caused her death, the person to make that call is the … witness. Now,
that’s our understanding of it. But as I said I will---I will consider it
again.

Court: All right.

**Extract 5 (at p 240 of the NE):**

Court: **Look, it’s quite clear to me that we need to---prescribing doctors, I
mean, this is very unsatisfactory. You are not a clinic---clinician, you are
second guessing. You are the best person in this room to be doing that but you
cannot be the best person available.**

Witness: **I fully agree, your Honour. Er, the reason why I gave the answer
that I did was in order to---so that I could answer counsel’s question.**

Court: **In a case like that, one looks broader than the four walls of this
room.**

Ong: **Yes, your Honour.**

**Extract 6 (at pp 244 to 247 of the NE):**

Q Now, this conclusion that the possibility of a cardiac arrhythmia arising or
developing in the presence of an environmental trigger, was this derived from
Prof Edmund Lee’s report?

A Yes, it was precisely what was suggested, er, in his report.

Q And you have stated there that:

[Reads] “… some form of mechanical asphyxia, immersion, or the genital
injuries inflicted could have supplied this extraneous trigger…”

Where did those possibilities come from?

A Er, they came from me.

Court: A lot of it seems to be hearsay, right?

Ong: Sorry, your Honour?

Court: **_A lot of it seems to be hearsay._ He got a report from Dr---Prof
Edmund Lee. Of course, the report in itself is never something which is beyond
challenge or beyond---**

Ong: **Yes, your Honour.**

Court: **\---which is free from production. But never mind that; and then, you
get a person---**

Ong: **Yes.**

Court: **\---here who doesn’t show that---**

Ong: **Yes.**

Court: **\---and he is just telling us parts of it, I mean---**

Ong: **I---I was moving---**

Court: **I---I am not stopping you---**

Ong: **No, I was---**

Court: **\---I’m not stopping you. I’m just reminding you because, in the end,
we have to account for all these things**.

Ong: **Yes, your Honour.**

Q Now---

Witness: Er, your Honour, I did offer the---to present a copy of the report---

Court: Yes, I know.

Witness: ---to the police---

Court: No, no---

Witness: ---and---and to prosecution.

Court: ---no criticism of you. You run your lab, we run our Courts, okay? I
don’t go there and tell you what to do---

Q Now, Dr---

Court: ---and I won’t say the second part of that---

Q ---Dr Lau could you please---

Court: ---two sentences.

Q I ---I presume the report is---is with you now?

A Yes, it is.

Q Yes. Could you produce it please?

A Yes. I have a copy of the report, er, the original is---

Court: **But there is no point because you know why, Mr Ong?**

Ong: **Yes.**

Court: **You seem---you seem to have a small lapse---a small gap there, which
you---you don’t seem to realise. Even if you have that, you see, Prof Lee is
not beyond cross-examination. What he says is not carved in stone. In the end,
he may have to defend it. I mean, fine, Dr Lau give it, we all look at it and
we try to understand it as best we can. But you know, to complete the whole
thing, he shall have to come. In the same way, of course, we have Prof Lau’s
three reports,_that doesn’t mean you produce the three reports and that’s it,
Prof Lau doesn’t come, he knows he has to come and be questioned._ So, of
course, we have the odd situation that Dr---Prof Lee is being referred to. I
haven’t seen his report. Fine, if you produce his report, we’d look at it. But
that, by no sense, means that there is---there is the end of the mat---
process.**

Ong: **Yes.**

Court: **I mean, you know, come on, Mr Ong, you know better---**

Ong: **Yes.**

Court: ---you know far better than that, right?

Ong: Yes, your Honour.

Court: You’ve been---yes, yes.

Ong: Just as earlier, when my learned friend produced the clinical records, I
---I waived the admissibility requirement. I think if we can see Prof Lee’s
report as a preli---as a first step, of course, my learned friend---since this
is being produced now, if he looks at it and he feels that permissi---

Court: He must be a very brave man to be waiving something he has never seen.

Ong: Yes.

Bajwa: Sorry, your Honour, I’m not going to waive it.

Ong: Yes. But perhaps, that can just be shown to the Court, marked for
identification, your Honour?

Court: Yes.

Ong: Yes, your Honour.

Court: Fair enough. But you do---have you got---have you got enough copies of
it now?

Ong: No, your Honour. But I’m moving on to another point, so we’ll supply
that. We’ll---we’ll just come back to that and have the witness confirm that
this is the report.

Court: Why don’t you get him to produce it? Look, you get people sitting
behind you---

Ong: Yes, your Honour, I was going to ask my IO---

Court: ---you get your IO and all that people so that we don’t have to keep on
having these breaks, have them make enough copies and have them numbered cor
---number the first copy and photocopy so that there will---

Ong: Yes, your Honour.

Court: ---be no mistake. Do you need the rest of the---the---the---

Witness: Well, actually, I---I do. Sir, if they could just, er---

Court: No, you just take out your---

Witness: Yah.

Court: Yes---

Witness: Yah.

Court: ---otherwise---

Witness: Let me just---

Court: ---you’ll find that you are hamstrung---

Witness: ---mm, mm---

Court: ---because the---the rest---

Witness: Mm.

Court: ---have gone as well.

**_Extract 7_ (at pp 264 to 265 of the NE):**

Ong: Your Honour, I’m just going to ask the witness to explain his
understanding of Dr Edmund Lee’s conclusions. Of course if Dr Edmund Lee is,
Professor Edmund Lee is called, he---he will explain---

Court: Well, let’s---let’s---before we---his understanding of Dr Edmund Lee’s
report, it is like one of his last answers to your question---my reading of
the conclusion---of this, what turns on it? I mean you want to do that,
sometimes I said---I---I tell you why it is not really the good thing to do.
You then think that you have some evidence because you say that but---then it
becomes his reading of somebody else’s-**\--_what is the evidential value?
Sometimes you lead yourself into difficulty by producing things which do not
really constitute the necessary kind of evidence and you give yourself the
comfort that somebody else has said something._** But you want to do it, I
won’t stop you. But how is that going to happen?

Ong: Your Honour, I think the only reason---

Court: **His reading of Professor Lee’s, I mean---it is the quality of
Professor Lee’s conclusion that---that are important, not his reading---in the
same way that we now come to the con--- that’s why he said, “My reading of
this is this”--- fine, but that doesn’t add to it. You asked---you---you ask a
GP, he also may have a reading of this. A layman can have a reading of this. I
mean it gets less and less accurate but I mean if all he says is, “This is
what I understand by it” and basically that’s what he’s saying, it doesn’t add
to it. But if you want to go through it, I won’t stop you. Just reminding you
that it may in the end be insufficient and in the end it may create problems
because you may go away thinking that you have got evidence and you find that
there isn’t. So it may be better off if you---if you really face up to it---
face---look at the question and “Do I need the source and if I don’t have the
source, don’t---_I don’t want to create a confusion by having some other forms
of evidence which in the end may not be found to be the proper evidence_.”**

Ong: Yes. Your Honour---

Court: I---I leave that to you. I have said enough.

Ong: Yes, your Honour. I’m only asking this witness to---to confirm his
understanding of---

Court: All right, now we---first, let me mark this for identification.

Ong: Yes, your Honour.

[emphasis added in bold and bold italics]

(C) ANALYSIS

182 It is clear, in our view, that the Judge did _not_ descend into the arena.
He did not interrupt (let alone cross-examine) counsel or the parties in such
a manner as to give rise to prejudice (or the appearance of prejudice) to
either party. Neither, in fairness to Mr Bajwa, was it suggested that the
Judge had been guilty of any of these proscribed actions. However, Mr Bajwa,
whilst also acknowledging assistance by the Judge to the appellant, argued
(relying on Extract 1 at [181] above) that the Judge had nevertheless
descended into the arena “by way of frequently expressing his views about how
the Prosecution should proceed with the case and the evidence required by the
Prosecution to prove [its] case”.[note: 31] Mr Bajwa (relying on Extracts 2 to
7 at [181] above) also argued that the Judge had made “pointed” remarks when
the Prosecution was content not to call either Dr Lee or Dr Foo as
witnesses.[note: 32]

183 The exchange in Extract 1 occurred, in fact, in the context of the Judge
keeping a tight rein on the proceedings and procedure in order to ensure that
the Prosecution did not state (in the charge against the appellant) that death
was caused by drowning unless the cause of death was definitely ascertainable.

184 Turning to the remaining extracts, there is nothing in them which suggests
to us that there had been the possibility of a denial of justice to the
appellant (and, correspondingly, that the Prosecution had been unfairly
favoured). Indeed, it was clear, in our view, that the Judge was seeking
clarification, particularly on key issues such as causation and/or ensuring
that any evidence admitted was effected in a proper manner and/or generally
supervising the proceedings (in particular, the procedure adopted) (_cf_ also
the similar heads referred to in _Wooding_ ([134] _supra_ at [14]), although
these heads are mere broad categories in the nature of guides only and cannot
(in the nature of things) be exhaustive). This is clear, for example, from
Extract 2, where the Judge was clearly seeking not only clarification but also
assistance from the witness (there, Assoc Prof Lau) as to the relative
probabilities _vis-à-vis_ the cause of death of the deceased. Likewise, in so
far as Extract 4 was concerned, the Judge inquired if it could be possible
that the deceased had died from another gastro-enteritis seizure on 1 March
2006.

185 In so far as Extracts 3, 6 and 7 are concerned, the Judge was clearly
concerned in ensuring that the report by Dr Lee was introduced into evidence
in a proper manner and indeed constituted proper evidence.

186 Indeed, on a more _general_ level, those parts in Extracts 2, 3, 4, 6 and
7 which we have rendered in _bold italics_ clearly demonstrate that if the
Judge had in fact desired to assist the Prosecution, he would not have pursued
the line of questions he did. In other words, those other parts in the same
extracts which have been rendered in bold font (and which constitute, in Mr
Bajwa’s view, the alleged judicial interference) must be read in this light
and, indeed, in the _context_ of the relevant exchanges _as a whole._

187 Turning to Extract 5, it is clear that the Judge was attempting to
supervise the proceedings and its procedure. In this particular extract, for
example, the Judge, in attempting to ascertain what medication had been given
to the deceased after her hospital visits, emphasised that Assoc Prof Lau had
not prescribed the medication and therefore could not give evidence on it.

188 The fact of the matter is that several of the instances alleged by Mr
Bajwa as constituting examples of judicial interference occurred during the
re**-** examination of Assoc Prof Lau where the Judge was largely concerned
about ensuring that all possible causes of death were explored. He sought to
control the procedure of the trial at the outset by ensuring that the charge
was correctly framed, and kept an even hand on the flow of proceedings.
Further, the questions that the Judge posed often served to clarify the
answers given by the witnesses or clarify the questions posed by counsel.
Looking at the record in a holistic fashion, there were numerous instances
where the Judge clarified questions asked by counsel for the appellant. It
therefore strikes us as disingenuous to argue that the Judge appeared to be
assisting the Prosecution only and, as already noted, Mr Bajwa had himself
admitted that the Judge had also assisted the appellant. This last-mentioned
concession is unexceptional: It merely underscores a point already made, which
is that the Judge ensured that the entire proceedings were conducted in an
even-handed and objective manner. Mere statistics were also not of themselves
decisive. Third, as provided for by s 167(1) of the Evidence Act (also
reproduced above at [159]), the judge concerned may:

… in order to discover or to obtain proper proof of relevant facts, ask any
question he pleases, in any form at any time, of any witness or of the
parties, about any fact relevant or irrelevant; and may order the production
of any document or thing; …

189 Indeed, and in summary, it may be said that the instances of judicial
interference alleged by the appellant in the present proceedings, far from
constituting interferences which the law would proscribe, actually facilitated
a just and fair admission of the evidence concerned as well as ensured that
all counsel knew what was troubling him. As both Sir Robert Megarry and Mr
Justice Lightman have emphasised (above at [147] and [150], respectively),
reticence (and, _a fortiori_ , silence) by the court is not necessarily in the
best interest of the parties; more importantly, it is not necessarily in the
best interests of justice inasmuch as the judge concerned ought to be fully
apprised of all the relevant evidence in order that he or she can arrive at a
just and fair decision. Indeed, not for the Judge to have done so might have
led to the Judge deciding the case without appreciating fully the central core
of each party’s case; this would have resulted in a _denial_ of justice
instead. That the Judge was acutely aware of all these considerations is, in
fact, clear from the following observations by him (to which Mr Bajwa, it is
significant to note, did not raise any objections to at that point in the
trial):[note: 33]

Court: Yes. No, I don’t generally like to ask questions. Counsels seem to
think that when I do that, _it has---it has got some effect on the case, but
it’s not that. It’s just that when I see certain things, if I don’t raise that
now, I would still be using the same questions when I evaluate the facts_ , so
I might as well raise this to him, right?

Bajwa: I understand, your Honour.

[emphasis added]

190 In the final analysis, what is of fundamental importance – and this is a
point that can never be over-emphasised – is that the judge does not conduct
the proceedings in a manner which suggests that there has been the possibility
of a denial of justice to a particular party (and, correspondingly, the
possibility that the other party has been unfairly favoured). That this has
_not_ been the case in the present proceedings is clear to us beyond the
shadow of a doubt, and this particular ground of appeal, therefore, also
failed.

**Conclusion**

191 For all the reasons stated above, we dismissed the appeal.

  

* * *

[note: 1]See P238, Record of Proceedings, vol 3, p 226.

[note: 2]See P231T, Record of Proceedings _,_ vol 3, p 189.

[note: 3]See Record of Proceedings, vol 3, p 190.

[note: 4]_Ibid._

[note: 5]_Ibid._

[note: 6]See Record of Proceedings, vol 3, p 168.

[note: 7]See Record of Proceedings, vol 3, p 179.

[note: 8]See Record of Proceedings, vol 3, p 190.

[note: 9]See Record of Proceedings, vol 3, p 216.

[note: 10]See Record of Proceedings, vol 3, p 168.

[note: 11]See Record of Proceedings, vol 3, p 171.

[note: 12]See P229T, Record of Proceedings, vol 3, p 169.

[note: 13]See Record of Proceedings, vol 3, p 161.

[note: 14]See Record of Proceedings, vol 3, p 394.

[note: 15]See PS51, Record of Proceedings, vol 3, p 385, para 6.

[note: 16]See Record of Proceedings, vol 1, p 184, line 28 to p 186, line 9.

[note: 17]See Record of Proceedings, vol 1, p 186, lines 16 to 20.

[note: 18]_Id_ , lines 25 to 29.

[note: 19]See Record of Proceedings, vol 3, p 290.

[note: 20]See Record of Proceedings, vol 1, p 119, line 11 to p 123, line 23.

[note: 21]See Record of Proceedings, vol 1, p 134, lines 7 to 20.

[note: 22]See Record of Proceedings, vol 3, p 213.

[note: 23]See Record of Proceedings, vol 3, p 205.

[note: 24]See P214, Record of Proceedings, vol 3, p 144.

[note: 25]See Record of Proceedings, vol 1, p 204.

[note: 26]See Record of Proceedings, vol 1, p 216.

[note: 27]See P278, Record of Proceedings, vol 3, p 384.

[note: 28]See Record of Proceedings, vol 3, p 145.

[note: 29]See Record of Proceedings, vol 1, pp 196–197.

[note: 30]See Record of Proceedings, vol 1, p 227, lines 11 to 23.

[note: 31]See Appellant’s Skeletal Arguments, p 12.

[note: 32]See _id_ , p 13.

[note: 33]See Record of Proceedings, vol 2, p 411.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 26 Sep 2008 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

