Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Balanalagirisamy Gowri Rajeswari and another (administrators of the estate
of Radhakrishnan Hari Babu, deceased) v Wong Si Wah  
[2008] SGHC 174

Case Number | : | Suit 448/2006, RA 113/2008, 116/2008  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 15 October 2008  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Andrew Ang J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Gurdeep Singh Sekhon (K S Chia Gurdeep & Param) for the plaintiffs; Pateloo E Ashokan (KhattarWong) for the defendant   
Parties | : |  Balanalagirisamy Gowri Rajeswari and another (administrators of the estate of Radhakrishnan Hari Babu, deceased) — Wong Si Wah   
  
Damages – Assessment – Computation – Measure of damages – Quantum –
Determination of multiplier – Factors involved in determination of multiplier
– Vicissitudes of life – Lump sum payment – Multiplicand – Use of different
multiplicands – Factors involved in determination of multiplicand – Net income
per annum – Basic salary – Bonuses – Overtime pay – Allowances – Income tax
contributions – Deduction made for deceased's own use  
  
Damages – Compensation and damages – Death – Dependency claim – Considerations
and factors – Net income per annum – Basic salary – Bonuses – Overtime pay –
Allowances – Income tax contributions – Central Provident Fund contributions –
Deduction made for deceased's own use  
  

15 October 2008 |   
---|---  
  
Andrew Ang J:

1 The deceased in the present case (“the Deceased”) passed away on 30 November
2005 after having been severely injured in an accident. He had been struck by
a car driven by the defendant when crossing a road at a pedestrian crossing.
The first plaintiff (the widow) and the second plaintiff (the father of the
Deceased) were granted Letters of Administration on 3 July 2006 and they were
named the administratrix and co-administrator, respectively, of the Deceased’s
estate.

2 The plaintiffs subsequently sued the defendant for damages arising out of
the death. The trial on the issue of liability was heard from 16 to 18 April
2007. Interlocutory judgment was delivered by Kan Ting Chiu J on 20 July 2007.
In his judgment, by reason of the Deceased’s contributory negligence, Kan J
found the defendant to be liable to the plaintiffs for one-third of the
damages.

3 The assessment of damages hearing took place before an assistant registrar
(“AR”) over a span of three days. The AR delivered her judgment on 18 March
2008. She assessed the damages (at 100%) as follows:

(a) Pain and suffering |  $ 5,000.00  
---|---  
(b) Special damages (agreed) |  $ 30,747.15  
(c) Special damages (disputed) |  $ 1,768.46  
(d) Loss of dependency |  $375,000.00  
  
4 The plaintiffs and the defendant appealed against the decision of the AR.
The sole issue on appeal was the quantum of the award for loss of dependency.
The AR’s award for loss of dependency was based on a multiplier of 15 years
and a multiplicand of $25,000. This resulted in an award of $125,000 (at 33%).
At the end of the hearing, I ordered that the appeal be allowed and the award
for dependency be increased to $238,000 (at 33%). While drafting my Grounds of
Decision, I came to the conclusion that $231,000 is the appropriate amount (at
33%) to be awarded for dependency for the reasons which follow.

Background facts

5 The Deceased was an Indian national who was 35 years old at the time of his
death. He was the sole breadwinner for his family. His dependants consisted of
his widow (who was 31 years old at the time of his death) and his son (who was
two years old at the time of his death).

6 The Deceased obtained a first-class honours degree in mechanical engineering
from Periyar University in India. In addition, he had obtained qualifications
in boiler operations and was also qualified in programming and operations. His
academic record showed a consistently high level of achievement. Since his
arrival in Singapore, he had been in the employ of only one company – Eco
Special Waste Management Pte Ltd (“Eco”) – as a co-generation plant engineer.
He worked with Eco from 1 November 2004 until the time of his death.

The multiplier

7 The AR, as mentioned earlier (see [4] above), was of the view that the
multiplier should be 15 years. Before me, the defendant accepted that this was
correct _vis-à-vis_ the widow but (apparently) not the son (_ie_ , the
Deceased’s second dependant).

8 In his Written Submissions, counsel for the defendant had allowed that the
son’s dependency would be until he attained the age of 23 to 25 years and
that, in arriving at the multiplier, this period ought to be subject to
reduction. However, for the sake of simplicity he submitted that a multiplier
of 14 years for both dependants would be reasonable. At the hearing, counsel
for the defendant decided not to challenge the multiplier of 15 years adopted
by the AR. Curiously, he nevertheless submitted before me that the multiplier
for the son should be arrived at using the same percentage reduction as for
the widow. I therefore took the defendant’s position to be that the agreement
to the 15-year multiplier applied only to the widow.

9 On the basis of a period of dependency until the son attained the age of 24
years (the mean of 23 and 25 years), the period of dependency of the son from
the time of death of the Deceased would be about 22 years. The remaining
working life of the Deceased, had he not suffered the accident and had worked
on until 65 years of age, is 30 years. (I rejected the plaintiffs’ view that
the retirement age should be taken as 67 years. However, it was not
unreasonable to adopt a retirement age of 65 years in view of the Government’s
bias in favour of later retirement as a consequence of demographic changes
pointing towards an aging population.) On the basis of the agreed multiplier
for the widow’s dependency being 15 years, there is implied a discount of 50%.
If the same percentage reduction were applied to the son, the multiplier for
the son would be 11 years.

10 However, I did not think that the same percentage reduction should apply.
It is axiomatic that the longer the period of dependency, the greater would be
the percentage reduction. This follows from two factors:

(a) The first would be future contingencies (“the vicissitudes of life”).
Where one is looking at a period of dependency of 30 years or more, it is
quite understandable that a significant discount has to be applied to factor
in the vicissitudes of life with respect to both the Deceased and to the
dependants over such a long period. Where, however, the dependency period is
shorter (as in the case of the son), it would be unduly pessimistic to apply
the same percentage reduction. The longer the period, the greater the
uncertainty. Moreover, the risks of death and disease would ordinarily be
greater amongst those senior in years.

(b) The second would be the investment value of receiving a lump sum payment
in an award. The greater the number of years by which payment of damages is
advanced, the greater the potential for investment gains thereon, assuming
prudent investment of course. In simple terms, money which is paid 30 years in
advance would earn more interest or other gains than a similar amount paid 22
years in advance. It is important, however, not to exaggerate the advantage of
receiving a payment in advance. Interest rates for fixed deposits, for one,
have been low for many years now, as many of us are only too painfully aware.
Although fixed deposits would not be the only way to earn a return,
alternative modes of investments carry with them a higher risk of loss of
one’s capital. Anecdotal accounts of ill-fated investments in the current
economic turmoil bear testament to the truth of this observation.

For the above reasons, I was of the view that instead of a reduction by 50% to
arrive at a multiplier of 11 years, I should fix the multiplier at 13 years
applying a discount of about 41%.

The multiplicand

11 The plaintiffs submitted that instead of using only one multiplicand for
the entire period of the multiplier, the multiplier should be split into three
equal periods with a different multiplicand for each period. This submission
was based on the assumption that there would only be one multiplier, _viz_ ,
15 years. While I was of the opinion that there should be two multipliers,
_viz_ , 15 years for the widow and 13 years for the son, I agreed with the
plaintiffs that three multiplicands should be used.

12 The use of different multiplicands is not unprecedented. In _See Soon Soon
v Goh Yong Kwang_ [1992] 2 SLR 242 (“ _See Soon Soon_ ”), Chan Sek Keong J
split the multiplier of 15 years into one period of five years and one period
of 10 years and applied a different multiplicand for each period (at [35]).
For the first period of five years, he applied the mean of $3,000 and $6,700,
_ie_ , $4,850 (_id_ at [36]). For the second period of five years, he applied
the median of $20,000 and $30,000, _ie,_ $15,000 (_id_ at [36]). The
multiplicand for the second period was based on evidence of what the deceased,
who was a medical officer, would have earned if he was promoted and was able
to enhance his earnings from consultancy work (_id_ at [33]–[34]).

13 The approach in _See Soon Soon_ was applied by Judith Prakash JC in the
case of _Lim Fook Lau v Kepdrill International Incorporated SA_ [1993] 1 SLR
917. In that case, Prakash JC similarly applied two multiplicands. In doing
so, she stated (_id_ at [11]):

_See Soon Soon’s_ case makes clear that because of the guess work involved in
estimating the probable earnings of a young deceased for the next 30 years, it
is appropriate to split up the agreed multiplier for the assessment of lost
years into more than one period.

She then observed that this approach would also be consistent with _dicta_ by
Lord Fraser of Tullybelton in _Cookson v Knowles_ [1979] AC 556. His lordship
had stated the following (at 575):

The court has to make the best estimates that it can having regard to the
deceased’s age and state of health and to his actual earnings immediately
before his death, as well as to the prospects of any increases in his earnings
due to promotion or other reasons.

14 In the recent case of _Ramesh s/o Ayakanno v Chua Gim Hock_ [2008] SGHC 33,
Kan J upheld the decision of the assistant registrar to apply three separate
multiplicands over three different periods. In doing so, he stated (at [43]):

There is no reason in principle to restrict the multiplicand to the
plaintiff’s earnings at the time of the accident. The evidence was that if he
had continued working, his earnings would have increased.

15 Taking into account the circumstances of the present case, I agreed with
the plaintiffs’ proposal for three different multiplicands to be applied. In
my view, the use of three multiplicands would allow for the factoring in of
the Deceased’s prospects of increases in earnings and yield a figure likely to
be closer to what he would have earned than if one multiplicand was used. It
would not be correct to freeze the multiplicand at the level of the Deceased’s
earnings at the time of the accident, as the evidence adduced before the AR
indicated clearly that the Deceased was a hardworking and capable worker with
prospects of promotion. Mr Ng Kin Hong (“Ng”) (the Senior Plant Manager in
Eco) for one, described the Deceased in his affidavit as a “good worker”
(affidavit-of-evidence in chief of Ng at para 4). Mr Mehm Win Aung (“Mehm”),
who was the Deceased’s direct supervisor, also testified that the Deceased had
the potential to be promoted (Notes of Evidence (“NE”) dated 8 January 2008 at
pp 3, 11 and 12). That said, as Chan J explained in _See Soon Soon_ ([12]
_supra_), there is much guesswork involved in estimating the probable earnings
of a young man; the younger the deceased the greater the risk of error (at
[32]). The use of different multiplicands can serve to mitigate the risk of
error.

16 Turning to the determination of the multiplicands, one method for
determining multiplicands is to ascertain the deceased’s net annual income and
deduct from that figure the deceased’s own expenses (see _Practitioners’
Library – Assessment of Damages: Personal Injuries and Fatal Accidents_
(LexisNexis, 2nd Ed, 2005) at p 101). The balance, it can be assumed, would be
for the benefit of the dependants. To arrive at the deceased’s net annual
income, one should begin by considering the deceased’s basic salary (see, _eg_
, _See Ah Haw v Ong Hock Thian_ [1984-1985] SLR 442 (“ _See Ah Haw_ ”)).

17 The Deceased’s starting basic salary was $2,150 per month when he first
joined Eco. This was below the market rate. He subsequently received an
increment to $2,270 per month after his probation. That increment aside, there
was evidence that the Deceased would have been entitled to a yearly increment
of between 3% and 5% of his basic salary subject to his good performance (NE
dated 23 November 2007 at p 2). In this respect, it would appear that the
Deceased, with his good attitude towards work, would arguably have received
yearly increments. As such, the plaintiffs submitted (on the authority of,
_inter alia_ , _Lee Teck Nam v Kang Hock Seng Paul_ [2005] 4 SLR 14 at
[42]–[43]) that the court should factor in an increment of 4% per annum to the
basic salary.

18 It might be argued that to allow that the Deceased would receive yearly
increments of 4% could be a little generous. If so, this was compensated for
in that the plaintiffs did not ask the court to factor in any potential
promotion for the Deceased in the calculation of the multiplicands which they
could well have (see,  _eg_ , _See Soon Soon_ ([12] _supra_) at [33]–[36]).
The evidence showed that the Deceased had obtained a “satisfactory” rating in
his only appraisal, which was done just after he had joined Eco. While his
superiors were not able to say that he would have been likely to be promoted
in the near future, they were of the opinion that he had improved himself in
the period after the appraisal and had the potential for promotion in time to
come (NE dated 8 January 2008 at pp 11, 12, 15 and 16; see also [15] above).

19 Basic salary aside, the evidence adduced at the hearing before the AR also
showed that the Deceased would have received bonuses in the form of an Annual
Wage Supplement (“AWS”) and variable bonuses. Bonuses should be taken into
account where it can be reasonably established on the evidence that the
deceased would have received them. In contrast, where the bonuses in question
are shown to be no more than “prospective and speculative”, the court should
not take them into consideration (_Jub’il bin Mohamed Taib Taral v Sunway
Lagoon Sdn Bhd_ [2001] 6 MLJ 669 at 682). In the present case, the bonuses
which would have been received by the Deceased were far from speculative;
there was evidence that the Deceased would have received both the AWS and the
variable bonus on an annual basis.

20 The AWS, which is otherwise known as the 13th month salary, would have
amounted to one month’s basic salary. The annual payment of the AWS to all
workers regardless of performance was confirmed by Ms Leong Yan Wee (“Leong”),
who testified on behalf of the Board of Directors of Eco (see NE dated 23
November 2007 at p 5). There was no reason for me to doubt that the Deceased
would have received the AWS on an annual basis. Indeed, the court’s
consideration of the AWS was not disputed by the defendant.

21 Over and above the AWS, there was evidence from, _inter alia_ , Leong that
employees of Eco would also be entitled to variable bonuses subject to their
performance and the company’s performance (see NE dated 23 November 2007 at pp
5 and 7). In respect of the latter, Leong testified that the company’s
performance in terms of profit and loss indicated that it was “financially
satisfactory” (NE dated 23 November 2007 at p 3). Ng’s evidence was that most
workers would be paid the variable bonus and, in his department, about 70% of
the workers received the variable bonus (NE dated 22 November 2007 at pp 28
and 29). On the quantum of the bonus, Leong testified (NE dated 23 November
2007 at pp 2 and 3) as follows:

PC: Their bonuses will average 1–2 months [salary] subject to the performance
of the company and the employee?

W: Yes.

…

PC: Do you confirm that the company has been paying an average of one to two
months in bonuses for the past 3 years?

W: Yes.

PC: Do you confirm that the company will probably pay also one to two months
bonus in the coming year unless something adverse happens?

W: Yes.

22 The plaintiffs submitted that the Deceased, as a diligent and capable
worker, would, more often than not, have received the variable bonus. As for
the quantum of the variable bonus the Deceased would have received, it would
appear that it would be at the upper end of the range, _ie_ , closer to two
months. This can be inferred from the evidence – in particular, the testimony
of Leong, who confirmed that the Deceased would have received between _one and
two months of variable bonus_ for his _satisfactory_ performance (see [18]
above). She testified (NE dated 23 November 2007 at pp 6 and 7) as follows:

PC: Are you able to tell us, if you turn to p 235 (AB), this is [the
Deceased’s] appraisal form done at the time he was confirmed. Correct?

W: Correct.

PC: Para 6 states that his overall rating is satisfactory.

W: Yes.

PC: For someone who is satisfactory, is there a policy as to how much variable
bonus the company will give?

W: _Average of 1 – 2 months_.

[emphasis added]

I had no reason to reject Leong’s evidence, as she would have been _au fait_
with bonus payments as a director. It would be recalled (see [18] above), that
the evidence was that the Deceased had been improving subsequent to his first
performance assessment. There was therefore reason to believe that the
Deceased would receive the variable bonus annually and that this would
generally be one to two months. The plaintiffs, however, asked that a modest
variable bonus amounting to the average of half to three-quarters of a month’s
salary be taken into consideration when calculating the multiplicand. In my
view, based on the foregoing, and even after factoring in the possibility of
the company being unable to pay a bonus in some years, this was a reasonable
sum to ask for.

23 Other than bonuses, the Deceased would have been entitled to pay for
overtime work which, on the evidence, was readily available. (Overtime pay can
be taken into account in dependency claims as demonstrated in _See Ah Haw_
([16] _supra_) at [5])). Mehm testified that engineers at Eco were estimated
to do an average of between three and five days of overtime work each month
(NE dated 8 January 2008 at pp 10 and 11). Each day of overtime work would
consist of 11 hours and would be remunerated at $10 per hour (NE dated 8
January 2008 at p 10). He also testified that once every year the plant would
be shut down for two to three weeks and engineers would be recalled to do
overtime work for that entire period (NE dated 8 January 2008 at pp 8 and 9).
Mr U Win Thong, who was head of the Deceased’s department, supported Mehm’s
testimony that there was available overtime work. The availability of overtime
work, he testified, would continue in the foreseeable future (NE dated 8
January 2008 at pp 18 and 19). The evidence adduced showed that the Deceased
had worked overtime every month except for the period of November 2004 to
January 2005 (as the Deceased was new and under probation) (NE dated 23
November 2008 at p 4) and the period of June 2005 to September 2005 (due to
the inconvenience of having to travel to and from Johor Baru, Malaysia, where
the widow and the son then resided whilst waiting for their permanent resident
status to be approved (NE dated 8 January 2008 at pp 3, 4, 5 and 7)).

24 The plaintiffs submitted that the total overtime pay the Deceased could
earn in a year would be between $3,960 (consisting of three days of overtime
work per month and two weeks of overtime work during the period of the
shutting down of the plant) and $8,910 (consisting of five days of overtime
work per month and three weeks of overtime work during the period of the
shutting down of the plant). The plaintiffs, however, only sought $4,496.96
per year on a fixed basis. This was based on the average overtime pay per
month ($374.58) the Deceased had earned for the months in which he had worked
overtime. I had no reason to reject this estimate.

25 There was also evidence that the Deceased would have received meal
allowances and shift allowances every month. In the months before his death,
the Deceased had been paid a total of between $300 and $400 per month in meal
allowances and shift allowances. The plaintiffs submitted that they were
entitled to meal allowance at $31.66 per month and shift allowance at $258.88
per month on a fixed basis. This was based on the average monthly meal
allowance and the average monthly shift allowance the Deceased had received in
the six months he had received meal allowance and the nine months he had
received shift allowance. (He received no meal allowance and/or shift
allowance in some months as his residence in Malaysia then had prevented him
from doing work which entitled him to these allowances.)

26 The figures given to me by the plaintiffs were conservative figures.
However, in my view, taking into account the meal allowances would be wrong as
meal allowances would have been provided to reimburse the Deceased for
expenses which he would have had to incur in any event. In _Parvathy v Liew
Yoke Khoon_ [1984] 1 MLJ 183, it was held that the court should not take into
account the housing and entertainment allowances in computing the actual
income of the deceased, as these were actually allowances to reimburse the
deceased for expenses which he was expected to incur (at 183). In contrast, it
cannot be assumed that the shift allowances would have been given to reimburse
the Deceased for expenses which he was bound to incur; more likely than not,
they would have been given to, _inter alia_ , reward the Deceased for doing
shift work. I therefore rejected the plaintiffs’ request for meal allowance
but accepted the request for shift allowance at $258.88 per month on a fixed
basis.

27 The foregoing sources of income, _viz_ , the Deceased’s basic salary, the
bonuses, overtime pay and allowances, would have constituted the Deceased’s
_gross_ income per annum. The Deceased’s _net_ income per annum would have
been the sum of the Deceased’s basic salary, the bonuses, overtime pay and
allowances, less Central Provident Fund (“CPF”) contributions. The substance
of the plaintiffs’ submissions, on the calculation of the three multiplicands,
was that the three multiplicands should be the average net income per annum
for each of the (three) 11-year periods which would make up the remaining
years the Deceased would have worked had he not suffered the accident. (In
other words, in the plaintiffs’ view, the first multiplier should be the
average net income per annum for years 1 to 11; the second multiplier should
be the average net income per annum for years 12 to 22; and the third
multiplier should be the average net income per annum for years 23 to 33.) I
saw no reason to reject this methodology. Parenthetically, I do acknowledge
that it might be argued that the multiplicands should be the average net
income per annum for the periods which make up the multiplier to take into
consideration the possible shorter working lifespan of the Deceased due to the
vicissitudes of life. However, the multiplier is the reduced number of years
of dependency after discounting for, _inter alia_ , the vicissitudes of life
(see [10] above). It would therefore be inappropriate to base the calculation
of the multiplicands on the periods which would make up the multiplier as this
would result in double discounting. That said, the three equal periods which
would make up the remaining years of work of the Deceased, had he not suffered
the accident and had worked on, would, in the light of my determination of the
remaining working life of the Deceased (see [9] above), be 10 years (_ie_ , 30
years ÷ 3). (In other words, in my view, the first multiplier should be the
average net income for years 1 to 10; the second multiplier should be the
average net income per annum for years 11 to 20; and the third multiplier
should be the average net income per annum for years 21 to 30.)

28 Based on data provided by the plaintiffs (which were not in dispute) and
the foregoing ([17]–[26] above), the Deceased’s net income for each of the
10-year periods would be $360,557.98, $505,340.23 and $802,291.07
respectively. As mentioned earlier (see [16] above), a deduction would have to
be made for the Deceased’s personal expenses. In this respect, the plaintiffs
submitted (somewhat generously in my view) that a deduction of 34% should be
made. I accepted this figure, noting that case law suggests that a deduction
of 25% would be sufficient. In _Harris v Empress Motors Ltd_ (1984) 1 WLR 212
(which was referred to by the Court of Appeal in _Ho Yeow Kim v Lai Hai Kuen_
[1999] 2 SLR 246), the court held that the conventional figure for deduction
for personal expenses where the family unit consists of a husband and wife
would be 33% – the rationale of this being the assumption that the husband and
wife would spend one-third of the income each and one-third for their joint
benefit; but where there are children, the conventional deduction would be 25%
(at 217). I nevertheless left the amount to be deducted at 34% to account for
the income tax which would have been payable by the Deceased. Income tax is a
factor to be taken into account (see, _eg_ , _See Ah Haw_ ([16] _supra_ [5])
but there were no submissions by either of the parties on it.

29 Taking the amount to be deducted at 34%, the Deceased’s net income for each
of the 10-year periods would be reduced to $237,968.27, $333,524.55, and
$529,512.11 respectively. The multiplicand would therefore be $23,796.27,
$33,352.46 and $52,951.21. As a check against over-generosity, I compared
these figures with statistics from the Ministry of Manpower, _viz_ , Median
Monthly Basic and Gross Wages of Selected Occupations by Age in All
Industries, June 2007 (available at
<http://www.mom.gov.sg/publish/etc/medialib/mom  
_library/mrsd/row_2007.Par.36393.File.tmp/2007Wages_table5.xls> (accessed 14
August 2008)). The statistics indicated that the median gross monthly income
of mechanical engineers between the age of 5 and 39, 40 and 44, 45 and 49, 50
and 54, and 55 and 59, are $3,950, $4,332, $4,655, $5,725 and $5,607
respectively. Assuming a deduction of 20% for employee’s CPF contributions on
these figures, the median net monthly income for mechanical engineers of the
previously mentioned age groups would be $3,160, $3,465.60, $3,724, $4,580 and
$4,485.60 respectively. In comparison, the multiplicands translate into a much
lower monthly income of $1,983.07, $2,779.37 and $3,412.60 respectively.

Decision of the court

30 The product of the multipliers of five and the multiplicands would yield a
total of $550,502.40 (_ie_ , (5 x $23,796.27) + (5 x $33,352.46) + (5 x
$52,951.21)). This sum represents the aggregate amount of dependency for the
widow and the son adopting a multiplier of 15. However, given that the
multiplier applicable to the son was 13 only (a difference of two years), the
dependency claim attributable to the son should be reduced by 2/15 of what
would otherwise have been allowed for the son, _viz_ , 1/3 of $550,502.40 (the
widow being entitled to 1/3 and another 1/3 being attributable to common
expenses.) The deduction therefore was 2/15 x 1/3 x $550,502.40, _ie_ ,
$24,466.77. Deducting $24,466.77 from $550,502.40 yielded a final figure of
$526,035.63.

31 To the $526,035.63, I had to add a sum of money to account for CPF
contributions and the 1% interest on the CPF balance up to $60,000. It is, of
course, well established that CPF contributions may form part of a dependency
claim (see, _inter alia_ , _Lee Wee Hiong v Koh Ah Sai Victor_ [1989] SLR 1029
at [13]). As a permanent resident, the Deceased would have had to make CPF
contributions and would also have been entitled to CPF contributions, along
with an extra 1% interest on his CPF balance up to $60,000. CPF contributions
would have had to be given not only on basic salary but also on overtime pay,
allowances, bonuses and increments. The contributions would have been at the
following rates:

**Years of work** |  **Employee contribution** |  ** Employer contribution**  
---|---|---  
1 |  **** 5% |  ** ** 4%  
2 |  **** 15% |  ** ** 9%  
3 |  **** 20% |  ** ** 13% before 1 July 2007 ** ** 14.5% after 1 July 2007  
4 to 16 |  **** 20% |  ** ** 14.5%  
17 to 20 |  **** 18% |  ** ** 10.5%  
21 to 25 |  **** 12.5% |  ** ** 7.5%  
26 to 30 |  **** 7.5% |  ** ** 5%  
  
32 Based on the data provided by the plaintiffs, the sum of the CPF
contributions and the 1% interest on CPF balance up to $60,000 for each of the
10-year periods would be $142,691.17, $206,494.26, and $148,202.99
respectively. This would give an annual average of $14,269.12, $20,649.43 and
$14,820.30 for each of the 10-year periods respectively. Adopting a multiplier
of 15 produced a figure of $248,694 (_ie_ , (5 x $14,269.12) + (5 x
$20,649.43) + (5 x $14,820.30)). That figure, in my opinion, had to be
reduced, however, to take into account the money that the Deceased would have
used for himself.

33 Adopting the approach in _Harris v Empress Motors Ltd_ (see [28] _supra_),
which was touched upon earlier (see [28] above), one would reduce the amount
to be awarded in respect of CPF contributions by 25% (on the basis that each
of the Deceased, the wife and the son would use 25% of the amount of CPF
contributions, leaving 25% for expenditure for their joint benefit). As a
refinement, however, I decided that the son should not be taken into
consideration. In coming to this view, I assumed that (but for the accident)
the bulk of the CPF moneys would have become available to the Deceased after
he had reached 55 years or later, as dictated by CPF rules. The son would then
be 22 years of age with only two more years of dependency (on the basis of his
dependency being up to the age of 24 (see [9] above)). It did not seem
unreasonable to assume that the Deceased would not be likely to have expanded
much of his CPF moneys on the son at that stage.

34 Accordingly, on the assumption that only the Deceased and his wife would
have used the CPF moneys, the appropriate reduction for the portion of the CPF
contributions that the Deceased would have used for himself was, in my view,
1/3 (the remainder being 1/3 for the wife and 1/3 for expenses for their joint
benefit (see [28] above)). In so doing, I am aware that in _Ng Lim Lian v Port
of Singapore Authority_ [1997] SGHC 62 at [38] CR Rajah JC reduced the amount
to be awarded for CPF by 40% (at [38]) while in _Guo Xiuhua v Lee Chin Ngee v
First Capital Insurance Ltd_ [2001] SGHC 190 Woo Bih Li JC reduced the CPF
award by 50% (at [66]). The appropriate reduction could, of course, vary from
case to case depending on the facts. In the absence of any special
circumstances, a principled approach as in _Harris v Empress Motors Ltd_ ([28]
_supra_) is appropriate.

35 Taking into account the 1/3 reduction, the amount to be added for CPF would
be $165,796 (_ie_ , $248,694 – ($248,694 X 1/3)). The final figure to be
awarded for dependency (at 100%) was therefore $526,035.63 + $165,796. This
amounted to $691,831.63.

Conclusion

36 For the foregoing reasons, I allowed the plaintiffs’ appeal and dismissed
the defendant’s appeal. The plaintiffs’ award for loss of dependency (at 100%)
was increased to $691,831.63. At one-third liability, this would give the
plaintiffs $230,610.54, which I rounded off to $231,000. I also awarded costs
to the plaintiffs and this was to be taxed unless agreed.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 15 Oct 2008 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

