Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## NCC International AB v Land Transport Authority of Singapore  
[2008] SGHC 186

Case Number | : | OS 1602/2007  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 28 October 2008  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Tay Yong Kwang J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Sundaresh Menon SC and Chua Kee Loon (Rajah & Tann LLP) for the plaintiff; Alvin Yeo SC and Chan Hock Keng (WongPartnership LLP) for the defendant   
Parties | : |  NCC International AB — Land Transport Authority of Singapore   
  
Arbitration – Arbitral tribunal – Appointment of arbitrator – Singapore
International Arbitration Centre ("SIAC") – Discretion of Registrar of SIAC
under r 5.1 of 2007 SIAC Rules to appoint three arbitrators – Whether
discretion of Registrar under r 5.1 exercisable when parties had agreed on
number of arbitrators – Whether r 5.1 would override agreement of parties on
number of arbitrators – Rule 5.1 2007 SIAC Rules  
  
Contract – Contractual terms – Arbitration clause – Interpretation of
arbitration clause – Arbitration clause provided for an arbitrator to be
appointed – Whether parties had agreed on number of arbitrators to be
appointed – Whether r 5.1 of 2007 SIAC Rules would override agreement of
parties on number of arbitrators  
  

28 October 2008 |   
---|---  
  
Tay Yong Kwang J:

The application

1 In this Originating Summons, the plaintiff seeks the following orders:

(a) a declaration that Rule 5.1 of the Singapore International Arbitration
Centre Rules (“SIAC Rules”) is incorporated into Contract 822 by way of clause
71.4 of the Conditions of Contract 822;

(b) declarations that on a true construction of clause 71.4 of the Conditions
of Contract 822 read with the SIAC Rules, including Rule 5.1 of the SIAC
Rules:

(i) the parties have not already agreed to appoint a sole arbitrator;

(ii) in any event, the Registrar of the Singapore International Arbitration
Centre (“SIAC”) is empowered to appoint three arbitrators if, having given due
regard to proposals from the parties, the complexity, the quantum involved or
other relevant circumstances of the disputes, it appears to the Registrar of
the SIAC that the disputes warrant the appointment of three arbitrators;

(c) an order that the defendant pay the plaintiff’s costs of this application;
and

(d) such further or other relief be given or made as the Court deems fit.

The facts

2 The plaintiff, a company incorporated in Sweden, is the contractor for the
construction of the MacPherson and Upper Paya Lebar MRT stations, including
tunnelling, forming part of stage 2 of the Mass Rapid Transit Circle Line, a
project of the defendant. In 2002, this contract (“Contract 822”) was
originally awarded to a joint venture comprising the plaintiff and a local
company. When the local company went into liquidation, the contract was
novated to the plaintiff as sole contractor.

3 Clause 71.4 of the conditions of Contract 822 (“clause 71.4’) has an
arbitration agreement in the following terms:

In the event that mediation is unsuccessful, the dispute or difference between
the parties shall be referred to an Arbitrator to be agreed upon between the
parties, or failing agreement, to be nominated on the application of either
party by the Chairman of the Singapore International Arbitration Centre (SIAC)
and any such reference shall be a submission on arbitration in accordance with
the Arbitration Rules of the Singapore International Arbitration Centre (“SIAC
Rules”) for the time being in force which rules are deemed to be incorporated
by reference to this clause.

It is not in dispute that the relevant SIAC Rules in force at the time of
commencement of the arbitration proceedings were the 3rd Edition of the said
Rules dated 1 July 2007.

4 On 21 August 2007, the plaintiff commenced arbitration proceedings against
the defendant. On 28 August 2007, the solicitors for the plaintiff wrote to
the solicitors for the defendant seeking their agreement for three arbitrators
to be appointed for the proceedings. Thereafter the solicitors for the parties
held discussions on this issue but were unable to agree on the constitution of
the arbitration tribunal. The defendant therefore applied to the Chairman of
the SIAC to nominate a sole arbitrator pursuant to clause 71.4. However, the
plaintiff applied to the Registrar of the SIAC pursuant to Rule 5.1 of the
2007 SIAC Rules (“Rule 5.1”) to exercise her discretion to appoint three
arbitrators.

5 Rule 5.1 provides:

Unless the parties have agreed otherwise or unless it appears to the Registrar
giving due regard to any proposals by the parties, the complexity, the quantum
involved or other relevant circumstances of the dispute, that the dispute
warrants the appointment of three arbitrators, a sole arbitrator shall be
appointed.

6 The plaintiff’s application to the Registrar of the SIAC was contested by
the defendant which took the position that clause 71.4 provided expressly for
a sole arbitrator, leaving the Registrar of the SIAC no discretion under Rule
5.1 to appoint three arbitrators. On 15 October 2007, the Registrar of the
SIAC directed the parties to file written submissions on the following three
issues:

(1) whether clause 71.4 provides for a sole arbitrator;

(2) if clause 71.4 provides for a sole arbitrator, whether the Registrar of
the SIAC under Rule 5.1 still has the power to appoint a three-member
tribunal; and

(3) if there is such a power, whether the complexity and circumstances warrant
the Registrar of the SIAC to exercise this discretion.

7 After considering the submissions made by the parties, the Registrar of the
SIAC made the following findings:

(a) Clause 71.4 of the Conditions of Contract 822 provides for a single member
Tribunal to hear this dispute.

(b) Rule 5.1 of the SIAC Rules is not intended to fetter party autonomy and
therefore does not grant discretion to the Registrar to vary the number of
arbitrators where parties have agreed to the number.

(c) In view of my finding in (2) above, the issue of exercising the
Registrar’s discretion to vary the number of arbitrators in the constitution
of the Tribunal does not arise.

8 This originating summons, in seeking the proper interpretation of clause
71.4 and Rule 5.1, is therefore essentially seeking to overturn the findings
of the Registrar of the SIAC set out above.

The plaintiff’s submissions

9 The plaintiff is of the view that the Registrar of the SIAC has misconstrued
clause 71.4 read with Rule 5.1. The plaintiff argues that Rule 5.1 is
expressly incorporated into the arbitration agreement between the parties and
that the effect of such incorporation means that Rule 5.1 must be read with,
rather than subject to, clause 71.4, particularly when construing the parties’
agreement on the number of arbitrators to be appointed.

10 Reading clause 71.4 with Rule 5.1, it is clear that the parties did not
agree on any particular number of arbitrators as the words “an Arbitrator”
have the same meaning as “a Tribunal” and refer to a body of persons or
persons having authority to act as an arbitrator over disputes referred to it.
The words “an Arbitrator” are quite different from the phrases “a sole
arbitrator”, “a single arbitrator” or “one arbitrator”. The parties did not
intend themselves to be bound to appoint only one arbitrator.

11 While the parties could have adopted the specific wording in the SIAC’s
model arbitration clause to expressly provide for a specific number of
arbitrators, they chose not to do so. For instance, the SIAC model arbitration
clause recommends the insertion of the following:

The Tribunal shall consist of ____ * arbitrator(s) to be appointed by the
Chairman of the SIAC.

…

*State an odd number. Either state one or state three.

Similarly, the model clause suggested by the Hong Kong International
Arbitration Centre is as follows:

“There shall be only one arbitrator.*

…

Notes:

*This sentence must be amended if a panel of three arbitrators is required.

The very fact that the parties chose not to include such a provision,
recommended by the SIAC for use should the parties adopt the SIAC Rules, must
mean that they intended the number of arbitrators to be left open for
agreement between themselves, or failing such agreement, to be decided in
accordance with the SIAC Rules.

12 Further, clause 1.2 of Contract 822 explains that “words importing the
singular also include the plural and vice-versa where the context requires”.
There can be no doubt that the parties intended flexibility on the issue of
arbitrators and that the words “an Arbitrator” can be read equally as a plural
reference. The plain language of the provisions in issue shows that instead of
agreeing on a number which would apply to all circumstances, the parties chose
to agree on a mechanism for deciding the number of arbitrators. If there was
no agreement between the parties, the Registrar of the SIAC would have the
power to operate this mechanism. This is a sensible approach given the nature
of large engineering projects since the number, quantum and complexity of the
disputes in such projects may vary substantially at any given time. For
instance, it would not make sense to have three arbitrators for a relatively
small dispute of $10,000.

13 The position taken by the plaintiff in its notice of arbitration dated 21
August 2007, in particular, paragraph 26, is consistent with clause 71.4 not
expressly specifying the number of arbitrators to be appointed. Immediately
after the defendant’s solicitors came on record in the arbitration
proceedings, the plaintiff’s solicitors wrote to them to state that the
plaintiff’s position is that the circumstances of the case warrant the
appointment of a three-member tribunal. The defendant’s response is noteworthy
in its use of the term “arbitrator(s)”, denoting that the issue of whether a
sole arbitrator or a three-member tribunal ought to be appointed remains open.

14 At its highest, the words “an Arbitrator” are ambiguous, in which event:

(1) the ambiguity is such as to lead to the irresistible conclusion that no
agreement was reached (or can be said to have been reached) between the
parties on the number of arbitrators. All that was agreed was the mechanism to
decide on the number of arbitrators;

(2) even if an agreement can be implied, the ambiguity in clause 71.4 must be
resolved in the plaintiff’s favour by applying the _contra proferentum_ rule
since Contract 822 was drafted by the defendant.

15 Even if clause 71.4 can be read to indicate the parties’ agreement on a
sole arbitrator, Rule 5.1 nevertheless confers the discretion on the Registrar
of the SIAC to decide whether a three-member arbitral tribunal is warranted in
the circumstances of the particular case. If those circumstances mandate that
a three-member tribunal is more appropriate, the Registrar of the SIAC is
empowered to override the default position of a sole arbitrator.

16 Far from fettering party autonomy, such a reading of the provisions
endorses and affirms party autonomy. The indisputable fact is that the parties
agreed to incorporate Rule 5.1 into their arbitration agreement and effect
should be given to this rule in a manner consistent with its incorporation.
Any other interpretation would render its incorporation completely useless. It
would not be respecting party autonomy to consider only clause 71.4 while
ignoring Rule 5.1 or by giving the rule a status subservient to clause 71.4 by
reading it as being subject to clause 71.4. It cannot be correct, as argued by
the defendant, that Rule 5.1 can only be activated where the arbitration
agreement is silent on the number of arbitrators to be appointed. This
contention is not supported by the language of Rule 5.1. The defendant’s
position would be correct only if Rule 5.1 had the qualifying words “Where the
parties have not agreed upon the number of arbitrators” (or such similar
words) which may be found in the equivalent provision in the rules of other
arbitration institutions (see for example, article 8.2 of the International
Chamber of Commerce (“ICC”) Rules, article 5 of the American Arbitration
Association (“AAA”) Rules and article 14(b) of the World Intellectual Property
Organization (“WIPO”) Arbitration Rules).

17 Accordingly, Rule 5.1 should be construed in the following manner:

A sole arbitrator shall be appointed:

(1) unless the parties have agreed otherwise; or

(2) unless it appears to the Registrar of the SIAC giving due regard to any
proposals by the parties, the complexity, the quantum involved or other
relevant circumstances of the dispute, that the dispute warrants the
appointment of three arbitrators.

The default position of a sole arbitrator in Rule 5.1 may therefore be
departed from in either one of the two exceptions set out above.

18 Such an interpretation is fortified by a comparison between the present
Rule 5.1 and its predecessor in Rule 6 of the 2nd edition of the SIAC Rules
(the 1997 version) which was in the following terms:

A sole arbitrator shall be appointed unless the parties have agreed otherwise.

It is obvious that Rule 5.1 introduced an additional circumstance from which
the default position of a sole arbitrator may be departed.

19 This innovative approach in the drafting of Rule 5.1 is progressive. The
draftsperson clearly had the foresight of recognizing the need to aid a bona
fide party who is involved in a large complex case from being held ransom by
an opposing party who is intent on unfairly leveraging on an arbitration
clause providing for a sole arbitrator particularly where that opposing party
is either economically or politically the dominant party within the
geographical bounds of the arbitration venue and which is requesting the
appointment of an arbitrator who is of the same nationality, business and
personal residence as itself. Rule 5.1 provides a remedy by allowing the
Registrar of the SIAC in appropriate cases to fix the number of arbitrators at
three. This is a right conferred by the Rule in addition to the parties’
autonomy in determining the number of arbitrators. By clause 71.4, the parties
have agreed to be bound by the SIAC Rules which include an agreement to confer
such discretion on the Registrar of the SIAC. The incorporation of the SIAC
Rules into the arbitration agreement is therefore also an agreement on the
number of arbitrators, with Rule 5.1 setting out the circumstances in which it
would be appropriate for a sole arbitrator or for a three-member tribunal.

The defendant’s submissions

20 The defendant does not dispute that the 2007 SIAC Rules are incorporated
into Contract 822 by virtue of clause 71.4 but argues that insofar as the
provisions of the said Rules are inconsistent with the express terms of the
parties’ arbitration agreement, the latter must prevail. It cites _PT Tugu
Pratama Indonesia v Magma Nusantara Ltd_ [2003] 4 SLR 257 (“ _PT Tugu Pratama
Indonesia_ ”) where Judith Prakash J at [46] said:

Finally, the agreement of the parties to shift the seat of the arbitration to
Singapore under the SIAC Rules would not permit those rules to overrule the
express terms of the arbitration clause except as expressly assented to.

The parties in that case agreed to refer their dispute to arbitration under
the SIAC Rules only after the dispute had arisen. Notwithstanding this, the
court held that the subsequent agreement incorporating the SIAC Rules was not
sufficient to overrule the parties’ express agreement (on the apportionment of
costs) specified in the original dispute resolution clause.

21 Applying the principle enunciated above, the defendant submits that if Rule
5.1 has a meaning inconsistent with the parties’ agreement in clause 71.4,
then that rule should not apply to the reference to arbitration.

22 The defendant contends that clause 71.4 contains the parties’ agreement to
have a sole arbitrator to decide any dispute between them. The words “an
Arbitrator” are unambiguous and to read them as being synonymous with “a
Tribunal” is to place a strained meaning on them. The context in which they
appear fortifies the position that a sole arbitrator is contemplated in clause
71.4. Should the parties fail to agree on the arbitrator, he will be nominated
by the Chairman of the SIAC. Such an appointment process would not be
applicable to a three-member tribunal. The words “an Arbitrator” were also
accepted in the Malaysian decision of Penang Development Corp v Trikkon
Construction Sdn Bhd [1997] 3 MLJ 115 as meaning a sole arbitrator.

23 The factual background at the time Contract 822 was entered into also
militates against the plaintiff’s contention. The relevant rules at that time
were the 2nd edition of the SIAC Rules made in October 1997. The 2nd edition,
in Rule 6 on “Number of Arbitrators”, merely provided that “A sole arbitrator
shall be appointed unless the parties have agreed otherwise”. There was no
discretion then for the SIAC to appoint a three-member tribunal. If the
parties had intended to leave the issue of the number of arbitrators open for
subsequent agreement, they would have made it patently clear because in the
absence of any agreement to the contrary, a sole arbitrator would be
appointed.

24 The plaintiff’s reliance on clause 1.2 of Contract 822 (see [12] above)
ignores the key phrase “where the context requires” in that clause. Clearly,
not every singular word in the contract can include the plural.

25 The defendant also questions the basis upon which the plaintiff is seeking
the court’s assistance to construe Rule 5.1. This is because Rule 35.2 of the
SIAC Rules provides:

The provisions in these Rules shall insofar as they relate to the powers and
functions of the Tribunal be interpreted by the Tribunal. All other provisions
shall be interpreted by the Registrar.

By incorporating Rule 35.2 into their arbitration agreement, the parties have
agreed that all provisions not relating to the powers and functions of the
Tribunal be interpreted by the Registrar of the SIAC. Rule 5.1 is one such
provision whose interpretation is reserved to the said Registrar. The
plaintiff has evinced by its conduct that it accepted the jurisdiction and
power of the Registrar to interpret Rule 5.1 and, having thus accepted, is
bound by the Registrar’s interpretation of that provision.

26 The defendant does not dispute that Rule 5.1 confers on the Registrar of
the SIAC the power to appoint a three-member tribunal where the parties have
not agreed on the number of arbitrators. It disputes, however, the plaintiff’s
contention that Rule 5.1 empowers the Registrar of the SIAC to override the
parties’ choice of a sole arbitrator. As the Registrar of the SIAC has already
made a pronouncement on the meaning of Rule 5.1 and as the SIAC, being the
body which drafted the SIAC Rules, is in the best position to interpret those
Rules, even if the Registrar’s interpretation is not binding on the parties,
it is at least instructive as to the true construction of Rule 5.1 and should
be given due consideration by the court.

27 The defendant points out that under Rule 6 of the SIAC Rules of 1997 (see
[18] and [23] above), unless the parties had agreed otherwise, the SIAC would
have no power or discretion to appoint a three-member tribunal. This was so
even if the parties had not specified the number of arbitrators to be
appointed.

28 This rigidity under the SIAC Rules of 1997 was mitigated by Rule 5.1 of the
existing Rules. However, the discretion conferred on the Registrar of the SIAC
was not meant to override the parties’ agreement on a sole arbitrator. The
wording of Rule 5.1 does not support the innovative approach advocated by the
plaintiff.

29 The defendant argues that party autonomy is fundamental in arbitration. As
Judith Prakash J said in Bovis Lend Lease Pte Ltd v Jay-Tech Marine & Projects
Pte Ltd and Anor [2005] SGHC 91 at [18]:

One of the most important principles in arbitration law is that of party
autonomy. This is not only reflected in s 23 of the Act but has also been
recognised by this court in _Jurong Engineering Ltd v Black & Veatch Singapore
Pte Ltd_ [2004] 1 SLR 333. Party autonomy means that the parties are free to
decide how their arbitral tribunal is to be constituted and how the
arbitration proper is to be conducted. In this case Bovis and Jay-Tech Marine
were free to select and agree to the role to be played by the SIAC – whether
as appointing authority, account holder, administrator or rule provider. …

30 The general principle that institutional rules only apply subject to the
terms of the parties’ arbitration agreement also militates against any
suggestion that Rule 5.1 was intended to override the express choice of a
single arbitrator. An institutional rule that is inconsistent with the
parties’ agreement will not be enforced (see _PT Tugu Pratama Indonesia_ at
[20] above).

31 The Registrar of the SIAC’s holding and the defendant’s understanding of
the effect of Rule 5.1 are also supported by the commentaries on the SIAC
Rules by other practitioners of international arbitration in Singapore. For
instance, Shearman & Sterling LLP’s “International Arbitration Alert” of 29
May 2007 states:

Importantly, if the parties have not agreed on the number of arbitrators, the
Registrar will have the power to decide that a dispute warrants the
appointment of three arbitrators, taking into account the dispute’s
complexity, sums involved or other relevant circumstances (New Rule 5.1).

The introduction of Rule 5.1 was to bring the SIAC Rules in line with the
practice of other arbitral institutions by conferring the discretion to
appoint three-member tribunals in the absence of agreement by the parties as
to the number of arbitrators.

The letter from SIAC dated 19 February 2008

32 At the close of the first hearing, I invited the parties to make a joint
request to the SIAC to ask whether there were any working materials leading to
the amendment of the SIAC Rules, in particular Rule 5.1, and directed the
parties to make further submissions on such materials if they were available.

33 Pursuant to the parties’ joint request, the SIAC replied on 19 February
2008 as follows:

…

Pursuant to the request, we enclose two draft versions of the relevant
provision and a copy of Rule 6 (Number of Arbitrators) of the SIAC Rules (2nd
Edition, 22 October 1997)(“1997 Rules”). Please note that the provision was
numbered as Rule 6 in the first working draft, and subsequently renumbered
Rule 5.1 in the sixth working draft which was adopted in the final version of
the SIAC Rules (3rd Edition, 1 July 2007)(“2007 Rules”).

Please draw the Court’s attention to the fact that:

Under the 1997 Rules, the default number of arbitrator in the absence of an
agreed number was one.

The words “unless the parties have agreed otherwise” were retained from the
1997 Rules in the 2007 Rules to embody this concept of party autonomy.

The words “… or unless it appears to the Registrar giving due regard to any
proposal by the parties, the complexity, the quantum involved or other
relevant circumstances of the dispute, that the dispute warrants the
appointment of three arbitrators …” were added in the 2007 version to give the
Registrar the power to increase the number of arbitrators to three, instead of
the default rule of one.

In the attached first draft of 13 April 2006, Rule 6 (Number of Arbitrators)
reads:

Unless the parties have agreed otherwise or unless it appears to the Registrar
that the Registrar (sic) the dispute warrants the appointment of three
arbitrators, a sole arbitrator shall be appointed.

The sixth draft of 30 April 2007 has Rule 5.1 appearing in its present form
(see [5] above).

My decision

34 On the preliminary issue of the court’s jurisdiction to interpret Rule 5.1,
it is not disputed that Rule 35.2 of the SIAC Rules does not oust the court’s
jurisdiction to construe an agreement between the parties. As Rule 5.1 has
been incorporated into the contract, it is open to both parties to seek the
court’s construction of Rule 5.1 as one of the terms of the contract.

35 In my opinion, the words “an Arbitrator” in clause 71.4 are no different
from “a single/sole arbitrator” or “one arbitrator”. If the parties had meant
“a tribunal”, with the number of arbitrators remaining to be agreed, they
would have simply stated so. Alternatively, they would have quite easily
provided that their dispute is to be referred to arbitration rather than
specify “an Arbitrator”, a term which in its natural, ordinary meaning means
“one Arbitrator”. The context in which the words appear certainly does not
require that the singular embrace the plural. I find no ambiguity in the said
words and there is therefore no question of applying the _contra proferentum_
rule against the defendant as the drafter of Contract 822. Accordingly, I hold
that the parties have, by virtue of clause 71.4, already agreed on one
arbitrator should mediation fail and their dispute escalate to arbitration.

36 According to the plaintiff, even if clause 71.4 provides for one
arbitrator, when this clause is read with the incorporated Rule 5.1, the
Registrar of the SIAC nevertheless has the discretion to direct that a three-
member tribunal hear the dispute if the circumstances warrant such. As the
plaintiff has emphasized, its complaint is about the Registrar’s failure to
exercise her discretion because of her ruling (see [7] above) rather than the
manner of exercise of discretion.

37 It is conceded by the defendant that “[o]n the face of Rule 5.1 of the2007
SIAC Rules, the interpretations advanced by [the plaintiff] and [the
defendant] are both possible literal interpretations”. Rule 5.1 is not
subsidiary legislation which would be interpreted purposively pursuant to s 9A
of the Interpretation Act (Cap 1, Rev Ed 2002). However, it has been
incorporated into the parties’ contract and commercial contracts such as the
one in this case would be interpreted using a purposive approach (see, for
example, the Court of Appeal’s decision in _Panwah Steel Pte Ltd v Koh
Brothers Building & Civil Engineering Contractor Pte Ltd_ [2006] 4 SLR 571 at
[29] and [31]). As Rule 5.1 is also an institutional rule of the SIAC,
interpreting Rule 5.1 using a purposive approach necessarily includes a
consideration of how the Rule came into being, something akin to studying the
legislative history of an Act of Parliament.

38 Rule 5.1 of the 2007 SIAC Rules has its genesis in Rule 6 of the 1997 SIAC
Rules (see [18] above), which were the Rules in operation when Contract 822
was signed. The words “unless the parties have agreed otherwise” in Rule 6 of
the 1997 SIAC Rules encapsulate the supremacy of party autonomy. This means
that the said Rule 6 set out the default position of a sole arbitrator only
where the parties had not agreed on the number of arbitrators. Where the
number of arbitrators was specified by the parties, there was no occasion to
resort to the said Rule 6 at all.

39 Rule 5.1 also has the words “unless the parties have agreed otherwise”
contained in the said Rule 6. As stated in SIAC’s letter of 19 February 2008
(see [33] above), these words were retained in the present Rules “to embody
this concept of party autonomy”. In Rule 5.1, these words are placed at the
beginning rather than at the tail end of the Rule. The addition of the other
“unless” was merely to mitigate the rigidity of the said default position of a
sole arbitrator by conferring on the Registrar of the SIAC the discretion to
appoint three arbitrators where the circumstances warrant such. In my opinion,
the SIAC intended the Registrar to have such discretion only where the parties
have not specified the number of arbitrators in their agreement, although,
like the defendant, I could not dismiss outright the literal interpretation
proffered by the plaintiff. I do not think the SIAC, mindful and respectful of
party autonomy in arbitration, intended for its Registrar to have the power to
override the clear wishes of the parties expressed in their agreement on the
number of arbitrators, which in this case was one arbitrator.

40 A comparison of the drafts of Rule 5.1 with the Rules of other arbitral
institutions indicates that the words “warrants the appointment of three
arbitrators” were borrowed from Article 8.2 of the Rules of Arbitration of the
ICC (in force from 1 January 1998) which states:

Where the parties have not agreed upon the number of arbitrators, the Court
shall appoint a sole arbitrator, save where it appears to the Court that the
dispute is such as to warrant the appointment of three arbitrators. ……

The defendant submits that this strongly suggests that the SIAC, in modifying
Rule 6 of the 1997 SIAC Rules, was clearly moving towards the ICC model, which
has a default position of one arbitrator unless the appointing authority is of
the view that three arbitrators are warranted but only where the number of
arbitrators has not been agreed in the first place.

41 Further, the SIAC, in the process of refining Rule 5.1 to its present form,
appeared to have borrowed from the wording in Article 5 of the AAA arbitration
rules and in Article 14 of the WIPO arbitration rules. Article 5 of the AAA
arbitration rules reads:

If the parties have not agreed on the number of arbitrators, one arbitrator
shall be appointed unless the administrator determines in its discretion that
three arbitrators are appropriate because of the large size, complexity or
other circumstances of the case.

Article 14 of the WIPO arbitration rules provides:

(a) The Tribunal shall consist of such number of arbitrators as has been
agreed by the parties.

(b) Where the parties have not agreed on the number of arbitrators, the
Tribunal shall consist of a sole arbitrator, except where the Center in its
discretion determines that, in view of all the circumstances of the case, a
Tribunal composed of three members is appropriate.

Hence, the defendant submits, although the first draft and the final version
of Rule 5.1 do not use identical expressions as the ICC, AAA and WIPO rules
set out above, the intention of the SIAC to preserve party autonomy remains
intact by its retention of the words “Unless the parties have agreed
otherwise” at the start of Rule 5.1.

42 The defendant’s arguments are not without difficulty as the SIAC did not
choose to word Rule 5.1 in the same way as the cited counterparts of the other
arbitral organizations. As the plaintiff has retorted forcefully:

If the SIAC had such a fixed intention that the rule was only applicable when
the clause is silent on the number of arbitrators, and if the SIAC was looking
for inspiration to other rules to express this intention (as to all of which
the SIAC itself has not given evidence) then it defies comprehension why the
SIAC did not borrow the entire language from those Rules since that would have
achieved the precise effect that the [defendant] contends for.

…

The evolution of Rule 5.1 from that first draft to the sixth draft (dated 30
April 2006) was merely to articulate the specific circumstances that the
Registrar ought to consider when exercising that discretion, so defining the
limits of the discretion.

It is significant to note the absence of Rule 5.2 to Rule 5.5 from the former
Rule 6. These rules which confer wide powers on the SIAC all appeared to have
been introduced together.

…

The argument on inconsistency is the obverse of the argument on party
autonomy. In the present contract they both fail because the [defendant] does
not appreciate what the clear and obvious meaning of both the old and new rule
was and further it does not appreciate that a party to the exercise of its
autonomy may agree to yield on certain matters to the SIAC’s discretion and
this is expressly seen in Rule 5 of the 2007 Rules. This is a specific choice
made by the parties unlike the position with the Domestic Rules which were
criticized and then repealed as they were capable of being applied even if not
specifically chosen.

43 Despite the compelling arguments put up by the plaintiff, I think the
better view is that Rule 5.1 has no application where the parties have agreed
on the number of arbitrators. The former Rule 6 was changed to its present
form in Rule 5.1 only to facilitate the appointment of three arbitrators
instead of the inflexible position of one arbitrator in default, _i.e._ in the
absence of parties’ agreement on the number of arbitrators. It was never meant
to apply where an agreement on the number of arbitrators already exists, much
less to override that agreement. I therefore prefer and accept the defendant’s
interpretation of Rule 5.1.

44 In any event, I do not think that it was within the parties’ contemplation
that their agreement in clause 71.4 on a sole arbitrator would be subject to
the power of the Registrar of the SIAC to direct otherwise. When Contract 822
was made between the parties, Rule 6 of the 1997 SIAC Rules was in force and,
as mentioned earlier, there was no need to even refer to it at that time as it
was not applicable to the parties who had already agreed on one arbitrator in
the event of a dispute. Rule 5.1, as the successor rule to the said Rule 6, if
read in the way the plaintiff has contended, would not merely have provided
the procedure for the arbitration. It would alter quite fundamentally the
parties’ agreement on the arbitral tribunal.

45 Accordingly, even if the plaintiff is correct in its interpretation of Rule
5.1, I would still hold that its incorporation into the parties’ agreement
does not have the effect of overriding their express intention to have only
one arbitrator to determine their dispute. The agreement of the parties to
incorporate the SIAC Rules, even though stated to be those for the time being
in force, does not permit those rules to override the express term of the
arbitration clause (on a sole arbitrator) except as expressly assented to,
and, in my view, clause 71.4 does not show that the parties have agreed to
allow the SIAC Rules to take precedence over their agreement. Reading clause
71.4 and Rule 5.1 together (the latter in the manner interpreted by the
plaintiff) in a commercially sensible way, it is my opinion that clause 71.4
takes precedence over and overrides Rule 5.1.

46 For the above reasons, I dismissed this originating summons. As the
plaintiff’s arguments could not be said to be completely unsustainable, it was
agreed between the parties that costs of this originating summons be reserved
to the arbitrator in the arbitration proceedings.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 28 Oct 2008 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

