Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Tan Yu Min Winston (by his next friend Tan Cheng Tong) v Uni-Fruitveg Pte
Ltd  
[2008] SGHC 123

Case Number | : | Suit 859/2004, RA 195/2008  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 01 August 2008  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Chan Seng Onn J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Ramasamy K Chettiar (Acies Law Corporation) for the plaintiff; Mahendra Prasad Rai (Cooma & Rai) for the defendant   
Parties | : |  Tan Yu Min Winston (by his next friend Tan Cheng Tong) — Uni-Fruitveg Pte Ltd   
  
Damages – Measure of damages – Personal injuries cases – Assessment of damages
– Head injuries from road traffic accident – Appeal from Registrar to judge in
chambers – Whether component or global approach to assessment – Whether to
substitute exercise of discretion  
  

1 August 2008 |   
---|---  
  
Chan Seng Onn J:

1 The plaintiff sustained serious head injuries in a road traffic accident on
31 July 2003. Interlocutory judgment was obtained on 12 January 2005 against
the defendant with damages to be assessed and costs to be reserved to the
registrar.

2 The plaintiff was 13 years old at the time of the accident and a student in
secondary 1. At the time of the assessment in May 2008, he was aged 17 and a
student at Temasek Polytechnic.

3 The particulars of the personal injuries in the plaintiff’s claim were based
on the medical reports of three doctors attached to the statement of claim:

(a) Dr Charles Seah, the Senior Consultant and Neurosurgeon, Department of
Surgery at Changi General Hospital;

(b) Dr Ho Ching Lin, the Associate Consultant, Division of Ophthalmology at
Changi General Hospital; and

(c) Dr Karen Chua, Consultant, Department of Rehabilitation Medicine, Tan Tock
Seng Hospital.

Medical Report of Dr Charles Seah

4 In his medical report dated 5 September 2003, Dr Charles Seah stated that
the plaintiff was admitted to Changi General Hospital after the accident with
the following injuries:

(a) The left eye globe was ruptured with severe oedema surrounding tissue.

(b) There were multiple lacerations over the face with bleeding from the
nostrils and mouth due to multiple nasal bone fractures and an orbital bone
fracture.

(c) CT head scan showed a left temporal extradural haematoma with subdural and
traumatic subarachnoidale haematoma and brain oedema and brain contusion.

5 An operation was done to remove the blood clot and the bone flap. Suture and
toilet facial lacerations, packet nasal bleeding and repair of the ruptured
left eye globe were done by the eye surgeon.

6 After the operation, the plaintiff’s condition improved gradually and he
regained his consciousness. He was able to see but with blurring of vision.
Occasionally, the plaintiff became violent and he developed some depression.
Neurosurgically, the plaintiff required to be followed-up for 6 to 12 months
and his bone flap needed replacement.

Medical Report of Dr Ho Ching Lin

7 Dr Ho Ching Lin in her medical report dated 31 October 2003 described her
treatment and prognosis, and assessed the multiple injuries to both eyes
sustained by the plaintiff to be as follows:

(a) Multiple lid lacerations were repaired on 31 July 2003. The plaintiff had
visible scars as well as mild left lagophthalmos with no exposure keratopathy.

(b) Left globe was ruptured. There was a stellate corneal laceration with loss
of a significant portion of the iris tissue in the left eye at the time of the
injury. Prolapse of vitreous gel through the corneal wound was observed at the
time of primary repair. Toilet and suture of the corneal laceration, as well
as limited vitrectomy and anterior chamber reformation was performed on 31
July 2003. He has a left traumatic aniridia with only a residual stump of iris
from 10 to 3 o’clock.

(c) There was a right traumatic optic neuropathy with optic atrophy.

(d) There was bilateral choroidal rupture with right vitreous haemorrhage and
left sub-retinal haemorrhage. The right vitreous haemorrhage was still present
in the inferior portion of the right posterior segment and was bleached. The
left sub-retinal haemorrhage had resolved. Crescentric scars at the site of
the choroidal ruptures were seen at the posterior pole of both eyes. A risk of
later development of sub-retinal neovascular membranes associated with these
ruptures exists.

(e) There was a right traumatic cataract. Anterior and posterior sub-capsular
opacities of the right crystalline lens were seen secondary to the blunt
trauma.

(f) At the last ophthalmic outpatient review on 17 October 2003, the plaintiff
had unaided visual acuities of 6/18 in both eyes, which pinholed to 6/12p on
the right and 6/9p on the left. There was no anterior segment inflammation and
the intraocular pressures were normal. The left corneal sutures were intact.
Bleached vitreous haemorrhage was seen in the right eye.

Medical Report of Dr Karen Chua

8 In Dr Karen Chua’s medical report dated 18 October 2004, she gave an
overview of the injuries of the plaintiff, his treatment, rehabilitation and
the progress he achieved in his recovery from the injuries, including the
condition of the plaintiff as at 22 June 2004. She wrote:

The above named suffered severe traumatic brain injuries at the age of 13 on
31 July 2003 after being involved in a road accident as a front seat belted
passenger. He had a left temporal extradural haematoma with craniotomy and
evacuation, rupture of the left eye, tear of the right eye retina, multiple
facial lacerations and multiple nasal bone fractures and orbital wall
fractures.

He completed inpatient rehabilitation at TTSH rehabilitation centre from 22
August 2003 to 2 September 2003. He had emerged from post traumatic amnesia
after 1 month duration and was discharged functionally independent with
residual emotional liability.

I have reviewed him as an outpatient at TTSH rehabilitation centre on 30
September 2003, 22 December 2003, 30 March 2004, and 22 June 2004. He has
returned to school (secondary 2 express stream) since January 2004 and has
scored borderline results since his head trauma. He has functional vision with
refractive glasses and has hypermmetropia. He had plastic surgery for facial
scar reduction and eyelid repositioning, elective cranioplasty to replace his
bone flap in December 2003.

He is independent in the community and has slowed processing and impaired
memory retrieval. He requires anti-depressant therapy for agitated depression
and anger management. He has responded positively to this medical management
and psychological counseling. Detailed cognitive testing on 30 March 2004
using the Weschler Intelligence Scale for Children showed overall low average
performance on all cognitive domains and this represents a significant
reduction from estimated premorbid status. He has reduced insight into his
deficits and problems with high level planning.

In summary, he has suffered residual cognitive and behavioural deficits
following severe head injury in 2003 and has facial scarring and visual
impairment from bilateral eye trauma.

He will continue to benefit from remedial tutoring at the school level,
psychological counseling and psychiatric interventions at the Child Guidance
Clinic at IMH. Please obtain detailed reports from his plastic and eye
surgeons and psychiatrists.

Other Medical Reports

9 To help understand the extent and permanence of the plaintiff’s injuries,
the progress of the plaintiff in his recovery from the severe head injuries
and how the injuries affected the plaintiff, counsel for the plaintiff very
helpfully summarised the other reports from various doctors in his submissions
as follows, which I had carefully considered:

(d)  PB10 – This report is dated 10.1.05 from Dr. Daniel Fung a Consultant
Psychiatrist at IMH. Dr. Fung noted that the Plaintiff has poor anger control.
Neuropsychological testing revealed below average function in memory and
verbal skills. The poor anger management may be related to several factors,
the serious brain injury to the temporal lobe which is associated with
emotional control, the cosmetic injuries which make the Plaintiff the subject
of teasing and ridicule, as well as his having to cope with educational
demands, which is made difficult by missing half a year in school in 2003. The
Plaintiff is diagnosed to have a head injury resulting in memory and
temperamental changes. He is currently placed on medication at night to help
control his anger and is being seen for individual counselling by a medical
social worker. Due to the Plaintiff’s poor verbal memory, he has suggested to
teachers that they employ new memory strategies using visual cues which can
utilise his fairly intact visual memory and help him learn better.

(e) PB11-14 – This is the neuropsychological report done on 19.4.04 by Ong Li
Min. Under opinion at PB14, it is reported that the test results indicated
mild intellectual decline, particularly in verbal reasoning skills, as well as
specific impairment in verbal memory and verbal fluency, with other aspects of
cognitive functioning being generally consistent with pre-morbid intellectual
and cognitive functioning. The Plaintiff’s parents and teachers will need
patience and understand that he may currently have more difficulties in the
areas of impairment which affect his academic performance. Stress and anger
management skills may help the Plaintiff cope with his frustrations and adjust
to the changes that he has to face after the accident.

(f) PB15 – This report from Dr. Por dated 29.6.05 shows that the Plaintiff
sustained nasoethmoid orbital fractures. As of that date the Plaintiff had
bone graft reconstruction of cranioplasty defect, frontal sinus, bilateral
medial orbital walls and transnasal canthopexy. More treatment will be
required for orbital deformity.

(g) PB52-53 – This is a memo from Ms. Judy Yap (psychologist). She noted that
the Plaintiff has visual problems and has requested the school teacher to
allow the Plaintiff to be seated at the front of the class so that he is able
to see the blackboard. Ms. Yap also evaluated the Plaintiff for exam stress.
She observed that the Plaintiff’s method of learning was by memorisation
rather than meaningfully understanding the material. This could explain his
difficulties in learning some of the subjects that require conceptual
processing of the information.

(h) PB55 – This is a memo from Dr. Charles Seah dated 21.2.06. It is stated
that the Plaintiff sustained a right eye traumatic cataract and vocal cord
injury (one side not functioning). Dr. Seah asks that the Plaintiff be allowed
an extra hour for all examinations as he requires a longer time to read and
answer all questions on the paper.

(i) PB58 – This is a memo from Dr. Annette Ang dated 19.9.06. In this report
it was noted that the Plaintiff had right vocal cord palsy after his head
injury. Though his recovery is good, he may still have difficulty pronouncing
certain words.

(j) PB60-61 – This report dated 10.11.06 is from Dr. Karen Chua of TTSH. It
was noted that the Plaintiff’s anger management has improved with medication
and counselling. The Plaintiff is now going to sit for his GCE ‘O’ level
examinations. Dr. Chua has said that the Plaintiff was given 25% extra time in
a quiet place for optimal examination conditions. The Plaintiff has problems
with memory and understanding of facts though according to his mother his
anger has improved. _The Plaintiff is receiving private tuition at home, which
has helped_. Dr. Chua noted that the Plaintiff had weaker attention span and
vocabulary knowledge (English). In addition his processing speed was severely
impaired. The Plaintiff tended to learn by memorisation rather than by
understanding the facts first. In conclusion the Plaintiff suffers moderate
residual cognitive impairments from his head injury particularly in the areas
of verbal comprehension, processing speed and attention to tasks. His
increased anger and reduced ability to cope with stress and frustration are
also consequent from his brain injury affecting the temporal lobe and also
compounded by his facial appearance. These deficits are likely to be long-term
and permanent. Dr. Chua recommends that the Plaintiff be allowed access to
clinical and psychological therapy and counselling at TTSH Rehabilitation
Centre for 2-3 times a year at an approximate cost of $500 per year and an
annual rehabilitation review with her at $50 per year until he completes his
basic education. The Plaintiff’s performance and grades have been affected by
his head injury and it is evident that functional capacity, multi-tasking,
ability to manage academic stress and processing speed are reduced despite his
nearly average IQ scores. She recommends that the Plaintiff has access to
appropriate remedial classes, private tuition, stress management or mind
mapping classes to help him improve his academic performance and factual
analysis as his parents have limited resources.

(k)_PB62 – This report from the Consultant Psychiatrist, Dr. Daniel Fung dated
10.11.06 shows that the Plaintiff has a head injury resulting in memory and
temperamental changes. This has been a continuing problem. Dr. Fung has tried
to wean the Plaintiff off his medications but his temper continues to be a
problem. The Plaintiff has been verbally and physically assaultative towards
his family, in particular towards his younger brother.

(l) PB64 – Dr. Charles Seah in his report dated 14.11.06 says that the
Plaintiff has severe head injury and was operated several times [sic]. The
damage to his brain would cause multiple long term problems. This includes
impairments with cognitive function, behaviour changes and memory
concentration. As a result his academic performance is likely to be affected.

(m) PB66 – This is a report dated 26.12.06 from Dr. Andrew Tay from SGH. He is
a plastic surgeon and he has recommended that further surgeries to correct the
facial deformities are required. The estimated cost of surgical treatment and
follow-up care is approximately $25,000. Despite surgical correction, it is
likely that there will be residual permanent facial deformities and scars.

(n) PB68 – This report is from Dr. Ho King Hee dated 20.4.06. Dr. Ho is a
Consultant Neurologist. At PB70 Dr. Ho sets out the Plaintiff’s complaints
which are change of voice due to vocal cord paralysis, poor vision in both
eyes worse on the left side, scarring of the scalp with persistent inability
of hair to grow from the scalp areas, shortness of temper and a tendency to
violence, total loss of the sense of smell, diminished memory. At PB71 Dr. Ho
has particularised the multiple scars. Under opinion Dr. Ho said that the
Plaintiff sustained multiple severe facial and ocular injuries. He had severe
head injuries with intra cranial bleeding requiring life saving surgery. There
was prolonged post-traumatic amnesia. The injuries had left him with cosmetic
deficits, impaired vision as well as cognitive, mood and memory problems.
There is persistent right vocal cord injury and total anosmia (complete loss
of smell). These deficits should be regarded as permanent and unlikely to
improve further. Dr. Ho went on to say that the degree of permanent memory and
cognitive deficits are consistent with the severe head injury that the
Plaintiff sustained. Given that the Plaintiff’s appearance has improved
slightly, his intellectual function is still not normal, and some permanent
impact on his academic performance is expected. It is likely that the
Plaintiff would be unable to handle multiple tasks at once and he would also
have problems responding in a flexible manner to new situations. This will
imply that he will only be able to perform simple repetitive jobs. As regards
employability, the Plaintiff’s impaired vision would not allow him to work in
an area where fine visual work is required. Furthermore the Plaintiff’s poorly
controlled temper and mood disturbance would make it difficult for him to work
as part of a team. His cosmetic deficits and speech difficulties would be a
disadvantage when applying for positions requiring face to face contact or
speak with customers [sic]. His inability to smell would make a position in
the food and beverage industry very difficult.

(o) PB78-79 – This is a specialist report from Dr. Chuah Chin Tek of CGH. Dr.
Chuah is a consultant in the division of Ophthalmology. In his report dated
9.2.07, he has given further details of the eye problems faced by the
Plaintiff. In respect of the left eye, the Plaintiff is likely to complain of
photo phobia (a condition of dislike of light). The right traumatic cataract
has reduced the visual acuity to the level at the present moment. The multiple
lid lacerations that he sustained and which were repaired as a result of the
scarring process had caused the inability to close his eyes, resulting in
slight cornea exposure. With reference to the right traumatic cataract, he has
recommended a cataract extraction which would cost approximately $2,500 to
$2,900. Due to the loss of the iris, it would result in the Plaintiff
complaining of bright light all the time and sometimes find it a nuisance and
may even affect his concentration [sic].

(p) Page 54 of PBMR – This is the second report of Dr. Ho dated 4.9.07. Dr. Ho
noted the following complaints –

i. Eye - Blurred vision worse on the left side. This symptom is intermittently
worse possibly because he spent more time in front of a computer screen in his
IT course.

ii. Headaches – 2 to 3 times a month, more on the left than the right side.
Episodes lasted up to 1 hour and had to be treated with medication. The
headaches were severe in intensity (pain in the medical rating scale of
6-7/10). The headaches were associated with nausea and giddiness. He felt more
giddy with exposure to bright sunlight.

iii. Pain in the upper abdominal scar resulting from an operation in February
2007 to replace the tissue at the bridge of his nose. The pain was graded as
6-7/10 in intensity.

iv. Disturbed sleep.

v. Change of voice with slurring when he speaks quickly.

vi. Shortness of temper and still tended to be violent and physically abusive.

vii. Total loss of the sense of smell.

viii. His memory was slightly better and that is because he had to write
everything down in order to retain facts.

ix. The Plaintiff still has gastric pains on and off but these were not
frequent or severe.

x. Dr. Ho administered the mental state examination and found that the score
represents a deterioration from the score 10 months ago. In conclusion Dr. Ho
found that the Plaintiff had frequent post traumatic headaches that have not
improved from the time of the accident. He agrees with the Defendant’s medical
expert on the nature and permanence of these disabilities.

xi. As regards employability, Dr. Ho says that the Plaintiff is still not able
to handle multi-task at once and to respond in a flexible manner to new
situations. However the Plaintiff would be more likely to be able to perform a
job that will involve a moderate level of complexity rather than only simple,
repetitive jobs.

q) PA29 – This is the report of Dr. Lai Chan See dated 23.10.07. In his
report, Dr. Lai sets out the complaints of the Plaintiff. At PA31 Dr. Lai sets
out the 9 scars in this case which are of various sizes and shapes. Dr. Lai is
an Occupational Health Consultant and he was called to give his assessment as
to the Plaintiff’s ability and fitness to work. Dr. Lai noted that the
Plaintiff’s preferred course of study was in design but because of his poor
vision he was advised against this and instead was admitted to the Temasek
Polytechnic for a course in Information Technology. After graduation he hopes
to make a career in computer software design and programming. Dr. Lai observed
that the scope of his work in these fields would depend much on the nature and
size of the organisation he joins. While narrower specialisation would be
possible in bigger companies, in smaller organisations he would be expected to
function in multiple roles. In the Plaintiff’s chosen field of software design
and programming, the software designer has to find out what the customer or
end-user wants, and then determine the technical specifications that can
fulfil these requirements. From these specifications the programmer writes the
computer programs necessary to achieve the completion of tasks to the
customers’ satisfaction. At various stages there is a need to interact with
end-users and other programmers as larger projects will involve integration of
programs that can function seamlessly as a whole. Customers often have high
expectations and set tight deadlines so that software designers and
programmers have to be able to manage this without being subjected to undue
stress. The work of a software designer and programmer requires logical
thinking and analytical skills, and computing can also be visually demanding.
After noting the Plaintiff’s handicaps, Dr. Lai concluded that it would be
difficult for the Plaintiff to cope with the demands of a software designer or
programmer. In school, the Plaintiff has been accommodated with extra time
during examinations but in the competitive commercial world such benevolence
may not be so easily forthcoming. In the further reports of Dr. Lai, he has
evaluated the percentage of permanent disability of the Plaintiff. Comparing
the various tests done to ascertain the loss of vision, Dr. Lai has opined
that it would not be wrong to take a percentage of impairment between 49% and
51%.

The defence

10 Defendant’s counsel submitted that it was not disputed that the plaintiff
suffered from the following injuries in the unfortunate accident:

(a) severe head injury with left temporal extradural haematoma and
subarachnoid haematoma associated with brain contusion and oedema;

(b) rupture of the left eye global with corneal laceration and loss of a
significant part of the iris and choroidal rupture as well as sub-retinal
haemorrhage;

(c) right eye choroidal rupture and vitreous haemorrhage;

(d) multiple facial lacerations with bleeding from the nostrils and mouth; and

(e) Multiple fractures of the nasal and orbital bones.

11 However, counsel contended that the plaintiff made a good recovery and his
current disabilities were as follows:

(a) Loss of sense of smell;

(b) Right traumatic cataract and optic neuropathy with optic atrophy;

(c) Left lagophthalmos with corneal opacity at 7 to 8 o’clock position; and

(d) Right vocal cord paralysis with no significant effect on his voice.

12 Counsel for the defendant submitted that the correct approach was to make a
global award for general damages, which would take into account the composite
effect of all the injuries to the same part of the body _i.e._ the head. In
this way, overcompensation for the common pain and suffering connected with
all the injuries could be avoided.

Pain, suffering and loss of amenities

13 The Assistant Registrar, Tan Wen Hsien (“AR”), who heard the witnesses and
assessed the damages at the first instance noted that the plaintiff had
suffered multiple lacerations over the face, and had multiple fractures over
the nasal bone and orbital bone. He had haematomas and brain contusion. He
also suffered injuries to the eye, leaving him with poor vision and frequent
tearing. He suffered a reduction in memory and IQ, with a deficit in high
level planning. There was also resultant mood and memory change in the
plaintiff. The AR also took into account the plaintiff’s young age at the time
of the accident. While the injuries were certainly serious in nature, the AR
noted however that he had healed well from most of them and the residual
damage to the plaintiff was not unmanageable.

14 The AR then awarded a total figure of $90,000 for the collective injuries
to the head region using the global approach. In doing so, she had made
adjustments to take account of any overlapping injuries/amounts. The global
award of $90,000 for the head injuries covered the pain and suffering for the
fractures and other injuries, scarring to the head and face region, loss of
smell, impairment of mental capacity and mood, and the eye injuries.

**Component approach versus the global approach to assessment**

15 I did not think that the AR’s approach to make one global award for all the
injuries to the head would _per se_ be wrong. But without breaking the
discrete injuries down into its manageable components, it would be much more
difficult to arrive at an appropriate and fair award for the damages and it
might lead to an undercompensation or overcompensation as a result.
Furthermore, were the court to look towards precedent cases for assistance, it
would also be much harder to find similar cases or comparables with matching
or similar injuries to the head as a whole (i.e. on a global basis) than on a
component basis, and the court might then have to decide without the benefit
of the precedent cases. This of course was not the main reason why I chose not
to use the global basis of award for the injuries to the head in this case.

16 The component approach was preferable largely because the multiple injuries
to the head spawned a discrete loss of several important distinct and separate
functions and amenities, which were located there. After making an assessment
based on the component approach, it would still be useful to total up the
component awards and perform a further check on (a) whether the aggregate
amount awarded for the injuries to the head as a whole remained reasonable and
was not excessive; and (b) whether some discounting or adjustment would be
needed in case there was some degree of overlapping (for instance where two or
more of the injuries were in so close physical proximity to each other that
the pain would not likely be distinguishable by the plaintiff although the
injuries resulted in a loss of separate functions).

17 In the human body, many sensory faculties are located on the head: the eyes
for the sight function; the ears for the hearing function; the nose for the
smell function; the tongue for the taste function; and the vocal cord for the
speech function. A loss or degradation in the performance of each of these
important faculties represents a separate and discrete loss of amenities, each
with its own attendant pain and suffering experienced by the plaintiff (which
includes, _inter alia_ , not only the physical pain, its duration, the degree
of permanence of that injury or disability, the inconvenience associated with
the loss of that function and the debilitating effects of that disability, but
also the mental anxiety and anguish, fear, embarrassment, frustration, and the
further pain and suffering from future operations or medical treatments, if
any, to correct the disability or improve the condition), which is quite
separate from the head injuries to the brain, the skull and other bone
structures in the head.

18 Accordingly, for injuries to the head which result in loss or degradation
in the performance of each one of these important sensory faculties, I would
be inclined to adopt the component approach in awarding the damages.

19 Having said that, I must stress that at the component level of the eyes and
the ears, one should generally assess the damages or loss on a global basis
for each of these two sets of components (which nature had fortunately
provided the human body in pairs) and not on the basis that the left eye is
one component, the right eye is another component, or that the left ear is one
component and the right ear is another component. It would be wrong to simply
double the compensation for the loss of both eyes based on the quantum that
would normally be awarded for the loss of the function in one eye. Similarly,
for the ears, the global approach would be necessary as the composite effect
of the loss of hearing in both ears is far greater than the aggregate for the
loss of hearing in each ear if independently assessed.

20 After a consideration of the totality of the medical evidence in this case,
I assessed the damages separately (based on the approach that I had set out
above) for the total loss of smell, the vocal cord injury, the eye injuries,
the scars and facial disfigurement, and the other “head injuries” which were
principally related to the injuries to the brain and the fractures to the
skull and other bone structures in the head.

21 I varied and increased the award of the AR for pain, suffering and loss of
amenities to $173,000.00 made up as follows:

(a) |  Head injuries |  – |  $90,000.00  
---|---|---|---  
(b) |  Total loss of smell |  – |  $18,000.00  
(c) |  Vocal cord injury |  – |  $10,000.00  
(d) |  Eye injuries |  – |  $40,000.00  
(e) |  Scars & facial disfigurement |  – |  $15,000.00  
  
**$90,000 awarded for the other “head injuries”**

22 The impairment or degradation of the critical brain organ arising from an
accident injury may affect the thinking processes, the memory and other
analytical functions. The brain injury may, _inter alia_ , cause loss of
consciousness, memory impairment, mood swings, depression, amnesia, cognitive
deterioration, impairment of spatial memory, short and long term visual
memory, residual cognitive dysfunction resulting in borderline full scale IQ
and so on.

23 Depending on the facts and circumstances of each case, the brain damage
may, for example, also result in the impairment or loss of use of the limbs,
the hands or the feet through paralysis. If so, then the resulting loss or
impairment of the use of the limbs, though it might have originated from the
same injury to the brain as a whole, would have to be separately compensated.
Indeed, the human body in particular the brain is extremely complex, to put it
mildly.

24 The proper way of damage assessment is not to look merely at the initiating
injury, but rather at what are the real and definable manifestations of that
initiating injury. Head injuries to the brain in my view should be judged in
terms of the resulting deficits arising from that injury, and each of these
deficits ought to be separately awarded.

25 The correct and perhaps more scientific way to look at the head injuries to
the brain resulting from an accident is to properly classify them into the
following three separate domains: structural, psychological and cognitive.

1\. “Structural” injury (e.g brain oedema, subdural, extradural subarachnoid
haematoma, brain contusion, loss of consciousness), which is the
specialisation of neurosurgeons;

2\. “Psychological” injury (e.g. depression, mood swings, anger, anxiety),
which is the specialisation of psychiatrists; and

3\. “Cognitive” impairment – (e.g. loss of spatial, visual, long and short
term memory, intellect (in terms of IQ), learning ability), which is the
specialisation of clinical psychologists.

26 The deficits in each of the above domains are clearly separate and
distinguishable and in my view should be assessed separately if it is possible
to do so. I can see another benefit that this approach can bring from an
evidentiary point of view. I believe that it will be clearer and more
streamlined for the experts from each of the three different specialisations
to give evidence within their own specialisation as to the degree of pain,
suffering and loss of amenities due separately to the “structural” injury, the
“psychological” injury and the “cognitive” impairment arising from the
accident injury, trauma or damage to the brain. Quantification of the loss for
each of the three quite different types of injuries can then be made.

27 However, I would not attempt to do so for this case because (a) counsel at
the hearing of the assessment had not led expert evidence with such an
approach in mind; (b) the focus during the hearing was more on a global
assessment; and (c) I did not have the benefit of counsel’s submissions for
the assessment of the pain, suffering and loss of amenities for the head
injuries to the brain based on each of the above three separate domains. As
such, I would stick with the assessment of damages on a “global” basis for the
head injuries to the brain based on the three domains **_collectively_**.

28 To assist me in making a global award for the other “head injuries”
comprising mainly the injuries to the brain (assessed collectively) together
with the fractures to the skull and other bone structures in the head, counsel
referred me to the following comparables which were conveniently complied in a
tabular form in _Practitioners’ Library: Assessment of Damages: Personal
Injuries and Fatal Accidents_ (Lexis-Nexis, 2nd Ed, 2005).

29 In _Ang Siam Hua v Teo Cheng Hoe_ [2004] SGHC 147, the award for pain and
suffering for head injuries (including memory impairment, loss of
consciousness for 16 days, and an injury to the temporal lobes of the brain
triggering fits and post-traumatic epilepsy, with a 5 to 10% chance of relapse
even when on a life-long course of anti-convalescents) was $50,000 based on a
global award. The award for visual impairment in the left eye (traumatic
subluxated cataract, with at least 180 degrees of angle recession and visual
blurring with 4 to 9% risk of developing glaucoma in the left eye) was
$15,000.

30 In _Muhamad Illyas bin Mirza Abdul Hamid v Kwek Khim Hui_ [2004] SGHC 12,
the plaintiff was awarded a global amount of $80,000 taking into account the
memory loss, diffuse axonal brain injury (where he was admitted in coma, with
Glasgow Coma Scale of 8), right orbital wall fracture, right malar fracture
and bilateral mandible lower jaw fractures. He had to re-learn many basic
skills including speech. He also suffered from depression and a deterioration
of memory.

31 In _Teo Seng Kiat v Goh Hwa Teck_ [2003] 1 SLR 333, the male 25 year old
accident victim was awarded (a) $90,000 for pain and suffering for head
injuries (comprising right extradural and parietal subdural haematomas,
impaired olfactory sense on the right, residual mild right hemiparesis,
impaired verbal memory and complex calculation skills, 20% permanent
disabilities of his high level cognitive functions); and (b) $10,000 for his
reduced sense of smell by the assistant registrar. Counsel for the plaintiff
(who represented one of the parties in that case) informed me that on appeal,
Selvam J reduced the award for the head injuries from $90,000 to $72,000, and
also lowered the award for the reduced sense of smell from $10,000 to $8,000
but this was not apparent in the judgment of the reported case.

32 After considering the above comparables and after taking into account the
fact that those awards of damages were made several years earlier and hence,
some adjustments due to inflation must be made, I decided that a fair and
appropriate global amount to award for the other “head injuries” was $90,000,
as the present case was not too dissimilar from that of _Teo Seng Kiat_.

Loss of earning capacity

33 The plaintiff confirmed that he was an average student before the accident
and he continued to fare as an average student after the accident. He also
conceded that there were many students in his class who performed worse than
him, although they did not suffer from similar disabilities.

34 After the accident, the plaintiff’s performance was reasonably good. He
passed his GCE ‘O’ Levels with fairly good results, including a “B” grade for
mathematics. In his polytechnic course, he received an “A” for computing
mathematics, although it was an analytical and not an easy subject at the
polytechnic level. For his academic year 2007/2008, the plaintiff secured 1
“A” and 3 “B”s out of 8 subjects in the October semester term of his
polytechnic studies. His cumulative grade point average for the April and
October semesters was 2.76, which was between “Good” and “Competent” under the
system of classification of the polytechnic. As the maximum or the perfect
cumulative grade point was 4, a grade point average of 2.76 was to my mind a
slightly above average performance in comparison with other students in the
same course as the plaintiff.

35 The plaintiff had no tuition to assist him, which showed that he had the
ability and drive to learn by himself. It also indicated that the plaintiff
had recovered fairly well in respect of his ability to study and pass his
examinations, and it further underlined the fact that the plaintiff might
continue to do well for the remainder of his course (provided of course he
does not wallow in self-pity but he continues to put in reasonable effort and
work reasonably hard in line with his duty to mitigate his loss). In my view,
his residual disabilities from the accident should not be a major stumbling
block preventing him from making further progress and achieving his employment
goals. If there was any severe and permanent memory loss or mental handicap, I
doubt he would be able to achieve the slightly above average grades in the
polytechnic which he did. I accepted that perhaps he would need a longer time
to commit facts to memory than a normal person and he would need a longer time
to perform analytical tasks, but he would at least be able to overcome those
residual handicaps. I did not believe that the plaintiff was labouring under
any severe and permanent mental handicap.

36 Counsel for the defendant submitted that the course on Information
Technology (IT) that the plaintiff was attending is a very popular course with
huge potential. Temasek Polytechnic’s website promoted the course as follows:

**The Course**

In this course, you will learn to create your own software programs such as
instant messaging, personal blogs, computer games and build your very own
e-commerce websites to buy, sell and do other transactions. You will also be
able to effectively lead, define, design and implement business improvement
projects in banking and finance, sales and marketing, trade and logistics, as
well as technopreneurship sectors.

**…**

**Career Opportunities**

The Infocomm Development Authority has forecast a steady growth in demand for
IT professionals. As such, your employment prospects are very good. You will
be able to fill positions in areas such as project management, software design
and development activities in software houses, large multi-national companies,
banks, insurance companies, transport companies, logistics companies and many
more. You will also be well-equipped to be a technopreneur or your very own
boss. You may also further your studies at a wide range of universities that
offer our graduates advanced standing.

37 Counsel for the defendant produced an exhibit B, showing the high demand
for polytechnic graduates with IT graduates generally earning higher starting
salaries. I did not doubt that with the large scale and widespread use of IT
both commercially and non-commercially in a relatively technologically
advanced economy such as Singapore’s, the demand for IT graduates would remain
robust for a host of IT-related jobs in many commercial enterprises and even
in the Government. The plaintiff recognized the potential in this field of
study and he agreed in his evidence that the employment prospects for a
graduate like him ‘should be quite good’.

38 The occasional headaches, giddiness and poor memory should not have a major
impact on his employability in my judgment. The plaintiff could, without any
serious difficulty, mitigate the effects of his poor memory by making sure
that as a habit, he would write down on paper, what a normal person might
commit to memory when performing his job. In that sense, I did not believe
that the impairment of his memory due to the accident should have a
significant impact on his employability as there was available a ready
solution (i.e. pencil and paper), albeit an inconvenient one. It should be
noted that I had already compensated the plaintiff for the inconvenience
arising from his poor memory (including the occasional headaches and
giddiness) in the fairly large award I had made of $90,000 under the category
of the other “head injuries”.

39 In my view, the scars and disfigurement of his face, the loss of smell, his
eye injuries and his vocal cord injury (all of which had been compensated
separately under the item of “pain, suffering and loss of amenities”) should
also not appreciably impact on his employability and employment prospects in
the growing IT industry, but his uncontrollable short temper and anger would.
His poor vision on his useful right eye could in part be alleviated with the
use of proper spectacles.

40 As counsel for the defendant had rightly pointed out, the only substantive
aberration in relation to the rosy employment prospects in the future for the
plaintiff was his uncontrollable short temper and anger. Dr Lai Chan See
confirmed that the plaintiff had to control his temper with nightly dosages of
75mg of Fluvoxamine medication. I inferred that this medication was working
and that at least with continuous medication, the risk of job loss in the
future would be lowered – i.e. the risk of the defendant (a) losing his temper
and venting his anger at his working colleagues; (b) quarrelling unnecessarily
with his colleagues; or (c) causing trouble at work due to his hot temper,
thereby leading to the defendant being thrown out of his job.

Loss of future earning versus loss of earning capacity

41 To assist the court, counsel for the defendant referred me to _Chang Ah Lek
v Lim Ah Koon_ [1999] 1 SLR 82 where Karthigesu JA delivering the judgment of
the Court of Appeal explained that there was a conceptual difference between
loss of (future) earnings and loss of earning capacity as shown in the passage
from Lord Denning’s judgment in _Fairley v John Thompson (Design and
Contracting Division) Ltd_ [1972] 2 Lloyd’s Rep 40 at p 41, which was quoted
by Lai J in her grounds of judgment and which the Court of Appeal approved at
[25] on hearing the appeal from her decision:

It is important to realise there is a difference between an award for loss of
earnings and compensation for loss of earning capacity. Damages for loss of
future earnings are for _real assessable loss sufficiently provable by
evidence_. For loss of earning capacity compensation is given by way of
general damages. [The learned judge’s emphasis.]

42 It was the plaintiff’s weakened competitiveness in the labour market, and
the reduction in his potential earning capacity as a result, that was being
compensated here under the heading “Loss of Earning Capacity”. The Court of
Appeal in order to clarify the law had explained the difference at some
length, and I think it would be appropriate for me to set it out in full
below, so that the error that the Court of Appeal had highlighted would be
avoided:

26 We now return to Scarman LJ’s judgment in _Smith v Manchester Corporation_
and the passages quoted by the learned judge. They are:

Loss of future earnings or future earning capacity is usually compounded of
two elements. The first is when a victim of an accident finds that he or she
can, as a result of the accident, no longer earn his or her pre-accident rate
of earnings. In such a case there is an existing reduction in earning capacity
which can be calculated as an annual sum. It is then perfectly possible to
form a view as to the working life of the plaintiff and, taking the usual
contingencies into account, to apply to that annual sum of loss of earnings a
figure which is considered to be the appropriate number of years’ purchase in
order to reach a capital figure.

…

The second element in this type of loss is the weakening of the plaintiff’s
competitive position in the open labour market: that is to say, should the
plaintiff lose her current employment, what are her chances of obtaining
comparable employment in the open labour market? The evidence here is plain —
that, in the event (which one hopes will never materialise) of her losing her
employment with Manchester Corporation she, with a stiff shoulder and a
disabled right arm, is going to have to compete in the domestic labour market
with women who are physically fully able. This represents a serious weakening
of her competitive position in the one market into which she can go to obtain
employment. It is for that reason that it is quite wrong to describe this
weakness as a ‘possible’ loss of earning capacity: it is an existing loss: she
is already weakened to that extent, though fortunately she is protected for
the time being against suffering any financial damage because she does not, at
present, have to go into the labour market.

27 Had the learned judge continued from where she had stopped quoting from
Scarman LJ’s judgment, she would have read the following paragraph:

It is clearly inappropriate, when assessing this element of loss, to attempt
to calculate any annual sum or to apply to any annual sum so many years’
purchase. The court has to look at the weakness so to speak ‘in the round’,
take a note of the various contingencies, and do its best to reach an
assessment which will do justice to the plaintiff. …

28 Although the learned judge purported to compensate the respondent for loss
of earning capacity, she did not to borrow Scarman LJ’s words look at the
weaknesses in the round by taking note of the various contingencies and doing
the best she could to arrive at an assessment which would so do justice to the
respondent; instead she calculated the respondent’s loss by reference to a
monthly sum for a 16 years’ purchase that is to say awarded him damages for
loss of future earnings.

29 The method the learned judge adopted was clearly inappropriate to assess
loss of earning capacity.

….

31 With respect, the learned judge clearly misunderstood Scarman LJ’s judgment
in _Smith v Manchester Corporation_. A case for compensation for loss of
earning capacity would arise only if the respondent had been employed as an
ironmonger, full time on a fixed remuneration, by Hock Seng Engineering Works
and Hock Seng Engineering Works continued to employ him after the accident,
notwithstanding his disability, as an ironmonger or in some other capacity
without any loss in his emoluments. In this case if for some reason Hock Seng
Engineering Works terminated the respondent’s employment then he would be
thrown on to the labour market and his competitive edge to find employment as
an ironmonger or indeed any labour intensive work would be severely
handicapped by his disability. In this case it would be proper to compensate
the respondent for loss of earning capacity by looking at the weaknesses in
the round and by taking note of the various contingencies and doing the best
one could to arrive at an assessment which would do justice to the respondent
(per Scarman LJ in _Smith v Manchester Corporation_). But this is not the case
here.

43 With the law settled on this issue, counsel for both parties agreed before
the AR, and rightly so, that on the facts of this case, the issue to be
considered was a claim for loss of earning capacity and not a claim for loss
of (future) earnings. The plaintiff was not yet working and there would be no
evidence of any pre-accident earnings or evidence of any post-accident drop in
earnings from which a loss of future earnings could be computed. This of
course was no fault of the plaintiff as he had not entered the employment
market as yet. Hence, the proper award to be made was solely for loss of
earning capacity following _Chang Ah Lek v Lim Ah Koon_ ([41] _supra_). The
burden of course was on the plaintiff to produce some credible evidence on his
loss of earning capacity and not leave everything for the court to speculate.

44 I accepted the submission of counsel for the defendant that the loss of
earning capacity was generally to compensate a plaintiff for the risk of loss
of his present employment and the consequent disadvantage, due to his
disabilities, in competing in the labour market for another job or an equally
well-paying job, and that the “risk of loss of employment” or “handicap” must
be real and substantial, not speculative or fanciful: _Practitioners’ Library:
Assessment of Damages: Personal Injuries and Fatal Accidents_ _2 nd Ed_ at
4-9. The courts would usually take into account, among other factors, the age
and sex of the plaintiff, his skills and training, the nature of his
disabilities, the kind of job he was holding (if any) before the accident, the
degree of the risk of him losing his job, the time when the loss of employment
might occur, the general employment situation for his type of job, the kind of
job he could do or could hold now or in the future, and the earnings he would
likely command: _Practitioners’ Library: Assessment of Damages: Personal
Injuries and Fatal Accidents 2 nd Ed_ at 4-13. Finally, an award for loss of
earning capacity should be assessed “in the round” and not using a strict
multiplier/multiplicand method: _Chang Ah Lek v Lim Ah Koon_ ([41] _supra_).

45 I would hasten to add that it did not mean that the court could not, merely
for the purpose of doing a very rough check, determine if the amount that was
assessed “in the round” was within a reasonable range (i.e. neither manifestly
inadequate nor too excessive). That check could be achieved by computing what
that lump sum amount to be awarded would have in effect produced, if it was
distributed as a stream of income per month in the future over the period of
the working life of the plaintiff, assuming a certain rate of interest to be
used as a discount rate for the computation. The result from such a simple
mathematical computation or annuity analysis provides, in my view, a useful
parameter to make a very rough check on whether or not the assessment of the
lump sum “in the round” so to speak, could have gone simply too far wrong
either way. I believe it would help avoid an overly excessive or manifestly
inadequate estimate of a ball-park figure by the court for the loss of earning
capacity assessed primarily on the relevant facts and circumstances of the
case.

46 In relation to the AR’s reasoning in support of her award of $60,000 for
the loss of earning capacity (“LEC”), I would state that I generally agreed
with her qualitative analysis based on what she had said below:

There is no doubt that the Plaintiff would have suffered some loss of earning
capacity as a result of the injuries. This is especially due to the injuries
to the head suffered which has affected his cognitive and memory skills. The
fact that the IT market is doing well currently, or is likely to do well in
the future, is a factor to be taken into account in determining the quantum of
LEC, as the Plaintiff is likely to be employed in the IT sector.

I accept the evidence of Dr Ho King Hee, that he is likely to be unable to
handle multiple tasks at the same time, and to respond in a flexible manner to
new situations. He would however still be able to handle a job of moderate
level of complexity. I accept also that his unstable mood may affect the
nature of the job he is suitable for, or his ability to hold down a job for a
long period of time.

I accept that it is difficult, given the Plaintiff’s age, to assess the LEC.
However, this figure should be arrived at ‘in the round’, and taking into
account all the facts and circumstances of the case, I am of the view that
$60,000 is an appropriate figure.

47 As with most assessments of damages, the real difficulty is not in the
qualitative analysis, but in the actual quantification of the award. This
quantification is a process in which I, sitting as a judge in chambers dealing
with an appeal from the registrar as though the matter was before me for the
first time, am in a position to substitute my exercise of discretion for the
AR’s discretion based on my own analysis of the relevant evidence: _Chang Ah
Lek v Lim Ah Koon._

48 I must state that I was initially reluctant to change the AR’s
quantification of the award for loss of earning capacity at $60,000 as she had
rightly taken into account (a) the degree that the head injuries had affected
the plaintiff’s cognitive and memory skills; (b) the evidence of Dr Ho King
Hee that the plaintiff was not likely to be able to handle multiple tasks at
the same time and to respond in a flexible manner to new situations; and (c)
the plaintiff’s unstable mood which might affect the nature of the job he was
suitable for or his ability to hold down a job for a long period of time.

49 But as the “loss of earning capacity” especially for a young man who has
not even entered the job market was one item of damage that would be very
difficult to render an appropriate quantification (let alone with any accuracy
as the court would have to peer far into the future with all its attendant
unknown variables and contingencies), I thought perhaps that with so much
uncertainty that I should err on the side of generosity, factor some margin in
the plaintiff’s favour, and exercise my discretion to increase the AR’s award
on the loss of earning capacity to a lump sum amount of $100,000.

50 As a rough check and to give an idea of what the equivalent monthly amount
would be if $100,000 were to be distributed and paid out monthly over a period
of 35 years instead of a lump sum immediate payment, I calculated that the
$100,000 award would effectively translate into a tax free difference of about
$530.30 per month added to his salary over the next 35 years of his working
life span based on a discount interest rate of 5.33% p.a. (which is the
interest rate normally used by the court). As a percentage of the median
income of a network manager earning $3,954 pm and an IT security specialist
earning $2,644 pm in the 25 to 29 age group based on MOM’s wage statistics,
the top-up of $530.30 pm would amount to between 14% and 20% of the respective
monthly salaries. Having done the check, I did not think that the amount that
I had “assessed in the round” was too far wrong. It was neither on the side of
extravagance nor on the side of manifest inadequacy.

51 On the whole, I was satisfied that the award of $100,000, albeit on the
generous side, was more than a reasonable award for loss of earning capacity
for the plaintiff. Essentially, the plaintiff would be getting a compensation
for his loss of earning capacity by way of a “bonus” of $530.30 per month to
top up his salary every month for 35 years should he later start work after
his graduation from the polytechnic and after his completion of national
service. But the plaintiff remained dissatisfied with this amount and had
since appealed against my decision on this lump sum award of $100,000. Counsel
for the plaintiff submitted to me that the award for loss of earning capacity
should be $564,900, which would be nearly 6 times more. I certainly did not
think that an award of $564,900 would have been justifiable on the facts of
this case having regard to the significant finding of the AR that while the
injuries were certainly serious in nature, the plaintiff had healed well from
most of them and the residual damage to the plaintiff was not unmanageable, a
finding that I agreed entirely with.

52 As a comparable, I was referred to _Muhamad Illyas v Kwek Khim Hui_ ([30]
_supra_). The plaintiff, _Muhamad Illyas_ , suffered from memory loss and
diffuse axonal brain injury. He was only 20 years old at the time of the
accident. He was a bright and outstanding student who had secured an EDB
scholarship and admission into University of California (Berkeley) to pursue a
course in Electrical Engineering and Computer Science. As a result of the
accident, he could not pursue his scholarship studies and instead he had to
re-learn many basic skills including speech. He suffered from depression and
memory loss. The bright future ahead of him was dashed. The award for his loss
of earning capacity was only $100,000 (for the loss of memory function). By
comparison, this case was far worse than the plaintiff’s in terms of the loss
of earning capacity. I had to agree with the qualitative submission of counsel
for the defendant (though not with counsel’s quantification of $50,000) that
the plaintiff here had recovered relatively well with only some residual
disabilities that would not materially or substantially affect his education,
his employment performance or his prospects in the future.

53 For the reasons given, the lump sum award of $100,000 was in my judgment
more than a fair, adequate and realistic compensation to the plaintiff as
general damages for his loss of earning capacity.

Awards made

1\. Accordingly, I varied and increased the award for pain, suffering and loss
of amenities to **_$173,000.00_** made up as follows:

(a) |  Head injuries |  – |  $90,000.00  
---|---|---|---  
(b) |  Total loss of smell |  – |  $18,000.00  
(c) |  Vocal cord injury |  – |  $10,000.00  
(d) |  Eye injuries |  – |  $40,000.00  
(e) |  Scars & facial disfigurement |  – |  $15,000.00  
  
2\. By consent, the award for pre-trial transport expenses was varied and
increased from $920.00 to **_$1,800.00_** ;

3\. The award for loss of earning capacity was varied and increased from
$60,000.00 to **_$100,000.00_** ;

4\. The award under the item of “future medical and transport expenses” for
the follow-up care (apart from those at [5] below) was varied and increased
from $4,200.00 to **_$11,000.00_** based on $550.00 per annum for 20 years.

[This was calculated based on Dr Karen Chua’s medical report dated 10 November
2006 in which she estimated the cost of the future follow-up psychological
therapy and counselling sessions at TTSH Centre at $500 per year with a review
with the doctor at $50 per year. I accepted the AR’s findings that even if the
current displays of violence were only towards his family members, it was
envisaged that the plaintiff might need psychological and medical care in this
respect in the future. I also accepted A/Prof Daniel Fung’s expert opinion
that the plaintiff needed ongoing psychiatric support. I believed that anger
management would probably be needed on a long term basis if he were to remain
successfully employed on a long term basis because the plaintiff would not
likely last very long in any job if he were to be hot-tempered and quarrelsome
with his fellow colleagues at work, bearing in mind that he would invariably
have to face work pressures and demands.

For that, I allowed a period of 20 years for his medical follow-up which
should take him perhaps to the more mellowed age of about 40. Strictly
speaking, for the computation of the amount, I ought to make a present value
discount because the amount of $11,000 damages awarded was to be paid upfront
and it was meant to represent the present value of the stream of payments of
$550 per annum that would have to be incurred yearly in the future for the
next 20 years. But I would have to factor in the inflation element which would
likely creep in from one year to the next, and also the likelihood of
increases in the general cost of medical care in the future. It was not likely
that the quantum of the cost of psychological therapy and counselling at TTSH
Centre would remain at $550 for the next 20 years. As the inflationary effects
would probably offset the discounting, I did not perform any present value
discounting nor any inflation adjustment, but simply allowed a straightforward
multiplication of $550 p.a. x 20 yrs, which would, I believe, on the whole
fairly compensate the plaintiff for this item of expenditure in the future.]

5\. There was no appeal on the AR’s award of **_$27,700_** for the medical
expenses for the cost of surgical treatment and follow-up care to correct
facial deformities, which was estimated at $25,000 by Dr Andrew Tay; and a
cataract extraction, which the AR allowed at an estimated cost of $2,700 based
on the average of Dr Chua Chin Teck’s recommended cost of between $2,500 to
$2,900 for the cataract operation.

6\. I fixed the costs of the appeal at **_$8,000.00_** inclusive of
disbursements to be paid by the defendant to the plaintiff with the usual
consequential orders to follow.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 01 Aug 2008 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

