Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Yaku Shin (JB) Sdn Bhd v Panasonic AVC Networks Singapore Pte Ltd and
Another  
[2008] SGHC 87

Case Number | : | Suit 379/2006  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 06 June 2008  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Woo Bih Li J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Manjit Singh and Sree Govind Menon (Manjit Govind & Partners) for the plaintiff; Tan Teck Wang, Melvin See and Sharon Liu (Rodyk & Davidson LLP) for the first and second defendants   
Parties | : |  Yaku Shin (JB) Sdn Bhd — Panasonic AVC Networks Singapore Pte Ltd; Panasonic Manufacturing Xiamen Co, Ltd   
  
Restitution – Quantum meruit – Contingent counterclaim on quantum meruit –
Whether contract needed before claim on quantum meruit might be made  
  

6 June 2008 |  Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Woo Bih Li J:

Introduction

1 The plaintiff, Yaku Shin (JB) Sdn Bhd (“YKJB”) is a Malaysian company
operating from Johor Bahru. Until March 2006, it was related to another
company Yaku Shin (M) Sdn Bhd (“YKM”), a Malaysian company operating from
Kuala Lumpur. YKM will feature prominently in the dispute before me. Both YKM
and YKJB had at all material times the same parent company, _ie_ , Foremost
Holdings Bhd, which held 58.75% of the capital in each of these two companies.
At all material times, YKM and YKJB had the same managing director, one Teh
Hong Beng (“Teh”).

2 The first defendant, Panasonic AVC Networks Singapore Pte Ltd (“PS”) is a
company incorporated in Singapore. The second defendant is Panasonic
Manufacturing Xiamen Co Ltd (“PX”), a company incorporated in China. Both of
these companies are part of the Panasonic group of companies.

3 The Panasonic group of companies operate a production supply chain.
Component parts are first manufactured by or for a Panasonic company. The
component parts are then sent to another party for assembly into semi-products
(“the goods”). The goods are in turn assembled into final products by a
Panasonic company.

4 YKJB’s claim is against PS only. Its original claim, before any set-off, was
for the purchase price of US$1,286,299.29 for the goods supplied by YKJB to PS
under 96 transactions for five months from September 2005 to February 2006.
YKJB’s claim is based on contract and, alternatively, on quantum meruit.

5 However, YKJB accepts that the price of components delivered for the account
of PS to YKJB between December 2005 to February 2006, amounting to
US$236,754.15, is to be deducted from YKJB’s claim although not the price for
the components delivered to YKJB between September and October 2005.

6 On 26 July 2006, after the issuance of the Writ of Summons, PS paid
US$85,768.52 to YKJB. This sum represented the total of YKJB’s invoices issued
in 2006 (US$196,040.39) less the total value of the components supplied to
YKJB in 2006 (US$110,271.87). Therefore, the 2006 supply of the goods by YKJB
and the 2006 supply of components to YKJB are no longer in dispute. The price
for components delivered in December 2005 to YKJB was US$126,482.28.

7 The remaining sum from YKJB’s original claim is:

US$1,286,299.29

Less:

(a) Components delivered in 2006 110,271.87

(b) payment for 2006 goods less 2006 components 85,768.52

(c) December 2005 components _126,482.28_  
_US$ 963,776.62_

I should mention that this claim of US$963,776.62 includes a sum of
US$540,538.95 that PS has already paid to YKM in circumstances which I shall
elaborate on later. If the latter sum is deducted, the balance will be
US$423,237.67, which is less than the combined counterclaims of PS and PX,
(see [8] and [9] below).

8 PS does not dispute that it received the goods from September to December
2005 from YKJB. However, its position is that, prior to 2006, the supply of
such goods was pursuant to a contract between PS and YKM. Accordingly, YKM is
the party it is liable to. Alternatively, if the contract was with YKJB, PS
has a counterclaim for the price of components supplied to YKJB between
October and December 2005. This counterclaim is therefore a contingent one
based on the possibility that the court may find that the contract was between
PS and YKJB. The counterclaim is based on quantum meruit only and not on
contract because, apparently, when PS sought to amend its defence to include a
counterclaim, an assistant registrar declined to allow it to include a
counterclaim based on contract. PS’s counterclaim amounts to US$372,278.48.
However, this includes components supplied to YKJB in December 2005 for which
credit has already been given by YKJB, (see [7] above). After deducting
US$126,482.28 for the December 2005 components, PS’s counterclaim should be
for US$245,796.20.

9 PX is also making a contingent counterclaim for US$360,838.76, being the
price of components supplied by it to YKJB between July and November 2005, if
the court finds that PX’s contract was with YKJB and not with YKM. However,
PX’s counterclaim is based on contract and, alternatively, on quantum meruit.

10 YKJB relied simply on the fact that it was undisputed that it had assembled
the goods and delivered them to PS or its agents and that its invoices and
delivery orders had been issued to PS without objection from PS. YKJB
distanced itself from any earlier agreement signed by YKM if YKJB was not a
party to such agreement. YKJB’s position was that it was not bound by any such
agreement. However, YKJB’s approach was overly simplistic as I shall elaborate
below. I would add that a court must consider the entire evidence and not just
isolated pieces of evidence.

Background, submissions and conclusion

11 In an agreement dated 6 June 1995 (“the Basic Contract”) between PS (under
its old name) and YKM, the parties thereto agreed to various basic terms for
PS’s purchase of the goods from YKM. Clause 24 of the Basic Contract provided
for PS to lend machinery, equipment, tools, measurement instruments and
moulding die, referred to as “Tool and Die” to YKM which were not to be re-
lent without the consent of PS.

12 An agreement dated 1 October 2003 (“the 2003 Tri-Party Agreement”) between
PS, YKM and Panasonic Taiwan Co Ltd (“Panasonic Taiwan”) provided for the sale
of loud speakers by PS to YKM which would be used by YKM to assemble the goods
for Panasonic Taiwan. The 2003 Tri-Party Agreement also allowed PS to seek
payment from Panasonic Taiwan if YKM failed to make payment to PS.

13 An agreement dated 1 October 2004 (“the 2004 Tri-Party Agreement”) between
Panasonic Taiwan, YKJB and Panasonic AVC Networks Johor Malaysia Sdn Bhd
(“Panasonic JB”) provided for the sale of loud speakers by Panasonic Taiwan to
YKJB which would be used by YKJB to assemble the goods for Panasonic JB. The
2004 Tri-Party Agreement also allowed Panasonic Taiwan to seek payment from
Panasonic JB if YKJB failed to make payment to Panasonic Taiwan.

14 An agreement between PS, YKM and PX dated 1 April 2005 (“the 2005 Tri-Party
Agreement”) provided for the sale of loud speakers by PS to YKM which would be
used by YKM to assemble the goods for PX. The 2005 Tri-Party Agreement also
allowed PS to seek payment from PX if YKM failed to make payment to PS.

15 As is evident, YKJB was a party only to the 2004 Tri-Party Agreement. I
should also mention that the Basic Contract expired, according to its terms,
on 5 June 2000. YKJB repeatedly submitted that PS had suppressed this fact. I
do not agree that PS had suppressed this fact. True, it did not draw the
court’s attention to this fact but it did refer to and disclose the Basic
Contract. YKJB would easily have learned from the Basic Contract about the
expiry date. Besides, as I mentioned, YKJB and YKM had the same managing
director at all material times. In my view, YKJB’s accusation about
suppression was part of its overall strategy to cast PS in the worst possible
light.

16 Although the Basic Contract expired on or about 5 June 2000, it was the
case of PS that the parties thereto continued to act on the terms of the Basic
Contract although there was no express reference to estoppel by convention in
the pleadings of PS. So, for the pre-January 2006 transactions, paragraph 10
of the Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No. 3) of PS states:

Pursuant to the Basic Contract, and the 2003 and 2005 Tri-Party Agreements
[Panasonic Singapore] issued purchase orders to [YKM] for the supply of semi-
products …

17 The only witness for YKJB was Koid Hung Kuan (“Koid”) and not Teh as one
might have expected. Although records showed that Koid was appointed a
director of YKJB only on 30 March 2006, he said that he was a proxy director
(perhaps meaning an alternate director) from 2 March 2006.[note: 1] While he
said that he was involved in the business of YKJB from 5 November 2005, he
clarified that he was not running it then.[note: 2] He accepted that Teh was
running YKJB before 15 November 2005 and up to February 2006.[note: 3] The
date of 15 November 2005 is significant in the factual matrix because that is
the date when Receivers and Managers (“R&M”) of YKM were appointed.

18 It was Koid’s own evidence that YKJB had been assembling the goods supplied
to PS since January 2005.[note: 4] This is significant because YKJB was
repeatedly submitting that it was brought or drawn into the picture (only)
from September 2005 when YKM was facing financial difficulties.

19 The witnesses for PS were:

(a) Ngoh Cherng Fah (“Ngoh”), General Manager of its Global Procurement
Centre;

(b) Chua Kim Hong, its Information Technology Manager;

(c) Hu Shiliang (“Hu”), an Assistant Senior Executive;

(d) Teoh Boon Lean (“Teoh”), the Sales & Marketing Manager of Supportive
Technology Sdn Bhd (“Supportive”); and

(e) Adeline Chan Wai Leng, a trainer with BeXcom Southeast Asia Pte Ltd.

20 The witness for PX was Chen Chung Hsing (“Chen”), the department manager of
the Electronic Device Sales Department, Device Technology Domain Business,
Panasonic Taiwan which is a subsidiary of PX.

21 The evidence, primarily from PS and PX, was as follows:

(a) All along since the Basic Contract, PS would issue its purchase orders
through an internal portal referred to as the “e-Procurement” system.
Therefore, it was only through access to this system that one would know what
the purchase order of PS was.

(b) Only YKM was issued with an identification (“ID”) and password to gain
access to this system. YKJB was not issued its own ID and password.

(c) PS had lent Tool and Die equipment to YKM for the assembly of the goods.
From Koid’s evidence, YKJB was using such Tool and Die equipment.

(d) YKJB was issuing purchase orders (under YKJB’s letterhead) to PX for
components to be used in the assembly of the goods and PX’s invoices were
addressed to YKJB. However, payment was being made not by YKJB but by YKM to
PX.

(e) PS required the issuance of standard tax invoices on delivery of the goods
to it. According to Koid, YKJB’s staff was inserting the details in the
standard tax invoices. For such invoices up to 11 November 2005, the vendor
was stated to be YKM, not YKJB. Furthermore, the unique vendor code “Y100”
assigned by PS to YKM was inserted in such invoices.

(f) YKJB’s own invoices and delivery orders refer to and quote the purchase
order numbers issued by PS through the e-Procurement system of which access
had been given by PS to YKM.

(g) YKJB’s own invoices and delivery orders refer to and quote the standard
tax invoice numbers.

(h) PS’s authorised representative, Integrated Agency Pte Ltd, had
acknowledged delivery of the goods on some delivery orders issued by YKJB but
not on YKJB’s own invoices.

(i) Up to end August 2005 and even thereafter, payments for the goods were
made by PS to YKM without complaint by YKJB until late November 2005.

22 However, YKJB submitted that it was brought into the picture because YKM
was facing financial difficulties in September 2005.

23 It is true that Supportive, a supplier of some components, was facing
difficulty in getting payment from YKM in September 2005. The evidence from
Supportive was that it then asked for PS to be responsible for its payment
from October 2005. However, there was no evidence from YKJB that YKJB also
then asked PS to be responsible for its payments, instead of YKM. As I have
mentioned, while YKJB was asserting that it was brought into the picture from
September 2005, this was obviously untrue. On Koid’s evidence alone, it had
been in the picture since January 2005. As submitted by PS, there was no
change in September 2005 as far as YKJB’s role of delivering the goods to PS
was concerned.

24 There was some change from 11 November 2005 when YKJB’s staff unilaterally
inserted YKJB’s name, instead of YKM’s as the vendor in the standard tax
invoices from 14 November 2005. However, the vendor code remained the same and
there was no evidence that PS had then agreed with Teh, or any other
representative of YKJB for that matter, that it would henceforth contract with
YKJB.

25 As mentioned above, the R&M were appointed on 15 November 2005. Presumably,
YKJB knew of this imminent development since its staff had started to change
the name of the vendor in the standard tax invoices from 14 November 2005.

26 Even Koid accepted that before 15 November 2005, PS had no contractual
obligation to pay YKJB. His evidence at NE 17 October 2005 was as follows:

Court: Maybe it is easier, if you want to do it one step at a time, before the
receivership, or assuming there’s no receivership, what would the position be?

Then after that you can explain.

A: Before the receivership, as long as the first defendant continued to pay
Yaku Shin (M) and Yaku Shin (M) subsequently pays to the plaintiff, as a
businessman, it will be perfectly all right for me.

Court: I think that’s not the question. Is the first defendant obliged to pay
JB? In other words, supposing the first defendant pays Yaku Shin (M) and M
does not want to pay JB – forget about receivership – let’s say M changes its
mind and doesn’t pay JB. Can JB say to the first defendant: you are obliged to
pay me?

A: As a businessman, JB will try, but I will agree that it is not an
obligation of the first defendant to pay then, but JB will then make a
decision as to stop the business.

Court: So now carry on explaining about the receivership and so on.

A: When the receiver came in and we realised that the first defendant – the
plaintiff realised that the defendant was continuing to make payment based on
the plaintiff’s invoices to Yaku Shin (M) under receivership, we immediately
informed the first defendant and we have actually in our letter offered them
the room for discussion, but that was turned down and instead was returned by
funny, funny requests as to, like, the statement of affairs of Yaku Shin (M).
I was just talking about how do we resolve the matters.

Mr Tan: I appreciate that answer. You said that, assuming there’s no
receivership, the first defendant in this situation has no obligation to pay
the plaintiff?

A: Yes.

Q: Now in our case, the actual case we have, the plaintiff is suing the first
defendant for invoices issued before the receivership of Yaku Shin (M). That
means the invoices were issued before 15 Novermber 2005?

A: And after.

Q: And after.

A: Yes.

Q: In respect of those invoices issued before 15 November 2005, do you agree,
therefore, that the first defendant has no obligation to pay the plaintiff?

A: I agree, but in business practice the first defendant, because of invoicing
and the way that the business was being carried out, has the obligation to sit
down for a discussion.

Q: So you say there is no contractual obligation but there’s a moral
obligation to discuss with you. Is that what you say?

A: In business.

Q: Let me clarify. You say there is no contractual obligation, but, according
to how business should be conducted, they must come and discuss with you.

That’s what you are saying, correct?

A: Yes. At the same time the service of the plaintiff was continued to be
required.

27 Although Koid was not running YKJB at the material time, he claimed to be
involved in its business. He appeared to have some knowledge of its
transactions although not as much as Teh. More importantly, he could have
declined to answer any question if he was not in a position to answer. His
evidence was telling against YKJB’s contention that PS was liable to YKJB for
transactions from September 2005 onwards.

28 The evidence from Ngoh was that PS learned about the appointment of the R&M
later in November 2005 although the formal notice of appointment from the R&M
was received in January 2006.

29 Significantly, there was no evidence that upon the appointment of the R&M,
YKJB and PS then reached agreement to enter into a fresh contract as between
themselves for the supply of the goods by YKJB to PS.

30 YKJB’s pleaded case was that it had a contract with PS from September, not
November 2005. Its position initially was that it was brought into the picture
from September 2005 and not that there was a change from 15 November 2005.

31 I have elaborated above as to why I say that YKJB was not brought in only
in September 2005 and why PS’s contract was initially with YKM. Was there a
change when the R&M were appointed? YKJB was not asserting this initially and
neither was PS. Yet, in the midst of the trial, Koid was suggesting that all
contracts with YKM would terminate upon the appointment of the R&M, a point
taken up in YKJB’s closing reply as well.

32 PS was relying on _Halsbury’s Laws of Singapore_ Vol 6, 2006 Reissue, at
paragraph 70.413 which states:

…

In contrast to contracts of employment, other contracts entered into by the
company before a receivership are not terminated upon the appointment of a
receiver.

33 On the other hand, YKJB was relying instead on another paragraph, _ie_ ,
paragraph 71.414 which states:

…

However, more commonly a receivership places such substantial assets in the
hands of the receiver that the company must cease business. …

34 There is in my view no contradiction between these two passages. Generally
speaking, the appointment of receivers does not in itself terminate existing
contracts (which are not employment contracts). It is for the receiver to
terminate such contracts if he wishes. Until he does so, such contracts
continue. If his task is not to continue the business, then he should
terminate such contracts so that the company may cease business.

35 If YKJB and its solicitors had genuinely believed that the very appointment
of the R&M had terminated all contractual relationships between YKM and PS,
this would have been stated in YKJB’s pleadings or in Koid’s affidavit of
evidence-in-chief (“AEIC”), and not so late in the day.

36 I come now to a letter dated 29 November 2005 from Teh to PS which was
issued on the letterhead of YKJB. It was not clear when this letter was
actually sent and received but parties accepted that it would have been before
Ngoh’s reply e-mail dated 24 December 2005. This letter states:

We thank you for your payment made for our invoices dated 04th  November, 2005
according to your payment advise note as at 04th November 2005 to Yaku Shin
(M) Sdn.Bhd. amounting to USD 800,417.05 out of which USD 540,538.95 are due
to Yaku Shin (JB) Sdn. Bhd.

Since and you are aware that Yaku Shin (M) Sdn. Bhd. is currently under
receivership, we will not agree for the receiver to continue to receive
payment on our behalf. We request payment due to delivery of goods by Yaku
Shin (JB) Sdn. Bhd. to be paid directly to Yaku Shin (JB) Sdn. Bhd. account
from the next payment onwards.

We understand that you would have a concern over the legal implications of our
request, we advise that you seek the advise of your legal adviser before
agreeing with our request and we will be available anytime at your request to
clarify the said matter.

37 PS submitted that this letter demonstrated that there was no protest by Teh
about the payment of US$540,538.95 made by PS to YKM for goods supplied by
YKJB. On the other hand, YKJB stressed that there was a distinction between
payment terms and the persons who were parties to the contract. YKJB stressed
that this letter was consistent with its position that PS’s contract was with
YKJB but that initially payment was to be made by PS to YKM.

38 I accept that looking at this letter in isolation, it was not inconsistent
with YKJB’s position that PS’s contract was with YKJB and not with YKM.
However, at the very minimum, the letter demonstrated that there was no cause
for redress by YKJB for the US$540,538.95 already included by PS when it made
payment of US$800,417.05 to YKM. Indeed, this letter was thanking PS for
payment of the US$540,538.95. Yet, YKJB’s present claim includes this sum of
US$540,538.95. In other words, YKJB wants PS to pay this sum again, this time
to YKJB itself and to claim a refund from YKM which is under receivership.

39 I would add that according to Ngoh, the payment to YKM was made on or about
18 November 2005 but before PS was aware of the appointment of the R&M. That
is why Ngoh considered the payment as having been made to YKM and not to the
R&M.

40 In any event, it is immaterial whether PS knew about the appointment of the
R&M when it made the payment. It is clear to me that YKJB is not entitled to
payment of the US$540,538.95 because:

(a) either PS’s contract was with YKM and not YKJB; or

(b) even if it was with YKJB, YKJB had authorised payment to be made to YKM
before the letter of 29 November 2005.

41 I would add that while this letter was not inconsistent with YKJB’s
position that PS’s contract was with YKJB, it still did not explain when and
how that alleged contract came about.

42 I come now to Ngoh’s e-mail reply dated 24 December 2005. It states:

Refer to your letter of “Payment Instruction Request” dated 29/Nov/05.

Sorry for late reply.

Regard to your request to make payment directly to Yaku Shin (JB) for those
delivery make by Yaku Shin (JB), sorry I can not agreed your request and we
need to discuss further, pls make clear the following:

1\. what is the relationship between Yaku Shin (M) and Yaku Shin (JB) before
and after under receivership (Yaku Shin (M) under relationship as mention in
your letter). Pls provide support documents.

2\. PSG do not receive any instruction from Yaku Shin (M) to change the
payment to Yaku Shin (JB), as you know all the transaction payment is make to
Yaku Shin (M).

3\. Have you discuss this matter with receiver? and what is their decision?

43 Teh’s e-mail response dated 28 December 2005 states:

Refer to your letter of “Payment Instruction Request” dated 29/Nov/05.

Sorry for late reply.

Regard to your request to make payment directly to Yaku Shin (JB) for those
delivery make by Yaku Shin (JB), sorry I can not agreed your request and we
need to discuss further, pls make clear the following:

What is the relationship between Yaku Shin (M) and Yaku Shin (JB) before and
after under receivership (Yaku Shin (M) under relationship as mention in your
letter).

Pls provide support documents.

**\- Their relationship has been presented in my previous presentation. Both
companies are the subsidiaries of Foremost Holdings Bhd which it held 58.75%
of the total number issued shares respectively. In the legal point of view,
YKSJB is a separate legal person.**

…

PSG do not receive any instruction from Yaku Shin (M) to change the payment to
Yaku Shin (JB), as you know all the transaction payment is make to Yaku Shin
(M). Have you discuss this matter with receiver? and what is their decision?

**- At this junction, the Receivers & Managers has vested controlled over
YKSM. All of the directors are basically have no power to exercise control
over YKSM.**

**\- As far as YKSJB is concern, this company buys raw materials under their
name to produce PSG’s model. Naturally, it is reasonable and fair for YKSJB to
receive payment from PSG for the finished goods produced so that all vendors
ie Tamaco, Samco and others can be repaid. The last payment withheld by
receivers & managers was a painful experience.**

**\- With the creation of new vendor code for YKSJB that we have discussed
earlier, it is logical for all future production payment to be channelled to
YKSJB.**

**\- At this moment, I don’t see any needs for us to discuss with receivers &
managers especially matters related to YKSJB.**

(I have emphasized the reply in bold print).

44 In my view, this exchange of e-mail supported PS’s position that there was
no contract with YKJB for the supply of goods as at or about 15 November 2005.
Had there been one, Teh’s e-mail would have stressed this but this time, he
was stressing instead that it would be reasonable and fair for YKJB to receive
payment. There was no reference by Teh to any oral agreement reached between
PS and YKJB in September or in November 2005. Interestingly, Teh also referred
to a new vendor code to be created for YKJB.

45 There was a meeting between Teh, Ngoh and one Clement Soh (both
representing PS) and Chen representing PX on 5 January 2006. Although Koid was
not present at this meeting, he accused PS, in his AEIC, of concocting
evidence as to what transpired at the meeting. He withdrew this allegation in
cross-examination. According to the AEIC of Ngoh:

(a) Teh had suggested at this meeting that sums due from YKM to PX for
November and December 2005 deliveries of components could be transferred to
the account of YKJB if PS agreed to pay to YKJB whatever was due to YKM. Ngoh
however replied that such an arrangement could be possible with the consent of
YKM but there was no such consent.

(b) Teh had said that if the assembly of the goods was to continue, PS was
required to open a separate account for YKJB and issue purchase orders to
YKJB.

(c) As there was no other alternative, PS agreed to open a separate account
and assign a unique vendor code to YKJB. To facilitate such steps, PS
requested YKJB to produce its audited financial report for FY2005 and the
statement of affairs for YKM. However, the documents requested were not
furnished and the separate account and unique vendor code were not created or
assigned.

(d) Accordingly, YKJB could not log onto the e-Procurement system to extract
purchase orders issued and PS had to issue such orders by e-mail to YKJB.

46 Ngoh’s evidence on the 5 January 2006 meeting was effectively unchallenged.
In the circumstances, it was not open to YKJB to submit in paragraph 42 of its
closing reply that no vendor code was in fact assigned to YKJB in 2006. The
reason why it was not assigned had been explained in Ngoh’s AEIC. According to
YKJB, some of the standard tax invoices in 2006 continued to contain YKM’s
vendor code. However, the point that PS was making was that by 2006, it had
agreed to contract directly with YKJB. I would add that the vendor code was
only one of the facts that PS was relying upon to establish that the contract
was with YKM throughout 2005.

47 By a letter dated 6 April 2006, Malaysian solicitors, Chellam Wong, acting
for YKM, sent a letter of demand to PS for US$145,904.15. This sum did not
include any claim for the disputed transactions, _ie_ , deliveries which had
physically been made by YKJB to PS (or its agent).

48 Before any response was given to this letter, Koid met up with Ngoh on 24
April 2006 at PS’s office. According to Koid, he also handed Ngoh a document
(dated 14 April 2006) to inform Ngoh of the total amount which YKJB was
claiming to be due from PS. The total amount stated to be due was
US$569,061.79. There was no claim in the document for the US$540,539.95 which
had been paid to YKM but is still the subject of YKJB’s present claim.

49 According to Koid, he said at the meeting that if PS would pay YKJB on
YKJB’s invoices issued before 15 November 2005, he was prepared to allow a
set-off for outstanding invoices of PX. However, he agreed that Ngoh (again)
required the statement of affairs of YKM to be produced. Koid’s response was
that Teh was responsible for that.[note: 5]

50 After the 24 April 2006 meeting, Rodyk & Davidson (“R&D”), solicitors for
PS, replied on 11 May 2006 to Chellam Wong’s letter of demand to say that the
debt claimed by YKM had been extinguished because of set-offs. R&D also
required the return of the Tool and Die equipment by 18 May 2006. This was not
done.

51 Subsequently, a different letter of demand dated 30 May 2006 was sent, this
time by Manjit Govind & Partners (“MGP”) acting for YKJB, to demand payment
from PS to YKJB. The letter of demand states:

1\. We act for Yaku Shin (JB) Sdn Bhd.

2\. Our clients instruct us that you are indebted to them for the above-stated
sum arising from a course of dealings, the full particulars of which are known
to you and short particulars of which are in our clients’ summary attached.

3\. It is our clients’ impression that the said sum has been retained on
unfounded grounds. The records will bear out that the invoices and delivery
orders evidence and support our clients’ claim. Our instructions are that the
delivery of the finished products has always been to your warehouse at Tuas,
Singapore effected by our clients.

4\. In the circumstances, our clients regret that they cannot extend any
further indulgence in time. Our clients require payment to be effected
immediately through us as their solicitors in Singapore or directly to them in
their stated account. Our clients authorise you to deduct from the said sum
the exact value of the components delivered by Panasonic AVC Networks
Singapore Pte Ltd to our clients in JB. [Our clients would require an exact
itemisation and supporting documents for this deduction. Our clients records
show an approximate figure of US$200,000/-].

5\. Formal Demand is hereby made to you for the sum of **US$1,286,299.29**
(less the appropriate deductions).

6\. Take Notice that unless the sum of US$1,286,299.29 (less the appropriate
deductions) is paid to us or directly to our clients within seven (7) days
from the date of this letter, our instructions are to commence proceedings
against you without further reference in which event our clients will be
claiming for interest and costs.

7\. In the event proceedings are made necessary, please advise whether you
wish service to be effected at your registered office or otherwise.

It is unnecessary for me to set out the summary attached which was a table of
dates and amounts outstanding. However, I will mention here that the
US$1,286,299.29 being claimed included the US$540,538.95 already paid to YKM.

52 R&D replied on 6 June 2006 to dispute the claim. Their reply (“the June
2006 reply”) states:

We act for Panasonic AVC Networks Singapore Pte Ltd and refer to your letter
dated 30 May 2006 to our clients.

Our clients deny your clients’ claim for the sum of USD1,286,299.29. The
amount claimed is grossly inflated and inconsistent to the assertions made by
your clients’ director, Mr Koid Hung Kuan.

Your clients’ claim is further without merit as your clients’ previous
managing director Mr Teh Hong Beng had, in the various meetings between
himself and our clients from November 2005 to January 2006, agreed to a set-
off of the amounts owed by our clients against:-

(1) the value of components delivered by our clients to your clients;

(2) the value of components delivered by Panasonic Manufacturing Xiamen Co Ltd
to your clients.

This much has been acknowledged at paragraph 4 of your letter. Our clients’
rights of set-off far exceed your clients’ “ _approximate figure of_ _USD
200,000_ ”.

The debt obligation of our clients to your clients has thereby been
extinguished and our clients are not liable to pay your clients any amount at
all.

We are further instructed to highlight that our clients are surprised that
they have received your letter of demand in the midst of discussions between
our respective clients.

We have our clients’ instructions to accept service of process. Please note
that our instructions are to resist any claim that your clients may file in
court against our clients.

53 Not surprisingly, YKJB placed much reliance on the June 2006 reply. It
stressed the following points from that reply:

(a) PS had acknowledged and accepted that YKJB is a contracting party to whom
a debt is owing.

(b) There was no dispute as to the course of dealings between YKJB and PS.

(c) There was no reference to YKM.

(d) There was no story about any principal/agency relationship between YKM and
YKJB (which had been raised in PS’s defence).

(e) PS’s declared position was that first, the amount claimed by YKJB against
them was “ _grossly inflated_ ”; second, that there had been a set-off agreed.

(f) There was recognition of the contractual relationship, recognition of the
debt and an assertion of an agreed set-off.

(g) There was no reference to Supportive.

(h) The set-off was asserted as arising from components delivered by PS and by
PX.

(i) By reason of the said set-off, the “ _debt obligation_ ” of PS to YKJB was
said to have been extinguished and hence no amounts were due.

54 The fact that the June 2006 reply did not refer to Supportive is in my view
irrelevant and I am surprised that YKJB sought to make something out of it. It
is not in dispute that some components delivered to YKJB for the assembly of
the goods were delivered by Supportive for the account of PS and not by PS
itself. Indeed, the evidence is not clear whether PS itself had delivered any
components to YKJB. Even if it did, there was no valid reason to draw a
distinction between components delivered by PS and those delivered by
Supportive for PS’s account.

55 I accept that the June 2006 reply did not assert that in 2005, the
contractual relationship which PS had was with YKM and not YKJB. That was
certainly a factor in favour of YKJB’s claim. This, together with the other
factors which YKJB were relying on, (see [10] above), might have been
sufficient for YKJB to win the day if there was no other evidence. However,
there was other evidence as I have elaborated on.

56 Furthermore, it seems to me that paragraph 4 of MGP’s own letter of demand
was suggesting a total set off by PS of all components delivered by PS. This
in turn suggested that all components delivered for PS’s account could be set
off as no distinction was drawn in MGP’s letter between Supportive and PS.
There was also no distinction drawn between transactions in 2006 and those in
2005 or between transactions in December 2005 and those in October to November
2005. The June 2006 reply is not inconsistent such suggestions.

57 Also, MGP’s letter came at a time when parties were discussing a set off.
It seems to me that in Ngoh’s mind, he was thinking of a total set off both
for components supplied by or on behalf of PS and by PX. That is why the June
2006 reply refers to both PS and PX and expressed surprise at the letter of
demand in the midst of negotiations.

58 Besides, since YKJB was placing so much emphasis on its invoices and
delivery orders, why did it, on the other hand, refute PX’s counterclaim even
though YKJB had issued purchase orders to PX on YKJB’s own letterhead and PX’s
invoices were addressed to YKJB? PX was prepared to say that its primary
position was that its contract was with YKM pursuant to one of the tri-party
agreements, notwithstanding YKJB’s purchase orders and PX’s invoices to YKJB.
However, if the court was to conclude that its contract was with YKJB, then
YKJB should be liable to PX for the components it supplied. When YKJB was
refuting PX’s counterclaim, it was choosing to ignore YKJB’s own primary
position and emphasizing instead PX’s primary position when it suited YKJB’s
own purpose. It seems to me that YKJB was blowing hot and cold for its claim
and PX’s counterclaim respectively. It must be consistent with itself and not
partly with itself and partly with PX. At least PX was consistent with its own
primary position. Its claim against YKJB is only a contingent one.

59 Insofar as YKJB has pleaded estoppel, it has referred to its own invoices
and delivery orders and the absence of objection by PS, as well as the June
2006 reply.

60 I do not see how YKJB can avail itself of that reply to plead an estoppel
as that reply came into existence after all the disputed transactions had been
completed, except for payment. It is evidence which YKJB can and has relied on
but it is not a factor to support an estoppel. As for all the other factors
pleaded, there was no plea that YKJB was led to believe at the material time
that PS was dealing direct with it contractually, as opposed to physical
assembly and delivery of the goods. Teh’s letter (of 29 November 2005) is
silent on this and his e-mail (of 28 December 2005) suggests otherwise.
Furthermore, Teh was not called by YKJB to give evidence even though his
evidence would have been particularly important for the estoppel point.

61 YKJB pointed out that the writers of the June 2006 reply were stated to be
Gerald Singham (“Singham”) and Loh Jen Wei, solicitors in R&D. YKJB submitted
that it was not disputed that Singham was at all material times a director of
PS. However, in my view, it does not necessarily follow that because a
solicitor is also a director of a company, he has personal knowledge of the
routine operations of the company. I presume that YKJB’s solicitors must be
aware of this and yet, without establishing the necessary evidence, YKJB
sought to imply more. I add that Ngoh said that he did not know that Singham
was a director of PS. I have no hesitation in declining to place any weight on
the fact that Singham was a director.

62 It is appropriate at this stage to deal with arguments of YKJB other than
its reliance on the June 2006 reply.

63 YKJB submitted that although PS made payments for the 2006 transactions, it
would not have done so but for the present action. Even then, the payment was
made on 26 July 2006 after an application for summary judgment was filed on 20
July 2006. Furthermore, another sum of US$13,148.80 was paid only on 17
October 2007. These submissions were made to show how unreasonable PS was. I
am of the view that YKJB’s criticisms were unduly harsh and unfair. It must be
remembered that the parties were still in negotiation as at April 2006. The
negotiations covered dealings with YKM, YKJB, PS and PX. The negotiations did
not end with a threat of legal proceedings from YKJB. That threat only came
about with the letter of demand from MGP.

64 Presumably, after the Writ of Summons was filed (on 16 June 2006) and
served, PS would have had to review its position and then make payment
thereafter of such sum as it was prepared to pay. The fact that some payment
was made fairly promptly thereafter was to its credit rather than discredit.
Besides, parties informed me that PS has been ordered to pay interest on the
first payment so PS has not benefited from its late payment of US$85,768.52.
As for the payment of another US$13,148.80, PS’s counsel explained that
payment was made because YKJB produced some more supporting documents for the
transactions in question. It was not disputed that YKJB had produced some more
supporting documents. In my view, this payment was again to the credit, rather
than discredit, of PS.

65 YKJB also relied on a summary of transactions which Hu said he had
prepared. During cross-examination, Hu said that he had been asked to
summarise transactions and he prepared a summary. The summary was handed to
Ngoh or Clement Soh whom he described as his boss. He was unable to say when
it was prepared nor did he say what it contained. Latching onto this piece of
evidence, YKJB submitted that the summary had been suppressed as it had not
been disclosed. YKJB also submitted at paragraph 34(i) and paragraph 64(ii) of
its closing submission that the summary “goes to the heart of the issue” and
alleged dishonesty.

66 As YKJB itself did not know what the summary actually contained and neither
did the court, I am of the view that its submission was overly dramatic. I
also note that YKJB did not ask for Ngoh to be re-called to the stand to give
evidence about this summary. In any event, based on the evidence as it stands,
I cannot give any weight to YKJB’s submission on it.

67 I would add that in the course of Ngoh’s cross-examination, he was asked by
YKJB’s counsel to prepare a table of transactions. He did so subsequently,
without the aid of PS’s counsel as his cross-examination had not been
completed. This table was admitted at the request of YKJB as exhibit “P4”. The
figures in the table, however, did not tally with those in another exhibit
“D1”. As exhibit “P4” appeared to show a sum owing to PS instead of a sum
owing from PS, YKJB suggested that this was evidence of dishonest conduct on
PS’s part.[note: 6]

68 In my view, such a suggestion was again overly dramatic. According to Ngoh,
exhibit “P4” contained all transactions with YKM (not YKJB). Yes, there were
discrepancies between exhibit “P4” and exhibit “D1” but YKJB’s counsel did not
continue asking Ngoh to elaborate on exhibit “P4”. Also, PS’s counsel did not
question Ngoh on it for the reason that PS was and is not relying on exhibit
“P4”. I do not see how “P4” can be evidence of PS’s dishonest conduct when PS
is not relying on it. It seems to me that Ngoh had his own reasons, which were
not fully explained, as to what the figures in exhibit “P4” represented. In
any event, since neither side was relying on it as an accurate representation
of its position in the present trial, I did not consider the figures therein
any further.

69 There was yet another attack by YKJB. In its submission, it alleged that
Ngoh had said on 19 October 2007 during the trial that PS was prepared to
assist YKJB by informing the R&M that the goods were assembled by YKJB and
were received by PS. Yet, on 20 February 2008, Ngoh confirmed that he had not
notified the R&M of these facts. I am of the view that this attack was
uncalled for. The impression given to me was that if PS was asked by YKJB to
notify the R&M of these facts, it would. There was no follow-up request by
YKJB for that to be done.

70 YKJB also suggested that because YKM was not making a claim on the disputed
transactions, this demonstrated that the contract for those transactions was
with YKJB and not YKM. I do not agree. There may be various reasons why the
R&M are not making a claim for those transactions, for example, YKM’s records
may not be complete and/or the R&M may think that with the counterclaim by PS
and/or PX, it is not worthwhile to pursue that claim. Whatever the reason,
PS’s legal position cannot be dictated by the unilateral act or omission of
the R&M. Even if the R&M were to authorise payment of the disputed
transactions to YKJB, PS is entitled to ask for set offs to be taken into
account.

71 The suggestion by YKJB that it was for PS to call witnesses from YKM or the
R&M to establish that the contract for the disputed transactions was with YKM
does not fly. It is for YKJB to prove its case and not for PS to prove its
version.

72 YKJB also suggested that I should draw an adverse inference for PS’s
omission to call Clement Soh as a witness. I do not think this omission was as
serious as the omission of YKJB to call Teh as a witness. Ngoh was able to
give evidence satisfactorily on the transactions whereas Koid knew less than
Ngoh. However, YKJB submitted that as Teh was no longer with its employ, there
was no reason or necessity to call him and the documents speak for themselves.
I reject this submission since Teh obviously knew more than Koid and was the
one liaising with PS. Furthermore, YKJB was attempting to rely on estoppel as
I have mentioned. I draw an adverse inference against YKJB for not calling Teh
as a witness. Nevertheless, I clarify that my conclusion against YKJB’s
primary position remains even without any adverse inference being drawn
against YKJB.

73 It is true that PS pleaded that YKJB was acting as an agent of YKM when it
assembled the goods and delivered the same but in my view, PS does not have to
establish the exact nature of the relationship between YKM and YKJB if YKJB
does not succeed in establishing, in the first place, that PS’s contract was
with YKJB.

74 To round up, I refer to a list of points which YKJB’s counsel prepared.
This was admitted as exhibit “P6”. Insofar as the points are relevant, they
have largely been covered in my judgment and it is not necessary for me to
list them here. As regards the point that Ngoh had admitted that he had said
in the 5 January 2006 meeting that, in principle, PS would pay YKJB, this
point should not be divorced from the issue of set-offs. In any event, YKJB
has not relied on that meeting as constituting or evidencing a separate
agreement by PS to pay YKJB.

75 Taking the evidence in totality, I am of the view that the supply of the
goods for the disputed transactions was pursuant to PS’s purchase orders
issued to YKM pursuant to the Basic Contract which both these parties had been
operating under. YKJB was performing the obligations of YKM. To that extent,
it was probably an agent of YKM but it is not necessary for me to decide the
relationship as between YKM and YKJB. There was no change in this state of
affairs until 2006. The contract for the disputed transactions in 2005 was
therefore between PS and YKM. I also conclude that PX’s supply of components
in 2005 to YKJB was pursuant to a contract between PX and YKM.

76 I come now to YKJB’s claim on the basis of quantum meruit.

77 Relying on _Morrison-Knudsen Co Inc v British Columbia Hydro and P_ ower
_Authority_ [1978] 85 DLR 186 (“ _Morrison_ ”), PS submitted that YKJB was not
entitled to make its claim on this alternative basis because it had elected to
sue on the basis of an asserted contract. However, I note that the facts in
_Morrison_ were different. In that case, there was a contract and when the
defendant was in breach of the contract, the plaintiff continued with the same
and completed it. In those circumstances, the British Columbia Court of Appeal
held that the trial judge should not have granted judgment to the plaintiff on
a quantum meruit basis but on a contractual basis.

78 PS also relied on _Scarf v Jardine_ [1882] 7 HL 345 to submit that YKJB had
elected on its choice of cause of action. Again, the facts there were
different. In that case, the plaintiff could have sued one set of partners or
another for the supply of goods to a firm. As the plaintiff had sued one set
of partners who actually got the benefit of the goods supplied, the House of
Lords held that the plaintiff was not entitled in the circumstances to rely on
estoppel to sue the other set of partners.

79 Next, PS relied on _Rabiah Bee bte Mohamed Ibrahim v Salem Ibrahim_ [2007]
2 SLR 655 (“ _Rabiah_ ”). It submitted that this case is authority for the
proposition that generally there are two categories of quantum meruit: (1)
Contractual quantum meruit – where there is an express or implied contract
which is silent on the quantum of remuneration or where there is a contract
which states that there should be remuneration but does not fix the quantum;
and (2) Restitutionary quantum meruit – where an innocent party has rendered
services or has supplied goods under a contract, which has not been
substantially performed and which has been determined by him because of the
other party’s breach and the party in breach cannot deny that he has received
a benefit, the innocent party may recover the value of the services rendered
or the goods supplied on a quantum meruit rather than sue for damages for loss
arising from the breach.

80 Insofar as PS was suggesting that there must be a contract between the
parties whether under contractual or restitutionary quantum meruit, I believe
that it has misread paragraph 124 of the judgment of _Rabiah_. Paragraph 124
was referring to a judgment (of L P Thean JA) in _Lee Siong Kee v Beng Tiong
Trading, Import and Export [1988] Pte Ltd_ [2000] 4 SLR 559 where the court
was referring to the plaintiff’s claim for a quantum meruit on a
restitutionary basis. The plaintiff had relied on a passage in Goff and Jones
_The Law of Restitution_ (5th ed, 1998) which states at page 531:

[I]f the innocent party has rendered services or has supplied goods under a
contract, which has not been substantially performed and which has been
determined by him because of the other party’s breach, he may recover the
value of the services rendered or the goods supplied, on a _quantum meruit_ or
a _quantum valebat_ respectively, rather than sue for damages for loss arising
from the breach…

81 It seems to me that that passage is citing an illustration when a
restitutionary claim on a quantum meruit may be made but it is not exhaustive.
It does not mean that there must always have been a contract first before a
claim on a quantum meruit may be made. Otherwise, the famous illustration of
an intruder being entitled to claim on a quantum meruit for work which confers
a benefit will no longer apply since there will not be any contract with the
intruder in the first place.

82 Nevertheless, I agree that YKJB’s claim on a quantum meruit must fail for
the simple reason that this is not a case where PS is unjustly enriched. I
have found that PS’s liability for the disputed transactions is to YKM.
Furthermore, if PS is also liable to YKJB on a quantum meruit, then it has
double liabilities, one to YKM and one to YKJB, which cannot be right. YKJB’s
recourse is against YKM whether on an express or implied contract or on some
other basis.

83 Interestingly, YKJB itself inadvertently recognised the defect in its own
claim on a quantum meruit when it criticised PS for making an alternative
claim against YKJB on a quantum meruit. Paragraph 12 of YKJB’s submission in
respect of PS’s counterclaim states:

With respect, [PS’s] Counterclaim is baseless. Where the appropriate relief
available to a litigant lies in contract against a party, his relief is
against that party; Not against another party and by way of invoking quantum
meruit. Put simply, where there is a contract between A and B that affords A
the right to sue B in contract for the reliefs sought, A cannot invoke a claim
in quantum meruit against a different party, C.

84 In the circumstances, the counterclaims of PS and PX which were premised on
a finding by the court that the course of contractual dealing was with YKJB,
also fail. I do not think that it was an abuse of process to make such
counterclaims as YKJB was suggesting. They were made in case the court should
not agree with the primary contentions of PS and PX. Such counterclaims were
no more an abuse of process than YKJB’s own alternative claim based on quantum
meruit. Indeed, I am of the view that YKJB’s alternative claim had even less
merit than the counterclaims of PS and PX because if YKJB does not succeed on
contract, it will be because the court finds that PS’s contract is with YKM.
In such circumstances, an alternative claim by YKJB on quantum meruit will not
be valid, as I have explained.

85 In the circumstances, I dismiss the main claim of YKJB but I will grant it
judgment for interest on the US$13,148.80 at the same rate of interest as was
allowed for the US$85,768.52 from the date of the Writ to payment. YKJB is to
pay 95% costs of the action to PS, subject to the following qualifications:

(a) Neither YKJB nor PS is liable for the cost of YKJB’s claim in respect of
the US$13,148.80. That sum was paid promptly when further documents were
disclosed, and in any event, the getting up for that claim is negligible in
the totality of the entire evidence produced at trial.

(b) YKJB is not liable for costs in respect of PS’s claim for Tool and Die
equipment which was withdrawn.

(c) YKJB is not liable for the costs of the subpoena for Watanabe Takeshi who
was not called as a witness. Although Teoh was called as a witness, I am also
of the view that YKJB is not liable for the costs of preparing his AEIC and
his oral evidence as most of Teoh’s evidence was in respect of PS’s
counterclaim. For the avoidance of doubt, YKJB is liable for the costs of
preparation of the AEIC of Norihisa Mimura and the AEIC of Ou Fu Chih even
though they were not called to give evidence since initially there was no
admission of documents which each of these persons had signed. Again, for the
avoidance of doubt, YKJB is also liable for the costs of preparation of all
other AEICs prepared for PS.

86 I have taken [85(b) above] into account when I allowed PS 95% , instead of
100%, of the costs of the action.

87 For the avoidance of doubt, I also dismiss the counterclaims by PS and by
PX. These counterclaims were made because of YKJB’s own premise, _ie_ , that
the course of contractual dealings was with YKJB. As PS and PX did not ask for
costs of the counterclaims if such counterclaims were to be dismissed, I am of
the view that each party should bear its own costs for these counterclaims.

_________________

  

[note: 1]NE 15/10/07 pg 21-2

[note: 2]NE 15/10/07 pg 22-3, 25 to 30 and NE 16/10/07 pg 8

[note: 3]NE 16/10/07 pg 12-5

[note: 4]NE 17/10/07 pg 137-8

[note: 5]NE 18/10/7 pg 38-9, 43-4

[note: 6]NE 21/2/08 pg 17

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 06 Jun 2008 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

