Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Metalform Asia Pte Ltd v Ser Kim Koi and Another (Holland Leedon Pte Ltd
(in liquidation), Third Party)  
[2008] SGHC 131

Case Number | : | Suit 496/2006, RA 410/2007  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 13 August 2008  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Judith Prakash J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  C R Rajah SC, Chew Kei-Jin and Lavinia Rajah (Tan Rajah & Cheah) for the plaintiff; Philip Jeyaretnam SC, Ajinderpal Singh, Kirindeep Singh and Koh Jiaying Hsien (Rodyk & Davidson LLP) for the defendants; Lee Eng Beng SC and Farrah Salam (Rajah & Tann) for the third party   
Parties | : |  Metalform Asia Pte Ltd — Ser Kim Koi; Ser Song Cheh — Holland Leedon Pte Ltd (in liquidation)   
  
Civil Procedure – Pleadings – Striking out – Buyer claiming damages in
statement of claim for breach of warranties with reference to multiplier which
formed component of purchase price – Whether high threshold necessary to
enable court to strike out portions of statement of claim on basis that it
disclosed no reasonable cause of action was reached  
  
Contract – Remedies – Damages – Buyer claiming damages for breach of
warranties with reference to multiplier which formed component of purchase
price – Whether damages for cost of cure could be claimed by applying
multiplier used to derive the purchase price – Whether damages for loss of
bargain could be claimed by applying multiplier used to derive purchase price  
  

13  August 2008 |   
---|---  
  
Judith Prakash J:

Introduction

1 By summons 4377 of 2007 (“SUMS 4377”), the defendants applied for certain
parts of the plaintiff’s Statement of Claim (Amendment No. 2) (“the SOC”) to
be struck out. This application was heard by the Assistant Registrar on 13
December 2007. She, very substantially, granted the defendants’ application.
The plaintiff appealed to the judge in chambers and I dismissed this appeal
with costs on 31 March 2008. The plaintiff now seeks to appeal further to the
Court of Appeal.

Background

2 Pursuant to a sale and purchase agreement dated 13 June 2004 (“SPA”), the
plaintiff purchased the business and specified assets of the Third Party,
Holland Leedon Pte Ltd (“HLPL”). The completion date for the acquisition under
the SPA was 1 July 2004 (“the Completion Date”).

3 The defendants were the directors and together the majority shareholders of
HLPL at all material times, including the period of time between 13 June 2004
and the Completion Date.

4 Pursuant to the SPA, HLPL furnished the plaintiff with several warranties
pertaining to several aspects of the business and assets of HLPL. The
plaintiff subsequently alleged that several of these warranties were breached
by HLPL. The plaintiff also alleged that the defendants who became directors
of the plaintiff as well, three days before the Completion Date, knew or ought
to have known of HLPL’s breach of the warranties under the SPA. By virtue of
the fact that the defendants had become directors of the plaintiff prior to
completion, the plaintiff contended that the defendants had a duty to inform
the plaintiff of the alleged breaches but failed to do so. The present action
was started by the plaintiff to claim damages from the defendants for their
alleged breach of fiduciary duties to the plaintiff.

5 The purchase price paid by the plaintiff was around US$264m and was fixed as
provided by cl 4.1 of the SPA. The purchase price comprised various
components, the largest one of which was an item known as “EBITDA” multiplied
by seven. The term EBITDA stands for Earnings Before Interest, Tax,
Depreciation and Amortisation of HLPL for the financial year ending on 30 June
2004.

6 It is the plaintiff’s case that if the warranties which HLPL has allegedly
breached had in fact been true (_ie_ that HLPL had run its business in a way
which complied with the warranties), HLPL would have had to incur much greater
costs in the conduct of the business. Such costs would have been “Recurring
Costs” in the operation of the business and would have reduced the amount of
the EBITDA. The purchase price would accordingly also have been reduced by:

The difference between  
the EDBITDA element of  
the purchase price paid x 7  
by the plaintiff and the lower  
EBITDA figure which  
would have been the EBITDA  
if the warranties were true

In the SOC therefore, the plaintiff made a claim for damages calculated by
multiplying the difference in EBITDA by seven and referred to this claim as
the “Recurring Costs” claim. To be more specific, the SOC stated that the
quantum of damages payable for the alleged breach of fiduciary duties was at
least $30,943,960.18, made up of the following elements:

(a) costs allegedly incurred in the year after completion so as to rectify the
alleged warranties; and

(b) the Recurring Costs which were the costs allegedly incurred in the year
after completion so as to rectify certain alleged breaches of warranties but
which were then multiplied by seven.

7 The portions of the SOC which the defendants applied to strike out related
entirely to the Recurring Costs claim. As stated, the defendants were
substantially successful.

The appeal – summary of the plaintiff’s case

8 In summary, the plaintiff made the following arguments. First it reiterated
the well known principle that the power to strike out a claim under O 18 r 19
of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2004 Rev Ed) will only be exercised in
cases where it is plain and obvious where there is no reasonable cause of
action disclosed. The courts will allow a plaintiff to proceed with the action
unless its case is wholly and clearly untenable.

9 Secondly, the plaintiff noted that the issue of whether or not Recurring
Costs could be claimed for breaches of warranties under the SPA had been
determined in SIAC Arbitration No. SIAC ARB068/DA17/05 (“the Arbitration”)
between the plaintiff and HLPL. The tribunal had determined that Recurring
Costs could be claimed from HLPL as part of the claim for damages for breaches
of warranties under the SPA. It could not therefore be argued by the
defendants that a claim for Recurring Costs by the plaintiff was wholly and
clearly untenable and that no reasonable cause of action was disclosed.
Further, it could not be argued that such claim is frivolous and vexatious and
an abuse of the process of court.

10 Thirdly, the plaintiff said that claims which involve a detailed
consideration of the law and documents should not be struck out pursuant to O
18 r 19 of the application. The issue of whether or not the plaintiff can
pursue a claim for damages comprising Recurring Costs for breaches of
warranties under the SPA could only be made after a protracted examination of
documents and facts of the case and a detailed examination of the law.

11 Fourthly, it was also the plaintiff’s case that the defendants were
estopped from making this application. This was because the defendants were
bound by the decision of the tribunal in the Arbitration that the plaintiff
could make a claim for Recurring Costs as part of its damages claim.

My decision

12 I did not accept the plaintiff’s arguments. I was aware of the high
threshold that has to be reached to enable the court to strike out portions of
a statement of claim on the basis that they disclose no reasonable cause of
action. In the present case, I was satisfied on the pleadings and the facts
and after considering the defendants’ arguments as well that this threshold
had been reached. I did not understand the basis on which the plaintiff could
justify multiplying the costs it incurred in rectifying the alleged breaches
by seven. I accepted that if the warranties were breached and costs were
incurred rectifying those breaches, those costs would be claimable as part of
the plaintiff’s damages. I did not accept that simply because one element of
the purchase price was the EBITDA multiplied by seven and that the EBITDA
(which was for a period of one particular financial year) would have been
reduced had HLPL incurred costs to rectify the matters that led to the
breaches of warranties, the plaintiff was entitled to multiply those costs by
seven as well. I found this argument to be totally unsustainable.

13 As the defendants pointed out, at first blush, it would seem that the
plaintiff’s case was for damages measured on the basis of the costs of
rectification, and that some breaches could be rectified by incurring costs
and expenses just once, whereas other breaches actually required expenses to
be incurred for a period of seven years. However, perusal of the SOC showed
that this was not the plaintiff’s claim. Instead, the plaintiff sought damages
calculated on the basis that certain costs could be recovered with a
multiplier of seven whether actually to be incurred for that period of time or
not. No contractual provision to this effect was pleaded. The only relevant
contractual provisions pleaded were for the calculation of the purchase price
of the business based on the EBITDA for the prior year multiplied by seven.
The plaintiff’s case was that it could claim damages multiplied in this way:

(a) without pleading and proving that such costs were in fact incurred for a
period of seven years after completion;

(b) without pleading and proving that these costs multiplied by seven
represented the difference in value (contract versus market) of the business
at the time of completion; or

(c) without pleading and proving any contractual provision providing for
damages to be calculated in this manner.

I accepted the defendants’ submission that on the pleaded case, the
plaintiff’s claim for damages calculated by reference to EBITDA multiplied by
seven was wholly unsustainable and should be struck out. It appeared to me
also that rather than being a claim for damages sustained by reason of the
breaches, the plaintiff’s claim was in fact for a discount on the purchase
price without a pleaded basis, relating to the value of the assets (as
affected by the non-compliance with the warranties) that would justify such
discount.

Amplification of the points

14 Both _McGregor on Damages_ (Sweet & Maxwell, 17th Ed, 2003) (“ _McGregor_
”) (at p 29) and _Sinclair on Warranties and Indemnities on Share and Asset
Sales_ (Sweet & Maxwell, 6th Ed, 2005) (“ _Sinclair_ ”) (at p 21) agree that
the basic rule for measuring damages in contract is that the innocent party
should be compensated for its loss of bargain due to the breach of the
contract. This means that if one party defaults in performance of the
contract, then the basic loss to the other party is the market value of the
benefit of which he has been deprived through the breach. In the context of
contracts for sale of a business, the basic loss would be the value of the
business as represented at the time of the sale less its market value in fact.
Alternatively, where the breach is a transfer of a business which is either
defective or not of the quality promised or the defective performance affects
the business, the claimant may claim the costs of putting the property into
proper condition _ie_ the costs of cure (see _Chitty on Contracts_ , vol 1:
General Principles (Sweet & Maxwell, 29th Ed, 2004)). This is sometimes called
the “rectification or repair costs” measure. As _McGregor_ at p 32 makes
clear, a claimant’s loss cannot be measured by using both methods. The measure
of damages must be calculated either on the basis of “the costs of cure” or
“loss of bargain” and which one is applicable depends on the circumstances of
the individual case.

15 The plaintiff’s case as set out in its submissions was that it was claiming
damages on the basis of the loss of the bargain measure. To establish the
measure of this loss of bargain, it reasoned as follows:

(a) the purchase price paid by the plaintiff for the business was made up
largely of EBITDA times seven;

(b) HLPL had given several warranties in respect of the business that were not
satisfied or were not true and to satisfy these warranties, HLPL would have
had to incur additional expenses. These expenses would have lowered the EBITDA
of the business;

(c) the plaintiff calculated its loss of bargain by taking the difference
between the EBITDA element of the purchase price and the EBITDA figure which
would have been derived had the warranties been true and multiplying that
difference by seven.

16 It argued that this approach in calculating the damages was supported in
law. It cited the following passage from _McGregor_ at p 718:

The normal measure of damages, as stated in s 53(3), is the value of the goods
as warranted less their value as they are, both values being taken at the
contractual time for delivery, since this represents the amount that will put
the buyer into the position he would have been in had the warranty been
satisfied. Many everyday cases illustrate this rule; probably the clearest
illustration in the reports is the early case of _Dingle v Hare_. A modern
application of this measure to the sale of a business rather than to a sale of
goods, is found in _Senate Electrical Wholesalers Ltd v Alcatel Submarine
Networks Ltd_ , where, by overstating the profits of the business sold, the
seller was in breach of warranty and it was common ground that “if [the
claimants] established a loss, the measure of damages was the difference
between the price actually paid … and the true value of the business at the
time of the agreement. If the value at actual delivery is nil, then the market
value of the goods as warranted forms the measure of damages.

17 It also quoted _Sinclair_ at p 18:

The entitlement of the purchaser, who finds that the company or business is
not as it anticipated, to claim damages for breach of contract will depend on
the scope of the warranties expressly or implied given to it. The contractual
remedy for a breach will generally be damages or, rather exceptionally,
rescission.

18 _Sinclair_ also contained passages at pp 318, 319 and 321 which were
relevant. These were:

At p 318:

In order to understand the use of warranties and indemnities in the context of
the sale and purchase of companies and businesses it is necessary to have an
understanding of the way that such businesses are valued, as without this the
negotiation of the warranties and indemnities will be undertaken in a vacuum.
The purchaser’s legal advisors will need to understand the valuation mechanism
that has been used or they will not be able to ensure that likely losses to
the purchaser (which affect the valuation of the target company or business)
have been properly addressed.

…

The three most common bases are by reference to the net assets of the target
company or business, a multiple of historical earnings, usually by reference
to EBITDA (earnings before interest, taxation, depreciation and amortisation),
or by reference to future earnings on a discounted cashflow basis.

At p 319:

The most common method of valuation is by reference to a multiplier of EBITDA
or occasionally EBITA (where in the latter case the valuer believes that
depreciation should be treated as a cost to be deducted from the earnings).

…

For this type of valuation it would normally be appropriate to ensure that any
price adjustment mechanism, whether through warranty, indemnity or completion
accounts, relates to the earnings of the target company and by reference to
the actual multiplier used to arrive at the enterprise value, as slightly
adjusted by the impact of the netting off of any debt or the addition of any
cash.

At p 321:

Where a transaction involves completion accounts with a specific adjustment
mechanism, perhaps by reference to the levels of net assets or a multiple of
earnings as in the example provided, then if there is a breach of warranty it
is likely that the courts will use the adjustment basis in the completion
accounts as a basis for determining the loss for breach of warranty. The
completion accounts mechanism in such circumstances will be taken as evidence
as to how the parties valued the target company.

19 Reliance was also placed on the case of _Senate Electrical Wholesalers Ltd
v Alcatel Submarine Networks Ltd_ [1999] 2 Lloyd’s Rep 423 (“ _Senate
Electrical_ ”). There, one of the issues was the assessment of damages
suffered by the purchaser of a business (the plaintiff) as a result of a
breach of warranty by the seller (the defendant) that the management accounts
gave a true and fair view of all the assets and liabilities and the state of
affairs and financial position and results of the business. The court found
that the warranty had been breached in that the profit as reflected in the
management accounts had been overstated. The plaintiff argued that damages
should be assessed by applying a price/earnings ratio (p/e) of 13.67 to the
difference between the warranted profit and actual profit. The court found
that such damages were inappropriate on those facts as it did not accept that
the purchase price of the business was calculated based on the said ratio. The
court observed at paras 32 to 34 of its judgment as follows:

32\. It is for the plaintiff to prove both the fact of the loss and the
quantum of damage (_McGregor on Damages_ , 16th ed, par 357). Moreover, the
assessment of damages is subjective in the sense that the loss is loss
sustained by the actual plaintiff, not some hypothetical plaintiff (see per Mr
Justice Phillimore in Thomas McGhie & Sons Ltd v British Transport Commission
[1962] 2 All ER 646 at p 656).

33\. Mr Field relied upon three cases where the Court had applied a p/e ratio
to the difference between the actual and warranted profit. The first of these
is Lion Nathan Ltd v C-C Bottlers Ltd, [1996] 1 WLR 1438. That was a case
involving a share sale. The price paid by the plaintiff was calculated on the
basis of 20 times the forecast profits after tax in the company’s year of
account ending Sept 2, 1989. The forecast for the two months in issue was
warranted to have been “calculated on a proper basis” and “was achievable
based on current trends and performance”. There was a substantial shortfall.
The measure of damages was assessed by multiplying the shortfall by the
multiplier of 20. We can find nothing in the decision of the Privy Council or
the opinion of Lord Hoffman to indicate that this is the only way in which
damages for breach of warranty or the sale of assets and goodwill in a
business is to be calculated. In our view it is quite clear that if this is
how the original price is calculated, it is the obvious way to calculate the
damages by applying the same multiplier to the shortfall in maintainable
earnings/ profits.

34\. A similar exercise was done by Mr Justice May in ADT Ltd v BDO Binder
Hamlyn [1996] BCC 808 and Mr Justice Jacob in Witter v TBP Industries, [1996]
2 All ER 573 at p 606. But these are also cases where the original price
appears to have been calculated on a p/e basis or the experts were agreed that
it was the proper basis for assessment.

20 The plaintiff submitted that it had paid a price which included EBITDA
times seven and this was paid in reliance on the representation by HLPL that
the warranties were correct or had been satisfied. The damages suffered by the
plaintiff when some warranties turned out to be untrue was the loss of the
bargain calculated by multiplying the effect that these warranties would have
had on the EBITDA, had they been satisfied, by the multiple of seven.

21 I was not able to accept the plaintiff’s argument. I could not agree that
the loss of the bargain sustained by the plaintiff was automatically
equivalent to the cost of rectification times seven simply because the
purchase price had been calculated on the basis of multiplying EBIDTA by
seven.

22 It might be helpful to set out the relevant passages from the SOC. These
are paras 29 to 31 which read as follows:

29\. Following the completion of the sale and purchase of the Business and
Assets as provided under the terms of the SPA and upon taking over the
carrying on of the Business, Metalform Asia discovered numerous breaches of
warranties and other provisions of the SPA by Holland Leedon.

30\. A summary of the said breaches of warranties and other provisions of the
SPA is set out in the table below:

…

31\. The loss and damage suffered by Metalform Asia as a result of the
breaches of warranties is a sum in the amount of not less than
S$30,943,960.18, such loss and damage comprising one-off costs and recurring
costs. By way of explanation:

(a) one-off costs are costs that only have to be incurred once to rectify the
said breaches of warranties and were incurred during the period after 1 July
2004; and

(b) recurring costs are recurring annualised costs that are multiplied by 7
(being the multiplier applied to the EBITDA to determine the purchase price
for the Business and the Assets pursuant to Clause 4.1.1 of the SPA as set out
earlier above (“the purchase multiplier”)). As recurring costs arise from
breaches of warranties relating to the Business and the Assets, such recurring
costs would have resulted in an increase in the costs base to the Business and
hence a decrease in the EBITDA applied to determine the purchase price of the
Business and the Assets, if Metalform Asia had known of Holland Leedon’s
relevant breaches of Warranties at the time of purchase. Metalform Asia had
therefore paid more than it should have (by 7 x the recurring costs incurred)
for the Business and Assets under the SPA. Thus, applying the purchase
multiplier reflects the damages suffered by Metalform Asia.

23 The defendants submitted that the plaintiff’s pleaded case was confusing
because it contained some but not all of the averments needed for a cost of
cure measure. Yet, the plaintiff had been adamant that its claim was really
for loss of bargain. However, in that form, it was unsustainable.

24 The plaintiff’s definitions of “one-off costs” and Recurring Costs, and
various paragraphs of the SOC indicated that the plaintiff’s pleaded case was
for damages measured by the cost of rectifying the breaches of warranties _ie_
cost of cure:

(a) Paragraph 35: “Therefore Metalform Asia claims one-off costs and recurring
costs of at least S$828,124.63 **in having to take the above compliance
measures** ”;

(b) Paragraph 62 : “… **To meet the requirements, Metalform Asia had to use,
inter alia, interleaf, thus incurring higher costs.** A breakdown of the
recurring costs of at least $443,793 incurred by Metalform Asia in using,
inter alia, **interleaf in order to comply with the requirements of Seagate**
has been given to Holland Leedon and the 1st and 2nd Defendants are aware of
the same”; and

(c) Paragraph 64: “By reason of the matters referred to in paragraphs 44 to 48
herein and **the fact that that monitoring and documentation requirements of
Seagate and the PMPs were not met, Metalform Asia has had to employ 64
additional staff to adequately perform and meet monitoring and documentation
requirements of Seagate** and the PMPs. Details of the recurring cost of
$10,717,969.90 incurred by Metalform Asia in hiring the new employees have
been given to Holland Leedon and the 1st and 2nd Defendants are aware of the
same”.

[Emphasis added]

25 Having claimed the cost of cure, however, the plaintiff had then sought to
multiply these costs (or some of them) by seven without pleading or proving
that such costs had been or would be incurred for seven years. One example of
this was the allegation that HLPL had been in breach of a warranty (Warranty
8.1) that the terms of all contracts, leases, tenancies and other contracts to
which it was a party had been complied with in all material respects and that
there were no circumstances likely to give rise to any breach of such terms.
Damages claimed for an alleged breach of this warranty would be the actual
cost of ensuring compliance with the terms of the contract concerned. That
could not be the amount of such costs multiplied by seven. The plaintiff did
not even attempt to plead why it would have to incur such rectification costs
for seven years. This example is particularly significant as the claims for
the alleged breach of Warranty 8.1 amount to nearly $27m out of a total claim
of about $30.9m.

26 The defendants submitted that the plaintiff was attempting to use the
formula which had been set out in the contract to determine the purchase price
for the business and assets of HLPL, to calculate the Recurring Costs. It
argued that the plaintiff was not entitled in law to adopt this formula or any
part of it to calculate its damages and, apart from the lack of a pleaded
factual basis, there was no legal basis for the same either. Hence, the
relevant portions of the SOC in relation to the Recurring Costs based on the
formula had to be struck out. Even if the plaintiff amended its SOC to seek
damages on the basis of the loss of the bargain only, the plaintiff would
still not be able to claim the Recurring Costs because there is no direct
relation between the cost of cure for one year and the market value of the
business.

27 The formula (the “Purchase Price Formula”) in the contract was as follows:

(EBITDA) x 7 +/- (adjustments pursuant to Clause 4 SPA)

The defendants argued that there was no legal basis for applying the Purchase
Price Formula to the annualised costs of rectifying the breaches of
warranties. It was clear from the SPA and from the SOC itself that the
Purchase Price Formula was restricted to the calculation of the purchase
price. The multiplier of seven was also specific to the EBITDA as of 30 June
2004. The plaintiff had not pleaded a contractual basis on which it could
apply the Purchase Price Formula and, in particular, the multiplier of seven
in calculating its damages.

28 The reason that the plaintiff sought to use the multiplier of seven to
calculate its damages was that it said that if the Recurring Costs had been
incurred in the financial year ending 2004, the result would have been an
increase in the annual cost of the business and hence a decrease in the EBITDA
for that same year. A decreased EBITDA would have translated into a lower
multiplicand which would have been multiplied by seven to determine the
purchase price. That was why the plaintiff sought to apply the multiplier of
seven to the Recurring Costs although it was undertaking a completely
different task _viz_ , that of assessing damages for the alleged breach of
warranties.

29 However, as the defendants submitted, for such a claim to be sustainable in
law (without proof of the actual incurring of costs for a seven year period),
a contractual provision would have to be identified and pleaded providing for
the calculation of damages in this way or there would have to be identified a
contractual provision for the abatement or adjustment of the purchase price
using this formula.

30 In this case, the multiplier of seven was only relevant under the SPA to
the calculation of the purchase price. The SPA did not provide for any other
use for that figure. In the court below, in fact, the Assistant Registrar had
agreed that it did not follow that the EBITDA should be a function of the
damages payable if there was a breach of warranty since the EBITDA was a
function of the purchase price as provided for under the SPA and was no more
and no less than that. Further, since the Recurring Costs were in fact not
incurred as at 30 June 2004, they could not and would not have had any impact
on the actual costs base or the actual EBITDA. The EBITDA had been assigned a
particular meaning in the SPA and this was only for the purpose of computing
the purchase price. It could not be changed or adjusted by any notional
Recurring Costs which the plaintiff said HLPL should have incurred.

31 Further, under cl 4.1 of the SPA, it had been provided that the purchase
price for the business and the assets would be the amount obtained by adding
together the various items set out in the sub-paragraphs of this clause
(EBITDA was one of the items mentioned) and together they would form “the
‘Purchase Consideration’ as set out in the Completion Statement”. In the
definition section of the SPA, the term “Completion Statement” was stated to
mean various items including the EBITDA agreed by the parties or determined in
accordance with Schedule 2 of the SPA. Under cl 8 of Schedule 2, it was
provided that the Completion Statement was to be final and binding on all
parties in the absence of fraud or manifest error. Thus, if there was no fraud
or manifest error, the EBITDA would be final and binding and would be deemed
to be accurate. If the actual EBITDA was accurate, then there was no basis for
the plaintiff to assert that the EBITDA was higher than it ought to have been.
The plaintiff did not in the SOC assert that the Completion Statement was
wrong because it was the result of fraud or manifest error. Hence the
plaintiff had not in its pleadings challenged the actual EBITDA.

32 In any case, since there was no contractual provision in the SPA providing
for the reduction of the purchase price by reference to the costs to be
incurred to remedy the alleged breaches of warranties multiplied by seven,
there was no legal basis for the plaintiff to use that multiplier to quantify
its damages in relation to the costs of cure.

33 As pointed out earlier, the plaintiff had not pleaded that in fact it would
have to incur the Recurring Costs for seven years. The defendants argued that
such a pleading would not in any case have been available because there was no
possibility of the plaintiff incurring many of the purported costs for such a
period. Giving one example of this assertion, the defendants referred to the
plaintiff’s allegation in para 36(j) of the SOC that in breach of warranty,
several workers had not been sent for mandatory training courses as required
by the Factories (Safety Training Courses) Order and the Factories (Safety
Training Courses) (Amendment) Order 2002 and that Recurring Costs had to be
incurred to remedy these breaches. Even if there was a failure to comply with
these Orders, there was no evidence that there would be more than one set of
costs incurred in respect of training each of the relevant workers. The
plaintiff had not pleaded that each worker would have to be sent for such
training every year for seven years. Further, it had not been pleaded that
HLPL had warranted that the EBITDA was calculated after the incurring of such
costs in the financial year ending 30 June 2004. The relevant pleaded breach
was not that the EBITDA was overstated by the Recurring Costs for the training
courses but simply as at 30 June 2004, certain workers had not been sent for
training courses. As such, it was clear that the plaintiff was trying to get
an adjustment in the purchase price rather than claiming a reimbursement of
costs that it would actually need to incur.

34 I agreed that to permit the plaintiff to advance a damages claim for
Recurring Costs in respect of this alleged breach was to permit it to advance
a claim for adjustment of a value that it was contractually bound by and to
permit the recovery of damages that had not been suffered and would thus
result in permitting recovery in excess of the actual loss of the plaintiff.

35 As stated earlier, when a claim is made for damages on the basis of the
loss of the bargain, the damages to which the injured party is entitled is the
difference between the contract price and the actual value of the thing
contracted for in its defective condition. The plaintiff did not plead what
the actual value of HLPL was but instead sought to measure the loss of the
bargain by subtracting the alleged costs of cure multiplied by seven. The case
which the plaintiff relied on was _Senate Electrical_. It contended that the
case stood for the proposition that when a purchase price of a company was
calculated by multiplying the EBITDA by an agreed multiplier, damages for a
breach of warranty should be calculated by multiplying the costs of cure by
the same multiplier. In my view, that proposition could not be derived from
the decision in _Senate Electrical_. In the course of his judgment, Stuart-
Smith LJ referred to three cases where a similar measure had been applied
including the Privy Council’s decision in _Lion Nathan Ltd v C-C Bottlers Ltd_
[1996] 1 WLR 1438 (“ _Lion Nathan_ ”). He noted that in _Lion Nathan_ where
the price paid by the plaintiff for a business was calculated on the basis of
20 times the forecast profits after tax in a particular financial year, a
breach of a warranty that the forecast had been calculated on a proper basis
and was achievable based on current trends and performance, had resulted in
the measure of damages applied being the multiplication of the shortfall in
the profits by the same multiplier of 20. Stuart-Smith LJ commented that this
case and the other two cited by counsel were cases where the original price
had been calculated on a profits/earnings ratio or where the experts had
agreed that this method of calculation was a proper basis for assessment. He,
however, declined to apply the same measure when assessing damages for breach
of warranty in _Senate Electrical_ itself. The court reminded itself that the
plaintiff had to prove both the fact of the loss and the quantum of damages.
In _Senate Electrical_ , Stuart-Smith LJ held that the price/earnings approach
was not appropriate where there were so many other factors apart from the
earnings which had induced the purchaser of the business to pay the price that
it had for the business.

36 _Lion Nathan_ itself did not help the plaintiff. As the defendants pointed
out, the multiplicand in _Lion Nathan_ was the earnings forecast as opposed to
the historical earnings figure. That was important but less important than the
point that the first question of enquiry was whether the multiplicand was
warranted. If it was warranted, then the second question was whether the
warranty had been breached and the third was to assess damages for that
breach. The Privy Council in _Lion Nathan_ held that the multiplicand was
warranted but also proceeded to discuss the nature of the warranty given. It
opined that if the seller had warranted that the earnings in August and
September 1989 would be $X, there would have been an analogy with a warranty
of quality and the damages would _prima facie_ have been the difference
between what the shares would have been worth if the earnings had been in
accordance with the warranty and what they were actually worth (_ie_ the
difference between what the goods as warranted would have been worth and what
they were actually worth). Accordingly, the measure of damages would be the
difference the company valued on the assumption that the earnings would be $X
and the actual value of the company, calculated by applying the same
multiplier to the actual earnings after tax.

37 The Privy Council also highlighted that, on the other hand, that where the
warranty given was that reasonable care had been taken in the preparation of a
forecast, there would be no analogy with a warranty of quality. As such, the
_prima facie_ rule for a breach of warranty of quality of goods would not be
applied, and then the damages should be the difference between the price
agreed upon on the assumption of $X earnings and what the price would have
been, using the same method of calculation, if the forecast had been properly
made.

38 In the present case, the plaintiff had not pleaded that there was a
warranty of the value of the EBITDA or a warranty that the EBITDA in the
Completion Statement was a figure upon which the plaintiff could rely in
calculating the purchase price, nor did any such warranties actually appear in
the SPA. Accordingly, the principles enunciated in _Lion Nathan_ could not
apply _ie_ the multiplier of seven applied to the EBITDA to obtain the
purchase price could not be used in any manner to calculate damages. There was
a leap of logic in the plaintiff’s conclusion that “applying the purchase
multiplier reflects the damages suffered by [the plaintiff]”. If the proper
measure of damages was the loss of bargain, then damages should be the
difference between the price actually paid and the true value of the business
at the time of the agreement. This true value in the light of the alleged
breaches would have to be pleaded and proved.

39 Finally, I shall deal very briefly with the argument of estoppel. In this
connection, the plaintiff’s argument was that the issue of whether it was
entitled to claim damages by multiplying the Recurring Costs by seven had been
determined in the Arbitration and therefore the defendants were estopped from
raising it for determination before the court. However, the decision of the
Arbitrator was not a final and conclusive judgment because it was a domestic
arbitration and HLPL had applied for leave to appeal against the decision on
the basis that it was wrong in law. Secondly, and perhaps more importantly,
the parties to the Arbitration and the parties to these proceedings are
different. The only parties to the Arbitration are the plaintiff and HLPL. The
defendants are not parties to the Arbitration and the decision made in the
Arbitration cannot bind them. The defendants here are sued in their personal
capacity as directors of the plaintiff. They have no right to be heard in the
Arbitration in their personal capacity albeit they may give evidence therein
on behalf of HLPL as its directors and may also be giving instructions on
behalf of HLPL in relation to the conduct of the Arbitration. I considered
that the determination of the arbitral tribunal did not offer any basis on
which the defendants could be estopped from questioning the way in which the
damages claim in this suit had been formulated.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 13 Aug 2008 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

