Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Wong Kian Kok and Another (liquidators of Asichem Trading (S) Pte Ltd (in
liquidation)) v Landmark Chemicals (Far East) Pte Ltd and Another  
[2008] SGHC 145

Case Number | : | Suit 239/2008, RA 286/2008  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 02 September 2008  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Choo Han Teck J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Cavinder Bull SC and Harleen Kaur (Drew & Napier LLC) for the plaintiff/respondent; Chelva Rajah SC (instructed) and Kesavan Nair (Genesis Law Corporation) for the first defendant/appellant   
Parties | : |  Wong Kian Kok and Another (liquidators of Asichem Trading (S) Pte Ltd (in liquidation)) — Landmark Chemicals (Far East) Pte Ltd; Landmark Chemicals S.A.   
  
Contract – Contractual terms  
  

2 September 2008 |   
---|---  
  
Choo Han Teck J:

1 The plaintiffs who are the liquidators of Asichem Trading (S) Pte Ltd sued
the first defendant in Suit 664 of 2003 and obtained interlocutory judgment
with damages to be assessed. The second defendant, an associated company of
the first defendant, had commenced arbitration proceedings against the
plaintiff. On 19 April 2006 the plaintiff and the first defendant were about
to proceed with the assessment of damages when they decided to negotiate a
global settlement that included the arbitration proceedings between the
plaintiff and the second defendant. The arbitration was originally scheduled
to take place from 24 to 26 April 2006. The assessment of damages was, in the
meantime, adjourned, first to 20 April 2006, then to 28 April 2006.

2 On 19 April 2006, an agreement was reached on terms that the first defendant
pays the plaintiff US$1,450,000 in full and final settlement of the
plaintiff’s claim in Suit 664 of 2003 within seven days and the second
defendant would withdraw its claim and discontinue the arbitration proceedings
against the plaintiffs.

3 There was a draft written agreement setting out the terms. The draft was not
signed but there was no dispute that the terms there were all agreed. The
relevant term was in cl 5 which reads:

If Landmark Far East fails to make or if Asichem or their nominees or assigns
fail to receive full and complete payment of the Settlement Sum to Asichem’s
bank account or accounts or such bank account or bank accounts to be nominated
by Asichem or to such bank account or accounts of Asichem’s assigns pursuant
to clause 2 above, Asichem shall be at liberty to revive their original claims
in the Action by filing and serving a fresh notice of appointment for
assessment of damages in the High Court of the Republic of Singapore.

The first defendant having failed to pay, the plaintiffs sued in this action
to recover the sum of US$1.45m under the agreement. They obtained summary
judgment against which the first defendant appealed. Mr Chelva Rajah SC
appeared on behalf of the first defendant and Mr Cavinder Bull SC appeared on
behalf of the plaintiffs.

4 Mr Chelva Rajah submitted that though the terms were agreed, there was one
material term not clear, and that was what were the consequences if payment
was not made by the first defendant. Since this was not settled, Mr Chelva
Rajah argued that the ‘agreement’ was inchoate and, therefore, there was no
settlement upon which the plaintiff could sue.

5 Mr Cavinder Bull submitted that all the material terms had been agreed and
an email setting out the terms were sent to the first defendant’s solicitors.
The plaintiffs then proceeded to assign its rights under the agreement to
Citichem International Ltd and gave the requisite notices of assignment to the
first defendant. This assignment was subsequently set aside on the ground that
it constituted unfair preference. The issue remained whether there was an
actionable settlement agreement for the plaintiffs to sue. Mr Chelva Rajah
said that it was “not that a material [term] was not agreed. The terms had
been agreed but [the parties had a] different understanding [of the terms].”
The plaintiffs understood the agreement to be that if the first defendant
failed to pay, the plaintiffs would have the option of suing on the US$1.45m
as agreed, or proceed to assessment of damages as was its right prior to the
agreement. In either case, the first defendant had agreed to the consequences,
that is, it could be sued on the US$1.45m or resume the assessment of damages
proceedings. The second defendant would not be involved since it would have
withdrawn its claims under arbitration. Mr Chelva Rajah argued that the
defendants understood the term in cl 5 to mean that if the plaintiffs
proceeded to have damages assessed, then the second defendant was entitled to
re-commence the arbitration.

6 I am of the opinion that an actionable agreement had been reached as set out
in the draft written agreement. The agreement made no provision as to the
second defendant’s rights in the event the plaintiffs take action against the
first defendant for non-compliance, and it was a sensible omission. The
intention of all parties was that all legal and arbitral proceedings should
end when the first defendant pays the plaintiffs US$1.45m within seven days.
Under those circumstances, the second defendant was happy to forgo all its
rights under arbitration. Should the first defendant fail to pay, the
plaintiff was entitled to proceed against the first defendant under the
agreement, without disturbing the second defendant. In these circumstances,
the misunderstanding of the rights of the second defendant in the event of the
first defendant’s failure to pay was an unnecessary worry for either
defendant. They would be in no worse position had the first defendant
performed its obligations under the settlement. By this action, the plaintiffs
were merely ensuring that it does. In either case, neither the first nor the
second defendant would have altered their positions in any way. The second
defendant is not a party to this appeal. I was of the view, therefore, that if
the first defendant wanted its full day in court to argue its case before the
trial judge, it has first to make full payment into court, and I so ordered.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 02 Sep 2008 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

