Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## VV and Another v VW  
[2008] SGHC 11

Case Number | : | OS 2160/2006  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 24 January 2008  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Judith Prakash J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Philip Jeyaretnam SC (Rodyk & Davidson LLP), Naresh Mahtani and Elizabeth Xue (Alban Tay Mahtani & de Silva LLP) for the plaintiffs; Davinder Singh SC, Tan Siu Lin and Ankur Gupta (Drew & Napier LLC) for the defendant   
Parties | : |  VV; B — VW   
  
Arbitration – Costs – Application to set aside costs award – Whether
arbitrator breaching rules of natural justice in deciding costs on scale on
which no evidence was given  
  
Arbitration – Costs – Application to set aside costs award – Whether
arbitrator having jurisdiction to award costs in respect of counterclaims put
forth as set-off defences when arbitrator had declined to assert jurisdiction
over them as counterclaims  
  
Arbitration – Costs – Application to set aside costs award – Whether costs
award in conflict with public policy in that it offended against principle of
proportionality  
  

24 January 2008 |  Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Judith Prakash J

1 This is an application by the plaintiffs to set aside an award made in an
international arbitration governed by the International Arbitration Act (Cap
143A, 2002 Rev Ed) (“the Act”). The plaintiffs were the claimants in the
arbitration and the defendant was the respondent and had also put forward a
counterclaim. Three awards were issued in the proceedings. The first was the
main award which was made on 11 April 2006 (“the Main Award”) and dealt with
the substantive issues in dispute, the second was a corrective award made on
11 May 2006 and the third was the award on costs made on 23 April 2006 (“the
Costs Award”). This application concerns the Costs Award and, as far as I am
aware, it is the first time in Singapore that any party to an international
arbitration has tried to set aside an award on costs under the Act.

2 By the Costs Award, the defendant was awarded a total sum of $2,805,498.52
as legal costs and expenses for the arbitration. The plaintiffs consider that
award to be completely out of proportion to the amount of time spent in the
arbitration proceedings, the issues that were submitted for the decision of
the Arbitrator and the amount involved. The arbitration took approximately
nine months from the appointment of the Arbitrator to the issue of the Main
Award and the amount claimed by the plaintiffs in the arbitration was just
under $1m.

Background

3 The course of events leading to the Costs Award is as follows. The
plaintiffs are an unincorporated joint venture comprising an Australian
company and a South-east Asian firm. The defendant is an Asian government. The
dispute that was the subject of the arbitration arose from a contract made
between the parties in December 1996 (“the Contract”) by which the defendant
engaged the plaintiffs to plan, design and provide work supervision services
for an infrastructure project in the defendant’s country. The Contract
provided for disputes under the Contract to be referred to arbitration and
prescribed two alternative modes for choosing the sole arbitrator and further
provided that, if both those methods failed, “the dispute shall be referred to
arbitration as prescribed by the Arbitration Act in force in Singapore”.

4 A dispute arose between the parties over the plaintiffs’ claim for payment
under cl 17.1(c) of one of the contractual documents, the Conditions of
Engagement (“the Conditions”) and on 10 March 2005, the plaintiffs issued to
the defendant a notice of arbitration. By this notice, the plaintiffs referred
to arbitration:

(a) the question as to what was the amount due and payable to the defendant
under cl 17 of the Conditions in connection with a 15-month period during
which work under the Contract had been suspended; and

(b) the question as to whether the plaintiffs were entitled to terminate the
Contract (or alternatively, terminate their appointment under the Contract) as
a result of the defendant’s failure to comply with its obligations under cl 17
of the Conditions.

The plaintiffs stressed that in paras 9 and 10 of the notice for arbitration,
they had stated specifically that the request for arbitration related only to
the two questions set out in the notice and that they expressly reserved all
their rights in respect of all other claims and issues. According to an
affidavit filed by one DD on behalf of the plaintiffs, the plaintiffs had
deliberately opted to pursue their claim under cl 17 in a limited reference in
a “limited arbitration” as they had been claiming that sum since July 1999 and
desired a quick and relatively inexpensive way to recover it. The amount
claimed by the plaintiffs as a disruption charge payable under cl 17 was
approximately $927,000.

5 The parties were unable to agree on an arbitrator. The plaintiffs therefore
asked the Singapore International Arbitration Centre (“SIAC”) to appoint an
arbitrator. On 30 June 2005, the Deputy Chairman of the SIAC appointed Mr Alan
J Thambiayah as the sole arbitrator in the arbitration. Subsequently, the
parties confirmed in writing that the procedural law governing the arbitration
was Singapore law and that the Act would apply to the arbitration.

6 On 5 July 2005, the defendant appointed M/s Drew & Napier to represent it in
the arbitration. The first preliminary meeting before the Arbitrator to deal
with procedural issues was held on 7 July 2005. In accordance with the
timetable established at that meeting, the plaintiffs filed their statement of
case on 22 July 2005 and the defendant filed its defence and counterclaim on
19 August 2005. Another preliminary meeting was held on 21 September 2005
which directed witness statements to be exchanged by 15 December 2005. The
hearing was scheduled to commence on 13 February 2006.

7 In the meantime, there was considerable correspondence between the parties.
The plaintiffs objected to the defendant’s introduction of extensive
counterclaims in the arbitration and maintained that the Arbitrator had no
jurisdiction to hear these counterclaims. They were concerned that an
arbitration which they thought could be decided mainly by reference to, and
construction of, documents was being turned, by the defendant, into a much
broader case that would involve extensive factual and expert witness evidence
relating to the defendant’s counterclaims. Accordingly, on 24 October 2005,
the plaintiffs filed a “Jurisdictional Objections Application”. The parties
then exchanged submissions. After hearing the application on 21 November 2005,
the Arbitrator decided that at that stage of the proceedings, with hardly any
evidential material relating to the defendant’s cross-claims available to him,
he was not in a position to decide whether he had or lacked jurisdiction over
the cross-claims. He held that he could only decide this question after
completing the substantive hearing the following year. In the letter of 5
December 2005 in which he conveyed this decision, the Arbitrator also stated:

I am of the view that a determination of the question whether an equitable
set-off has been established _does_ go to jurisdiction. In other words,
whether the [defendant] succeeds in this arbitration on the cross-claims
pleaded depends ultimately on whether I find, on the facts, that these amount
to permissible set-offs … If, on the other hand, I find that the [defendant]
cannot avail itself of the cross-claims as a set-off, then, whether [or] not
such cross-claims are meritorious, the Tribunal constituted for this
arbitration does not have jurisdiction in respect of the cross-claims.

It can be seen from the above that the Arbitrator’s view was that he had no
jurisdiction to consider the defendant’s cross-claims as independent claims or
causes of action but that he might, depending on the facts, have jurisdiction
to consider the defendant’s cross-claims as permissible set-offs and defences
to the plaintiffs’ claim. Accordingly, by this time, the Arbitrator had held
that he had no jurisdiction to award the defendant payment of any money as any
cross-claim established by the defendant would only go to diminish or
extinguish the amount to be awarded to the plaintiffs if they were successful
in their claim.

8 By its defence and counterclaim, the defendant had raised two main defences
and a host of counterclaims:

(a) the defendant’s first defence was that the plaintiffs were not
contractually entitled to the payment of a disruption charge under the
Contract;

(b) the second defence was that even if this disruption charge was payable,
the defendant had a defence of equitable set-off arising from losses caused by
the plaintiffs’ various breaches of the Contract (counterclaims) which
operated to extinguish the plaintiffs’ claim;

(c) the defendant also advanced the counterclaims as independent counterclaims
to claim damages against the plaintiffs.

The total value of the defendant’s counterclaims amounted to the equivalent of
$20m. There were ten counterclaims in all and the amounts of these ranged from
$12,500 to about $6.1m. Six of these counterclaims exceeded the plaintiffs’
claim.

9 The hearing of the arbitration took place as scheduled. The defendant led
evidence on its counterclaims and adduced the opinions of experts as part of
this evidence. Despite the Arbitrator having made known his views on 5
December 2005, it continued to submit in the proceedings that an award could
be made on the counterclaims as independent claims. Ultimately, the Arbitrator
decided in the defendant’s favour that the plaintiffs were not entitled to a
disruption charge pursuant to cl 17 of the Conditions. He therefore dismissed
the plaintiffs’ claim. The Arbitrator also considered the jurisdictional
points again and repeated his ruling that he had no jurisdiction over the
counterclaims as counterclaims and that the only dispute in respect of which
he had jurisdiction to hear and determine was the plaintiffs’ claim. He
concluded that the defendant’s counterclaims did not fall to be determined in
the arbitration because, first, insofar as they constituted substantive
defences of equitable set-off, it was unnecessary to consider them since the
plaintiffs’ claim had been dismissed, and second, insofar as they were
independent claims, no jurisdiction had been conferred on him to decide them.

The proceedings on costs

10 From the time of the Arbitrator’s decision not to make a ruling on
jurisdiction until after the substantive hearing, the plaintiffs were
concerned about the costs that would be involved in that hearing arising from
the presentation of the counterclaims. When they opened their case therefore,
the plaintiffs stated that they reserved their rights on costs and, at the end
of the hearing, they requested that costs be determined at a subsequent
hearing held after the substantive award was issued. In the Main Award, the
Arbitrator thus directed that there should be an inquiry as to which party
should bear the costs incurred with reference to the arbitration.

11 There were written submissions from the parties on the question of costs as
well as an oral hearing on 21 July 2006. The plaintiffs considered that they
were entitled to substantial costs to compensate them in part for the costs
incurred in defending the counterclaims on which the Arbitrator had ruled he
had no jurisdiction. The plaintiffs claimed 70% of their costs based on an
apportionment of time spent as between the claim and the counterclaims. The
plaintiffs submitted a bill of costs for taxation in which they claimed a
total of $1,120,669.75 as legal fees, $367,566.27 and CHF 299 as disbursements
and $39,908.99 as witnesses’ expenditures.

12 In its costs’ submissions, the defendant claimed its full costs on the
basis that costs follow the event and it was entitled to pursue a defence of
equitable set-off. The defendant argued that its counterclaims were not
improper or unreasonable and that the facts establishing its defences of
equitable set-offs and counterclaims were one and the same. The defendant
quantified its costs as follows: $2,566,705.84 as legal costs, $335,437.50 as
legal costs for interlocutory applications and $540,498.52 as disbursements. A
large part of the disbursements was made up of the fees of two expert
witnesses adduced by the defendant in support of its counterclaims. As for the
legal fees, these came in two parts. First, there were the fees charged by the
defendant’s senior counsel totalling $825,000, which comprised a brief fee of
$350,000 and a daily refresher of $25,000. The remaining $1,741,705.84
comprised the legal charges of the team of lawyers assisting the senior
counsel.

13 The Arbitrator’s decision was that the principle that costs should follow
the event should apply. The defendant, as the successful party, was granted
its costs of the arbitration, including the costs of its counterclaims. In
reaching this conclusion, the Arbitrator decided (at para 12 of the Costs
Award) that although the defendant’s counterclaims had not been determined in
the arbitration, insofar as the counterclaims had been relied upon to make out
a substantive defence of equitable set-off, they had not been unreasonably
raised as there was “some merit” to them as equitable set-offs. As for the
defendant’s argument that the counterclaims could also be determined as
independent counterclaims (because the Arbitrator’s jurisdiction had been
enlarged by agreement, and even if it had not), the Arbitrator decided (at
para 10 of the Costs Award) that although the defendant had failed on these
two points, these were but arguments which did not require any evidence
additional to that relied on for the defendant’s permissible substantive
defence.

14 Accordingly, the Arbitrator found (at para 15 of the Costs Award) that the
defendant’s unsuccessful arguments did not cause a significant increase in the
length of the proceedings or substantially add to the costs of the arbitration
and that the defendant was entitled to its costs of the same. Given however,
that the defendant had failed on the two points, the Arbitrator decided (at
para 21 of the Costs Award) that a discount should be factored into the legal
costs that the plaintiffs had to pay the defendant. The Arbitrator also gave a
discount to reflect the fact that in his view it was not reasonable for the
defendant’s solicitors to:

(a) charge for overtime or all overtime at double the normal hourly rates; or

(b) for the days spent by the defendant’s lawyers out of Singapore, to
allocate only five hours a day to be charged at normal hourly rates with the
remaining working hours per day considered as overtime.

The Arbitrator decided that “ _doing the best I can in all the circumstances_
… a fair estimate of what would constitute reasonable fees for the
[defendant’s] senior counsel is $725,000” (emphasis added). As far as the rest
of the legal team was concerned, he considered that a fair estimate of
reasonable fees for them was $1.5m. He accordingly awarded a total of $2.25m
to the defendant as its legal fees. He also allowed the defendant its full
disbursements and a sum of $40,000 for the costs hearing itself.

The application

15 As the plaintiffs are well aware, the grounds available under the Act to
set aside an arbitration award are extremely limited. The court does not
exercise any appellate function and therefore an award cannot be overturned
even if it is based on errors of law or fact. Under the Act, however, an award
may be set aside, if, _inter alia_ , it is in conflict with the public policy
of Singapore or a breach of the rules of natural justice occurred in
connection with its making.

16 The plaintiffs mount their attack on the Costs Award on the following main
grounds:

(a) The Costs Award is in conflict with the public policy of Singapore in that
it awards the defendant a quantum of costs that is wholly disproportionate to
the amount at stake in the arbitration _ie_ it offends against the principle
of proportionality. The breach of the proportionality principle is not
justified by the fact that the defendant incurred costs in raising
counterclaims because the arbitrator never in fact held in the Main Award that
he had jurisdiction over these counterclaims.

(b) The arbitrator had no jurisdiction to award costs to the defendant in
respect of counterclaims made by the defendant over which the arbitrator in
the Main Award had already declined to assert jurisdiction.

(c) The arbitrator acted in breach of natural justice when he awarded costs on
a scale based on an alleged international arbitration practice on which no
evidence was given.

**_The public policy ground_**

17 Any party to an international arbitration who seeks to set aside the award
made in that arbitration on the ground that the same is in breach of the
public policy of Singapore has a difficult task. As the Court of Appeal
explained at para 59 of its judgment in _PT Asuransi Jasa Indonesia (Persero)
v Dexia Bank SA_ [2007] 1 SLR 597 (“the _Asuransi_ case”) the concept of
public policy of the State under the Act encompasses a narrow scope. Chan Sek
Keong CJ went on to state:

In our view, [public policy] should only operate in instances where the
upholding of an arbitral award would “shock the conscience” … or is “clearly
injurious to the public good or … wholly offensive to the ordinary reasonable
and fully informed member of the public”, … or where it violates the forum’s
most basic notion of morality and justice.

It is also important to note that assertions of breach of public policy cannot
be vague and generalised. As the High Court stated in _John Holland Pty Ltd v
Toyo Engineering Corp (Japan)_ [2001] 2 SLR 262, a party seeking to challenge
an award on this ground must identify the public policy which the award
allegedly breaches and then must show which part of the award conflicts with
that public policy.

18 For the purpose of this judgment, I must be guided by the pronouncements of
the Court of Appeal in the _Asuransi_ case. The plaintiffs cited formulations
of public policy from courts in the Philippines and Zimbabwe which were
slightly different from those endorsed in the _Asuransi_ case. It would not
only confuse the issue but would also be inappropriate for me to apply such
formulations. Where there is direct authority from our Court of Appeal as to
the relevant tests, such authority must be followed and it would not be right
for me to try and put a gloss on the principles expressed by the Court of
Appeal by reference to the pronouncements of judges in other jurisdictions.

19 The plaintiffs contended that the principle of procedural proportionality
was a cornerstone of the Singapore justice system and thereby, part of the
public policy of Singapore. Further, the Costs Award in the sum of
$2,805,498.52 for the defendant’s legal costs and expenses was so out of
proportion to the amount in dispute that it shocked the conscience, or would
be wholly offensive to the ordinary reasonable and fully informed member of
the public or alternatively it violated Singapore’s most basic notion of
morality and justice.

20 The first sub-issue that I must address therefore is whether there is a
principle of proportionality in relation to costs and, if so, what it covers.
In the view of the plaintiffs, this principle mandates that in the assessment
of the legal costs to be paid by one party to another, the adjudicator must
ensure that the amount of costs awarded is proportionate to the amount
involved in the proceedings in which the costs are being assessed and to the
other circumstances of the case. The defendant, on the other hand, doubted the
existence of the principle and also argued that even if it existed, it was not
applicable in international arbitrations and an international arbitrator would
not be obliged to have regard to it.

21 The plaintiffs cited a number of authorities to support their argument but
were not able to find Singapore case authority or Singapore legislation that
directly reflected their stand. The closest they came to local authority on
the point was a paper entitled _Proportionality – Cost-Effective Justice_
which was delivered by District Judge James Leong at the 22nd AIJA
International Conference. There Mr Leong stated that it was in the area of
procedural justice that the doctrine of proportionality manifested itself most
strongly in the Singapore civil justice system. He also said that although
proportionality was not expressly stated as an overriding objective of the
Rules of the Supreme Court, it was in his view clear that the principle of
proportionality “underlines the civil justice process and civil justice system
in Singapore”. This was because first, amendments to the Rules of Court
governing costs indicated an intention to keep the costs of litigation in
Singapore at a reasonable amount commensurate with the value and nature of the
subject matter; second, judicial pronouncements discouraged litigants from
unreasonably conducting proceedings to obtain undue advantage and to escalate
costs; and third, there was a strong culture of judicial case management in
Singapore. I think it is worth noting that Mr Leong defined proportionality as
a principle of justice “requiring a reasonable relationship between the
objective that is to be achieved and the means by which this was to be done”.
Mr Leong’s paper was mainly concerned with demonstrating the various methods
that Singapore has adopted to try to manage the costs of dispute resolution.

22 The plaintiffs also sought to rely on the case of _Re_  _Econ Corp Ltd (In
provisional liquidation)_ [2004] 2 SLR 264 (“the _Econ Corp_ case”). Although
that case related to the fees charged by the provisional liquidator of the
company concerned, the plaintiffs considered that the observations of VK Rajah
J (as he then was) were applicable in the present case. They noted that the
judge had not only asserted that judicial control over the fees of a
professional liquidator was in the interest of the public but had also
stressed that in determining the appropriate fee level, the court would want
to know the value contributed to the matter by the insolvency practitioner
concerned. VK Rajah J indicated (at para 60) that the basis ultimately applied
“must be characterised by fairness and reasonableness” and had also observed
(at para 74) that there was “a very strong public interest element dictating
that costs in Singapore be competitive and reasonable at all times”. The
plaintiffs laid emphasis on the judge’s statement that “proportionality and
the rendering of value are integral to professionalism” (at para 75) though I
should point out that that statement related to the way in which professionals
should charge for their services rather than to the basis on which a court or
arbitrator should determine the quantum of legal fees when tasked to do so. In
my view, the _Econ Corp_ case only has a marginal relevance to the issue
currently before me.

23 The plaintiffs noted that the proportionality principle had been adopted in
other common law jurisdictions. That may be so but the main example given by
the plaintiffs, _ie_ their reference to the Civil Procedure Rules 1998 (Rules
44.3, 44.4 and 44.5) of England and Wales (“the CPR”), showed that in that
jurisdiction specific regulations had been passed to incorporate the concept
of proportionality in the assessment of costs. It is worth noting that the
position in England prior to the introduction of the CPR was very similar to
the procedural regime that still applies in Singapore. The CPR introduced the
requirement that assessment of litigation costs on the standard basis would
allow such costs “which are proportionate to the matters in issue” or “were
reasonably incurred or reasonable and proportionate in amount”. The CPR also
emphasises that in deciding whether costs are proportionate or not the court
has to have regard to “all the circumstances” and there is no specification in
the CPR that the amount of the dispute is the only or prevailing circumstance
to be considered. In the case of _Home Office v Lownds_ [2002] 1 WLR 2450
(“the _Lownds_ case”) which considered these provisions in the CPR, Lord Woolf
CJ held that the requirement of proportionality applied to decisions as to
whether an order for costs should be made and to the assessment of the costs
which should be paid when an order had been made. He advised too that the
court must attach appropriate significance to the requirement of
proportionality when assessing the amount of costs.

24 In Australia, the idea of proportionality in costs seems to be gaining
ground. Chief Justice Spiegelman of the Supreme Court of New South Wales, in
an address entitled “Access to Justice and Access to Lawyers” delivered in
2007 to the 35th Australian Legal Convention, took the view that the “cost of
dispute resolution must in some manner be proportionate to what is in
dispute”. Then, in _Seven Network Limited v News Limited_ [2007] FCA 1062,
Justice Sackville of the Federal Court of Australia estimated the legal
expenses to be nearly A$200m and noted that the maximum amount at stake in the
litigation was not likely to be very much more than that amount. He considered
that expenditure of A$200m on a single case was extraordinarily wasteful and
bordering on the scandalous and found it “difficult to understand how the
costs incurred by the parties can be said to be proportionate to what is truly
at stake (measured in financial terms)”.

25 No case authorities were cited which dealt directly with the concept of
proportionality in relation to arbitration costs. The plaintiffs took heart
from the fact that the 3rd Edition of the SIAC Rules expressly provides for
the capping of the “costs of arbitration” by applying a rate that is
predicated on the amount involved in the dispute. They argued that this
recognised the principle of proportionality in relation to costs as applicable
in international arbitrations in Singapore. As the defendant was quick to
emphasize however, the “costs of the arbitration” was defined by those rules
to refer to the tribunal’s fees and expenses, the SIAC’s fees and expenses and
the costs of expert advice required by the tribunal. This capping measure
could therefore equally well be seen as a measure aimed at making the SIAC
attractive for international arbitrations. The legal fees incurred by the
parties are not covered by the SIAC Rules and there is no provision for such
fees to be capped or to be proportionate to the amount in dispute.

26 On the other hand, _Guideline_  _9: Guideline for Arbitrators on Making
Orders Relating to the Costs of the Arbitration_ of _The Practice Guide_ (“the
Arbitration Practice Guide”) issued by the Chartered Institute of Arbitrators
provides at section 5.2.6:

There is no doubt that an arbitrator is entitled to take into account whether
the receiving party’s costs were “proportionate” and many arbitrators have
always done this. A difficulty is created by the fact that Section 65(3) [of
the English Arbitration Act 1996] refers only to reasonableness. It is thought
that an arbitrator could not be criticised if he regarded proportionality as
an aspect of reasonableness. The safest course however is for the arbitrator
to specify the “basis” on which he has acted in determining costs by reference
to a formula which includes a reference to proportionality.

The above passage is not completely helpful to the plaintiffs as it appears to
indicate that applying the principle of proportionality is an option rather
than a requirement in assessing the legal costs of a party to an arbitration.
There is another passage in the same guide (s 1.6) which explains that the CPR
does not apply to arbitration proceedings and that there is no requirement
that arbitrators must act “judicially” in the sense that they must follow the
same principles that a court would in making costs orders.

27 The defendant considered it absurd that a costs award which is more than
what a losing party believes is fair would “shock the conscience” or be
“clearly injurious to the public good” or violate a Singaporean’s “most basic
notion of morality and justice”. If so, it argued, every review of taxation in
court would engage issues of public policy. Therefore, it contended even
taking the plaintiffs’ case at its highest, there would be simply no issue,
let alone breach, of public policy. Additionally, the Arbitrator was not bound
to have regard to the principle of proportionality.

28 The authorities cited by the plaintiffs do show that in relation to civil
litigation, the courts, recognising their pivotal role in the provision of
justice to the public, are concerned that access to justice shall not be
obstructed or nullified by excessive costs orders. This concern is reflected
not only in the way that the courts approach the making and taxation of costs
orders but, among other measures, also in the differing jurisdictions of the
various judicial bodies that operate in Singapore so that individuals with
smaller claims can pursue them in the Magistrate’s or District Court rather
than the High Court and thereby incur a lower level of expense. As part of
civil litigation in the courts and to enable the courts to maintain their
control over legal costs, all costs can be taxed whether as between party and
party or as between solicitor and client. The taxation process in the courts
is governed by the Rules of Court (2004 Rev Ed). At present, the costs
provisions of the Rules of Court do not make any reference to proportionality.
As shown in the paper delivered by Mr Leong, the principle of proportionality
has been reflected in a more general way and not directly in the assessment of
party and party costs. Whilst that principle may influence a taxing officer
when he is considering whether the conduct of litigation has been reasonable,
there is nothing in Singapore law, unlike the position in England, which
compels the taxing officer to give regard to the principle. In the future,
however, in view of increasing judicial recognition of the value of the
principle in relation to the control of costs, it would not be a surprise if
there were changes to the Rules of Court to incorporate it specifically.
Overall, therefore, while there is a general public policy implemented by the
courts to keep some control over the costs of litigation, the principle of
proportionality is not formally entrenched in relation to taxation of costs in
court.

29 The courts will however, move to provide redress whenever it is clear that
excessive costs have been claimed. If this application arose out of a dispute
heard in court and appeared before me as a review of taxation proceedings, it
is likely that I would have opened it up to determine whether it was
reasonable for one party to have to pay such a high quantum in costs. While
the courts recognise that senior counsel with particular expertise are able to
command certain fee levels, there is within any common law system an inherent
bench marking process which would be able to assess what the reasonable and
appropriate figure would be in the circumstances within the general prevailing
legal market. This does not necessarily relate to what a particular counsel
might charge his client (and what the client might be content to pay for the
expertise). Indeed every counsel of standing should be able to ask his client
to pay his market price. In the court system, however, a client would pay this
price knowing that, even if successful, he may not thereafter be able to
recover all amounts so paid from his opponent.

30 The situation in arbitration proceedings is, however, somewhat different.
From the authorities cited to me it is clear that in international
arbitrations the entitlement of the successful party to costs and the way in
which such costs should be assessed are hotly debated issues. For example,
concerns have been expressed about the differing levels of costs incurred
depending on which jurisdiction the counsel employed come from as rates,
naturally, vary substantially from country to country. Despite the concerns,
except in very limited circumstances, the merit of the arbitral process as
opposed to civil litigation is that the parties have many liberties in the
process of adjudication of their dispute, the principal one being the choice
of who determines the dispute for them. Essentially this means that the
parties choose a person they trust to adjudicate their dispute fairly and must
then stand or fall by that choice. Where institutional arbitration has been
chosen by the parties the appointment is sometimes made not by the parties
themselves but by a named institution; and such institution conducts various
phases of the arbitration and may even become involved in some instances (the
SIAC is an example) in the taxation of costs. Where an institution administers
an arbitration, it must scrupulously supervise and keep track of how an
arbitrator performs. Reputable institutions do perform this function well.
There are situations, however, where the institution serves only as a default
appointing authority. In these cases, the institution has no control over the
conduct of the arbitration (and is not intended by the parties to have such
control). I sometimes wonder whether or not in cases like this where the
parties have no other recourse, not even the publication of an award or a
discussion of how the arbitration was handled due to confidentiality, the
courts should in very restricted and specific circumstances exercise a
supervisory role to prevent or curb excesses. That, however, is not something
I can do under the present regime. Legislative intervention would be required
to change it.

31 I have said what I said in the proceeding paragraphs because I have
concluded that it is not part of the public policy of Singapore to ensure that
the costs incurred by parties to private litigation outside the court system
_eg_ arbitration whether the same is domestic or international, are assessed
on the basis of any particular principle including the proportionality
principle. That is not to say that arbitrators should not follow established
legal principles when assessing costs payable by one party to another but
simply that there are no public policy implications connected with that
procedure. There is no public interest involved in the legal costs of parties
to one-off and private litigation. Such litigation sets no precedents and
binds no one apart from the immediate parties. The immediate parties are
parties to the arbitration because they had a pre-existing contractual
relationship by which they had decided (probably, though not always, with the
benefit of legal advice) that disputes arising under the contract were to be
settled in this way outside the judicial system. There is no issue of such
parties having been fortuitously involved in litigation as is often the case
in court where claims arise not only out of contract but also out of tort and
non-commercial relationships. The concern that has been expressed by judges
and others as to keeping the costs of litigation in proportion to the
circumstances of the case has been a concern that related to court litigation
and the general rubric of “access to justice”. From a policy perspective, this
concern does not extend to private arbitrators despite personal misgivings at
the quantum of any costs award in such litigation. I do not think that the
amount of costs awarded by an arbitrator to a successful party in an
arbitration proceeding could ever be considered to be injurious to the public
good or shocking to the conscience no matter how unreasonable such an award
may prove to be upon examination. The courts adhere to the policy of party
autonomy embodied in the Act and reflected by the limited grounds on which
they may interfere in the arbitral process. The prevailing public policy being
that substantive arbitral awards are inviolable notwithstanding mistakes of
fact or law, it would be odd for the courts to be able to justify interfering
with the quantum of costs awarded by an arbitrator by invoking public policy.

32 It follows from what I have said above that in my judgment the plaintiffs
have no basis to challenge the Costs Award on public policy grounds. This
decision is not dependent on whether the principle of proportionality is a
part of Singapore procedural law or not or the content of that principle or
the issue of whether the Costs Award offends the principle. As the matter may
go up on appeal, however, it may be helpful for me to express my views on the
subsidiary points.

33 I am persuaded by the authorities that the proportionality principle is not
limited to a relationship between the amount involved in the dispute and the
amount of costs awarded. What is truly meant by this principle is that when
legal costs have to be assessed, all circumstances of the legal proceedings
concerned have to be looked into, not only the amount of the dispute though
that is an important factor, especially when assessing whether the amount of
work done was reasonable, but also everything else that occurred. In this
connection, as I have noted above, Rule 44.5 of the CPR makes it clear that
whether an English court is considering “reasonableness” (when it assesses
costs on an indemnity basis) or both “proportionality” and “reasonableness”
(when it assesses costs on a standard basis), all relevant factors have to be
taken into account. This rule reads:

**Factors to be taken into account in deciding the amount of costs**

**(1)** The court is to have regard to all the circumstances in deciding
whether costs were –

(a) if it is assessing costs on the standard basis –

(i) proportionately and reasonably incurred; or

(ii) were proportionate and reasonable in amount, or

(b) if it is assessing costs on the indemnity basis –

(i) unreasonably incurred; or

(ii) unreasonable in amount.

…

**(3)** The court must also have regard to –

(a) the conduct of all the parties, including in particular –

(i) conduct before, as well as during, the proceedings; and

(ii) the efforts made, if any, before and during the proceedings in order to
try to resolve the dispute;

(b) the amount or value of any money or property involved;

(c) the importance of the matter to all the parties;

(d) the particular complexity of the matter or the difficulty or novelty of
the questions raised;

(e) the skill, effort, specialised knowledge and responsibility involved;

(f) the time spent on the case; and

(g) the place where and the circumstances in which work or any part of it was
done.

Lord Woolf CJ said that the policy behind these rules was that litigation
should be conducted in a proportionate manner, where possible at a
proportionate cost. In assessing proportion, he said, at para 31 of his
judgment, that what was required was a two-stage approach. He explained:

There has to be a global approach and an item by item approach. The global
approach will indicate whether the total sum claimed is or appears to be
disproportionate having particular regard to the considerations which CPR r
44.5(3) states are relevant. If the costs as a whole are not disproportionate
according to that test then all that is normally required is that each item
should have been reasonably incurred and the cost for that item should be
reasonable. If on the other hand the costs as a whole appear disproportionate
then the court will want to be satisfied that the work in relation to each
item was necessary and, if necessary, that the cost of the item is reasonable.
If, because of lack of planning or due to other causes, the global costs are
disproportionately high, then the requirement that the costs should be
proportionate means that no more should be payable than would have been
payable if the litigation had been conducted in a proportionate manner. This
in turn means that reasonable costs will only be recovered for the items which
were necessary if the litigation had been conducted in a proportionate manner.

34 The above citation sets out the general approach advocated by Lord Woolf
CJ. He also had advice to give regarding the questions of principle as to
whether (a) the costs awarded to a successful litigant may or should be
reduced if they are disproportionate to the amount claimed in the action and
(b) whether such costs may or should be reduced if they are disproportionate
to the amount recovered in the action; taking into account other relevant
considerations. On these issues, Lord Woolf said at para 39 of his judgment:

… [W]here a claimant recovers significantly less than he has claimed, the
following approach should be followed. Whether the costs incurred were
proportionate should be decided having regard to what it was reasonable for
the party in question to believe might be recovered. Thus (i) the
proportionality of the costs incurred by the claimant should be determined
having regard to the sum that it was reasonable for him to believe that he
might recover at the time he made his claim; (ii) the proportionality of the
costs incurred by the defendant should be determined having regard to the sum
that it was reasonable for him to believe that the claimant might recover,
should his claim succeed. This is likely to be the amount that the claimant
has claimed, for a defendant will normally be entitled to take a claim at its
face value.

40 The rationale for this approach is that a claimant should be allowed to
incur the cost necessary to pursue a reasonable claim but not allowed to
recover costs increased or incurred by putting forward an exaggerated claim
and a defendant should not be prejudiced if he assumes the claim which was
made was one which was reasonable and incurs costs in contesting the claim on
this assumption.

35 If the principle of proportionality as embodied in the CPR and further
elaborated by Lord Woolf were to be part of the public policy of Singapore
applicable to arbitrations, then I consider that, quite apart from challenging
the rates the defendant’s lawyers charged their clients, the plaintiffs would
have a very good argument that the amount awarded to the defendant by the
Arbitrator in the Costs Award was disproportionate. This is because, applying
the test set out above, the defendant in putting forward its full
counterclaims, was in fact putting forward an exaggerated claim and, in my
view, should have been allowed only the costs necessary to pursue its
reasonable claim that was sufficient to meet the plaintiffs’ claim. It was not
necessary, in my view, for the defendant to pursue all ten counterclaims when
a combination of two or three would have been more than sufficient to
extinguish the quantum of the plaintiffs’ claim if the same had succeeded.

36 The defendant asserted that the amount at stake in the arbitration was far
more than the sum of $927,000 claimed by the plaintiffs because of the
presence of the defendant’s counterclaims. As the plaintiffs argued, however,
that assertion was not strictly correct. On 5 December 2005, the Arbitrator
had made a negative ruling on jurisdiction to the effect that he had no power
to consider the cross-claims raised by the defendant except insofar as they
amounted to equitable set-offs. In short, he had no power to award to the
defendant payment of any money. The Arbitrator’s jurisdiction over the
counterclaims therefore was limited to the extent that they amounted to
equitable set-offs. Thus, the moment they exceeded the amount of any award to
the plaintiffs, they ceased to be claimable. This meant that the amount at
stake was never more than approximately $927,000. The net payment ordered by
the Arbitrator, if any, could only vary between $0 and $927,000 and only in
favour of the plaintiffs.

37 The defendant continued to argue that it was entitled to payment of the
cross-claims if they were equitable set-offs and “over-topped” the amount
awarded to the plaintiffs but, as the plaintiffs submitted, this was a
hopeless argument in view of the Arbitrator’s prior ruling on jurisdiction and
duly failed. The Arbitrator, rather kindly, described this as “a valiant but
ultimately unsuccessful effort” in paragraph 10 of his Costs Award. In view of
the Arbitrator’s prior ruling on 5 December 2005, however, it cannot be said
that the defendant held a reasonable belief that it might recover more than
the maximum possible set-off amount of $927,000. Applying the test in the
_Lownds_ case, the total amount of the defendant’s counterclaims would be
irrelevant in assessing what would be deemed to be reasonable and
proportionate costs.

38 Quite apart from comparing the amount of costs awarded with the amount of
the claim, it would be obvious that if the defendant had chosen to put forward
only two or three of its counterclaims as equitable defences to the
plaintiffs’ claim, the amount of work involved and the amount of disbursements
incurred could have been reduced substantially thus resulting in a substantial
reduction as well in the legal costs incurred by the defendant. Thus, from
this point of view as well, the Costs Award was a disproportionate one.

**_The jurisdictional ground_**

39 The second ground put forward by the plaintiffs was that the Arbitrator had
no jurisdiction to award costs to the defendant in respect of counterclaims
raised by the defendant and over which at no point did he take jurisdiction
whether as equitable set-offs or otherwise. They stated that this conclusion
can be tested in the following way. The scope of an arbitration clause may
sometimes be unclear, for example, whether it extends to non-contractual
causes of action. If a party invokes arbitration for such a non-contractual
cause of action, and the arbitrator does not accept jurisdiction over that
cause of action, the party can never recover the costs of its unsuccessful
attempt no matter how reasonably it acted in bringing forward this cause of
action.

40 The plaintiffs reiterated that they had objected to the Arbitrator’s
jurisdiction to hear the counterclaims. This issue was finally determined in
the Main Award when the Arbitrator held that, (a) his jurisdiction had not
been enlarged by agreement and (b) he had no jurisdiction over the pleaded and
argued counterclaims as independent counterclaims. The Arbitrator did not hold
in the Main Award that the counterclaims qualified as defences of equitable
set-offs and that consequently he had jurisdiction over them on this basis.
The plaintiffs argued that therefore the Arbitrator became _functus officio_
in relation to these issues prior to making the Costs Award. Pursuant to s 19B
of the Act, the Main Award as “final and binding” on the parties and under
sub-s 19B(2), the Arbitrator did not have the jurisdiction nor power to “vary,
amend, correct, review, add to or revoke” his finding in the Main Award.

41 Notwithstanding this, the Arbitrator held in para 12 of the Costs Award
that “prima facie at least, there was some merit to the [defendant’s] set-off
defence”. The plaintiffs submitted that this statement was totally
inconsistent with para 51 of the Main Award in which he had stated that the
defendant’s counterclaims did not fall to be determined in the arbitration
because, first insofar as they constituted substantive defences of equitable
set-off, it was unnecessary to do so and, second, insofar as they were
independent claims, no jurisdiction had been conferred on him to decide them.

42 The plaintiffs asserted that the statement in para 12 of the Costs Award
relating to the _prima facie_ merit of the set-off defence could not change
the position that the Arbitrator did not at any time assert jurisdiction over
the counterclaims. During the arbitration hearing, he had simply carried on
hearing evidence and arguments concerning the counterclaims and then when it
came to the crunch of deciding on his jurisdiction, he had come to the
conclusion expressed in para 51 of the Main Award.

43 The defendant’s response to the above submission was as follows. First, the
Arbitrator did hold in the Main Award that he had jurisdiction over the
counterclaims insofar as they qualified as defences of set-off. At para 44, he
stated that he had jurisdiction to hear any allegation made by the defendant
against the plaintiffs provided it raised a legal or equitable defence to the
claim and at para 45, he noted that if the counterclaims were pure defences to
the claims, then the merits of both the claims and the counterclaims would
have to be determined within the arbitration. Finally, at para 49, he observed
that he could hear and determine the counterclaims insofar as they qualified
as defences by way of equitable set-off to reduce the plaintiffs’ claim. The
Arbitrator did not take the next step of determining whether the counterclaims
actually qualified as defences because insofar as this question had to be
answered for the purposes of deciding liability, there was no need for him to
do so as the plaintiffs’ claim had failed.

44 The question was whether the Arbitrator should have made such a
determination on the cross-claims for the purpose of deciding costs. The
defendant submitted that there was no need for him to do so because the
plaintiffs had asked that the question of costs be determined at a separate
hearing. As the Arbitrator noted in his supplemental award:

The plaintiffs have asked that costs be determined at a subsequent hearing and
the [defendant has] not objected. The question of which party should bear the
costs of these proceedings …, the basis of assessment of costs and the quantum
of costs will have to be determined at a subsequent hearing.

This request was made by the plaintiffs on 20 March 2006 at the end of the
hearing. In the light of the plaintiffs’ request, the Arbitrator adjourned the
question of costs to be heard separately and stated in his Main Award that it
was final save as to costs. During the costs inquiry, the plaintiffs
themselves (said the defendant) asked the Arbitrator to make a finding on
whether the counterclaims qualified as equitable defences and made assertions
to the effect that the counterclaims were “unmeritorious as defences”,
“inherently unworthy as equitable set-offs” and “had no merit” such that they
could not be said to have been properly or reasonably raised. In these
circumstances, the defendant submitted, there was no basis for the assertion
that the Arbitrator was not entitled to determine the question of the standing
of the counterclaims at the costs inquiry. The question was placed before the
Arbitrator by both parties and therefore was well within his jurisdiction.

45 Whilst, initially, the plaintiffs’ arguments appeared attractive, I have
concluded on further consideration that they should be rejected. Once the
plaintiffs had submitted their claim to arbitration the defendant was entitled
to raise all defences that it possessed to the same including any claims that
could be set-off against any award made in the plaintiffs’ favour. The
Arbitrator’s jurisdiction to determine the plaintiffs’ claim obviously
included a jurisdiction to hear and determine the defendants’ defence and that
would mean he also had jurisdiction to hear the set-off claims. It was
incorrect for the plaintiffs to argue that the Arbitrator did not take
jurisdiction over the counterclaims simply because he did not make any finding
on their merits. The merit or lack of merit of the counterclaims insofar as
they constituted set offs and the issue whether it was reasonable for the
defendant to raise all of them could only go towards influencing the nature
and quantum of the costs order. The manner in which those points were
determined could not in itself confer jurisdiction on the Arbitrator to make a
costs order or deprive him of the jurisdiction he already had to make orders
on how the costs of the arbitration should be apportioned. Just to make my
position clear, I repeat that the Arbitrator had jurisdiction over the whole
of the claim and the whole of the defence and the fact that in the
circumstances due to the failure of the claim it was not necessary for the
Arbitrator to consider the merits of the set-off defences cannot deprive the
Arbitrator of that jurisdiction which included the power to decide on how the
costs of the arbitration should be borne.

**_Breach of natural justice_**

46 In paras 20 and 21 of the Costs Award, the Arbitrator stated:

20\. The [plaintiffs] also produced Singapore High Court authorities on
taxation of costs in domestic court cases and submitted that these were
precedents that served as a guideline for me in the exercise of ascertaining
the quantum of costs payable. _It seems to me that reliance on domestic court
taxation ‘precedents’ quite simply ignores the reality of the practice
relating to assessment of costs obtaining in Singapore, in international
commercial arbitrations._

Furthermore, this approach is clearly not consonant with the basis on which
the [plaintiffs] themselves seek payment of their legal costs. As noted above,
the [plaintiffs] ask for payment of _all_ their legal costs incurred in
connection with the [defendant’s] counterclaims. I have to assume that the
ground on which such a claim for full payment of costs has been made is that
the [plaintiffs’] lawyers’ fees, as charged, are reasonable because the
[plaintiffs], as reasonable litigants, considered such fees to be reasonable.

21\. The [plaintiffs] also took objection to the [defendant’s] engagement of
Senior Counsel and to the brief fee and daily refresher charged by Senior
Counsel. These objections are misplaced. The dispute or the subject of this
arbitration was of such a nature and complexity that the engagement of highly
competent and experienced counsel (such as [the plaintiffs’] counsel) or
Senior Counsel was merited. _In my view, the fees charged by [the defendant’s]
counsel are in line with those charged by eminent leading counsel instructed
to represent litigants in international commercial arbitrations in Singapore
and other recognised international arbitration venues._

22\. As for the fees charged by the other lawyers in the [defendant’s] legal
team I think a discount is warranted for the reasons adverted to in paragraph
21 above and also because, in my view, it is not reasonable either:

a) to charge for overtime or all overtime at double the normal hourly rates or

b) for the days spent by the [defendant’s] lawyers out of Singapore, to
allocate only 5 hours per day to be charged at normal hourly rates with the
remaining working hours per day considered as overtime.

_Again, doing the best I can in the circumstances, I think a fair estimate of
what constitutes reasonable fees for the rest of the [defendant’s] legal team
is S$1,500,000.00._ I FIND accordingly.

(emphasis added)

47 The plaintiffs took issue with the Arbitrator’s acceptance of the
defendant’s senior counsel’s brief fee and daily refresher rates. They alleged
that, at the hearing, the defendant had not provided any evidence of what
leading counsel might charge. Noting that the rate claimed by the defendant’s
senior counsel was $25,000 per day, the plaintiffs calculated that this worked
out to $2,500 per hour on the basis of a ten-hour day and contrasted that
figure with Justice VK Rajah’s observation in the _Econ Corp_ case (at para
56) that the rate of $1,000 per hour for an insolvency practitioner seemed
excessive when measured against what the courts allowed in 2004 for counsel in
taxation proceedings.

48 The plaintiffs’ submission was essentially that the Arbitrator’s expression
of and reliance on a matter of fact – to fees charged by leading counsel in
international commercial arbitrations – without any evidence of those fees
being provided, nor any opportunity given to the plaintiffs to test that
evidence, was in clear breach of the rules of natural justice.

49 During the taxation submissions, the plaintiffs said, they had referred to
precedents in Singapore concerning the quantum of costs and assisted the
Arbitrator with a breakdown and analysis of the proportion of documentation,
time and costs incurred in the arbitration by the counterclaim and
jurisdictional arguments relating to the counterclaims (about 70% of the costs
were incurred on account of the counterclaims). In contrast, the defendant did
not offer any alternative analysis, breakdown, formula or precedents on
reasonable costs. The plaintiffs thought it was questionable on what basis the
Arbitrator granted his own minor “discount” against the fees of the
defendant’s legal team when there was no alternative evidence or formula
proferred by the defendant or the Arbitrator to contradict the plaintiffs’
assessment that 70% of the costs incurred in the case arose in connection with
the counterclaims. The Arbitrator did not refer to the evidence put forward by
the plaintiffs, but dismissed as irrelevant the authorities on costs submitted
and came to his own conclusion on fees charged in international commercial
arbitrations.

50 The plaintiffs further argued that if the Arbitrator had noted the evidence
tendered by them of taxed fees in Singapore, brought into the scale evidence
of higher fees in arbitration cases, and then made a judgment based on that
evidence, he could not be criticised. But simply to accept $2,500 per hour (on
the basis of a ten-hour day) without any evidence of this height ever having
been scaled before, purportedly on his own view of what other leading counsel
charged, and in doing so to dismiss the Singapore precedents on taxation
submitted by the plaintiffs as irrelevant, was a breach of natural justice. In
this instance, the rule of natural justice that was breached was the
obligation to give the parties the opportunity to deal with arguments or
matters that had not been advanced by either party. The plaintiffs cited in
support the case of _Gbangbola v Smith & Sheriff Ltd_ [1998] 3 All ER 730
which concerned an award on costs. In that case, the arbitrator referred to
two matters in his decision on costs that had not been advanced by either
party. When the decision was challenged, the judge held that the arbitrator
had irregularly exercised his discretion on costs and the award was set aside.

51 The plaintiffs also relied on the following observations of Lord Denning MR
in the case of _Annie Fox v PG Wellfair Limited_ (1981) 2 Lloyd’s Reports 514
at 552:

I cannot think it right that the defendants should be in a better position by
failing to turn up. Nor is it right that the arbitrator should do for the
defendants what they could and should have done for themselves. His function
is not to supply evidence for the defendants but to adjudicate upon the
evidence given before him. He can and should use his special knowledge so as
to understand the evidence that is given … and to appreciate the worth of all
that he sees upon a view. But he cannot use his special knowledge – or at any
rate he should not use it – so as to provide evidence on behalf of the
defendants which they have not chosen to provide for themselves. For then he
would be discharging the role of an impartial arbitrator and assuming the role
of advocate for the defaulting side. At any rate he should not use his own
knowledge to derogate from the evidence of the plaintiffs’ experts – without
putting his own knowledge to them and giving them a chance of answering it and
showing that his own view is wrong … I am afraid that the arbitrator fell into
error here.

The plaintiffs asserted that in this case, the Arbitrator had used his own
special knowledge without forwarding the plaintiffs the opportunity to lead
evidence in response to his proposition. There was no evidence before him as
to the level of such fees. The only evidence was that presented by the
plaintiffs in relation to the rates charged and the practice in Singaporean
court cases. The Arbitrator, however, dismissed this evidence on the ground
that it ignored the reality of the practice relating to assessment of costs in
international commercial arbitrations. The Arbitrator had also told the
plaintiffs that he had experience of higher fees usually being charged and
awarded in international arbitration cases. He mentioned fees of US$800 an
hour and US$1,000 an hour being charged in such arbitrations.

52 After careful consideration, I have come to the conclusion that the
plaintiffs’ arguments on this ground cannot stand. The requirement for the
rules of natural justice to be observed does not mean that every conclusion
that an arbitrator intends to make to be put before the parties. In the recent
decision of _Soh Beng Tee & Co v Fairmount Development Pte Ltd_ [2007] 3 SLR
86, the Court of Appeal observed that the rules of natural justice cannot be
applied mechanically and said at [63] of its judgment:

…[T]he parties to arbitration or the appointing authority would usually
appoint an arbitrator who is himself an expert in the field of law and/or
trade that is the subject of dispute. In so doing, they, _inter alia_ , intend
to rely on his expertise to obtain a sound and expeditious judgment. It would
therefore be wrong for the courts to blindly and/or willy-nilly mechanically
apply the rules of natural justice so as to require every conclusion that the
arbitrator intends to make to be put to or raised with the parties. As
helpfully pointed out in Commercial Arbitration, at p 299:

When the parties appoint an experienced merchant as arbitrator in a quality
dispute, they do not expect him to behave as if he were a High Court Judge.
Their wish is that he shall use skill and diligence in finding out the facts
as quickly and cheaply as possible … [A]n attempt to apply uncritically the
rules which have been developed in relation to a High Court action would serve
merely to confuse and irritate the commercial community, without improving the
quality of arbitral justice.

53 It is also pertinent to note that the assessment of costs is an exercise in
estimating what reasonable fees are and it is not a determination of an issue
of fact. Therefore, it is not something to which the rules of evidence apply
so as to preclude the adjudicator from having regard to information that he
has which has not been adduced in evidence by either party. The observation of
Lord Denning MR cited in [51] above is not germane to the assessment of
reasonable costs.

54 In the English courts, taxing masters are able to use their own knowledge
when assessing costs. The English White Book 2007 states at para 47.14.5,
under the heading “The hourly rate”, that:

The costs officer’s general knowledge and experience of local conditions and
circumstances remains the only firm basis for reliable and consistent
assessment.

Also helpful in this regard is the case of _Higgs v Camden & Islington Health
Authority_ [2003] EWHC 15. There, Fulford J said in relation to counsel’s fees
in a clinical negligence case:

60\. I agree with Miss Neenan that, in relation to the issues raised on this
appeal it is helpful to consider part of the judgment of Kennedy LJ in Wraith
v Sheffield Forgemasters Ltd [1998] 1 WLR 132 at 141-142:

“If it is contended that a lawyer amounts to an unsuitable or “luxury” choice
made on grounds other than grounds which would be taken into account by an
ordinary reasonable litigant concerned to obtain skilful competent and
efficient representation in the type of litigation concerned, in deciding
whether such an objection is sustainable in practice, the focus is primarily
upon the reasonable interests of the claimant in the litigation so that, in
relation to broad categories of costs, such as those generated by the decision
to employ a particular status or type of solicitor or counsel, one looks to
see whether, having regard to the extent and importance of the litigation to a
reasonably minded claimant, a reasonable choice or decision has been made.

If satisfied that the choice [of lawyer] is reasonable, the question of what
is a reasonable amount to be allowed imports consideration of the appropriate
rate or fee for a solicitor or counsel of the status and type retained.”

61\. As the claimants observe, the judge’s own knowledge and experience will
inform his assessment of whether it is reasonable to employ a particular
status of counsel and to determine what he considers to be a reasonable figure
in respect of counsel’s fees.

55 In another English decision, Evans J had to comment on a solicitor’s hourly
rates and he said that “[the costs judge’s] judicial assessment of the proper
figure, based upon his general knowledge and experience, is what the rules
require …”. See _Johnson v Reed Corrugated Cases Limited_ [1992] 1 All ER 169
at 180.

56 From my knowledge and experience, the Singapore position in relation to the
assessment of costs, at least in the court system, does not differ from the
English one. The taxing of costs done by judicial officers is based on their
general knowledge and experience as well as on the precedents cited to them by
counsel. The same approach is taken when the taxation of a bill of costs is
reviewed by the judge in chambers. It has never been argued that a judge is
not entitled to use his general knowledge and experience to influence his
assessment of the reasonableness and appropriateness of the costs claimed. As
a matter of principle, an arbitrator must be similarly entitled.

57 The defendant met the plaintiffs’ argument that if an arbitrator intends to
rely on his own expertise and experience, he has to give the parties an
opportunity to address it and should not take them by surprise, by contending
that the Arbitrator had done this. Quoting from the transcript of the
proceedings, they submitted that at the costs inquiry, the Arbitrator’s views
and experience were clearly before the parties and the plaintiffs had every
opportunity to address the same. Counsel also denied that $25,000 a day
translated into $2,500 an hour since, it was submitted, there was no basis for
the plaintiffs to assume that he had only spent ten hours a day on the case.

58 In my judgment, there was no breach of natural justice in relation to the
assessment of costs. The Arbitrator was not bound by domestic decisions on
costs though he could have used them as a guide had he chosen to do so. The
Arbitrator did cite authorities relating to assessment of costs in
arbitrations (para 19 of the Costs Award) and these appear to indicate that
the main test is that of reasonableness based on the time spent and the
complexity of the case. The expert witnesses who filed affidavits on costs in
these proceedings agreed that the test of reasonableness was the test
applicable in assessing costs in an arbitration and that the amount of fees
which a party pays its own lawyers is a starting point as to what is
reasonable. The plaintiffs’ expert took the view that the Arbitrator had not
applied the test of reasonableness and had arrived at costs which were
unreasonable and disproportionate whereas the defendant’s expert considered
that the Arbitrator had applied the test of reasonableness and arrived at
reasonable costs. Those views are, in essence, irrelevant to the outcome of
this application. What is clear is that the plaintiffs’ complaint is that the
Arbitrator made a mistake in his assessment of costs. I have some sympathy
with this view. The Arbitrator having no evidence before him of the number of
hours senior counsel for the defendant spent on the case had no way of
ascertaining whether on an hourly basis the fee charged was within or even
close to his experience of charges of US$1,000 an hour. It cannot, however,
help the plaintiffs’ case. Any mistake made by the Arbitrator would be a
mistake of fact and would have no impact on this application as it is not an
appeal and the Costs Award cannot be set aside on that ground. What is
relevant to the case is that as the Arbitrator had indicated his views to the
parties there cannot be said to have been a breach of natural justice.

59 It follows that this application fails on this ground as well.

Conclusion

60 In the result this application must be dismissed. The plaintiffs shall pay
the defendant’s costs of the application as taxed, if not agreed.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 24 Jan 2008 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

