Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Murakami Takako (executrix of the estate of Takashi Murakami Suroso,
deceased) v Wiryadi Louise Maria and Others  
[2008] SGCA 44

Case Number | : | CA 59/2008  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 12 November 2008  
Tribunal/Court | : | Court of Appeal  
Coram | : |  Chan Sek Keong CJ; Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Devinder Rai and Subramanian A Pillai (Acies Law Corporation) for the appellant; Andre Yeap SC, Adrian Wong and Darren Dominic Chan (Rajah & Tann LLP) for the respondents   
Parties | : |  Murakami Takako (executrix of the estate of Takashi Murakami Suroso, deceased) — Wiryadi Louise Maria; Ryuji Murakami; Bahari Sjamsjur; Ryuzo Murakami   
  
Civil Procedure – Jurisdiction – Immovable properties situated abroad – Claim
in equity – Whether Singapore court had jurisdiction  
  
Conflict of Laws – Choice of jurisdiction – Forum non conveniens – Claim that
immovable properties situated abroad held on trust – Whether Singapore court
appropriate forum  
  

12 November 2008 |  Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA (delivering the judgment of the court):

**Introduction**

1 This is an appeal against the decision of the High Court judge (“the Judge”)
in which he disallowed, in part, the appellant’s application to amend her
statement of claim (see _Murakami Takako v Wiryadi Louis Maria_ [2008] 3 SLR
198 (“the GD”)). These proceedings are yet another chapter in the long history
of litigation between the parties, the background of which we have previously
set out in _Murakami Takako v Wiryadi Louise Maria_ [2007] 4 SLR 565 (“
_Murakami Takako_ ”) at [3]–[5].

2 In these proceedings, the appellant, acting on behalf of the estate of her
late father, Takashi Murakami Suroso (“the Testator”), applied to include
certain amendments which would expand her claim to include the following:

(a) moneys contained in two bank accounts with Westpac Bank in Australia (“the
moneys in the Australian bank accounts”);

(b) five immovable properties and sale proceeds from three other immovable
properties situated in Australia; and

(c) four immovable properties and sale proceeds from one other immovable
property situated in Indonesia.

3 The Judge allowed only the amendments pertaining to the moneys in the
Australian bank accounts. He held that the court had no jurisdiction over the
claims to the specified foreign immovable properties (“the foreign immovable
properties”) and the sale proceeds from the other specified foreign immovable
properties (“the other foreign properties”), and that, even if the court had
jurisdiction, he would have declined to exercise it on the ground of _forum
non conveniens_.

**The issues on appeal**

4 The respondents have not appealed against the decision of the Judge to allow
the amendments pertaining to the moneys in the Australian bank accounts and
their counsel has confirmed that they are content to rest with that decision.
Therefore, the issues that arise for our consideration pertain only to whether
the Judge rightly disallowed the amendments with regard to the foreign
immovable properties and the sale proceeds from the other foreign properties.

5 The Judge held that the appellant’s claims to the foreign immovable
properties and the sale proceeds from the other foreign properties (“the
Claims”) were caught by the rule in _The British South Africa Company v The
Companhia de Moçambique_ [1893] AC 602 (“the _Moçambique_ rule”), the effect
of which is that the court has no jurisdiction to determine the title to, or
the right to possession of, any immovable property situated outside the forum.
The Judge considered one of the main exceptions to the _Moçambique_ rule,
_viz_ , that jurisdiction could be assumed where the claim was in equity (“the
personal equities exception”), and held that it did not apply on the facts of
the present case.

6  In the words of a leading expert in the field (see Adrian Briggs, _Civil
Jurisdiction and Judgments_ (LLP, 4th Ed, 2005) at para 4.06), the
_Moçambique_ rule:

... reflects the practical fact that only at the _situs_ of the land can there
be an effective determination of title. Even if an English court [in these
proceedings, a Singapore court] were to hear the case, and were to choose and
apply the law which a court at the _situs_ would itself have applied, it is
probable that its judgment will be ignored at the _situs_ as one coming from a
court with no jurisdiction to adjudicate on the issue. Acceptance of this fact
is the pragmatic reason why the court has no jurisdiction to try questions of
disputed title to foreign land. And because the issue is one where the court
has no jurisdiction over the subject-matter of the claim, the purported
submission of the defendant to the jurisdiction of the court is irrelevant:
what the court lacks is subject-matter jurisdiction, not personal
jurisdiction.

…

[One] … exception [to the _Moçambique_ rule] is ancient and equitable in
origin. According to the principle laid down in _Penn_ v. _Lord Baltimore_
[(1750) 1 Ves Sen 444; 27 ER 1132], though a court may have no jurisdiction to
try a question of title to the land, this does not affect its jurisdiction to
adjudicate on and enforce a contract, or fiduciary or other equitable
obligation, between and binding on the parties.

7 Although a vigorous assault was made on the _Moçambique_ rule in the House
of Lords decision of _Hesperides Hotels Ltd v Muftizade_ [1979] AC 508, the
rule (as well as its exceptions, including the personal equities exception)
was ultimately affirmed in that case (notwithstanding the court’s
acknowledgment of the various critiques of the rule itself). Indeed, Lord
Wilberforce was of the view that the nature of the _Moçambique_ rule was such
that any possible reform would need to be effected via legislation instead of
judicial decision (see _id_ at 537).

8 It is important to note - particularly in the context of the present
proceedings and for reasons that will become apparent in the course of this
judgment - that the _Moçambique_ rule is one of _subject-matter_
_jurisdiction_.

9 It is equally important to note that the _Moçambique_ rule and the personal
equities exception are part of Singapore law (see the decision of this court
in _Eng Liat Kiang v Eng Bak Hern_ [1995] 3 SLR 97 (“ _Eng Liat Kiang_ ”) at
100–103, [11]–[19], where the _Moçambique_ rule was assumed to be (as also
noted in the preceding paragraph) one relating to _jurisdiction_). The court,
therefore, generally has no jurisdiction over claims to foreign immovable
properties except for, _inter alia_ , claims in equity with respect to
equitable obligations. In this case, the Claims lie in equity; they are trust
claims. It follows that the personal equities exception _prima facie_ applies
and the court has jurisdiction over the Claims. The crux of this appeal is
therefore twofold, namely:

(a) whether the Judge correctly found that the court did not have jurisdiction
over the Claims; and

(b) if the court indeed has jurisdiction, whether the Judge rightly declined
to exercise it on the ground of _forum non conveniens_.

10 In addressing these issues, the court’s jurisdiction over the foreign
immovable properties and the sale proceeds from the other foreign properties
will be considered together. We do not agree with counsel for the appellant
that the claims to the sale proceeds from the other foreign properties are no
different from the claim relating to the moneys in the Australian bank
accounts. This argument ignores the different legal bases of the respective
claims.

11 The basis of the appellant’s claim to the moneys in the Australian bank
accounts is the assertion that those were funds provided by the Testator. On
the other hand, the success of the claims to the sale proceeds from the other
foreign properties rests on the appellant demonstrating the Testator’s
interest, if any, in the other foreign properties before they were sold. This
is because any interest which the Testator had in the said sale proceeds would
have flowed from an interest in the other foreign properties. Therefore, in
adjudicating on the claims to the sale proceeds from the other foreign
properties, the court would necessarily have to consider the Testator’s
interest in those properties. This, in turn, raises the question of
jurisdiction over those properties. We will therefore deal with the foreign
immovable properties and the sale proceeds from the other foreign properties
together.

**The requirements for the assumption of equitable jurisdiction**

12 The Judge held that the court could not assume equitable jurisdiction for
two reasons. First, the dispute was not sufficiently connected to the forum so
as to warrant equity’s assistance. Second, the Judge commented, by way of
_obiter dicta_ , that it was also arguable that the appellant’s equity had
already been extinguished by the _lex situs_. We will consider these reasons
in turn.

**_Is a sufficient connection between the dispute and the forum a prerequisite
to the assumption of equitable jurisdiction?_**

13 In support of the proposition that a sufficient connection between the
forum and the dispute was required before the court could assume equitable
jurisdiction, the Judge relied (see the GD at [24]) on an extract from R W
White’s article, “Equitable Obligations in Private International Law: The
Choice of Law” (1986) 11 Syd LR 92 (“White’s article”) at 106, which was cited
at para 1.18 of T M Yeo, _Choice of Law for Equitable Doctrines_ (Oxford
University Press, 2004) (“Yeo’s book”), the leading work in the field. The
above extract from White’s article reads as follows:

A defendant could not reasonably be expected to conform to the principles of
English equity if his connection with England were as tenuous as mere presence
at the time of service. It seems that instead of applying choice of law rules
to a dispute the Court insisted that there be a sufficient connection between
the parties or the cause of action and England.

14  This short extract from White’s article does, at first blush, appear to
suggest that, in England, the courts of equity would only assume jurisdiction
where the dispute was sufficiently connected to the forum. With respect,
however, this extract must be read in the context of White’s article as a
whole. When so read, it becomes clear that the learned author was referring in
the extract set out in the preceding paragraph to the strict jurisdictional
rules of the Court of Chancery which held sway in England _prior to_ 1873\.
White sought to explain how these old jurisdictional rules also functioned as
a _proxy_ for choice of law analysis in the past. Put simply, the net result
was a _conflation_ of the rules of jurisdiction on the one hand and those
relating to the choice of law on the other. The main issue before us in the
present appeal is whether or not the old jurisdictional rules just referred to
_continue to apply today._ The related issue as to whether or not there ought
to be a conflation of jurisdictional rules and choice of law rules will (as we
shall see) figure prominently when we consider the case law that was relied
upon by the Judge.

15 In so far as the former issue mentioned at the end of the preceding
paragraph is concerned, White recognised – correctly, in our view – that, with
the enactment of the Judicature Act 1873 (c 66) (UK) (as well as subsequent
developments), the strict jurisdictional rules applied by the Court of
Chancery, which required a sufficient connection between the dispute and the
forum, were _abandoned_ , there having been a fusion of the administration of
justice by both the courts of common law and the Court of Chancery. The
learned author explains this (very significant) development as follows (see
White’s article ([13] _supra_) at 104–105):

... The concept of jurisdiction applicable in the Court of Chancery was not
based on mere presence and service, but upon a sufficient connection being
shown between the dispute and the forum. That connection existed if the
defendant were resident or domiciled in England, the cause of action arose
there, or the subject matter of the dispute was situated there.

The Court would not adjudicate upon foreign disputes not so connected with
England. It was a natural refinement of this concept of jurisdiction that if
it were inappropriate to decide the case in England and there was a competent
tribunal to decide it in the natural foreign forum, the requisites of
jurisdiction would be held to be lacking even though there was a connection
with England (for example [the] defendant’s residence in England) which in
other cases would suffice to found jurisdiction in the Court of Chancery. The
reluctance to deal with foreign disputes produced in _Doss v. Secretary of
State for India_ [(1874–75) LR 19 Eq 509] a liberal doctrine of _forum
conveniens_ which was part of the concept of jurisdiction and which did not
depend on a distinction between the existence of jurisdiction and the
discretion to exercise it. _On the passing of the Judicature Act 1873 the
principles on which the Court of Chancery and the Courts of Law exercised
jurisdiction were different. The Judicature Act 1873 did not itself resolve
this difference, but it would have been manifestly inconvenient if the English
Court had exercised jurisdiction on principles which varied according to
whether the cause of action was legal or equitable. The problem was resolved
in favour of the common law principles without discussion._

…

_Since the Judicature Act 1873 it has been uniformly held that mere presence
suffices to found jurisdiction. None of the English cases has concerned an
equitable cause of action. Nonetheless they have been decided in the belief
that the principle of jurisdiction based on mere presence is a fundamental
rule that applies to the entire jurisdiction of the English High Court._ ...

[emphasis added]

16 Therefore, in England, _post_ -1873, the jurisdiction of the courts of
common law and that of the courts of equity were placed on an equal basis.
Presence, submission or service of a writ or other originating process out of
jurisdiction in accordance with the prevailing civil procedure rules was
thenceforth sufficient for the courts to assume jurisdiction. _There was no
longer any requirement that there had to be a sufficient connection between
the dispute and the forum before the court could assume equitable as well as
common law jurisdiction._ This is also the position in Singapore today (see s
16 of the Supreme Court of Judicature Act (Cap 322, 2007 Rev Ed) (“SCJA”)).

17 Once the court assumes equitable jurisdiction on any of the bases set out
in s 16 of the SCJA, it can act _in personam_ against the defendant. The court
can consider the personal equities exception and would (provided the exception
is established on the facts before it) be free to issue an order which may
indirectly affect foreign land. As has been observed in a leading textbook
(see Sir Peter North & J J Fawcett, _Cheshire and North’s Private
International Law_ (LexisNexis UK, 13th Ed, 1999) at p 377):

The primary essential is that the defendant should be subject to the general
jurisdiction of the court. This jurisdiction, as we have seen, is founded on
his presence in England, but as regards the power to pronounce a decree in
personam against him it is equally well founded by service of a claim form
under Order 11 [of the Rules of the Supreme Court (UK)]. Once the court is
thus empowered to take cognizance of the matter, the doctrine that equity acts
in personam may be freely and effectively applied. A decree may be issued
which, though personal in form, will indirectly affect land abroad.

18 Hence, with respect, the Judge was wrong to require that a sufficient
connection between the dispute and the forum be established before equitable
jurisdiction could be assumed by the court. This represented the position
taken by the Court of Chancery _prior to_ 1873, which has long been
_abandoned_ even in England itself and which certainly does not represent the
position in Singapore today.

19 We should also deal with a related point which was referred to briefly
above (at [14]) as this will (as we shall see) aid us in assessing the case
law that was relied upon by the Judge in arriving at the conclusion that a
sufficient connection between the dispute and the forum was required before
equitable jurisdiction could be assumed by the court. This point is that the
Court of Chancery not only assumed jurisdiction according to a strict rule
prior to 1873, but also did so (as White perceptively argues) as the result of
a reluctance to apply _choice of law_ rules to the dispute at hand (see
White’s article ([13] _supra_) at 106 and the extracts from Yeo’s book ([13]
_supra_) set out below). With respect, the Court of Chancery’s stance no
longer represents the modern approach under which issues of jurisdiction and
issues of choice of law are treated by the courts as being conceptually as
well as practically distinct. Indeed, as just alluded to, the failure to
distinguish between these two distinct issues gives us a clue as to why the
case law (in particular, the English Court of Appeal decision of _Lightning v
Lightning Electrical Contractors Limited_ [1998] EWHC Admin 431 (“ _Lightning_
”)) _appeared_ to support the Judge’s view that there had to be a sufficient
connection between the dispute and the forum before equitable jurisdiction
could be assumed by the court. Before we turn our attention briefly to such
case law, the following pertinent observation by Prof Yeo should be noted (see
Yeo’s book at para 1.19):

While there may have been a historical link between jurisdiction and choice of
law in the Chancery court, _in the modern context there is insufficient
justification for linking jurisdiction and choice of law for equitable
doctrines_ … [emphasis added]

The learned author proceeded to give six persuasive reasons for the above
observation, including the following (_id_ at paras 1.23 and 1.25):

1.23 ... [T]he historical context is important. In tracing the historical
development of English conflict of laws, Sack [A N Sack, “Conflict of Laws in
the History of the English Law” in _Law: A Century of Progress 1835-1935_ (A
Reppy ed) (Oxford University Press, 1937) vol 3 at p 342] noted the widespread
use of jurisdiction as an early technique to limit the application of the law
of the forum, _before_ choice of law rules were developed. The
_underdeveloped_ rules for choice of law in respect of equitable doctrines
must be borne in mind when considering the practice of the eighteenth-century
courts.

…

1.25 ... [C]hanges of jurisdiction rules brought about by the Judicature Act
1873 put the jurisdiction of the courts of common law and equity _on an equal
basis_. The broad bases upon which jurisdiction can be assumed today make
application of the law of the forum even more unreasonable. Any slender links
that existed between the Chancery court’s exercise of jurisdiction and the
question of choice of law have _now been broken_.

[emphasis added]

In this regard, we must respectfully disagree with the English High Court
decision of _R Griggs Group Ltd v Evans_ [2005] Ch 153 in so far as it
suggests (especially at [110]) that the personal equities exception to the
_Moçambique_ rule is one which relates to choice of law instead of
jurisdiction, although it might be argued that the learned judge in that case
was involved _only_ in a choice of law analysis (as opposed to the issue of
jurisdiction).

20 Turning, now, to _Lightning_ , the Judge, with respect, relied wrongly on
this case as support for his view that there had to be a sufficient connection
between the dispute and the forum before the court could assume equitable
jurisdiction. In _Lightning_ , the court assumed equitable jurisdiction and
applied English law to determine a trust claim to Scottish property. While the
facts of that case disclosed, in _fact_ , a close connection between the
dispute and the forum, such a connection went only to the choice of law
analysis and _not_ to the issue of jurisdiction. The crucial passage in the
judgment of Peter Gibson LJ (with whom Henry and Millett LJJ agreed) occurs at
[23], and reads as follows:

Mr Lord [counsel for the defendant] said that these authorities [_ie_ , the
authorities considered at [18]–[22] of _Lightning_] go only to the question of
jurisdiction and do not go to the question of the applicable law. But, for my
part, whilst that may be correct, it seems to me implicit that the English
court not unnaturally regarded English law as applicable to the relationship
between the parties before it in the absence of any event governed by the lex
situs destructive of the equitable interest being asserted.

21 We can, in fact, do no better than to adopt Prof Yeo’s perceptive
observations on _Lightning_ in general and the observations of Peter Gibson LJ
(_id_ at [23]) in particular, as follows (see Yeo’s book ([13] _supra_) at
para 1.17):

Moreover, just because a court applied English law **_after assuming
jurisdiction_** does not mean that it follows as a matter of law that English
law was applicable. In _Lightning v Lightning Electrical Contractors Ltd_ ,
Peter Gibson LJ, said of the jurisdiction cases:

[Counsel] said that these authorities go only to the question of jurisdiction
and do not go to the question of the applicable law. But, … whilst that may be
correct, it seems to me implicit that _the English court not unnaturally
regarded English law as applicable to the relationship between the parties
before it_ in the absence of any event governed by the _lex situs_ destructive
of the equitable interest being asserted. (Emphasis added.)

The emphasized words show **_a separate choice of law analysis_** focusing on
the law governing the relationship of the parties, which usually happened to
be English law.

[emphasis added in bold italics]

Indeed, this interpretation of _Lightning_ underlies the analysis by another
writer who argues that equitable obligations should not automatically be
governed by the _lex fori_ as such (see generally Adeline Chong, “The Common
Law Choice of Law Rules for Resulting and Constructive Trusts” (2005) 54 ICLQ
855 at 863–866).

22 Hence, the close connection between the dispute and the forum went only to
the analysis of choice of law, and not jurisdiction, in _Lightning_. The same
is true of _Webb v Webb_ [1991] 1 WLR 1410, to which the Judge also referred.
Consequently, the lack of a sufficient connection between the dispute and the
forum is not, in our view, a bar to the assumption of equitable _jurisdiction_
by the court.

**_Has the appellant’s equity been extinguished by the_ lex situs _?_**

23 As we mentioned earlier (at [12] above), the Judge also observed, by way of
_obiter dicta_ , that it was arguable that the appellant’s equity had already
been extinguished by the _lex situs_. He was of the view that it was common
ground between the parties that the communal property doctrine in Indonesian
law was subject to the exception that spouses had full entitlement to
properties acquired as gifts. The Judge thus observed that, if the first
respondent had received the foreign properties as gifts, she would be fully
entitled to those properties under Indonesian law.

24 With respect, we are unable to agree with these observations. Even if the
_lex situs_ did apply for the purposes of determining whether the appellant’s
equity had been extinguished (which issue we need not decide), no evidence of
Indonesian law was adduced in the court below to support the Judge’s finding.
The appellant also vehemently denied that it was common ground between the
parties that, under Indonesian law, spouses were fully entitled to properties
acquired as gifts. As such, although we recognise that the Judge’s comments
were strictly _obiter_ , we find that there simply is no basis on the evidence
to support these comments.

**The issue of _forum non conveniens_**

25 The next issue that arises for our consideration is whether, although our
courts do have jurisdiction over the Claims, we ought nevertheless to decline
to exercise jurisdiction on the basis of _forum non conveniens_. We have
previously stated that the relevant test in this regard is to determine
whether there is a clearly or distinctly more appropriate forum than Singapore
which meets the ends of justice, having regard to the interests of the parties
(see the decision of this court in _Murakami Takako_ ([1] _supra_) at [49]).

26 It has been firmly established that the principles laid down in _Spiliada
Maritime Corporation v Cansulex Ltd_ [1987] AC 460 (“ _Spiliada_ ”) apply
(see, for example, the decisions of this court in _Brinkerhoff Maritime
Drilling Corp v PT Airfast Services Indonesia_ [1992] 2 SLR 776, _Oriental
Insurance Co Ltd v Bhavani Stores Pte Ltd_ [1998] 1 SLR 253, _PT Hutan Domas
Raya v Yue Xiu Enterprises (Holdings) Limited_ [2001] 2 SLR 49, _Rickshaw
Investments Ltd v Nicolai Baron von Uexkull_ [2007] 1 SLR 377 (“ _Rickshaw_ ”)
at [12] and _CIMB Bank Bhd v Dresdner Kleinwort Ltd_ [2008] SGCA 36 (“ _CIMB_
”) at [25]). The principles set out in _Spiliada_ were recently summarised in
_CIMB_ (at [26]) as follows:

The gist of these principles is that, under the doctrine of _forum non
conveniens_ , a stay will only be granted where the court is satisfied that
there is some other available and more appropriate forum for the trial of the
action. The burden of establishing this rests on the defendant and it is not
enough just to show that Singapore is not the natural or appropriate forum.
The defendant must also establish that there is another available forum which
is clearly or distinctly more appropriate than Singapore. The natural forum is
one with which the action has the most real and substantial connection. In
this regard, the factors which the court will take into consideration include
not only factors affecting convenience or expense (such as the availability of
witnesses) but also other factors such as the law governing the transaction
and the places where the parties respectively reside or carry on business. If
the court concludes, at this stage of the inquiry (“stage one of the
_Spiliada_ test”), that there is no other available forum which is clearly
more appropriate for the trial of the action, it will ordinarily refuse a
stay. If, at this stage, it concludes that there is some other available forum
which _prima facie_ is clearly more appropriate for the trial of the action,
it will ordinarily grant a stay, unless there are circumstances by reason of
which justice requires that a stay should nevertheless be refused. In this
connection, the court will consider all the circumstances of the case. For
this second stage [of the] inquiry (“stage two of the _Spiliada_ test[”]), the
legal burden is on the plaintiff to establish the existence of those special
circumstances.

27 At the first stage of the analysis delineated in the above passage, the
relevant factors are, _inter alia_ , the general connecting factors and the
choice of law (see _Rickshaw_ at [15]). In the court below, the Judge was of
the view that, as there was (in his view) a requirement that there be a
sufficient connection between the dispute and the forum before the court could
assume equitable jurisdiction, the _lex fori_ (here, Singapore law) ought to
apply – notwithstanding the fact that the decision of this court in _Eng Liat
Kiang_ ([9] _supra_) appeared to be authority to the contrary (see the GD at
[39]–[40]). He nevertheless proceeded to hold that, in the light of the
decision of this court in _Rickshaw_ , the application of the _lex fori_ in
the context of the present proceedings would be unsuitable (see the GD at
[41]).

28 We have, in fact, held above (at [18] and [22]) that there need not be a
sufficient connection between the dispute and the forum before the court can
assume equitable jurisdiction. In any event, we have also held above (at [19])
that the issue of jurisdiction is separate and distinct from that relating to
the choice of law. More importantly, as Prof Yeo has very persuasively argued,
the court can still proceed to engage in a choice of law analysis and apply a
law other than the _lex fori_ even after it has assumed equitable
jurisdiction. We have previously endorsed Prof Yeo’s view in _Rickshaw_ , as
follows (_id_ at [75]–[76]):

75 We note, at the outset, that the principles relating to choice of law with
regard to claims in equity are not entirely clear. We are therefore especially
grateful to have the benefit of the views of the leading expert in the field
in Singapore (and, indeed, the Commonwealth) as embodied in a very scholarly
volume which, if we may say so, has justly received widespread praise: see T M
Yeo, _Choice of Law for Equitable Doctrines_ (Oxford University Press, 2004)
(“ _Yeo_ ”). Indeed, this is the seminal work in the field in the Commonwealth
and is based on the author’s doctoral thesis completed at Oxford University (a
summary of his main theses can be found in Tiong Min Yeo, “Choice of Law for
Equity” in ch 7 of _Equity in Commercial Law_ (Simone Degeling & James Edelman
eds) (Law Book Co, 2005)). There is in fact little by way of direct authority
in this particular area of the law and the learned author does rely much on
first principles. His views are therefore especially valuable in the
circumstances.

76 It used to be thought that the _lex causae_ for claims in equity would
generally be the _lex fori_ (in these proceedings, Singapore law). The central
insight of Prof Yeo’s book (referred to in the preceding paragraph) is the
suggestion of a more nuanced approach. Put simply, there would not, _ipso
facto_ , be an automatic and blanket application of the _lex fori_ in any and
every situation of this nature. Instead, the nature and origins of the
equitable obligations concerned would need to be closely examined in the
context of their respective factual matrices. In our view, such an approach is
undoubtedly sound. The adoption of the _lex fori_ as the _lex causae_ for
_all_ issues arising in equity would fail to recognise the disparate doctrines
and causes of action arising in equity. Such an approach would be no different
from a suggestion that all common law claims, whether arising in contract,
tort, or otherwise, should be governed by the _lex fori_.

[emphasis in original]

We also noted above (at [27]) that the Judge had, in any event, followed the
above approach in _Rickshaw_.

29 In these proceedings, the viability or otherwise of the Claims ultimately
rests on whether or not the Testator had an interest in the foreign immovable
properties as well as the other foreign properties (collectively referred to
as “the disputed foreign properties”), and this falls to be determined by the
Testator’s _lex domicilii_ , which was Indonesian law. The question that
arises for our consideration then is whether, given that the _lex causae_ is
Indonesian law, Indonesia is a clearly or distinctly more appropriate forum
than Singapore for the adjudication of the Claims.

30 The appellant’s claim that the Testator had an interest in the entire share
of the disputed foreign properties requires the court to consider whether,
under Indonesian law, those properties were excepted from being regarded as
common marital assets such that the Testator had full entitlement to them. The
matter is further complicated by the first respondent’s counter-allegation
that, on the contrary, she was fully entitled to the disputed foreign
properties as gifts. These are issues which require a careful consideration of
the scope of the communal property doctrine in Indonesian law. In addition,
the appellant has also alleged a failure on the part of the first respondent
to disclose to the Indonesian courts the disputed foreign properties as
marital assets. The effect of such non-disclosure may or may not bring with it
certain legal consequences under Indonesian law. In sum, the complexities
raised by the Claims are, in our view, better dealt with by the Indonesian
courts.

31 There are also other general connecting factors pointing to Indonesia as
the clearly or distinctly more appropriate forum. Both the Testator and the
first respondent were resident and married in Indonesia, and the present
dispute arose out of ancillary proceedings in a divorce action commenced there
as well. Further, the appellant had previously brought a claim relating to
those of the disputed foreign properties situated in Indonesia (“the
Indonesian properties”) before the South Jakarta District Court. Her prior
claim was dismissed merely on the ground of procedural defects (see _Takako
Murakami v Louise Maria Wiryadi_ Judgment No 924/Pdt.G/2006/PN.Jak.Sel. (3
October 2007) (unreported)). In particular, she failed to include, as parties
to the action, the third parties in whose names the Indonesian properties were
registered. Since the appellant’s claim to the Indonesian properties has yet
to be adjudicated on its merits, the appellant is not precluded from bringing
another claim in Indonesia to those properties.

32 In so far as those of the disputed foreign properties situated in Australia
(“the Australian properties”) are concerned, the appellant also previously
brought claims in the Supreme Court of New South Wales. Gzell J, in _Murakami
v Wiryadi_ [2006] NSWSC 1354 (“ _Murakami_ ”), stayed those proceedings on the
ground of _forum non conveniens_. The learned judge applied the Australian
approach to _forum non conveniens_ as set out in the Australian High Court
decisions of _Oceanic Sun Line Special Shipping Co Inc v Fay_ (1988) 165 CLR
197 (“ _Oceanic Sun Line_ ”), _Voth v Manildra Flour Mills Proprietary
Limited_ (1990) 171 CLR 538 (“ _Voth_ ”), _Henry v Henry_ (1996) 185 CLR 571
and _CSR Limited v Cigna Insurance Australia Limited_ (1997) 189 CLR 345 to
the effect that the court may stay or dismiss proceedings if, having regard to
the circumstances of the case and the availability of the foreign tribunal,
the forum is clearly inappropriate for the determination of the dispute
(reference may similarly be made to the (also) Australian High Court decision
of _Regie Nationale des Usines Renault SA v Zhang_ (2002) 210 CLR 491).

33 Although the test applied in the Australian context to the issue of _forum
non conveniens_ is quite different from that set out in _Spiliada_ ([26]
_supra_), there would (on most occasions) be no difference in the actual
result arrived at by the court (see, for example, _Oceanic Sun Line_ at
251–252 (_per_ Deane J) and 265–266 (_per_ Gaudron J), _Voth_ at 558 (_per_
Mason CJ and Deane, Dawson and Gaudron JJ), _Eng Liat Kiang_ ([9] _supra_) at
104, [23] and Peter Brereton, “ _Forum Non Conveniens_ in Australia: A Case
Note on _Voth_ v. _Manildra Flour Mills_ ” (1991) 40 ICLQ 895 at 897–898; _cf_
, however, _Civil Jurisdiction and Judgments_ ([6] _supra_) at para 4.20
(reference may also be made to Richard Garnett, “Stay of Proceedings in
Australia: A ‘Clearly Inappropriate’ Test?” (1999) 23 Melb Univ L Rev 30)).
That having been said, it is important to guard against simply equating the
two tests because (if nothing else) their respective points of emphasis are
quite different (see, for example, _Voth_ at 558 _per_ Mason CJ and Deane,
Dawson and Gaudron JJ; the learned judges, however, also observed that, in
applying the test under Australian law, “the discussion by Lord Goff in
_Spiliada_ of relevant ‘connecting factors’ and ‘a legitimate personal or
juridical advantage’ provide[d] valuable assistance” (_id_ at 564–565) –
observations which were also cited and applied by Gzell J in _Murakami_ at
[39]).

34 While we have previously rejected the Australian approach to _forum non
conveniens_ in favour of the test in _Spiliada_ , which calls for a
determination of whether there is another forum which is clearly or distinctly
more appropriate than Singapore (see, for example, the decision of this court
in _Eng Liat Kiang_ at 105, [26]), Gzell J’s observations in _Murakami_ ([32]
_supra_) are nevertheless helpful. This is because the factors which the
learned judge considered would apply with equal force in the context of the
doctrine of _forum non conveniens_ as set out in _Spiliada_. In particular,
Gzell J noted that (see _Murakami_ at [45]):

The connecting factors ... do not favour New South Wales against Indonesia.
[The appellant] is not resident in New South Wales and [the first respondent]
and [the fourth respondent] do not live in Australia. The events [which are]
the subject of complaint are just as much centred in Indonesia where the non-
disclosure of the New South Wales assets is alleged to have occurred as in New
South Wales where the assets were acquired.

The learned judge also noted (_id_ at [46]), just as we have (see [29] above),
that the _lex causae_ was Indonesian law. He further commented (at [47] of
_Murakami_) that:

If matters are to be determined in the New South Wales court expert evidence
will be required. If the issues are to be determined in the Indonesian courts
there is no need for experts.

Indeed, Gzell J was of the view (_id_ at [52]) that “it [was] in the interests
of the parties that a proper resolution of the issues be made in proceedings
to be commenced in Indonesia”.

35 The factors and the arguments considered by Gzell J in the preceding
paragraph, although analysed in the context of the Australian approach to
_forum non conveniens_ , apply equally in the context of the approach of this
court as embodied in _Spiliada_ ([26] _supra_). Indeed, there is a
considerable overlap between the factors and the arguments considered by Gzell
J in _Murakami_ and those discussed above in the context of the present
proceedings. There is, in fact, good reason to believe that this is one
instance where there would be no difference in result regardless of whether
the Australian approach or the approach in _Spiliada_ is adopted (see also
above at [33]).

36 On the point of enforceability of judgments, we also note that, if indeed
the appellant obtains a favourable judgment in Indonesia, the judgment would
undoubtedly be enforceable with regard to the Indonesian properties. As for
the Australian properties, an Indonesian judgment is also likely to be
enforceable in Australia, given Gzell J’s recognition that it is appropriate
for the Indonesian courts to address the appellant’s claim. These are
important practical considerations which we cannot ignore.

37 In summary, the general connecting factors and the choice of law
considerations point to Indonesia as constituting the clearly or distinctly
more appropriate forum (as compared to Singapore) for the trial of the issues
concerned. For that reason, although our courts have jurisdiction over the
Claims, we should not exercise jurisdiction.

**Conclusion**

38 Based, therefore, on the conclusion which we have arrived at with regard to
the issue of _forum non conveniens_ , we dismiss the appeal with costs and
affirm the Judge’s decision to disallow the appellant’s application to include
the Claims in her statement of claim. The usual consequential orders are to
follow.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 12 Nov 2008 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

