Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## The Management Corporation Strata Title Plan No 689 v DTZ Debenham Tie
Leung (SEA) Pte Ltd and Another  
[2008] SGHC 98

Case Number | : | Suit 208/2007, SUM 1888/2008  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 30 June 2008  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Goh Yi Han AR   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Chen Mei Lin Lynette, Lim Yin Mei Sue-Anne (Harry Elias Partnership) for the plaintiff; Teo Weng Kie, Lorraine Ho (Tan Kok Quan Partnership) for the defendants   
Parties | : |  The Management Corporation Strata Title Plan No 689 — DTZ Debenham Tie Leung (SEA) Pte Ltd; DTZ Debenham Tie Leung Property Management Services Pte Ltd   
  
Civil Procedure  
  

30 June 2008 |  Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
AR Goh Yihan:

Introduction

1 This is an application by DTZ Debenham Tie Leung (SEA) Pte Ltd and DTZ
Debenham Tie Leung Property Management Services Pte Ltd for specific discovery
of certain documents against Management Corporation Strata Title Plan No 689
under O 24 r 5 of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2006 Rev Ed) (“the
Rules”). Although the principles governing discovery are relatively
uncontroversial and have been, with respect, ably and eloquently discussed by
AR Paul Tan in _Dante Yap Go v Bank Austria Creditanstalt AG_ [2007] SGHC 69
(“ _Dante Yap Go_ ”) (at [16]–[32]), I will articulate the full reasoning for
my decision with this judgment as an attempt has been made to resist discovery
of certain categories of documents on the ground of litigation privilege, a
creature seldom encountered by our courts notwithstanding its antiquity.

Background to the present application

2 The applicants in the present application are the first and second
defendants (collectively “the defendants”) in the substantive action (_viz_ ,
Suit No 208 of 2007), whereas the respondent is the plaintiff (“the
plaintiff”). The plaintiff is the management corporation of a building located
at 11 Collyer Quay known as “The Arcade”. The plaintiff engaged DTZ Leung Pte
Ltd (“DTZ Leung”) as the managing agent of The Arcade from 1 April 1991 to 31
March 1997. As part of its contractual duties as managing agent, DTZ Leung
stationed its employee, one Loh Wan Wah (“Wilson Loh”), as the Maintenance
Supervisor or Complex Manager of The Arcade. The second defendant took over as
the managing agent of The Arcade from 1 April 1997 to 6 February 2006 after it
was engaged by the plaintiff. The second defendant likewise stationed Wilson
Loh, who had then become its employee, at The Arcade as the building’s
Maintenance Supervisor or Complex Manager. The plaintiff’s substantive action
against the defendants arises from Wilson Loh’s alleged actions in his
capacity as Maintenance Supervisor or Complex Manager from 1991 to 2005.

**_The plaintiff’s pleaded case_**

3 According to the plaintiff’s Statement of Claim (Amendment No 1) filed on 15
June 2007, on or about 4 October 2005, it was discovered that a cheque issued
by the plaintiff and made payable to the plaintiff’s mechanical and electrical
sub-contractor was dishonoured by the bank. It was also found that Wilson Loh
had disappeared and was no longer contactable. Based on the plaintiff’s
subsequent investigations, it was discovered that Wilson Loh had
misappropriated funds through a series of fraudulent accounts and cheques
signed by the plaintiff’s cheque signatories. For example, it was pleaded by
the plaintiff that its investigations revealed that two conflicting sets of
accounts were produced for the years 1997 to 2004. The first set of the
accounts had been produced by the plaintiff’s auditors while the second set
had been produced by Wilson Loh and presented to the plaintiff purporting to
be the auditors’ accounts. Further, the plaintiff’s investigations also showed
that Wilson Loh had from time to time in his capacity as the Maintenance
Supervisor or Complex Manager of The Arcade fraudulently represented to the
plaintiff that various sums totalling $4,767,622.43 had to be paid by the
plaintiff to Wilkins Enterprise. Wilkins Enterprise was a sole-proprietorship
owned by Wilson Loh and an instrument in his fraudulent scheme. This sum of
$4,767,622.43, apart from other consequent disbursements and expenses, formed
the main bulk of the plaintiff’s claim against the defendants.[note: 1]

4 In the result, the plaintiff commenced the substantive action against the
defendants on 2 April 2007. As against the first defendant, the plaintiff
claimed that as Wilson Loh had committed the fraudulent acts while he was an
employee, servant or agent of DTZ Leung, DTZ Leung should be vicariously
liable to the plaintiff for those acts. The plaintiff stated that in the
circumstances of this case, the first defendant should be treated the same as
DTZ Leung and therefore it is the first defendant who should be vicariously
liable for the fraudulent acts of Wilson Loh. The payments made to Wilkins
Enterprise when DTZ Leung was the managing agent of The Arcade is stated to be
$1,252,819.51.[note: 2]

5 In relation to the second defendant, the plaintiff claimed that the second
defendant should be vicariously liable for the fraudulent acts of Wilson Loh
while he was the employee, servant or agent of the second defendant.
Furthermore, as part of its claim against the second defendant, the plaintiff
stated that Wilson Loh misappropriated $1,252,819.51 (being part of the
$4,767,622.43 claimed for in total) when DTZ Leung was the managing agent of
The Arcade. Accordingly, the second defendant should be vicariously liable for
the loss of opportunity to recover the sum of $1,252,819.51 from DTZ Leung
since the fraudulent acts took place while Wilson Loh was the employee,
servant and/or agent of the second defendant and when the second defendant was
the managing agent of The Arcade.

**_The defendants’ pleaded case_**

6 On their part, the defendants have pleaded four main “defences” (as that
term is loosely used), as is evident from the main headings in their Defence
(Amendment No 2) filed on 13 August 2007: (a) lack of causation, (b)
contributory negligence by the plaintiff, (c) insufficient mitigation of
losses and (d) the onset of limitation.

7 In relation to defences (a) and (b), the defendants have averred that Wilson
Loh was stationed at The Arcade as Complex Manager and he reported directly to
the Chairman and Council Members of the plaintiff’s Management Council (“the
Management Council”) in respect of matters relating to the building. As such,
the Management Council, and not the defendants, had control and supervision
over Wilson Loh in respect of his fraudulent acts as pleaded by the plaintiff.
The defendants have also pleaded that the various payments referred to by the
plaintiffs as quantifying their losses were made by cheques signed by the
plaintiff’s appointed cheque signatories, who were members of the Management
Council. Accordingly, those cheque signatories ought to have been aware of the
identities of providers of goods or services to the plaintiff, and therefore
should have realised that no payments were due to Wilkins Enterprise. In
essence, the plaintiff and/or the Management Council have failed to institute
or carry out sufficient safeguards in respect of the plaintiff’s accounts,
approval, signing or payments by cheques, expenditure and funds. Hence, the
alleged losses suffered by the plaintiff were caused (partly or wholly) by the
plaintiff and/or members of the Management Council.

8 Apart from defences (c) and (d) (see [6] above), both of which are
immaterial for the present application, it was submitted before me that the
defendants have also denied the quantum of claim of $4,767,622.43 as pleaded
by the plaintiffs. In this regard, counsel for the defendants, Mr Teo Weng Kie
(“Mr Teo”), elaborated that the claim quantification of $4,767,622.43 by the
plaintiff was based solely on cheque images which it obtained from its bank.
These are cheques which were drawn in favour of Wilkins Enterprise. However,
Mr Teo said that the defendants do not agree that the cheques were signed by
members of the Management Council, and that there was no forgery of signatures
on any of the cheques.[note: 3] He pointed to para 20 of the Defence
(Amendment No 2) as supposedly containing the defendants’ denial of the
quantum of claim of $4,767,622.43 as pleaded by the plaintiffs. Paragraph 20
(as amended) states as follows:

20\. Paragraphs 25 and 26 of the Statement of Claim (Amendment No. 1) are
denied. The Defendant avers that such loss of opportunity, if any, which is
denied, was caused by the Plaintiff and/or the Plaintiff’s Cheque Signatories
and/or members of the Plaintiff’s Management Council, and the 2nd Defendant
repeats the particulars as set out at paragraph 14(a) to (g) above.

In turn, paras 25 and 26 of the Statement of Claim (Amendment No 1), referred
to in para 20 of the Defence (Amendment No 2) as reproduced above, provides as
follows (as amended):

25\. This fraudulent concealment [referring to Wilson Loh’s concealment of
prior frauds or misappropriations] continued until after DTZ Leung was
dissolved on 2 May 2000.

26\. As a result of the fraudulent concealment pleaded above, the Plaintiff
lost the opportunity to recover the loss of S$1,252,819.51 from DTZ Leung
before it was dissolved and has thereby suffered loss and damage.

9 I should also mention that Mr Teo in his reply submissions (tendered at the
adjourned hearing of the present application) referred to para 24 of the
Defence (Amendment No 2) as showing that the defendants have denied the
quantum claimed.[note: 4] Paragraph 24 (as amended) states that:

Paragraph 30 of the Plaintiff’s Statement of Claim (Amendment No 1) is denied.
The Defendant further denies that the losses allegedly suffered by the
Plaintiff, if any, were caused by the Defendant.

Paragraph 30 of the Statement of Claim (Amendment No 1) alludes to the
following:

Apart from the frauds or misappropriations pleaded above, the Plaintiff avers
that the 2nd Defendant failed to properly and promptly administer the affairs
of the Plaintiff in breach of the implied terms pleaded in paragraph 9 above.
As a result of the [_sic_] this breach, the Plaintiff has also suffered the
following loss and damage: …

The “following loss and damage” as pleaded in para 30 (which I have not
reproduced) in fact do not relate to the sum of $4,767,622.43 or any part
thereof, but instead relate to consequential losses due to the
misappropriation of the $4,767,622.43, including penalties for the non-payment
of taxes and utility bills.

10 Reading these paragraphs, I first do not agree with Mr Teo that para 20 of
the Defence (Amendment No 2) shows that the defendants have denied the quantum
as pleaded by the plaintiff in its Statement of Claim (Amendment No 1). If
anything, para 20 of the Defence (Amendment No 2) refers to para 26 of the
Statement of Claim (Amendment No 1), which only denies the quantum of
$1,252,819.51. Of course, one could say that inasmuch as $1,252,819.51 is part
of $4,767,622.43, a denial of a part is a denial of the whole, but that is
quite different from Mr Teo’s submission that the defendants have with para 20
“denied the quantum of claim as pleaded by the [p]laintiff”.[note: 5]
Secondly, I also do not agree that para 24 of the Defence (Amendment No 2) in
fact denied the quantum of $4,767,622.43 inasmuch as para 30 of the Statement
of Claim (Amendment No 1) itself does not refer to $4,767,622.43. If there is
a paragraph that substantiated this submission, it ought to have been para 13
of the Defence (Amendment No 2), which states that (as amended):

13\. Paragraph 20 of the Statement of Claim (Amendment No. 1) is denied.

Paragraph 20 of the Statement of Claim (Amendment No 1) is where the plaintiff
has particularised the loss and damage claimed for. However, it is important
to note (for reasons apparent later) that this is merely a bare denial of the
quantum as particularised by the plaintiff and does not constitute a
particular argument as to the correct amount of damages which should be
awarded (in the event that liability is established).

The present application

**_Preliminary observations_**

11 The above thus sets out the background to the present application, by which
the defendants sought the discovery and production of 39 categories of
documents as set out in Schedule A annexed to the present application
(“Schedule A”) pursuant to O 24 r 5 of the Rules. I have set out the specific
nature of these categories by way of Appendix A to this judgment but would
summarise at this point that they are generally accounting records. Also, for
completeness, O 24 r 5, in so far as material, is set out below:

5(1) Subject to Rule 7, the Court may at any time, on the application of any
party to a cause or matter, make an order requiring any other party to make an
affidavit stating whether any document specified or described in the
application or any class of document so specified or described is, or has at
any time been, in his possession, custody or power, and if not then in his
possession, custody or power, when he parted with it and what has become of
it.

…

(3) An application for an order under this Rule must be supported by an
affidavit stating the belief of the deponent that the party from whom
discovery is sought under this Rule has, or at some time had, in his
possession, custody or power, the document, or class of document, specified or
described in the application and that it falls within one of the following
descriptions:

(a) a document on which the party relies or will rely;

(b) a document which could –

(i) adversely affect his own case;

(ii) adversely affect another party’s case; or

(iii) support another party’s case; and

(c) a document which may lead the party seeking discovery of it to a train of
inquiry resulting in his obtaining information which may –

(i) adversely affect his own case;

(ii) adversely affect another party’s case; or

(iii) support another party’s case.

(4) An order under this Rule shall not be made in any cause or matter in
respect of any party before an order under Rule 1 has first been obtained in
respect of that party, unless, in the opinion of the Court, the order is
necessary or desirable.

12 Fortunately, the enormity of the number of categories sought can be
circumvented by taking a more overall view of the _general_ character of these
documents, as opposed to their _specific_ characteristics. As Mr Teo very
helpfully pointed out, the 39 categories of documents can be classified into
groups of documents, namely:

(a) Group 1 documents, consisting of those categories of documents which the
plaintiff does not claim litigation privilege on, but objects to disclosure.
These will be items no (1) to (35) as set out in Schedule A. Within Group 1,
two further sub-groups can be discerned:

(i) Group 1(i) documents, consisting of documents originating within the
period from the financial year ending 31 March 1990 to the date of 31 December
2005 (both dates inclusive) (“the Pre-2006 Period”); and

(ii) Group 1(ii) documents, consisting of documents originating within the
period from 1 January 2006 to the present date (both dates inclusive) (“the
Post-2006 Period”).

(b) Group 2 documents, consisting of those categories of documents which the
plaintiff claims litigation privilege on. These will be items no (36) to (39)
as set out in Schedule A.

Taking into account of the two sub-groups, this makes for three groups of
documents. I should also mention that counsel for the plaintiff, Ms Lim Yin
Mei Sue-Anne (“Ms Lim”), likewise dealt with the present application along the
same broad lines, and I acknowledge both parties’ effort in making an
otherwise very tedious process somewhat less so.

13 Very briefly, as with the three groups of documents identified above (_ie_
, Group 1(i), Group 1(ii) and Group 2), the parties’ contentions over the
discoverability of the 39 categories likewise revolve around three main
arguments:

(a) First, with regard to the Group 1(i) documents, the plaintiff is resisting
their discovery because they say they do not have these documents. In that
respect, the plaintiff has filed an affidavit affirmed by one Mala Arjan
Chotrani (“Ms Chotrani”) on 23 May 2008 (“the Chotrani affidavit”) attesting
that it does not have in its possession, custody or power the documents sought
to be discovered under Group 1(i), save for those already disclosed. I do not
understand the plaintiff to be disputing the relevancy or necessity of these
documents.

(b) Secondly, with regard to the Group 1(ii) documents, the plaintiff is
resisting their discovery because they are not relevant or necessary for the
disposing fairly of the cause or matter or for saving costs. I do not
understand the plaintiff to be disputing that it has in its possession,
custody or power these documents.

(c) Thirdly, with regard to the Group 2 documents, the plaintiff is resisting
their discovery because they are protected by litigation privilege. I do not
understand the plaintiff to be disputing that it has in its possession,
custody or power these documents _or_ that the documents are relevant and
necessary for the disposing fairly of the cause or matter or for saving costs.

14 As would be observed, the plaintiff’s objections readily conform themselves
with the general requirements of a successful discovery application, each
building upon another, much like the steps in a staircase, each requirement
following from the previous and simultaneously forming the foundation of the
next (to use AR Tan’s analogy in _Dante Yap Go_ at [1]). I should clarify that
I am referring to: (a) the _supposed_ prerequisite that the documents sought
to be discovered be in the possession, custody or power of the party
concerned; (b) the requirement that the documents sought to be discovered be
relevant and necessary for the disposing fairly of the cause or matter or for
saving costs; and (c) the negative (and external) requirement that the
documents should not be privileged so as to preclude their discovery and
production. As such, in assessing the merits of the present application in
relation to the categories of documents sought for, I find it much neater to
deal with each Group separately, with the applicable law governing discovery
discussed at each step of the way, instead of being set out in full at an
initial stage.

**_Group 1(i) documents_**

15 I deal first with the Group 1(i) documents, which _general_ character has
been set out above (at [12]).

_The parties’ submissions_

(1) The defendant’s submissions

16 In respect of the Group 1(i) documents, consisting of those originating
within the Pre-2006 Period, the defendants submitted that the plaintiff has
not disputed that these documents are relevant to the substantive action.
However, save for the documents already provided to the defendants, the
plaintiff has usually not stated in its Affidavit Verifying the Supplementary
List of Documents affirmed by one Jacqueline Siew on 3 March 2008 (“the Siew
affidavit”) nor the Chotrani affidavit that the documents which were not
provided are not in their possession, custody or power, and if not then in
their possession, custody or power, _when they parted with it and what has
become of it_.

17 As an example, the defendants referred me to the Siew affidavit, pointing
out that the deponent would typically refer to broad categories, sometimes
incorporating two categories into one, and simply state as follows:

11\. Items 14 and 19

(i) In respect of item 14 of the Amended Schedule the Plaintiff will be
providing discovery of various documents that fall within the scope of the
said items in Schedule 1 of the Supplemental List of Documents.

According to the defendants, item 14 was in relation to various accounting
records. Item 19 was in relation to the plaintiff’s liabilities to third
parties including court documents and correspondence. Perusing Schedule 1 of
the Supplemental List of Documents, it was pointed out on behalf of the
defendants that apart from some limited documents, only documents from April
2001 were provided, even though the request was for the period 1990 onwards.
The deponent was also silent on what has happened to the documents before
2001. As for item 19, what appeared to be a complete set from 1990 to 2006 was
provided but nothing was said about the documents from 2007 to 2008.

18 Therefore, the defendants submitted that the plaintiff has not fulfilled
its obligation to give discovery. The defendants thus had no option but to
file the present application and seek an order that the plaintiff filed a
proper affidavit verifying the position on each and every document that the
defendants have sought. While the defendants acknowledged that the Chotrani
affidavit (filed _after_ the present application was filed) states that
certain documents from Group 1(i) are no longer in the plaintiff’s possession,
custody or power, they pointed out that this is somewhat belated and is, in
any event, incomplete since the Chotrani affidavit makes no mention of what
has happened to those documents which are presently not in the possession,
custody or power of the plaintiff. In addition, the defendants also submitted
that there are some categories of documents which the plaintiff has the power
to call for from third parties who have possession and/or custody of them. The
plaintiff has, however, not made any attempt or effort to do so.

(2) The plaintiff’s submissions

19 On the other hand, as I have mentioned (at [13]), the plaintiff’s
contention against the discovery of this Group of documents is that the
Chotrani affidavit has already stated that the plaintiff does not have the
undisclosed documents in their possession, custody or power. Thus, in the
plaintiff’s written submissions in the present application, the same assertion
that the Chotrani affidavit has adequately provided the status of the Group
1(i) documents is repeated for items no (1) to (35) as set out in Schedule A.

20 In addition, the plaintiff seems to have made a somewhat half-hearted
_legal_ argument in respect of the Group 1(i) documents. I shall explain why I
have described the attempt thus as being “half-hearted”. It was first
impressed upon me by way of the plaintiff’s written submissions that it is an
_“essential”_ _prerequisite_ of discovery that the documents requested must
exist and be in the possession, custody or power of the other party. In
support of this proposition, the plaintiff cited para 25/5/1 of _Singapore
Civil Procedure 2007_ (Sweet & Maxwell Asia, 2007), the material part of which
reads as follows:

… (1) There is no jurisdiction to make an order under [the English] R.S.C.,
Order 24, rule 7, for the production of documents unless (a) there is
sufficient evidence that the documents exist which the other party has not
disclosed; (b) the document or documents relate to matters in issue in the
action; _(c) there is sufficient evidence that the document is in the
possession, custody or power of the other party_. (2) When it is established
that those three prerequisites for jurisdiction do exist, the court has a
discretion whether or not to order disclosure. … [emphasis added]

This is actually a verbatim reproduction of the words of Mustill LJ in the
English Court of Appeal decision of _Berkeley Administration Inc v McClelland_
[1990] FSR 381 (“ _Berkeley Administration_ ”) (at 382). I shall term this as
“Mustill LJ’s _dictum_ ” for convenience.

21 Accordingly, as I understand the plaintiff’s argument to be, the documents
requested for must be in the possession, custody or power of the party
concerned and if there is evidence to the contrary, the court has no
jurisdiction to even consider whether it wishes to exercise its discretion to
allow discovery. The plaintiff’s point must have been that, if Mustill LJ’s
_dictum_ in _Berkeley Administration_ is correct, then, coupled with the
Chotrani affidavit, it could be said that the defendants’ present application
in relation to the Group 1(i) documents must fail for lack of _jurisdiction_
on the part of the court. This is because the court will not go behind the
truth of the affidavit at this interlocutory stage even if there is a
contentious affidavit pointing in the other direction: see _Soh Lup Chee v
Seow Boon Cheng_ [2002] 2 SLR 267 at [9], where the High Court opined as such:

I now revert to the issue that Mr Chong’s argument addresses, that is, whether
the deponent’s affidavit verifying his list of documents shall be regarded as
conclusive. I must agree with counsel that generally, such affidavits cannot
be contravened by other contentious affidavits and shall not be subject to
cross-examination. The reasons for this, as Stuart-Smith LJ pointed out in
_Fayed v Lonrho plc_ (The Times, 24 June 1993), are plain. Affidavits raised
in such circumstances do not address the issues for trial and whether the
deponent is truthful or not in respect of the discovery of documents he might
still persuade the trial judge of the merits of his case through other
evidence. …

22 Yet, in the very same written submissions, the plaintiff then submitted (at
[43]) that it was “open” under the Rules for the defendants to take out the
present application for an affidavit stating the whereabouts of the documents
requested for. The plaintiff then pointed out that the plaintiff has thus far
been cooperative and amendable to the requests for documents by the defendants
and would have thereby gladly provided an affidavit to the defendants’
requirement if only they had asked by way of letter. Indeed, throughout the
hearing before me, Ms Lim repeatedly said that the plaintiff would be willing
to provide an affidavit in compliance with O 24 r 5 of the Rules (in respect
of the Group 1(i) documents) if that is what the defendants need. These
repeated concessions, especially the one proclaiming that it was “open” for
the defendants to take out this very application in respect of the Group 1(i)
documents, appear to take away the wind from beneath the sails of the legal
argument that the words in the Chotrani affidavit in fact anchored the court’s
_jurisdiction_ (and not discretion) to allow discovery to the seabed of
impossibility.

23 Notwithstanding this less than certain attempt in making this particular
submission, I turn now to consider the applicable law, specifically, the
effect of Mustill LJ’s _dictum_ in _Berkeley Administration_.

_The applicable law_

(1) Distinction between jurisdiction and discretion

24 Before I discuss the effect of Mustill LJ’s _dictum_ in _Berkeley
Administration_ , there is perhaps a need to clarify his apparent distinction
between “jurisdiction” and “discretion” in his _dictum_ (see [20] above). It
would be recalled that Mustill LJ spoke of the need for certain prerequisites
to be satisfied, failing which the court has no jurisdiction to make an under
for specific discovery. He then makes the point that when it is established
that there is jurisdiction, the court has a discretion whether or not to order
discovery, including when the other party has stated that the documents are
not in his power or possession.

25 I think the key to deciphering Mustill LJ’s _dictum_ in the first instance
is to attribute the correct meaning to the terms “jurisdiction” and
“discretion”. In this respect, while it has been said that “jurisdiction” is a
protean word capable of multiple definitions depending on the situation in
which it is used, I think Mustill LJ intended to refer to the court’s
“authority, however derived, to hear and determine a dispute that is brought
before it”, which in this case is an application for specific discovery (to
use the words of Chan Sek Keong J in the High Court decision of _Muhd Munir v
Noor Hidah_ [1990] SLR 999 at [19]). This has been termed its “narrow and
strict sense”. However, the word “jurisdiction” also has a “wider sense”, _ie_
, the manner in which its power to hear and determine cases _is to be
exercised_. This, I think, is what Mustill LJ meant when he referred to
“discretion” as being separate and distinct from “jurisdiction”.

26 The distinction between jurisdiction and discretion is also supported by a
plain reading of O 24 r 5(1) of the Rules. This provides, _inter alia_ , that
“… the court _may_ … on the application of any party to a cause or matter…
make [the order for discovery]” [emphasis added]. As Prof Jeffrey Pinsler _SC_
notes in _Singapore Court Practice 2006_ (LexisNexis, 2006) at para 24/5/2,
the party seeking discovery does not become automatically entitled to it on
the fulfillment of the conditions in rr 5 and 7 as the court has a discretion
over and above the conditions to ensure that discovery and its extent are
fully justified. Hence the word “may” in r 5(1). As such, the fulfillment of
the conditions is a condition precedent to the court possessing the
_jurisdiction_ to order discovery; however, even after the conditions are
fulfilled and the court is thereby imbued with jurisdiction, it still retains
a _discretion_ to refuse discovery uninhibited by the express wording of the
Rules.

(2) The effect of the  _dictum_ in _Berkeley Administration_

27 The distinction between jurisdiction and discretion is important because
Mustill LJ’s _dictum_ in _Berkeley Administration_ clearly refers to
jurisdiction which, as established, refers to the conditions present in O 24
rr 5 and 7. In my view, the operative question must then be: what is the
effect of Mustill LJ’s _dictum_ in _Berkeley Administration_ on the law in
Singapore? In this regard, I note that a Singapore court has not, to the best
of my knowledge, cited or analysed _Berkeley Administration_.

28 Notwithstanding the lack of local judicial notice of _Berkeley
Administration_ , I note that the two leading textbooks on civil procedure in
Singapore, _viz_ , _Singapore Civil Procedure 2007_ and _Singapore Court
Practice 2006_ , both cite _Berkeley Administration_ as apparently
representing the law in Singapore in relation to discovery. Even to this
general point, however, there remains a caveat: Prof Pinsler in _Singapore
Court Practice 2006_ reminds us (at para 24/5/2) of the need to modify
“Mustill LJ’s pronouncement… for Singapore’s purposes”. He explains that O 24
r 7 of the English Rules of the Supreme Court (as cited in _Berkeley
Administration_) was in the same terms as the former O 24 r 7 of the Rules.
However, in the current Rules, r 7 has been replaced by r 5 which contains
different criteria for the scope of discovery. Whereas the former r 7 required
the documents to “relate to one or more of the matters in question in the
action”, the position under the current Rules is that the documents must come
within one of the categories of r 5(3). Therefore, Prof Pinsler suggests that
para 1(b) of Mustill LJ’s pronouncement in _Berkeley Administration_ should be
qualified accordingly in the context of Singapore.

29 With respect, I think that the plaintiff’s argument on the jurisdiction of
the court is based on a misunderstanding of the distinction between
“jurisdiction” and “discretion”. The starting point must be that the
jurisdiction that Mustill LJ spoke of must _correspond_ to the conditions in O
24 r 5 in so far as it is the fulfillment of these conditions that confer
jurisdiction (or authority). The preliminary point I make is that, if this is
correct, then I cannot see why Mustill LJ’s _dictum_ is regarded as being
_fully_ representative of such conditions. Examining O 24 r 5 in detail, one
notes immediately that r 5(1) states that it is subject to r 7, which itself
(as will be seen) prescribes the requirement of “necessity”. Nowhere in
Mustill LJ’s _dictum_ is there a prerequisite of “necessity” before the court
can make an order under O 24 r 7 of the English Rules of the Supreme Court
(corresponding materially to our O 24 r 5). Surely if the requirement of
“necessity” is not fulfilled, the court is not otherwise imbued with the
“authority” (the meaning of jurisdiction) to make an order for specific
discovery? As such, I would wholly agree with Prof Pinsler that Mustill LJ’s
_dictum_ must be modified to suit the local context and must not be cited as
though it is wholly representative of _our_ law.

30 However, in response to the plaintiff’s instant argument, I think that
Mustill LJ’s requirement that “there is sufficient evidence that the document
is in the possession, custody or power of the other party” can be found on the
face of O 24 r 5(3). Rule 5(3) requires, _inter alia_ , that:

An application for an order under this Rule _must be supported by an affidavit
stating the belief of the deponent that the party from whom discovery is
sought under this Rule has, or at some time had, in his possession, custody or
power_ , the document, or class of document, specified or described in the
application… [emphasis added]

The italicised part seems to correspond to Mustill LJ’s direction that there
must be “sufficient evidence that the document is in the possession, custody
or power of the other party”. Given that we are merely at the interlocutory
stage, such that the truth of affidavits are generally not questioned, I think
a deposition in an affidavit to the effect required by Mustill LJ (as
reflected in O 24 r 5(3)) would constitute “sufficient” evidence. This would
mean that if the affidavit in support of the application were not in order,
the court would not have the jurisdiction (or authority) to make an order for
discovery. However, where the affidavit is in order (so as to constitute
“sufficient evidence”), and the other party states on oath that he does not
have the documents concerned, then I think that the court nonetheless retains
the _jurisdiction_ to make an order for discovery. In my view, this would be
the correct reading of Mustill LJ’s _dictum_.

31 I think that what the plaintiff should have argued is that, if the other
party from whom discovery is sought states on oath that he does not have the
documents concerned, then that could be a matter taken into consideration by
the court in exercising its _discretion_ to order discovery. This must be the
case since the defendants have in their affidavits filed in support of the
present application stated directly or indirectly that they believe the
documents concerned to be in the possession, custody or power of the
plaintiff; this means that the court has the _jurisdiction_ since the
prerequisite requirement of “sufficient evidence” (see [20] above) has been
fulfilled. Therein exists the misunderstanding of the distinction between
“jurisdiction” and “discretion”. In fact, this distinction is clearly borne
out when Mustill LJ said (at 382–383):

… (5) It is not an answer to an assertion that documents falling within a
particular category are disclosable that no such documents are in the other
party’s possession or power, _although if this information has already been
conveyed on oath in the course of the proceedings this would furnish a reason
why, in the exercise of the court’s discretion, it might well not make an
empty order_. [emphasis added]

32 In my view, the fact that the party from whom discovery is sought states on
oath that he does not have the document in his possession, custody or power in
no way affects the condition precedent to conferring jurisdiction, but is
instead a factor which would defeat the application for discovery
_notwithstanding_ that the conditions in O 24 rr 5 and 7 have been fulfilled
and _jurisdiction conferred_. This is a matter of _discretion_. Jurisdiction
and discretion are not the same. Indeed, I find support for this conclusion in
_Disclosure_ (Sweet & Maxwell, 3rd ed, 2007) at para 8.19, where the learned
authors write:

The court may dispense with disclosure in the exercise of its _discretion_
where no issue arises in the action in relation to which relevant documents
are likely to exist. Even if the respondent says he has no documents of the
category requested, this is not in itself an answer to an otherwise _proper
request_ , though a statement to that effect on oath (or verified by a
statement or truth) may be a reason why, _in the exercise of the court’s
discretion_ , it should not make the order [citing Mustill LJ’s _dictum_ in
_Berkeley Administration_]. [emphasis added; footnotes omitted]

The expression “proper request” must refer to the conditions precedent
conferring jurisdiction, whereas the exercise of discretion is clearly a
separate matter.

33 As to the exercise of the court’s discretion, if the purpose of an order
made under O 24 r 5 is to compel the other party to make an affidavit in the
terms as stated in r 5(1), then it is arguable that if the other part makes an
affidavit _on such terms in response_ to the application, the purpose of O 24
r 5 would be fulfilled. There would be no further reason to make the order
under O 24 r 5(1) since its purpose has already been fulfilled. However, the
situation would be different if the affidavit does not _fully_ meet the
requirements prescribed under O 24 r 5. This is because the other party might
well say that he does not have possession, custody or power of the documents
concerned, but that does not answer the question of what happened to the
documents, as required under O 24 r 5. In that case, the purpose of O 24 r 5
would still be operative.

_Analysis_

34 In view of my conclusion as to the law, I would reject at the outset the
plaintiff’s argument that the court is without _jurisdiction_ to make an order
under O 24 r 5 of the Rules merely because the Chotrani affidavit states that
the plaintiff does not have in its possession, custody or power the Group 1(i)
documents concerned. However, that is not the end of the matter as even though
I am possessed of _jurisdiction_ , I still have to decide how to exercise my
_discretion_. In response to this, I accept Mr Teo’s submission before me that
the Chotrani affidavit is insufficient; specifically, it does not address what
has happened to these documents or, at the very least, does not depose to
whether the plaintiff knows what has happened to these documents.

35 In any event, as I have mentioned above, Ms Lim for the defendants made the
point repeatedly before me that the defendants would be willing to provide
such an affidavit in full compliance with O 24 r 5 of the Rules in respect of
the Group 1(i) documents. True it may well be that the defendants could have
written to the plaintiff to ask for such an affidavit without making the
present application, but what the plaintiff would have or not have done in
those circumstances is pure conjecture at this stage. There is an application
before the court, and the court must resolve it in accordance with the law if
the parties are unable to come to an out-of-court agreement. For my part, I do
not think that the Chotrani affidavit is sufficient. I am also convinced,
although the point was not contested by the plaintiff, that the Group 1(i)
documents are relevant and necessary in the substantive action. In my judgment
(and in the exercise of my discretion), I therefore allow the discovery and
production of the Group 1(i) documents pursuant to the terms prayed for in the
present application. For the avoidance of doubt, the Group 1(i) documents
refer to items no (1) to (35) of Schedule A (as annexed to the present
application) which originate within the Pre-2006 Period.

**_Group 1(ii) documents_**

36 I turn now to the Group 1(ii) documents, which _general_ character has been
set out above (at [12]).

_The parties’ submissions_

(1) The defendant’s submissions

37 In respect of the Group 1(ii) documents, consisting of those originating
within the Post-2006 Period, the defendants submitted that the plaintiff has
not disputed that these documents are in their possession, custody or power.
However, the plaintiff’s objection is that the discovery of these documents is
irrelevant to the issues pleaded in the substantive action and the discovery
of the same is not necessary for disposing fairly of the cause or matter or
for saving costs.

38 To this the defendants made one general objection based on three specific
arguments: the “cut-off” date of 1 January 2006 for the purposes of relevancy
and necessity is arbitrary and “of no moment” from an accounting and legal
standpoint. The specific arguments are these. First, the alleged fraudulent
acts apparently ceased on 4 October 2005. If the plaintiff is relying on the
periods during which the cheques to Wilkins Enterprise were issued (from 5
September 1994 to 4 October 2005) to determine relevance, then the plaintiff
has not explained why 1 January 2006, instead of 4 October 2005, is being used
as a “cut-off” date. More pertinently, it is evident from the documents
already provided to the defendants that the financial year for the plaintiff
ends on 31 March annually. As such, all documents in relation to the financial
period ending 31 March 2006 are clearly relevant since the plaintiff has
alleged that the alleged misappropriations by Wilson Loh had ceased on 4
October 2005. Thus, if the plaintiff was relying on the period during which
the cheques in question were issued, the “cut-off” date should be 31 March
2006, the last day of the financial year during which the last allegedly
fraudulent cheque was drawn. Finally, a perusal of the Siew affidavit shows
that the plaintiff has provided documents for the Post-2006 Period, although I
note that the examples cited to me do not extend beyond February 2006. These
submissions related only to those categories of documents requested for until
31 March 2006.

39 However, the dates of many of the Group 1(ii) documents in fact extended
beyond 31 March 2006, with many of the requests stated in terms of documents
dated “31 March 2008” or “to date”. In his submissions before me, Mr Teo
additionally referred to the English Court of Appeal decision of _Marshall v
Goulston Discount (Northern) Ltd_ [1966] 3 WLR 599. In that case, the issue
was whether a party was a moneylender. The court held that discovery must be
given of documents that post-dated the transaction in question, as well as
those which pre-dated the transaction. Mr Teo appeared to be suggesting that,
as a general proposition of law, discovery of documents dated post the
transaction in question can be relevant. However, such a broad proposition
does not automatically mean that _all_ post-dated documents are relevant.
Relevance is a question which _might_ be answered by the date of documents,
but that itself does not resolve into the broad proposition that _all_ post-
dated documents are relevant. Each case must be judged on its own facts. In
fairness, Mr Teo obviously recognised this, since he dealt extensively with
the relevance of the Group 1(ii) documents dated not only post 31 December
2005 but also post 31 March 2006 both in his written submissions and before
me.

40 Although extensive arguments were mounted before me, there is no need for
me to set them out in full here. It suffices to cite a few examples of Mr
Teo’s contentions in this respect since the core relevancy submitted by him
was that the Group 1(ii) documents, _especially_ those dated post 31 March
2006, are relevant to the issue of the correctness of the quantum of damages
as quantified by the plaintiff. In essence, the defendants’ forensic
accountant has stated that a feature of the plaintiff’s allegations is that
the purported quantum of the alleged fraud was very simply derived from the
sum of cheques made out to Wilkins Enterprise. The quantum of damages was not
derived from the general accounting records of the plaintiff. In the
defendant’s forensic accountant’s view, there are significant difficulties
with this approach. The sole reliance on cheque images may not be a reliable
method of quantification. It is as such desirable to consider the detailed
accounting records in order to arrive at the quantum of the plaintiff’s actual
losses. Significantly, the sum of the cheques does not take into account
possible payments on behalf of the plaintiff by Wilson Loh or of repayments on
his part. Variations between the sum of the cheques and the accounting records
may signify that the cheques do not reflect the true quantum of the alleged
fraud. Three examples were raised as to how the Group 1(ii) documents would be
relevant in assisting the forensic accountants to advise the defendants and
their solicitors:

(a) Identifying any payments made to contractors by Wilson Loh or Wilkins
Enterprise in order to manage the cash flow of the plaintiff in any of the
following situations: (i) a legitimate debt to a contractor has been created
through normal trade and this debt is used to disguise a payment to Wilkins
Enterprise; (ii) money has been paid to Wilkins Enterprise without the use of
a legitimate debt to disguise it; and (iii) temporary “kiting” of funds by
Wilson Loh. It was specifically pointed out to me that the statutory auditors’
report after the discovery of Wilson Loh’s misappropriations for the period 1
April 2004 to 31 March 2005 showed that these auditors were unable to account
for a large receipt of a round figure of $160,000 and this could be evidence
that Wilson Loh was managing the cash flow of the plaintiff in the way
suggested above.

(b) Identifying any payments made into the plaintiff’s bank accounts by Wilson
Loh or Wilkins Enterprise in order to generally manage the cash flow of the
plaintiff. In this respect, records of the most up to date accounts may permit
identification of other accounts or sources of payments. Likewise, bank
correspondence may reveal the identity of closed accounts which may have
furnished the funds.

(c) Identifying any payments as above or other anomalies by carrying out a
“variance analysis”. The financial statements for the financial years ending
31 March 2007 and 31 March 2008 should be an accurate reflection of the
plaintiff’s financial position after the alleged fraud. They can therefore be
used as a control or basis for comparison with the previous financial
statements. Any anomalies may be indicative of potential differences between
the true financial position and the sum of the cheques paid to Wilkins
Enterprise.

41 As such, the Group 1(ii) documents are relevant, either directly or
indirectly (in that they would lead to train of inquiry), under O 24 r 5 of
the Rules.

(2) The plaintiff’s submissions

42 The plaintiff chose not to draw any further distinction within the Group
1(ii) documents, preferring to deal with them fully, _ie_ , all post 31
December 2005. Its position is _all_ of the Group 1(ii) documents are
irrelevant to the issues pleaded in the substantive action. Alternatively,
these documents are not necessary for the fair disposal of the cause or
matter, or saving costs.

43 The plaintiff’s arguments in this regard was that the defendants have not
pleaded in the Defence (Amendment No 2) that monies may have been or were paid
by Wilson Loh and/or Wilkins Enterprise to contractors to manage the cash flow
of the plaintiff, or that payments had been made into the bank accounts of the
plaintiff by Wilson Loh and/or Wilkins Enterprise. As such, the defendant’s
request for the Group 1(ii) documents is not relevant to the issues pleaded.
It was said that the defendants’ forensic accountant’s “speculations or
averments” that monies may have been or were paid by Wilson Loh and/or Wilkins
Enterprise to the plaintiff’s contractors or bank accounts clearly have taken
the plaintiff by surprise as this was the first time that such arguments have
been raised. It was also said that the defendants are merely fishing for
documents in order to substantiate their speculations regarding Wilson Loh’s
use of the monies.

44 Having set out the parties’ submissions, I now turn to the applicable law.

_The applicable law_

45 As I have alluded to at the outset of this judgment, the applicable law
governing discovery has been very helpfully set out by AR Tan in _Dante Yap
Go_ , and this has made my task in outlining the applicable law much easier.
As AR Tan put it in _Dante Yap Go_ (at [17]), in order to keep the good in and
the bad out, the discovery regime erects two principal barriers that must be
satisfied before discovery is ordered. First, the documents must be relevant;
and second, even if relevance is proven, discovery must be necessary either
for disposing fairly of the cause or matter or for saving costs.

(1) Relevance

(A) REASONABLE NEXUS BETWEEN DOCUMENTS SOUGHT TO BE DISCOVERED AND THE PLEADED
CASES

46 Turning first to the requirement of relevancy, there are two types of
relevance in the Rules, _viz_ , direct and indirect relevance. Both may be
differently described but they are united in that, direct or indirect,
relevance is ultimately decided with reference to the pleadings of any given
case. Relevance described in a vacuum is of little assistance; anything, in
such a characterisation, can be relevant. Indeed, the word “relevance” itself
demands one to ask the question: “(Direct or indirect) relevant to _what_?” To
answer that, I can do no better but to repeat what AR Tan said in _Dante Yap
Go_ (at [20]):

In my view, the Rules demand that there must be a demonstrable nexus between
the documents sought to be discovered to the _pleaded_ cases of the relevant
parties to the main action; and I find resonance for this proposition in
principle, history, case law and policy. [emphasis in original]

47 AR Tan held that (at [21]), in so far as _direct_ relevance is concerned,
it should be obvious as a matter of _principle_ that there is an inextricable
link between discovery and the trial, which is the sharp point at which all
interlocutory processes converge. He put it as such (_id_):

… As such, what is a directly relevant document for the purpose of discovery
must be a directly relevant document for trial, and _vice versa_. In turn,
what is a directly relevant document for trial depends on what has been
pleaded by the parties to that trial. Pleadings are, after all, the
architectural blueprint based on which the entire litigation paradigm is
constructed. …

48 In addition, AR Tan also found support for his proposition in the
_historical_ nature of the discovery process. He held (at [23]) that, in the
past, discovery was part of the pleadings. While in modern litigation these
various processes are split up, that does not detract from the fact that these
seemingly disparate regimes are part of one indivisible whole. AR Tan also
found (at [24]) support in the _case law_ for the proposition that there must
be shown a relationship between the pleadings and the documents sought to be
discovered. In his view, this was explicitly accepted in the Court of Appeal
decision of _Tan Chin Seng & Ors v Raffles Town Club Pte Ltd_ [2002] 3 SLR 345
(“ _Tan Chin Seng_ ”) at [19]:

When an allegation is not pleaded, seeking discovery of a document to back up
such an allegation constitutes fishing: _Marks & Spencer plc v Granada TV_
(unreported, 8 April 1997).

In a similar vein, AR Tan also alluded to Sundaresh Menon JC’s decision in
_UMCI Ltd v Tokio Marine & Fire Insurance Co (Singapore) Pte Ltd and Others_
[2006] 4 SLR 95 as correctly interpreting _Tan Chin Seng_ as standing for this
premise. Menon JC had said (at [71]):

[T]he case affirms the importance of considering the relevance of documents
sought in discovery _by reference to the pleaded issues_. Where discovery is
sought in relation to an issue not raised in the pleadings, then it may well
constitute a fishing exercise. [emphasis added]

49 Finally, AR Tan pointed out (at [27]) that, as a matter of _policy_ , there
is much to commend in requiring a party seeking discovery to relate that
discovery to the pleaded issues:

_This prevents endless foraging of evidence that may not at all be pertinent
to the trial and which may eventually be disallowed from being heard_ (see
[21(b)] above). While a cynic may suggest that all this will do is to
encourage wide-ranging and excessive pleadings, that is not likely to be the
case given that the courts may order costs thrown away if the pleadings are
amended because they are found to be baseless. It may order wasted costs
against the solicitor personally if he is found to have engaged in such
vexatious conduct. Pleadings can also be struck out and the appropriate costs
ordered. Such a litigant may also lose his entitlement to costs even if he
wins at trial. This again is another illustration of the interconnectedness of
the various provisions in the Rules. [emphasis added]

50 In my view, AR Tan’s articulation of the proposition that there is to be a
reasonable nexus between documents sought to be discovered and the pleaded
cases serves as the bedrock underpinning the very determination of discovery.
As will be seen, whether a document is characterised as being directly or
indirectly relevant, the pleadings form the ultimate basis upon which the
court can determine relevancy: see also _Disclosure_ at para 5.12.

(B) DIRECT AND INDIRECT RELEVANCE

51 As I mentioned earlier, under the Rules, there are both direct and indirect
relevance. In relation to the former, the Rules describe directly relevant
documents as:

(a) documents on which the party relies or will rely; and/or

(b) documents which could adversely affect one’s case, another party’s case or
support another party’s case.

52 The question of direct relevance can be very easily dealt with if one has
regard to AR Tan’s proposition in _Dante Yap Go_ that there is to be a
reasonable nexus between documents sought to be discovered and the pleaded
cases. In the present application, I understand that the defendants are
seeking to question the issue of the quantum of the plaintiff’s claimed
damages and it must follow that only the second of these definitions of direct
relevance is of concern here.

53 As for indirect relevance, under O 24 r 5(3)(_c_), a document which may
lead the party seeking discovery of it to a train of inquiry resulting in his
obtaining information which may adversely affect or support the cases of the
parties is discoverable. In that sense, _indirectly_ relevant documents may be
discovered, although the bedrock principle stated by AR Tan in _Dante Yap Go_
nonetheless applies to condition discovery. In this regard, the principles in
relation to indirectly relevant documents have been comprehensively dealt with
by AR Tan in _Dante Yap Go_ , and I set out his holdings in full (at
[29]–[31]):

This is our modern variation of the holding in the _locus classicus_ that is
_Compagnie Financiere Et Commerciale Du Pacifique v Peruvian Guano_ (1882) 11
QBD 55 at 62-63:

A document can properly be said to contain information which may enable the
party [requiring discovery] to advance his case or to damage the case of his
adversary, if it is a document which may fairly lead him to a train of
inquiry, _which may have either of these two consequences_ …

The italicised phrase is critical. A party seeking discovery on the basis of O
24 r 5(3)(_c_) cannot hope to get an order in his favour _unless_ the train of
inquiry will itself lead to the discovery of _directly_ relevant documents, as
defined in the preceding paragraphs. This much is clear from _Tan Chin Seng_
at [35], 355-256, albeit in slightly different terminology:

While the principle on ‘train of inquiry’ is incorporated in r 5, _it is
nevertheless necessary for the applicant party to show in what way the
requested document may lead to a relevant document_. For example, in _Jones v
Richards_ (1885) 15 QBD 439 the court allowed interrogation of the defendant
as to whether or not he was the writer of a letter (which was not in issue) in
order to prove that he was the writer of a libellious letter which was the
subject of the proceedings. _The plaintiffs here did not attempt to show any
such linkage other than stating baldly that there could be a train of
inquiry_. It was clear that the plaintiffs just wanted the specified documents
(as ordered by the assistant registrar), and not that the discovery of those
documents (which we ruled to be irrelevant) might lead to relevant documents.
That was not their position. In modern litigation, discovery must be kept
under proper control.

**_Once again, there must be still be shown a connection between what is
discovered and the ultimate end-point, which is the pleadings that in turn
control what are pertinent to the trial_**. The reasons for this are similar
to those articulated above in relation to the definition of direct relevance.

[original emphasis in italics, emphasis in bold italics]

(2) Necessity for disposing fairly of the cause or matter or for saving costs

54 As for the second requirement of disposing the matter fairly or for saving
costs, it is clear from O 24 r 5(1) set out above that it is subject to r 7,
described by the Court of Appeal in _Tan Chin Seng_ as prescribing “an
overriding principle” (at [15]). Rule 7 provides:

7 On the hearing of an application for an order under Rule 1, 5 or 6, the
Court may, if satisfied that discovery is not necessary, or not necessary at
that stage of the cause or matter, dismiss or, as the case may be, adjourn the
application and shall in any case refuse to make such an order if and so far
as _it is of opinion that discovery is not necessary either for disposing
fairly of the cause or matter or for saving costs_. [emphasis added]

55 Thus, in _Bayerische Hypo-und Vereinsbank AG v Asia Pacific Breweries_
_(Singapore) Pte Ltd_ [2004] 4 SLR 39, Belinda Ang J said (at [37]–[38]):

… The ultimate test is whether discovery is necessary for disposing fairly of
the proceedings or for saving costs. An assertion that the documents are
relevant will not be good enough. Equally, an assertion that the documents are
necessary because they are relevant will not be enough. Obviously, if a
document is not relevant, it cannot be necessary for disposing of the cause or
matter. On the other hand, documents may be relevant to a case without being
necessary to it. The word used in O 24 r 7 is “necessary” and not “desirable”
or “relevant”. …

The court is, by O 24 r 7, concerned with the discretion to refuse disclosure
of a document unless the necessity for disclosure is clearly demonstrated. …

More recently, Tay Yong Kwang J in _Ting Kang Chung John v Teo Hee Lai
Building Construction Pte Ltd_ [2008] SGHC 54 (at [14]) also repeated that the
overriding principle in discovery is that it must be either for disposing
fairly of the cause or matter or for saving costs.

56 The above thus covers briefly the well-litigated law on the two general
requirements of the discovery regime. I turn now to analyse the present
application in relation to the Group 1(ii) documents.

_Analysis_

(1) Group 1(ii) documents dated between 1 January 2006 and 31 March 2006 (both
dates inclusive)

57 I will deal first with the Group 1(ii) documents dated between 1 January
2006 and 31 March 2006 (both dates inclusive). In relation to the plaintiff’s
“cut-off” date of 1 January 2006, I agree with the defendants that this is an
arbitrary date. There are more plausible dates, such as the date by which the
plaintiff is sure Wilson Loh’s fraudulent acts had ceased (that is, when he
disappeared and his earlier fraudulent acts were discovered) _or_ the end of
the financial year 2006, _ie_ , 31 March 2006. 1 January 2006, apart from
being the start of a new year, has no reasonable and logical connection to the
issues pleaded in the substantive action. In any event, Ms Lim for the
defendants did not attempt to explain the significance of 1 January 2006, save
to imply that because Wilson Loh’s fraudulent acts ceased in 2005, the
post-2006 documents are not relevant.

58 However, while I am of the view that 31 March 2006 is not an acceptable
“cut-off” date, the onus still remains with the defendants to convince me that
the Group 1(ii) documents are relevant and necessary. In relation to such
documents dated between 1 January 2006 and 31 March 2006 (both dates
inclusive), I am of the view that they are relevant and necessary and an order
for their discovery ought to be made. First, the guiding principle is that of
relevance, which is in turn founded upon the pleaded cases. As I summarised
above (at [6]–[7]), the defendants’ case is built upon four main “defences”,
namely, (a) lack of causation, (b) contributory negligence by the plaintiff,
(c) insufficient mitigation of losses and (d) the onset of limitation. The
documents sought to be discovered must be either directly or indirectly
relevant in relation to these pleaded defences.

59 As the defendants have pointed out, it is evident from the documents
already provided to the defendants that the financial year for the plaintiff
ends on 31 March annually. As such, all documents in relation to the financial
period ending 31 March 2006 are clearly relevant since the plaintiff has
alleged that the fraudulent acts by Wilson Loh had ceased on 4 October 2005,
which was _within_ the financial year ending 31 March 2006. These documents
would help the defendants paint a more complete picture of the plaintiff’s
financial state in the final year in which Wilson Loh misappropriated the
monies, and enable them to advance their pleaded defences of either (a) lack
of causation or (b) contributory negligence by the plaintiff. Although Wilson
Loh’s fraudulent acts had ceased the very latest in October 2005, it does not
mean that relevance (direct or indirect) stops with that date. In fact, I
think that the defendants are entitled to know the full state of the final
financial year in which Wilson Loh’s fraudulent acts took place. In any event,
I also note that the plaintiff has in fact provided documents for the period
between 1 January 2006 and 31 March 2006 (both dates inclusive), an implicit
acknowledgement that not only is the “cut-off” date of 1 January 2006
illogical, but also that, _at the very least_ , the documents emanating from
the final financial year during which Wilson Loh’s fraudulent acts took place
are somewhat relevant to the substantive action.

60 I appreciate the plaintiff’s objections in relation to the insufficiency of
the defendants’ pleaded case. Indeed, as will be seen later, I accept the
plaintiff’s objection in this regard in relation to the Group 1(ii) documents
dated from 1 April 2006 to date (both dates inclusive). However, at least for
the Group 1(ii) documents dated between 1 January 2006 and 31 March 2006 (both
dates inclusive), I do not think that the relevance of these documents is
solely founded on a dispute as to the quantum of damages claimed by the
plaintiff. As I have explained, the defendants’ pleaded defences of causation
and contributory negligence require them, in my view, to have a complete
picture of the final financial year during which Wilson Loh carried out his
fraudulent acts.

61 For completeness, I should also say that I am convinced that the Group
1(ii) documents dated between 1 January 2006 and 31 March 2006 (both dates
inclusive) are necessary either for disposing fairly of the cause or matter or
for saving costs. For these reasons, I allow the discovery and production of
the Group 1(ii) documents dated between 1 January 2006 and 31 March 2006 (both
dates inclusive) pursuant to the terms prayed for in the present application.
For the avoidance of doubt, the Group 1(ii) documents refer to items no (1) to
(35) of Schedule A (as annexed to the present application) which originate
within the Post-2006 Period.

(2) Group 1(ii) documents dated from 1 April 2006 to date (both dates
inclusive)

62 As for the Group 1(ii) documents dated from 1 April 2006 to date (both
dates inclusive), I am of the view that they are not relevant. In this
respect, the defendants’ contention was that these documents would enable them
to ascertain the true quantum of damages claimed by the plaintiff. However, I
am not convinced by the defendants’ submissions before me that they had
pleaded a specific argument in furtherance of their bare denial of the quantum
of damages claimed by the plaintiff. As I have stated above (at [10]), I do
not think that either of the two paragraphs in the Defence (Amendment No 2)
pointed out by the defendants (_viz_ , paras 20 and 24) amounted to a denial
of the quantum of damages claimed by the plaintiff or, more specifically, the
amount allegedly misappropriated by Wilson Loh. The correct paragraph, as the
plaintiff pointed out, ought to be para 13 of the Defence (Amendment No 2).
Paragraph 13 makes a bare denial of the particularised loss and damage claimed
for by the plaintiff, including the sum of $4,767,622.43 allegedly
misappropriated by Wilson Loh.

(A) INSUFFICIENCY IN PLEADINGS

63 I do not agree with the defendants that this bare denial (which, in any
event, they did not refer me to) meant that they could thereby mount an
extensive discovery against the plaintiff to enable them to disprove the
_manner_ in which the plaintiff came to quantifying the alleged loss and
damage. As with all legal documents, one must read para 13 of the Defence
(Amendment No 2) in its proper context: see for this proposition in the area
of contractual interpretation the _very_ recent Court of Appeal decision of
_Zurich Insurance (Singapore) Pte Ltd v B-Gold Interior Design & Construction
Pte Ltd_ [2008] SGCA 27. In the context of a defence which pleads four main
“defences”, this denial of the quantum of damages claimed by the plaintiff
must mean that the _reason_ for denial was _not_ with the _manner_ in which
the quantum was calculated but, _rather_ , with the plaintiff’s causes of
action which _led_ to the quantum so pleaded. There is subtle but important
distinction between the two, which is implicit in the distinction between
liability and damage. It is trite law that liability must be separately proved
from damage. Liability leads to damage, and so any attack on liability would
be an indirect challenge on damage. But the manner in which damage is
challenged here is indirect in so far as if one can disprove liability, it
must follow that damage is either completely disproved or partially so.
However, even when liability is proved, damage still needs to be separately
proved. Here a separate challenge can be made to damage, regardless of what
the case was in relation to liability. The challenge on damage here is direct
and is usually founded on the principle that the plaintiff must prove his
actual loss. This is what I mean by the _manner_ in which damage (or, more
specifically, its quantum) is calculated. I should also note that the
distinction between liability and damage is not a bright and clear one, and
some have seen causation as being part of “damage”. However, for the purposes
of the present distinction, an attack on causation, even if causation belongs
to the realm of “damage”, is not a _direct_ attack on the _quantum_ of
damages.

64 In my view, reading para 13 of the Defence (Amendment No 2) in its proper
context, the defendants have merely pleaded an _indirect_ attack on the
quantum of damages claimed by the plaintiff in so far as it is founded on a
_direct_ attack on liability, _viz_ , by way of the “defences” based on
causation and contributory negligence. I do not think that such a denial opens
the door to a wide scope of discovery pertaining to a direct challenge to
damage. I find support in this conclusion in case law and policy.

65 First, case law. In _Emjay Enterprises Pte Ltd v Skylift Consolidator (Pte)
Ltd_ [2006] 2 SLR 268 (“ _Emjay_ ”), the plaintiff had obtained interlocutory
judgment against the defendant for breach of contract, with damages to be
assessed. In the circumstances, the exception clause in question had not
figured with regard to the issue of liability. However, at the stage of the
assessment of damages, the defendant sought to introduce the exception clause
and rely on a defence founded on it. Such a defence had never been pleaded.
The plaintiff objected to the introduction of this clause on the basis that
the exception clause had not been pleaded. It argued that as such a clause was
relevant to the issue of liability, it ought to have been pleaded at the
liability stage. From the foregoing, the High Court ruled that there were two
issues to be decided: first, whether the so-called exception clause went to
liability or damages. This determined whether such a clause could be
introduced without being pleaded pursuant to O 18 r 13(4) of the Rules. The
second issue was whether O 18 r 13(4) applied to facts such as those in
_Emray_.

66 In the event, Andrew Phang Boon Leong J decided that the so-called
exception clause in question went towards liability and hence could not be
introduced without being pleaded. However, the learned judge went on to
observe that _even if_ the exception clause went towards damages, O 18 r 3(4)
would not have permitted the defendant to argue, without more, that issues
relating to the assessment of damages need not be pleaded. He put it as such
(at [31]):

In any event, I find that O 18 r 13(4) does not permit a defendant to argue,
without more, that issues as the assessment of damages need not be pleaded.
They merely permit the defendant concerned to argue that any allegation as to,
_inter alia_ , the amount of damages put forward by the plaintiff is deemed to
have been traversed. _The onus on the defendant to specifically plead a
specific argument (such as that proffered in the instant case) remains_.
[emphasis added]

67 Indeed, Phang J also accepted (at [33]) as correct the position adopted by
the English Court of Appeal in _Plato Films Ltd v Speidel_ [1961] AC 1090 that
notwithstanding the then English equivalent of our O 18 r 13(4), the then
English equivalent of our O 18 r 8 (relating to any pleading subsequent to a
Statement of Claim) ought to prevail. Order 18 r 8 provides as follows:

(1) A party must in any pleading subsequent to a statement of claim plead
specifically any matter, for example, performance, release, any relevant
statute of limitation, fraud or any fact showing illegality —

(_a_) which he alleges makes any claim or defence of the opposite party not
maintainable;

(_b_) which, if not specifically pleaded, might take the opposite party by
surprise; or

(_c_) which raises issues of fact not arising out of the preceding pleading.

Finally, Phang J also quoted with approval observations by Prof Pinsler in
_Singapore Court Practice 2005_ (LexisNexis, 2005) to the effect that despite
O 18 r 13(4), it is very common practice for an allegation of damage to be
traversed in the form of a denial or non-admission and this is a very welcome
practice as it enables the plaintiff to know the case he will have to meet.
Indeed, Prof Pinsler also points to O 18 r 8(1)(_b_), which requires matters
to be pleaded if otherwise they would take a party by surprise. He finally
noted that if the defendant intends to raise matters which affect damage, they
must be specifically pleaded, referring to O 18 r 8(1)(_a_) and (_b_).

68 Although the defendants tried to distinguish _Emray_ on the facts, I am of
the view that the significance of _Emray_ is not so much in its facts but in
the _generally applicable_ principle of law which it supports. In my judgment,
the effect of _Emray_ is to mandate the defendant to plead specifically the
reasons why he disagrees with, for example, the _manner_ in which the quantum
of damages claimed is calculated. If there is merely a bare denial then the
effect of such a denial must be read in the context of the rest of the
defence. Where the defence pleads other matters amounting to an indirect
attack on damage (as discussed above), then it will not be open to the
defendant to later say that he was in fact _also_ mounting a _direct_
challenge to the quantum of damages claimed as well inasmuch as he was
disputing the _manner_ in which such quantum was calculated. Given that the
extent of discovery (as conditioned by relevance) is governed ultimately by
the pleaded cases, the effect of _Emray_ is that discovery will be limited to
documents related to an _indirect_ challenge on the quantum claimed (by way of
a direct attack on liability) _if_ the specific argument as to the
disagreement about the _manner_ in which the quantum of damages claimed is
calculated is not pleaded.

69 Indeed, in _Disclosure_ at para 5.21, the learned authors gave some
examples of the operation of this proposition. For example, in _Dunn v British
Coal Corporation_ [1993] ICR 591, which concerned an industrial accident, the
plaintiff sued the defendant for damages for, _inter alia_ , continuing loss
of earnings until his normal retirement age due to neck injuries sustained.
The plaintiff consented to discovery of any medical records related to his
neck, including any pre-existing complaints, but refused to anything more
extensive. In the event, the English Court of Appeal allowed the discovery of
_all_ medical records. Stuart-Smith LJ stated (at 597–598):

In my opinion the documents in question are relevant to the second broader
issue which I have defined, _whether or not they actually contain information
that leads to the conclusion that the employee would not, but for the
accident, have worked until normal retiring age_. The employee must prove that
the loss of future earnings or earning capacity was caused by the accident.
The onus is on him. _Strictly speaking therefore he must prove that he is in
normal health and does not suffer from any condition which might cut short his
working life_. In the absence of evidence to the contrary, this is usually not
contested by defendants at trial. But the claim for damages is in issue on the
pleadings, and documents which show that the employee has never suffered
anything more serious than an attack of influenza are relevant to this issue,
just as much as documents which show that he is suffering from some condition
or disease which is likely to cut short his working life. [emphasis added]

70 From the passage reproduced, one can see that the attack on the quantum of
damages was an _indirect_ one in so far as it depended on the issue of
causation. It is unclear from the judgment whether causation was specifically
pleaded, but from the tenor of the judgment and the importance attributed to
this issue, one would justifiably suppose that it was. If so, this lends
strength to my conclusion above that a direct attack on quantum of damages by
a bare denial in the pleadings, without more, would be insufficient for the
discovery of an extensive scope of documents relating to the _manner_ by which
such quantum was calculated. Similarly, in _Calvet v Tomkies_ [1963] 1 WLR
1397, the English Court of Appeal held that in a libel action where no special
damage was alleged, the defendant was not entitled to discovery as to the
income of the plaintiff. This is simply an application of the principle that
relevance in discovery must relate to pleadings, and that in so far as quantum
of damages is concerned, if the challenge is to the manner by which it is
calculated, that must likewise be pleaded.

71 Secondly, from a policy point of view, I think that this conclusion is
aptly justified. If the _bare_ denial of the quantum of damages claimed can
open the door to an extensive discovery for documents relating to the _manner_
in which such quantum was reached, discovery would never end. The logic of
such a proposition can even be extended such that every single bare denial,
even if not relating to damages, can be used to support an extensive discovery
process even though the pleadings were not so specific or extensive. I can
hardly think that would fulfil the purpose of discovery to enable a party to
acquire information which he does not have concerning the issues _in the suit_
so that he can effectively prepare and present his case for trial _if such
discovery was in fact necessary for disposing fairly of the proceedings or for
saving costs_ : see _Singapore Court Practice 2006_ at para 24/1/1 and O 24 r
7 of the Rules.

72 Returning to the present application, I therefore agree with the plaintiff
that the defendants have not sufficiently pleaded the problems it now alleges
exist in the plaintiff’s manner of calculating the quantum of damages claimed
for. Given that the relevance of the Group 1(ii) documents dated from 1 April
2006 to date (both dates inclusive) was stated by the defendants to be in
their utility towards challenging the manner in which the quantum of damages
was calculated by the plaintiff, _coupled_ with my finding that the challenge
towards the manner of calculating such quantum was not sufficiently pleaded by
the defendants, I conclude that these documents are _not_ relevant for the
issues in the substantive action. The defendants of course attempted the
argument that these documents, if not directly relevant, would be indirectly
so, but they have not explained how relevant documents in the sense of those
documents consonant with their pleadings will be unearthed. Accordingly, I
also do not accept that the Group 1(ii) documents dated from 1 April 2006 to
date (both dates inclusive) would be indirectly relevant.

73 For completeness, I should also add that I reject the defendants’
submission that they are being put in a position whereby they cannot plead
what they do not know and therefore should be allowed discovery of the
documents concerned. They have attempted to convince me that subsequent
investigations revealed that Wilson Loh’s misappropriations for the period 1
April 2004 to 31 March 2005 showed that a large receipt of a round figure of
$160,000 was unaccounted for and this could be evidence that Wilson Loh was
managing the cash flow of the plaintiff in the way they suggested, leading to
problems with the manner in which the quantum of damages claimed was
calculated. If this is so, then I do not see why the defendants cannot amend
their pleadings to reflect their new-found suspicions based, as it were, on
concrete facts, before seeking discovery of the relevant documents. Indeed, it
must be remembered that the courts will not allow wide-ranging discovery if
the party’s sole purpose is to fish for possible defences: see _British
Leyland Motor v Wyatt Interpart_ [1979] FSR 39.

74 For these reasons, I disallow discovery and production of the Group 1(ii)
documents dated from 1 April 2006 to date (both dates inclusive) pursuant to
the terms prayed for in the present application. For the avoidance of doubt,
the Group 1(ii) documents refer to items no (1) to (35) of Schedule A (as
annexed to the present application) which originate within the Post-2006
Period.

(B) DEFENDANTS’ PURPOSE NONETHELESS MET

75 In any event, I note that _even if_ I were to agree with the defendants
that their challenge in relation to the quantum of damages claimed by the
plaintiff were sufficiently pleaded, the discovery and production of the Group
1(ii) documents dated between 1 January 2006 and 31 March 2006 (both dates
inclusive) would be sufficient for them to meet two of three examples cited by
their forensic accountant to enable the latter to advise the defendants and
their solicitors (see [40] above).

76 First, in relation to the identification of any payments made to
contractors by Wilson Loh or Wilkins Enterprise in order to manage the cash
flow of the plaintiff, it is not disputed that Wilson Loh disappeared around
October 2005 after his fraudulent acts were discovered. Therefore, he could
not have “managed” the cash flow of the plaintiff in the way claimed by the
defendants _after_ the financial year ending 31 March 2006. Accordingly, the
Group 1(ii) documents I have ordered to be discovered and produced would in
fact be sufficient for the defendants’ forensic accountant to achieve the
aforesaid identification. Secondly, in relation to the identification of any
payments made into the plaintiff’s bank accounts by Wilson Loh or Wilkins
Enterprise in order to generally manage the cash flow of the plaintiff, I can
hardly think that Wilson Loh or Wilkins Enterprise would still be making
payments into the plaintiff’s bank account _after_ Wilson Loh was exposed and
disappeared in 2005.

77 Accordingly, I think that with the documents discovered and produced up to
the end of the financial year 2006 (ending on 31 March 2006), the defendants
actually would have fulfilled two of the three purposes they advanced to
convince me to order discovery and production of _all_ Group 1(ii) documents
up to the present date. I acknowledge that the third example of “variance
analysis” may not be readily realised simply by the provision of documents up
to 31 March 2006 but since I have disagreed with the defendants as to the
relevancy of such documents to dispute the quantum of damages claimed by the
plaintiff, that is of no consequence to my decision.

**_Group 2 documents_**

78 Having dealt with the Group 1 documents, I now turn my attention to the
Group 2 documents. The general character of the Group 2 documents has been set
out above (at [12]). Essentially, I do not understand the plaintiff to be
disputing the relevance or necessity of these documents. Neither do I discern
the plaintiff to be denying that it does not have these documents in its
possession, custody or power. It, however, submitted that these documents are
protected by litigation privilege in that the dominant purpose for which the
documents were created was for intended litigation.

79 Before I deal with the parties’ submissions, I should point out that at the
adjourned hearing before me, Ms Lim for the plaintiff applied to tender a new
affidavit by Ms Chotrani (affirmed on 25 June 2008) in aid of her case in
respect of litigation privilege. As expected, Mr Teo for the defendants
strongly objected to this application, although he later stated candidly that
he has had time to take instructions from his client and had, in fact,
prepared a reply affidavit in response should the court decide to allow the
plaintiff to tender the new affidavit by Ms Chotrani. Assured by the fact that
the defendants had time to respond to this new affidavit and would therefore
not be unduly prejudiced, I allowed Ms Lim to tender the new affidavit.
Needless to say, I also allowed Mr Teo to tender the reply affidavit.

_The parties’ submissions_

80 It is trite law that the burden lies squarely on the party claiming
privilege to prove that the documents concerned are indeed protected by
privilege: see _Brink’s Inc v Singapore Airlines_ [1998] 2 SLR 657 (“ _Brink’s
Inc_ ”) at 660. As such, it is for the plaintiff to convince me that the Group
2 documents are protected by litigation privilege. I shall therefore outline
its arguments first.

(1) The plaintiff’s submissions

81 In relation to items no (36) to (38) of Schedule A, which are documents
prepared by or in connection with the plaintiff’s forensic accountant, the
plaintiff submitted that these documents were prepared under circumstances
which led to the establishment of litigation privilege.

82 In this connection, the second defendant convened an emergency meeting on 4
October 2005, during which it informed the Council Members of the Managing
Council of several facts that eventually led the plaintiff to uncover the
fraudulent acts of Wilson Loh. On 6 October 2005, the plaintiff engaged Messrs
Harry Elias Partnership (“HEP”) to advise it. HEP then engaged an independent
forensic accountant on the instructions of the plaintiff on 10 October 2005.
The plaintiff then gave three reasons why litigation was reasonably
contemplated at the time when the report by the forensic accountant was
commissioned:

(a) First, it can be seen that the prospect of litigation was imminent at the
time when the report by the plaintiff’s forensic accountant was commissioned
in the notice to subsidiary proprietors dated 18 October 2005.

(b) Secondly, from the minutes of the emergency meeting on 4 October 2005, it
is evident that the plaintiff would have been aware of the vast sums of money
that could have been lost as a result of the fraudulent acts of Wilson Loh.
Given the extent of the losses suffered by the plaintiff, there was a
reasonable prospect of litigation at the time of commissioning the plaintiff’s
forensic accountant.

(c) Thirdly, in the course of investigations, correspondence between the
plaintiff’s solicitors and the second defendant’s solicitors at that time were
exchanged. Much of these correspondences as early as October 2005 were marked
“without prejudice” and this therefore showed that litigation was
contemplated.

83 As for the “dominant purpose” test, it was submitted that the report
prepared by the plaintiff’s forensic accountant would shed light on the
quantum of losses suffered and would likewise aid in ascertaining the
financial impact of the fraud on the plaintiff and would be relevant for
litigation as well.

84 In relation to item no (39) of Schedule A, which are communications between
the plaintiff and the relevant police or governmental authorities, it was
submitted that these were likewise protected by litigation privilege since the
dominant purpose of these communications were for intended litigation.

(2) The defendants’ submissions

85 In response, the defendants first pointed out that the plaintiff has done
no more than to make a bare assertion of privilege. This was the position
_before_ the admission of the new affidavit by Ms Chotrani. However, in
response to this new affidavit, the defendants pointed out that she was not a
Council Member at the time of the discovery of the fraud, nor at the time the
plaintiff’s forensic accountant was appointed on 14 October 2005. Indeed, Ms
Chotrani does not claim to have been privy to any discussion or decision-
making process within the plaintiff, let alone the Managing Council, regarding
the appointment of the forensic accountant and the reasons for it.
Accordingly, it was submitted that the plaintiff has not advanced any evidence
of any discussions amongst any of the relevant persons touching on the
appointment of the forensic accountant.

86 Notwithstanding this, the defendants additionally submitted that the
objective evidence clearly shows that there was either no reasonable
contemplation of litigation or that the dominant purpose behind the
preparation of the documents sought to be discovered was not in anticipation
of litigation:

(a) There was no intimation of a claim by the plaintiff, nor any reasonable
contemplation of litigation. There is no suggestion or evidence to show that
it was going to take legal action around 13 October 2005, the date of the
police report. Mr Teo also suggested that although there was a “mere”
possibility of litigation, this was not the same as a “reasonable” prospect of
litigation and that, in any event, the _possible_ litigation was not clearly
stated to have been against the defendants.

(b) There were other purposes for the appointment of the plaintiff’s forensic
accountant: one of the main reasons for their engagement was to assist the
relevant government authorities to establish the circumstances in relation to
the possible losses suffered by the plaintiff.

87 As for item no (39) in Schedule A, the defendants submitted that these
documents clearly cannot be for the dominant purpose of litigation.

88 Having set out the parties’ submissions, I now turn to the applicable law.

_The applicable law_

(1) General principles of litigation privilege

89 As Prof Pinsler writes in _Singapore Court Practice 2006_ at p 632, the law
recognises that although certain documents may be relevant to the issues and,
therefore, a necessary part of the evidence, a higher priority demands that
they should not be produced for inspection. This higher priority is often
referred to as a “privilege” upon which the party relies to avoid production.
Legal professional privilege is one example. Legal professional privilege is
in turn found in two principle forms: legal advice privilege and litigation
privilege. It is the latter form that is of concern in the present
application. This particular privilege ensures that the advocate and solicitor
can prepare his case effectively and free from interference. This ensures the
same objectives as legal advice privilege by not obliging the advocate to
disclose all the information which he obtains from third parties for the
purpose of the litigation: see also the Canadian Supreme Court decision of
_Minister of Justice v Sheldon Blank (Attorney General of Ontario, The
Advocates’ Society and Information Commissioner of Canada (Interveners))_
[2006] SCC 39 (“ _Minister of Justice_ ”) at [31].

90 In the recent Court of Appeal decision of _Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB
(Publ), Singapore Branch v Asia Pacific Breweries (Singapore) Pte Ltd_ [2007]
2 SLR 367 (“ _Skandinaviska_ ”), it was held (at [34] and [67]) that
litigation privilege is statutorily recognised by s 131 of the Evidence Act
(Cap 97, 1997 Rev Ed) (“EA”) even though it is of common law origin (see also
Chin Tet Yung, “Extending the Scope of Legal Advice Privilege” (2007) 19 SAcLJ
133). Section 131 provides as follows:

131\. _No one_ shall be _compelled_ to disclose to the court _any confidential
communication_ which has taken place _between him and his legal professional
adviser unless_ he offers himself as a witness, in which case he may be
compelled to disclose any such communications as may appear to the court
necessary to be known in order to explain any evidence which he has given, but
no others. [emphasis added]

The Court of Appeal held that (at [34]):

It should also be noted that since s 131 is expressed to operate in the
broader context of court proceedings where the client might offer himself as a
witness, in which case he may be compelled to disclose any communication the
court deems necessary, _it also extends the area of legal advice privilege to
the domain of litigation privilege_. That this is the intention of s 131 is
made clear by the reference to the use of the expression “legal professional
adviser” who need not necessarily be an advocate or solicitor. When s 131 was
enacted, the legal profession in Singapore did not have any advocates or
solicitors, but English barristers and solicitors and also what were then
known as law agents and also pleaders, who might not even be legally
qualified. _But litigation privilege was applied to all legal advisers
involved in assisting their respective clients in litigation_. [emphasis
added]

Accordingly, the Court of Appeal later stated that s 2(2) of the EA would
confirm the applicability of litigation privilege at common law in the local
context as there is no inconsistency between litigation privilege at common
law and ss 128 and 131 of the EA read together (see also _Law Society of
Singapore v Tan Guat Neo Phyllis_ [2008] 2 SLR 239 at [116]–[124] and _Lee
Chez Kee v PP_ [2008] SGCA 20 at [116] for the relationship between the common
law and the EA).

(2) The requirements of litigation privilege

91 In _Skandinaviska_ , it was additionally held that there are two basic and
closely related requirements before litigation privilege can be claimed: (a)
there must have been a reasonable prospect of litigation; and (b) the dominant
purpose of the document in question is for pending or contemplated litigation.

(A) REASONABLE PROSPECT OF LITIGATION

92 For the first requirement of a reasonable prospect of litigation, the Court
of Appeal in _Skandinaviska_ has, with respect, dealt with the issue in some
detail and it suffices for me to reproduce what it has said (at [70], [71] and
[73]):

Turning to the basic principles or requirements of litigation privilege, the
threshold question is whether litigation must have been contemplated. This is
only logical and commonsensical, for if litigation was not even contemplated
to begin with, how could any party invoke litigation privilege in the first
instance? This is a question of fact. The question is: At the time the client
sought legal advice or consulted his lawyer, did he have the prospect of
litigation in mind? To determine his state of mind, we would need to know the
circumstances in which legal advice was sought. In this respect, we are of the
view that Taylor LJ’s concept of a legal context in _Balabel_ (although
originally expounded in the context of legal advice privilege) is appropriate
for this purpose. Was, in other words, the legal context in the present case
one in which litigation was contemplated?

For this purpose, the generally accepted criterion is that of a “ _reasonable
prospect_ ” of litigation (see also, for example, _per_ Lord Carswell in
_Three Rivers No 6_ ([24] _supra_ at [83]) and _per_ Rix J (as he then was) in
the English High Court decision of _Hellenic Mutual War Risks Association
(Bermuda) Ltd and General Contractors Importing and Services Enterprises v
Harrison (The “Sagheera”)_ [1997] 1 Lloyd’s Rep 160 at 166, as well as
_Phipson on Evidence_ ([38] _supra_ at para 23-85) and _Singapore Civil
Procedure 2003_ (Sweet & Maxwell Asia, 2003) at para 24/3/15).

…

Adopting the general sense of the above passage, it is clear that there is no
requirement that the chance of litigation must be higher than 50% (although as
it was once thought that there must be a virtual certainty: see _Collins v
London General Omnibus Company_ (1893) 68 LT 831, a standard/threshold which
was too high and unrealistic). We are content to accept that the test of a “
_reasonable prospect_ ” of litigation is sufficient to raise the privilege.

93 I would only add that the “reasonable prospect” requirement is usually
stated secondarily to the “dominant purpose” test in decided cases. I
therefore see some utility characterising this first requirement as a
_factual_ requirement since it is really encompassed within the “dominant
purpose” test (discussed below). Indeed, in his earlier formulation of the
“reasonable prospect” requirement, Bray put the test this way (see _The
Principles and Practice of Discovery_ (Legal Books, Reprint of 1885 ed, 1985)
(“ _Bray_ ”) at p 408):

There must be some _definite_ prospect of litigation and not a mere vague
anticipation of it. [emphasis added]

94 This must be read in the context of the more general proposition put forth
in _Bray_ (at p 405):

(b) As to Documents or Communications [having reference to or connection with
Litigation then existing or anticipated] which are Privileged.

Such a document to be privileged must … have come into existence or been …
prepared, if a document, or passed, if an oral communication, after litigation
commenced or in view of anticipated … litigation, …, either for the purpose of
obtaining evidence to be used in such litigation, or information which might
lead to the obtaining of such evidence… or information as the evidence which
could be obtained… or in order to supply the proof to be inserted in the
brief… or as materials or information for the brief… or under the advise or
direction of the solicitor for the purpose of enabling him to conduct the
litigation or advise his client in reference thereto… for the purpose of
giving advice or obtaining evidence in reference to existing or contemplated
litigation… or at his instance and for his use for such purpose… or for the
purpose of being submitted to him for such purpose.

95 As can be seen, the state of the common law in the 19th century (as
summarised in _Bray_) was that there had to be a _definite_ prospect of
litigation and the document must have come into existence for one of several
purposes, all connected with litigation. In the modern equivalent of the test,
there now has to be a _reasonable_ prospect of litigation, but the document
concerned must have come into existence for the _dominant_ purpose of
litigation. Viewed this way, it can be seen that the “dominant” requirement is
(pardon the pun) _dominant_ in both transmutations of the same test. In the
older version, the “dominant” requirement is premised on litigation being
definite; any document coming into existence under such circumstances for one
of several purposes connected to litigation _must_ therefore be prepared for
the _dominant_ purpose of litigation. In the modern version, the “dominant”
requirement comes at the tail-end of the test: there need only to have been a
reasonable prospect of litigation but because this does not guarantee that all
resulting documents would be for the _dominant_ purpose of litigation, there
is a separate requirement of “dominant purpose”. In other words, “dominant
purpose” is always the conditioning factor. This is also in line with the aims
of privilege, in protecting documents only so far as necessary to give effect
to the greater public interest that all relevant documents be revealed and
made available (see _per_ Lord Edmund-Davies in _Waugh v British Railways
Board_ [1980] AC 521 (“ _Waugh_ ”) at 543).

96 In other words, where there is a dominant purpose of litigation (in respect
of the purpose of the documents), it must be that litigation was reasonably
contemplated. The first requirement is thus a facet, although not a direct
copy, of the latter, with the consequence that the “reasonable prospect of
litigation” test serves no independent value on its own as a _legal_
requirement. There is, of course, some authority for the distinction between a
factual and legal characterisation in relation to the stages in the test for
duty of care: see _Spandeck Engineering (S) Pte Ltd v Defence Science &
Technology Agency_ [2007] 4 SLR 100, later explained and refined in _Ngiam
Kong Seng v Lim Chiew Hock_ [2008] SGCA 23. The _practical_ effect of such a
classification would be for parties to quickly converge on the point which is
the weakest of the party seeking privilege. If the privilege is almost doomed
to fail, then the point of attack would be the reasonable prospect of
litigation requirement, since it would almost always be fulfilled in
marginally meritorious cases.

(B) “DOMINANT PURPOSE” TEST

97 As I have said, the “dominant purpose” test is at the forefront of the
legal analysis pertaining to litigation privilege. This requires that the
_dominant_ purpose for which legal advice had been sought and obtained be in
anticipation or contemplation of litigation. But what does “dominant purpose”
mean? In _Waugh_ , the wife of an employee of the Railways Board, who had died
in a train accident, applied for disclosure of the investigation report that
had been prepared in the aftermath of the accident. The House of Lords held
that the report had a dual purpose: to determine the cause of the incident and
for submission to the Board’s solicitors in anticipation of litigation. As
these purposes were equal in rank, the privilege did not apply. In so doing,
Lord Edmund-Davies put it as such (at 543–544):

Adopting that approach, I would certainly deny a claim to privilege when
litigation was merely one of several purposes of equal or similar importance
intended to be served by the material sought to be withheld from disclosure,
and a fortiori where it was merely a minor purpose. On the other hand, I
consider that it would be going too far to adopt the “ _sole_ purpose” test
applied by the majority in _Grant v. Downs_ ,which has been adopted in no
United Kingdom decision nor, as far as we are aware, elsewhere in the
Commonwealth. Its adoption would deny privilege even to material whose
outstanding purpose is to serve litigation, simply because another and very
minor purpose was also being served. But, inasmuch as the _only_ basis of the
claim to privilege in such cases as the present one is that the material in
question was brought into existence for use in legal proceedings, it is surely
right to insist that, before the claim is conceded or upheld, such a purpose
must be shown to have played a paramount part. Which phrase or epithet should
be selected to designate this is a matter of individual judgment. Lord Denning
M.R., as we have seen, favoured adoption of the phrase employed in the Law
Reform Committee’s Sixteenth Report, viz., “material which came into existence
… _wholly or mainly_ ” for the purpose of litigation (para 17). “Wholly” I
personally would reject for the same reason as I dislike “solely,” but
“mainly” is nearer what I regard as the preferable test. Even so, it lacks the
element of clear paramountcy which should, as I think, be the touchstone.
After considerable deliberation, I have finally come down in favour of the
test propounded by Barwick C.J. in _Grant v. Downs_ , 135 C.L.R. 674, in the
following words, at p 677:

“Having considered the decisions, the writings and the various aspects of the
public interest which claim attention, I have come to the conclusion that the
court should state the relevant principle as follows: a document which was
produced or brought into existence either with the _dominant_ purpose of its
author, or of the person or authority under whose direction, whether
particular or general, it was produced or brought into existence, of using it
or its contents in order to obtain legal advice or to conduct or aid in the
conduct of litigation, at the time of its production in reasonable prospect,
should be privileged and excluded from inspection.” (Italics added.)

_Dominant_ purpose, then, in my judgment, should now be declared by this House
to be the touchstone. It is less stringent a test than “sole” purpose, for, as
Barwick C.J. added, 135 C.L.R. 674, 677:

“… the fact that the person … had in mind other uses of the document will not
preclude that document being accorded privilege, if it were produced with the
requisite dominant purpose.”

[emphasis in origin]

98 In _Skandinaviska_ , the Court of Appeal interpreted this key holding in
_Waugh_ as follows (at [75]):

In the leading House of Lords decision of _Waugh v British Railways Board_
[1980] AC 521 (“ _Waugh_ ”), the House held that if the _dominant_ purpose for
which legal advice had been sought and obtained was for anticipation or
contemplation of litigation, then the advice concerned would be protected by
litigation privilege. In arriving at this legal proposition, the House
endorsed and adopted the _minority_ view expressed by Barwick CJ in the
Australian High Court decision of _Grant v Downs_ (1976) 135 CLR 674.

99 It is clear that, semantics aside, the court will have to take an objective
view of the facts in deciding the dominant purpose for which a document was
created. Often, as pointed out in _Disclosure_ at p 305, it is the intention
of the employer of the creator that will be the relevant one. Each case must
be assessed on its facts.

(C) AN ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENT?

100 Although the Court of Appeal in _Skandinaviska_ referred to only two
requirements, a High Court decision has apparently introduced a _third_
requirement. As Prof Pinsler pointed out in “New Twists in Legal Professional
Privilege” (2002) 14 SAcLJ 195 (at p 200), in _The Patraikos No 2_ [2001] 4
SLR 308, which involved an application for the discovery of particular
documents, the High Court relied on the English High Court case of _Secretary
of State for Trade of Industry v Baker_ [1998] WLR 667 for the following
observation of Sir Richard Scott VC (at 675):

... documents brought into being by solicitors for the purposes of litigation
were afforded privilege because of the light they might cast on the client’s
instructions to the solicitor or the solicitor’s advice to the client
regarding the conduct of the case or on the client’s prospects.

There was no general privilege that attached to documents brought into
existence for the purposes of litigation independent of the need to keep
inviolate communications between client and legal adviser. If documents for
which privilege was sought did not relate in some fashion to communications
between client and legal adviser, there was no element of public interest that
could override the ordinary rights of discovery and no privilege.

101 Applying this principle to the facts, the High Court in _The Patraikos No
2_ ruled that litigation privilege did not extend to the documents in question
as they did not _reveal_ _the nature of the communications between lawyer and
client_. However, this additional requirement (as italicised) was never
applied by the Court of Appeal in _Brink’s Inc_ , which had been decided
_prior_ to _The Patraikos No 2_. Given that the latest Court of Appeal
decision in _Skandinaviska_ made no reference to this additional requirement,
it must be the case that it is not required and I therefore say no more about
it.

_Analysis_

(1) Items no (36) to (38) of Schedule A

(A) REASONABLE PROSPECT OF LITIGATION

102 Turning first to items no (36) to (38) of Schedule A, I think that there
was in fact a reasonable prospect of litigation. I say this bearing in mind
that the Court of Appeal in _Skandinaviska_ directed (at [73]) that there is
_no_ requirement that the chance of litigation must be higher than 50%.
Inasmuch as I have thought of this first requirement as a _factual_ (and
threshold) one, I do not think that it serves any legal purpose in attributing
to it a standard which is at once both too onerous and unrealistic. Its
purpose is simply to filter out _completely_ unmeritorious cases; the
“dominant purpose” test, as discussed, is the operative _legal_ test which
guides the court _substantively_ in deciding whether or not to find litigation
privilege.

103 In this respect, I accept that there was a reasonable prospect of
litigation at the time the report from the plaintiff’s forensic accountant
(along with other documents sought under items no (36) to (38)) was
commissioned in the notice to the subsidiary proprietors dated 18 October
2005. Most pertinently, this notice provided, _inter alia_ , as follows:

… [HEP] has advised the [plaintiff] to make a report with the Commercial
Affairs Department and to engage an independent auditor to investigate the
[plaintiff’s] accounts to determine whether any monies have been lost and if
so, who the culprits are. _Thereafter, [the plaintiff] should seek recovery of
any of its loss, including any legal and independent audit fees, and if
necessary would commence appropriate legal proceedings_. [emphasis added]

104 Including the above, the following facts are evident from the notice:

(a) The Council Members had engaged HEP on 6 October 2005 to advise the
plaintiff on this matter and to protect the interests of the plaintiff.

(b) HEP had advised the Council Members of the Management Council to engage an
independent auditor to investigate into the plaintiff’s accounts to determine
whether any monies had been lost and if so who the culprits were. Thereafter,
the plaintiff should seek recovery of any of its loss, including any legal and
independent audit fees, and if necessary, would commence appropriate legal
proceedings.

(c) Thereafter, the then Chairman of the Management Council, proceeded to file
a police report on behalf of the plaintiff on 13 October 2005, wherein it was
stated that the plaintiff suspected Wilson Loh to have “misappropriated S$3m
or more from the [plaintiff’s] bank accounts”. It also stated in this police
report that the plaintiff’s lawyers had engaged forensic accountants.

(d) Pursuant to the advice of HEP, the Council Members formally engaged the
present forensic accountants of the plaintiff, who commenced work on 18
October 2005. The forensic accountants were in fact engaged by HEP on 14
October 2005.

105 In my judgment, the words of the notice dated 18 October 2005 speak for
themselves. It stated that, _if necessary_ , legal proceedings should be
commenced. I think that there was really a reasonable prospect of litigation,
taking into further account the fact that the monies lost were, as the
plaintiff believed then, to be in the region of $3m. The large amount of
monies, coupled with the plaintiff’s belief that Wilson Loh had
“misappropriated” such monies, surely would have created a climate whereby the
_reasonable_ prospect of litigation was contemplated. Certainly, the
engagement of HEP to provide legal advice would add to such a climate.

106 Mr Teo for the defendants attempted to convince me that the facts of the
present case were unlike those in _Skandinaviska_ , and thereby there was no
reasonable prospect of litigation. He emphasised that, in that case, by the
time the forensic accountant was appointed two days after the discovery of the
fraud, the letters of demand had already started to come in, the first day
being after the appointment. There was thus clear evidence that before the
forensic accountant in that case even commenced work, litigation had become
_more_ than a reasonable prospect; indeed it was imminent. By the time the
solicitors and the forensic accountant had come together to work in that case,
the prospect of litigation had gone beyond a reasonable prospect and had
become a reality. The need to get the best legal advice to mount the best
defence in court would have been foremost in the context of that case.

107 To my mind, _Skandinaviska_ is easily distinguishable. The central holding
by the Court of Appeal on the requirement of a reasonable prospect of
litigation was that the facts showed that there was, in fact, not _merely_ a
reasonable prospect, but a most definite prospect. This means that the facts
in _Skandinaviska_ are of no assistance towards determining whether there is a
reasonable prospect of litigation, since they have been held to be indicative
of a higher standard.

108 Mr Teo additionally attempted to convince me that the terms of the notice
dated 18 October 2005, _viz_ , “[the plaintiff] should seek recovery”, was
couched in tentative terms. As such, it is not affirmative and does not
confirm that recovery proceedings will be undertaken. There was no affirmative
intimation of a claim to any specific person, hinting perhaps that the
defendants did not know that they would be sued until they were served the
writ of summons pursuant to the substantive action on 5 April 2007.

109 In my view, this objection can be shortly taken. First, the test is a
_reasonable_ prospect of litigation, not an affirmative or definite prospect.
Tentative language does not mean not reasonably prospective. Secondly, there
is no need for a specific defendant to have been reasonably contemplated. The
learned authors of _Disclosure_ state at para 11.38 that the “contemplated”
litigation need not be the _particular_ litigation in which the disclosure is
being sought, but may be of other litigation, involving different parties and
subject matter (see further _Bray_ at p 409, in turn citing, _inter alia_ ,
_Bullock & Co v Corry & Co_ (1878) 3 QBD 356).

110 As I have said, the requirement of a reasonable prospect of litigation is
merely a factual (and threshold) one. As such, it should be applied
reasonably, bearing in mind that the main governing test is the requirement of
“dominant purpose”. For the reasons above, therefore, I find that there was a
reasonable prospect of litigation as required; the remaining (and more
important) question is whether the “dominant purpose” test is met.

(B) “DOMINANT PURPOSE” TEST

111 Indeed, it is on the “dominant purpose” test that I find for the
defendants. I do not think that it could scarcely be said that items (36) to
(38) of Schedule A were brought into existence for the dominant purpose of
litigation. In this respect, I accept the defendants’ argument that the notice
dated 18 October 2005 showed that there were other (even more dominant)
purposes for the creation of these documents.

112 First, the appointment of the plaintiff’s forensic accountant was stated
in the same paragraph in the notice dated 18 October 2005 as the reference to
the report to the Commercial Affairs Department (see [103] above). The then
Chairman of the Managing Council had on the advice of her solicitors filed a
police report which stated that its solicitors had engaged forensic
accountants to draft a report of their findings to the police. A simple
reading of the notice as well as the statement in the police report shows that
the notice was meant to convey that the engagement of forensic accountants and
the notification to the police were related. This means that an important
reason of the appointment of the plaintiff’s forensic accountant was to assist
the police and to find out what exactly happened. It is also obvious from the
content of the notice that the plaintiff was seeking mainly to reassure the
subsidiary proprietors that many things were being done, which explains the
last paragraph of the notice, which reads:

As you will note although it has only been a week since the Council Members
were informed by DTZ of the uncontactable Building Manager and discrepancies
in the accounts, much have been done to protect the [plaintiff’s] interests in
this matter. The Council Members will continue to resolve this matter
diligently and shall keep you informed of further developments.

Therefore, even though litigation against as yet unknown parties was a
reasonable prospect (for the reasons stated earlier), it was certainly not the
dominant purpose for the creation of the documents concerned.

113 Secondly, and indeed, the first evidence of the potential civil claim
against the defendants was discussed was in the annual report of the 21st
Council Management Council. These minutes were presented to the Annual General
Meeting (“AGM”) only at the 22nd AGM which took place on 11 July 2006 and
subsequently discussed then. This was nine months and one week after the
discovery of Wilson Loh’s misappropriations on 4 October 2005 and the
appointment of the plaintiff’s forensic accountant a few days after. A perusal
of the minutes of the 22nd AGM on 11 July 2006 shows that the subsidiary
proprietors only agreed to commence proceedings that day, many months after
the appointment of the plaintiff’s forensic accountant. This was when
litigation had passed from being a reasonable prospect to an almost definite
prospect. As such, any document created before this time could not be said to
have come into existence for the _dominant_ purpose of litigation.

114 Thirdly, it is also clear that one of (more) important purposes of the
forensic accountant’s report by the plaintiff was to assist the statutory
auditors to properly reflect the true financial position of the plaintiff. In
the minutes of the 21st AGM held on 28 December 2005, a couple of months after
the discovery of Wilson Loh’s misappropriations, one of the subsidiary
proprietors asked whether any adjustments to the audited accounts to the
financial year ending 31 March 2005 had to be made. The plaintiff’s solicitors
replied that the forensic accountant was still investigating and that the
auditors had highlighted that further adjustments had to be made pending the
outcome of the investigation. Thus, the appointment of the plaintiff’s
forensic accountant was to ensure the subsidiary proprietors were assured that
the accounting records of the plaintiff would be put in order. This, to my
mind, was an even more important purpose than the reasonable prospect of
litigation. The plaintiff really wanted to find out what was happening after
Wilson Loh disappeared and its cheque dishonoured. In any event, it cannot be
said that the documents concerned were created for the dominant purpose of
litigation.

115 For the reasons above, I therefore find that there is no litigation
privilege attached to items no (36) to (38) of Schedule A. As I am otherwise
convinced that these documents are relevant and necessary for the issues in
the substantive action (which, in any case, have not been contested by the
plaintiff), I allow discovery and production of items no (36) to (38) of
Schedule A pursuant to the terms prayed for in the present application.

(2) Item no (39) of Schedule A

116 As for item no (39) of Schedule A, the plaintiff has made a bare assertion
as to litigation privilege and have provided no particulars of the same. In my
view, these documents, being communications between the plaintiff and the
relevant police or governmental authorities (including but not limited to the
Commercial Affairs Department), could not have been created for the dominant
purpose of litigation. I therefore also allow discovery and production of item
no (39) of Schedule A pursuant to the terms prayed for in the present
application.

Conclusion

117 In summary, the orders I make are as follows:

(a) I allow the discovery and production of the Group 1(i) documents pursuant
to the terms prayed for in the present application. For the avoidance of
doubt, the Group 1(i) documents refer to items no (1) to (35) of Schedule A
(as annexed to the present application) which originate within the Pre-2006
Period.

(b) I allow the discovery and production of the Group 1(ii) documents dated
between 1 January 2006 and 31 March 2006 (both dates inclusive) pursuant to
the terms prayed for in the present application. For the avoidance of doubt,
the Group 1(ii) documents refer to items no (1) to (35) of Schedule A (as
annexed to the present application) which originate within the Post-2006
Period.

(c) I disallow discovery and production of the Group 1(ii) documents dated
from 1 April 2006 to date (both dates inclusive) pursuant to the terms prayed
for in the present application. For the avoidance of doubt, the Group 1(ii)
documents refer to items no (1) to (35) of Schedule A (as annexed to the
present application) which originate within the Post-2006 Period.

(d) I allow discovery and production of the Group 2 documents. For the
avoidance of doubt, the Group 2 documents refer to items no (36) to (39) of
Schedule A (as annexed to the present application).

118 In closing, I should also record my gratitude to counsel not only for
their extensive assistance in the present application but also for
understanding the reason behind the inflexibility of my schedule and coming
back thrice in five workdays to complete arguments (_ie_ , 24 and 26 June
2008) and for the delivery of this judgment (_ie_ , 30 June 2008). While it
has been stated innumerably that counsel should bow not only to the court but
its schedule (and timelines), I think that such guidelines (and whatever
attendant benefits they generate) can only be implemented and enjoyed with the
cooperation of counsel, who too operate under their own schedule (and
timelines). This is perhaps why the court quite literally _returns_ counsel’s
physical bow as part of custom and tradition. And this is why it is to
_counsel’s_ accommodation, past and present, that I remain grateful for.

119 The parties are invited to address me on the issue of costs.

Appendix A

(1) All notices and minutes of any Extraordinary General meeting of the
Council in which any discussion of financial controls and responsibilities,
expenditure of MCST funds, or Wilson Loh or his employment were discussed from
the years 1990 to date, save for the Notice of the Extraordinary General
Meeting of the Council held on 22 March 2002;

(2) All monthly Balance Sheets and Profit and Loss Accounts of the Plaintiff
for the period:

i. financial years ending 31 March 1990 to 31 March 2001 (both years
inclusive) ; and

ii. financial years ending 31 March 2005 to 31 March 2008 (both years
inclusive).

(3) Any Internal Management Reports (including but not limited to Balance
Sheet and Profit and Loss Accounts, management accounts and budgets) from the
financial years ending 31 March 1990 to 31 March 2008 (both years inclusive)
which are different from that which was presented to the Council, its members
and/or to the subsidiary proprietors;

(4) All records of contracts between Tony Oei & Company (or any other Auditor
appointed by or on behalf of the Plaintiff) and the Plaintiff (or anyone
acting on behalf of the Plaintiff including Wilson Loh), for the financial
years ending 31 March 1992 to 31 March 2006 (both years inclusive);

(5) All records of contracts between Tony Oei & Company (or any other Auditor
appointed by or on behalf of the Plaintiff) and any other person/entity, which
was copied to the Plaintiff or its representative for the financial years
ending 31 March 1990 to 31 March 2006 (both years inclusive);

(6) All written communications and documentary evidence of oral communications
(including but not limited to correspondence, e-mails, faxes, letters, notes,
internal memoranda, reports and minutes of any meetings) between the Plaintiff
and Tony Oei & Company (or any other Auditor(s) appointed by or on behalf of
the Plaintiff for the period of the financial years ending 31 March 1990 to 31
March 2006, both years inclusive) for the period 1 August 2004 to date;

(7) All written communications and documentary evidence of oral communications
(including but not limited to correspondence, e-mails, faxes, letters, notes,
internal memoranda, reports and minutes of any meetings) between Tony Oei &
Company (or any other Auditor appointed by or on behalf of the Plaintiff for
the period of the financial years ending 31 March 1990 to 31 March 2006, both
years inclusive) and any other person which was copied to the Plaintiff for
the period 1 January 1990 to date;

(8) All audit working papers (including documents and papers created or
obtained) during all audits (both interim and final) carried out for the
periods:

i. financial year ending 31 March 1990 to 31 March 1997 (both years
inclusive); and

ii. financial year ending 31 March 2006 to 31 March 2008 (both years
inclusive);

(9) Monthly Trial Balances for the periods:

i. from January 1990 to March 2001 (both months inclusive);

ii. October 2003; and

iii. from July 2005 to date;

(10) Monthly Balance Sheets for the periods:

i. from January 1990 to March 2001 (both months inclusive); and

ii. July 2005 to date;

(11) Monthly Profit and Loss Accounts for the periods:

i. from January 1990 to March 2001 (both months inclusive); and

ii. July 2005 to date;

(12) Bank Reconciliation Statements for the periods:

i. from January 1990 to March 2001 (both months inclusive); and

ii. December 2005 to date;

(13) General Bank/Cash Ledgers for the period from the financial year ending
31 March 1990 to 31 March 2008;

(14) General Ledger listing for the periods:

i. from January 1990 to March 2001 (both months inclusive); and

ii. July 2005 to date;

(15) Petty Cash Payment Vouchers (including supporting documentation) File for
the periods:

i. financial years ending 31 March 1990 to 31 March 2000; and

ii. financial years ending 31 March 2007 to date;

(16) Bank Payment Vouchers (including supporting documentation) File for
financial year ending 31 March 1990 to date;

(17) Journal Vouchers (including supporting documentation) File for financial
year ending 31 March 1990 to date;

(18) “Detailed Funds Analysis Report” for the periods from:

i. January 1990 to March 2001 (both months inclusive); and

ii. July 2005 to date;

(19) Debtors Agreement for the financial year ending 31 March 1990 to date;

(20) Pricing List for the financial year ending 31 March 1990 to date;

(21) Sales Ledger transaction listing by Debtor for financial year ending 31
March 1990 to date;

(22) “Detailed Aged Trial Balance Report” for the periods:

i. from January 1990 to March 2001 (both months inclusive);

ii. May 2003; and

iii. July 2005 to date;

(23) Invoices File for financial year ending 31 March 1990 to date;

(24) Delivery Orders file for financial year ending 31 March 1990 to date;

(25) Credit Notes File for financial year ending 31 March 1990 to date;

(26) List of Creditors for financial year ending 31 March 1990 to date;

(27) Creditors Agreement for financial years ending 31 March 1990 to date;

(28) Purchase Ledger transaction listing by Creditors for financial year
ending 31 March 1990 to date;

(29) Accounts Payable Listing for financial year ending 31 March 1990 to date;

(30) Purchase Requisition and Purchase Order File for financial year ending 31
March 1990 to date;

(31) Suppliers’ invoices and delivery orders for the period:

i. 1990 to 2000 (both years inclusive); and

ii. 2007 to date;

(32) Creditors Ageing Report for financial year ending 31 March 1990 to date;

(33) Fixed Assets list (including invoices supporting the fixed assets) for
financial year ending 31 March 1990 to date;

(34) All fixed deposit statements issued from the periods:

i. January 1990 to December 199 1 (both months inclusive); and

ii. November 2005 to date;

(35) All correspondence between the Plaintiff and any bank or financial
institution for the periods:

i. from 1 January 1990 to December 1991 (both months inclusive); and

ii. December 2005 to date;

(36) The reports and draft reports of the forensic accountant(s) and/or any
forensic auditing consultant(s) (hereinafter referred to as “the said forensic
accountant(s)”) engaged by or on behalf of the Plaintiff in relation to the
matters which are the subject matter of this action;

(37) All documents provided to the said forensic accountant(s) by the
Plaintiff or any other party for the purpose of their investigation;

(38) All written communications and documentary evidence of oral
communications (including but not limited to correspondence, e-mails, faxes,
letters, notes, internal memoranda, reports and minutes of any meetings) among
the said forensic accountant(s) on the one hand and anyone or all of the
following parties:

i. the Plaintiffs Council, or its members;

ii. the subsidiary proprietors of the Plaintiff;

iii. the Plaintiffs solicitors; and/or

iv. any other person

in relation to the investigation of the said forensic accountant(s);

(39) All written communications and documentary evidence of oral
communications (including but not limited to correspondence, e-mails, faxes,
letters, notes, internal memoranda, reports and minutes of any meetings)
between the Plaintiff (and/or its agents including but not limited to the
Plaintiff’s solicitors) on the one hand and the relevant police or
governmental authorities (including but not limited to the Commercial Affairs
Department) in relation to the matters which are the subject matter of this
action.

________________

[note: 1]See Statement of Claim (Amendment No 1) at [20].

[note: 2]_Ibid_. at [30].

[note: 3]See also the defendants’ Written Submissions at [20].

[note: 4]See the defendants’ reply submissions at [6].

[note: 5]See the defendants’ Written Submissions at [20].

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 30 Jun 2008 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

