Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Lim Eng Teck v Life Glow Asia Pte Ltd  
[2008] SGHC 196

Case Number | : | CWU 57/2008  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 06 November 2008  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Choo Han Teck J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Foo Maw Shen and Ng Hui Min (Rodyk & Davidson LLP) for the plaintiff; Chua Beng Chye (KhattarWong) for the defendant; Cheah Kok Lim (Sng & Company) for the supporting creditor   
Parties | : |  Lim Eng Teck — Life Glow Asia Pte Ltd   
  
Companies  
  

6 November 2008 |   
---|---  
  
Choo Han Teck J:

1 This was an application by the plaintiff to wind up the defendant company on
account of its inability to pay its debts. The defendant was incorporated on
30 August 2001 and carried on the business of selling health care products. It
is a wholly owned subsidiary of Life Glow Corporation Pte Ltd (“LGC”). LGC had
a paid up capital of only $2 and was wholly owned by the plaintiff. LGC and
the defendant were part of a larger group of companies under Goldtron
Management Services Pte Ltd (“GMS”). The plaintiff became a director of the
defendant through the nomination of GMS.

2 The plaintiff applied to wind up the defendant on 27 May 2008 and when GMS
was notified of this move, it exercised its rights under a Convertible Loan
Agreement dated 26 September 2002 and thus became the majority shareholder in
LGC. A new director was appointed by GMS to replace the plaintiff who resigned
as a director of the defendant on 12 June 2008. Thereafter, the defendant
commenced Suit 637 of 2008 against the plaintiff for damages for breach of
fiduciary duties and other wrongs.

3 When the application was heard, Mr Foo Maw Shen, counsel for the plaintiff,
informed the court that the plaintiff would not be proceeding with the
application given the change of circumstances, and in particular the
commencement of Suit 637 of 2008. In that suit, Mr Cheah Kok Lim’s client, a
supporting creditor was also involved. Mr Cheah disputed the defendant’s
claims and he informed the court that the supporting creditor had also issued
a statutory demand.

4 Mr Foo submitted that at the time of the winding up application, the
defendant was insolvent and it had to have funds put in subsequently. Hence,
Mr Foo argued, the plaintiff was at risk of being a director of a company that
continued trading when insolvent. He argued that the winding up action was
justified at the time. He asked for leave to withdraw with no order as to
costs. Mr Chua Beng Chye, counsel for the defendant, was insistent on costs
and an order that the winding up application be dismissed. Mr Chua had written
to Mr Foo stating that he was prepared to argue the matter and proceeded to
file his submission although Mr Foo had notified him that he (Mr Foo) would
not be proceeding.

5 On the submissions before me, it seemed obvious that this application should
either be withdrawn or dismissed. In either case, the remaining issue was the
question of costs. That seemed to be what Mr Chua was after and what Mr Foo
sought to avoid. I was of the view that the matter would be more equitably
dealt with after the real dispute is resolved, and that would be the trial in
Suit 637 of 2008. Since costs is discretionary and the conduct of the parties
might be a factor to be considered, I therefore ordered this winding up
application to be heard immediately after Suit 637 of 2008 by the trial judge,
but with liberty to restore should Suit 637 of 2008 not proceed for any
reason. I was of the view that this would be more expedient and fair than to
have the application dismissed forthwith as Mr Chua wanted, or dismissed with
only the question of costs reserved to the trial judge, since it might be
material whether the application should have been dismissed or be allowed to
be withdrawn.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 06 Nov 2008 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

