Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Wing Joo Loong Ginseng Hong (Singapore) Co Pte Ltd v Qinghai Xinyuan
Foreign Trade Co Ltd and Another  
[2008] SGHC 51

Case Number | : | OS 2038/2006  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 09 April 2008  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Kan Ting Chiu J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Tan Tee Jim SC, Christopher de Souza and Alma Yong (Lee & Lee) for the plaintiff; M Ravindran and Vicki Heng (Ravindran Associates) for the first defendant; Lau Kok Keng, Charissa Soh and Wendy Lin (Rajah & Tann) for the second defendant   
Parties | : |  Wing Joo Loong Ginseng Hong (Singapore) Co Pte Ltd — Qinghai Xinyuan Foreign Trade Co Ltd; YCT Import & Export Pte Ltd   
  
Copyright – Whether proprietor having copyright – Onus of proof on proprietor
– Failure of proprietor to prove claim – Third party never claiming to be
owner of copyright – Alleged infringer's declaration granted in part  
  
Trade Marks and Trade Names – Revocation – Whether mark becoming common name
in trade for which it was registered due to acts or inactivity of proprietor –
Whether there was non-use or suspension of use of mark for period of five
years – Invalidity – Whether mark was customary to cordyceps – Whether mark
was capable of distinguishing – Whether application for registration made in
bad faith – Whether proprietor obtaining registration of mark through fraud
and/or misrepresentation – Whether court having discretion not to revoke or
invalidate mark if grounds under ss 22(1) or 23(1) Trade Marks Act (Cap 332,
2005 Rev Ed) have been made out – Relevant circumstances to be taken into
consideration in exercise of power to revoke or invalidate – Whether
registration should be invalidated  
  

9 April 2008 |  Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Kan Ting Chiu J:

The trade mark

1 The plaintiff’s principal application in these proceedings is to have a
trade mark removed from the trade mark register. The mark, which is depicted
below

[LawNet Admin Note: Click on the link to the PDF above to see the image]

is described as “rooster flower”, and consists of a picture of a rooster
within a stylised flower border, the words “Rooster Brand” in English, and the
Chinese words ?? meaning rooster. The registration extended over “traditional
Chinese herbs, namely, cordy ceps, boxthorn fruit”.

2 The trade mark was registered in Singapore with effect from 6 September 1995
by a certificate issued on 27 August 2001. The first registered owner of the
trade mark was Qinghai Medicines & Health Products Import & Export Corp of
Qinghai, China (“Qinghai Meheco”). Ownership of the mark was assigned to the
first defendant, Qinghai Xinyuan Foreign Trade Co, another Chinese
corporation, on 30 May 2003, and the assignment is recorded in the register.

3 In these proceedings, the parties refer to the trade mark as a Rooster trade
mark (without the flower border) and to cordyceps (spelt as one word), without
boxthorn fruit, and I shall do likewise.

4 There is also an application for a declaration that the copyright in the
Rooster mark and related labels bearing the mark do not belong to the
defendants.

Background

5 The Rooster trade mark has been used for cordyceps in China since the 1950s,
before there was a system for the registration of trade marks. When trade mark
registration began in China in 1983, China Cereals Qinghai Branch had the
rooster mark registered in its favour for cordyceps in 1985. In 1989, the
rights to the mark were assigned to Qinghai Meheco, and the assignment was
approved and recorded in the Trade Marks Office of the People’s Republic of
China in 1995. In 1995, Qinghai Meheco applied to register the Rooster trade
mark in the Registry of Trade Marks, Singapore, and the certificate was issued
in 2001, backdated to take effect from 1995.

6 The trade mark went through two assignments. The trade mark was assigned to
the first defendant and another entity, Qinghai Yixin Medical Co (“Qinghai
Yixin”). Subsequently, Qinghai Yixin assigned its rights to the trade mark to
the first defendant, with the result that the first defendant became the sole
owner of the trade mark.

7 The first defendant applied to the Registry of Trade Marks, Singapore to
transfer the Singapore trade mark to its name, and the transfer was recorded
in 2006, backdated to 2003. In 2005, the first defendant granted an exclusive
licence to Yu Ceng Trading Pte Ltd (“Yu Ceng”) to use the Singapore trade
mark. In 2005, Yu Ceng applied for and obtained search warrants pursuant to
which the plaintiff’s premises were raided, and quantities of cordyceps with
alleged counterfeit Rooster trade marks were seized. In 2006, Yu Ceng’s
licence was novated in favour of the second defendant, YCT Import & Export Pte
Ltd.

The present proceedings

8 In the present proceedings, the plaintiff seeks remedies under two distinct
areas of law, namely trade mark law and copyright law, for:

1\. an Order that Trade Mark Registration No. T9508502Z in respect of the mark
attached herewith be revoked pursuant to section 22(1) of the Trade Marks Act
(Cap. 332) (“the Act”) as from 15 November 2005 or such other date as this
Honourable Court may deem fit;

2\. further or alternatively, an Order that Trade Mark Registration No.
T9508502Z in respect of the mark attached herewith be declared invalid
pursuant to section 23(1), (3)(b) and/or (4) of the Act;

3\. a Declaration that any copyright in [the Rooster] labels attached herewith
or in any literary or artistic work in each of the said labels does not
subsist in favour of the Defendants or any of them and that the Plaintiff has
not infringed the copyright (if any);

9 The Trade Marks Act (Cap 332, 2005 Rev Ed) will be referred to hereinafter
as “the Act”, and all sections mentioned hereinafter are sections of the Act
unless otherwise stated.

10 The plaintiff has also filed proceedings to set aside the search warrants.
These applications have not been heard as they may be affected by the outcome
of the present proceedings.

Prayers 1 and 2 – Trade Mark

**_The application for revocation_**

11 In its opening statement, the plaintiff submitted that:

6\. Section 22(1)(c) of the Act provides that

The registration of a trade mark may be revoked on any of the following
grounds:

…

(c) that, in consequence of the acts or inactivity of the proprietor, it has
become the _common name_ in the trade for the product or service for which it
is registered.

7\. This gives rise to two issues in the present context:

(1) Has the Rooster mark become, by 1 November 2006 (the date of this
application), the _common name_ in the trade for cordyceps for which it is
registered?

(2) If so, was this due to acts or inactivity of the Defendants?

[emphasis added]

12 The plaintiff asserted that the Rooster trade mark has been used in
relation to cordyceps from China from the 1950s at the latest.[note: 1]
Originally, there was only one supplier of cordyceps, a state-owned company
named China National Native Produce and Animal By-Products Import & Export
Corporation (“China Tuhsu”). In the 1950s, China Tuhsu set up various
provincial companies, and one of these companies, Guangdong Tuhsu, was
authorised to export cordyceps. In the 1980s, other provincial companies
including Sichuan Tuhsu and Qinghai Tuhsu were also allowed to export
cordyceps, as were other state-owned companies such as the Foreign Trade
Import & Export Corporation of Tibet Autonomous Region, China National
Cereals, Oils and Foodstuffs Corp (“Cofco”) and China Medicines and Health
Products Import & Export Corporation (“China Meheco”). China Meheco’s
provincial companies, Sichuan Meheco, Chongqing Meheco, Qinghai Meheco and
Guangdong Meheco, also enjoyed the same right. All these companies used the
Rooster trade mark for their cordyceps and they competed amongst
themselves.[note: 2] Cordyceps was also sold under other brands, but the
Rooster brand was the best-established and the dominant brand in the market.

13 The plaintiff elaborated that:

12\. All the companies used the Rooster mark and the Rooster labels for their
cordyceps. This being the case, they competed with one another in other
respects, such as price, quality of service and relationship. Each of the
companies would claim that its cordyceps were of better quality than those
from another company or another province, although in fact the quality would
vary, depending on the year and quality of harvest. To distinguish the
cordyceps of one company from those of others, the labels would indicate the
particular provincial company which supplied the cordyceps concerned.[note: 3]

and added that it bought cordyceps from these companies.[note: 4]

14 The plaintiff went on to assert that:

26\. [T]he Rooster mark and Rooster labels have been openly used in Singapore
since at least the 1950s in relation to cordyceps from the various Chinese
provincial companies. Both Qinghai Meheco and the 1st Defendant … were at all
material times well aware of the use. …

27\. [T]he Rooster mark was, and still is, commonly associated by cordyceps
traders and customers in Singapore as denoting cordyceps from China. In
particular, they do not associate the Rooster mark with any particular trader
or source. They do not consider it to be a mark which distinguishes the
cordyceps of one trader from those of another. Whenever they see the Rooster
mark, mention it (verbally or otherwise) or hear it, they would intuitively
have in mind cordyceps imported from China.

and reiterated in its closing submissions that:

After 6 September 1995 (date of the trade mark application in Singapore), the
mark _continued_ to cease fulfilling its function as a trade mark and
_continued_ to be the common name for cordyceps emanating from China.[note: 5]
[Emphasis added]

15 Section 22(1)(c) must be applied with particular attention to the cause and
time when the trade mark becomes a common name in the trade. The cause must be
the action or inaction of the proprietor. The term “the proprietor” should not
be read as limited to the proprietor at the time of the application to revoke;
it should be construed to apply to the chain of proprietors of a trade mark
after it is registered. However, for s 22(1)(c) to apply, the trade mark must
have become the common name in the trade after it has been registered. Where
the trade mark is, as alleged, already the common name in the trade _before_
its registration, that cannot be the consequence of the action or inaction of
the proprietor.

16 The first defendant became the proprietor of the trade mark in 2003. On the
plaintiff’s case, the Rooster trade mark was the common name in the trade for
cordyceps as early as the 1950s, and certainly by the 1980s, and it could not
possibly have become the common name as a consequence of acts or inactivity of
the first defendant or its predecessors in title.

Section 22(1)(a) and (b)

17 The plaintiff also referred to s 22(1)(a) and (b) of the Act which provide
that a trade mark may be revoked on the grounds:

(a) that, within the period of 5 years following the date of completion of the
registration procedure, it has not been put to genuine use in the course of
trade in Singapore, by the proprietor or with his consent, in relation to the
goods or services for which it is registered, and there are no proper reasons
for non-use;

(b) that such use has been suspended for an uninterrupted period of 5 years,
and there are no proper reasons for non-use;

18 The plaintiff argued that the trade mark “must be used as a _trade mark_
(that is, to indicate the origin or source of the goods or services in
question)”[note: 6] and that

there was no such use in respect of the Rooster mark for the period of 5 years
since the date of completion of the registration procedure (27 August 2001).
Its evidence is that the mark has been used in Singapore since the 1950s in
relation to cordyceps imported from China and has been perceived as such and
that the use was not (and was not perceived to be used) to distinguish the
cordyceps of one company or undertaking from another. Each of the Chinese
provincial companies puts its own name as well as the name of its on the
labels to distinguish its cordyceps from another company’s. Such use continued
during the said 5-year period.[note: 7]

and

the Plaintiff’s evidence is that the mark has been used in Singapore at all
material times to denote cordyceps imported from China, not as a badge of
origin to indicate or distinguish the cordyceps of one particular company or
undertaking from another.[note: 8]

19 I do not understand the plaintiff to mean that the Rooster mark was not
used on the first defendant’s cordyceps as a trade mark. Such an assertion
would imply that the first defendant had gone through the long process to have
the Rooster mark registered without intending to use it as a trade mark. The
plaintiff’s contention was that even after it was registered, the Rooster mark
did not actually function as a trade mark as it was the common name in the
trade. That cannot constitute non-use or suspension of use, and relates to the
_effect_ of the use of the mark, which should be considered under the
application to invalidate the registration.

The application for invalidation

20 The plaintiff’s case is presented under four heads:

(i) The Rooster mark was customary to cordyceps;

(ii) The Rooster mark is not capable of distinguishing Qinghai Meheco’s
cordyceps from the cordyceps of other suppliers;

(iii) The application for registration was made in bad faith;

(iv) The first defendant obtained the registration of the Rooster mark in its
name in 2005 and 2006 through fraud and/or misrepresentation to the Registrar
of Trade Marks.

**_(i) The Rooster mark was customary to cordyceps_**

21 At the date of the application for registration, it was customary to use
the Rooster mark to denote cordyceps from China. Consequently, the Rooster
mark cannot be registered under s 7(1)(d) because:

trade marks which consist exclusively of signs or indications which have
become customary in the current language or in the bona fide and established
practices of the trade

shall not be registered and the registration of the Rooster mark may be
declared invalid under s 23(1), which provides that:

The registration of a trade mark may be declared invalid on the ground that
the trade mark was registered in breach of section 7.

**_(ii) The Rooster mark is not capable of distinguishing Qinghai Meheco’s
cordyceps from the cordyceps of other suppliers_**

22 As a result of the extensive use of the Rooster mark since the 1950s, the
mark was not capable of distinguishing the cordyceps of one supplier from the
cordyceps of another supplier and cannot be a trade mark as defined in s 2(1):

"trade mark" means any sign capable of being represented graphically and which
is capable of distinguishing goods or services dealt with or provided in the
course of trade by a person from goods or services so dealt with or provided
by any other person;

For this reason, the registration of the mark may also be invalidated under s
23(1) read with s 7(1)(a) because:

signs which do not satisfy the definition of a trade mark in section 2 (1)

shall not be registered.

**_(iii) The application for registration was made in bad faith_**

23 Qinghai Meheco’s application for the registration of the Rooster mark in
September 1995 was made in bad faith because Qinghai Meheco did not have the
exclusive right to use the mark. The situation falls under s 7(6), which
provides:

A trade mark shall not be registered if or to the extent that the application
is made in bad faith.

and the registration may be invalidated under s 23(1).

**_(iv) The first defendant obtained the registration of the Rooster mark in
its name in 2005 and 2006 through fraud and/or misrepresentation to the
Registrar of Trade Marks_**

24 Fraud and misrepresentation may invalidate the registration of a trade mark
under s 23(4), which states:

The registration of a trade mark may be declared invalid on the ground of
fraud in the registration or that the registration was obtained by
misrepresentation.

The alleged fraud or misrepresentation relates to the first defendant’s
application in 2005 to be registered as co-proprietor of the mark with Qinghai
Yixin in 2005, and its application in 2006 as the assignee of Qinghai Yixin’s
interests in the mark, to be the sole proprietor of the mark.

25 The plaintiff submitted:

In the present case, there were indeed untrue statements made by the 1st
Defendant to [the Registrar of Trade Marks]. Specifically, it misrepresented
and failed to disclose material facts and documents to [the Registrar of Trade
Marks] on 2 occasions:

(1) when the 1st Defendant and Qinghai Yixin applied to be registered as the
proprietors in August 2005; and

(2) when it applied to be registered as the only proprietor in March 2006.

In particular, it materially misrepresented and/or failed to disclose material
facts and documents to [the Registrar of Trade Marks] relating to its
proprietorship of the mark (or, rather, the lack thereof).[note: 9]

26 The thrust and focus of the complaint is that registrations of the two
_assignments_ were tainted with fraud and misrepresentation. However, the
plaintiff’s applications in these proceedings, as set out in [8] hereof are to
have the registration of the trade mark revoked and invalidated. This
complaint is therefore outside the scope of the proceedings.

Whether the Rooster mark is customary

27 What does the concept of “custom” embrace for the purpose of s 7(1)(d)?
While there are no binding authorities, there is a good persuasive authority.
In _Hormel Foods Corporation v Antilles Landscape Investments NV_ [2005] RPC
28, the UK Court of Appeal, in construing s 3(1)(d) of the 1994 UK Trade Marks
Act (“the UK Act”), which is equivalent to our s 7(1)(d), held at [155] that
the essence of the objection in the provision is that the sign is generic
either amongst the general public or amongst the trade.

28 _Kerly’s Law of Trade Marks_ (Smith & Maxwell, 14th Ed, 2005) in discussing
s 3(1)(d) of the UK Act and Article 3(1)(d) of the TM Directive (the
equivalents to our s 7(1)(d)) states:

These provisions are directed at preventing registration of those signs or
indications which honest traders customarily use in trade – signs which are
generic.[note: 10]

…

The essence of the objection is that the sign is generic, with the primary
focus usually being on the perception of the mark amongst consumers, although
the perception in the trade may be important in certain circumstances. Each
case will turn on is own facts and evidence. The challenge with these grounds
is to compile a sufficiently convincing body of evidence.[note: 11]

…

Expressing the underlying public interest in these terms serves to emphasise
that these provisions set a high hurdle. Not only must the mark consist
exclusively of generic matter, but the fact of genericism must be established.
Bearing in mind the primary role of 3(1)(d) / 7(1)(d) are to prevent traders
seeking to monopolise terms which are already generic, the fact of genericism
can usually be demonstrated.[note: 12]

29 Another standard work on trade marks, _Cornish and Llewelyn, Intellectual
Property: Patents, Copyright, Trade Marks and Allied Rights_ (Cornish &
Llewelyn, Sweet & Maxwell, 6th Ed, 2007) in its discussion on the issue
explains (at p 733) that a mark is generic when it is used as a description of
the product itself, citing as examples, thermos, hoover, vaseline, tabloid,
walkman and formica.

30 The plaintiff asserts that a mark does not have to be generic to be
excluded from registration, and that a mark will be excluded if it lacks the
capability to distinguish the goods or services of one undertaking from
another. This argument involves two requirements which apply to different
aspects of trade mark registration. Firstly, the capability to distinguish is
a pre-requisite of a trade mark, as defined in s 2(1). If a mark does not have
the capability, it is not a trade mark. For that reason alone, it cannot be
registered. Secondly, a trade mark (i.e. a mark with the capability to
distinguish) may be excluded from registration under s 7(1)(d) when it has
_become customary_ in the sense that it has become generic.

31 The lack of capability to distinguish and the fact of becoming customary
are distinct matters. For a party to say that a trade mark falls foul of s
7(1)(d), it must show that the trade mark (a mark with the capability to
distinguish) has become customary or generic. When party asserts that a mark
does not have the capability to distinguish, it is only saying that the mark
is not a trade mark, and cannot be registered, and it is not saying that the
mark is excluded from registration under s 7(1)(d) for being customary or
generic.

32 Has the Rooster trade mark become customary or generic? This was brought up
during the examination of Tan Hee Nam (“THN”), managing director and a
principal witness of the plaintiff in the proceedings:

Q: [I]f I were to go to Chinatown after this case and I go into any of those
many suppliers and I say, “I want Rooster” would they know what I want? …

A: If you were to go into those medical halls selling Chinese medical herbs
and you said that you wanted to buy Rooster mark cordyceps then they would
know that you wanted to buy that.

Q: If somebody goes to a medical hall and says, “I want Rooster”, would the
operators of the hall be able to identify what is it that I want? …

A: They will connect it with Rooster Brand and if – the word “xiong ji chong
cao” [Rooster cordycep in Chinese] is mentioned, so it must be cordyceps -…

…

Q: [S]o if they went to a shop and said they wanted Rooster brand, you are
saying that people would not know what I wanted, correct?

A: Yes, as long as they did mention that it was a Rooster mark cordyceps then
we would know what they want.

Q: [D]on’t use the word “cordyceps” just say “Rooster”?

A: If only the word “Rooster” is mentioned then I’m afraid they won’t
know.[note: 13]

33 The answers gave an accurate reflection of the situation. “Rooster brand
cordyceps”, “Rooster mark cordyceps”, or just “Rooster cordyceps” are
understood to refer to Chinese cordyceps, whether supplied by the first
defendant or by other Chinese sources. But “Rooster” by itself, without
reference to cordyceps, does not have that effect, and the Rooster mark or
brand is not synonymous to cordyceps in the way “thermos” is synonymous to
vacuum flasks. That being the case, the Rooster mark does not fall under the
prohibition under s 7(1)(d) against trade marks which have become customary.

Whether the Rooster mark distinguishes Qinghai Meheco’s cordyceps

34 The defendants argued that the issue does not arise. It submitted that s
7(1)(a) was not pleaded.[note: 14] This was difficult to understand because in
prayer 2, the plaintiff seeks to invalidate the trade mark under s 23(1),
which enables a mark registered in breach of s 7 to be invalidated, which must
include s 7(1)(a).

35 The defendants acknowledged that ss 22(1)(c), 22(1)(a) and (b), 23(4) and
7(1)(d) were pleaded because they were referred to in the plaintiff’s closing
submissions,[note: 15] leaving the implication that s 7(1)(a) was not referred
to in those submissions. The defendants inexplicably overlooked the specific
mention of s 7(1)(a) in the submissions.[note: 16] If specific reference in
the closing submissions constitute pleading, then s 7(1)(a) was clearly
pleaded. But the answer is simply that when prayer 2 referred to s 23(1),
which in turn refers to s 7, the whole of s 7 is brought within the
plaintiff’s case.

36 It should be pointed out that the Act was not in force when the Rooster
mark was registered. The application was made on 6 September 1995, and under
the transitional provisions in the Third Schedule of the Act, all applications
made before 15 January 1999 were to be dealt with under the previous act, the
Trade Marks Act (Cap 332, 1992 Ed). Under the previous Act, trade mark was
defined without reference to the capability to distinguish. Nevertheless, the
Rooster mark’s capability to distinguish (or the lack of it) is relevant
because para 17(2) of the Third Schedule of the Act provides that for the
purposes of proceedings under s 23, the provisions of the Act are deemed to
have been in force at all material times. By this deeming process, the current
definition of trade mark applies to the Rooster mark for the application to
invalidate under s 23.

37 A mark’s capability to distinguish the goods of one person from the goods
of other persons can be understood and ascertained in two ways. One way is to
focus on the inherent nature of the mark. A mark consisting of the word
“cordyceps”, or a mark of a picture of a cordycep will not have the capability
to distinguish one trader’s cordyceps from those of other traders. The Rooster
mark, looked at on its own in this way, is capable of distinguishing one
trader’s cordyceps from others.

38 The second way of assessing the capability to distinguish is to look at the
mark and the surrounding circumstances at the time of the application to
register, and decide whether the mark can identify the goods of the
application from the goods of the applicant from the goods of other suppliers
in the circumstances. Employing this method, if the Rooster mark is used by
Qinghai Meheco as well as other provincial suppliers, it is not capable of
distinguishing Qinghai Meheco’s cordyceps from the other suppliers’ cordyceps.

39 Thus, the basis for ascertainment of the capability to distinguish is
critical. There are two decisions of the UK Court of Appeal dealing with the
question of capability to distinguish under s 3(1)(a) of the UK Act which is
similar to our s 7(1)(a). In _Philips Electronics NV v Remington Consumer
Products Ltd_ [1999] RPC 809 (“ _Philips_ ”), Philips produced three-headed
rotary shavers and registered a trade mark consisting of a picture of the head
of a three-headed rotary shaver. When Remington introduced a three-headed
rotary shaver under its own Remington mark, Philips sued Remington for trade
mark infringement and Remington counterclaimed for Philips’ mark to be
revoked. One issue in the proceedings was the application of s 3(1)(a) of the
UK Act. Aldous LJ who delivered the judgment of the Court held (at p 817)
that:

the capability of distinguishing depends upon the features of the trade mark
itself, not on the result of its use.

and his Lordship went on to say (at p 818) that:

The trade mark shows the head of a particular three headed rotary shaver and
it would be recognised by the trade and public as such, albeit as one made by
Philips. Even though there are a number of other designs of three headed
rotary shavers that could be produced, the shape shown in the trade mark is a
shape which, absent patent, registered design, copyright or unfair trading
protection, another trader is entitled to make. It is not capable of
distinguishing Philips’ shavers of that shape from those of other traders who
produce shavers with a similar shaped head.

40 To bring this to the context of the question under consideration, the
approach taken was that because other manufacturers are entitled to produce
shavers of similar shape to the shaver shown in Philips’ mark, the mark has no
capability of distinguishing Philips’ shavers from shavers other companies
_may_ produce (but have yet to produce). The mark was found to be incapable of
distinguishing solely by reference to its own features which were found not to
distinguish Philips’ shavers from shavers other companies may produce.

41 The UK Court of Appeal considered the question of capability to distinguish
again in _Bach and Bach Flower Remedies Trade Marks_ [2000] RPC 513 (“ _Bach_
”). In this case, the marks in contention were several Bach and Bach Flower
Remedies marks in respect of herbal preparations. These remedies were the
results of research and study undertaken by Dr Edward Bach who created 38
herbal remedies between 1928 and 1935. Over time, these remedies gained
recognition, and became referred to generically as “Bach Flower Remedies”.
After Dr Bach’s death, eight trade marks were registered between 1979 and
1991, which registrations were brought under the UK Act when it came into
force. A company, the Bach Flowers Remedies Ltd was the proprietor of the
marks. In 1997 another company, Healing Herbs Ltd which had been producing the
38 remedies, applied to invalidate the eight Bach marks on the ground that
they were in breach of s 3(1)(a) of the UK Act.

42 The proprietor argued that the word “Bach” was capable of distinguishing
their products. The applicants, on the other hand, argued that the use of the
word “Bach” in the period prior to the registration should be considered,
relying on the construction used by Aldous LJ in _Philips._ Morritt LJ, who
delivered the judgment, found in favour of the applicant. He held at [34]:

I accept the submission that the meaning of a word may depend on its usage. It
is not uncommon for a proper name, by use, to acquire an adjectival meaning
which is descriptive of the article to which it is applied. Examples given in
the course of argument demonstrative [sic] the point. Thus the terms “a Bunsen
burner” and “a Wellington boot” are wholly descriptive and cannot, without
more, distinguish such burners or boots of one undertaking from those of
another. In accordance with that use the expression has become the common name
in the trade for the product in question. _cf._ section 46(1)(c). The question
is whether or not the word “BACH” had, by 1979, acquired such a meaning so as
to be incapable, without more, of affording the requisite distinction. If it
had then section 1(1) is not satisfied, … Accordingly I accept the submission
that it is both permissible and necessary in considering the application of
paragraph (a) to determine the meaning of the word as used at the time of the
application for registration.

and concluded that the use of the mark was relevant in assessing its
capability to distinguish.

43 It is clear that the second method of determination was preferred and
employed. The word ‘Bach’ was found to lack the capability to distinguish not
because ‘Bach’ by itself could not distinguish the applicants’ products, but
because the word had come to apply to Dr Bach’s remedies generically, without
regard to the producer of the products.

44 The issues in _Bach_ are the same issues in the present case. ‘Bach’,
looked at by itself, was capable of distinguishing a producers’ goods, as the
Rooster mark was. With time, however, “Bach” became associated with the
remedies created by Dr Bach. The Rooster mark by itself had the capability to
distinguish, but it had become associated with cordyceps from all Chinese
sources.

45 I accept the approach taken in _Bach_ to be the appropriate approach. The
capability to distinguish is a real and valuable attribute of a mark. In order
to ascertain whether this attribute exists at the time of application to
register the mark, it is necessary to look at the mark itself _and_ the
surrounding circumstances. If the mark is inherently incapable of
distinguishing a product from other products, it will not be registered. Where
the mark is not inherently incapable to distinguish, it is still necessary to
consider whether the mark has retained the capability, or whether it is lost
because the mark is used by multiple parties (as in _Bach_) or has became
generic, as in the case of the Wellington boot.

46 THN deposed in his affidavit that cordyceps of the Rooster brand were
exported by Qinghai Meheco, Sichuan Meheco, Chongqing Meheco, Chengdu Meheco
and Guangdong Meheco. He exhibited a newspaper article dated 9 February 1995
in which an expert in ginseng and herbs was reported to say that these
companies supplied cordyceps under the Rooster brand. THN added that in the
1990s, when the cordyceps market in Singapore was getting increasingly
competitive, the plaintiff and a few other companies in Singapore had
themselves designated as authorised distributors of the Chinese suppliers. The
appointments were advertised in the newspapers, and he exhibited a notice of
appointment by Sichuan Meheco of four authorised distributors of its Rooster
brand Sichuan cordyceps with effect from 17 September 1994, and a notice of
appointment by Qinghai Meheco of the plaintiff and two other companies as
authorised distributors for its Rooster brand cordyceps with effect from 30
August 1994. However, the good relationship did not endure, and Yu Ceng was
appointed the first defendant’s exclusive licensee in 2005. The effect of the
evidence was to prove that besides Qinghai Meheco, other provincial suppliers
were using the Rooster brand for the cordyceps, and Rooster brand cordyceps
from these suppliers were sold in Singapore, at the latest as at 1994.

47 The defendant’s response to this part of the plaintiff’s case is narrow. It
offered no rebuttal to the plaintiff’s assertion that other provincial
companies besides Qinghai Meheco were using the Rooster mark for their
cordyceps. Its reply was that “(a)ny use by the other suppliers (which is not
admitted, in any event) can only be infringing use.”[note: 17]

48 The response is inadequate on two grounds. Firstly, the bare denial of the
use of the Rooster mark by the other suppliers was ineffectual in the face of
the evidence adduced by the plaintiff. Secondly, though the use of the Rooster
mark in China by the other suppliers may be infringing use, that cannot be
said of the use of the mark in Singapore before it was registered.

49 The plaintiff did not address the question whether the Rooster mark can
distinguish Qinghai Meheco’s cordyceps from the cordyceps of the other
provincial suppliers sold under the same mark. There is unrebutted evidence
that at the time of the application for registration in Singapore in 1995, the
Rooster mark was used in Singapore on cordyceps of other suppliers besides
Qinghai Meheco, and therefore, that the Rooster mark was not a trade mark as
it did not distinguish Qinghai Meheco’s cordyceps from that of the other
suppliers which use the same mark.

50 Thus, the registration may be invalidated under s 23(1) of the Act, and I
will consider whether there is a discretion under that provision, and if there
is, how it should be exercised: see [61] et seq below.

51 I had directed parties to submit on whether the Rooster mark could have
been registered despite being used by the various suppliers on the basis of
honest concurrent use because s 25 of the Trade Marks Act (Cap 206, 1976 Rev
Ed) (the “old act”) which was then in force allowed for registration of a mark
by more than one proprietor where there is honest concurrent use. On further
reflection, I conclude that while this is a point of interest, it does not
have a real bearing on the current proceedings because honest concurrent use
was not considered when the mark was registered.

Whether the application for registration was made in bad faith

52 The plaintiff’s case was that Qinghai Meheco’s application to register the
trade mark was made in bad faith because it did not have the exclusive right
to the Rooster mark. The evidence was that since the 1980s, besides Qinghai
Meheco, other suppliers including Sichuan Meheco, Chongqin Meheco and
Guangdong Meheco were also supplying cordyceps under the Rooster mark to
Singapore.

53 The application for registration should be considered from Qinghai Meheco’s
perspective. With the registration of the trade mark in China in 1985 in
favour of China Cereals Qinghai Branch (Qinghai Meheco’s predecessor in title
to the mark), the other provincial suppliers had no right to the mark. When
Qinghai Meheco applied to register the mark in Singapore in 1995 on that basis
and against that background, the application was open to opposition by those
provincial suppliers and other parties. It may be that if a proper opposition
was put up, the application might not have been approved, but that cannot mean
that the application was made in bad faith in the first place.

Whether the first defendant’s application to register the assignments of the
mark was through fraud or misrepresentation

54 As I have noted earlier, questions relating to the assignments fall outside
of the plaintiff’s application. This issue is therefore not to be determined
here, but I will state my views on it.

55 The plaintiff’s case arises from the devolvement of Qinghai Meheco’s rights
on the Rooster mark when the company was wound up to the first defendant and
Qinghai Yixin, and then from Qinghai Yixin to the first defendant.

56 The plaintiff’s complaints are that:

(i) the first defendant and Qinghai Yixin had informed the Registrar of Trade
Marks of an assignment of the trade mark from Qinghai Meheco on 10 February
1999, before the first defendant was incorporated;

(ii) the first defendant and Qinghai Yixin did not inform the Registrar of
Trade Marks that the 10 February 1999 assignment was superceded by another
assignment of 14 August 2000, after the first defendant was incorporated; and

(iii) the first defendant and Qinghai Yixin misrepresented to the Registrar of
Trade Marks that under a Joint Acquisition Agreement dated 30 March 2001
(“JAA”) between Qinghai Meheco, and the first defendant and Qinghai Yixin, the
Rooster mark was transferred from Qinghai Meheco to the first defendant and
Qinghai Yixin, when the trade mark was not amongst the assets identified to be
transferred.

57 The defendants’ response was that the JAA referred to the joint acquisition
of Qinghai Meheco after liquidation. Reference was also made to a Civil
Judgment of the High Court of Qinghai Province dated 15 May 2001 that the
_entire property_ of Qinghai Meheco was to be transferred to the first
defendant and Qinghai Yixin in accordance to the JAA. Following that, on 15
September 2003, the High Peoples’ Court of Qinghai Province issued an order
confirming that the liquidation of Qinghai Meheco was completed, implying that
all the insolvency property of the company was disposed of. The defendants
also referred to an Explanatory Statement issued by the Qinghai Economic
Committee and State-owned Assets Supervision and Administration Commission of
Qinghai Provincial Government dated 10 January 2006, which confirmed that the
entire insolvency property of Qinghai Meheco, including the Singapore Rooster
trade mark, was transferred to the first defendant and Qinghai Yixin.

58 During the hearing, the plaintiff and the defendants called lawyers from
China to give evidence on the state, effect and operation of the Chinese
corporate and insolvency law on whether the trade mark rights were in fact
assigned with the other assets of Qinghai Meheco, and the effect of the
Explanatory Statement.

59 After examining the evidence and the submissions of counsel, I am unable to
come to a clear conclusion whether the trade mark rights were assigned, mainly
because the uncertainties raised by the plaintiff were essentially matters
which have to be determined under the Chinese law and procedure. Instead of
having the parties’ respective legal experts present their contradictory,
inconclusive and sometimes unconvincing opinions on the matters, the issue is
best resolved by seeking a formal decision from a competent court in China.
Apparently, no issue has been raised by anyone in China that the trade marks
of Qinghai Meheco had not been transferred by Qinghai Meheco to the first
defendant and Qinghai Yixin.

60 On the evidence before me, the plaintiff has not proved that the
applications to register the assignments were affected by fraud or
misrepresentation. The applicant was not shown to have made the representation
with the knowledge that it was untrue, or with a reckless disregard as to
whether it was true or not; there was no proof of fraud. The plaintiff has not
proved to my satisfaction that there was a misrepresentation.

Discretion

61 As the Rooster mark did not have the capability to distinguish Qinghai
Meheco’s cordyceps from the cordyceps of the other suppliers, the registration
of the mark may be invalidated under s 23(1). Does that mean that the
registration must be invalidated, or is there a discretion in the matter? The
issue has received some consideration, but I think further reflection and
examination are justified. Section 22(1) states that a trade mark _may_ be
revoked on the ground set out therein, and s 23(1) states that a trade mark
_may_ be declared invalid if it was registered in breach of s 7.

62 In the United Kingdom, the construction of s 46(1) of the UK Act, the
equivalent of our s 22(1), was considered in _Premier Brands UK Ltd v Typhoon
Europe Ltd_ [2000] FSR 767 (“ _Premier Brands_ ”), a decision of the High
Court of the UK. Neuberger J held at p 811:

I do not find any of the reasons supporting either view [whether there is a
discretion or not] particularly strong. However, it does seem to me somewhat
odd if the legislature has specifically provided for no revocation in the
event of there being good reason for the non-use, but nonetheless has left the
Court with a residual discretion, particularly without giving any indication
as to what factors should be taken into account when exercising that
discretion. Further, consideration of the combined effect of section 46(1)(c)
and (d) suggest to me that it is more likely that the legislature intended
that those two paragraphs were to represent mandatory, rather than
discretionary, grounds for revocation.

63 It is a rather broad proposition that in cases falling within s 46(1) (our
s 22(1)), there can be absolutely no ground for not revoking the mark. Sub-
section (1) provides that a mark may be revoked if it is not put to use for
five years after registration, or if its use has been suspended for five years
or more. Sub-section (3) however states that a mark _shall not_ be revoked if
the use of the mark has commenced or resumed before the application (subject
to sub-section (4)). Consequently, if the commencement or resumption of use
preceded the application, even by a day, the mark shall not be revoked. What
is the position where the commencement or resumption of use did not precede
the application, but took place the day after the application? In such a case,
the prohibition against revocation does not apply. Is it reasonable for that
to be replaced by a compulsion to revoke? There is no necessity to go from one
extreme to the other. As a matter of logic, when revocation is not prohibited,
that means that it is possible, not that it is mandatory. It can mean that
there is a discretion whether to revoke, and that is entirely consistent and
in harmony with the word ‘may’.

64 This issue came up for consideration again in the UK in _Scandecor
Development AB v Scandecor Marketing AB_ [2002] FSR 122. In this case, a
question which came up for the decision of the House of Lords was whether when
the circumstances under s 46(1) of the UK Act exist, the court must revoke the
trade mark. It is noteworthy that the learned judges did not adopt the
approach taken in _Premier Brands_ , and decided to seek the ruling of the
European Court of Justice on the issue. Unfortunately, the case was settled
before the European Court of Justice could give its ruling.

65 The issue has been considered in the context of s 22 in three reported High
Court decisions in Singapore. These are _Reemtsma Cigarettenfabriken GmbH v
Hugo Boss AG (No 2)_ [2003] 4 SLR 155 (“ _Hugo Boss_ ”), _Weir Warman Ltd v
Research & Development Pty Ltd_ [2007] 2 SLR 1073 (“ _Warman_ ”) and _Nation
Fittings (M) Sdn Bhd v Oystertec Plc and Another Suit_ [2006] 1 SLR 712 (“
_Oystertec_ ”). In these cases, the High Court came to the conclusion that
there is no discretion. While these cases deal with the ‘may’ in s 22, the
reasons for the construction of the word in s 22 could be applied to the
construction of the word in s 23 as well.

66 In _Hugo Boss_ , Belinda Ang J held at [31] that:

There are significant pointers in favour of “may” meaning that, if any of the
grounds specified in the sub-s (1) are satisfied, the power must be exercised
one way. They are:

(a) In this case, the statutory power conferred on the court (or Registrar) is
exhaustive in that registration may be revoked in no other than in four
specific grounds for revocation.

(b) Subsection (3) expressly covers the situation where there is no power to
revoke even if sub-s (1)(a) or (b) is satisfied. It amounts to an exhaustive
statement of the position so far as relevant. There is thus no room for
discretion to operate.

(c) There is no “sweeping up” clause to accommodate other grounds.

(d) Subsection (7) is consistent with the absence of discretion. Once the
grounds are established in respect of some goods and not the rest, partial
revocation is to be ordered.

67 With respect, I do not find the pointers compelling, because:

(a) The fact that there are four specific and exhaustive grounds for
revocation is not inconsistent with there being a discretion whether to
revoke. What it means is that in the absence of any of these four grounds,
there is no power to revoke.

(b) The fact that s 22(3) creates an exception to the liability to revocation
does not imply that where the liability to revocation exists, there is no
discretion in the exercise of the power to revoke.

(c) The fact that there is no “sweeping up” clause for revocation cannot mean
that there is no discretion under the four grounds specified.

(d) Section 22(7) which states:

(7) Where the registration of a trade mark is revoked to any extent, the
rights of the proprietor shall be deemed to have ceased to that extent as from
—

(a) the date of the application for revocation; or

(b) if the Registrar or the Court is satisfied that the grounds for revocation
existed at an earlier date, that date.

refers to the consequence of revocation, not whether there is a discretion to
revoke.

68 The learned judge went on to state at [32]:

The conclusion could be tested in another way. Firstly, if there is some
unexpressed ground with [sic] which the court (or Registrar) could consider,
it could only arise by implication as a matter of statutory construction.
Section 22(1) states that a registered mark may be revoked on _the following
grounds_ and four grounds are enumerated. An implication cannot properly be
found that goes against the express statement “ _the following grounds_ ”. The
_expressio unius_ rule gives the word “ _may_ ” in s 22(1) the meaning “ _may
only_ ”. Thus, no provision could be implied to cut down the operation of the
specific terms of s 22. [emphasis in the original]

With respect, the maxim _expressio unius exclusio alterius_ should not be
applied in this manner. The four grounds set out in s 22(1) are the grounds on
which a mark may be revoked. Applying the rule, these are the only four
grounds on which the power to revoke can be exercised, i.e. it excludes any
ground not specified from being taken into consideration. The effect of the
rule is to exclude what is not expressly included. It does not prevent the
exercise of a power from being discretionary if the power is discretionary on
a proper construction.

69 In _Oystertec_ , Andrew Phang Boon Leong J accepted the reasoning and
conclusion of _Hugo Boss._ In _Warman_ , VK Rajah J referred to the reasoning
set out in _Hugo Boss_ and adopted them at [98], adding:

Indeed, as the purpose of trade mark registration is to ensure an accurate
record of trade marks to serve, _inter alia_ , as notice to rival traders that
the registered mark is in use, any lack of _bona fide_ use or intention to use
evidenced by non-use during the relevant period must necessarily result in the
removal of that trade mark from the register.

70 While it is correct that when a proper situation for revocation arises, the
power to revoke should be exercised, that cannot exclude the converse, that in
situations where the Registrar or Court finds that there are good reasons for
not deregistering a mark, they should not be compelled to deregister it.

71 It is also appropriate to take note of the passage of the Act through
Parliament in 1998. Under s 9A of the Interpretation Act (Cap 1, 2002 Rev Ed),
the explanatory note and the Minister’s speech can be referred to in aid of
the construction of the provisions of the Act. The process started with the
Trade Marks Bill (Bill No. 42 of 1998). There was an explanatory note to the
Bill to the effect that:

This Bill seeks to repeal the Trade Marks Act (Cap. 332) and replace it with
new trade marks legislation in order —

(a) to simplify and modernise trade mark law;

(b) to enable Singapore to meet its obligations under the Agreement on Trade-
Related Aspects of Intellectual Property Rights (TRIPS) and the Paris
Convention for the Protection of Industrial Property (Paris Convention); and

(c) to enable Singapore to accede to other international agreements relating
to trade marks e.g. the Protocol relating to the Madrid Agreement concerning
the International Registration of Marks (Madrid Protocol).

72 When the Bill was debated in Parliament, the Minister of State for Law
highlighted six important changes in his speech, but he did not mention any
change in the power to make changes to the register.

73 The trade mark legislation in operation at that time was the old act. Under
this old act, the power to make rectifications to the trade mark register was
governed by s 39(1) which provided that:

39\. – (1) Subject to the provisions of this Act –

(a) the court _may_ on the application in the prescribed manner of any person
aggrieved by the non-insertion in or omission from the register of any entry,
or by any entry made in the register without sufficient cause, or by any entry
wrongfully remaining on the register, or by any error or defect in any entry
in the register, make such order for making, expunging or varying the entry as
it thinks fit;

(b) the court _may_ in any proceeding under this section decide any question
that it may be necessary or expedient to decide in connection with the
rectification of the register;

(c) in case of fraud in the registration, assignment or transmission of a
registered trade mark the Registrar _may_ himself apply to the court under the
provisions of this section;

…

[emphasis added]

74 It has been confirmed in three cases that the power in s 39 is
discretionary. In _Davidoff Extension SA v Davidoff Commercio E Industria
Ltda_ [1987] SLR 462, FA Chua J held at p 466 that:

It is clear from the authorities that the court always has a discretion under
s 39 to rectify or not in the light of all the circumstances of the case.

In _Re Jaguar Trademark_ [1993] 2 SLR 466, Lai Siu Chiu JC affirmed at p 477
that:

under s 39 of the Act, the court has the discretion whether or not to rectify
the register …

Finally, in _Super Coffeemix Manufacturing Ltd v Unico Trading Pte Ltd and
Another and Another Appeal_ [2000] 3 SLR 145 (“ _Super Coffeemix_ ”), the
Court of Appeal stated at [82] that:

It seems to us that by the use of the terms such as “may” and “as it thinks
fit” in s 39(1)(a), the court has a discretion [to order as disclaimer].

75 There are several observations to be made here. Firstly, if the “may” in s
39(1) of the old act was discretionary, is there any reason to read the same
word in s 22(1) and s 23(1) as mandatory? Secondly, if the change was
intended, it was a significant change as the discretion is an important part
of the power to rectify. If the Bill was bringing on a departure from the
established position, it would be reasonable for the Minister to mention that
in his speech. Thirdly, there were no calls or representations for the power
to be made mandatory, or criticisms against the retention of the discretion,
which would have led to a decision to remove the discretion.

76 Having given the matter careful consideration, my conclusion is that the
provisions should be construed to give the Registrar and the court a
discretion whether to revoke or invalidate when the conditions are
established.

When the power to invalidate should be exercised

77 Having found that the plaintiff has not established a case for revocation
under s 22(1)(a), I focus my attention on the mark’s liability to be
invalidated under s 23 for not having the capability to distinguish.

78 When a power to revoke is created, the power should be exercised with care,
against the background that an important function of a trade mark registration
regime is to ensure order in the use of trade marks. The power should be
exercised after all the relevant circumstances are taken into consideration.

79 The relevant circumstances for the exercise of the power to revoke would
include, without being exhaustive, (a) the triggering factor, (b) the
conditions at the time of the application to revoke, and (c) the balance of
the interests involved.

80 I had thought the conduct of the applicant would also be relevant. When a
party seeks the Registrar or the Court to use its discretion to remove a
registered mark, its conduct and motivation should be considered. I am however
constrained by Chitty J’s ruling in _In re Hill’s Trade Mark_ (1893) 10 RPC
113 that in such proceedings, the question is not between the applicant and
the respondent, but between the state and the respondent, and therefore the
merits or demerits of the applicant are irrelevant, which the Court of Appeal
endorsed in _Super Coffeemix._ However, while the principal consideration is
the interest of the state, the reality is that the state rarely applies to
remove a registration, and it is the applicant who wants the mark removed, not
for the interests of the state, but for its own reasons. Against this
background, the conduct of the applicant could be a relevant factor where
there is a discretion whether to revoke or invalidate a registration.

**_(a) The triggering factor_**

81 There is an array of factors that bring s 23 into operation. For example, s
23(4) provides that:

(4) The registration of a trade mark may be declared invalid on the ground of
fraud in the registration or that the registration was obtained by
misrepresentation.

82 All misrepresentations, innocent, negligent and fraudulent, are covered. No
distinction is made on the materiality and nature of the misrepresentation,
and no allowance is made for the curing of the misrepresentation. Some
misrepresentations can be rectified, for example, an application may be made
on the representation that the original proprietor has agreed to assign a
trade mark to the applicant upon the payment of an agreed sum which has been
paid, when in fact it was not due for payment. In such a situation, the fact
that the sum was subsequently paid and received in full satisfaction by the
original proprietor would diminish the case for revocation when compared to a
situation where the very assignment agreement relied on does not exist.

**_(b) Conditions at the time of the application_**

83 The registration of a trade mark creates a new status quo. Circumstances
can change significantly with the registration. A mark which did not have the
capability to distinguish may acquire the capability when the other users of
the mark stop using the mark.

**_(c) The balance of the interests involved_**

84 Three sets of interests, if not more, should be considered and weighed
against each other. First, there is the public interest, that the public
should not be deceived or confused by the use of a mark. Second, there is the
interest of the proprietor of the mark, and of other parties who derive their
interests from the proprietor, such as the licensees and distributors. Third,
there is the interest of the party which seeks the removal of the mark.

Whether the registration should be invalidated

85 At the present, the Rooster mark is being used only by the defendants as
the other users had ceased using the mark after it was registered in
Singapore, so there is no confusion or deception arising from the defendants’
use of the mark. There is the allegation that the counterfeit Rooster mark is
being used by unauthorised parties. The remedy to such improper use is
enforcement proceedings such as the defendants have commenced, and not the
removal of the mark itself. In this respect, the defendants in taking action
to promote the mark and protect it from infringement are exercising their
existing legal rights. The plaintiff, on the other hand, has no interest in
the mark. It does not claim ownership of the mark. Its case is that because
the mark should not have been registered, the registration should be set aside
now, and conditions be allowed to revert to the pre-registration state when
the same mark was used for all Chinese cordyceps.

86 I find, on reviewing the facts and balancing the different interests, that
the status quo should be maintained, and the registration of the Rooster mark
should be continued.

Prayer 3 - Copyright

87 The first defendant claims to be the owner of the copyright to the Rooster
mark incorporated in three labels used on the cordyceps it sells, and alleges
that the plaintiff has infringed the copyright by being in possession of
labels, and selling cordyceps with labels bearing unauthorised reproductions
of the rooster brand labels.

88 The first defendant puts forward its claim through the evidence of Zhang
Jianzhong (“ZJZ”), its managing director, and Huang Tao (“HT”), its Chinese
law expert. ZJZ deposed in his affidavit:

116\. _To the best of my knowledge and belief_ , the China Trade Mark and the
3 labels … were created by Qinghai Xinyuan and/or its predecessors as follows:

(a) _To the best of my information and belief_ , the China Native Products
Qinghai Branch created the Rooster Logo and Label (1) in the 1960s (i.e. the
Rooster Logo and Label (1) were created by employees of China Native Products
Qinghai Branch, using the resources of the company) … _I verily believe_ that
the said snow mountains and fields inspired the employees of China Native
Products Qinghai Branch to design and create what eventually became a
distinctive label of China Native Products Qinghai Branch, China cereals
Qinghai Branch and their successors.

Label (1) was used on Rooster brand products produced and sold by China Native
Products Qinghai Branch and China Cereals Qinghai Branch until about 1988. I
should note that at that time, copyright law had not yet been implemented in
the PRC. However, I am advised that at such time the General Principles of
Civil Law of the PRC applied to the protection of copyrights and the
assignments thereof. To the best of my information and belief, during this
period, China Native Products Qinghai Branch made an agreement with China
Cereals Qinghai Branch to assign its copyrights in the Rooster Logo and Label
(1) to China Cereals Qinghai Branch. Although such agreement was not made in
written form, the intention of both parties to transfer is evidenced by and
can objectively be seen from China Cereals Qinghai Branch’s registration of
the China Trade Mark (which comprises the Rooster Logo) in 1985, with the
consent and/or acquiescence of China Native Products Qinghai Branch.

When Qinghai Medicines took over the business in Rooster brand cordyceps from
China Cereals Qinghai Branch around the time of its incorporation in 1989, _I
verily believe_ that the copyrights in the Rooster Logo and in Label (1) were
transferred to Qinghai Medicines, as part of the process of Qinghai Medicines’
assumption of the business in Rooster brand cordyceps. This intention is
evidenced by the assignment of the China Trade Mark by China Cereals Qinghai
Branch to Qinghai Medicines, which was approved and recorded by the China
Trade Marks Registry on 28 September 1995.

(b) … Over time, modifications and refinements were made to Label (1), which
resulted in the creation of Label (2). The modifications and refinements that
led to the creation of Label (2) were carried out by Qinghai Medicines’
employees, under the instruction of Qinghai Medicines, and with the full
support and resources of Qinghai Medicines. The main reason for these
modifications and refinements was that unauthorised parties were copying our
labels, and we had to take steps to address this problem. As noted above, _I
verily believe_ that in the course of taking over the business in relation to
Rooster brand cordyceps, Qinghai Medicines had acquired the copyrights in the
Rooster Logo and in Label (1), and was therefore entitled to make the said
modifications to Label (1), which resulted in the creation of Label (2). In
any event, I should note that China Native Products Qinghai Branch never
objected to the creation and use of Label (2) by Qinghai Medicines, and has
never made any claims that Qinghai Medicines has committed any copyright
infringement by doing so. Label (2) was used from about 1988 to about 2000.

(c) Label (3) was a significant departure from Labels (1) and (2). The main
changes introduced were:

i. inclusion of shadow of Chinese flowers;

ii. inclusion of barcode;

iii. The inclusion of Chinese calligraphic script depicting the Chinese
characters for cordyceps (i.e. “????”), which was painted by a famous Qinghai
calligrapher who was engaged by Qinghai Medicines. _To the best of my
information and belief_ , Qinghai Medicines had paid a fee to the said
calligrapher for the assignment of the copyright in the calligraphy work to
Qinghai Medicines. However, there is no written assignment agreement
evidencing this transfer. The calligrapher has since passed away;

…

Apart from the painting of the calligraphy as described above, the design,
arrangement and creation of Label (3) was carried out by Qinghai Medicines’
employees, under the instruction of Qinghai Medicines, and with the full
support and resources of Qinghai Medicines. Label (3) has been used since
about 1995 to present. …

I am advised and do _verily believe_ that when Qinghai Xinyuan acquired 100%
of Qinghai Medicines’ insolvency property on 28 May 2003, including all
intangible assets, such assets also included all copyrights owned by Qinghai
Medicines, such as the copyrights in the Rooster Logo, and in Labels (1), (2)
and (3).

[emphasis added]

89 HT’s conclusions on the substance and devolution of the copyright in the
Rooster mark and the labels were made on the assumption that ZJZ’s assertions
are correct. HT made it clear in his expert report:

56\. _[A]ssuming_ that Zhang Jianzhong’s statements in paragraph 116(a) of his
Affidavit with respect to the creation of the Rooster Logo and Label (1) are
true and accurate, China Native Product Qinghai Branch was the owner of the
copyrights subsisting in the Rooster Logo and Label (1) pursuant to Article 16
of the 2001 Copyright Law, …

…

59\. _Assuming_ that the matters stated at paragraph 116(a) of the Affidavit
of Zhang Jianzhong are true and complete, we are of the opinion that the
assignment of the copyrights in the Rooster Logo and Label (1) from China
Native Products Qinghai Branch to China Cereals Qinghai Branch complied with
the provisions of the General Principles of Civil Law applicable to the said
assignment.

…

62\. I note from paragraph 116(b) of the Affidavit of Zhang Jianzhong that
Label (2) was created by making modifications and refinements to Label (1),
and that Label (2) was created by Qinghai Medicines’ employees, under the
instruction of Qinghai Medicines, and with the full support and resources of
Qinghai Medicines.

…

64\. Based on the information above, _assuming_ it is true and complete, my
opinion is that Label (2) is a derivative work within the meaning of article
12 of the 2001 Copyright Law, and the copyright subsisting in the same
lawfully belonged to Qinghai Medicines, under Article 16(2) of the 2001
Copyright Law.

…

69\. I note that apart from the painting of the calligraphy as described
above, the design, arrangement and creation of Label (3) was carried out by
Qinghai Medicines’ employees, under the instruction of Qinghai Medicines, and
with the full support and resources of Qinghai Medicines as stated at
paragraph 116(c) of the Affidavit of Zhang Jianzhong.

70\. _Assuming_ the above information is true and complete, I am of the
opinion that Label (3) constitutes a new work of fine art, which enjoys
copyright protection under Article 3 of the 2001 Copyright Law, and the owner
of such copyright was Qinghai Medicines, pursuant to Article 16(2) of the 2001
Copyright Law.

[emphasis added]

90 However, HT noted an error in ZJZ’s affidavit and stated:

60\. At paragraph 116(a) of the Affidavit of Zhang Jianzhong, he further notes
that Qinghai Medicines took over the business in Rooster brand cordyceps from
China Cereals Qinghai Branch around the time of its incorporation in 1989, and
that he believes that the copyrights in the Rooster Logo and in Label (1) were
transferred to Qinghai Medicines in the process. He states that this is
evidenced by the assignment of the China Trade Mark by China Cereals Qinghai
Branch to Qinghai Medicines, which was approved and recorded by the China
Trade Marks Registry on 28 September 1995.

61\. As noted above, under the 1990 Copyright Law that applied as at 1995,
there were no provisions regulating the assignment of copyrights. However, in
my opinion, assuming the explanations provided in the Affidavit of Zhang
Jianzhong are true and complete, it is reasonable to infer that the copyrights
in the Rooster Logo and Label (1) had been transferred to Qinghai Medicines.

91 In the circumstances, the soundness of ZJZ’s assertions is critical to the
first defendant’s claim to the copyrights. In his affidavit, ZJZ did not make
reference to any personal knowledge in the creation of the Rooster mark and
labels, and he did not allude to any effort that he or the first defendant had
made to establish the facts on the origin of the marks and the labels.

92 His statements relating to the history of the Rooster mark and the labels
were made, as he stated and repeated, “to the best of my information and
belief” and on the basis that “I verily believe” in them. He did not disclose
the knowledge and information he alluded to and he did not state the basis of
his belief.

93 Assertions such as these are open to criticism. The defendants criticised
the evidence of Zhao Jian, who gave evidence on behalf of the plaintiff on the
development of the Rooster mark in China, and THN when they submitted:

320\. Zhao Jian had, in his affidavit, stated that it was his “belief” that
the Rooster logo and the first Rooster label were devised by a company called
Guangdong Tuhsu. However, during cross-examination, Zhao Jian had admitted
that he had _no first-hand knowledge_ that this was indeed true. Hence Zhao
Jian’s evidence on the issue of copyright is inadmissible as it is based on
hearsay and on matters which Zhao Jian had no personal knowledge of. …

[emphasis in original]

321\. Similarly, THN had stated in his first affidavit that it was his belief
that the Rooster logo and the first Rooster label were created by Guangdong
Tuhsu. However, he had also admitted during his cross-examination that _he had
no first-hand knowledge_ that this was indeed true.[note: 18]

[emphasis added]

94 When a person presents evidence on that basis, he is really asking that his
bare statements be accepted at face value. If his statements are accepted by
another party, they become agreed facts. But if they are not accepted, the
evidence carries little or no weight.

95 The first defendant’s claim on the copyrights therefore stands on a very
weak factual foundation. Beyond that, its legal foundation is also flawed. Its
counsel submitted that:

318\. The intellectual property rights in the Rooster Logo and the first
Rooster label were then assigned to Qinghai Medicines sometime in 1989. Such
an assignment is evidenced by the assignment of the China Rooster trade mark
from China Cereals Qinghai Medicines to Qinghai Medicines, which assignment
was approved and recorded by the PRC Trademark Office on 28 September 1995.
…[note: 19]

96 There is a break in the reasoning in that statement. How did the assignment
of a trade mark to Qinghai Meheco vest any copyright in it? This flaw is
greater in view of HT’s evidence that Chinese law did not provide for the
assignment of copyrights.

97 The defendants glossed over these deficiencies and argued that the
plaintiff had accepted ZJZ’s evidence as it did not cross-examine ZJZ on his
assertions, thus putting the rule in _Browne v Dunn_ (1893) 6 R 67 in
operation.[note: 20] This argument is flawed. The rule in _Browne v Dunn_ is
that a party which seeks to contradict the evidence of another party with its
own evidence should disclose its evidence when it cross-examines the witnesses
of the other party. Under the current practice of the filing of witnesses’
affidavits of evidence-in-chief, each party would have disclosed its evidence
even before any cross-examination begins. In any event, the plaintiff had,
through THN, disclosed its case on the origin of the rooster mark and label
even before ZJZ gave his evidence.

98 The process of proof of the first defendant’s claim to the copyrights can
be broken up into stages. When it claims ownership, the onus of proof is on
it. To discharge the onus, it has to present proper and credible evidence. If
it does that, the evidential burden shifts to the plaintiff to rebut the
evidence. But if it fails to present any proper and credible evidence, its
claim fails even if the plaintiff does not put up any evidence of its own,
because there is nothing to rebut.

99 I find that the first defendant has failed to prove its claim, and that the
plaintiff has made a case for a declaration sought in prayer 3, but restricted
to the first defendant as the second defendant has never claimed to be the
owner of the copyrights.

Conclusion

100 I dismiss prayers 1 and 2 with costs. With reference to prayer 3, I make
the declaration, restricted to the first defendant. The first defendant shall
pay the plaintiff costs, and the plaintiff shall pay the second defendant
costs on this prayer.

  

* * *

[note: 1]Plaintiff’s Opening Statement, Annexure B para 7

[note: 2]Plaintiff’s Opening Statement, Annexure B paras 8 to 11

[note: 3]Plaintiff’s Opening Statement, Annexure B para 12

[note: 4]Plaintiff’s Opening Statement, Annexure B para 13

[note: 5]Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions para 31

[note: 6]Plaintiff’s Opening Statement para 19, emphasis in original

[note: 7]Plaintiff’s Opening Statement para 20

[note: 8]Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions para 109

[note: 9]Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions para 65

[note: 10]Paragraph 8-101

[note: 11]Paragraph 8-102

[note: 12]Paragraph 8-113

[note: 13]Notes of Evidence pages 85-87

[note: 14]Defendants’ Reply Submissions para 13

[note: 15]Defendants’ Reply Submissions para 6

[note: 16]Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions paras 46 and 47

[note: 17]Defendants’ Closing Submissions page 48

[note: 18]Defendants’ Closing Submissions paras 320 and 321

[note: 19]Defendants’ Closing Submissions, para 318

[note: 20]Defendants’ Closing Submissions, para 326

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 09 Apr 2008 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

