Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Good Earth Agricultural Co Ltd v Novus International Pte Ltd  
[2008] SGCA 13

Case Number | : | CA 83/2007  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 13 March 2008  
Tribunal/Court | : | Court of Appeal  
Coram | : |  Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA; V K Rajah JA   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Mohan Reviendran Pillay and Toh Chen Han (MPillay) for the appellant; Tong Beng Teck Roland (Wong Tan & Molly Lim LLC) for the respondent   
Parties | : |  Good Earth Agricultural Co Ltd — Novus International Pte Ltd   
  
Conflict of Laws – Choice of jurisdiction – Spiliada Maritime Corporation v
Cansulex Ltd principles for determining whether stay of proceedings should be
granted on ground of forum non conveniens – Whether factors such as "judge
shopping" that concerned substantive justice should be considered at stage 1
or stage 2 of Spiliada test  
  
Conflict of Laws – Choice of jurisdiction – Stay of proceedings on ground of
forum non conveniens – Singapore-incorporated company commencing suit in
Singapore after application to file counterclaim in earlier Hong Kong action
dismissed because too close to trial date – Whether Hong Kong was proper forum
since Singapore suit was continuation of parties' disputes that led to Hong
Kong action – Circumstances where court would grant a stay  
  

13 March 2008 |   
---|---  
  
Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA (delivering the grounds of decision of the court):

1 The respondent, Novus International Pte Ltd (“Novus”), sued the appellant,
Good Earth Agricultural Company Limited (“Good Earth”), for breach of
fiduciary duty and for recovery of secret profits in the Singapore High Court
(“the Singapore action”). Good Earth contended that Hong Kong would be the
natural or more appropriate forum to try Novus’s claim and applied for a stay
of the Singapore action on the ground of _forum non conveniens_. In the
proceedings below, the learned assistant registrar dismissed Good Earth’s
application. Good Earth’s subsequent appeal from that decision to the High
Court was dismissed by the learned judge (“the Judge”) in _Novus International
Pte Ltd v Good Earth Agricultural Co Ltd_ [2007] 4 SLR 402 (“the GD”). We
allowed Good Earth’s appeal and now give the reasons for our decision.

**Background**

2 Good Earth, a Hong Kong-registered company, entered into an oral agreement
with Monsanto, an American corporation, in 1978 (“the oral agreement”) under
which Good Earth was appointed Monsanto’s exclusive distributor within South-
East Asia for certain animal feed products. In 1991, Novus International Inc
(“NII”) purchased Monsanto’s animal feed business. In the same year, Novus was
incorporated in Singapore as a wholly-owned subsidiary of NII to undertake the
marketing and sale of the various animal feed products in the region. Pursuant
to a variation of the earlier arrangement between Good Earth and Monsanto,
Good Earth continued to distribute the animal feed products for Novus.

3 The parties’ business relationship broke down over disagreements about the
rate of commission paid to Good Earth. By a letter dated 14 January 2002,
Novus terminated the distributorship agreement with Good Earth without giving
notice. This prompted Good Earth to commence legal proceedings against Novus
in the High Court of Hong Kong in late 2002 for wrongful termination of
contract (“the Hong Kong action”). Novus submitted to the jurisdiction of the
Hong Kong court and defended the suit accordingly. The trial took place in
December 2006. Good Earth prevailed and it was awarded _US$542,594 in damages,
plus interest and costs_. Good Earth registered the Hong Kong judgment in
Singapore on 1 March 2007 _to recover US$700,467.31, comprising the principal
sum of US$542,594 and interest of US$157,873.31._ Novus filed interlocutory
applications to resist execution of the Hong Kong judgment, although it
appears to have paid the principal amount on the judgment sum to Good Earth
(see the GD at [3]).

**_Novus’s claim for secret profits_**

4 What brought the parties before the Singapore courts is Novus’s allegation
that Good Earth made secret profits by charging end-customers a higher price
than that agreed to between the parties. Under the distributorship agreement,
Novus would set a price, say $X, at which Good Earth was required to sell the
products to its end-customers. _Good Earth would be paid commission at a rate
that was usually 8%; according to Novus, the commission rate was 5% or 3.2% on
some occasions._ Novus would bill Good Earth for (100-C)% of $X, where C was
the agreed rate of commission, and would be paid that amount. In the Singapore
action, Novus claims that Good Earth had wrongfully retained US$1,698,484 of
secret profits, in breach of the fiduciary duty it owed to Novus, and Novus is
seeking to recover this sum. Even if Good Earth’s defence that Novus applied
the incorrect exchange rate and overstated its claim by US$428,059.56 was
accepted, Novus contends that it was entitled to apply for summary judgment in
respect of the remaining sum.

5 Among the bases for Good Earth’s assertion that the Novus’s claim for secret
profits should be heard in Hong Kong is the fact that Novus first introduced
its claim for secret profits by way of a counterclaim in the Hong Kong action
(“the Hong Kong counterclaim”). This is, in our view, a significant
consideration in so far as the present appeal is concerned. It warrants a
closer examination of the circumstances under which the Hong Kong counterclaim
was filed (unsuccessfully, as we shall see) in the Hong Kong action.

6 In 2004, during the discovery process for the Hong Kong action, Novus learnt
– from the invoices that Good Earth disclosed – that the latter had been
charging its customers marked up prices of $(X+Y) and not $X as agreed between
Novus and Good Earth. Good Earth’s explanation was that it had implemented a
scheme under which $Y constituted rebates that it returned to its customers.
Novus disputed this and filed the Hong Kong counterclaim in February 2005, but
the application was subsequently adjourned because Novus was unable to obtain
relevant evidence from potential witnesses. In the meantime, both parties
corresponded on a “without prejudice” basis regarding the nature of the mark-
up.

7 On or about 26 September 2006, Novus applied for leave to file the Hong Kong
counterclaim after obtaining a witness statement from Chuah Chong Hin
(“Chuah”), Novus’s managing director from June 1996 to August 2001. This
second application was heard on 24 October 2006 by Stone J, the trial judge in
the Hong Kong action. Good Earth objected to the late timing of Novus’s
application, claiming that it would suffer prejudice. Stone J dismissed the
application on the ground that it was too late since trial of the Hong Kong
action had been set down to commence on 4 December 2006.

**The _Spiliada_ test**

8 It is now clearly established that the Singapore courts apply the “
_Spiliada_ principles” laid down by Lord Goff of Chieveley in the seminal
House of Lords decision of _Spiliada Maritime Corporation v Cansulex Ltd_
[1987] AC 460 (“ _Spiliada_ ”) to determine when a stay of proceedings should
be granted on the ground of _forum non conveniens_ : see, for example, the
decisions of this court in _Brinkerhoff Maritime Drilling Corp v PT Airfast
Services Indonesia_ [1992] 2 SLR 776 (“ _Brinkerhoff_ ”), _Oriental Insurance
Co Ltd v Bhavani Stores Pte Ltd_ [1998] 1 SLR 253, _PT Hutan Domas Raya v Yue
Xiu Enterprises (Holdings) Limited_ [2001] 2 SLR 49 (“ _PT Hutan_ ”), and
_Rickshaw Investments Ltd v Nicolai Baron von Uexkull_ [2007] 1 SLR 377 (“
_Rickshaw Investments_ ”). Indeed, Chao Hick Tin J, delivering the judgment of
this court in _Brinkerhoff_ , observed as follows (_id_ at 784, [35]):

Lord Goff, who delivered the judgment of the House [in the _Spiliada_ case],
to which the other four Law Lords agreed, restated the law (and in so
restating, took into account the Scottish authorities as well) which is
summarized in the third cumulative supplement to _Dicey & Morris on Conflict
of Laws_ (11th Ed) at para 393–395 as follows:

(a) the basic principle is that a stay will only be granted on the ground of
forum non conveniens where the court is satisfied that there is some other
available forum, having competent jurisdiction, which is the appropriate forum
for the trial of the action, ie in which the case may be tried more suitably
for the interest of all the parties and the ends of justice;

(b) the legal burden of proof is on the defendant, but the evidential burden
will rest on the party who asserts the existence of a relevant factor;

(c) the burden is on the defendant to show both that England is not the
natural or appropriate forum, and also that there is another available forum
which is clearly or distinctly more appropriate than the English forum;

(d) the court will look to see what factors there are which point to the
direction of another forum, as being the forum with which the action has the
most real and substantial connection, eg factors affecting convenience or
expense (such as availability of witnesses), the law governing the
transaction, and the places where the parties reside or carry on business;

(e) if at that stage the court concludes that there is no other available
forum which is clearly more appropriate it will ordinarily refuse a stay;

(f) if there is another forum which prima facie is clearly more appropriate
the court will ordinarily grant a stay unless there are circumstances by
reason of which justice requires that a stay should not be granted, and, in
this inquiry the court will consider all the circumstances of the case. But
the mere fact that the plaintiff has a legitimate personal or juridical
advantage in proceeding in England is not decisive; regard must be had to the
interests of all the parties and the ends of justice.

9 And Chao Hick Tin JA, also delivering the judgment of this court in _PT
Hutan_ , described how the principles are applied in practice (at [16]):

The first stage is for the court to determine whether, prima facie, there is
some other available forum, having competent jurisdiction, which is more
appropriate for the trial of the action. The legal burden of showing that
rests on the defendant. In determining that issue the court will look to see
what factors there are which point in the direction of another forum as being
the forum with which the action has the most real and substantial connection,
eg availability of witnesses, the convenience or expenses of having a trial in
a particular forum, the law governing the transaction and the places where the
parties reside or carry on business.Unless there is clearly another more
appropriate available forum, a stay will ordinarily be refused. If the court
concludes that there is such a more appropriate forum, it will ordinarily
grant a stay unless, in the words of Lord Goff, ‘there are circumstances by
reason of which justice requires that a stay should nevertheless not the
granted. In this inquiry the court will consider all the circumstances of the
case, including circumstances which go beyond those taken into account when
considering connecting factors with other jurisdictions’ … [In the second
stage,] all circumstances must be taken into account, including those taken
into account in determining the question of the more appropriate forum.
However, in this stage of the inquiry the burden shifts to the plaintiff.

10 The main factors that are relevant at the first stage of the _Spiliada_
test (“Stage 1”) include the following:

(a) general connecting factors;

(b) the jurisdiction in which the tort (or breach of contract) occurred; and

(c) the choice of law (whether the choice of law in the contract was exclusive
and if not, which law should be applied in the claims).

11 The Judge held that Good Earth had failed to discharge its burden under
Stage 1 and, concomitantly, there was no need to proceed to the second stage
of the _Spiliada_ test (“Stage 2”) (the GD at [27]). The gist of Good Earth’s
appeal is that the Judge erred by taking into account at Stage 1 factors that
were not relevant and factors that should have been considered at Stage 2.

**Applying the _Spiliada_ test**

**_Stage 1_**

_The Hong Kong counterclaim_

12 That Novus first filed a claim for secret profits in Hong Kong is the most
compelling factor in favour of Hong Kong as the natural or more appropriate
forum. The Singapore action is effectively a continuation of the parties’
disputes arising from the termination of the oral agreement and a “revival” of
Novus’s action for secret profits which could not proceed in Hong Kong because
the Hong Kong counterclaim was deemed to have been filed too close to the
commencement date of the trial of the Hong Kong action. Indeed, it would
appear that the Singapore action is, in substance and effect, the Hong Kong
counterclaim in another guise.

13 Novus’s counter-argument, however, is that the underlying claim in the
Singapore action is not the same claim as that in the Hong Kong counterclaim.
For the purposes of the Hong Kong counterclaim, Novus had planned to rely on
the invoices that Good Earth had disclosed during the discovery process for
the Hong Kong action. Subsequently, Good Earth introduced new evidence during
the trial of the Hong Kong action, as follows:

(a) Good Earth’s audited financial statements which were made available to
Novus on 6 December 2006;

(b) the second supplementary witness statement of Good Earth’s marketing
manager, Paweenee Mirinda Wuttiattapong (“Mirinda”), which was served on Novus
on the same date; and

(c) Mirinda’s oral testimony on 12 December 2006, in which she stated that the
figures in the audited financial statements and in her second supplementary
witness statement were net of returns and discounts, including rebates.

It is these three new pieces of evidence that Novus plans to rely on in the
Singapore action. This could explain why the amount of secret profits that
Novus is claiming in the Singapore action (US$1,698,484) is smaller than the
sum it sought to recover in the Hong Kong counterclaim (US$4,815,952.35, later
reduced to US$4,371,925.46 in the second, unsuccessful application).

14 Notwithstanding that different _evidence_ is being relied on in Novus’s
latest claim for the alleged secret profits, the key point for the purposes of
the present appeal is that, at bottom, the _nature_ of the claim in the
Singapore action is (as already alluded to above at [12]) the same as that in
the Hong Kong counterclaim. There are, admittedly, other factors. However, as
we shall demonstrate below, the location of witnesses provides some support
for the conclusion that Novus should continue to pursue its claim for secret
profits in Hong Kong, while the location of documents is merely a neutral
factor.

15 We do not consider it significant that, at the time of the Hong Kong
action, Novus had a presence in Hong Kong in the form of shareholdings in a
company, Novus International Nutrition Limited, which has since been
liquidated. Novus now argues that as it currently has no assets or business
presence in Hong Kong, there is no reason for it to litigate the present claim
in Hong Kong. We disagree. On the contrary, Good Earth is a Hong Kong company
and its assets are located there, thereby facilitating, in fact, enforcement
of the judgment if Novus succeeds in its claim for secret profits in Hong Kong
(assuming that Good Earth succeeds in the present appeal). There is no similar
connectivity with Singapore.

_Non-applicability of the doctrine of_ res judicata

16 The Judge took Good Earth to task for its “eleventh-hour disclosure of
crucial documents” in the Hong Kong action which contributed to Novus’s lack
of success in filing the Hong Kong counterclaim (the GD at [30]). Without
commenting on how Good Earth conducted the Hong Kong action, our main concern
is to ensure that Novus will not be precluded or estopped from bringing a new
action for secret profits in Hong Kong if the Singapore action is stayed.

17 The Hong Kong counterclaim was disallowed in order to avoid having to
vacate the trial of the Hong Kong action to a later date. In other words, the
Hong Kong counterclaim has not been decided on its merits. During the hearing
before us, we sought and obtained an undertaking from counsel for Good Earth,
Mr Mohan Pillay (“Mr Pillay”), that if the Singapore action were stayed in
favour of Hong Kong as the appropriate forum, Good Earth would not argue that
Stone J’s dismissal of Novus’s application to file the Hong Kong counterclaim
in October 2006 is _res judicata_. As a matter of fairness, Novus deserves a
chance to have its claim for secret profits heard and decided in the
appropriate forum _on its merits_ and Good Earth’s undertaking adequately
secures, in our view, Novus’s interests in this regard. This will ensure that
no procedural roadblocks will prevent the merits of the matter from being
ultimately adjudicated upon in Hong Kong.

_Witnesses and documents_

18 The availability of witnesses, which has an impact on the convenience or
expense of trial in a particular forum, was expressly mentioned by Lord Goff
as falling within the purview of a Stage 1 analysis: see _Spiliada_ ([8]
_supra_) at 478. This factor could take on greater significance under certain
circumstances, for example, when the credibility of witnesses could have a
decisive influence on the outcome: _Rickshaw Investments_ ([8] _supra_) at
[19].

19 Good Earth named four witnesses whom it proposed to call at the trial of
Novus’s claim for secret profits: (a) its chairman, Mr Q N Wong; (b) its
managing director, Mr Edwin Wong; (c) its deputy managing director, Mr Herbert
Tsan Yuen Wong (“Wong”); and (d) Mirinda, all of whom reside in Hong Kong.
Novus’s key witness would be Chuah, who is resident in Singapore. Chuah, Novus
alleged, was not prepared to travel to Hong Kong to testify in the Hong Kong
action. Novus expressed concern that he would be similarly unwilling to
testify in respect of Novus’s claim for secret profits and would not be
compellable to do so unless the matter is heard in Singapore.

20 The Judge resolved the issue of location of witnesses by determining that
“no witnesses other than Mirinda would be necessary” to testify on behalf of
Good Earth because Novus would base its claim on Good Earth’s audited
financial statements which Good Earth cannot dispute and which need not be
formally proved in court (the GD at [32]). The Judge also dismissed the
necessity to call the other three proposed witnesses of Good Earth since
Wong’s affidavit filed on 5 April 2007 did not elaborate on what evidence they
would testify to.

21 With respect, we are of the view that the Judge ought not to have pre-
determined which witnesses Good Earth should call to the stand. In terms of
expense and convenience for the purposes of calling witnesses, Hong Kong would
appear to be the natural or more appropriate forum since Good Earth has
produced the names of four witnesses that it intends to call in its defence
while Novus has only named Chuah as a witness. Counsel for Novus, Mr Roland
Tong, has already procured Chuah’s agreement to provide a written statement.
Chuah could also give evidence by video-link. As V K Rajah J noted in the
Singapore High Court decision of _Peters Roger May v Pinder Lillian Gek Lian_
[2006] 2 SLR 381 (at [26]), video-linked evidence of “unprecedented clarity
and life-like verisimilitude” is now readily available at relatively
affordable costs; even cross-examination can be carried out by video-link as
long as the court is satisfied that the witness is not being prompted.

22 As for Chuah’s compellability, Novus has recourse to the Evidence (Civil
Proceedings in other Jurisdictions) Act (Cap 98, 1985 Rev Ed), if necessary.
Mr Pillay confirmed during the hearing that Good Earth undertook not to object
to the adduction of Chuah’s written statement or video-link testimony in a
Hong Kong trial of Novus’s claim for secret profits.

23 We did not attach any weight to either party’s claim about the appropriate
forum in terms of the location of documents. As the Judge observed (the GD at
[34]), this was a consideration that could be dealt with by an appropriate
order for costs and disbursements. We did not see how the location of
documents could be a weighty factor when even the location of witnesses
overseas would not pose a problem.

_Choice of law_

24 The oral agreement was silent on the choice of law which is to be applied.
Since the court in the Hong Kong action has already applied Hong Kong law in
disposing of one aspect of the parties’ dispute, it would be preferable for
Novus’s claim for secret profits to be decided under Hong Kong law as well,
notwithstanding that both Singapore and Hong Kong are common law
jurisdictions. Indeed, as we have already noted, Novus had, in fact,
originally been prepared to vindicate its present claim in Hong Kong via the
Hong Kong counterclaim.

**_Stage 2_**

25 Under Stage 1 of the _Spiliada_ test, therefore, Hong Kong emerges as the
natural or more appropriate forum to try Novus’s claim for secret profits.
Taking all the circumstances into consideration, our view is that under Stage
2, there are no compelling grounds for asserting that notwithstanding that
Hong Kong is the _forum conveniens_ , the interests of justice require that
the Singapore action should not be stayed.

_“Judge shopping”_

26 The Judge, however, was of the view that Good Earth’s application to stay
the Singapore action in favour of Hong Kong as the appropriate venue to try
Novus’s claim for secret profits was primarily motivated by “judge shopping”.
This is because Wong stated in his affidavit of 5 April 2007 that Good Earth’s
Hong Kong solicitors had advised him that Stone J is the only dedicated judge
in the Hong Kong courts hearing matters in the commercial list. If Novus
commences an action for secret profits in Hong Kong, it is likely to be issued
in the commercial list, otherwise Good Earth would apply for the proceedings
to be transferred to the commercial list. In an affidavit filed on 4 May 2007,
Wong clarified that what he meant to say in his earlier affidavit was that
Novus’s claim could be dealt with more efficiently if it came before Stone J
since the learned judge was already familiar with the background facts of the
dispute between Novus and Good Earth.

27 The Singapore courts have nothing but unreserved respect for the Hong Kong
legal system. Indeed, it is not insignificant to note that English law
constitutes the foundation of both legal systems. If Novus’s claim for secret
profits is heard in Hong Kong, any suggestion centring on the possibility of
actual or apparent judicial bias is, in our view, wholly unjustified. Further,
this court has in the past emphasised the high regard that it places on the
maintenance of international comity. The words of Chao Hick Tin JA, delivering
the judgment of this court in _The Hung Vuong-2_ [2001] 3 SLR 146 at [27],
bear repeating:

We must point out at once that it is not for this court or any court in
Singapore to pass judgment on the competence or independence of the judiciary
of another country, all the more so of a friendly country. Comity between
nations would be gravely undermined if such a wholly invidious pursuit is
embarked upon.

28 In a related vein, in the Singapore High Court decision of _Q & M
Enterprises Sdn Bhd v Poh Kiat_ [2005] 4 SLR 494, it was observed thus (at
[25]):

The importance of international comity cannot be underestimated. The domestic
courts of each country must constantly remind themselves of this point – if
nothing else, because of the natural tendency towards favouring domestic law
over foreign law. In days of yore, the domestic legal system was probably the
main – if not sole – focus simply because in those days, jurisdictions on the
whole were less interconnected. So it is understandable if the focus was on
the domestic law, simply because the law of foreign jurisdictions was, in the
nature of things then, rarely raised. This is no longer the case.
Nevertheless, it ought to be emphasised that the signal importance of the
domestic legal system cannot be gainsaid either. Extreme positions on either
side of the legal spectrum ought to be avoided. For example, international
comity ought _not_ to be accorded if to do so would offend the public policy
of the domestic legal system (here, of Singapore). However, that having been
said, legal parochialism must also be eschewed. Such tunnel vision is, as I
have mentioned, no longer an option. It will only cause the legal system
adopting such a limited vision to atrophy, even in the medium-term, not to
mention the long-term. This will, of course, have detrimental effects on the
broader social structures, of which the law is an integral part. [emphasis in
original]

29 We would also like to take this opportunity to clarify that should a factor
such as “judge shopping” ever become relevant in future cases, it should be
considered at Stage 2 of the _Spiliada_ test. A caution set out by the learned
authors of a leading textbook in the conflict of laws is instructive: see Sir
Peter North & J J Fawcett, _Cheshire and North’s Private International Law_
(Butterworths, 13th Ed, 1999) (“ _Cheshire and North_ ”). They have noted that
a factor that brings into the equation issues of substantive justice may not
be easily categorised under Stage 1 or Stage 2 because there are different
types of injustice (at p 337):

One type goes to availability of the alternative forum and is considered at
the first stage of the _Spiliada_ inquiry; consequently the onus is on the
defendant to show that there is no such injustice. The other type does not go
to availability and is raised at the second stage of the inquiry; consequently
the onus is on the claimant to show circumstances by reason of which justice
demands that a stay should not be granted.

30 The learned authors favour the second approach where Stage 1 is only
concerned with whether the alternative forum abroad has jurisdiction to try
the case on its merits while _issues of substantial justice are left to Stage
2_. This appears to be the position adopted by the House of Lords in _Connelly
v RTZ Corporation Plc_ [1998] AC 854 (“ _Connelly_ ”), which was cited in
_Cheshire and North_ (at pp 341–342). In that case, the plaintiff was
domiciled in Scotland and worked in Namibia for a Namibian subsidiary of an
English company. He commenced proceedings in England against the company and
one of its English subsidiaries for negligence. The plaintiff was entitled to
financial assistance in England in the form of legal aid or a conditional fee
agreement, but no such assistance would be available for proceedings in
Namibia. The House of Lords decided that Namibia was the jurisdiction with
which the action had the closest connection so _prima facie_ , a stay should
be granted. It was only at Stage 2 that their Lordships characterised
_Connelly_ as an “exceptional case” inasmuch as its nature and complexity
meant that it could not be tried at all without the benefit of financial
assistance, therefore justice required that the stay should be refused.

31 Each case will present different issues of substantive justice and must be
judged according to its specific factual matrix. Suffice it to say that in our
view, a factor such as “judge shopping” is more appropriately considered at
Stage 2 since, by its very nature, it is invoked with the aim of having an
impact on the substantive outcome of the case itself.

**Conclusion**

32 In the premises, we allowed the appeal with costs here and below to Good
Earth. The costs in the substantive action will be the costs of the Hong Kong
proceedings provided they are commenced before 30 June 2008.

33 We would like to commend both counsel for their professionalism in the
conduct of this matter. They advanced their respective clients’ cases
persuasively without overlooking their (overriding) duty to assist the court.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 13 Mar 2008 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

