Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Comfort Resources Pte Ltd v Alliance Concrete Singapore Pte Ltd and Another
Suit  
[2008] SGHC 122

Case Number | : | Suit 601/2006, 604/2006  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 05 August 2008  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Lai Siu Chiu J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  John Seow and Lim Ming Yi (Drew & Napier LLC) for the plaintiff in Suit 601/2006 and defendant in Suit 604/2006; Winston Kwek and Eileen Lam (Rajah & Tann LLP) for the defendant in Suit 601/2006 and plaintiff in Suit 604/2006   
Parties | : |  Comfort Resources Pte Ltd — Alliance Concrete Singapore Pte Ltd   
  
Contract – Breach – Sale of goods – Plaintiff contracting to sell sand to
defendant buyer – Buyer failing to make timely payment and failing to order
minimum quantities of sand – Buyer claiming seller short delivered sand –
Whether buyer or seller in repudiatory breach of contract – What was test for
repudiation – Section 31(2) Sale of Goods Act (Cap 393, 1999 Rev Ed)  
  

5 August 2008 |  Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Lai Siu Chiu J:

1 These actions concern a dispute over a contract for the supply of sand
between two Singapore companies. Comfort Resources Pte Ltd (“Comfort”) is a
sand supplier and has its principal place of business at 51, Shipyard Road,
Singapore. It is a family business of the Tans (headed by Tan Seng) who have
another company called Sin Tung Resources Pte Ltd (“Sin Tung”) in the shipping
business. Alliance Concrete Singapore Pte Ltd (“Alliance”) which is a joint
venture between three parties, manufactures and supplies ready-mixed concrete
and has its place of business at 72, Sungei Kadut Street I, Singapore.
Alliance was a major customer of Comfort at the material time. Comfort obtains
its sand from its quarry at Dabo-Singkep (“the quarry”) in the Riau Islands,
Indonesia.

2 In Suit No. 601 of 2006 (“the first suit”) Comfort sued Alliance for
$401,448.79 for sand sold and delivered to Alliance in 2006 and for loss of
profits totalling $567,690.49 for sand Alliance under-ordered, pursuant to a
contract evidenced in a letter from Alliance to Comfort dated 27 January 2006
and which Comfort countersigned as acceptance on 6 February 2006 (“the
contract”).

3 In Suit No. 604 of 2006 (“the second suit”), Alliance sued Comfort for the
sum of $1,162,984.87 alternatively for damages, for losses incurred by
Alliance as a result of Comfort’s failure to supply contracted quantities of
sand to Alliance. Alliance alleged that Comfort had, by its letter dated 14
September 2006 stating it would not make further deliveries of sand,
repudiated the contract, which repudiation Alliance purportedly accepted by
its solicitors’ letter dated 15 September 2006.

4 On 15 January 2007, Comfort applied for summary judgment in respect of its
claim for the price of sand delivered to Alliance in May, June and July 2006
(“Comfort’s application”). Alliance similarly applied on 19 January 2007 for
(interlocutory) judgment with damages to be assessed (“Alliance’s
application”) for Comfort’s alleged repudiation of the contract. Both
applications came on for hearing on the same day before the Assistant
Registrar (“AR”). Comfort’s application was partly successful as the AR
granted the company final judgment in the sum of $287,430.27 for sand
delivered to Alliance in May and June 2006, but she granted Alliance
unconditional leave to defend $114,018.52 as that was the sum Alliance claimed
for alleged short-delivery by Comfort. The AR granted Comfort unconditional
leave to defend on Alliance’s application.

5 Both Comfort and Alliance appealed against the AR’s decisions. At the
hearing of both appeals, the judge reduced the judgment sum of Comfort from
$287,430.27 to $237,752.12 to take into account Alliance’s defence of set-off.
Alliance was also granted leave to defend the balance $163,696.67 ($401,448.79
- $237,752.12) claimed by Comfort provided it paid the amount into court. The
judge dismissed Alliance’s appeal. Alliance has since paid Comfort the
judgment sum as well as the sum of $163,696.67 into court.

6 Thereafter both suits were consolidated. The trial before me lasted seven
days and it was only to determine liability for which 18 witnesses testified.
In this judgment, I shall deal with the first suit as its outcome will decide
the fate of the second suit.

The facts

7 Under the contract, Alliance appointed Comfort as its subcontractor to
supply sand to its seven plants _viz_ (i) Sungei Kadut, (ii) Kaki Bukit, (iii)
Tampines, (iv) Queenstown, (v) Toa Payoh Rise, (vi) Keppel and (vii) Sentosa
(“the seven plants”) at prices that ranged from $11.00 to $14.00 per metric
ton.

8 The material clauses of the contract are the following:

**Clause 2 – Quantity**

[Comfort] shall supply an aggregate and deliver to [the seven plants] an
aggregate total quantity of 40,000 +/- 25% metric ton [sic] of sand every
month

**Clause 3 – Contract period**

1 February 2006 to 31 January 2007 (“the contract period”).

**Clause 8 – Terms of payment**

60 days from end of each month supply.

**Clause 10 – Liquidated damages**

In the event of failure by [Comfort] to deliver the quantity of aggregate as
stated in Clause 2 when conveyed by [Alliance] either orally or in writing
within the stipulated time of delivery, [Alliance] shall be entitled to
purchase the shortfall from the open market and any price difference plus
administration fee shall be charged to the account of [Comfort].

**Clause 11 – Force Majeure**

11.1 – [Comfort] shall not be liable for any failure to sell, deliver the said
aggregate or any loss, damage, injury or delay due to any cause beyond its
control including (without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing
expression) act of Government on the prohibition in the said operation and
export of aggregate by the Authorities on [Comfort]. strikes, fire, floods,
riots, loss at sea, or any act of God…

9 It emerged from the evidence adduced in court that besides ordering sand
from Comfort, Alliance also ordered sand during (part of) the contract period
from another supplier Lim Chye Heng Sand & Granite Pte Ltd (“LCH’) under a
similar contract (dated 23 February 2006 albeit for a shorter period of six
months until 31 August 2006) at 40,000 mt +/- 25% per month,. Alliance was
therefore contractually bound to order a minimum of 30,000 mt and a maximum of
50,000 mt from _both_ Comfort and LCH every month, between 1 March and 31
August 2006 when the two contracts overlapped. It was also not in dispute from
the evidence that only five of the seven plants in [7] ordered sand from
Comfort, unlike LCH’s contract. The Keppel and Sentosa plants of Alliance
never ordered sand from Comfort.

10 Contrary to clause 8 of the contract, Alliance did not pay Comfort for
supplies of sand within the stipulated 60 days of delivery. While deliveries
of sand were made every day (save for Sundays and public holidays), Alliance
was only invoiced weekly. In fact, for deliveries made in February, March and
April 2006, Comfort only received payment in 78, 91 and 82 days respectively
and even then it was only after repeated chasers by Comfort. Alliance’s poor
payment record was not only a cause for complaint by Comfort but allegedly
caused the latter to suffer severe cash-flow problems as Comfort paid its
suppliers and workers on cash and advance terms.

11 As a result, Comfort’s executive director, Tan Wan Fen (“Ms Tan”)
instructed Patrick Chua (“Chua”), Comfort’s marketing manager to meet Alliance
to press for payment of the outstanding invoices. In fact there were two
meetings between the parties, one held on 7 June 2006 (“the first meeting”)
and the other on 20 July 2006 (“the second meeting”).

12 The first meeting was attended by Ms Tan’s brother Tan Wei Leong (“Wei
Leong”) and Chua while Alliance was represented by its operations manager
Lincoln Lim (“Lincoln”). The parties had conflicting versions of what
transpired at the first meeting. According to Wei Leong (who had just
completed his law degree at National University of Singapore and who was
learning the ropes of the business from Chua), Chua (after introducing Wei
Leong to Lincoln as “the boss’ son”) inquired if Lincoln could do anything
about the late payments. Lincoln replied that Alliance was a merger of three
ready-mix concrete companies and were having problems merging their
computerised accounting systems. Lincoln then turned to Wei Leong (who was/is
not Comfort’s employee or director) and said “What are you going to do about
the shortage of delivery? ” Not being any the wiser, Wei Leong decided to
placate (he thought) an irate customer. Consequently, he did not deny the
accusation but expressed surprise and assured Lincoln that if there were short
deliveries, his father Tan Seng would make up for them.

13 Lincoln responded that Alliance could not absorb the losses. Instead of
Comfort making-up for the short-deliveries, Lincoln then suggested that the
contractual period be extended and added that he could offer another contract
to Comfort at a higher price. However, Lincoln said he could only make the
offer if he was told what the problems Comfort faced. When Wei Leong responded
he did not know, Lincoln apparently turned quite nasty and accused Comfort of
diverting supplies of sand to higher paying customers, which Wei Leong denied.
When Lincoln insisted that Comfort must have supply problems, Wei Leong (in
desperation according to him) placated Lincoln by saying he had overheard that
Comfort had encountered delay in starting a new quarry. The answer seemed to
please Lincoln who repeated his offer of a new but overlapping contract with
the contract. (Wei Leong’s written testimony also denied Lincoln’s subsequent
allegations [in support of Alliance’s application] that he had promised a
committed schedule of deliveries, nor had Wei Leong asked to roll-over the
contract).

14 When Wei Leong conveyed to his elder sister what transpired at the first
meeting, Ms Tan was agitated and angry; she informed him the allegation of
short delivery by Lincoln was both ridiculous and untrue as Comfort had
spare/idle capacity at its quarry and was desperate to sell more sand instead
of withholding supplies. Ms Tan explained that Comfort’s delay in starting a
new quarry had nothing to do with the contract as the quarry had more than a
year of supply left. However, Comfort could not carry out feasibility studies
for other quarry sites because of its tight cash-flow due to Alliance’s
failure to pay invoices promptly.

15 Ms Tan decided that Comfort would stop deliveries of sand to Alliance on 20
July 2006 before the second meeting, in order to put pressure on Alliance to
pay the outstanding invoices.

16 The second meeting was attended by Ms Tan and Shirley Chan Siew Kim
(“Shirley”), Comfort’s accountant. Alliance was again represented by Lincoln.
According to Comfort’s version of what transpired thereat, both ladies raised
the issue of the overdue invoices to Lincoln who merely said he would discuss
the matter with his management. Lincoln then accused Comfort of not delivering
enough sand to Alliance but in the next breath he said Alliance could not
absorb 40,000 mt per month and he requested Comfort to rollover the quantities
by extending the contract period. Lincoln then repeated his proposal of a new
contract for additional quantities of sand for another year, to run
concurrently with the contract (although it would end later) and for which he
was prepared to pay a higher price. However, he required written confirmation
first from Comfort on the alleged shortfalls as well as a schedule of
deliveries for the coming months.

17 Ms Tan was not interested in Lincoln’s proposals and demanded immediate
payment of the outstanding invoices. Lincoln replied Alliance had problems
with its own customers. Ms Tan threatened to publicise Alliance as a bad
paymaster in the market. Tempers flared as a result, Lincoln raised his voice
and countered that he too could be nasty. Ms Tan and Shirley then left.
According to Shirley, Alliance paid the April 2006 invoices on 21 July 2006
after the second meeting and only after she telephoned Lincoln to chase for
payment and after her warning that no further deliveries of sand would be made
to Alliance otherwise.

18 On or about 18 August 2006, Lincoln attempted to speak to Ms Tan. As she
was not available, he spoke to Shirley instead. Lincoln asked for written
confirmation on the alleged short supply and a committed schedule of supply
from Comfort. He asked for a meeting to thrash things out. Shirley suggested
he talked to Ms Tan instead. She pressed him on the May 2006 invoices which
were then already overdue by three weeks. Lincoln said he would look into the
matter and revert. He never did and Alliance did not pay the outstanding
invoices for May 2006 until directed to do so by order of court.

19 On 6 September 2006, Alliance wrote to Comfort (signed by Lincoln) alleging
the latter had short-delivered sand. The letter claimed that Comfort had
short-delivered sand from the inception of the contract and that the total
shortfall for the period February 2006 to January 2007 was 392,656 mt (based
on the contract quantity of 40,000 mt less the actual quantities delivered of
87,344 mt). The letter enclosed an earlier letter dated 2 August 2006 Alliance
had written to Comfort alleging short-deliveries.

20 Ms Tan acknowledged Alliance’s letter in Comfort’s letter dated 8 September
2006 but she did not respond to the allegation of short-delivery. Instead, she
repeated what she had said at the second meeting (and on the telephone in
numerous conversations) _viz_ that Alliance would not be making further
deliveries of sand until and unless Alliance paid for the deliveries already
made from May to July 2006 totalling $401,448.78 (“the outstanding sum”). She
concluded her letter with a warning that Comfort would treat Alliance’s
conduct as an intention not to perform the contract if it failed to pay the
outstanding sum by 12 September 2006.

21 Following upon the threat contained in Comfort’s letter in [19], Ms Tan
wrote to Alliance on 14 September 2006 to say it considered Alliance as having
repudiated the contract by its failure to pay the outstanding sum.

22 Comfort’s letter in [20] drew an immediate response from the solicitors for
Alliance whose letter dated 15 September 2006 denied that Alliance failed to
make payments promptly and alleged Comfort had short-delivered contracted
quantities of sand every month. The letter added that when they met, the
representatives of Comfort had apologised to his counterpart from Alliance for
the shortfall and had attributed it to delays in the commissioning of a new
quarry. The letter concluded with the assertion that Comfort was in
repudiatory breach of the contract in stopping deliveries of sand since August
2006 and that Alliance would be commencing proceedings forthwith against the
former.

23 Both companies commenced proceedings on the same date (15 September 2006)
although Comfort’s action (the first suit) was filed first.

The pleadings

**(i)_The first suit_**

24 In the first suit, Comfort alleged that Alliance’s repeated failure to
order the requisite contractual quantities every month under cl 2 and its
failure to pay for the May to July 2006 deliveries within the 60 day credit
terms under cl 8 evinced an intention to be no longer bound by the terms of
the contract. In the alternative, Comfort alleged that it had given Alliance
(by its letter dated 8 September 2006) a grace period until 12 September 2006
to make payment and Alliance had failed to do so. Comfort therefore accepted
Alliance’s breach by its letter dated 14 September 2006 (in [21]).

25 In the defence that it filed, Alliance not unexpectedly denied Comfort’s
allegations of short-orders and late payments. Alliance alleged it was Comfort
that had breached the contract by short deliveries. Alliance cited numerous
letters it had written to Comfort between March and September 2006 to support
its allegation.

26 Alliance alleged that at a meeting on 12 June 2006 (wrong date) which was
called for Chua’s introduction of Wei Leong to Lincoln, Alliance had raised
the subject of Comfort’s short deliveries, Wei Leong had apologised for the
problem, given the reason therefor (delay in the opening of a new quarry), and
he had promised to make up for the short deliveries as well as deliver
contracted quantities of sand in future. However, Comfort failed to keep its
word and was again in breach of contract. Alliance claimed that Comfort
neither mentioned nor pressed for payment at that first meeting.

27 Alliance alleged that the second meeting was also held to address Comfort’s
failure to deliver contracted quantities and that Comfort promised thereat to
again make up for the shortfall and to provide a written schedule of
deliveries of the shortfall quantities. In exchange, Alliance promised to pay
for quantities of sand delivered in April 2006 which it did pay promptly on 21
July 2006. However, Comfort failed to honour its agreement subsequently.

28 Alliance denied receiving Comfort’s letters variously dated in April, May
and June 2006 demanding payment of outstanding invoices. Alliance contended
that as at 21 July 2006, only the April 2006 deliveries of sand were due for
payment and that Comfort was not entitled at law to suspend deliveries for
late payment (which Alliance denied). Alliance asserted that at the date of
commencement of the first suit, payment for July 2006 deliveries was not yet
due.

29 Alliance pleaded a setoff against Comfort’s claim of so much of its own
claim in the second suit as was sufficient to extinguish Comfort’s claim.
Finally, in the event Alliance was found to be liable to Comfort in the first
suit, Alliance contended that Comfort’s claim for loss of profits should be
limited to a contractual base quantity of 30,000 mt (relying on cl 2 of the
contract).

30 In its Reply, Comfort averred that the fact Alliance sent the letters in
[25] to Comfort did not prove that Alliance had placed orders for the
contracted quantities of sand every month and that Comfort had short-
delivered. Comfort added that Alliance’s letters were no more than attempts to
roll-over the supplies, contrary to cl 2 of the contract. Comfort referred to
the first and second meetings in which Lincoln had admitted that Alliance did
not have the capacity to take delivery of the contract quantities every month
and had attempted to persuade Comfort to extend the delivery period in the
contract or enter into a new agreement to allow Alliance to spread the
deliveries over an additional year.

**(ii)_The second suit_**

31 The parties’ roles in the second suit were reversed as Alliance was the
plaintiff while Comfort was the defendant. It would not be necessary to refer
to the pleadings in the second suit as essentially, it was a rehash of the
parties’ pleadings and positions in the first suit.

The issue

32 The main issue that required the court’s determination in both suits is,
which party was in repudiatory breach of the contract? Was it Comfort because
it short-delivered (as Alliance claimed) or was it Alliance because it under
-ordered (as Comfort asserted)? Two subsidiary issues relate to whether
Alliance was in repudiatory breach of the contract for its failure to pay for
sand delivered in May to July 2006 and whether Comfort had the right to
suspend deliveries because of such non-payment by Alliance.

T**he evidence**

33 In order to prove that it did not short-deliver contracted quantities of
sand, Comfort called its weighbridge clerk Golam Mushid Moslem Uddin (“Golam”)
to testify. To support its contention that the quarry had enough capacity to
fulfil the contract, Comfort also called witnesses from Indonesia in
particular the plant supervisor of the quarry as well as a surveyor Andrew Yap
Chee Meng (“Andrew”) and the landlord of its rented place, where sand was
stored after it was discharged onto a jetty from barges that arrived from
Indonesia. From the jetty, the sand was trucked to and stockpiled on part of
plot A2 at Lorong Halus in Pasir Ris (“the yard”),which Comfort had subleased
from Sing Lian Huat Sand Quarry Pte Ltd (“SLH”). According to the evidence of
SLH’s executive director, Teo Hock Koon (“Teo”), SLH had in turn leased plot
A2 from the Building & Construction Authority (“BCA”).

34  On its part, Alliance called employees from its various plants to
substantiate its defence that Comfort short-delivered sand. These were:

(a) Low Swee Nam (DW2), logistics manager of the Kaki Bukit plant;

(b)**** Or Kiam Heng (DW3), operator of the Sungei Kadut plant;

(c)**** Chong Kwee Yong (DW4), supervisor of the Paya Lebar plant;

(d)**** Chu Kok Heng (DW5), foreman of the Paya Lebar plant;

(e)**** Tan Chze Huang (DW6), operations manager of the Tampines and eastern
sector plants.

(f)**** Tee Tiam Liong (DW7), foreman of the Tampines plant;

(g)**** Koh Boon Wah (DW8), superintendent of the Queenstown plant;

(h)**** Ng Yong Peng (DW9), foreman of the Queenstown plant;

(i)**** Lam Dar Ynan (DW10), superintendent of the Toa Payoh plant.

(j) Teh Boon Lai (DW11) foreman from the Toa Payoh plant.

Lincoln (DW1) testified along with the deputy director from the Strategic
Materials Department of the BCA. Alliance attempted unsuccessfully to call
Chua to testify on its behalf.

**_Comfort’s case_**

35 Golam (PW2) was stationed at the yard from which he accepted orders for and
despatched sand to customers. As Golam’s testimony was crucial to Comfort’s
defence (in the second suit) that it was not guilty of short-delivery, his
evidence merits detailed consideration. In his affidavit of evidence-in-chief
(“AEIC”), Golam explained his modus operandi. He would take telephone orders
from Comfort’s customers every morning. Orders were placed by the truckloads
and each truck carried on average 16 mt of sand. Golam would record the orders
in a standard form called the Daily Order Form (“the order forms”) which
comprised of a table with columns setting out the plants of various customers
(eg Sungei Kadut and Kaki Bukit in the case of Alliance) and rows to represent
the number of trucks required by the respective customers’ plants. When he
received an order for 20 truckloads, Golam would place a hex symbol at row 21
to signify that 20 loads were required. Later, as each loaded truck left the
site, Golam would note the licence plate. When Alliance cancelled orders after
placing them, Golam would note the cancellations by making a slash in the
order form against the loads ordered. Further, Golam would put another hex
symbol in the order form against the original load ordered to show the actual
number of loads that were delivered to Alliance. Based on Golam’s records of
Alliance’s cancellations, Comfort’s plant manager Tan Lee Chin would use a
computer to generate a cancellation list.

36 It was Golam’s testimony that Comfort would have a stockpile of 60,000 to
70,000 mt of sand at any time at the yard. Based on the records that he
maintained, Alliance was found to have under-ordered sand and it never
attained the contract quantities as can be seen from the following figures:

Month in 2006 |  Quantities ordered or despatched  
---|---  
Feb |  18,875.45  
Mar |  20,346.04  
Apr |  16,128.75  
May |  13,888.56  
June |  13,949.70  
July (up to 20 July) |  4,501.47  
  
Based on Comfort’s figures, Alliance was far off from the monthly contract
quantity of 40,000 mt stipulated under cl 2 of the contract (see [8]).

37**** The fact that Alliance did sometimes cancel its orders was not only not
disputed but confirmed by some of Alliance’s own witnesses (eg Tan Chze
Huang). Cancellations served to further reduce the quantities of sand ordered
by Alliance.

38 In its closing submissions, Alliance sought to discredit Golam’s testimony
by arguing _inter alia_ that the order forms were unreliable as they were not
contemporaneous records, there were erasures therein and the documents had
been tampered with. The erasures related to scribblings in the margins of the
order forms which (according to Golam) were personal notes that he or Tan Lee
Chin made. As the scribblings had nothing to do with the order forms, Golam
testified that he erased the telephone numbers or writings although some of
the scribbles were still visible in the order forms and were clearly
irrelevant.

39 Golam’s original order forms were produced for the court’s inspection and
one such erased scribbling seen therein was in Tan Lee Chin’s handwriting and
contained the words “total limit 75 loads” which Golam was unable to explain.
During cross-examination, counsel for Alliance suggested to Golam (which he
denied) that those words meant there were limits placed on the amount of sand
that was delivered. (This suggestion was repeated in Alliance’s closing
submissions).

40 In its closing submissions, Alliance also sought to draw an adverse
inference against Comfort for its failure to call Tan Lee Chin as a witness to
explain his above scribbling. Comfort countered that Alliance could equally
have subpoenaed Tan Lee Chin to testify if Comfort failed to do so, if it was
Alliance’s case that Comfort placed limits on deliveries of sand from the yard
(which Ms Tan denied). Comfort also submitted that it was unnecessary to call
Tan Lee Chin as a witness in any case because it was Golam’s evidence that Tan
Lee Chin only “filled in” for him (Golam) for brief periods when Golam was
away from his desk (eg for toilet breaks).

41 Alliance had also made much of a discrepancy – entries made on 18 February
2006 and 9 May 2006 by Golam in the order forms in relation to its Kaki Bukit
plant. The original order forms contained a slash against those dates for the
Kaki Bukit plant. However, in the copy exhibited in Ms Tan’s affidavit (for
Comfort’s application in [4]) the slash was missing. Comfort submitted that
there was nothing sinister in the discrepancy. It did not detract from the
fact that there were cancellations on those two dates, as verified by
Comfort’s cancellation list which showed there were indeed cancellations by
that plant on those days. Alliance suggested that the missing slash in the
copy exhibited in Ms Tan’s affidavit meant that the rows between the two hexes
represented short deliveries by Comfort.

42 Comfort argued that Alliance could have substantiated its allegation of
short delivery by producing its delivery records known as the Material Intake
Record Book (“the intake book”) for its Kaki Bukit and other plants but it did
not. I shall return to the issue of the intake book later.

43 Yet another accusation made by Alliance was that Comfort had generated at
least three sets of the order forms to support its contention of under-
ordering on the part of Alliance. As there was no evidence at all to support
this allegation it merits no further consideration.

44 To prove Comfort had adequate stocks of sand, staff from the firm of
Comfort’s local surveyor Andrew [33] measured the capacity of the yard and
confirmed the quantity of sand in Comfort’s stockpile at the yard as of 30
December 2005 and as of 29 December 2006 to be 43,314.7 and 52,124.7 cubic
metres respectively. Andrew’s Indonesia counterpart Nurhadi Budi Santoso
(“Nurhadi”), a marine manager from PT Vasco Bahari Inspection carried out a
similar survey on the stockpile at Dabo-Singkep on 27 December 2005 and 29
December 2006. It showed Comfort had 79,250 mt and 119,250 mt of sand at Dabo-
Singkep on 27 December 2005 and 29 December 2006 respectively. Alliance had
objected to Andrew’s testimony because he was not the maker of the two survey
reports that were prepared by his colleagues. However, Andrew testified he had
attended the December 2006 survey even though he did not prepare the survey
report.

45 One final attempt by Alliance to disprove Comfort’s claim that it had
enough stocks of sand to fulfil the contract was to subpoena BCA’s deputy
director Ng Cher Cheng (“Ng”) as its witness. At the material time there was a
regulation imposed by BCA on all its sand licensees to maintain a certain
minimum stockpile of sand for a period of at least 30 days. This requirement
equally applied to SLH whose licence from BCA contained a clause that it had
to maintain a stockpile of 135,000 mt of sand. Ng (DW12) confirmed that if the
stockpile size was not maintained for any 3 consecutive months, BCA would
impose a fine on SLH. He revealed that as SLH failed to maintain the stockpile
in the months of February to April 2006, BCA imposed a fine of $40,991.77 on
the company (see exhibit D2).

46 Ng’s testimony contradicted that of the executive director of SLH (Teo)
when the latter was cross-examined. Teo (PW7) had then said SLH was not fined
in 2006. Counsel for both parties traded arguments and counter arguments on
whether Teo lied and whether Comfort’s closing submissions were misleading in
that regard. Alliance in my view made (unnecessarily) a mountain out of a
molehill.

47 Alliance sought to prove that the mandatory requirement of a stockpile of
135,000 mt of sand meant that Comfort could not/would not have had enough
stock to deliver 40,000 mt of sand every month to Alliance. In fact, Alliance
went so far as to question the existence and the legality of Comfort’s
sublease from SLH because of lack of documentation.

**_Alliance’s case_**

48 As stated earlier [34], Alliance called employees from each of its five
plants that ordered sand from Comfort, to testify to the latter’s short-
deliveries. Each and every one of those seven witnesses gave the same
testimony on the common operating procedure practised by Alliance at its
plants. It would not be necessary therefore to review the individual
testimonies of these witnesses. I have singled out the evidence of three
employees because their evidence involved documentation, unlike the other
witnesses.

49 I refer in particular to the evidence of Tan Chze Huang (“Tan”) who at the
material time was the operations manager of Alliance and whose
responsibilities covered the Tampines plant as well as the overseeing of the
operations of its other plants in the eastern sector.

50 In Tan’s written testimony (as well as in the AEICs of the other plant
personnel of Alliance), he deposed that Lincoln would email to each plant its
monthly material quota, setting out the percentage of raw materials that the
particular plant would order from suppliers. The printout of Lincoln’s email
would then be forwarded to the foreman (who was Tee Tiam Liong in the case of
Tampines plant) for the actual ordering to be done. The plant operator would
telephone the supplier’s weighbridge clerk at around 9am every morning to
place orders for sand; the quantity purchased varied depending on the
remaining stockpile from the previous night’s/day’s production as well as the
orders for concrete placed by Alliance’s customers and the projected
production volume for the particular day. If the sand ordered was not
delivered by lunch time, Alliance would chase the supplier’s weighbridge
clerk. If the supplier failed to deliver at all, Tan would be informed by Tee
Tiam Liong and in turn he would inform Lincoln if the failure persisted.

51 Tan (DW6) deposed that he was informed by his subordinates that since early
2006, Comfort had consistently failed to supply quantities of sand ordered by
Alliance and/or make up for shortfalls in quantities delivered. He claimed to
have called up Chua (Comfort’s sales manager) who purportedly told Tan that
the short-deliveries were due to Comfort not having enough trucks. Tan also
claimed to have written countless letters to Comfort on the short-deliveries
of sand and having asked the company to increase its supply but he received no
response. As a result (so Tan alleged), Alliance was forced to buy more sand
from its other supplier LCH [9] so as to be able to fulfil orders for ready-
mixed concrete from its customers. In support of his allegations, Tan’s AEIC
exhibited copies of Alliance’s materials receipt book (“the receipt book”) and
daily despatch records of its Tampines plant.

52 I turn next to the evidence adduced during Tan’s lengthy cross-examination.
Together with Lincoln’s testimony, Tan’s cross-examination was a crucial
determinant on the bona fides of Alliance’s defence and/or claim.

53 Questioned on how he knew Comfort had short-delivered sand, Tan explained
that at the end of every month, he would consolidate the figures for both
Comfort and LCH. Based on the sand they had supplied and compared with
Lincoln’s quota for the month, he would be able to tell who had under-
delivered.

54 Counsel for Comfort drew Tan’s attention to the many letters he wrote on
Alliance’s behalf to Comfort in [50]. The letters variously dated between 15
March 2006 and 24 May 2006 merely stated that Comfort had “failed to fulfil
[Alliance’s] daily required quantity of sand since [month] 2006”. In none of
the correspondence was the quantity allegedly short-delivered by Comfort
stated; neither was Tan told the quantities by his staff. The first mention of
the shortfall was in Tan’s letter dated 13 July 2006 where he complained that
Comfort had only delivered 544 mt of sand in June 2006 as compared to an
average of 4,000 mt in previous months. In Comfort’s closing submissions for
the second suit however (para 100), it was pointed out that in the order forms
for the period 1- 22 June 2006, Golam’s records showed that the Tampines plant
placed no orders at all save for one truckload on 8 June 2006. Yet Comfort was
delivering sand to Alliance’s other plants during the same period. It made no
commercial sense for Comfort to deliver only 544 mt or not deliver sand at all
to the Tampines plant, unless in truth Alliance only ordered 544 mt or did not
order at all.

55 Tan was referred by Comfort’s counsel to entries from the receipt book of
Tampines (which original was produced in court). One entry therein was for 24
April 2006 which recorded that Alliance received 101.04 tons of sand from
Comfort (equivalent to about 6 truckloads @ 101.04 ÷ 16 tons per truck).
However, in the orders column, the number 15 appeared. The original receipt
book showed that the number 6 had been blanked out with corrective fluid and
the number 15 substituted. Furthermore, while the original entries were
written in blue ink, the number 15 was written in black ink. Far more
interesting was the fact that the original number 6 corresponded with Golam’s
entry for 24 April 2006 in the order forms.

56 Counsel for Comfort highlighted other entries in the original receipt book.
It did not need a forensic scientist to confirm there had been tampering and
alteration of the original entries – the handwriting of the alterations and/or
the ink used was different from the original. Invariably, the original numbers
were substituted by higher figures. One example was the entry for 27 April
2006 (at DB 4334) where the original order of 21 trucks had been altered to
30. The numeral 21 corresponded to Golam’s record in the order form for 27
April 2006. The same method of tampering was repeated in other entries brought
to the court’s attention (see N/E 362 to 375) including but not limited to
those for 15, 23, 25, 28 May, 1-10 June and 1, 5, 7, 10, 27 July 2006. Tan was
not aware (until he was informed by counsel for Comfort) that 28 May 2006 was
a Sunday. Yet Alliance’s records showed (at DB 4251) that Comfort had failed
to deliver 20 trucks of sand purportedly ordered that Sunday. This should be
contrasted with the order forms of Comfort exhibited in Golam’s AEIC (as
GMU-1) which contained no entries whatsoever for any Sundays. It was also
Golam’s testimony (which was not challenged) that there were no deliveries of
sand on Sundays as the yard would be closed.

57 Despite being confronted with the above fabricated evidence and
notwithstanding two warnings from the court (at N/E 370-373), Tan (at N/E 375)
maintained his denial that the receipt book for the Tampines plant had been
tampered with in order to support Alliance’s case against Comfort. I would add
that Tan was not the maker of the receipt book which entries were made by Tan
Peng Leong (and confirmed by Tee Tiam Liong) who was not called to testify.
Indeed, Tan had no direct knowledge of Comfort’s short deliveries save for
what Tan Peng Leong told him.

58 In re-examination, counsel for Alliance attempted to repair the damage to
his client’s case by pointing out that LCH delivered sand on Sundays. This
evidence (as the court pointed out to counsel), did nothing to reinforce
Alliance’s allegation of short-delivery against Comfort for the reason that
LCH’s practice was irrelevant to how Comfort conducted its own business.

59 When counsel for Alliance (Mr Kwek) addressed the court (after Tan had been
cross-examined), he sought to justify the “corrections” to the receipt book
(he disagreed it was tampering) on the basis (at N/E 379) that “the
corrections reflect the dynamic and fluid nature of the verbal ordering
process”. Counsel then referred to some order forms prepared by Golam (in
exhibit GMU-1) to prove his point – that Golam’s records tallied with the
figures in the receipt book and there was nothing sinister in the first digit
of number being outside the column for “numbers”. Unfortunately, Mr Kwek’s
explanation overlooked Golam’s testimony (at N/E 26 and see [35]) that
Alliance would cancel orders it had placed in the morning and the
cancellations would be reflected in the order forms in the reduced number of
trucks delivered by Comfort to the various plants including Tampines. In other
words (as the court pointed out to Tan at N/E 376), cancellations due to rain
or other factors would result in a _decrease_ not an _increase_ in the orders
placed with Comfort for the day, let alone double digit increases. One need
not be a Sherlock Holmes to see that the first digit of the two digit numbers
had been added on to the existing number _outside_ the columns for “numbers”.
As I had commented earlier [56], the tampering of the receipt book was
invariably to increase the truckloads ordered.

60 I turn next to Lincoln’s testimony. Lincoln’s testimony (in cross-
examination) necessitated close scrutiny because of the pivotal role he played
in the events leading up to and in, Alliance’s claim. As Alliance’s operations
manager, Lincoln was responsible for deciding the amount of materials the
various plants should order from suppliers including Comfort. Further, he
wrote the letter of 6 September 2006 on behalf of Alliance to Comfort alleging
the latter had short-delivered 392,656 mt of sand between February and
September 2006. Surprisingly, despite his crucial role, Lincoln’s written
testimony was barely 18 pages long, was sorely lacking in details (on
Comfort’s alleged short deliveries) and it was exhibits (most of which were of
no assistance to the court) that took up the remaining pages of his 225 page
AEIC.

61 It was equally noteworthy that Lincoln’s own table (at p 31 of his AEIC)
showed that Alliance was tardy in its payment of Comfort’s invoices. On the
average, Alliance paid Comfort’s invoices four months or later, after the
invoicing dates, never 60 days from the end of the supply month as stipulated
under cl 8 of the contract [8]. Lincoln’s excuse was that in the previous
course of dealings between Supermix Concrete Pte Ltd (“Supermix”) (who was one
of the three parties in the joint-venture of Alliance), Supermix (not Comfort)
extended the terms of payment from 60 to 90 days. During cross-examination (at
N/E 245), Lincoln claimed that it was industry practice to pay within 90 days
notwithstanding that the contract stipulated 60 days. I reminded him (at N/E
253) this argument had been canvassed by Alliance in the courts below and had
been rejected.

62 In his AEIC (para 9), Lincoln had also claimed that 0.85 mt of sand was a
component required for every cubic metre of ready-mix concrete but had no
evidence to corroborate his statement. Similarly, apart from Lincoln’s bare
statement, Alliance did not produce any documents to support his claim that
Alliance required an average of 66,597.89 mt of sand per month based on
Lincoln’s computation 0.85 mt. It was also Lincoln’s testimony that Alliance
looked to LCH to make up for Comfort’s shortfall in deliveries.

63 During cross-examination, counsel for Comfort produced (see document “A”
which revised version then became exhibit P5) a table he had assiduously
prepared, showing deliveries of sand by Comfort and LCH to the five plants in
question at the material time. The table in exhibit P5 was based _entirely_ on
the documents of either Alliance or LCH, including the receipt book in [54]
and incorporated the figures in para 19 of Lincoln’s AEIC. As Counsel pointed
out, exhibit P5 was a convoluted way of showing the amount of sand that
Alliance needed; it was a retrospective calculation based on the quantities of
ready-mix concrete actually produced and relied on Lincoln’s bare assertion
that (approximately) 0.85 mt of sand was required for every cubic metre of
ready-mix concrete. It would have been simpler had Alliance produced its
records to show the _actual_ quantities of sand used in production but this
was never done.

64 Even so, based on exhibit P5, Lincoln’s claim that Alliance needed an
average of 66,597.89 mt sand per month was not borne out – instead, it was
clear therefrom that Alliance only used on average 48,116.70 mt every month
for the five plants in question. Lincoln gave an incoherent explanation (at
N/E 224) that Alliance had also used M sand or manufactured sand and such
usage lowered/affected the quantities ordered from Comfort and/or LCH. I was
sceptical of Lincoln’s explanation -- there was little doubt on the figures
Comfort extracted from Alliance’ own records, that Alliance consistently
breached its contractual obligation to order 60,000 to 100,000 mt of sand from
_both_ Comfort and LCH between February and June 2006. What was even more
remarkable was Lincoln’ admission during cross-examination (at N/E 214) that
he did not track what the various plants received from each supplier! That was
surprising. Without such vital information, how could Alliance know that
Comfort had short delivered its orders of sand?

65 Mr Seow had earlier informed the court that Alliance had strenuously
resisted Comfort’s prior application for discovery of the raw data (_viz_ the
receipt records) for the quantities of sand received from Comfort. Lincoln’s
lame explanation to the court was that the receipt book was not “relevant”
even though Alliance relied on the information contained therein to prepare
(in spreadsheet format) the monthly summaries of materials purchased by the
five plants (as exhibited at pp 53 to 111 in Lincoln’s AEIC).

66 As to why Alliance did not have records like the receipt book at its other
plants (apart from Toa Payoh, Tampines and Queenstown), Lincoln’s excuse was
it did not occur to Alliance to retain the records (other than keeping records
for three months for ISO classification) because the company did not foresee
there would be any dispute between the parties. Pressed by counsel on why
Alliance destroyed some but not all of the daily reports of material ordering
forms (“the F-10 forms”) as the company kept those for Toa Payoh and
Queenstown from February to July 2006 but discarded those from August 2006 for
all five plants, Lincoln was unable to give any satisfactory answer. It should
be noted that discarding the documents was against Alliance’s interests as, if
its claim in the second suit was bona fide, the evidence would have supported
its contention that Comfort short-delivered its orders of sand.

67 Comfort informed the court that in Alliance’s first supplementary list of
documents filed on 10 December 2007, Alliance claimed that the rest of the
F-10 forms for Toa Payoh and Queenstown plants for the period 1 August 2006 to
31 January 2007 and the F-10 forms for the other three plants for the period 1
February 2006 to 31 January 2007 were last in their possession before 1 May
2007. However Alliance had commenced the second suit earlier (on 15 September
2006). Yet, Lincoln denied counsel’s suggestion that the documents were
deliberately destroyed so that Alliance’s failure to order contracted
quantities of sand from Comfort would not be discovered.

68 Despite repeated questioning by Comfort’s counsel as well as the court (at
N/E 231- 235) not to mention pointing out to him that Alliance bore the burden
of proof, Lincoln was unable to explain why in all Alliance’s letters to
Comfort as well as in Alliance’s own records, there were no figures evidencing
short deliveries. It was equally significant that Alliance never once notified
Comfort in its letters of the additional cost Alliance allegedly incurred in
procuring make-up quantities of sand from LCH. Lincoln’s excuse that it was
because he only wanted the sand (N/E 236) was lame and unconvincing.

69 Mr Seow had prepared a second table (exhibit P4) to reinforce his point in
[65]. Exhibit P4 was based on Alliance’s daily purchase summaries as shown in
pages 53 to 111 of Lincoln’s AEIC. Again, the figures showed that between
February and July 2006, the greatest quantity of sand that Alliance ordered
was in July 2006 (of 53,177.04 mt) with a monthly average of 46,835.37 mt
which was nowhere near the 60,000 to 100,000 mt it should have ordered from
both suppliers (see [9] above). An interesting fact that emerged from the
table was that Alliance consistently ordered more sand from LCH than from
Comfort. I found this strange as a quick comparison of the prices charged by
Comfort and LCH in their respective contacts with Alliance showed the
following:

Plants |  Comfort’s price |  LCH’s price  
---|---|---  
(a) Sungei Kadut |  $12.40 |  $13.00  
(b) Kaki Bukit |  $11.40 |  $12.40  
(c) Tampines |  $11.00 |  $11.90  
(d) Queenstown |  $12.20 |  $13.10  
(e) Toa Payoh |  $12.00 |  $12.80  
(f) Keppel |  $13.60 |  $13.10  
(g) Sentosa |  $14.00 |  $13.70  
  
70 While it was perfectly understandable for Alliance to order sand from LCH
for its Keppel and Sentosa plants (as LCH’s pricing was lower than Comfort’s),
it made no commercial sense for Alliance to order more sand from LCH for its
other five plants when Comfort’s prices were lower – in the case of Kaki
Bukit, the price differential was $1.00. According to exhibit P4, in the
months of April, May and June 2006, Alliance ordered a total of 22,688.79 mt
of sand for its Kaki Bukit plant from LCH as against 10,605.01 mt from
Comfort; the difference of 12,083.78 mt translated into extra cost of
$12,083.78 for Alliance.

71 Alliance’s inexplicable decision to buy sand from LCH instead of from
Comfort for its five plants directly contradicted Lincoln’s AEIC where he said
(in para 14):

As there will be differences in the prices contracted by the various
suppliers, we will, as a business decision, order more sand from the supplier
contracted at lower prices. It does not stand to business economics or reason
for Alliance to do otherwise.

72 It would be appropriate at this juncture to turn my attention to Alliance’s
claim pertaining to additional purchases of sand from LCH arising out of
Comfort’s alleged breach. Lincoln had exhibited to his AEIC (at p 159) an
alleged “quotation” from LCH dated 10 July 2006 stating prices would be
increased from 1 July 2006 for deliveries to all seven plants of Alliance,
over and above the contracted 40,000 mt. Mr Seow pointed out that LCH’s
contract (at [9]) entitled Alliance to order up to 50,000 mt until 31 August
2006; hence LCH’s purported price increase for orders after 40,000 tons was
unjustified. Lincoln was unable to offer any explanation for this discrepancy
and finally took refuge in the excuse that he could not remember.

73 Alliance’s case was not improved by the testimony of the superintendent of
its Toa Payoh plant, Lam Dar Ynan (‘Lam”). Lam (DW10) produced the Toa Payoh
plant’s F-10 forms as well as the plant’s intake book, which was similar to
the receipt book of the Tampines plant and purportedly showed Comfort’s short-
deliveries.

74 Lam testified that the F-10 forms for the Toa Payoh plant captured all the
orders placed by the plant but not cancellations. However, he was unable to
say where cancellations were recorded. Nor could he explain or produce
documentation pertaining to extra quantities of sand his plant ordered to
cover Comfort’s repeated default, although there were numerous entries in the
F-10 forms indicating Comfort short-delivered which shortfalls were covered by
LCH. Cross-examined, Lam also insisted (at N/E 442-443) that Comfort operated
on Sundays; there were entries in the F-10 forms indicating Comfort failed to
make deliveries on two Sundays 12 March 2006 and 28 July 2006 as well as on 14
April 2006 which was a public holiday (Good Friday). Although Golam’s order
form for 18 April 2006 showed the Toa Payoh plant did not order sand at all,
the F-10 forms recorded that 25 trucks were ordered that day but Comfort only
delivered 10 trucks.

75 What was even more remarkable was the fact that the Toa Payoh plant
appeared not to have placed any orders for sand with LCH – all supplies that
came from LCH were purportedly to compensate for Comfort’s short deliveries.
Mr Seow drew Lam’s attention to Lincoln’s email dated 12 July 2006 addressed
to all plants’ foremen/supervisors (including Lam) stating that for the month
of July 2006, the Toa Payoh plant should order sand 40:60 in favour of Comfort
and LCH respectively. Yet, according to the F-10 forms (which Comfort’s
counsel condensed into exhibit P2), Lam had sometimes placed no orders with
LCH or had ordered less than 10% of Lincoln’s quota from LCH with the balance
90% being supposedly ordered from Comfort.

76 As with the receipt book of the Tampines plant, the original F-10 forms
(see N/E 454) showed initial figures had been blanked off by corrective fluid
and substituted with other numbers. It transpired that Lam (who admitted to it
at N/E 457) copied entries from another source and when he mistakenly repeated
data of 2 March 2006 in the entries for 3 March 2006, he used corrective
liquid to rectify his error.

77 Counsel had referred Lam to Lincoln’s letter dated 6 September 2006 to
Comfort (at 1AB46) wherein Alliance used 40,000 mt as the basis of calculating
Comfort’s alleged shortfalls in deliveries between February and September
2006. The court pointed out to Lam that under cl 2 of the contract [8],
Alliance was entitled to order as little as 30,000 mt or as much as 50,000 mt
per month. Consequently, there was no basis for Alliance to arbitrarily use
40,000 mt as the starting point to calculate Comfort’s shortfalls. Alliance
would need to use actual quantities it ordered from Comfort as the basis of
calculation. However as in Lincoln’s case, Lam (despite repeated questioning
by Mr Seow and the court) could not produce records of the orders the Toa
Payoh plant placed with Comfort during the contract period (up to July 2006)
nor could he provide any explanation for the omission.

78 Mr Seow had obtained discovery from Alliance of LCH’s delivery orders (see
PB1248-1483) based upon which he painstakingly prepared a summary (see exhibit
P3) of deliveries made by LCH. He compared them with the records in the F-10
forms. Exhibit P3 showed that sand was delivered by LCH from as early as
8.48am. That being the case, the deliveries could not possibly have been to
compensate for Comfort’s shortfalls since logically, such deliveries would
only have been made in the afternoons (see Tan’s testimony in [51] above)
after Alliance had pressed Comfort to deliver and the latter failed to do so
by lunchtime. It is also noteworthy that save for the letter dated 11 August
2006 written by Tan, Alliance’s monthly letters to Comfort never once
mentioned it had procured the undelivered supplies from LCH.

79 The answers given by Lam during cross-examination on entries in the F-10
forms were highly unsatisfactory while the (original) book of the Toa Payoh
plant containing the F-10 forms produced in court was in an usually pristine
condition. I therefore find little probative value in the documents. My
conclusion is reinforced by Lam’s admission that he was asked by his
management to pad up the numbers for Alliance’s orders from Comfort. In fact,
Lam finally admitted (at N/E 473) that not only were the F-10 forms fabricated
in its entirety but that it was done at the behest of his “management”. I
surmise that “management” must mean Lincoln whom I found to be a wholly
unreliable witness who consistently prevaricated when cross-examined and whose
version of what transpired at the two meetings with Comfort in [12] and [16] I
do not accept.

80 I should add that the testimony of Alliance’s other witnesses from its
plants was equally unsatisfactory. Low Swee Nam (“Low”) and Or Kiam Heng
(‘Or”), Alliance’s logistics manager and operator respectively, from its
Sungei Kadut plant had similarly testified that the plant had no documents to
evidence the quantity of sand ordered from Comfort. While Low testified that
the Sungei Kadut plant never used F-10 forms at all since 2006, Or
contradicted him by saying that during the relevant period, F-10 forms were
used but they had since been discarded. Yet without any documentation, Low was
able to recall from memory that Comfort delivered less to the plant than what
Alliance ordered.

81 The Kaki Bukit plant similarly had no documentary evidence to prove that
Comfort delivered less sand than Alliance ordered. In any case, Chong Kwee
Yong and Chu Kok Heng, the plant’s supervisor and foreman respectively who
testified, were not the persons who placed orders for sand with Comfort; the
task was assigned to Tay Teck Ching and/or David who were not called as
witnesses. Golam’s AEIC (at para 15) had identified “Mr Tay” and “David” as
the persons who placed orders for sand from Kaki Bukit which evidence Alliance
not only did not challenge, but appeared to corroborate by the plant’s
aforementioned personnel.

82 As for the Queenstown plant, Koh Boon Wah (“Koh”), its superintendent
claimed that his F-10 forms were the only available contemporaneous records of
the orders placed with Comfort. Unfortunately, as in the case of the Tampines
plant’s F-10 forms, Koh’s documents were unreliable and their authenticity was
questionable. The original F-10 forms produced in court (see N/E 425) were
also in pristine condition. Notwithstanding Koh’s denials, all the entries
were written with the same pen and they did not appear to be contemporaneous
records.

The findings

_Did Comfort short deliver to Alliance or did Alliance under-order sand?_

83 I had said more than once to Alliance’s witnesses from its various plants
(as well as to Lincoln), that the only way the company could prove that
Comfort had short delivered its orders of sand was to compare the orders it
had _initially_ placed with Comfort against the _actual_ deliveries made by
Comfort. However, not one of these witnesses was able to produce any credible
evidence to this effect. The documentary evidence that was actually produced
by way of the F-10 forms was manufactured in is entirety while the receipt
book for the Tampines plant had been doctored along with the intake book from
the Toa Payoh plant. That was why at the hearings below (and in the
Registrar’s Appeals therefrom) of the parties’ applications for summary
judgment, Alliance offered no evidence to support its allegation of short
deliveries.

84 I found it strange that some documents survived for the contract period for
the three plants when similar records for the other two plants had been
destroyed. Lincoln’s explanation for this misnomer was patently incredible.
The testimony of the witnesses from the various plants was either based on
hearsay or, in the case of Tan, Lam and Koh, discredited by the tampering of
the documentary evidence they produced.

85 Further, despite Comfort’s alleged failure to deliver in full the
quantities Alliance ordered every month, not once in Tan’s numerous letters to
the company was there mention of the actual tonnages. There is therefore more
than a ring of truth in Ms Tan’s allegation (in para 45 of her AEIC) that Tan
and Lincoln wrote the many self-serving letters to Comfort in order to leave a
paper trial to prop up Alliance’s case. I am certain that the contents of
those letters were wholly untrue.

86 On the other hand, Comfort’s records of the deliveries it made to Alliance
by the order forms maintained by Golam were contemporaneous and accurately
reflected the orders placed by all five plants of Alliance. Golam was
forthright and steadfast in his testimony (albeit his command of English was
limited) and his evidence was consistent with Alliance’s own documents (_viz_
the original receipt and intake books) before they were altered. Unlike Tan,
Lam and Koh, Golam had a logical and credible explanation for erasures in the
margins of the order forms (see [38]). In any case, unlike the tampered
documents of Alliance, the erasures did not _affect_ or _alter_ the contents
of the order forms. In this regard, I reject the submissions that the order
forms had been tampered with and should not be given credence. Alliance had
the gall to make this accusation when it was guilty of blatant tampering of
its own records.

87 Consequently, I find that on a balance of probabilities, Comfort has proved
its claim that it delivered to Alliance all quantities of sand the latter
ordered. Conversely, Alliance has failed to discharge the burden to prove that
Comfort short delivered its orders.

_Did Comfort have sufficient supplies of sand to meet the contract?_

88 While my above findings are sufficient to dispose of the first suit which
would in turn determine the outcome of the second suit, I shall for
completeness, deal with peripheral issues that arose in the course of the
trial. One such issue was whether Comfort had sufficient quantities of sand to
meet its contractual obligations.

89 There is no dispute that Comfort obtained its supply of sand from the
quarry [44] which it claimed to own beneficially. Comfort’s evidence was that
surveys conducted at the quarry as well as at its yard in Singapore confirmed
that the company had adequate stocks of sand (in excess of 100,000 mt) before
the commencement and after the expiry, of the contract period. It was also Ms
Tan’s evidence that Comfort’s sister company Sin Tung would ship in sand from
the quarry by barges to replenish its stock in Singapore as and when required.

90 Alliance in its closing submissions (see paras 25 to 54) for the first suit
raised a whole host of reasons for its contrary submission (even to the extent
of disregarding the actual evidence adduced in court when it submitted that
Comfort must have purchased sand from other sand suppliers in a rising
market). First, Alliance questioned Comfort’s ownership of the quarry
submitting no evidence was produced by way of proof. Next, Alliance contended
that Comfort could not have had a stockpile at the yard because the survey
report of Andrew did not show the sand belonged to Comfort (not to mention
that his survey did not prove that Comfort had sufficient sand at the yard in
the period February to April 2006). Even if Comfort stored its sand at the
yard, Alliance argued that the company’s stockpile could not be used to fulfil
Comfort’s contractual obligations given the requirement imposed by BCA for a
minimum stockpile of 135,000 mt of sand to be maintained (see [45] above).

91 Alliance added that Comfort was not the lessee or sub-lessee of the yard in
any event. Teo was described by Alliance as an untruthful witness and his
evidence of an informal arrangement between Comfort and SLH for the former to
stockpile its sand at the yard leased by the latter from BCA was said to be
inherently incredible. Comfort countered Alliance’s arguments by referring to
Golam’s testimony that 60,000 -70,000 mt of sand would be stockpiled at the
yard and was available at any time.

92 Alliance’s submission in [91] conveniently overlooked Ms Tan’s testimony.
Granted, Teo said that Comfort’s sublease of part of the yard was an informal
arrangement (because of the friendship between Teo and Ms Tan’s father Tan
Seng). However, Ms Tan had testified (at N/E 121) that SLH would invoice and
Comfort would pay for, half the rent and utilities incurred for the yard. The
invoices of SLH as well as Comfort’s payment vouchers were produced in court
for inspection (see N/E 133 and documents at PB976-1122) and Alliance’s
counsel did not question them. Why would Comfort incur such expenses unless it
did indeed rent half the yard from SLH?

93 As for the regulatory stockpile requirement, Comfort pointed out (quite
rightly) that Comfort was under no constraints by the BCA to comply with the
stockpile requirement which only applied to SLH as the official lessee of the
yard. However, it was also Ms Tan’s testimony (which I accepted) that if
Comfort could assist SLH, it would do so to help maintain that mandatory
stockpile; BCA took into consideration the whole of the yard for the stockpile
requirement and not half the plot retained by SLH. In any case, Ms Tan pointed
out (at N/E 152 and which was confirmed by the testimony of Ng from BCA [at
N/E 492]) the stockpile requirement was not a daily necessity but spread over
three months so that strictly speaking, SLH/Comfort could sell off their
entire stock of sand at the yard one day and replenish it on the following day
without being penalised by BCA. In my view, counsel for Alliance spent an
unnecessary and inordinate amount of time in cross-examining Ms Tan on this
issue which was a complete red herring as far as I was concerned.

94 It is a measure of Alliance’s desperation that it clutched at straws in
mounting arguments that were completely irrelevant to its obligation under cl
2 of the contract to order a minimum quantity of sand from Comfort every month
during the contract period. Consequently, the fact that SLH was fined by the
BCA for failing to maintain the regulatory stockpile has no relevance to and
has no impact on Comfort’s case that Alliance under-ordered sand.

95 Once Comfort had proven that Alliance was the party in breach, it was no
answer for Alliance to say that Comfort would not have had the capacity to
deliver the contracted quantities let alone raise extraneous and irrelevant
arguments (in its closing submissions) that Comfort’s obligation to do
community work in 2006 at villages near the quarry hampered its quarry
operations. Alliance had relied in this regard on the testimony of Billy
Lugianto [“Lugianto”], the plant supervisor of the quarry. It was a quantum
leap in logic for Alliance to say Comfort’s production of sand was “hampered’
by such community projects merely because Lugianto (PW4) deposed in his AEIC
that Comfort found it difficult to refuse requests from community
heads/leaders to assist in the construction of mosques and other buildings.

96 Alliance (in another act of desperation) pounced on Lugianto’s deposition
in his AEIC (para 3) to contend that the quarry was not owned by Comfort but
by an Indonesian company called PT Tri Ratna Sakti Perkasa (“PTRSK”). I note
however that Lugianto identified PTRSK as the owner/operator of the quarry
which he referred to as the plaintiff’s (Comfort’s) who was his employer.
Further, (as Comfort submitted) it did not lie in the mouth of Alliance to
take issue with Comfort’s ownership of the quarry when the point was not
pleaded nor was it raised with Ms Tan or any other witness of Comfort. I
accept Comfort’s submission (para 102) that Alliance was precluded by the rule
in _Browne v Dunne_ (1893) 6 R 67 from now raising the issue in its
submissions. In other words, as Alliance failed to challenge Comfort’s
ownership of the quarry during cross-examination of Ms Tan, it is too late to
do so now in its closing submissions. In any case, there is no necessity for
Comfort to prove it must own a quarry before it can supply sand.

97 I conclude my findings with the observation that unlike Comfort’s witnesses
whom I found to be generally truthful and honest, Alliance’s witnesses (save
for Ng from BCA) had no scruples about lying on oath (to the extent that they
filed identical AEICs) and were prepared to fabricate or alter documents for
their employer, conduct which to say the least was deplorable. I reject as
untrue Alliance’s convenient defence (in [28]) that it did not receive
Comfort’s letters sent between April and June 2006 chasing for payment. It
defies belief that our very efficient postal authorities would fail to deliver
not one but all letters forwarded to a local addressee over a period of three
months.

The law

98 It was Comfort’s case that Alliance, by its repeated action of delaying
payment to Comfort beyond the credit period of 60 days (see [8]) and its
failure to order the minimum tonnage of 40,000 mt every month between February
and June 2006 (see [36]) had evinced an intention to repudiate the contract.

99 Comfort relied on s 31(2) of the Sale of Goods Act Cap 393 1999 Revised
Edition (“the Act”) which states:

Where there is a contract for the sale of goods to be delivered by stated
instalments, which are to be separately paid for, and the seller makes
defective deliveries in respect of one or more instalments, or the buyer
neglects or refuses to take delivery of or pay for one or more instalments, it
is a question on each case depending on the terms of the contract and the
circumstances of the case whether the breach of contract is a repudiation of
the whole contract or whether it is a severable breach giving rise to a claim
for compensation but not to a right to treat the whole contract as repudiated.

100 Comfort submitted the above test was equally applicable to default in
delivery on the part of the seller and to a default in acceptance or payment
on the part of the buyer (citing _Benjamin’s Sale of Goods_ 7th edition (2006)
Sweet & Maxwell p 445 para 8-077 and 8-078).

101 To constitute repudiation, it is trite law that the breach by Alliance
must be fundamental or go to the very root of the contract or it must have
deprived Comfort of substantially the whole benefit it would have received
under the contract. For this proposition to apply to failure to meet the term
of payments promptly, Comfort relied on the UK Court of Appeal decision in
_Decro-Wall International SA v Practitioners in Marketing Ltd_ [1971] 2 All ER
216 (“ _Decro’s_ case”).

102 Applying the principle in _Decro’s_ case, Comfort highlighted the pattern
of Alliance’s payments on Comfort’s invoices throughout the duration of the
contract until 21 July 2006. Alliance was persistently late for the first
three payments (see [10] above) and stopped payments altogether thereafter for
deliveries made in and after May 2006. Even then, Comfort had to chase
Alliance hard before it received the late payments. Despite the two meetings
with Lincoln when Comfort again asked for payments to be expedited, Alliance’s
poor payment record not only did not improve but stopped altogether after 21
July 2006.

103 Alliance’ counsel on the other hand relied on _Decro’s_ case to contend
that Comfort was not entitled to repudiate the contract notwithstanding his
client’s late payments, which he submitted was on average about 22 days late.
Counsel relied on _Brani Readymixed Pte Ltd v Yee Hong Pte Ltd_ [1995] 1 SLR
205 (“ _Brani’s_ case”) where the delay in payment was about 22 days. He
submitted such delay in that case did not entitle the seller to terminate the
contract, also citing _Kool Team Marketing v Pacific Sunwear Pte Ltd_ [2000] 2
SLR 243 (“ _Kool Team_ ”).

104 If the court agreed that Alliance persistently under-ordered sand (which I
found to be the case), then Comfort relied on _Maple Flock Company Ltd v
Universal Furniture Products (Wembley) Limited_ [1934] 1 KB 148 (“ _Maple
Flock_ ”) for its submission that it amounted to a fundamental breach that
went to the root of the contract. At this juncture, it would be appropriate to
look at the main authorities cited by the parties starting with _Decro’s_
case.

105 In that case, the French plaintiffs entered into an oral contract with the
English defendants for the latter to sell the plaintiffs’ products in the UK.
The defendants promised not to sell goods that competed with the plaintiffs’
products. The contract was terminable by reasonable notice on either side. The
plaintiffs gave 90 days credit from the invoice dates. The defendants were
persistently late (between 2-20 days) in paying the plaintiffs on bills of
exchange, because they were cash-strapped having incurred heavy marketing
expenses to promote the plaintiffs’ products. After accepting 26 late payments
on the bills of exchange from the defendants, the plaintiffs purported to
terminate the contract without notice due to the defendants’ late payments,
appointed another company as its UK concessionaire and sued the defendants to
recover outstanding bills of exchange. The trial judge gave judgment to the
plaintiffs on its claim and awarded judgment to the defendants on its
counterclaim for a declaration that they remained the plaintiffs’ sole
concessionaire in the UK.

106 In dismissing the plaintiffs’ appeal, the Court of Appeal _inter alia_
held that the defendants’ failure to pay the bills of exchange promptly and
the likelihood of similar delays in the future did not constitute a
repudiation of the contract by the defendants. Such a breach could only amount
to a repudiation which the plaintiffs would be entitled to accept as a
cancellation of the contract if the breach went to the root of the contract.
Since nothing expressed or implied in the contract suggested that the terms
relating to time of payment were of the essence of the contract, the inference
drawn from the practical consequences of the defendants’ conduct was that the
breaches did not go to the root of the contract.

107 In _Brani’s_ case, the defendants entered into a contract with the
plaintiffs for the supply of ready mixed concrete. Under the contract, the
defendants would obtain concrete from the plaintiffs but there was a clause
that allowed the defendants to procure concrete from other sources and claim
the difference in price from the plaintiffs in the event the plaintiffs were
unable to supply the defendants with quantities of concrete requested. The
defendants ordered 70 cubic metres of concrete from the plaintiffs late on 6
May 1991 knowing full well that the plaintiffs would be unable to deliver the
same. The defendants then ordered the quantity from another supplier Rite-Mix,
a company in which the defendants’ directors had interests. From 11 May 1991,
the defendants stopped placing orders with the plaintiffs. The plaintiffs
wrote to the defendants on 30 May 1991 requesting a casting schedule which was
still outstanding under the contract and sought payment of all their
outstanding invoices. On 7 June 1991, the plaintiffs wrote to the defendants
to say that the latter’s failure to provide a casting schedule and to make
payments constituted a repudiation of the contract and that this was accepted
by the plaintiffs. The plaintiffs then brought an action for recovery of the
outstanding sum and for damages for breach of contract. The defendants
counterclaimed for the additional cost of obtaining concrete from Rite-Mix.
The trial judge held that the plaintiffs had repudiated the contract by their
letters dated 30 May 1991 and 7 June 1991 and the defendants had similarly
repudiated the contract by their conduct. Accordingly, he dismissed both the
claim and the counterclaim. Both parties appealed.

108 The Court of Appeal allowed the plaintiffs’ appeal but dismissed the
defendants’ appeal. The Court held that the plaintiffs had not repudiated the
contract by their letters dated 30 May and 7 June 1991 but the evidence
supported the conclusion that the defendants had evinced an intention not to
be bound by the contract and their repudiation was accepted by the plaintiffs’
letter dated 7 June 1991. It found that the defendants had engineered a
situation in which the plaintiffs were unable to supply the concrete ordered
and thus provided justification to the defendants to look for alternative
supplies and to stop placing further orders with the plaintiffs. Mere failure
or delay in making payment per se would not amount to a repudiation. However,
the defendants were not merely stalling for time to make payment but that they
did not intend to pay the plaintiffs at all and perform the contract.

109 Alliance’s submission argued that _Kool Team_ should be followed because
the facts were similar to this case. There, the contract in dispute was
originally of one year’s duration but from 1990 onwards the contract was
renewed orally every year. The plaintiffs were the defendants’ franchisees and
rented a store from the defendants whose goods they bought at a discount. The
defendants stopped supplying their goods to the plaintiffs in 1997. The
plaintiffs treated the contract as repudiated and sued inter alia for loss of
profits in lieu of three months’ notice. The defendants argued the plaintiffs
were the ones who had breached the contract by failing to pay for the goods on
time. The court followed _Decro’s_ case and held that there was no term in the
contract that allowed the defendants to stop supplying goods because of the
plaintiffs’ failure to make prompt payment.

110 I do not disagree with the reasoning or the decision in _Decro’s_ case.
Further, on the facts in _Kool Team_ , the judge was right to follow _Decro’s_
case. However, contrary to the submission of Alliance, our facts are not
virtually on all fours with those in _Kool Team_ or _Decro’s_ case. It bears
remembering that Comfort through Shirley had sent repeated reminders to
Alliance between April and 8 September 2006 for payment of overdue invoices
but to no avail. In her letter dated 26 June 2006 (at AB 30) to Alliance,
Shirley referred to Comfort’s unpaid invoices totalling $349,012.25 and
stated:

Settlement of this account is now more than a month overdue. Therefore we must
ask you either to send us your remittance within the next few days or at least
offer an explanation of the delay in payment.

Alliance blithely ignored Shirley’s inquiry just as it had ignored all her
previous reminders for payment. Instead, Tan wrote to Comfort on 13 and 25
July 2006 repeating his earlier false allegation of short deliveries which was
followed by Lincoln’s letter dated 6 September 2006 alleging short deliveries
by Comfort totalling 392,656 mt.

111 Any doubts that Alliance may have had that Comfort would not take action
on its poor payment record would have been dispelled by Ms Tan’s letter on
Comfort’s behalf dated 8 September 2006 (at AB 52) where she wrote in no
uncertain terms:

As we indicated to you during our meeting on 20 July 2006 (and also on several
other occasions over the telephone), we will not be making any further
deliveries until you settle the outstanding payment for deliveries made by us
from May to July 2006 totalling **S$401,448.78**.

In fact, our standard payment terms have always been 30 days, but you have
caused this contract to be concluded on your terms and conditions with payment
terms of 60 days. And even then, you have been persistently late in making
payment for the February to April deliveries. Further, it was only after our
meeting on 20 July 2006 when we demanded that you make all outstanding
payments that you remitted payment for the April deliveries.

We have made it very clear to you that we have stopped the August deliveries
altogether due to your failure in settling the outstanding sum of
**S$401,448.78** to date. Moreover, we should make it clear that there is no
provision in the contract for the rollover of any shortfall quantities for any
particular month.

We can no longer accept your persistent failure in making payments for the
deliveries received whilst at the same time making demands for future
deliveries.

Please note that if we do not receive full payment of the above sum by 12
September 2006, we have no choice but to treat your conduct as intention not
to perform the contract according to its terms and we will treat your conduct
as bringing this contract to an end.

Comfort’s threat of stopping deliveries was made crystal together with the
reasons therefor. Hence, Alliance was given more than adequate notice of the
consequences should Comfort’s demand not be met. More importantly, Comfort had
put Alliance on notice that timely payment of its invoices was made the
essence of the contract notwithstanding that the contract was silent on the
point.

112 Consequently, for Alliance to blindly apply the decisions in _Decro’s_
case and _Kool_ Team without regard to the factual matrix was to ignore the
realities of the situation. I am therefore of the view that Comfort was
entitled to treat Alliance’s continued refusal to pay Comfort’s overdue
invoices as conduct that evinced an intention not to be bound by the contract.
Alliance had indeed repudiated the contract which repudiation Comfort accepted
by its letter dated 14 September 2006 (at AB 53).

113 It was equally obvious from the facts that Alliance (for its own reasons)
preferred to perform its contract with LCH notwithstanding it was commercially
less advantageous than the contract with Comfort (see [70] above). Hence,
Alliance persistently under-ordered as can be seen from Golam’s records at
[36] above. For the five months from February to June 2006 (July was an
incomplete month), Alliance should have ordered a minimum of 150,000 mt of
sand (@30,000 x 5) instead of which it only ordered 83,188.50 mt amounting to
55% of 180,000 mt. Alliance cannot seriously dispute Golam’s total of
83,188.50 mt as its own figures (in Lincoln’s letter to Comfort dated 6
September 2006) alleged that Comfort only delivered 87,344 mt. Alliance’s own
figures of Comfort’s deliveries between February and July 2006 were in line
with Golam’s breakdown. If (as Alliance did in this letter and in its claim
against Comfort) the monthly quantity that should have been ordered was 40,000
mt, it meant Alliance only ordered 42% or less than 50% of the quota.

114 Did Alliance’s conduct deprive Comfort of substantially the whole benefit
it would have received under the contract? Comfort submitted it did, relying
on the tests spelt out in _Maple Flock_. That case focussed squarely on s
31(2) of the Act. Lord Hewart CJ in the UK Court of Appeal there held (at p
157) that the main tests to be considered in applying s 31(2) 0f the Act (at
[99]) are:

(a) the ratio quantitatively which the breach bears to the contract as a
whole;

(b) the degree of probability or improbability that such a breach will be
repeated.

115 Applying the _Maple Flock_ tests to our case, I entertain very little
doubt that had Comfort not stopped deliveries and terminated the contract on
14 September 2006, Alliance would have persisted in its under-orders for the
balance of the contract period (21 July to 31 January 2007).

116 As for the benefit Comfort lost by reason of Alliance’s recalcitrant
conduct, I refer to Ms Tan’s testimony (at N/E 158) that contract prices for
sand are always lower than spot prices. Ad-hoc customers paid higher prices
than contract customers because Comfort was prepared to accept lower prices
from long-term contract customers against the benefit of higher sales to them.

117 In Comfort’s closing submissions in the second suit (at para 154), it was
stated that economies of scale play an important role in determining
profitability. If as was the case, Alliance consistently placed orders well
below the contracted quantity for the entire duration of the contract, the
implication would be that Comfort’s profit margin would be substantially
reduced due both to the quantities ordered and to the (lower) price charged.
The obvious effect of Alliance’s action would be to deprive Comfort of the
whole benefit it would have received under the contract. I reject as absurd
the submission by Alliance, that because Comfort had a substantial paid up
capital and its sister company Sin Tung owned a fleet of tugs and barges, it
could not have suffered cash flow problems due to Alliance’s late payments as
Ms Tan had claimed.

118 Consequently, I also hold that Alliance was in repudiation of the contract
by its continuous and persistent under-orders of sand from Comfort.

119 Accordingly, I award Comfort final judgement in the first suit in the sum
of $163,696.67. The said sum paid into court by Alliance shall be paid out to
Comfort in satisfaction of the judgment sum. I further award Comfort
interlocutory judgment against Alliance on its claim for breach of contract.
Damages for such breach shall be assessed by the Registrar with the costs of
such assessment reserved to the Registrar. Since Alliance’s claim in the
second suit was based on 40,000 mt of sand as the monthly quantity Comfort
should have delivered under the contract, what is sauce for the goose is sauce
for the gander. 40,000 mt shall therefore be the basis for calculating the
damages due to Comfort.

120 In the light of my findings, I dismiss Alliance’s claim in the second
suit.

121 As I understand Offers To Settle were exchanged between the parties
pursuant to O22A of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2006 Rev Ed), I shall
hear parties on the issue of costs on another day.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 05 Aug 2008 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

