Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Public Prosecutor v Kwong Kok Hing  
[2008] SGCA 10

Case Number | : | Cr App 8/2007  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 10 March 2008  
Tribunal/Court | : | Court of Appeal  
Coram | : |  Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA; V K Rajah JA; Tan Lee Meng J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Walter Woon SC and Stanley Kok (Attorney-General's Chambers) for the appellant; Shashi Nathan and Adrian Wee (Harry Elias Partnership) for the respondent   
Parties | : |  Public Prosecutor — Kwong Kok Hing   
  
Criminal Law – Offences – Attempt to commit culpable homicide – Section 308
Penal Code (Cap 224, 1985 Rev Ed) – Definition of "hurt" – Section 319 Penal
Code (Cap 224, 1985 Rev Ed) – Whether definition of "hurt" extending to non-
physical injury  
  
Criminal Procedure and Sentencing – Sentencing – Whether sentence manifestly
inadequate – Sentencing considerations – Whether "denunciation" a separate
sentencing objective – Range of possible sentences – Offender's act among
worst conceivable conduct – Mitigating factors – Offender's psychiatric
condition – Offender having been released from prison  
  
Evidence – Principles – Functions of judge – Psychiatric opinion – Duty of
both psychiatrist and counsel to ensure evaluation is accurate – Judge should
resolve any inconsistency  
  

10 March 2008 |   
---|---  
  
V K Rajah JA (delivering the grounds of decision of the court):

**Introduction**

1 The respondent, Kwong Kok Hing, was charged with attempting to commit
culpable homicide pursuant to s 308 of the Penal Code (Cap 224, 1985 Rev Ed)
for pushing his ex-girlfriend (“the victim”) into the path of an oncoming
train at a Mass Rapid Transit (“MRT”) station. On 23 May 2007, he pleaded
guilty to the charge in the High Court. The trial judge (“the Judge”)
sentenced the respondent to one year’s imprisonment and backdated the sentence
to his date of remand: see _PP v Kwong Kok Hing_ [2007] SGHC 86 (“the GD”). As
a result, the respondent was released on the same day. Upon his release, he
promptly returned to his home in Malaysia. Dissatisfied with the sentence, the
Prosecution subsequently appealed. We allowed the appeal. The sentence of one
year’s imprisonment imposed by Judge was substituted with a sentence of three
years’ imprisonment. This sentence of three years’ imprisonment included the
period the respondent spent in remand from 16 September 2006 to 23 May 2007.

**Preliminary observations**

2 We were only informed at the commencement of the hearing of the appeal that
the respondent would not be present. This was a rather unfortunate situation
that transpired in part because of the unusual circumstances of the case,
which were that the respondent, a Malaysian, was released from prison before
the appeal could be heard. Two suggestions are offered for the conduct of
similar matters in future.

3 First, the Prosecution should consider applying immediately to the Court of
Appeal for directions pending an appeal. In the event the release of the
offender is scheduled to take place on the same day, the Prosecution can
request for it to be deferred until the Court of Appeal considers the
appropriate modalities to be adopted in the particular matter. The Registry
should arrange for such matters to be heard on a very urgent basis as the
liberty of an individual is at stake. Such an application by the Prosecution
in the present case, if granted, could have led to two possible results. In
the first scenario, the respondent could have been released on bail, thus
providing some measure of assurance that he would be present for the appeal.
This was of particular importance in the present case, as the respondent was a
foreigner and promptly returned home for medical treatment. In the second
scenario, the Court of Appeal could have heard the appeal on its merits on the
same day or as soon thereafter as was possible. In any event, it is critical
in such cases that both the Prosecution and the Defence act promptly to
mitigate any possible injustice caused by delay. The respondent was released
on 23 May 2007, but the appeal was not heard until 13 November 2007. This six-
month delay was unfortunate, and perhaps, with the benefit of hindsight,
avoidable. As Yong Pung How CJ advised in _PP v Siew Boon Loong_ [2005] 1 SLR
611 (“ _Siew Boon Loong_ ”) at [29]:

Finally, I noted that the respondent had long finished serving his sentence on
8 December 2004 before this appeal was heard. The Prosecution informed me that
it had kept to the prescribed time-lines, and that there was no delay on its
part. For such future appeal cases, _it may be prudent for the Prosecution to
highlight to the Registry that the accused is serving a very short sentence,
and is expected to be released before the appeal is heard, so that a decision
can be made as to whether the appeal should be re-scheduled to be heard on an
expedited basis._ [emphasis added]

4 In _PP v Fernando Payagala Waduge Malitha Kumar_ [2007] 2 SLR 334 (“
_Fernando Payagala_ ”), the High Court also observed at [14]:

[I]t is highly desirable that the relevant court registries and counsel
involved in criminal cases pertaining to foreigners sentenced to short terms
of imprisonment use their best endeavours to ensure that the appeals are
expedited: see also the observations of Yong Pung How CJ in _PP v Siew Boon
Ling_ [2005] 1 SLR 611 at [29]. Indeed, the written appeal submissions and
possibly the trial judge’s detailed grounds of decision may be dispensed with
or alternatively replaced by short skeletal submissions/grounds of decision.
_In cases such as this, time is of the essence in ensuring that the legitimate
expectations about the administration of justice are not unnecessarily
undermined. Where the liberty of an individual is at stake, certainty should
always replace uncertainty as a matter of urgency and priority._ I single out
foreigners because they may be hard put to raise adequate security for bail in
this regard. Similar considerations should also apply to impecunious
Singaporeans and permanent residents. [emphasis added]

5 Second, prior or earlier notification to the Registry should have been given
by defence counsel once they learnt that the respondent did not intend to
appear at the hearing. The appeal could perhaps then have been rescheduled to
ensure the respondent’s presence. As it was, in the light of the respondent’s
absence at the hearing, we subsequently directed the respondent to surrender
himself to the prison authorities by 3 December 2007. In this connection, we
note that the respondent indeed returned to Singapore and surrendered himself
to the relevant authorities on 3 December 2007.

**The facts**

6 The respondent and the victim had been dating for approximately two years
prior to the offence. The couple had a somewhat turbulent relationship and
several days before the incident, the victim informed the respondent that she
wanted to end their relationship. On 14 September 2006, the day of the
incident, the respondent visited the victim at her workplace at Clementi Post
Office (“the Post Office”) in the afternoon to plead for the resumption of
their relationship. As the victim was busy, the respondent did not have an
opportunity to have a meaningful conversation with her. He then waited for
several hours at the Post Office until the victim left for home.

7 As the victim left the Post Office just after 6.00pm, the respondent again
approached her and a heated quarrel ensued. The victim reiterated her decision
to end the relationship, but the respondent petulantly insisted that she give
the relationship another chance. In the course of the quarrel, the victim made
a telephone call to her elder sister, and the latter agreed to meet her at
Clementi MRT station (“the station”) to accompany her home. The victim then
proceeded to the station to wait for her sister, with the respondent trailing
and quarrelling with her along the way. On arriving at the train platform of
the station, they both stood against part of the parapet wall fronting the
westbound side of the train platform and continued with their row.

8 At about 6.58pm, a westbound train travelling at 50–60km/h approached the
station. All of a sudden, the respondent, knowing that the train was
approaching, grabbed the victim by her shoulders and shoved her toward the
edge of the platform. Not content with this, he then forcefully pushed her a
second time, causing her to fall off the platform onto the tracks below. The
victim fell onto the middle of the train tracks, directly in the path of the
fast approaching train.

9 Fortunately, the victim managed to land on the tracks in a crouching
position. She then showed great presence of mind in picking herself up and
racing to the far side of the tracks, before vaulting over the parapet wall to
the safety of the walkway. All this transpired just split seconds before the
train hurtled past her and came to a stop in the station.

10 After pushing the victim onto the train tracks, the respondent wandered
around the train platform aimlessly. Later, he was detained by several
commuters as he made his way back toward the westbound train at the platform.
He was subdued after a scuffle, in the course of which he suffered some minor
injuries. The police were then notified and the respondent was arrested.

**The decision of the Judge**

11 In sentencing, the Judge took into consideration reports on the
respondent’s psychiatric illness, the respondent’s lack of antecedents as well
as the fact that the victim had survived the incident. He remarked at [9] of
the GD:

It is true that [the victim] was fortunate to be alive. _Her good fortune is
thus also the good fortune of the accused._ He might otherwise have faced a
murder charge. The danger of the act was inherent in the charge and therefore
should not be expanded to the extent that we punish the offender for what
might have been instead of what was the fact. _Dr Tan’s opinion of the accused
person’s state of mind at the time of the offence must be considered in the
context of the charge._ Dr Tan stated that the accused “had behaved
impulsively at the time of the alleged [offence] because of his mental
disorder”. He did not think of the possible consequences of what he had done.”
That behaviour was, in his view, connected to the depressive illness that the
accused had at the time. _I think that a sentence of one year’s imprisonment
is sufficient punishment for this accused, a first offender._ [emphasis added]

**The appeal against sentence**

12 On appeal, the Prosecution submitted that the Judge had erred both in law
and in fact by, _inter alia_ :

(a) placing undue weight on the fact that the victim survived, when it was
completely fortuitous that she did, and her survival could hardly be a
mitigating factor when it was in no way attributable to the respondent;

(b) placing undue weight on the respondent’s psychiatric condition; and

(c) failing to place sufficient weight on the aggravating factors surrounding
the commission of the offence, _viz_ , the fact that the respondent had seen
the train approaching the station before grabbing and shoving the victim into
the path of the train.

**_Appellate intervention in sentencing_**

13 It is trite law that an appellate court has only a limited scope for
appellate intervention apropos sentences meted out by a lower court. This is
because sentencing is very much a matter of discretion and requires a delicate
balancing of myriad considerations which are often plainly conflicting:
_Angliss Singapore Pte Ltd v PP_ [2006] 4 SLR 653 (“ _Angliss_ ”) at [13];
affirmed most recently by the Court of Appeal in _PP v Mohammed Liton Mohammed
Syeed Mallik_ [2008] 1 SLR 601 at [81].

14 This limited scope was defined in _PP v Cheong Hock Lai_ [2004] 3 SLR 203
at [26], where Yong Pung How CJ declared that an appellate court could
interfere with a sentence meted out by the trial judge only if it was
satisfied that:

(a) the trial judge had made the wrong decision as to the proper factual
matrix for sentence;

(b) the trial judge had erred in appreciating the material before him;

(c) the sentence was wrong in principle; or

(d) the sentence imposed was manifestly excessive, or manifestly inadequate.

15 As to what was meant by “manifestly inadequate”, Yong CJ elaborated further
in _Siew Boon Loong_ ([3] _supra_) at [22]:

When a sentence is said to be manifestly inadequate, … it means that the
sentence is unjustly lenient … and _requires substantial alterations rather
than minute corrections_ to remedy the injustice … [emphasis added]

16 Because sentencing is a complex discretionary process, the actual grounds
on which an appellate court can intervene in sentencing are relatively
circumscribed. The prerogative to correct sentences should be tempered by a
significant degree of deference to the sentencing judge’s discretion. As the
High Court emphasised in _Angliss_ at [14]:

_The mere fact that an appellate court would have awarded a higher or lower
sentence than the trial judge is not sufficient to compel the exercise of its
appellate powers_ , unless it is coupled with a failure by the trial judge to
appreciate the facts placed before him or where the trial judge’s exercise of
his sentencing discretion was contrary to principle and/or law. [emphasis
added]

**_Explaining the sentencing considerations_**

17 Our criminal law is, in the final analysis, the public’s expression of
communitarian values to be promoted, defended and preserved. These
communitarian values include the preservation of morality, the protection of
the person, the preservation of public peace and order, respect for
institutions and the preservation of the state’s wider interests; see _PP v
Law Aik Meng_ [2007] 2 SLR 814 at [24]–[29]. Sentences must protect the fabric
of society through the defence of these values. Community respect is
reinforced by dint of the prescription of appropriate sanctions to proscribe
wrongful conduct. A sentence must therefore appropriately encapsulate, in any
given context, the proper degree of public aversion arising from the
particular harmful behaviour as well as incorporate the impact of the relevant
circumstances engendering each offence. In determining any sentence, a good
starting point is the four classical principles of sentencing stated by Lawton
LJ in _R v James Henry Sargeant_ (1974) 60 Cr App R 74 at 77:

What ought the proper penalty be? … [The] classical principles [of sentencing]
are summed up in four words: retribution, deterrence, prevention and
rehabilitation. Any judge who comes to sentence ought always to have those
four classical principles in mind and to apply them to the facts of the case
to see which of them has the greatest importance in the case with which he is
dealing.

18 Yong Pung How CJ endorsed this approach in _PP v Tan Fook Sum_ [1999] 2 SLR
523 at [15]. In _Chua Tiong Tiong v PP_ [2001] 3 SLR 425 at [31], he added:

There are four pillars of sentencing: retribution, deterrence, prevention and
rehabilitation. Criminal courts play their part by ensuring that the sentences
of offenders mirror these pillars. The sentence imposed on the appellant not
only served to punish him, it also sought to deter potential offenders,
through fear of punishment, and to influence offenders who have been
appropriately sentenced not to offend again.

19 Often, some of these considerations will plainly conflict with one another.
A sentencing judge may take into account some factors and ignore others, or
attribute a different weight to those considered. Thus, a court should always
endeavour to explain its sentencing philosophy in the interests of justice and
transparency. As the High Court elucidated in _Tan Kay Beng v PP_ [2006] 4 SLR
10 (“ _Tan Kay Beng_ ”) at [29]:

It is often said that in arriving at an appropriate sentence, a court should
invariably take into account the sentencing considerations of deterrence,
retribution, prevention and rehabilitation. It is however less often noted
that these principles are not always complementary and indeed may even
engender conflicting consequences when mechanically applied in the process of
sentencing. _In practice, judges often place emphasis on one or more
sentencing considerations in preference to, and sometimes even to the
exclusion of all the other remaining considerations. When this occurs, it is
imperative for the court to adequately articulate the justification
underpinning the sentence meted out and in particular to explicate its
preference for certain particular sentencing considerations over others._
[emphasis added]

20 Such explication of the specific sentencing considerations applicable is
crucial in order to avoid creating the semblance of arbitrary or
impressionistic sentencing. As cautioned in _Angliss_ ([13] _supra_) at [24]:

[A] sentencing judge should not hide behind the veneer of platitudes as an
expedient substitute for the scrupulous and assiduous assessment of the
factual matrix of each case in determining the appropriate sentence.

The essence of a sentencing judge’s duty is therefore to extract, distil and
apply the appropriate sentencing principles to achieve a sensible sentence
that genuinely takes into account the interests of all stakeholders in the
administration of criminal justice as well as those of the offender.

21 In the present case, it was unfortunate that the Judge failed to expound on
his sentencing considerations more precisely, especially when some of them
appeared to be in conflict. _Prima facie_ , the nature of the offence and the
circumstances in which it was committed suggested a need for both general and
specific deterrence, which ought to have been reflected in the imposition of a
longer custodial sentence. On the other hand, the respondent’s psychiatric
condition weighed in favour of a shorter sentence so that he could return home
for medical care and treatment. As we will explain subsequently, the different
considerations here did not inexorably justify the sentencing leniency so
visibly shown by the Judge in the sentencing equation.

**_Hurt to the victim_**

22 The respondent was charged with an offence under s 308 of the Penal Code,
which provides that:

Whoever does any act with such intention or knowledge and under such
circumstances that if he by that act caused death he would be guilty of
culpable homicide not amounting to murder, shall be punished with imprisonment
for a term which may extend to 3 years, or with fine, or with both; _and if
hurt is caused to any person by such act, shall be punished with imprisonment
for a term which may extend to 7 years, or with fine, or with both._ [emphasis
added]

23 The Judge accepted that the victim had suffered some physical hurt in this
case, but he did not appear to have appreciated fully the fact that the
victim’s injury extended beyond the apparently superficial wounds. In his GD
at [9], the Judge mistakenly alluded only to the victim’s physical injuries:

Under s 308, the punishment may extend to three [years’] imprisonment and if
hurt was caused, up to seven years. The charge on which this accused was
convicted alleged that hurt was caused. _The element of hurt in this case was
identified from [the victim’s] statement during her medical examination that
she had “pain over her right calf associated with numbness”._ The statement of
facts stated that when she was helped out of the MRT tracks shortly after the
incident she “realised that her right calf was sore and painful”. Considering
these statements and after watching the video clip, I am of the view that [the
victim] had probably pulled a muscle as she landed on the tracks. Whether an
injury of this nature constitutes “hurt” in the context of the charge is not
only a test of meaning, of which I think it will pass; it is also a test of
judicial charity, of which I hope it will also pass. [emphasis added]

24 The Penal Code, however, expressly provides a definition of “hurt” under s
319:

Whoever causes bodily pain, disease or _infirmity_ to any person is said to
cause hurt. [emphasis added]

25 In V R Manohar & W W Chitaley, _The Indian Penal Code_ (All India Reporter
Ltd, 3rd Ed, 1980) vol 2 at p 952, the authors astutely note in commenting on
s 319 of the Penal Code (Act No 45 o 1860) (India) of which the relevant
provisions are _in pari materia_ with those in our Penal Code:

Section 44 _ante_ defines “injury” as denoting any harm whatever illegally
caused to any person in **_body_** , mind, reputation or property. Hence
“hurt” will obviously be an “injury” within the meaning of S. 44. But “injury”
will not necessarily be “hurt”. Thus, the terms “injury” and “hurt” are not
**_synonymous_** for the purpose of the [Penal] Code. But as “** _hurt_** ”
includes any bodily **_pain_** , disease or infirmity, _the injury to the body
need not be a**visible** one, in order to constitute **hurt**._ [emphasis
added, emphasis in original in bold italics]

26 We agree. Indeed, it has long been established that hurt can extend to non-
physical injury, _eg_ , mental harm. In _Jashanmal Jhamatmal v Brahmanand
Sarupanand_ AIR 1944 Sind 19, O’Sullivan J said at 20–21:

The examples ... may, we consider, be extended to cases where serious mental
derangement is caused by some voluntary act. It would be ridiculous to say for
instance that a person who deliberately set out to cause shock to somebody
with a weak heart and succeeded in doing so has not caused hurt; likewise
obviously hurt would be likely to be caused to a nervous child, were a person
to array himself in a white sheet and suddenly, without warning, spring upon
that child on a dark night. Such an act might well cause the victim permanent
mental derangement. ...

…

… The duration of this state of mental infirmity would be immaterial.
Infirmity denotes an unsound or unhealthy state of the body or mind and
clearly a state of temporary mental impairment or hysteria or terror would
constitute infirmity ...

27 This decision has been approvingly cited by K L Koh, C M V Clarkson & N A
Morgan, _Criminal Law in Singapore and Malaysia_ (Malayan Law Journal Pte Ltd,
1989), at pp 513–514. We would qualify this _dictum_ by saying that while the
duration of the infirmity would usually be irrelevant for establishing hurt,
the inquiry should not stop here. In our view, the long-term psychological
harm in matters of this nature is a relevant, and indeed often, crucial
sentencing consideration. Regrettably, the Judge failed to address this in his
sentencing equation. According to the victim impact statement, the victim
continues to experience flashbacks whenever she waits for trains. She also
remains fearful that the respondent will continue to pursue her after his
release. The continuing psychological trauma is not surprising, and as was
penetratingly observed by the High Court of Hong Kong in _Secretary for
Justice v Lam Kai-Wah_ [2000] HKCU 139:

No one who deliberately pushes another into the path of a moving train could
sensibly expect that the victim would not suffer terrible physical injury and
_life-long psychological trauma stemming from it_. [emphasis added]

28 Thus, despite the relatively superficial physical injuries suffered by the
victim, the emotional trauma callously inflicted upon her by the respondent
should not have been overlooked. Psychological wounds, while invisible to the
eye, can often be far more insidious and leave an indelible mark on a victim’s
psyche long after the physical scars have faded. Expert psychiatric evidence
could also perhaps have been tendered to evaluate the longer-term impact of
the incident on the victim. In the event that the psychological harm is
permanent, this would constitute an aggravating factor that would have to be
taken into account during sentencing, almost invariably meriting more severe
punishment.

**_Psychiatric reports on the respondent_**

29 Opinions from two separate psychiatrists were tendered to the court after
the incident. Dr Y C Lim (“Dr Lim”), the respondent’s private psychiatrist,
indicated in his report dated 15 September 2006 that the respondent was
suffering from reactive psychosis, associated with depression, paranoia and
anxiety. On the other hand, Dr Tommy Tan (“Dr Tan”), a consultant at the
Institute of Mental Health, opined that the respondent had been suffering from
dysthymia since his school days, as well as a moderate depressive episode at
the material time. The differences in the diagnoses, while not major, should
nevertheless have been queried. This is especially so in cases like the
instant one, where ascertaining the offender’s state of mind at the time of
the incident, and consequently his culpability, is critical in calibrating the
sentence. In addition, a perusal of Dr Tan’s opinion revealed his assessment
of the respondent to be less than rigorous, based as it was only on his
interview with the respondent and his parents.

30 Indeed, the character references provided by the friends and family of the
respondent painted an altogether different picture. The respondent appeared to
be an above average student in school, who was conscientious and displayed
impressive sporting abilities. He was variously described as independent,
kind, understanding, and even demonstrated an admirable, entrepreneurial
spirit while studying in Melbourne. There was an unmistakable consensus in the
references that the respondent was a well-balanced and capable young man, who
simply “snapped” on that fateful day and committed an offence completely out
of his character. It bears mention that one of his character referees, Prof
Lee Chai Peng from the University of Malaya, described the respondent as “a
person of good character but with emotional issues to be resolved _as is so
common with many young adults_ in our high-pressured society today” [emphasis
added]. This portrayal, evidently, did not quite gel with the psychiatric
assessments which suggested a maladjusted, nervous and rather unstable young
man.

31 Where, as here, the mental condition of the offender falls to be assessed,
it is the duty of both the psychiatrist and counsel to ensure that the
evaluation is accurate. The apparent inconsistency in the portrait of the
respondent should have been resolved by the Judge. This responsibility remains
even when an accused has pleaded guilty, or when there is an agreed statement
of facts, or where there is no contention regarding the expert opinions.
Failure to verify the accuracy and objectivity of the assessment can result in
much costs and time being wasted: see _PP v Lim Ah Seng_ [2007] 2 SLR 957 (“
_Lim Ah Seng_ ”), where the case was remitted back to the High Court after the
Court of Appeal had expressed certain misgivings in relation to some of the
evidence, including expert opinions.

32 By dint of a fortunate confluence of facts, it was not necessary to remit
this case back to the High Court. Even accepting Dr Tan’s opinion that the
respondent was depressed and had acted impulsively, it was evident that the
respondent was capable of appreciating the consequences of his act. The
respondent’s decision to push the victim onto the train tracks was not a
momentary slip of the mind; it was plainly intended to teach her a lesson.

**_Sentencing considerations_**

33 In arriving at an appropriate sentence, a court should almost invariably
consider the relevance of the sentencing considerations of deterrence,
retribution, prevention and rehabilitation at the outset. It should assess
which of these considerations have the greatest cogency in any given factual
matrix. In this matter, deterrence, rehabilitation and, to some extent,
retribution were clearly the most relevant ones.

34 In _Tan Kay Beng_ ([19] _supra_), the High Court expressed its view on
deterrence as a sentencing principle (at [31]–[32]):

Deterrence must always be tempered by proportionality in relation to the
severity of the offence committed as well as by the moral and legal
culpability of the offender. It is axiomatic that a court must abstain from
gratuitous loading in sentences. Deterrence, as a concept, has a multi-faceted
dimension and it is inappropriate to invoke it without a proper appreciation
of how and when it should be applied. It is premised upon the upholding of
certain statutory or public policy concerns or alternatively, upon judicial
concern or disquiet about the prevalence of particular offences and the
attendant need to prevent such offences from becoming contagious. Deterrence,
as a general sentencing principle, is also intended to create an awareness in
the public and more particularly among potential offenders that punishment
will be certain and unrelenting for certain offences and offenders.

Deterrence however also has a more specific application. Specific deterrence
is directed at persuading a particular offender from contemplating further
mischief. This assumes that a potential offender can balance and weigh
consequences before committing an offence. The deterrent function may
therefore be weak or non-existent when formulating an appropriate sentence for
mentally handicapped or unwell persons. In such cases, as well as instances
when a court is persuaded that an offender is unlikely to re-offend, specific
deterrence fails to qualify as a relevant consideration, let alone a crucial
one.

35 The respondent’s mental condition here was neither a serious nor permanent
one, and the psychiatric opinions suggested that with the right treatment and
care, the risk of a relapse was low. Nevertheless, there was a need for
specific deterrence in this matter to dissuade the respondent from
contemplating another assault on the victim, notwithstanding the fact that the
respondent had given a written apology to the victim and an undertaking that
he would no longer bother her: see the GD at [8].

36 The Judge was also particularly concerned with the rehabilitation of the
respondent, and appeared to have given undue deference to this principle at
[8] of the GD:

[The Prosecutor] says that [the victim] accepted the apology but had not
forgiven the accused. I did not require [the victim] to say so personally and
prefer to take the more charitable view that even if she had not, she might do
so some day. In the meantime, _it was more important to consider that the
accused’s parents, who were in court, would be looking after the accused in
Malaysia after he was released from prison, and that arrangements had been
made by them to arrange for psychiatric care to be continued in Malaysia_.
[emphasis added]

37 While the respondent’s rehabilitation was a relevant consideration, there
was no suggestion that he could not be similarly rehabilitated in prison. In
fact, Dr Lim, who was the respondent’s private psychiatrist, was also a
psychiatrist engaged by the prison authorities, and there was no reason to
believe that the medical care and treatment here would in any way be inferior
to what he would receive back in Malaysia. Hence, even if one were to place
considerable weight on rehabilitation as a sentencing principle, it did not
necessitate a light sentence in the current case.

38 More importantly, there was also the consideration of the public interest.
The Prosecution alluded to this in its submissions, where it emphasised the
pressing need to denounce the conduct of the offender in order to reflect the
revulsion of society at his callous misdeed. While denunciation appears as a
sentencing objective in several Australian sentencing statutes, it does not
_per se_ justify the imposition of punishment. The “denunciation” principle is
merely another manifestation of the public interest in appropriately censuring
wrongful conduct. Denunciation can be achieved through merely formal measures
and therefore cannot explain why punishment needs to be in the form of hard
treatment: see Richard Edney & Mirko Bagaric, _Australian Sentencing_
_Principles and Practice_ (Cambridge University Press, 2007) at p 71. All said
and done, every sentence communicates society’s aversion and the proper degree
of censure for the offending behaviour. The High Court elaborated on this
principle in _Angliss_ ([13] _supra_) at [16]–[17]:

It is pertinent to analyse precisely what is meant when a court takes into
account public interest considerations in sentencing. The genesis of the
_dictum_ that “the foremost consideration for a court in deciding on an
appropriate sentence is that of public interest” is found in _R v Kenneth John
Ball_ (1951) 35 Cr App R 164 (“ _Ball_ ”) at 165–166:

In deciding the appropriate sentence a Court should always be guided by
certain considerations. The first and foremost is the public interest. The
criminal law is publicly enforced, not only with the object of punishing
crime, but also in the hope of preventing it. _A proper sentence, passed in
public, serves the public interest in two ways. It may deter others who might
be tempted to try crime as seeming to offer easy money on the supposition,
that if the offender is caught and brought to justice, the punishment will be
negligible. Such a sentence may also deter the particular criminal from
committing a crime again, or induce him to turn from a criminal to an honest
life._ The public interest is indeed served, and best served, if the offender
is induced to turn from criminal ways to honest living. Our law does not,
therefore, fix the sentence for a particular crime, but fixes a maximum
sentence and leaves it to the Court to decide what is, within that maximum,
the appropriate sentence for each criminal in the particular circumstances of
each case. Not only in regard to each crime, but in regard to each criminal,
the Court has the right and the duty to decide whether to be lenient or
severe. …

It ought to be apparent that Hilbery J did not intend for the notion of public
interest to be construed as a separate term of art. Public interest simply
refers to what is in the interests of the public. And, in the context of
sentencing, it was Hilbery J’s view that the interests of the public are best
served when a sentencing judge keeps within the periphery of his vision the
overarching aim of sentencing, which is the reduction or prevention of
criminal conduct – either by deterring or rehabilitating a specific offender
or by deterring other would-be offenders. **_In other words, public interest_
per se _does not constitute a stand-alone sentencing consideration. Rather, it
is merely an expression of the view that in assessing the appropriate sentence
to mete out, a sentencing judge should apply his mind to whether the sentence
is necessary and justified by the public’s interest in deterring and
preventing criminal conduct. Such a concern is however already encapsulated
within the conventional sentencing rationales of general deterrence, specific
deterrence, retributivism, rehabilitation and prevention_**. For instance,
Hilbery J’s concern that the sentence imposed should be sufficient to deter
others from similar criminal wrongdoing is reflected by the principle of
general deterrence. Similarly, the need to discourage or prevent the specific
offender from re-offending is intrinsic in the principles of specific
deterrence, prevention and rehabilitation. As such, it would be wrong to cite
_Ball_ as authority for holding that the public interest should be regarded as
a separate and distinct sentencing principle.

[emphasis added in bold italics]

39 In this case, there is plainly a need to send out a clear message to the
public that it is wholly unacceptable to commit similar violent and dangerous
acts, regardless of whether they are premeditated, rash or impulsive. The MRT
plays a major role in the lives of many Singapore commuters. According to the
Land Transport Authority’s figures, the MRT had an average daily ridership of
1.435 million last year. Of the over 60 train stations currently in operation,
over half – 35 – are above ground. Clementi station is one of them, and,
extraordinarily, it has seen more than its fair share of incidents. On 30
October 2006, just over a month after the respondent’s offence, a man was hit
and killed by a train at Clementi, resulting in a delay that affected 11,700
commuters. Two months later, at the same station, a woman got her leg stuck in
the gap between the train and the platform, fracturing her leg in the process.
On 20 July 2007, another person was killed by an incoming west-bound train at
Clementi. Similar incidents have recently taken place at other MRT stations.
It should be pointed out, however, that a number of these incidents were
suicides or accidents.

40 The spate of serious and fatal incidents in recent times has undoubtedly
left its mark on the train commuter’s psyche, leading to widespread calls from
the public for platform screen doors to be installed at above-ground stations.
On 25 January 2008, Mr Raymond Lim, Minister for Transport, announced plans to
install such doors (see the government media release available at https://app-
pac.mica.gov.sg/data/vddp/embargo/6260896.htm (accessed 28 February 2008).
This squarely addresses the growing concern about safety at above-ground MRT
stations. Nevertheless, it bears mention that installation of these doors at
all stations will only be completed by 2012; in the meantime, there is a
perception among some that danger continues to lurk on every exposed train
platform.

41 Potential offenders must be firmly discouraged from committing offences in
the vicinity of MRT trains or stations. Whether a person intends to kill or
not, the act of pushing a helpless person off a train platform and onto the
tracks is an act so despicable and inherently dangerous that it must be
unequivocally censured by the courts so as to deter others from even
contemplating carrying out similar acts, let alone actually committing them.
MRT trains are a convenient and affordable form of public transport for a
large segment of the population. An unambiguous and robust message must be
sent out that dangerous conduct similar to the respondent’s will not be
condoned, and if it does occur, the public must be reassured that the
perpetrator will be treated both firmly and promptly.

**Determining the appropriate sentence**

42  The respondent was charged under s 308 of the Penal Code, and since hurt
had been caused by his offence, he was liable to be punished with imprisonment
for a term of up to seven years, or with a fine, or with both. Where in
relation to a particular offence the court is given a wide discretion in terms
of the punishment it may impose, it is critical that it exercises that
discretion, as far as possible, in a manner that remains faithful to two
essential principles: (a) that the punishment fits the crime, having regard to
the circumstances attending the case before the court; and (b) that like cases
be treated alike: see _Lim Ah Seng_ ([31] _supra_) at [76].

43 To offer the court some guidance, both the Prosecution and the Defence
referred to a number of cases that involved attempted culpable homicide.
However, none of the cases bore much similarity to the facts here. Indeed, the
Judge correctly noted at [7] of his GD that “[t]here was certainly no
previously known case similar on the facts as the present”. The cases cited
therefore offered little assistance by way of a sentencing benchmark for the
offence committed.

44 What was necessary was to consider the range of possible sentences, and the
unique facts of the offence. It is well established that the maximum sentence
should be reserved for the worsttype of cases falling within the prohibition.
According to the High Court in _Angliss_ ([13] _supra_) at [84]:

By imposing a sentence close to or fixed at the statutory maximum, a court
calibrates the offender’s conduct as among the worst conceivable for that
offence. In other words, when Parliament sets a statutory maximum, it signals
the gravity with which the public, through Parliament, views that particular
offence ... Therefore, it stands to reason that sentencing judges must take
note of the maximum penalty and then apply their minds to determine precisely
where the offender’s conduct falls within the spectrum of punishment devised
by Parliament.

45 The respondent’s act was definitely not at the lower end of the scale, and
deserved more than a simple fine. In fact, pushing a person in front of an
approaching train arguably ranks among the worst conceivable conduct for an
attempt to commit culpable homicide. Such an act is almost certain to kill
and, if death is avoided, likely to maim; that the victim escaped virtually
without physical injury owed as much to her presence of mind as to providence
and not for want of intent and/or effort on the part of the respondent. This
pointed toward a severe sentence being imposed on the respondent. Solicitor-
General Prof Walter Woon submitted that a sentence of three to five years
would be “appropriate and just”. We broadly agreed with the range proposed.

46 Ultimately, however, we decided on a sentence of three years’ imprisonment
because of two persuasive mitigating factors. First, we took into
consideration the psychiatric condition of the respondent. We accepted the
expert evidence that suggested the respondent was suffering from depression,
and would have qualified for the defence of diminished responsibility if the
victim had died and he had then been charged with murder. This to some extent
reduces his level of culpability though it must be pointed out that he was
aware of, and remained responsible for, the consequences of his actions. We
were persuaded that with the right treatment and care, the respondent could be
rehabilitated and become once again a useful member of society. The issue of
incapacitation does not arise. In addition, we made an allowance for the fact
that the respondent had been released from prison custody before the sentence
was enhanced. He has to now undergo a further prison sentence all over again
for the same offence. In our opinion, such a situation justifies some discount
to the final sentencing equation: see _Fernando Payagala_ ([4] _supra_) at
[83]. This sentence of three years’ imprisonment would, in our view, give
effect to the relevant sentencing considerations of deterrence, retribution
and rehabilitation, and, at the same time, encapsulate society’s condemnation
of the respondent’s conduct.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 10 Mar 2008 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

