Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Pang Chen Suan v Commissioner for Labour  
[2008] SGCA 22

Case Number | : | CA 91/2007  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 28 May 2008  
Tribunal/Court | : | Court of Appeal  
Coram | : |  Chan Sek Keong CJ; Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA; V K Rajah JA   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Michael Hwang SC and Katie Chung (Michael Hwang) and Ramasamy Chettiar (ACIES Law Corporation) for the appellant; David Chong, Janice Wong and Kevin Lim (Attorney-General's Chambers) for the respondent   
Parties | : |  Pang Chen Suan — Commissioner for Labour   
  
Administrative Law – Judicial review – Ambit – Whether concept of reasonable
cause in making compensation claim after limitation period a question of fact
or law – Section 11(4) Workmen's Compensation Act (Cap 354, 1998 Rev Ed)  
  
Employment Law – Workman withdrawing timely compensation claim to commence
common law action but subsequently reverting to claim – Whether limitation
period applicable to bar claim – Whether reasonable cause was shown to excuse
late claim – Whether common law action or compensation claim can be suspended
so that the other may proceed – Sections 11, 33 Workmen's Compensation Act
(Cap 354, 1998 Rev Ed)  
  

28 May 2008

Chan Sek Keong CJ (delivering the grounds of decision of the court):

**Introduction**

1 The appellant was a workman who was injured in an explosion at his
employer’s premises. He made a claim for workmen’s compensation under the
Workmen’s Compensation Act (Cap 354, 1998 Rev Ed) (“the Act”), but withdrew
the claim to commence a common law action. Subsequently, he discontinued the
common law action and made a claim for workmen’s compensation again. The new
claim for workmen’s compensation was made outside the statutory time limit of
one year (“the limitation period”) applicable to claims under the Act. The
Commissioner for Labour (“the Commissioner”) rejected the new claim on the
ground that the workman had failed to show reasonable cause for not making his
claim within the limitation period.

2 The workman applied to the High Court for leave for judicial review of the
Commissioner’s decision, but the judge below (“the Judge”) refused to grant
leave (see _Pang Chen Suan v Commissioner for Labour_ [2007] 4 SLR 557). The
workman appealed to this court. At the conclusion of the hearing, we allowed
the appeal. We now give our full reasons for allowing the appeal.

**Background**

3 On 13 January 2004, an explosion occurred at a factory at Toa Payoh
Industrial Park. The factory belonged to D-Sign Advertising, a sole
proprietorship carrying on the business of making signboards. At that time,
one of the employees was carrying out hot works with an oxygen gas cylinder.
The appellant, Pang Chen Suan (“Pang”), was employed as a supervisor with
D-Sign Advertising. This explosion caused the deaths of Pang’s employer, the
employer’s wife and two other persons. Several others, including Pang,
sustained serious injuries. Pang suffered fractures of his leg, lacerations
and burns on his left forearm. He underwent surgery five times and was found
to have 18% permanent disability.

4 Pang made a claim for workmen’s compensation under the Act (“the
Compensation Claim”) on 5 March 2004. On 17 August 2004 (seven months after
the accident) Pang withdrew the Compensation Claim in order to commence a
common law action against his deceased employer. He filed a writ in the High
Court on 27 December 2004 (“the Writ”) within a year after the accident, but
the Writ could not be served on the estate of the deceased employer as letters
of administration had not been extracted by the personal representatives. As a
result, the validity of the Writ had to be extended for service up to 20
December 2005.

5 At a coroner’s inquiry held on 15 September 2005 into the accident, the
State Coroner recorded a verdict of misadventure. In the course of the
inquiry, he made observations which suggested that the manufacturers of oxygen
gas cylinders could be at fault in not complying with blow-down procedures,
when installing oxygen into the tanks, to rectify any contamination in the
tanks. Pang’s lawyers took the view that the Coroner’s observations would make
it difficult for Pang to prove negligence against his employer.

6 Another prior unrelated event also gave Pang’s solicitors reason not to
proceed under the common law. In a letter dated 8 October 2004, the employer’s
insurers, NTUC Income, denied liability on the ground that the policy did not
cover the carrying out of hot works at D-Sign Advertising’s factory. In these
circumstances, and coupled with the fact that the deceased employer had left
behind two young children, Pang decided not to proceed with his action which,
if he had succeeded, would only result in the estate of his employer being
personally liable in damages for his injuries. For all these reasons, Pang
allowed the Writ to lapse on 20 December 2005.

7 On 12 January 2006, Pang wrote to the Chief Inspector of Factories (“the
Chief Inspector”) at the Ministry of Manpower (“MOM”) for a copy of the
investigation report. The Chief Inspector replied on 21 February 2006 and,
based on legal advice, rejected Pang’s request for the investigation report.
This was in spite of the fact that the Chief Inspector had, in a letter dated
9 December 2004, stated that the investigation report could only be released
to Pang when all “outstanding legal actions had been concluded”. On 3 April
2006, Pang applied to the Commissioner to proceed with the Compensation Claim,
some two years and three months after the explosion. On 3 May 2006, the
Commissioner, in a letter signed by the head of the claims management section,
replied as follows:

We refer to the letter dated 03/04/2006 from your former solicitors, Acies Law
Corporation, stating your wish to claim workmen’s compensation.

2 Section 11(1) of the Workmen’s Compensation Act states that a claim for
workmen’s compensation has to be made within one year from the date of the
accident. We regret to inform you that, as you had made an expressed
withdrawal of your workmen’s compensation claim on 27/08/2004 through your
former solicitors, Ms Jeanny Ng, the one-year time bar applies. You are
precluded from reinstating the workmen’s compensation claim unless you are
able to provide reasons for this late submission.

3 We also wish to inform you that the institution and subsequent
discontinuation of your common law action cannot be accepted as a reasonable
cause for late submission of claim.

8 On 10 July 2006, Pang’s solicitors replied to the Commissioner and gave the
following reasons for the late submission:

(a) Pang’s serious injuries required medical treatment for more than a year;

(b) the common law action was commenced within one year from the date of
accident to preserve Pang’s right to workmen’s compensation, as required by s
33(3) of the Act;

(c) the employer’s liability was unclear until the coroner’s inquiry, which
took place more than 20 months after the explosion;

(d) the verdict of misadventure at the inquiry and MOM’s refusal to release
the investigation report made it difficult for Pang to prove liability at
common law;

(e) whilst the Act precluded double recovery, the Act provided compensation as
an alternative remedy if the common law action was dismissed, so long as the
common law suit was brought within a year of the incident causing the injury;
and

(f) the Commissioner had allowed the claim of Pang’s colleague, Ms Tan Ai Lam
(“Tan”), to proceed in similar circumstances. The sequence of events in Tan’s
claim for workmen’s compensation was as follows:

(i) the claim was made on 13 January 2004;

(ii) the claim was withdrawn on 21 December 2004;

(iii) a writ was filed on 27 December 2004, its validity was extended to 27
June 2005 and it expired on 27 January 2006 without having been served;

(iv) Tan wrote to the Commissioner to proceed with her claim for workmen’s
compensation on 27 February 2006;

(v) the Commissioner directed NTUC Income to effect payment of her claim.

9 On 18 August 2006, Pang’s solicitors had to send a reminder in order to
elicit a reply from the Commissioner who, after apologising for the delay in
replying, said in a letter dated 7 September 2006:

After careful consideration, we regret the reasons you have provided cannot be
accepted as a reasonable cause for late submission of workmen’s compensation
claim.

This reply left Pang with no choice but to commence judicial review
proceedings against the Commissioner.

**Proceedings in the High Court**

10 On 22 November 2006, Pang applied to the High Court for leave for judicial
review of the Commissioner’s decision as follows:

(a) for a quashing order to quash the decision of the Commissioner barring
Pang from claiming compensation and refusing to assess the Compensation Claim;
and

(b) for a mandatory order directing the Commissioner to reinstate Pang’s case
and to assess the Compensation Claim.

11 In the High Court, the Judge dismissed Pang’s application for the following
reasons:

(a) Firstly, as Pang did not assert any illegality or impropriety on the part
of the Commissioner, the only possible ground to impugn the Commissioner’s
decision was that of irrationality. In that regard, the Commissioner’s
decision could not be said to be irrational such that no reasonable person
would come to that decision.

(b) Secondly, the Commissioner’s decision was consistent with a long line of
authorities that Pang’s actions did not constitute reasonable cause under s
11(4) of the Act, _viz_ , _Prophet v Roberts_ (1918) 11 BWCC 301, _Lingley v
Thomas Firth and Sons, Limited_ [1921] 1 KB 655 (“ _Lingley_ ”) and L A
Sheridan, “Late National Insurance Claims: Cause for Delay” (1956) 19 MLR 341.

(c) Lastly, the Commissioner’s decision to accept Tan’s claim for compensation
was not discriminatory against Pang as her claim had been made final under s
24(3) of the Act even before she withdrew her claim on 21 December 2004.

**Proceedings on appeal**

12 On appeal before us, Pang contended that the Judge’s refusal to grant leave
was wrong on the following grounds:

(a) the Commissioner’s decision was an error of law as Pang’s actions
constituted reasonable cause for failure to make a claim within the requisite
one-year period under s 11(4) of the Act;

(b) Pang had a legitimate expectation that his claim would be allowed by
reason of Tan’s case (see [8] above) since in the case of _G Elangovan v
Applied Movers & Trading Pte Ltd_ District Court Suit No 2065 of 2004, the
Commissioner had admitted to the court that a workman was entitled to withdraw
his claim for workmen’s compensation at any time until he had received the
compensation sum awarded and signed the letter acknowledging receipt of the
compensation.

(c) the Commissioner was irrational in that he failed to give any reason for
refusing to accept the Compensation Claim.

Before we consider these grounds, it is desirable that we first discuss the
legislative object of the Act to facilitate a better understanding of our
reasons why we held that the Commissioner’s decision was wrong both in law and
in his understanding of the policy of the Act.

**Object of the Act**

13 Under the common law, a workman who has suffered injuries by an accident
arising out of and in the course of his employment may be able to recover
damages for his injury from his employer only if he is able to prove that his
employer has breached its duty to him. Even where the workman succeeds in his
action against the employer, there is no certainty that the employer has the
financial means to pay the damages unless the employer is adequately insured.
At the beginning of the 19th century in England, with the growth of
industrialisation, there was a felt need for legislation to protect workmen
and their families from such hazards. In 1897, the English parliament enacted
the first workmen’s compensation legislation to fill this need by introducing
no-fault claims against employers. The statutory scheme provided that every
worker injured or killed in an accident arising out of and in the course of
his employment was entitled to compensation irrespective of fault. Workmen’s
compensation was first introduced in the Straits Settlements in 1929. During
the first reading of the Workmen’s Compensation Bill (Bill 502 of 1929) on 25
March 1929, the Attorney-General Michael Henry Whitley said (see Straits
Settlements, Colony of Singapore, _Proceedings of the Legislative Council_ (25
March 1929) at pp B30 and B33):

[T]he common law imposes a duty on an employer to see that his workmen shall
not suffer injury in consequence of his personal negligence or through his
failure properly to superintend the undertaking upon which they are engaged. A
breach of this duty causing personal injury to a workman gives the workman a
right to compensation against the employer. If death ensues in consequence of
such an injury, compensation may be recovered from the employer under the
Civil Law Ordinance by the wife, husband, parent or child of the deceased
workman. But, except to that limited extent, compensation for personal injury
cannot be recovered by a workman in this Colony from his employer.

It is the object of this Bill to remedy that defect and to enable a workman to
recover in respect of any personal injury caused by any accident arising out
of, and in the course of, his employment, subject to certain exceptions. …

…

The amount of compensation conferred by this Bill is additional to and not in
substitution for the common law rights and the rights given by the Civil Law
Ordinance to which I have referred. But of course the workman must not be
permitted to obtain one award from the Court and another from the Commissioner
in respect of the same injury. Also he should not be encouraged to bring
speculative actions.

The Bill was ultimately passed in 1932 as the Workmen’s Compensation Ordinance
(Ord 9 of 1932).

14 Since then, the Act remained substantially the same until 1975 when it was
amended to improve the protection given to workers by, _inter alia_ ,
increasing the amount of compensation payable under the Act and shortening the
timelines within which employers had to pay out workmen’s compensation. The
amendments reflected the concern of the Government for the general welfare of
workers. In answering questions on how the Act could be enhanced, Mr Sia Kah
Hui, then Minister of State for Labour said (see _Singapore Parliamentary
Debates, Official Report_ (7 March 1972) vol 31 at col 465):

According to the Act, the injured worker is entitled to compensation,
regardless of whether or not he is responsible for the accident. Members will
no doubt agree that this is a practical and realistic approach to the question
of compensation. However, the worker has the option of proceeding to claim
damages in the Civil Courts if he feels that the liability for the accident
can be attributed to the employer or a third party.

15 Further, Parliament recognised that an injured workman would have foremost
in his mind the quantum of compensation or damages he was entitled to recover
in deciding whether to take up a common law action or to make a claim under
the Act (see _Report of the Select Committee on the Workmen’s Compensation
Bill_ (Parl 2 of 1975, 15 July 1975) (Chairman: Dr Yeoh Ghim Seng) at Appendix
III, p B9, col 18. Accordingly, the Act gave him the choice to elect which
remedy he wished to have. It was not intended to penalise the workman for
choosing to commence a common law action in preference to workmen’s
compensation which was invariably lower than damages.

16 The Act was again amended in 1981, 1990 and 2008 without affecting the main
objective and basic principles of the Act. Indeed, one amendment enhanced the
right of the workman to pursue his common law claim. In introducing amendments
to s 11(1) of the Act, the then Acting Minister for Labour Mr Sia Kah Hui said
(at _Singapore Parliamentary Debates, Official Report_ (28 November 1980) vol
39 at col 1561–1562):

Finally, section 33(2) of the Workmen’s Compensation Act allows a workman to
claim compensation, having failed in his claim at common law, provided he
filed his common law claim within the time specified in section 11, that is,
six months from the happening of the accident. A number of claimants have
indicated that this period gives them very little time to decide whether to
claim at common law or under the Act. Clause 3 of the Bill, therefore, seeks
to extend this period from six months to one year.

In other words, the Legislature extended the limitation period under s 11(1)
of the Act in the interests of workers in order that they would be given more
time to decide whether to sue for damages under the common law.

17 In 2008, the Act was amended again to extend its application to other
categories of workmen, update compensation norms and improve the efficiency
and effectiveness of the compensation process. In his speech in Parliament at
the second reading of the Workmen’s Compensation (Amendment) Bill (Bill 50 of
2007) (see _Singapore Parliamentary Debates, Official Report_ (22 January
2008) vol 84), Mr Gan Kim Yong, then Minister of State (Education and
Manpower), reiterated the objective of the Act in the following words:

The Workmen’s Compensation Act … provides a simpler and quicker way to settle
compensation claims by avoiding protracted legal proceedings. An employee
claiming under the Act is not required to prove that his employer is at fault.
He only needs to show that his injury was sustained in the course of work.
There is also a fixed formula in the Act on the amount of compensation to be
awarded, and capped so that the financial liability on the employer is
limited. The no-fault claims and prescribed amounts of compensation serve to
facilitate and expedite claims under the [Act]. However, employees can still
choose not to claim under the [Act], but instead to pursue damages through the
civil courts under the common law.

**The statutory scheme**

18 Having stated the legislative objective of the Act, it is now necessary to
examine the provisions of the Act to see how they implement that objective.
For present purposes, the relevant provisions are ss 3, 7, 11, 12, 13, 23, 24
and 33 of the Act, the substance of which we now summarise.

19 Section 3(1) of the Act provides that if in any employment, personal injury
by accident arising out of and in the course of the employment is caused to a
workman, his employer shall be liable to pay compensation in accordance with
the provisions of the Act. A workman is entitled to compensation even if he
himself caused the accident or the employer was not responsible for the
accident. The only condition that has to be satisfied is that the accident
must arise out of and in the course of the employment. Section 7 of the Act
provides that the amount of compensation payable shall be in accordance with
the provisions of Third Schedule to the Act, which, because it is based on no-
fault liability, is pitched lower than common law damages. To cover the
employer’s liability, s 23 of the Act requires every employer to insure and
maintain insurance with a licensed insurer against any liability which he may
incur under the Act to any workman employed by him.

20 Section 11 of the Act governs the procedural requirements for giving notice
and making a claim. The relevant portions of s 11 merits reproduction in full:

**Notice and claim**

**11**.—(1)  Except as provided in this section, proceedings for the recovery
of compensation for an injury under this Act shall not be maintainable unless
—

(_a_) notice of the accident has been given to the employer by or on behalf of
the workman as soon as practicable after the happening thereof; and

(_b_) a claim for compensation with respect to that accident has been made
within one year from the happening of the accident causing the injury, or, in
the case of death, within one year from the date of the death.

…

(4) The failure to make a claim within the period specified in subsection (1)
shall not be a bar to the maintenance of proceedings if it is found that the
failure was occasioned by mistake, absence from Singapore or other reasonable
cause.

Section 11(1) is self-explanatory except for the words “as soon as
practicable” which are not relevant in the present case. Section 11(4)
provides that if a workman fails to make a claim within the one year from the
happening of the accident (“the limitation period”), he may not make such a
claim unless the failure was occasioned by mistake, absence from Singapore or
other reasonable cause. The situations in which s 11(4) apply and the
conditions in which it applies (“failure”, “mistake” or other “reasonable
cause”) have not been the subject of judicial comment or decision. The appeal
before us is concerned with whether Pang has shown “reasonable cause” in
making a fresh claim outside the limitation period. As we shall see, s 11(4)
is not free from interpretational difficulties.

21 Section 12 of the Act provides that every employer shall give notice to the
Commissioner and to his insurer in writing of the occurrence of any accident
within the periods specified therein. Section 13 of the Act requires the
employer to have the injured worker medically examined at the employer’s
expense. Section 24 of the Act empowers the Commissioner to assess and make an
order on the amount of compensation payable to any person.

22 It can be readily seen from these provisions that the relevant parties
whose interests are involved in the operation of the statutory scheme are: (a)
the injured workmen; (b) the employers; (c) the insurers; and (d) the
Commissioner. The Act regulates the respective rights and liabilities of the
first three parties in different ways. The workman has an absolute right to
workmen’s compensation, whether or not he was at fault. The employer is liable
once it is proved that the injury to the workman arose out of and in the
course of employment under him. The insurer is similarly liable once the
employer is liable. To ensure that the interests of the employer and the
insurer are protected, the accident has to be notified to them within certain
prescribed times so that they can investigate the accident to determine
whether they are at financial risk, thereby enabling them to manage such risks
properly. This is reinforced by the obligation of the workman to make a claim
for compensation within a year unless he has reasonable cause for not doing
so. The role of the Commissioner is to facilitate the payment of workmen’s
compensation to injured workmen (that being the objective of the Act) but, at
the same time, taking into account the interests of the employers.

23 The objective of the Act is to provide no-fault compensation to injured
workmen as an alternative remedy to common law damages which are invariably
higher than workmen’s compensation. However, the Act does not replace or
substitute compensation for damages if the workman prefers to sue for damages.
But, the Act also limits the rights of workmen to compensation if they have
obtained damages for the same injuries in a court of law so as to prevent the
workman from obtaining double compensation for his injuries. Section 33 of the
Act makes provision for this objective by providing as follows:

**Limitation of workman’s right of action**

**33**.—(1) Nothing in this Act shall be deemed to confer any right to
compensation on a workman in respect of any injury if he has instituted an
action for damages in respect of that injury in any court against his employer
or if he has recovered damages in respect of that injury in any court from his
employer.

(2) No action for damages shall be maintainable in any court by a workman
against his employer in respect of any injury —

(_a_) if he has applied to the Commissioner for compensation under the
provisions of this Act; or

(_b_) if he has recovered damages in respect of the injury in any court from
any other person.

(3) If an action is brought within the time specified in section 11 in any
court to recover damages independently of this Act for injury caused by any
accident and it is determined in the action or on appeal that the injury is
one for which the employer is not liable but that he would have been liable to
pay compensation under the provisions of this Act, the action shall be
dismissed; but the court shall, if the workman so chooses, proceed to assess
the compensation and may deduct therefrom all or any part of the costs which,
in its judgment, have been caused by the workman instituting the action
instead of proceeding under this Act.

**Scope of section 33**

24 Before we discuss the scope of s 33 of the Act, it is necessary to
emphasise that the Act leaves it entirely to the workman to choose whether he
should claim for compensation under the Act or sue for common law damages. A
workman may apply for workmen’s compensation without suing at common law or
_vice versa_. The basic principle is that the Act is not intended to allow a
workman to recover compensation under the Act or common law damages for the
same injury. The object of the Act is not to give to workmen the right of
double recovery of compensation and damages for the same injury but to give
them compensation even if the employers have not failed in their common law or
statutory duties to provide them with a safe working environment, or if they
themselves are negligent in the performance of their work.

**_The case of_ Chua Ah Beng v Commissioner for Labour**

25 However, whilst the Act is clear in prohibiting double recovery of
compensation and damages for the same injury, it is not so clear as to the
extent and the manner in which it prohibits concurrent proceedings. In _Chua
Ah Beng v Commissioner for Labour_ [2002] 4 SLR 854 (“ _Chua Ah Beng_ ”), Tay
Yong Kwang JC held that s 33(1) prohibited a workman who had started a common
law action from making a compensation claim under the Act, and that the
workman must discontinue the action if he wished to apply for compensation
under the Act. At [37] of _Chua Ah Beng_ , he said:

I would qualify the ‘no double proceedings, no double compensation’ principle
advanced in submissions to read as ‘no concurrent proceedings, no double
proceedings when workman succeeds, no double compensation’.

26 The problem with s 33 is not that it does not prohibit concurrent
proceedings but that it is not clear what a concurrent proceeding is for that
purpose. The question is whether a compensation claim held in abeyance by the
Commissioner pending a subsequent common law claim is a concurrent proceeding
or whether a stayed action pending a compensation claim is a concurrent
proceeding. In _Chua Ah Beng_ , Tay JC held that a compensation claim held in
abeyance (and in that case, the evidence showed that the Commissioner had
agreed to hold the workman’s claim in abeyance to allow him to pursue his
common law claim) was a concurrent claim and therefore he had to treat one or
the other as having been withdrawn. In that case, as the common law claim
proceeded all the way to the Court of Appeal, Tay JC held that the
compensation claim had been deemed to have been withdrawn; otherwise it would
have meant that the court proceedings were a nullity. At [38] and [39] of
_Chua Ah Beng_ , Tay JC reasoned:

The plaintiff [Chua] is asking the court to order the Commissioner for Labour
to reinstate and to assess his claim. The defendant very candidly informs me
that the practice adopted thus far is to allow applications under the [Act]
(such as the plaintiff’s in this case) _to lie dormant while the workman
pursues his remedy in court. This practice obviously cannot stand in the light
of what I have said about s 33(2)(a) of the [Act]. As long as an application
exists before the Commissioner for Labour, whether it is active or dormant,
the plaintiff cannot maintain his action in court_. In … _Ying Tai Plastic_
[_& Metal Manfuacturing (S) Pte Ltd v Zahrin bin Rabu_ [1982-1983] SLR 117]_…_
, the Court of Appeal said the ‘right to compensation under the Act _lies
dormant while he pursues his common law action_ ’. It is the ‘right to
compensation’ and not ‘the claim filed’ that lies dormant. The Court of Appeal
also made it clear that the right to maintain a court action revives only when
the application under the [Act] is withdrawn.

39 … However, s 33(2)(a) of the [Act] is a mandatory statutory bar to court
proceedings. The only logical solution in these circumstances is to hold that
the plaintiff is _deemed to have withdrawn_ his claim under the [Act] when he
informed the Commissioner for Labour that he was going to commence an action
in court. There is therefore no application before the Commissioner for Labour
to restore for assessment and no order of certiorari or of mandamus will
therefore be made.

[emphasis added]

27 It is, of course, arguable that Tay JC’s solution was not the _only_
logical conclusion on the facts of that case. There were two other possible
solutions available to him. The first was to hold that the court proceedings
were a nullity, as Kan Ting Chiu J did in _Saldur Rahman v Mayban General
Assurance Bhd_ [2005] 3 SLR 277 (“ _Saldur Rahman_ ”). The second was to hold
that a claim held in abeyance did not fall within s 33(1) or s 33(2)(_a_) of
the Act on the ground that those two provisions were applicable only to
current claims and that a suspended claim was not a current claim.

**_The case of_ Rahenah bte L Mande v Baxter Healthcare Pte Ltd**

28 Tay JC’s decision in _Chua Ah Beng_ follows the earlier decision of Judith
Prakash J in _Rahenah bte L Mande v Baxter Healthcare Pte Ltd_ [2002] SGHC 320
(“ _Rahenah_ ”). In that case, R, the injured worker, made a claim for
workmen’s compensation. However, because of the delay in processing her claim,
she commenced a common law action against her employer, after giving notice to
the Commissioner of her intention to do so, but without withdrawing her
compensation claim. The employer applied to strike out R’s action on the
ground it was a nullity by virtue of s 33(2)(_a_) of the Workmen’s
Compensation Act (Cap 354, 1985 Rev Ed). Prakash J ordered the action to be
struck out on the ground that she was bound by the decision of the Court of
Appeal in _Ying Tai Plastic & Metal Manufacturing (S) Pte Ltd v Zahrin bin
Rabu_ [1982-1983] SLR 117 (“ _Ying Tai Plastic_ ”) to hold that R’s action was
a nullity. Of course, if Prakash J was bound by _Ying Tai Plastic_ , so was
Tay JC in _Chua Ah Beng_.

**_The case of_ Saldur Rahman**

29 In _Saldur Rahman_ , Kan J followed the decision of Prakash J in _Rahenah_
, and held that the common law action in that case (which the workman had
commenced _after_ he had made a claim for compensation under the Act but
without withdrawing it expressly) was a nullity. The reason why he held that
the action was a nullity was because he found, as a fact, that the workman had
not withdrawn his compensation (unlike the workman in _Chua Ah Beng_ , which
Kan J distinguished on that very ground). _Saldur Rahman_ was therefore
decided on the basis that a suspended claim is a current proceeding in the
context of the prohibition against concurrent proceedings, a point that was
not decided by this court in _Ying Tai Plastic_ , which we will now discuss.

**_The case of_ Ying Tai Plastic**

30 In _Ying Tai Plastic_ ([28] _supra_), Z (the worker) had affixed his
thumbprint to a document to apply for workmen’s compensation for personal
injuries. Subsequently, he sued for damages at common law. Z’s employer raised
a preliminary issue that the common law action was barred by s 33(1)(_a_) of
the Workmen’s Compensation Act (Act 25 of 1975) (“the 1975 Act”) (now s
33(2)(_a_) of the Act). The High Court held that Z was not precluded from
maintaining the action if he withdrew his claim for compensation (see _Zahrin
bin Rabu v Ying Tai Plastic & Metal Manufacturing (S) Pte Ltd_ [1982-1983] SLR
301). On appeal, the employer argued that the mere application for
compensation under the 1975 Act abrogated the workman’s right to an action for
damages at common law and that an application for compensation could not be
withdrawn. The Court of Appeal, after stating that the employer’s liability to
pay compensation under the 1975 Act was absolute, said (at 121, [25]):

Under s 33(1)(a) [now s 33(2)(_a_) of the Act] the worker is debarred from
bringing a common law action for damages so long as there is an application by
the workman before the Commissioner for compensation. But this debarment in no
way affects the cause of action already vested in him. The [1975] Act does not
prohibit the withdrawal of the application for compensation. As soon as the
application for compensation is withdrawn, the right to maintain an action
_revives_ and the workman can then proceed with his action for damages in the
court. The workman’s right to compensation under the [1975] Act lies _dormant_
while he pursues his common law action but should he lose the action he may
choose to ask the court, under s 33(2) [now s 33(3) of the Act] to assess the
compensation under the [1975] Act. [emphasis added]

31 In our view, the decision in _Ying Tai Plastic_ is eminently sensible. A
contrary decision would have seriously diminished the common law right of
injured workmen to sue for damages. They might have applied to the
Commissioner for compensation without legal advice or in ignorance of the fact
that they may obtain higher damages at common law or that the limitation
period for negligence claims is six years. However, it should be noted that
the question before the court in _Ying Tai Plastic_ was whether a workman who
had applied for compensation under the 1975 Act could withdraw the claim and
commence a common law action, and the Court of Appeal answered it in the
affirmative. (Indeed, it was not even necessary for the court to have made a
finding because it held, on the facts, that the workman had not made an
application at all as he was not aware of the purpose of the application to
which he had put his thumbprint.) It held that so long as there was an
application before the Commissioner, the workman could not claim at common
law. The court did not construe the words “has applied” in the subsection
literally to the act of applying but purposively to an existing application.
What was not in issue and which the court was not asked to determine was
whether a claim held in abeyance (or suspended) came within s 33(1) or s
33(2)(_a_) of the Act. We would now like to address this question.

**_May a claim for compensation be suspended?_**

32 Nevertheless, Tay JC in _Chua Ah Beng_ held that a suspended claim was a
current proceeding under s 33(2)(_a_) of the Act on the ground that this court
had so decided in _Ying Tai Plastic_ (see [25] of _Chua Ah Beng_ where he
pointed out that this court had referred to _the_ _right to compensation_
lying dormant and not _the filed claim_)_._ Tay JC’s approach is consistent
with that of Prakash J in _Rahenah_ in relation to the question of whether the
word “maintainable” can refer to an action that is not current, _eg_ , when it
has been stayed. At [30] of _Rahenah_ , she said:

The District Judge appeared to consider that the word ‘maintainable’ as used
in s 33(2)(_a_) meant actively prosecuting an action. This was not the
interpretation given to that word by [F A] Chua J in [_Ying Tai Plastic_]. The
Court of Appeal equated ‘maintainable’ with ‘bringing a common law action for
damages’. Chua J accepted that the word ‘maintainable’ referred to the right
to bring an action and not to the right to actively prosecute it. This accords
with the definition of the term ‘right of action’ given by _Black’s Law
Dictionary_ (6th Ed) which states that that term includes ‘the legal right to
maintain an action’.

Notwithstanding these two rulings, _ie_ : (a) in _Rahenah_ , if the workman
has a claim before the Commissioner, he has no right to commence a common law
action; and (b) in _Chua Ah Beng_ , a suspended claim is a current proceeding
and thereby prevents the right to commence a common law action, it is arguable
that a dormant right to compensation includes a dormant claim, _ie_ , a
suspended claim. Such a claim is not current. Similarly, a stayed action is
not current.

33 In principle, there is no reason why one or the other (and it does not
matter which is made first in time) may not be suspended or stayed so that the
other may be proceeded with. As a matter of policy, there is no reason why a
claim for compensation should not be held in abeyance and, if so held, why it
should be treated as a “concurrent” proceeding under s 33(1) or s 33(2)(_a_)
since it would not result in double recovery of compensation and damages. It
would also not prejudice the interests of the employer and the insurer as both
would have had sufficient notice to investigate the claim or the action and to
defend either accordingly, if the facts so warranted it. Such an approach
avoids the interpretational problem in relation to the words “failure to make
a claim” in s 11(4) of the Act (dealt with at [53]–[54] below) and also gives
better effect to the object of the Act in providing fault-free compensation to
workmen injured or killed by accidents arising out of and in the course of
their employment. Indeed, the Commissioner had previously adopted the practice
of suspending claims under the Act to allow workmen to claim under the common
law until the practice was held to have been wrong by Tay JC. In this
connection, reference may also be made to s 33(3) which requires the court, if
the workman so chooses, to assess the compensation payable to him if his
action is dismissed in circumstances where the employer would have been liable
to pay compensation under the Act. The effect of s 33(3) is consistent with
the rationale that there is nothing objectionable with concurrent proceedings
provided they are disposed of sequentially to avoid double recovery of
compensation and damages or _vice versa_.

34 However, the appeal before us was not concerned with this issue, and
therefore it is not necessary for us to deal with it. Nevertheless, it is
necessary to point out that this court did not decide this issue in _Ying Tai
Plastic_ , contrary to the understanding of Prakash J in _Rahenah_ and that of
Tay JC in _Chua Ah Beng_. In the present case, Pang had made a claim under the
Act and then withdrew it in order to sue his employer at common law. When he
was later advised by his solicitors that his action might fail and that the
employer’s insurer had disclaimed liability, he decided to discontinue his
action in order not to incur more legal costs and waste court time. He then
applied to the Commissioner to assess his compensation claim. The Commissioner
rejected it on the ground that it was made outside the limitation period under
s 11(4) and he had not shown that he had reasonable cause for failing to claim
within that period. He applied to the High Court for judicial review, but his
application was dismissed by the Judge on the ground that he could not show
that the Commissioner’s decision was irrational (or unreasonable according to
the test laid down in _Associated Provincial Picture Houses_ , _Limited v
Wednesday Corporation_ [1948] 1 KB 223).

**Issue before this court**

35 The issue argued before us was therefore a narrow one, given that the
parties had agreed that s 11(4) was applicable to Pang’s case. The issue was
whether Pang’s failure to make a compensation claim within the limitation
period was occasioned by a reasonable cause under s 11(4) of the Act. As we
have stated earlier, we decided this issue in favour of Pang and set aside the
decision of the Judge. We will now explain why we held that Pang’s reasons for
his failure to make a claim within the limitation period amounted to
reasonable cause.

**_Meaning of “reasonable cause” in section 11(4) of the Act_**

36 Section 11(4) of the Act requires a worker who makes a claim under the Act
outside the limitation period to show reasonable cause why he was late in
making his claim. However, the Act does not define what a reasonable cause is.
The first issue that has to be determined with respect to this point is
whether a reasonable cause is a question of law or a question of fact. The
Commissioner’s position is that it is a question of fact. Pang’s position is
that it is a question of law. We shall consider this question later, but for
the moment, we will only observe that whether it is one or the other, the
Commissioner has given us the benefit of his views on what “reasonable cause”
is _not_ rather than what it _is_. He decided that Pang’s actions did not
constitute reasonable cause, which is not helpful to this court in determining
what would constitute reasonable cause.

37 In the High Court, the Judge accepted the Commissioner’s argument that
Pang’s failure to make his claim within the limitation period was not
occasioned by reasonable cause, relying on the line of authorities beginning
with _Lingley_ ([11] _supra_) and a passage from Prof Sheridan’s article ([11]
_supra_) at 343 reproduced below:

_Deliberate election not to claim_

On principle, when a person knows he could claim and decides not to, there is
not good cause for delay in claiming if he changes his mind. This has been
laid down in cases of sickness benefit, and was the doctrine with regard to
reasonable cause of the workmen’s compensation cases.

Before us, counsel for the Commissioner (“State Counsel”) relied on the same
argument and authorities and, in addition, referred to a series of post-
_Lingley_ cases which, he argued, supported the Judge’s decision: _Atherton v
Chorley Colliery Co, Ltd_ (1926) 19 BWCC 314 (“ _Atherton_ ”), _Patrick_
_Devons v Alexander Anderson & Sons_ 1911 SC 181 (“ _Devons_ ”), _Abel v
Estler Brothers_ (1919) 12 BWCC 184 (“ _Abel_ ”) and _Drewett v Britannia
Assurance Co, Ltd_ (1927) 20 BWCC 434 (“ _Drewett_ ”).

38 In our view, State Counsel and the Judge have misunderstood the _Lingley_
-line of cases. As Prof Sheridan’s article made clear, he was discussing cases
in which the workers had _deliberately elected_ not to claim workmen’s
compensation, and not cases like the present where the worker had indeed made
a compensation claim but ultimately opted for a better alternative which the
Act allowed him to do. In the _Lingley_ -line of cases, the workers had
initially elected _not_ to claim workmen’s compensation for various reasons
and had only decided to do so after the expiry of the limitation period and
after they had failed to get what they had wanted from their respective
employers. In those circumstances, the English courts held that the workmen
had never wanted to claim workmen’s compensation, and for that reason they
were not entitled to make claims outside the limitation period as their
conduct might have prejudiced the interests of the employers who were not put
on notice that there could be claims for workmen’s compensation.

39 In _Lingley_ , the applicant, a munitions worker, was injured on 21 August
1917 but she did not make a claim until February 1920. Under the relevant
workmen’s compensation legislation, she was required to make a claim within
six months from the date of the accident. Thus, in _Lingley_ , the applicant
was two years out of time. Her only reason for not making a claim was that she
regarded her injury as not serious and she wanted to continue working. The
Court of Appeal held that no reasonable cause had been shown. Scrutton LJ
dealt with the policy considerations of the limitation period for making a
claim and said (at 672) that the court must not overlook “the interests of the
employer, which require that the employer should have the chance of
investigating the accident, and considering the point with the evidence upon
it”.

40 In _Devons_ ([37] _supra_) and _Abel_ ([37] _supra_), the workmen in both
cases were offered workmen’s compensation by their employers but they rejected
it. Their claims for compensation were also made outside the limitation
period. The saddest case was that of the workman in _Drewett_ ([37] _supra_).
He was injured in the course of employment but continued to work until he was
summarily dismissed for misconduct. In the hope of getting reinstatement he
threatened to sue his employers but made no claim for workmen’s compensation
until two days after the expiry of the limitation period. The Court of Appeal,
following _Lingley_ , upheld the County Court’s finding that the workman had
never intended to make a claim during the limitation period and therefore had
not shown reasonable cause for the delay. It would therefore appear that up to
the 1920s the English courts were focused on the question of whether the
workman had deliberately elected not to make a timely claim for workmen’s
compensation.

41 In our view, the _Lingley_ -line of cases are clearly inapplicable to
Pang’s case in three respects. First, in the present case, Pang had not
elected not to claim compensation under the Act. In fact, he made such a claim
well within the limitation period, but had to withdraw it in order to sue his
employer at common law. Second, both the employer and the insurer had been
informed of the accident soon after it occurred, and therefore they had not
been prejudiced by being deprived of the opportunity to investigate the
accident to determine whether they were at risk under the Act. In fact, they
were not prejudiced, as it has not been disputed that Pang’s injuries were
caused to him arising out of and in the course of his employment. It may be
recalled that his employer, who was also working with Pang, died from the
accident. Third, the question of prejudice to the insurer would not arise in
the context of Singapore law since the Chief Inspector of Factories had a
statutory duty to investigate all accidents in factories and he had done so in
the present case. Therefore, the concerns that were material to the courts in
the _Lingley_ -line of cases were absent in the present case.

42 In _James_ _Gillespie v Convoys, Limited_ 1939 SC 568 (“ _Gillespie_ ”) at
574, the Second Division of the Scottish Court of Session explained the
rationale for the requirement that a claim under s 14 of the Workmen’s
Compensation Act 1925 (c 84) (UK) must be made within the limitation period as
follows:

Wherever a workman who has met with a serious injury is detained in hospital
during the whole statutory period of claim and has failed to claim timeously,
the Court will always be anxious to examine carefully and sympathetically all
the circumstances that will support a plea of mistake or reasonable case, and
such questions when they arise will never be measured in too nice scales. The
Legislature by its enactment of the proviso to section 14 clearly intended
that workmen were not to be deprived of the benefits of compensation through
their claims being out of time where the failure could be reasonably excused.
On the other hand, the statutory requirement is not a mere formality. As was
pointed out by Lord Atkinson in _Thompson_ v. _Goold & Co_ [[1910] 1 AC 409 at
413], “the main if not the only object of requiring the claim for compensation
to be made within six months from the accident is to protect the employer from
stale demands.” The employer is entitled to know whether he is to be met with
a claim or not. The Court, therefore, must always be careful not to admit as
an excuse anything that is not a real excuse, for were it to do so it would
destroy the value of the statutory provision.

More specifically, Scrutton LJ held in _Atherton_ ([37] _supra_) at 322 that
the provision in the Workmen’s Compensation Act 1925 was intended to allow the
employer to:

… take steps to protect himself, one of the most obvious steps being seeing
that evidence is obtained as to the nature of the accident or illness, and
having the state of the man at that time ascertained by satisfactory medical
evidence, and if notice of a claim in that sense is not given, the employer
may obviously be prejudiced in his defence …

43 In the present case, all the safeguards contemplated by the Act for the
protection of the interests of the employers and the insurers were satisfied
and their liability to Pang for compensation under the Act had crystallised
long before Pang decided to institute his common law action against his
employer. As the court in _Gillespie_ (at 574) said, the UK legislature, by
its enactment of the proviso to s 14 of the Workmen’s Compensation Act 1925,
clearly intended that workmen were not to be deprived of the benefits of
compensation through their claims being out of time where the failure could be
reasonably excused.

**_“Reasonable cause” is a question of law_**

44 What then is a reasonable cause? As we have stated earlier, the
Commissioner has never explained what a reasonable cause is under s 11(4) of
the Act or why the reasons given by Pang were not sufficient to qualify as
reasonable cause. State Counsel, in both his written and oral submissions,
avoided this issue by arguing that it was a question of fact and not of law,
and that the court should not disturb the Commissioner’s finding of fact. He
referred to a passage from the judgment of MacKinnon LJ in _Harris v James
Howden & Co (Land), Ltd_ [1939] 3 All ER 34 (“ _Harris_ ”) which reads as
follows (at 38):

It seems to me that a question as to whether or not there has been a mistake
or other reasonable cause is primarily a question of fact, and, in the normal
case when it comes on appeal from a county court judge who has found, or who
has not found, that there was a mistake or other reasonable cause, the
function of the Court of Appeal is only to say whether or not there was
evidence on which he could make that finding.

45 We did not accept this submission. In our view, the court must first
determine the legislative meaning of the words “other reasonable cause” before
it can determine whether the facts come within that meaning. The determination
of that meaning is a question of law. In _Shotts Iron Company, Limited v
Fordyce_ [1930] AC 503 (“ _Shotts_ ”), the House of Lords held that what
circumstances amounted to a reasonable cause was a question of law and not a
question of fact under the corresponding English legislation (see also
_Halsbury’s Laws of England_ vol 34 (Butterworth & Co (Publisher), Ltd, 2nd
Ed, 1940) at para 1208; W Addington Willis & R Marven Everett, _Willis’s
Workmen’s Compensation Acts_ (Butterworth & Co (Publishers), Ltd, 36th Ed,
1944) at p 436). In _Shotts_ , the question arose as to whether there was
reasonable cause for the workman to make a late application for workmen’s
compensation. Lord Sankey LC said (at 507–508):

[I]t was first argued on behalf of the employers that an appeal was not
competent because the question was one of fact, and there was evidence which
justified the finding of the Sheriff-Substitute.

With this contention I am unable to agree. As Lord Parmoor said in _King_ v.
_Port of London Authority_ [[1920] AC 1 at 31]: “No doubt the relevant facts
should be found by the learned judge, and then it becomes a question of law
whether these facts are such as to constitute a reasonable cause within the
provision of the statute.” That decision was followed by the English Court of
Appeal in _Hillman v. London, Brighton and South Coast Ry. Co._ [[1920] 1 KB
284 at 288], where Warrington L.J. said: “The facts are sufficiently found by
the judgment of the county court judge, and are not in dispute. It is now open
to us, if we think that the county court judge has from those facts drawn the
wrong conclusion of law, to reverse his decision.” _In my view, the question
whether the facts as found amount to reasonable cause is one of law._

[emphasis added]

Lord Macmillan was equally direct (at 514):

The question in the present case was not whether the facts found entitled the
arbitrator to draw from them the conclusion which he formed, in the sense that
there was evidence from which he could so conclude in fact, but whether on the
facts found the arbitrator was right in law in his conclusion.

46 Given the difference of opinion between the English judges, we prefer the
opinion of the House of Lords in _Shotts._ If MacKinnon LJ’s view in _Harris_
represents the law, we would be faced with a situation in which if the
Commissioner decides that facts A, B and C do not constitute reasonable cause,
then _cadit quaestio_ (there is no room for further argument), since the court
would be unable to disagree because that would go into the merits of the
Commissioner’s decision. This would mean that whatever the Commissioner
decides, goes. In our view, this is particularly ironic and unfair, since in
the present case the Commissioner himself is unable to articulate what a
reasonable cause is. His legal position reflects an _ipse dixit_ approach in
the exercise of discretionary power by an administrative agency, an approach
which no court that is prepared to uphold the rule of law will accept.

**_Were Pang’s actions a reasonable cause under section 11(4) of the Act?_**

47 In our view, the words “reasonable cause” should be given an expansive
meaning and one that gives effect to the objective of the Act in providing
compensation to injured workers as a first or last resort. Although this
expression is juxtaposed with two other reasonable causes, _viz_ , mistake and
being out of Singapore, thereby suggesting that a reasonable cause refers to a
physical or mental ability to make a claim for compensation in a timely
manner, it is our view that the concept of reasonable cause in s 11(4) of the
Act should be construed to cover a situation where the workman has exercised a
lawful right given to him by the Act, _ie_ , to pursue his common law remedy
without having to forego his claim for compensation, provided his untimely
claim does not prejudice the interests of the other parties, _viz_ , the
employer or the insurer. What amounts to a reasonable cause has to be
determined on the facts of each case, on the principle of balancing the
interests of the workman and those of the employer or the insurer. In _Harris_
, the English Court of Appeal interpreted the identical words in the
corresponding English Act to apply to a case where the workman could be said
to be more blameworthy than Pang in the present case. In _Harris_ , the widow
of the deceased workman had commenced a common law action outside the
corresponding limitation period for making a workmen’s compensation claim, yet
she sought to avail herself to workmen’s compensation under the equivalent of
our s 33(3) of the Act.

48 Before us, counsel for Pang argued, citing _Gillespie_ ([42] _supra_), that
reasonable cause is established where there are extraneous circumstances
beyond the workman’s control that prevent the workman from making a workmen’s
compensation claim. We agree with counsel’s submission in that what he had
posited would be a reasonable cause. However, we could not agree that it was
applicable to Pang as there were no extraneous circumstances beyond Pang’s
control that had prevented him from making a claim for workmen’s compensation.
Indeed, he did make a claim but withdrew it to pursue a common law action.
These decisions were within his control. So was his decision to discontinue
the action and not to proceed with it such that he could request the court to
assess the workmen’s compensation payable to him should his action be
dismissed. He could have incurred more legal costs and wasted some court time,
but his decision not to do so was within his control. Therefore, _Gillespie_
does not assist Pang’s appeal. If the element of control was the principle
informing the words “reasonable cause” then Pang’s actions would not be a
reasonable cause.

49 However, counsel for Pang also relied on _Harris_ in support of his
argument. In that case, the husband of the plaintiff had been killed in an
accident due to the condition of the floor in a power station. As the case for
a common law claim was strong, the plaintiff did not make a claim for
workmen’s compensation, but wanted to sue certain parties for damages.
However, before she could commence the action, great difficulty was
encountered as to which party was responsible for the condition of the floor.
Ultimately at the trial, the court held that the plaintiff had sued the wrong
party. She then requested the court to assess her workmen’s compensation claim
under s 29(2) of the Workmen’s Compensation Act 1925 (corresponding to our s
33(3) of the Act), but her request was denied by the trial judge because she
had not instituted the action within the prescribed time. On appeal, the
English Court of Appeal held that the decision of the widow, on the advice of
her solicitor, “that she had a much more profitable claim at common law
against the employers or the persons otherwise responsible for the floor
through which, owing to its defective condition, the man fell and was killed”
(see _Harris_ at 36), although that advice turned out to be mistaken, was a
reasonable cause for not making a claim for workmen’s compensation within the
applicable limitation period.

50 In our view, the decision of _Harris_ is helpful to Pang’s case. As we have
stated earlier (at [47] above), the applicant in that case was more
blameworthy than Pang in so far as she had failed to comply with the
applicable limitation period in instituting her common law action. For this
reason, Pang’s case was _a fortiori._ In our view, the decision of Pang to
seek a higher recovery of compensation for his injuries at common law is by
itself a reasonable cause under s 11(4) of the Act, especially when the Act
itself specifically allows him to do so, _and_ when his employer and the
insurer had suffered no prejudice, and their liability under the Act had
crystallised. Furthermore, Pang’s decision to abandon his action for the
reasons given by him was a factor in his favour and should not be construed as
an election to abandon his claim for compensation under the Act. In our view,
it was impossible to view the Commissioner’s rejection of Pang’s claim for
compensation as anything but a grievous misapprehension of the object of the
Act. His decision was not only inconsistent with the object of the Act, but it
also had the effect of relieving the employer and the insurer from a liability
which had already crystallised. In this respect, we recognise that State
Counsel, in defending the Commissioner’s position, was in an unenviable
position of having to defend an indefensible case which was not of his making.

51 Leaving aside these authorities, we were also of the view that there was
another relevant factor in Pang’s favour that the Commissioner should have
taken into account in determining whether Pang had shown reasonable cause
under s 11(4) of the Act. That factor was his desire to save legal costs and
judicial time in not having to pursue a futile claim to the end. In our view,
Pang’s actions were socially responsible and, at the same time, caused no
prejudice to the insurer as its liability to Pang had crystallised long before
the new claim was made. In our view, the Commissioner erred in law in
rejecting Pang’s new claim for compensation.

**_Scope of section 11(4) of the Act – meaning of “failure to make a claim”_**

52 Section 11(4) provides that the failure to make a claim within the
limitation period is not a bar to making such a claim if the failure is
occasioned by, _inter alia_ , a reasonable cause. In the court below, it was
assumed that Pang had failed to do so. In the course of hearing this appeal,
we raised the question whether s 11(4) was applicable to Pang’s case as he had
made a claim which he withdrew in order to sue at common law. It could be
argued that Pang did not fail to make the Compensation Claim within the
limitation period since he did make it within that period. The withdrawal of
the Compensation Claim cannot affect the reality that he had made a claim
although it was subsequently withdrawn. In our view, there is room for
construing s 11(4) purposively by determining its objective. The _Lingley_
-line of cases show clearly that s 11(4) is intended to apply to a case where
the workman had no intention to make a claim under the Act and did not do so
until after the expiry of the limitation period. In such cases, an employer
might have acted on the basis that the workman did not wish to make such a
claim and might have thereby acted in a way prejudicial to its interests. The
case of _Harris_ shows that even if a workman does not make a claim within the
limitation period but has not demonstrated any intention not to make a claim
(in that case, the workman sued at common law outside the limitation period
for making a compensation claim), he may still make a claim under the English
provision corresponding to s 11(4) of the Act. _Harris_ is also authority for
the proposition that the workman’s decision to pursue what he regards as a
“more profitable” claim at common law is a reasonable cause for not making a
compensation claim under the Act.

53 Having regard to the objective of the Act in securing for injured workmen
compensation without fault, and the rationale of s 11(4) that the interests of
an employer should not be prejudiced by the delayed action of a workman in
making a claim under the Act, a workman who has made a timely claim but who
has withdrawn it should not be held to have failed to make a claim under s
11(4). In our view, this is a more rational way to construe s 11(4) than to
apply it to an untimely claim made after a timely claim has been withdrawn in
order to pursue a common law action. The ultimate conclusion is the same.
Either s 11(4) of the Act does not apply, or the workman has shown reasonable
cause. Section 11(4) should therefore be interpreted to apply only to the
_Lingley_ -line of cases where the workman had no intention to make a
compensation claim until after the expiry of the limitation period for making
such a claim. Whether s 11(4) of the Act applies to a particular situation
would depend on the intention of the workman and whether his omission has
caused or is likely to cause prejudice to his employer.

**Second and third grounds of appeal not addressed**

54 As the determination of the first ground of appeal also determined the fate
of the appeal, it was not necessary for us to determine the remaining two
grounds of appeal, _viz_ : (a) whether Pang had a legitimate expectation that
his claim would be allowed by reason of Tan’s case; and (b) whether the
Commissioner’s failure to give any positive reasons for his decision made his
decision irrational and constituted a breach of the rules of natural justice
and fairness.

**Conclusion**

55 For the above reasons, we allowed the appeal with costs and granted leave
to the appellant to proceed with his application for judicial review.

**Observations on _ex parte_ applications for judicial review**

56 We should like to add by way of guidance to judges who hear _ex parte_
applications for leave for judicial review that the purpose of requiring leave
is to enable the court to sieve out frivolous applications. A case such as the
present which clearly raises issues which require more than a cursory
examination of the merits should have been heard as a substantive application.
There is no reason why an _ex parte_ application such as Pang’s could not have
been heard _inter partes_ and disposed of on the merits as a substantive
application. As for this appeal, given our conclusions on the substantive
issues in this case, we indicated to State Counsel that he should advise the
Commissioner that Pang’s claim for workmen’s compensation should be processed
immediately without the necessity of another court hearing, at which the
Commissioner was bound to fail.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 28 May 2008 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

