Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Lim Leong Huat v Chip Hup Hup Kee Construction Pte Ltd  
[2008] SGHC 12

Case Number | : | Suit 779/2006, RA 131/2007, 159/2007, 189/2007  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 25 January 2008  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Woo Bih Li J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Indranee Rajah SC, Randolph Khoo, Johnson Loo and Keow Mei Yen (Drew & Napier LLC) for the plaintiff; Molly Lim SC, Philip Ling, Hwa Hoong Luan and Chu Hua Yi (Wong Tan & Molly Lim LLC) for the defendant   
Parties | : |  Lim Leong Huat — Chip Hup Hup Kee Construction Pte Ltd   
  
Civil Procedure – Summary judgment – Allegation raised in affidavit not
pleaded in defence – Whether defendants can rely on such allegation over and
above those pleaded in defence – Order 14 Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2006
Rev Ed)  
  

25 January 2008 |   
---|---  
  
Woo Bih Li J

Background

1 The plaintiff Lim Leong Huat (“Lim”) was at all material times an employee
of the defendant Chip Hup Hup Kee Construction Pte Ltd (“CHHKC”). Lim was
employed as General Manager and designated as Executive Director/Projects
Director of CHHKC from about 16 November 1994 to about 29 November 2006. In
this action, Lim claims the return of various loans amounting to $7,635,000
alleged to have been made by him to CHHKC, at the request of CHHKC’s Managing
Director Neo Kok Eng (“Neo”), from about July 2003 to September 2006. CHHKC
disputes the claim and has in turn made a counterclaim on various grounds for
alleged wrongful acts by Lim. The counterclaim is made against Lim, his wife
Mdm Tan Siew Lim (“Tan”) and AZ Associates Pte Ltd (“AZ”) a company said to be
owned and controlled by Lim.

2 Consequently, Lim applied in Summons No. 713 of 2007/N for summary judgment
for $7,205,000 or for certain smaller sums as stated in the Summons. In turn,
CHHKC applied in Summons No. 1595 of 2007/K for summary judgment for various
sums against various parties. An assistant registrar (“AR”) declined to grant
judgment in favour of Lim. As regards CHHKC’s application for summary
judgment, the AR also declined to grant judgment in favour of CHHKC and
granted conditional leave to defend in respect of three sums:

(a) $347,030

(b) $469,740

(c) $260,000

The condition was the provision of security for these three sums.

3 Lim filed an appeal in RA 131 of 2007 for summary judgment. CHHKC also filed
an appeal in RA 159 of 2007 to seek final judgment for:

(a) $347,030 (originally stated in the notice of appeal to be $337,855 or
$363,830)

(b) $469,740

(c) $260,000

Lim also filed an appeal in RA 189 of 2007. This was to reduce one of the
sums, ie, $347,030 (which he was to provide security for) by $55,926.

4 All three appeals were heard by me. I decided as follows:

(a) Lim’s appeal in RA 131 of 2007 was dismissed.

(b) CHHKC’s appeal in RA 159 of 2007 was partially allowed in that summary
judgment was granted for $347,030 against Lim and for $426,700 (being $469,740
less $43,040) against Lim and Tan with interest on each sum at the rate of
5.33% per annum from date of counterclaim till judgment.

(c) Lim’s appeal in RA 189 of 2007 was dismissed.

5 An appeal has been filed to the Court of Appeal in respect of the judgments
in favour of CHHKC for $347,030 and $426,700 and the dismissal of Lim’s appeal
in RA 189 of 2007. My grounds of decision will address these issues only.

Judgment for $347,030

6 CHHKC claimed that Lim had misappropriated various sums of money amounting
to a total of $2,243,266. Lim’s defence was that these were payments to third
parties for work done on some of CHHKC’s projects. However, CHHKC managed to
obtain copies of various cheques which showed that some of the payments in
fact went into Lim’s own bank account no. 976-XXX-XXX-X. These cheques were
supposed to total $347,030. However, Lim had three responses to these.

7 First, Lim’s counsel Ms Indranee Rajah SC submitted that CHHKC had made a
claim against one Khoo Kiat Hoon (“Khoo”) also known as Jean Khoo for
misappropriation of the entire $2,243,266 in Suit no 149 of 2007. This was
inconsistent with CHHKC’s claim for summary judgment for $347,030 which was
part of the $2,243,266.

8 Secondly, Ms Rajah submitted that of the copies of cheques disclosed, there
was some doubt as to whether the money from seven cheques dated between 9
January 2006 and 25 January 2006 were in fact credited into Lim’s bank
account. These were cash cheques with the numbers 506201, 506202, 506278,
506279, 506280, 506295, 506296. They totalled $55,000. The reverse side of
these cheques had the alphabets “OVR”. Ms Rajah submitted they meant
“override” and since the signatures on the reverse side were those of Khoo,
then it might be that it was Khoo who took this sum. Accordingly, Ms Rajah
submitted that the amount of security which Lim should provide, being the
condition to defend this part of CHHKC’s counterclaim, should be reduced by
$55,000. This was the subject of RA 189 of 2007.

9 Thirdly, Ms Rajah submitted that even if certain sums of money had been
credited into Lim’s bank account, this did not necessarily mean that the money
remained there and did not subsequently go into someone else’s account.

10 Ms Molly Lim SC counsel for CHHKC explained that the claim against Khoo was
made before CHHKC managed to get copies of the cheques in question. She said
that CHHKC would withdraw its claim against Khoo for the $347,030 in view of
the evidence that the money had gone into Lim’s bank account and since Lim did
not dispute this.

11 I would add that Ms Rajah informed me that the claim against Khoo was for
breach of implied duty of good faith and fidelity and not because she had
received the money. It seemed to me that a plaintiff may have different causes
of action against different parties or the same cause of action against
different parties. A plaintiff may also obtain judgment against more than one
party for the same loss. The qualification is only that a plaintiff may not
receive over-payment for his loss. So, if, for example, CHHKC has received
payment of $347,030 from Lim, it cannot receive this same sum again from Khoo.

12 Accordingly, in the light of [10] and [11], I did not think that the action
against Khoo precluded CHHKC from obtaining judgment against Lim for this sum
of $347,030.

13 This brings me to the most important point against Lim in respect of the
sum of $347,030. The documentary evidence to show that various amounts had
been credited into his bank account was filed late in the hearing before the
AR, _ie_ , it was not part of the original evidence but at least it was filed
before the AR gave her decision. It was open to Lim to seek an adjournment to
respond to such evidence. He could then have filed an affidavit to say that
for the sums totalling $55,000, they were in fact received by Khoo and not by
him and for those other sums which were in fact credited into his bank
account, they were eventually used to pay third parties. After all, Lim was
the best person to know what sums he had received and what became of them.
Yet, no adjournment was sought to file such an affidavit. Indeed, Ms Lim
stressed that even in the hearing before me, Lim had introduced new affidavit
evidence on other points but not on this one.

14 I was of the view that it was not for Ms Rajah to make arguments which were
not even based on Lim’s own assertions. The possibilities which she raised
were matters within Lim’s own knowledge. If he chose not to assert as a fact
that either he did not receive certain sums or that the sums were received but
he used them to pay third parties, then it was not for Ms Rajah to raise them
in argument. Accordingly, I granted judgment in favour of CHHKC for $347,030.
As the $55,000 was part of the $347,030, it followed that Lim’s appeal in RA
189 of 2007 had to be dismissed and I so ordered.

Judgment for $426,700

15 CHHKC also discovered that Lim had caused various sums totalling $469,740
to be paid into Tan’s account as salary. As mentioned above, Tan is Lim’s
wife. However, Tan was not an employee of CHHKC.

16 In the defences of Lim and of Tan, the following explanation was given. The
Ministry of Manpower requires companies in the construction industry to
observe a minimum ratio of local workers to foreign workers. In order to be
able to employ more foreign workers, it was Neo (not Lim) who caused CHHKC to
maintain a fictitious record of local workers which included the names and
particulars of “proxies” who were in fact not employed by CHHKC. Each proxy
was recorded as being paid a certain wage per month but in reality only the
Central Provident Fund (“CPF”) contributions were paid. Apart from this, the
proxies did not receive any other remuneration. Tan was one of the proxies.
Her name had been provided by Lim at the request of Neo who had asked Lim to
provide proxies for the above purpose.

17 However, CHHKC’s argument was that even if this allegation was true, the
proxies were not to receive any remuneration apart from contributions to their
CPF account as required by law. Yet, Tan was receiving money in her bank
account.

18 Tan and Lim then sought to counter this argument by their affidavits each
of which was filed only on or about 3 August 2007 after the decision of the AR
had been given. Taken together, they asserted that the payments to Tan were
actually part of the salary due to Lim. Neo had agreed with Lim that part of
Lim’s salary would be paid to Tan. It was also asserted that Neo was aware of
this. Also, Neo had signed every cheque and all GIRO payment authorizations
which would reveal Tan’s name as a beneficiary of the payments.

19 Ms Lim submitted that Neo had trusted Lim all along and that the GIRO forms
were prepared by a staff. In any event, the new allegation by Lim and Tan,
_ie_ , that the payments to Tan were part of Lim’s salary, was not found in
the defence of Lim or of Tan.

20 It seemed to me that not only was the new allegation not pleaded, it was
contradictory to the pleaded allegation that the payments to Tan were made
because she was a “proxy”. Ms Rajah accepted that as matters stood, there was
an inconsistency between the affidavits and the specific defence of Tan.
However, Ms Rajah submitted that she was entitled to rely on a fact asserted
in an affidavit even though it was not pleaded. She relied on _Lin Securities
(Pte) v Noone & Co Sdn_ _Bhd_ [1989] 1 MLJ 321 (“ _Lin Securities_ ”). In that
case, the plaintiff and the defendant were stock brokers in Singapore and
Kuala Lumpur respectively. The plaintiff applied for summary judgment. Counsel
for the defendant took up a point about foreign law, _ie_ , Singapore law,
which had not been pleaded in the defence. He was allowed to do so by the High
Court of Kuala Lumpur which said at 322:

… No doubt a defendant is bound by the four corners of his pleading at the
trial of the action but he is not so bound at the O 14 proceedings. Order 14 r
4(1) provides that a defendant may show cause against an application for
summary judgment by affidavit or otherwise. He is entitled to show at the
hearing of the O 14 application that over and above what has been pleaded in
the statement of defence he has other defences. The issue at an O 14
application is whether the defendant has a defence and not whether the
statement of defence provides him with a defence.

21 Ms Rajah also drew my attention to another case subsequently. This was a
recent decision of a District Court on 28 May 2007 in _Superbowl Jurong Pte
Ltd v Sami’s Curry Restaurant Pte Ltd_ [2007] SGDC 157. In that case, the
District Court cited the decision in _Lin Securities_ with approval to say
that parties are at liberty to raise matters outside the pleadings at the
Order 14 stage, _ie_ , the stage where an application for summary judgment is
made. No English precedents were drawn to my attention.

22 I had some reservation about the correctness of the decision in _Lin
Securities_ for various reasons. It is one thing for a rule to say that a
defendant may show cause against an application for summary judgment by
affidavit or otherwise. In such a rule, a defendant need not file an affidavit
to show cause if, for example, he is able to rely on the statement of claim
and/or the affidavit for the plaintiff to establish that summary judgment
should not be granted. The rule does not necessarily mean that a defendant may
say something in his affidavit which is not pleaded in his defence. Let me
elaborate. Supposing a defendant were to be allowed to rely on an allegation
in his affidavit which is not in his defence and, solely because of that
allegation, he is able to avoid summary judgment. What happens if, when he
subsequently applies to amend his defence to include this allegation he is not
allowed to amend? This would mean that summary judgment should have been
entered in the first place. Such an incongruous situation would be avoided if
he were not to be allowed to rely on the allegation unless the defence is
first amended to include that allegation. I was also of the view that the
pleadings govern the issues between the parties throughout the action and the
pleadings apply to all interlocutory proceedings. On the other hand, the
decision in _Lin Securities_ seemed to suggest that for the purpose of
applications for summary judgment, the pleadings did not govern.

23 It should also be remembered that previously, applications for summary
judgment were often made before a defence was filed. Accordingly, there was
usually no question of an affidavit for a defendant raising an allegation
which was not in the defence. Such a problem would arise only when a defence
had already been filed. I will say more about this later.

24 Secondly, it is one thing to say that a defendant may rely on an affidavit
allegation not pleaded in his defence but it is quite a different thing to say
he may rely on an affidavit allegation which is contradictory to that which
has already been pleaded in his defence. In such a situation, it seemed to me
all the more so that the defence must first be amended before he can rely on
the affidavit allegation. As mentioned above, it is by no means certain that
the application to amend the defence would be allowed. Certainly in the case
before me, Lim and Tan would have to explain why, if the new allegation were
true, it was not mentioned at the earliest opportunity when the initial
defences were filed. It would then be questionable whether an application to
amend the defence would be allowed.

25 Thirdly, our Rules of Court were amended recently in 2006 so that
currently, a plaintiff may apply for summary judgment only after the defence
has been served. This is unlike the previous situation where, as I have
mentioned, a plaintiff might and often did apply for summary judgment even
before the defence was filed. The purpose of the amendment was so that a
plaintiff would know the specific defence before applying for summary
judgment. I was of the view that to allow a defendant to raise a substantive
allegation in his affidavit which was not pleaded in his defence would
undermine the purpose of the amendment.

26 Ultimately, I concluded that it was not open to Lim and Tan to rely on an
affidavit allegation which was inconsistent with their pleadings. It was also
not sufficient for them to say that Neo knew what was happening. To me, that
_per se_ was not a defence. Indeed, their defence was not based solely on
Neo’s knowledge. Money had been paid to Tan’s bank account. Either there was a
legitimate basis for this or there was not. If it was the former, then, for
the reasons already stated, the legitimate basis had to be stated in their
pleadings. If there was no defence, then the money has to be paid back to
CHHKC by Tan who received the money and by Lim who was in breach of his duty
to CHHKC as it was not in dispute that he caused the money to be paid to Tan.
Naturally there should be no double recovery.

27 I would add that Ms Rajah did not take any step towards an application to
amend the defences in the course of arguments before me. At one point, she
said that she did not want to make an oral application to amend because the
amendments had to be carefully thought through to ensure consistency with the
other parts of the defences. I did not think that that was a valid reason. If
there was a genuine intention to amend, she could and should have applied for
an adjournment to prepare not just a draft of the proposed amendments but also
the affidavit or affidavits to justify the application to amend. She did not
apply for an adjournment.

28 As for the amount claimed by CHHKC for this item, I deducted $43,040 being
the sum paid to Tan’s CPF account. The sum being paid to Tan’s CPF account was
still consistent with the “proxy” allegation and it was arguable whether CHHKC
was entitled to recover it if it was knowingly paid to Tan to achieve the
alleged illegal purpose. The balance after the deduction was $426,700 and I
granted judgment for that sum.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 25 Jan 2008 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

