Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Fustar Chemicals Ltd v Ong Soo Hwa (liquidator of Fustar Chemicals Pte Ltd)  
[2008] SGHC 198

Case Number | : | OS 1088/2007  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 10 November 2008  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Belinda Ang Saw Ean J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  N Sreenivasan (Straits Law Practice LLC) for the plaintiffs; Kannan Ramesh (Tan Kok Quan Partnership) for the defendant   
Parties | : |  Fustar Chemicals Ltd — Ong Soo Hwa (liquidator of Fustar Chemicals Pte Ltd)   
  
Companies – Winding up – Proof of debt – Debt owed by associated company –
Effect of lack of primary documents – Whether liquidator entitled to go behind
audited accounts and account confirmations to require satisfactory evidence of
the debt proved for – Whether liquidator bound by estoppels against the
company or an account stated with the company  
  

10 November 2008 |   
---|---  
  
Belinda Ang Saw Ean J:

1 This application made by way of Originating Summons No 1088 of 2007 was
brought by the plaintiff, Fustar Chemicals Limited (“FCL”), under Rule 93 of
the Companies (Winding Up) Rules (Cap 50, R 1, 2006 Ed) to reverse the
decision of the liquidator in respect of the proof of debt filed by FCL in the
liquidation of Fustar Chemicals Pte Ltd (“the Company”), and for an order that
FCL’s proof of debt be admitted in full. The defendant, Ong Soo Hwa (“OSH”),
is the liquidator of the Company. FCL’s application was dismissed with costs
on 31 July 2008. I now publish the reasons for my decision.

Background facts

2 FCL was incorporated in Hong Kong with an issued and paid up capital of
10,000 ordinary shares of HK$1 each. At all material times, the majority
shareholder of FCL with 9999 ordinary shares was another Hong Kong
incorporated company called Dynamic Pacific Ltd. One remaining share in FCL
was held in the name of Ng Chong Bian, the brother of Ng Cheong Ling (“NCL”).
NCL was one of the founders of FCL, an entity which was part of a group of
companies owned and controlled by members of his family. NCL himself held 50%
of the shares in Dynamic Pacific Ltd. He was FCL’s representative in these
proceedings. NCL is an undischarged bankrupt.

3 The Company was incorporated in Singapore on 30 July 1987 with an issued and
paid up capital of 5000 ordinary shares of $1 each. The Company was placed in
Members’ voluntary liquidation on 26 July 2004 and OSH was appointed as the
liquidator. At the time of the Members’ voluntary liquidation, Wong Ser Wan
(“WSW”) was one of its directors along with Ng Eharn, who is NCL’s and WSW’s
daughter. WSW is the registered owner of 4998 ordinary shares in the capital
of the Company, and Ng Eharn and NCL hold one share each. Prior to Ng Eharn’s
appointment as director on 17 July 2001, Ng Chan Ho was a director of the
Company.

4 On 30 July 2004, OSH advertised in the Singapore Government Gazette and the
Business Times to invite, _inter alia_ , the creditors of the Company to file
proof of debt in the liquidation of the Company. On 2 December 2005, FCL
submitted its proof of debt dated 18 November 2005 for $614,560.71.

5 The proof of debt filed by FCL related to the supplies of goods such as
paraffin wax. To substantiate its claim, the proof of debt was accompanied by
an audit confirmation dated 22 November 2000. OSH requested further supporting
documents and corresponded with FCL’s solicitors on the matter. At different
point in times, FCL made available the following documents:

a. Copies of the Company’s audited financial statements for the financial
years ended 31 March 1997 to 2003;

b. Copies of the Company’s unaudited draft financial statement as at 25 July
2004;

c. Copies of the Company’s ledger sheets of the FCL account for the period
January 1995 to March 1999;

d. Copies of the Company’s audit confirmations sent by its auditors to FCL for
the financial years ended 31 March 1997 to 2002; and

e. Copy of FCL’s audited financial statement for the financial year ended 31
December 2000.

6 No books or other records relating to the business that gave rise to the
indebtedness such as contracts, invoices, delivery orders, bills of lading and
other shipping documents were produced by FCL to the liquidator. In addition
to seeking supporting documentation, OSH also interviewed the Company’s
current and former directors as well as NCL in relation to the proof of debt.
OSH also wrote to the Company’s auditors for clarification and verification of
the debt.

**The liquidator’s rejection of the proof of debt**

7 FCL’s proof of debt was rejected on 3 July 2007 on account of the
deficiencies in the evidence presented to the liquidator. On the face of it,
the indebtedness arose from inter-company transactions. Significantly, the
Company’s auditors had highlighted in each of the financial years ended 31
March 1999 to 2003 that they were unable to obtain independent confirmation of
the amount due to FCL. The liquidator came to the view that the books or other
records relating to the alleged indebtedness were limited and incomplete – FCL
was only able to produce the Company’s ledger sheets that apparently related
to the outstanding balances due to FCL for the financial years ended 31 March
1995, 1996, 1997, 1998 and 1999 respectively. The problem was further
compounded by Ng Chan Ho, a former director of the Company, who was unable to
give information concerning the business dealings between FCL and the Company,
and, in particular, the debt in question. Likewise, the current directors of
the Company were unable to shed light on the past transactions between the
Company and FCL.

8 The plaintiff challenged the rejection of its proof of debt by filing these
proceedings. In these proceedings, the parties each relied on expert testimony
which, unsurprisingly, gave diametrically opposed conclusions as to whether
the proof of debt ought to have been accepted.

**Merits of FCL’s application against the liquidator**

**_Audited accounts and audit confirmations_**

9 It is convenient to begin by examining the audited accounts and the audit
confirmations placed before this court.

(i) Financial years ended 31 March 1997 and 1998

10 Emphasis was placed by FCL on the audited financial statements and audit
confirmations of the Company for the financial years ended 31 March 1997 and
1998 where the line item on “trade creditors” in the balance sheet showed a
balance of $2.6m and $634,389 respectively. The Company’s auditors at that
time were Chan & Chan Certificate Public Accountants (“Chan & Chan”). The
auditors did not comment on those amounts and it was argued that Chan & Chan
must have been satisfied that the amount reflected as owing was true and fair.
It was pointed out that there were also corresponding audit confirmations sent
by the Company to FCL and they were signed by both FCL and the Company. The
audit confirmation dated 22 November 2000 was signed by WSW. The signatory of
audit confirmation dated 18 September 1997 and 18 September 1998 respectively
was identified as Ng Chan Ho by the former solicitors of FCL, M/s B Rao & K S
Rajah, in a letter dated 24 November 2006 to OSH. Since NCL was the key person
in both entities, it was more probable than not that the audit confirmations
were signed on his instructions. OSH had interviewed the former director, Ng
Chan Ho, who signed the Company’s audited accounts for 1997 and 1998 together
with WSW. Ng Chan Ho took and acted on instructions from his employer, whom
OSH understood to be NCL, and Ng Chan Ho would sign documents as requested by
NCL.

11 Mr Tam Chee Chong, the expert witness appointed by the liquidator, stated
in his report that he had interviewed Chan & Chan on 7 March 2008 and obtained
confirmation that Chan & Chan had dealt with NCL on _all_ of the Company’s
audit matters. In other words, the management representations relied on by
Chan & Chan in expressing their opinion on financial statements came from NCL.
Chan & Chan has since destroyed their working papers and, due to the passage
of time, could not recall how they had formed their views on the financial
statements of the Company.

(ii) Financial years ended 31 March 1999 to 2003

12 The Company changed its auditors from Chan & Chan to Goh Boon Kok & Co
(“GBK”) after the financial year ended 31 March 1998. GBK prepared the
Company’s audited statements for the financial years ended 1999 to 2003. GBK
was interviewed by Mr Tam on 21 February 2008 and he learned that, apart from
sending out audit confirmations, GBK did not carry out any substantive audit
work on the balances attributed to the Company’s trade creditors.

13 The audited statements for the financial years ended 31 March 1999 and the
following financial years up to 2003 reflected the balance due to trade
creditors as $691,088, and that amount included FCL’s claim. However, the
auditors’ report to members contained a statement every year to the effect
that the auditors had not obtained independent confirmation of that amount.
GBK was unable to confirm when the audit confirmations purportedly
countersigned by FCL were received from FCL as there was no receipt dates
stamped on any of the audit confirmations, except that they were probably
received after the date of the respective financial year’s report by the
auditors to the members. In other words, at no time did GBK have sight of any
primary supporting documents, nor had he received some other form of
independent confirmation that the balance from trade creditors was correct. Of
relevance is GBK’s further confirmation that the balance shown for trade
creditors was a figure brought forward from the trade creditor ledger and his
firm had only worked with the journals and ledgers provided by NCL. The
disclosures by GBK (which was not challenged) reduced somewhat the evidential
value and weight that would otherwise be normally accorded to audited
accounts.

14 OSH had interviewed the former director, Ng Chan Ho, who signed the
Company’s audited statements for 1997 and 1998 together with WSW. Ng Chan Ho
did not know what transpired between FCL and the Company. He merely took
instructions from his employer, whom OSH understood to be NCL, and Ng Chan Ho
would sign documents as requested by NCL. Separately, NCL deposed in his
affidavit of 23 July 2007 that “Wong Ser Wan was at all times a housewife and
[was] not directly involved in the business.” It was apparent that the
Company’s audit was undertaken with documents and information provided by NCL
solely. The directors of the Company did not appear to be even aware of the
nature of the transactions giving rise to the alleged debt.

15 Mr Sreenivasan urged the court to draw an adverse inference against WSW as
she had not filed an affidavit in these proceedings. More to the point, she
must be taken to have been aware of what she was signing on behalf of the
Company as she had by then a team of lawyers and accountants assisting in her
divorce proceedings against NCL. I was not persuaded by the arguments raised
here by Mr Sreenivasan. First, there was no evidence that WSW had instructed
her then counsel to advise her on this aspect of the Company’s affairs. It is
noteworthy that even _after_ the Company had changed auditors and WSW,
allegedly, had a team of lawyers and accountants looking after her interest,
it was NCL who provided GBK with “only the journal and ledger books”.[note: 1]
That showed that the accounts of the Company were still controlled by NCL even
after his relationship with WSW broke down. Whilst NCL maintained that FCL no
longer had any primary supporting documents, GBK also did not have sight of
_any_ supporting primary documents from the Company to facilitate the audit of
the Company’s accounts. Second, as WSW was not actively involved in the
business, any affidavit from WSW would have very limited evidential value.

(iii) FCL’s audited financial statement for the year ended 31 December 2000

16 In reviewing FCL’s audited financial statement for 2000, one would see a
provision for doubtful debt of HK$25,922,469 which included the amount due
from the Company. Mr Sreenivasan contended that it did not matter that the
debt was classified as “doubtful” since that provision did not do away with
the Company’s liability to pay. Whilst that might be so, the liquidator in
discharge of her duty is entitled to go behind the audited accounts to
investigate the underlying indebtedness. The position taken by FCL is that all
relevant documents had been destroyed as they were more than seven years old.

**_Ledger entries_**

17 The ledger entries of the Company that were provided by FCL were patchy,
vague and did not make sense without the underlying primary documents, and
they were also incomplete. They were irrefragably of limited evidential value.
A close inspection of the Company’s ledger sheets of the inter-company account
between FCL and the Company for the period January 1995 to 1999 revealed
several disturbing points. An inter-company account with a related company
such as in the case of the Company and FCL is not an uncommon feature.
However, as the inter-company account is a reflection of the trading between
the two parties, the entries would normally mirror each other such that
purchases from FCL are identifiable to purchase invoices and that payments by
the Company are easily matched to specific purchase invoices that it relates
to. This is to facilitate better control and ease of reconciliation of the
accounts. However, this was not the case here. Leaving aside the balance
brought forward from 31 December 1994 of $2,637,035.11 owing to FCL of which
no details were given, substantially all of the entries could not be matched
and a significant number of the entries were entered into the ledger account
on the basis of journal entries. Whilst it is normal to expect journal entries
in the ledgers of a company, the frequency of the use of journal entries in a
ledger account which is primarily a trading account between two related
companies does raise some concern. This concern was clearly noted by GBK in
his audit report for the financial years ended 31 March 1999 to 2003
respectively. I am here referring to the statement in his audit reports that
highlighted the absence of independent confirmation of trade creditors and
related party balances.

**_Analysis of the parties’ competing views_**

18 Given the state of the documentary evidence (see [10] to [17]), and seeing
_how_ the weight of the evidence could be affected when the creditor and
debtor companies were controlled by a single person, Mr Kannan stated that the
onus was still on FCL to adduce independent evidence to corroborate NCL’s
story. He cited _Re Ice-Mack Pte Ltd; AA Valibhoy & Sons (1907) Pte Ltd v
Official Receiver_ [1989] SLR 876 (“ _Re Ice-Mack_ ”) in support of his
proposition that since FCL and the Company were related entities, the
liquidator is entitled to go behind the audit confirmations and audited
accounts. He reminded that FCL’s claim arose from supplies of paraffin wax
between related companies and as such, the liquidator had rightly put FCL to
strict proof of the debt.

19 Mr Kannan drew the court’s attention to the acrimonious legal proceedings
between NCL and WSW: see, for example, _Wong Ser Wan v Ng Bok Eng Holdings Pte
Ltd and Anor_ [2004] 4 SLR 365 _(“Ng Bok Eng Holdings (HC)”)_ , _Ng Bok Eng
Holdings Pte Ltd and Anor v Wong Ser Wan_ [2005] 4 SLR 561 _(“Ng Bok Eng
Holdings (CA)”) and Wong Ser Wan v Ng Cheong Ling_ [2006] 1 SLR 416. In the
first case Ng Bok Eng Holdings (HC) which was upheld on appeal by the Court of
Appeal (see _Ng Bok Eng Holdings (CA)_), NCL was found to have been involved,
_inter alia_ , in the fraudulent conveyance of a property in Mountbatten Road
that was designed to dissipate his asset by taking it out of the pool of
matrimonial assets available for division between WSW and NCL. The present set
of proceedings, so the arguments developed, was characterised as nothing more
than another round of acrimonious courtroom battles between WSW and NCL seeing
that NCL, who represented FCL in the proof of debt, was unable to establish,
on a balance of probabilities, that there was a real debt provable in the
liquidation.

20 Mr Kannan made three separate points in support of his contention that the
debt was probably nothing more than a paper liability. First, NCL had not made
available the documents required by the liquidator, being documents relevant
to the contracts for the supply of paraffin wax and their performance. NCL
explained that under Hong Kong law there was no obligation on companies to
retain documents beyond seven years. In FCL’s case, the documents requested
were more than seven years old and they had all been destroyed. Rejecting the
veracity of NCL’s explanation, Mr Kannan noted that FCL’s audited accounts for
the financial year ended 31 December 2000 were signed off by the auditors in
Hong Kong on 15 October 2004. Until the audit was completed, so he argued,
documents in relation to the audit for the financial year ended 31 December
2000 was probably still available as late as 15 October 2004. As to why they
were withheld, he offered two explanations: the documents did not substantiate
the indebtedness, or that they never existed for there was no debt as alleged.
Second, it was “baffling” that FCL made provision to treat the recoverability
of the debt as doubtful when all the while the Company was solvent. Third, at
the relevant time, NCL and an associated company, Aromate Pte Ltd (“Aromate”)
were in financial difficulties and it was surprising that the debt was not
called upon to help ease the financial burdens of NCL and Aromate. I saw much
force in Mr Kannan’s three points. For completeness, I should add that I was
not persuaded that NCL had sent to Allen & Gledhill (WSW’s lawyers in the
divorce proceedings) relevant documents that would shed light on the debt.

21 Counsel for FCL, Mr N Sreenivasan, accepted that the onus of proof rested
on FCL to establish the debt owing by the Company to FCL; but he contended
that on the evidence, FCL had discharged that onus, or that FCL had, at any
rate, discharged it to a sufficient extent to shift the evidential burden of
proof to the liquidator to show that the debt was not recoverable. He relied
in the main on admission and account stated in his arguments (see [23] to [26]
below).

22 Mr Sreenivasan opened with an explanation of how the debt arose. According
to NCL, it was not possible to sell paraffin wax directly from the People’s
Republic of China to Taiwan and South Africa because of trade prohibitions.
Therefore to overcome the trade prohibitions, Goodwood Ltd (one of the Ng
family’s Hong Kong registered companies) would buy paraffin wax from Chinese
state-owned companies directly and then sell them to Goodray Ltd (another
family-owned Hong Kong registered company). Goodray Ltd would then sell the
paraffin wax to FCL who dealt with the customers in Taiwan and South Africa.
The Company was used as an intermediary for FCL to put through sales to
customers in Taiwan and South Africa. The Company marked up the goods to make
a profit, and this arrangement was its only source of revenue. FCL ceased
using the Company as its intermediary in or around the middle of 1997. At the
point the trading stopped, NCL said that the running balance owing by the
Company to FCL was HK$2,832,891.04 (equivalent to S$614,560.51).[note: 2]

23 Mr Sreenivasan maintained that the liquidator ought to have accepted the
audited accounts at face value. The accounts in question have been audited and
as such weight should be given to them (see _Grand Grain Investment Ltd v
Cosimo Borrelli & Anor_ [2006] HKCU 872). In addition, he contended that the
audit confirmations constituted _prima facie_ evidence of FCL’s claim citing
_Gobind Lalwani v Basco Enterprises Pte Ltd_ [1999] 3 SLR 354 and _Capital
Realty Pte Ltd v Chip Thye Enterprises (Pte) Ltd_ [2000] 4 SLR 548 for that
proposition. The audit confirmation by itself was enough to give rise to a
cause of action on an account stated (“the accounts stated issue”).

24 It was also argued that the accounting documents signed by WSW as director
of the Company constituted an admission of the debt by the Company. Mr
Sreenivasan relied on ss 17 and 18 of the Evidence Act (Cap 97, 1997 Rev Ed)
and _Sarkar’s Law of Evidence_ (14th Ed, 1993) at 307 to establish the
admissions of the Company (“the admissions issue”). The audit confirmations
sent out by the Company from 1999 to 2001 were signed by WSW; the Company’s
audited accounts were signed off by the directors of the Company, _viz_ WSW
and Ng Chan Ho for the financial years ended 31 March 1997 and 1998 and by WSW
and Ng Eharn from 1999 to 2003; the debt in question was reflected in the
declaration of solvency signed by WSW and Ng Eharn dated 7 July 2004 and in
the Company’s management accounts as at 25 July 2004. By 1999, WSW had fallen
out with NCL and it was argued that she could no longer claim that she signed
documents pertaining to the Company at NCL’s behest.

25 Lastly, in relation to the absence of base or primary documents and other
records, the argument is that the liquidator should have accepted the audited
accounts at face value by reason of the common course of business presumption
in s 116 (illustration (f)) of the Evidence Act. In other words, the
presumption is that the accounts would have been audited with supporting
documents made available to the auditors for that would have happened in the
common course of business (“the s 116 issue”).

26 Mr Sreenivasan went on to conclude as completely baseless the liquidator’s
complaint that the proof of debt was unsubstantiated. He stressed that NCL was
the person who controlled and was in charge of FCL and the Company. The
liquidator should have accepted his evidence as NCL was aware of all the facts
relating to the transactions between the Company and FCL. In contrast, WSW had
not filed an affidavit to rebut NCL’s evidence that WSW was not involved in
the Company. This led to Mr Sreenivisan’s criticism of the liquidator’s
approach which he described as one whereby everything NCL had said was treated
with “scepticism” and whatever WSW had to say was accepted “at face value”. He
then went on in the same paragraph to submit that the liquidator’s approach
appeared to have found “at least tentatively some sympathy” with this court.
His criticism of OSH hints of bias against NCL seeing that OSH was appointed
by WSW. There was a suggestion that OSH must have been partial towards WSW as
she had not called in the Company’s loan to WSW. Mr Sreenivasan’s criticism
which impugns the liquidator’s integrity was baseless and inexcusable. By
venturing to add that the court was “sympathetic” to the liquidator’s one-side
approach, counsel was viewed as being imprudent and offensive. Mr Sreenivsan
must be familiar with the quasi-judicial role of a liquidator whose approach
to the entire process of proof (admission or rejection), just like that of a
judicial manager’s, must, as explained by Lai Kew Chai J in _ERPIMA SA v Chee
Yoh Chuang & Anor_ [1998] 1 SLR 83 at 86, “be entirely as if he is sitting in
judgment like a judicial officer. As his role is quasi-judicial, he cannot act
unjudicially, capriciously or arbitrarily.” The liquidator, as I have
elaborated below, is under a duty to examine and investigate the debt. Suffice
it to say at this point that the liquidator in discharge of his duty is not
bound by estoppels against the company or an account stated with the company
and as such is entitled to go behind the audited accounts and audit
confirmations as was the case here.

27 I now turn to consider in detail each of the matters canvassed by Mr
Sreenivasan in [23] to [25] above. It is common ground that the court hears
the application to reverse the liquidator’s adjudication of a proof of debt
_de novo_ (see _Thomson Plaza (Pte) Ltd v Liquidators of Yaohan Department
Store Singapore Pte Ltd (in liquidation)_ [2001] 3 SLR 437). On the hearing of
the application _de novo_ , FCL has to show that the liquidator’s decision was
wrong as there was a real debt provable in liquidation (see _Westpac Banking
Corporation and Others v Totterdell and Another_ [1997] 142 FLR 137). It was
conceded in the course of the hearing by Mr Kannan that he was not advocating
a higher standard of proof, accepting without reservation the general
proposition that the burden of proof is on the plaintiff to establish, on a
balance of probabilities, the existence of the debt in respect of which it
seeks to prove in liquidation (see _The Trustee in Bankruptcy of Lo Siu Fai
Louis v Toohey_ [2005] 4 HKC 51). Consequently, a failure to provide evidence
and documents supporting the proof by the proving creditor justifies the
liquidator in rejecting the proof (see _Bellmex International Ltd (in
liquidation) v British American Tobacco Ltd and Anor_ [2001] 1 BCLC 91 at 97).

28 The real issue in these proceedings is whether the liability referred to in
the proof of debt is a true liability of the Company enforceable against it.
The onus of proof is on FCL to show that there was a real debt provable in
liquidation. Mr Timothy James Reid’s conclusions as the expert appointed by
FCL are summarised as follows:

(a) The liquidator paid little regard to the fact that the directors of the
Company have stated that the Audited Financial Statements of the Company which
record the debt to FCL represent the true and fair view of the state of
affairs of the Company.

(b) The liquidator placed undue weight on the Company’s auditor’s statement
that there was no independent verification of the debt. Such qualification, in
Mr Reid’s view, cannot diminish the clear statements and declarations of the
directors concerning the truth and fairness of the accounts of the Company.

(c) A doubtful debt provision made by FCL in its Audited Financial Statements
for the year ended 31 December 2000 is irrelevant as such provision is made on
the basis or assessment of recoverability and not the legal obligation to make
payment.

(d) As an experienced liquidator, Mr Reid would have accepted the proof of
debt submitted by FCL subject upon obtaining a formal declaration from FCL.

29 Mr Reid also highlighted the following points:

(a) The debt was shown in the declaration of solvency signed by WSW and the
other director on 31 March 2004;

(b) The debt was shown in the Liquidator’s Account of Receipts and Payments.

(c) The debt was shown in the audited accounts of the Company and that the
auditors for 1997 and 1998 (the years with the last significant trading
activities) made no commentary or qualification on the trade creditors with
the directors also signing off the accounts as true and fair.

(d) Five audit confirmations, with the last three (dated 22 November 2000, 21
October 2001 and 4 April 2002) signed by WSW, were sent by the Company to FCL.

(e) The debt was recorded as a receivable in FCL’s audited accounts.

(f) WSW as the majority shareholder of the Company stands to benefit from the
liquidator’s rejection of the proof of debt.

30 In contrast, Mr Tam, for the liquidator, opined that the liquidator was
entitled to look behind the audited accounts and audit confirmations. He
agreed with the liquidator that there were good grounds for not accepting the
audited accounts as evidence of a debt due from the Company to FCL in the
amount indicated in those accounts and audit confirmations.

31 In the end, Mr Reid’s opinion was discounted by the court as it did not
accord with the role of the liquidator in the proof process and the
liquidator’s duty to distribute the assets in his hands or under his control
among the persons truly entitled. Similarly, Mr Sreenivasan’s submissions on
the three issues - admissions, the account stated and s 116 – were untenable
and without merit. As explained below, in considering whether or not to admit
or reject a proof of debt, the liquidator is not bound by the audited accounts
and audit confirmations, and he is entitled to go behind them to form his own
conclusions as to the existence or otherwise of the debt (see [33] to [35]
below). Neither is the liquidator bound to assume that all relevant documents
were available when the accounts were prepared (see [36] and [39] below).
Consequently, the liquidator is entitled to require satisfactory evidence of
the debt proved for. For completeness, I must state that the liquidator’s
statutory declaration of 23 August 2007 which continued to provide for the
debt even after OSH had rejected the proof of debt, whether it was made in
error or not, did not adversely affect the conclusions reached here.

32 It must be remembered that the role of the liquidator in the proof process
and his duty to distribute the assets in his hands or under his control among
the persons truly entitled applies to all forms of winding up of solvent and
insolvent companies. In the words of Viscount Simonds in _Government of India
v Taylor_ [1955] AC 491 at 509:

I conceive that it is the duty of the liquidator to discharge out of the
assets in his hands those claims which are legally enforceable, and to hand
over any surplus to the contributories. I find no words which vest in him a
discretion to meet claims which are not legally enforceable. It will be
remembered that, so far as is relevant for this purpose, the law is the same
whether the winding up is voluntary or by the court, whether the company is
solvent or insolvent, and that an additional purpose of a winding up is to
secure that creditors who have enforceable claims shall be treated equally,
subject only to the priorities for which the statute provides.

33 It is trite law that the liquidator has a duty to examine and investigate
every proof of debt and the grounds of the debt. Rule 92 of the Companies
(Winding-Up) Rules provides the “[t]he liquidator shall examine every proof of
debt lodged with him and the grounds of the debt” and may call for “further
evidence in support of it”. To that end, the liquidator may go behind, for
instance, the covenant in a mortgage and the account stated and to require
satisfactory evidence before admitting the proof. The law recognises that the
liquidator is in the same position as the trustee in bankruptcy (see _Re Adam
Holdings Ltd_ [1985] 2 HKC 608 at 613 following _Re Home and Colonial
Insurance Co Ltd_ [1930] 1 Ch 102), and since the liquidator is not generally
bound by estoppels against the company or an account stated with the company,
he may properly reject a proof of debt if the liability, though enforceable
against the company, unjustly prejudices the interests of the creditors or
contributories of the assets available for distribution (see _Rosseau v Jay-O-
Bees_ [2004] NSWSC 818 at [34]). The English Court of Appeal approved and
adopted Bingham J’s judgment in _Re van Laun, ex_  _p Chatterton_ [1907] 1 KB
155. Bingham J at 162 stated as follows:

The trustee’s right and duty when examining a proof for the purpose of the
admitting or rejecting it is to require some satisfactory evidence that the
debt on which the proof is founded is a real debt. No judgment recovered
against the bankrupt, no covenant given by or account stated with him, can
deprive the trustee of this right. He is entitled to go behind such forms to
get at the truth, and the estoppel to which the bankrupt may have subjected
himself will not prevail against [the trustee].

34 _Re van Laun, ex p Chatterton_ was a case where there were a series of
accounts stated between the bankrupt and the creditors. The bankrupt had
assented to his solicitor’s bills being charged and agreed to their amounts.
Plainly, he would have been estopped from denying them as they were accounts
stated and was liable upon those accounts. Buckley LJ ([1907] 2 KB 23 at 31
and 32) stated:

Whether the creditor alleges that there has resulted, and that he relies upon
an account stated, or a covenant entered into by the debtor, or a judgment
which he has obtained, the principle, I apprehend, is exactly the same, and is
this – that the trustee is not the person who has stated the account, is not
the covenantor, is not the judgment debtor, but is entitled to say, “It is my
business to see that those who seek to rank against this estate are persons
who are really creditors of that estate.”

…

I think the trustee is entitled in every case, whether there be an account
stated, covenant or judgment, to say to the creditor who comes into the
bankruptcy to prove, “Very well, you say you are a creditor; make out your
case as if there was no account stated or no covenant or no judgment. Satisfy
me that the amount for which you say you are creditor is right”. That, of
course must be done reasonably.

35 The reason that the liquidator is not necessarily bound by an estoppel, or
an account stated, or even a judgment against the company, is that the
liquidator was not the person who defaulted on the judgment or engaged in the
conduct that led to the estoppel being created or account stated. If an
estoppel or a judgment or other binding obligation such as an account stated
were allowed to operate against the liquidator then the liquidator would be
unable to exercise his or her duty to consider the true liabilities of the
company (see Andrew R Keay in _McPherson’s Law of Company Liquidation,_ Sweet
& Maxwell, 2001 at 705).

36 _Re Adam Holdings_ ([33] _supra_) illustrates the principles outlined
above. In that case, the debtor company, Adam Holdings, was wound up. The
creditor who filed a proof of debt was a subsidiary of Adam Holdings. The
creditor submitted as evidence the ledgers of the various companies within the
group, draft accounts of the applicant and a letter from Adam Holdings to the
creditor enclosing an account prepared by auditors requesting confirmation of
the balance due to the creditor. The primary source documents, as was the case
here, had either been lost or destroyed. Counsel for the creditor argued that
all available evidence had already been placed before the Official Receiver
and urged for a rebuttable presumption that the documents established the
validity of the claim. Jones J held (at 614 and 615):

[A] creditor is not entitled to say this is all the evidence that I have and
because the best evidence has been lost or destroyed my claim should be
admitted. The Official Receiver is not obliged to assume that when the
accounts were prepared all the vouchers and other documents were available to
the accountants. If this submission were to be accepted the Official
Receiver’s powers of investigation would be severely curtailed. …

The case for the applicant is essentially based upon the accounts prepared by
the three firms of accountants. … In order to prepare the accounts the
accountants must apart from documentary evidence produced, necessarily rely
upon the information and explanations given to them by the officers of the
company by whom they were instructed. The Official Receiver is not bound by
the accounts and is entitled to go behind them to form his own conclusion as
to the truth …

37 Likewise, nothing said by Mr Sreenivasan and Mr Reid (see [28] and [29])
would affect or defeat the liquidator’s entitlement in these proceedings to go
behind an account stated or admissions, if any, in order to ascertain the true
liability. By the same token, the presumption in s 116 of the Evidence Act
(even if it applies) also does not affect the liquidator in his role as an
adversary in these proceedings.

38 On the admissions issue raised by Mr Sreenivasan, the same argument was
attempted by counsel for the creditor in _Re Adam Holdings_ _Ltd_ at 613 where
she contended that a letter from the debtor to the creditor constituted proof
of an admission of the debt. In that connection, Jones J rejected the argument
and held (at 614) that “whether or not the letter amounts to an admission is
irrelevant for it does not affect the trustee’s [and that includes the
liquidator’s] power to admit or reject proofs of debt.” As such, the
liquidator was not bound by the admission (at 615).

39 Jones J rightly observed (at 614) that the liquidator is not obliged to
assume that when the accounts were prepared all the vouchers and other
documents were available to the accountants. He reasoned that if this
“submission were to be accepted the [liquidator’s] powers of investigation
would be severely curtailed”. In the context of the presumption that was
raised in argument, namely _omnia praesumuntur rite esse acta_ (an inference
which might reasonably be drawn when an intention to do some formal act was
established or when the evidence was consistent with that intention having
been carried into effect in a proper way), Jones J said that the presumption
did not apply to a proof of debt because “the [liquidator] is under a public
duty to investigate claims, and to be satisfied on the evidence that there is
a genuine debt due.”

40 In summary, the documents submitted call for explanation. Apart from the
ledger sheets, there were no other documents emanating from and involving both
entities that would afford or support details of the transactions entered into
the ledger sheets. Little could be derived from NCL’s response for further
information. NCL’s claim that the Company was used as a conduit for trade
between FCL and its related companies with Taiwan and South Africa ended in
mid-1997, was not borne out by an examination of the records that purportedly
relate to some of the transactions. If trading had ceased in mid-1997, there
was no explanation as to why there were still sales of $82,653 and expenses
amounting to $31,253 incurred in the financial year ended 31 March 1999.[note:
3] Notably, NCL in his affidavit stated that WSW was at all times not directly
involved in the business and it only leaves NCL still orchestrating operations
in the Company. The absence of base or primary accounting documents was
significant. It was because of their materiality that the auditor exercised
his judgment and deemed it necessary to make a statement in his audit report
that he was unable to obtain independent confirmation of trade creditors and
related party balances. This is a factor that has to be taken into account in
evaluating the weight to be given to audited accounts. The statement puts the
reader of the financial statements on notice. Once on notice, any reasonable
person in the position of the liquidator would carry out other checks and
enquiries to substantiate the balance.

41 It is not surprising that in the light of the limited and patchy evidence
before this court, it is not possible to extract an accurate and complete
picture of the actual and prospective liabilities of both the businesses and
family side of NCL. However, a pattern is discernable from the evidence before
the court. Related party balances feature prominently in the balance sheets of
the companies. With the limitation of details, it is difficult to determine
how the balances were derived except to accept NCL’s assertions that they were
due to trading. With the auditors highlighting in the audit opinion the
inadequacy and/or lack of information and documentation to independently
verify the balances, it would be imprudent to just accept what NCL says. By
way of example, in the account ledger sheets of the Company with FCL, there
are two journal entries referenced J17 in December 1997 in the Company’s
ledger attributable to Aromate for amounts of $2,022,963.35 and $10,000
respectively.[note: 4]At a stroke, these entries have the effect of reducing
the then outstanding balance owing to FCL of $2,613,652.56 to $580,689.21. No
explanation was afforded as to the reasons for the set-off or for that matter
documents showing FCL’s acquiescence to the arrangement as the debt has been
substantially reduced. This was not surprising as FCL’s audited financial
statements for the year ended 31 December 2000 revealed that the Hong Kong
auditors, Gary Yam & Chan, had stated that they were unable to form their
opinion as to whether the financial statements show a true and fair view and
whether the financial statements have been properly prepared in accordance
with the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.

42 NCL stated in his affidavit that as part of a family business, the Taiwan
and South African markets were his territory and for him to deal with as he
saw fit. The inter-company deals between FCL and the Company was characterised
as a supplier and middleman relationship. However, the reality is far more
complex. Indeed, NCL was one of the principal architects of the group of
trading companies if not the mastermind. In _Wong Ser Wan v Ng Cheong Ling_
(_supra_ [19]), it appeared that Aromate was a major hub in a web of companies
and was used to pay for the living expenses of the family and they were booked
under NCL’s current account. The source of the funds for the family’s
expenditure was indisputably the businesses. Aromate’s footprint could be
found in both the Company and FCL and it would appear that NCL made use of the
web of companies like an ATM network to withdraw funds as and when required.

Result

43 At the conclusion of the hearing, evidence to corroborate FCL’s claim was
found to be wanting. Accordingly, FCL had not established, on a balance of
probabilities, the debt proved for. The application was therefore dismissed
with costs.

  

* * *

[note: 1]Affidavit of Ng Cheong Ling filed on 23 July 2007 at 118

[note: 2]Affidavit of Ng Cheong Ling filed on 23 July 2007 para 7

[note: 3]Affidavit of Ong Soo Hwa filed 28/9/07 p 193 p 193

[note: 4]Affidavit of Ong Soo Hwa exhibit marked “OSH 2”.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 10 Nov 2008 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

