Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Jurong Shipyard Pte Ltd v BNP Paribas  
[2008] SGHC 86

Case Number | : | OS 1727/2007  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 06 June 2008  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Lee Seiu Kin J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Davinder Singh SC, Hing Shan Shan Blossom, Lim Pei Hoon Joan, Lin Yan Yan (Drew & Napier LLC) for the plaintiff; Sundaresh Menon SC, Kam Su Cheun Aurill, Sim Jek Sok Disa, Tammy Low Wan Jun (Rajah & Tann) for the defendant   
Parties | : |  Jurong Shipyard Pte Ltd — BNP Paribas   
  
Agency – Third party and principal’s relations – Contractual relations – Agent
of company entering into alleged unauthorised transactions with bank – Bank
having actual or constructive notice of agent's lack of authority – Bank
colluding with agent – Whether company liable in respect of unauthorised
transactions  
  
Civil Procedure – Originating processes – Hearsay evidence by affidavit –
Originating summons for injunction against winding up – Whether originating
summons qualifies as interlocutory proceeding under O 41 r 5 Rules of Court
(Cap 322, R 5, 2006 Rev Ed) – Whether hearsay evidence admissible  
  
Contract – Contractual terms – Contractual estoppel – Representations made in
Master Agreement that transactions entered into with proper authority – Third
party having actual or constructive notice of agent's lack of authority –
Third party colluding with agent – Whether representing party contractually
estopped  
  
Insolvency Law – Winding up – Agent of company entering into alleged
unauthorised transactions with bank – Bank issuing statutory demand against
company for alleged debt – Company denying liability – Use of winding-up
process to recover a disputed debt – Company seeking injunction to restrain
winding up pursuant to statutory demand – Test for granting injunction –
Whether injunction should be granted  
  

6 June 2008 |  Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Lee Seiu Kin J:

1  Jurong Shipyard Pte Ltd (“JSPL”) is a company incorporated in Singapore. It
has been in the marine engineering business for four decades. In or around
2002, it ventured into rig building and this aspect of JSPL’s business
expanded rapidly. Today, JSPL is a renowned “one-stop” shipyard, offering a
comprehensive range of services in ship repair, shipbuilding, ship conversion,
rig building and offshore engineering, and employing almost 2000 workers. Rig
building represents a substantial part of JSPL’s business. Its immediate
holding company is SembCorp Marine Ltd (“SCM”), a leading global marine
engineering group.

2 BNP Paribas (“BNPP”) is one of the world’s largest international banking
networks with a strong position in Asia and a significant presence in the
United States. In 2007, it was sixth in the banking industry and first out of
the French companies in the Forbes Global 2000 rankings.

3 On 23 November 2007, JSPL took out the present originating summons No 1727
of 2007 (“the present originating summons”) for an injunction to restrain BNPP
from commencing winding-up proceedings subsequent to a statutory demand by
BNPP for US$50,723,070 (“the alleged debt”), dated 20 November 2007.

**Interlocutory applications**

4 On 23 and 26 November 2007, I heard an opposed _ex parte_ application in
Summons No 5245 of 2007 for BNPP to be restrained from presenting any summons
or other application for the winding up of JSPL based on the statutory demand.
This application was settled by BNPP’s undertaking not to present any winding-
up petition until the disposal of the originating summons or until further
order of the court.

5 From 4 to 6 February 2008, I heard three applications regarding the
admission of various affidavits: Summons No 329 of 2008 (“SUM 329/2008”);
Summons No 294 of 2008 (“SUM 294/2008”); and Summons No 5493 of 2007 (“SUM
5493/2007”).

6 In SUM 329/2008 JSPL sought, _inter alia_ , that “leave be granted to [JSPL]
to file the fourth affidavit of Heinz Riehl and the sixth affidavit of Tan
Cheng Tat” (“prayer 1”). Heinz Riehl is an expert witness for JSPL and his
affidavit exhibited signed copies of an expert report and supplemental expert
report that had been annexed to his earlier affidavits but not signed due to
an oversight. Tan Cheng Tat is the financial controller of JSPL and his
affidavit exhibited a press report which was published after JSPL’s affidavits
were filed on 4 January 2008. BNPP did not object to the application and I
gave an order in the terms of prayer 1.

7 In SUM 5493/2007, BNPP sought, _inter alia_ , to expunge and strike out
certain paragraphs and exhibits in the affidavit of Tan Kwi Kin (a director of
JSPL) filed on 23 November 2007 on the grounds that they are scandalous,
irrelevant and/or otherwise oppressive (“prayer 1”); to expunge and strike out
certain paragraphs in the affidavit of Tan Cheng Tat filed on 23 November 2007
on the same grounds (“prayer 2”); as well as to expunge and strike out certain
paragraphs and/or words in the affidavit of Tan Cheng Tat filed on 4 December
2007, again on the grounds that they are scandalous, irrelevant and/or
otherwise oppressive (“prayer 3”). The evidence sought to be struck out
broadly pertained to negotiations between the parties on the procedure to be
used for the close-out on 31 October 2007 (see [24] and [25] below) and drafts
of an agreement to be exchanged and executed by the parties in respect of this
procedure (“the Close-out Agreement”: see [25] below), as well as the fact
that BNPP had heard in the market that another bank, Societe Generale (“SG”),
had received a conditional payment from JSPL and that a “without prejudice”
meeting between BNPP and JSPL had been held. BNPP submitted that the evidence
pertained to privileged discussions that were expressly stated to be made
without prejudice. JSPL submitted that the evidence was admissible to show a
collateral contract that JSPL would only pay after BNPP had brought an action
and obtained judgment against it for the alleged debt; that BNPP was estopped
from claiming privilege as it had represented to JSPL that it would not need
to make an upfront payment of the alleged debt, which induced JSPL to enter
into the Close-out Agreement; that the evidence was relevant for the purposes
of rectification, if the court should find that the Close-out Agreement did
not require JSPL to make such an upfront payment; and that the evidence was
admissible if the court should find that the Close-out Agreement was ambiguous
on this issue. I accepted JSPL’s submissions in respect of collateral contract
and estoppel and declined to strike out the evidence relevant for the purposes
of those arguments. Accordingly, I granted an order in terms of prayer 1 only
in respect of para 90 of Tan Kwi Kin’s affidavit (pertaining to the
conditional payment to SG) and exhibits at pages 130 and 132 (pertaining to
the without prejudice meeting), and dismissed prayer 1 in respect of the other
evidence; I also dismissed prayers 2 and 3.

8 In SUM 294/2008, BNPP sought, _inter alia_ , to expunge and strike out from
the court records the affidavit of Ajaib Haridass (a director of SCM and also
a member of its Audit Committee and Chairman of the Board Risk Committee) and
certain parts of the fourth affidavit of Tan Cheng Tat as well as the second
affidavit of Tan Kwi Kin, both filed on 4 January 2008 (“prayer 1”) which
broadly pertained to negotiations between JSPL and BNNP leading up to the
close-out on 31 October 2007 (see [24] and [25] below). This was on the
grounds that they are scandalous, irrelevant and/or otherwise oppressive. BNPP
also sought leave to file an affidavit in response to certain parts of the
second affidavit of Tan Kwi Kin, the second affidavit of Lee Yeok Hoon, the
second affidavit of Wong Weng Sun, the second affidavit of Yu Ching Ong (all
directors of JSPL) and the affidavit of Tan Boon Hoo (an expert witness for
JSPL), all filed on 4 January 2008 (“prayer 2”) which pertained to an alleged
BNPP suspense account (or sundry account) in which there was a credit standing
in JSPL’s name: see [45] below. As an alternative to prayer 2, in the event
that leave was not granted to file an affidavit in response as prayed for in
prayer 2, BNPP sought for the parts of the affidavits enumerated in prayer 2
to be expunged and struck out from the court records on the grounds that they
are scandalous, irrelevant and/or otherwise oppressive (“prayer 3”). JSPL’s
submissions were the same as for SUM 5493/2007. It had no objection to prayer
2 but sought the leave of court to reply to BNPP’s reply affidavit. For the
same reasons as for SUM 5493/2007, I dismissed prayer 1. I granted an order in
terms of prayer 2, with no further order as to JSPL’s application to file a
further reply. No order was given in respect of prayer 3.

9 I now turn to the background of the present originating summons.

Background facts

**_JSPL’s forex transactions with BNPP_**

_The facility letters_

10  Under the charge of its then-Chief Financial Officer, Wee Sing Guan
(“Wee”), JSPL started forex hedging activities in 2002 in line with the
expansion of its rig-building business. As most of the rig-building contracts
were denominated in US dollars (“USD”), JSPL’s primary foreign currency
inflows or receivables were denominated in USD (and this remains the situation
today). JSPL also had some foreign currency inflows or receivables in Euro. On
the other hand, most of JSPL’s expenses were in Singapore dollars (“SGD”),
USD, Japanese Yen (“JPY”) and some Euro. Thus, the net USD foreign currency
exposure was and is the largest financial risk that JSPL faces.

11 In order to hedge this risk, JSPL entered into forex transactions with a
number of banks, including BNPP. It is not in dispute that BNPP and JSPL
entered into various facility letters pursuant to which BNPP extended credit
facilities to JSPL in relation to these forex transactions. JSPL has produced
copies of several of these facility letters (“the facility letters”):

(a) A facility letter dated 9 October 2002, which began:

We are pleased to inform you that BNP Paribas, Singapore Branch (the “Bank”)
has agreed to make available to Jurong Shipyard Pte Ltd (hereinafter referred
to as “the Counter-Party”) an uncommitted forward exchange facility _that
shall be used for your hedging requirements_ subject to the conditions stated
herein and also the Standard Terms and Conditions Governing Bank
Facilities…annexed thereto.

[emphasis added]

(b) A facility letter between JSPL and BNPP dated 26 August 2003 (“the 26
August 2003 facility letter”) which provided credit lines for uncommitted
forward foreign exchange and uncommitted foreign exchange options, and stated
that “[t]he Facilities shall be used for hedging purposes”.

(c) A facility letter between JSPL and BNPP dated on 26 July 2004 (“the 26
July 2004 facility letter”) which provided a $25m multicurrency line for a
short term loan and/or banker’s guarantee, as well as lines of credit for
uncommitted forward foreign exchange, an uncommitted foreign exchange option
and an uncommitted interest rate swap. The 26 July 2004 facility letter
contained a purpose clause which stated:

PURPOSE

(a) The Short Term Loan Facility shall be used solely to finance the
Borrower’s working capital requirements.

(b) _The Forward Foreign Exchange Facility and Foreign Currency Option
Facility shall be used for hedging the Borrower’s foreign exchange exposure
only_.

(c) The Interest Rate Swap Facility shall be used for hedging the Borrower’s
interest rate exposure on its medium term loan(s) (“MTLs”).

[emphasis added]

(d) A letter from BNPP dated 19 September 2005 which amended the terms of the
26 July 2004 facility letter such that the maximum tenor of forex options was
extended to 12 months. Some of the standard terms and conditions were also
amended. However, it was not disputed that there was no amendment to the
purpose of the facilities as stated above.

It can be seen therefore that each of the facility letters contained a
provision that the facilities would be used for hedging.

_The 1 November 2004 resolution and the Master Agreement_

12 Some time after the 26 August 2003 facility letter, BNPP and JSPL commenced
negotiations on an International Swap Dealers Association (“ISDA”) Master
Agreement. An ISDA Master Agreement is an international standard form
agreement of the ISDA, used by derivative market participants. As a matter of
convention, where variations are negotiated and agreed between parties, these
variations are encapsulated in a schedule which would then be read together
with the ISDA Master Agreement.

13 For the purposes of entering into the proposed ISDA Master Agreement, BNPP
required a board resolution of JSPL authorising the execution of the ISDA
Master Agreement and approving the entry into forex transactions under the
ISDA Master Agreement. On 23 July 2004, one Saniza Othman from BNPP’s
documentation department sent an e-mail to Hardy Saat, a former officer with
BNPP’s fixed income division who was acting as a go-between for BNPP and JSPL,
attaching a draft ISDA schedule. Part 3(b) of this schedule stipulated that a
board resolution of JSPL “in a form acceptable to [BNPP]” should be furnished
to BNPP. Sample forms were attached as Exhibits Ia and Ib. From the e-mail
communications between Saniza Othman and Hardy Saat, it appears that although
JSPL initially requested that the board resolution be in the form of Exhibit
Ib, BNPP clarified that the correct form of the board resolution to use was
Exhibit Ia and JSPL ultimately acquiesced to this.

14 Thus, on 1 November 2004, a JSPL board resolution (“the 1 November 2004
resolution”) was passed, which read:

**1992 ISDA MASTER AGREEMENT**

**IT WAS RESOLVED THAT:**

1 The Company enters into the 1992 ISDA Master Agreement (Multicurrency-Cross
Border) with BNP Paribas (“the Agreement”), a copy of which together with its
Schedule is annexed hereto. BNP Paribas may, as its dole [_sic_] discretion,
allow the Company to enter into Transactions (as defined in the Agreement)
under the terms of the Agreement.

2 It is in the interests of the Company to enter into the Agreement and the
Transactions.

3 The Company has full authority and capacity to enter into such Transactions
from time to time for the purpose of hedging or on a speculative basis.

4 The terms and conditions of the Agreement be and are hereby approved and Mr
Yu Ching Ong and Mr Wee Sing Guan are hereby authorized to sign the Agreement.

5 That any one of the following persons (“Authorised Signatories”) be the
persons authorized and empowered to execute and deliver confirmations of any
Transactions entered into pursuant to the Agreement, on behalf of the Company.

Wong Weng Sun

Yu Ching Ong

Wee Sing Guan

Lee Yeok Hoon

15 The 1 November 2004 resolution was duly signed by JSPL’s directors, namely
Tan Kwi Kin, Yu Ching Ong, Heng Chiang Gnee, Wong Weng Sun and Lee Yeok Hoon.
The proposed ISDA Master Agreement was then executed by Wee and Yu Ching Ong
on the same day and, after the 1 November 2004 resolution was furnished to
BNPP, executed by BNPP’s authorised signatories on BNPP’s behalf on 3 January
2005 (“the Master Agreement”). According to BNPP, in accordance with the
convention for ISDA documentation, the Master Agreement was dated “as of” an
earlier date of 29 April 2004 to ensure that it would extend to the earliest
dated derivative transaction which was still outstanding at the date of
execution of the Master Agreement.

_The transactions under the Master Agreement_

16 Pursuant to the 1 November 2004 resolution and the Master Agreement, Wee
entered into various forex transactions with BNPP. For each transaction, Wee
would execute a trade confirmation. It should be noted that according to
Clause 1(c) of the Master Agreement, each of these transactions were entered
into on the basis that these trade confirmations and the Master Agreement
formed a single agreement between JSPL and BNPP and that the parties would not
otherwise enter into any transactions. Furthermore, some of these trade
confirmations expressly incorporated a provision stating:

This Confirmation supplements, forms part of, and is subject to the ISDA
Master Agreement dated as of 29 April 2004 as amended and supplemented from
time to time (the “Agreement”) between [BNPP] and [JSPL]. All provisions
contained in the Agreement shall govern this Confirmation except as
expressively modified herein.

17 The transactions entered into by Wee in 2006 and 2007 (“the Alleged
Unauthorised Transactions”) included exotic instruments called “extendable
snowball deliverable forwards”, “target redemption forward strips” and “target
dragon knock-out forwards”. In these transactions there were also various
knock-out features at various prices, as well as straddles and strangles. By
October 2007, the losses accumulated as a result of transactions confirmed by
Wee with BNPP amounted to some US$50 million, out of which US$49 million was
caused by a single pair of USD/Euro “snowball” transactions (“the Key
Transactions”).

**_Discovery of Alleged Unauthorised Transactions_**

18 In or around October 2007, JSPL discovered that substantial losses had been
incurred purportedly on its account, as a result of what they claim were
unauthorised transactions confirmed by Wee with BNPP, including the Key
Transactions. The discovery was made in part due to the fact that Wee had
arranged for a payment of US$83 million to be made to SG, with whom Wee had
also engaged heavily in alleged unauthorised forex transactions. This payment
sparked off a chain of inquiry which eventually led to the discovery of the
Alleged Unauthorised Transactions with BNPP.

19 Shortly thereafter, JSPL and SCM appointed Drew & Napier LLC (“D&N”)
jointly with Ernst & Young (“E&Y”) to investigate the Alleged Unauthorised
Transactions, their nature and the full circumstances under which they came to
be transacted and to work with a special committee of the SCM Board.

20 On 22 October 2007, SCM announced _inter alia_ that Wee had entered into
various unauthorised transactions purportedly for the account of JSPL and had
misled JSPL and SCM in relation to these transactions. On the same day (_ie_ ,
22 October 2007), JSPL sent a letter (signed by Tan Kwi Kin) to each of its
bankers, including BNPP, _inter alia_ putting them on notice that Wee had been
relieved from all his positions in JSPL and that he was not authorised to
represent JSPL in any capacity whatsoever. JSPL also revoked all instructions
and standing instructions which Wee may have given to the banks in relation to
forex transactions which had not yet been concluded or effected. The banks
were informed of JSPL’s position that Wee had conducted unauthorised trades
and the matter was being investigated.

21 On 23 October 2007, JSPL sent a further letter (also signed by Tan Kwi Kin)
to each of its bankers, including BNPP, inviting them to close out the
outstanding forex transactions but without prejudice to the banks’ and JSPL’s
respective right to maintain their positions as to whether the forex
transactions were authorised or not. The letter to BNPP stated:

We refer to our letter of 22 October 2007.

As you are aware, it is JSPL’s position that the foreign exchange transactions
purportedly effected by Mr Wee Sing Guan on JSPL’s account were unauthorised
and are not binding on us.

We understand that you take the position that these transactions are valid and
binding on JSPL. We disagree.

It appears to us that it would be in both our interests, pending the
resolution by the courts of the issue whether the said transactions are
binding on JSPL, to avoid any further deterioration of the positions and to
therefore immediately close out all the outstanding said foreign exchange
transactions which were effected by Mr Wee purportedly on JSPL’s account.

We therefore invite you to agree, without prejudice to our respective
positions set out above, to immediately close out all the said foreign
exchange transactions on the basis that the agreement will not under any
circumstances be deemed or said to be an adoption or ratification of the said
foreign exchange transactions by JSPL and will not affect or in any way
derogate from either party’s rights and ability to continue to maintain its
present position in Court.

The sole purpose of this proposal is to limit the loss to be incurred by
whichever party is ultimately held to be liable.

Please let us urgently know whether you agree.

22 On the same day (_ie_ , 23 October 2007), BNPP replied to JSPL’s letters
dated 22 and 23 October 2007, stating _inter alia_ that its position was that
the transactions were legally valid and binding on JSPL and purporting to
agree to close out the outstanding forex transactions, subject to BNPP
receiving evidence of Tan Kwi Kin’s authority to give “instructions” for a
close-out. JSPL replied on 25 October 2007 stating that it had given no such
“instructions” and that its letter of 23 October 2007 merely contained the
proposal that the parties agree:

[W]ithout prejudice to their respective positions, to immediately close out
all the said foreign exchange transactions on the basis that that agreement
will not under any circumstances be deemed or said to be an adoption or
ratification of the said foreign exchange transactions by JSPL and will not
affect or in any way derogate from any party’s right and ability to continue
to maintain its present position in Court.

23 Also on 25 October 2007, SCM announced, _inter alia_ that, in the interests
of good corporate governance and to enable SCM and JSPL to obtain legal advice
with respect to possible claims against them, as well as any claims by JSPL,
it had appointed PricewaterhouseCoopers (“PwC”) as independent investigating
accountants, to work jointly with D&N to investigate all the unauthorised
transactions, their nature and the full circumstances under which they came to
be transacted.

**_The Close-out Agreement and aftermath_**

24 BNPP and JSPL then began negotiations for the close-out of the outstanding
forex transactions between them, including the terms of the Close-out
Agreement. On 30 October 2007, BNPP’s Tan Eng Cheok outlined the procedure
envisaged by BNPP. He stated that once JSPL confirmed to him that JSPL wished
to close out all the outstanding trades at a price which he would provide
based on the exchange rate at that point in time, he would ask JSPL two
questions, both of which its representatives had to answer in the affirmative.
The two questions were: whether JSPL confirmed that it wished to close out the
outstanding transactions (which were to be listed in the schedule to the
Close-out Agreement); and whether JSPL confirmed that there would be a payment
by JSPL to BNPP of the sum arising from the close-out on 1 November 2007.

25  JSPL’s representatives refused to agree to answer the second question in
the affirmative and thus the attempt to close out fell through. BNPP’s lawyers
(“R&T”) and D&N then exchanged e-mail through the wee hours of the morning of
31 October 2007, in which D&N clarified and R&T noted that JSPL would not
agree to any request for confirmation that there would be payment by a certain
date after the close-out. After more negotiations, at or around 12am on the
morning of 1 November 2007, the parties executed and exchanged the following
Close-out Agreement:

Dear Sirs

**FOREIGN EXCHANGE TRANSACTIONS**

We refer to the foreign exchange transactions listed in the Schedule attached
hereto (“the Transactions”). The parties hereby confirm that the following has
been agreed between both parties.

Your position is that the Transactions are authorised and that we are liable
for the same under the ISDA Master Agreement made between BNP Paribas and
Jurong Shipyard Pte Ltd (“JSPL”) dated as of 29 April 2004 (“the Master
Agreement”). Our position is that the Transactions are unauthorised and that
we are not liable for the same and that we are not bound by the Master
Agreement. We have agreed, without prejudice to our and your position, to
consensually close out the Transactions in the following manner:

1\. Tan Cheng Tat is authorised and will be calling you to give oral
instructions for and on behalf of JSPL to terminate all the Transactions;

2\. You are authorised to accept all oral instructions from Tan Cheng Tat to
terminate the Transactions; and

3\. It shall be a condition of your acceptance of such oral instructions to
terminate the Transactions that:

(a) your representative and Tan Cheng Tat will, during their telephone
conversation, agree on our respective behalves an amount as your net in-the-
money value of the Transactions (the "Agreed Value"); and

(b) on and with effect from your acceptance of such oral instructions in such
telephone conversations, the Transactions shall be Terminated Transactions for
the purposes of the Master Agreement (as if an Early Termination Date had
occurred on the date of such telephone conversation and as a result of a
Termination Event) provided that:

(i) there shall be no Affected Party or Non Affected Party; and

(ii) in place of the amount to be calculated and stated or notified as
contemplated in Sections 6(d) and (e) of the Master Agreement, such amount
shall, for all the purposes of the Master Agreement be the Agreed Value,
effective as of the date of such telephone conversation.

The instructions in this letter do not constitute ratification or adoption by
us of the Transactions and the carrying out by you of these instructions shall
not be regarded or deemed by either party as a waiver, release, compromise,
abandonment or extinguishment of either party’s rights and/or obligations
under the Master Agreement and/or at law. These instructions as well as any
acts or conduct pursuant to them will not affect or derogate from either
party’s right and ability to continue to maintain its present position in
commencing or defending proceedings in court in the event of non-settlement on
the value date or otherwise at law or pursuant to the Master Agreement save
that the parties agree that in any such proceedings, no issue shall be raised
as to the Agreed Value.

…

26 The Schedule attached to the Close-out Agreement listed the transactions
which were to be the subject of close-out (“the outstanding forex
transactions”). These comprised 27 spot/outright/FX (_ie_ , forex) swap
transactions; 14 vanilla FX option transactions; and four FX structured
transactions. One of the four structured transactions was a re-structure of
one of the Key Transactions mentioned above: see [17].

27 Tan Cheng Tat and Tan Eng Cheok proceeded to close out the transactions in
a telephone conversation. This was followed by an e-mail from Tan Eng Cheok at
1.57am on 1 November 2007 (“the 1.57am e-mail”), stating:

Dear Cheng Tat and Maureen [another of JSPL’s representatives],

as instructed and agreed, all outstanding transactions between Jurong Shipyard
Pte Ltd and BNP Paribas have been terminated in accordance with the letter of
instructions dated 31 October 2007 [_ie_ , the Close-out Agreement] by you to
us.

The “Agreed Value” for the termination is USD 50,723,070.

Settlement of the “Agreed Value” will be in accordance with the letter of
instructions dated 31 October 2007 _[ie_ , the Close-out Agreement] by you to
us.

28 Another e-mail from Tan Eng Cheok followed at 2.41pm on the same day (_ie_
, 1 November 2007), stating:

Dear Cheng Tat, Maureen,

following the termination of the transactions below (email [the 1.57 am
e-mail] below) please note the following settlement details of BNP Paribas
Singapore’s USD agent account:

Agreed Value : USD 50,723,070  
Value Date : 05 November 2007  
To : BNP PARIBAS, NEW YORK  
[Bank account details]

Our official confo [_sic_] will follow.

29 Finally, the official confirmation was sent on the same day (_ie_ , 1
November 2007) (“the 1 November 2007 confirmation letter”), stating:

Dear Sirs

TERMINATION OF TRANSACTIONS BETWEEN JURONG SHIPYARD PTE LTD AND BNP PARIBAS

1\. We refer to your instruction letter dated 31 Oct 2007.

2\. Given that the telephone conversation between our representative, Mr
Kenneth Tan and your representative, Mr Tan Cheng Tat, took place on 1
November 2007, _the payment date, as determined in accordance with Section
6(d)(ii) of the Master Agreement, for payment of the Agreed Value of
USD50,723,070 is 5 November 2007._

3\. For the purposes of settlement, details of the relevant account of BNP
Paribas are as follows: ....

[emphasis added]

30 On 6 November 2007, JSPL responded to the 1 November 2007 confirmation
letter and stated:

1\. We refer to your letter of 1 Nov 2007.

2\. As we have indicated to you in our previous correspondence, JSPL's
position is that it is not responsible nor liable for the unauthorised foreign
exchange transactions effected by [WSG] purportedly on JSPL's account ("the
Transactions"). We are therefore not liable to you for the sum of
US$50,723,070.

3\. In any event, there is no basis for you to ask that payment of the sum of
US$50,723,070 be made to you before the Court has determined the issue. As our
letter of 31 Oct 2007 makes clear, we have mutually agreed, without prejudice
to our respective positions, to close out the Transactions so as to
crystallise and fix the quantum of the loss and expense falling to the party
which is ultimately held to be responsible or liable for the same.

4\. All our rights are fully reserved.

31 On 7 November 2007, BNPP issued a statutory demand pursuant to s 254(2)(a)
of the Companies Act (Cap 50, 2006 Rev Ed) to JSPL, for the alleged debt to be
paid within 21 days from the date of the statutory demand. This statutory
demand was retracted on the same day in view of ongoing discussions between
the parties but without prejudice to BNPP’s right to issue a fresh statutory
demand.

32 On 19 November 2007, SCM announced that it had subscribed for 300 million
redeemable preference shares amounting to $300m in the capital of JSPL and
that part of the funds from the recapitalisation would be used by JSPL to make
an unconditional payment to SG of US$115,450,000. This led to a response from
R&T on the same day stating:

...

2\. Your clients [_ie_ , JSPL] were obliged to pay our clients [_ie_ , BNPP],
the agreed net value arising from the close out, two local business days after
the close out, in accordance with the ISDA Master Agreement entered into
between our respective clients and dated as of 29 April 2004.

3\. We have understood your clients’ position to be that all the transactions
entered into with all bank counterparties are “unauthorised” and hence do not
engage your clients’ liability. We have further understood this to be a
position common to all bank counterparties.

...

4\. ... [O]ur clients had, at all material times, and continue now, to have a
legitimate expectation that they will be treated no less favorably than any
other bank counterparty.

...

6\. In this regard, we note from the 19 November 2007 announcement that
payment will be made to one of the bank counterparties today. Our clients
welcome this on the basis of the expectation stated above.

...

8\. If, contrary to the impression conveyed by the said statements and
announcements, it now emerges that the directors of SCM either did not or
could not have believed that the positions of the bank counterparties were
common at the time of the 1 Nov 2007 statements, it would follow that the said
statements and announcements made on or about 1 Nov 2007 were, at the very
least, false and misleading in material respects.

9\. Our clients would be surprised if this was found to be the case.

10\. In the meantime, our clients continue to reserve all their rights.

33 On 20 November 2007, in an effort to assure BNPP that it would be able to
make payment if it was ultimately proved in court that it was liable to pay
BNPP the alleged debt, JSPL offered to put an equivalent sum in escrow, making
it a condition of the offer of escrow that BNPP would have to commence legal
proceedings against JSPL to recover the alleged debt. JSPL gave BNPP up to 23
November 2007 to consider the offer of escrow. BNPP rejected the offer on the
same day. On 20 November 2007, BNPP served a fresh statutory demand on JSPL
for the alleged debt, which _inter alia_ stated:

We are instructed by our clients that, pursuant to the close out of all
outstanding foreign exchange transactions between you and our clients, carried
out in accordance with your instruction letter [_ie_ , the Close-out
Agreement] dated 31 October 2007 to our clients, the sum of USD50,723,070 is
due and owing by you to our clients.

On 23 November 2007, JSPL filed the present originating summons.

The applicable law

34 The law regarding the grant of an injunction to restrain a winding-up
application is not in dispute. It is well-established that it is an abuse of
process for a creditor to try to use the winding-up process to recover a
disputed debt and that such an attempt will usually be restrained by the
courts.  In _Woon’s Corporations Law_ **(** Walter Woon, LexisNexis 2006), the
relevant principles are succinctly laid out at [754], [755]-[800] and [854]:

[754]

**S254(2)(a) disputed debts** A company has not ‘neglected to pay’ the debt if
the debt is disputed on substantial rounds: Securicor (M) Sdn Bhd v Universal
Cars Sdn Bhd [1985] 1 MLJ 84 (High Court, Malaysia). Where a creditor becomes
aware that a debt is bona fide disputed, he should file an action, obtain
judgment and then make a winding-up application….A winding-up application is
not an appropriate means of collecting a disputed debt. It must not be used to
bring improper pressure to bear on a company. The proper course is to have the
matter adjudicated upon in an action for a debt.

[755]-[800]

**Abuse of process by filing application to enforce debt** A winding-up
application instituted for the purpose of enforcing a disputed debt is an
abuse of process of the Court and will be dismissed with costs: Re Ban Hong Co
Ltd [1959] MLJ 100; Re Mechanised Construction Pte Ltd [1989] 3 MLJ 9, 12. See
also Apirami Sdn Bhd v Tamil Nesan (M) Sdn Bhd [1986] 1 CLJ 493 where the
petition was dismissed with costs as it was not a bona fide attempt to obtain
the relief sought but was for the collateral purpose of embarrassing the
defendant.”

[854]

**Injunctions to restrain the making of an application, etc** A winding up
application may damage a solvent company’s reputation and the Court may order
an injunction, stay or dismiss the proceedings if it is not satisfied as to
the bona fides of the application: Ng Ah Kway v Tai Kit Enterprise Sdn Bhd
[1986] 1 MLJ 58. A respondent company may apply for an injunction even before
the winding-up application is made, if it receives a statutory demand for
payment that it disputes: Instrumech Engineering Sdn Bhd v Sensorlink Sdn Bhd
[2001] 1 MLJ 127 (High Court, Malaysia); Dynaworth Shipping Sdn Bhd v Ling
Chung Ann [2001] 3 MLJ 399 (High Court, Malaysia); Malayan Resources Corp Bhd
v Juranas Sdn Bhd [2002] 3 MLJ 169 (High Court, Malaysia)

35 Both parties accepted the authority of _Pacific Recreation Pte Ltd v S Y
Technology Inc and Anor Appeal_ [2008] SGCA 1 (“ _Pacific Recreation_ ”)
(though it should be noted that in that case the application for winding up
had already been made; still, the principles apply). In that case, the Court
of Appeal agreed with the following statement of principle by the appellants
(at [16]):

The appellants argued that the learned judge had wrongly applied the
discretionary principles relevant to the granting of a winding-up order. _Case
law, they argued, had clearly established that a winding-up petition was not
an appropriate means of enforcing a disputed debt, and that it would be an
abuse of the process of the Court to allow a creditor to wind up a company on
the basis of a disputed debt._ It was also submitted that a winding-up Court
was generally not in the best position to adjudicate on the merits of a
commercial dispute without a proper ventilation of the evidential disputes
through a trial. The appellants further stressed that a winding-up order was
often the “death knell” for a company and was a “draconian order” to make.
Thus, a Court should proceed cautiously in deciding whether to grant a
winding-up application.”

[emphasis added]

36 The threshold test for determining the existence of a substantial and
_bona_ _fide_ dispute is that of a _prima facie_ case. In other words, the
applicable standard is no more than that for resisting a summary judgment
application, _ie_ , the alleged debtor-company need only raise triable issues.
In _Pacific Recreation_ , the Court of Appeal confirmed (at [23]) that:

With regard to the applicable standard for determining the existence of a
substantial and _bona fide_ dispute, it was our view that the applicable
standard was no more than that for resisting a summary judgment application,
_ie_ , the debtor-company need only raise triable issues in order to obtain a
stay or dismissal of the winding-up application.

37 Several other principles should be borne in mind. First, a company cannot
merely assert that there is a substantial and _bona fide_ dispute but rather
must adduce evidence in support of it. As the Court of Appeal stated in
_Pacific Recreation_ at [17]:

[A] company [cannot] stave off a winding-up application merely by alleging
that there is a substantial and _bona fide_ dispute over the debt claimed by
the applicant-creditor. It is up to the court to evaluate whatever evidence
the company has raised and come to a conclusion on whether the alleged dispute
exists.

Similarly, at [19]:

We also found the following passage from Andrew R Keay, _McPherson’s Law of
Company Liquidation_ (Sweet & Maxwell, 2001) at para 3.67, p 122 helpful:

Whether or not there is a dispute on substantial grounds is a matter to be
decided in each case. The dispute envisaged is one where there is a dispute
which involves to a substantial extent disputed questions of fact which demand
_viva voce_ evidence. Of course, there must be evidence adduced which supports
the contention of the company that there is a substantial dispute. The courts
will be alive to the situation where a company seeks to raise a cloud of
objections to a petition in order to claim that a debt is disputed if the
objections are not able to be determined on affidavit evidence and without
cross-examination.

38 Secondly, there is no obvious dividing line demarcating when a court has
moved from merely asking itself whether a substantial and _bona fide_ dispute
exists to actually deciding the dispute itself: _Pacific Recreation_ at [20].
There the Court of Appeal at [20] referred approvingly to the following
passage in _Brinds Ltd v Offshore Oil NL (No 3)_ (1985) 10 ACLR 419 (“
_Brinds_ ”) at 424:

It seems to me that in every case it becomes necessary for the court to
exercise its discretion as to how far it will allow the question whether or
not the dispute is _bona fide_ to be explored. In some cases it may be very
easy to decide this question on the petition and affidavits in reply. In other
cases however it may be difficult to determine whether or not the dispute is
_bona fide_ without determining the merits of the dispute itself. In some such
cases convenience may require that the court decide the question whether or
not a debt exists, but in other such cases it may appear better to allow that
question to be determined in other proceedings before the petition for winding
up is heard.

39 _Pacific Recreation_ is a useful example of how these principles apply in
practice. In that case, the respondent applied to wind up the appellant
companies for failure to comply with statutory demands. The debt in the
statutory demands arose out of financing arrangements which were based on
various agreements entered into amongst the parties and the appellant’s
managing director. One of the material documents was a deed of indemnity which
did not contain a clause on the governing law. After the statutory demands had
been issued, arbitration proceedings were initiated by the appellant’s
managing director. The appellant argued that the outcome of the arbitration
would have an impact on its liability under the deed of indemnity and that it
was therefore premature and inappropriate for the respondent to pursue its
purported claim under the deed until after the arbitration had been resolved.
The High Court did not agree with the appellants that there was a substantial
and _bona fide_ dispute as to whether it was liable to pay the respondent the
amount demanded and ordered the immediate winding up of the appellant. The
Court of Appeal dismissed the appeal. The appellant had failed even to satisfy
the low threshold test of a _prima facie_ case that a dispute existed. This
was because the only substantial question was whether the governing law of the
deed of indemnity was Chinese law or Singapore law. This was simply a matter
of construing the relevant documents which were before the learned judge. The
court held that as further evidence, apart from the documents themselves,
would not have assisted the court, it was in all the circumstances appropriate
that the judge, having heard arguments from both sides on the applicable
governing law, then proceeded to decide the issue.

40 I now turn to the parties’ submissions.

The parties’ submissions

**_In respect of the Master Agreement_**

41 JSPL argued that there are triable issues in respect of its obligation to
pay the alleged debt under the Master Agreement. In particular, it highlighted
various documents (_viz_ , SCM annual reports, JSPL’s financial statements and
the facility letters referred to in [11] above) evincing JSPL’s and SCM’s
policy of limiting forex transactions to hedging and argued that further
inquiry was needed into the circumstances under which, in spite of BNPP’s
awareness of this policy, the final form of the 1 November 2004 resolution
authorising JSPL to enter into the Master Agreement and carry out forex
transactions “for the purpose of hedging or on speculative basis” was decided
upon.

42 JSPL further submitted that, even if the 1 November 2004 resolution is
proper and binding on its face, it does not cover the Key Transactions as
“speculative” transactions do not encompass exotic instruments. Thus, even at
this stage, a triable issue arises as to whether the Key Transactions are
covered by the terms of the 1 November 2004 resolution. More importantly, the
Key Transactions are not binding on JSPL because BNPP knew or ought to have
known that Wee did not have authority to enter into those specific
transactions. JSPL painted two scenarios: at best, there were circumstances
that put BNPP on actual or constructive notice that Wee did not have authority
for such transactions; at worst, BNPP’s officers were colluding with Wee to
carry out transactions beyond the scope of his authority.

43 As evidence of these dual scenarios, JSPL relied firstly on the fact of the
exotic or even “toxic” nature of the Alleged Unauthorised Transactions. As
evidence of their “toxicity”, JSPL pointed to the fact that almost the
entirety of the alleged debt was incurred as a result of the Key Transactions.
JSPL also relied on Heinz Riehl’s evidence that the Alleged Unauthorised
Transactions basically allowed Wee to temporarily cover up losses on
unauthorised speculative trades by the sale of a deep in-the-money option to
BNPP for a large up-front option premium in cash. If market conditions did not
change, the sale of the deep in-the-money option would at maturity cause an
additional loss to JSPL, on top of the losses from the speculative “long”
position maintained. JSPL argued that BNPP must either have encouraged Wee to
enter into these exotic transactions in order to capitalise on the fact that
he was effectively a “captive customer” so as to earn higher profit margins,
or that the nature of these exotic transactions should have put BNPP on notice
of Wee’s lack of authority to enter into them.

44 Secondly, JSPL relied on what they deposed was Wee’s unsigned statement
(see details below in [62] _et seq_), in which he asserted that the Alleged
Unauthorised Transactions (see [17] above) were offered by BNPP’s officers
(including Hardy Saat and Tan Eng Cheok) when he indicated, as far back as
2006, that he did not want to pay cash on the close-out of a loss-making forex
transaction but desired to defer the loss instead. The statement details
various meetings between himself and BNPP’s officers, including one on 12
September 2007 in which Tan Eng Cheok persuaded him to switch from an existing
JPY/USD structure into the pair of “snowball” transactions which ultimately
accounted for the loss leading to the alleged debt (see [17] above).

45 JSPL also relied on the existence of a suspense account (“the suspense
account”) of which JSPL apparently only became aware on 29 October 2007 when
BNPP e-mailed a marked-to-market (“MTM”) statement (as at 26 October 2007) to
JSPL which included the following statement:

NOTE: We note that there is a balance of SGD513,469.61 currently standing to
the credit of the suspense account held in your name “Jurong Shipyard Pte
Ltd.”

JSPL submitted that there was no directors’ resolution in respect of the
opening of the suspense account and BNPP did not disclose its existence to
JSPL’s external auditors. It argued that through the suspense account, BNPP
provided Wee with a place to park the funds from his unauthorised trading
activities without being detected.

46 JSPL further argued that there is evidence from various documents to show
that BNPP worked with Wee to tailor the information and documents to be
provided to the external auditors by sending information to Wee for his review
before sending the information to the external auditors. Those documents show
that Wee was giving instructions to BNPP as to the type of information to be
given to the external auditors. In this regard, he instructed BNPP not to
provide MTM information to the external auditors for the purposes of the 2006
audit confirmation process but to give only notional values instead. These
notional amounts showed only the face value of the transactions but were
meaningless as they did not show how much profit or loss had been made or
incurred at that particular point of time. (In contrast, a MTM valuation of a
portfolio gives an indication of the fair value price of that portfolio if all
the outstanding transactions were closed out at the market spot/forward/option
pricing rates at that point in time.)

47 JSPL also highlighted the backdating of the Master Agreement and argued
that BNPP’s own evidence (see [15] above) showed that this was done to cover
up speculative trades that Wee had entered into with BNPP prior to the 1
November 2004 resolution. JSPL referred me to an e-mail dated 31 August 2004
in which Saniza Othman wrote to Hardy Saat:

Re: PROPOSED ISDA MASTER AGREEMENT BETWEEN BNP PARIBAS AND JURONG SHIPYARD PTE
LTD

...

Please be reminded that this has been placed this [_sic_] as a prioirty
[_sic_] one file upon business’ [_sic_] request so I would be grateful for
your assistance in finalising ISDA negotiations asap.

JSPL argued that this showed that BNPP was in a rush to finalise the Master
Agreement because there were ongoing unauthorised speculative trades. I was
also referred to an e-mail dated 12 October 2004 from Saniza Othman to Hardy
Saat and Lisa Chang which stated: “Lisa. Please advise what the earliest trade
date is for this name [_ie_ , JSPL].” JSPL argued that the reason BNPP wanted
this information was because it wanted to backdate the Master Agreement to
cover that date.

48 JSPL submitted that the Key Transactions were of such an exotic nature (see
[43] above) that BNPP could not reasonably have believed that they were either
in the commercial interests of the company or that the company could have
understood those transactions. BNPP had a duty to raise this with JSPL’s
senior management. JSPL argued that the fact that BNPP failed to do so raised
a triable issue in respect of whether the Key Transactions were binding upon
JSPL.

49 BNPP submitted that the argument that Wee did not have authority to enter
into the Key Transactions cannot stand. BNPP argued that the present case is
one where the actual and apparent authority of Wee to transact on behalf of
BNPP coincided. The 1 November 2004 resolution embodied the actual authority
conferred on Wee (among others) in relation to his capacity to transact with
BNPP on behalf of JSPL. This was the same document given by JSPL to BNPP which
contained the representation JSPL gave to BNPP as to Wee’s authority. At all
material times, this was the only document or instrument that embodied Wee’s
authority to transact on JSPL’s behalf with BNPP. BNPP submitted that the
terms of the 1 November 2004 resolution are indubitably clear. Wee was
authorised to enter on behalf of JSPL into any forex transactions pursuant to
the Master Agreement and this expressly included transactions entered into
both “for the purpose of hedging and on a speculative basis”. Each of the
confirmations for the forex transactions entered into by Wee form a single
agreement with the Master Agreement: see [16] above. R&T submitted that JSPL
is accordingly bound by each of these transactions.

50 BNPP also rejected JSPL’s submission that, even if accepted on its face,
the terms of the 1 November 2004 resolution cannot be relied upon where the
transactions are alleged to be highly toxic or exotic. BNPP contended that
JSPL is contractually estopped by the representations in the Master Agreement
from arguing _inter alia_ that:

(a) The terms of the 1 November 2004 resolution were untrue, incomplete or
inaccurate or otherwise varied or qualified in any way by any other document;

(b) BNPP had any duty to inquire into the purposes for which JSPL was entering
into the Alleged Unauthorised Transactions and whether they were appropriate
or proper for JSPL; and

(c) The Master Agreement or any of the Alleged Unauthorised Transactions were
entered into without proper authority or that JSPL had not taken all necessary
action to authorise the execution or performance of the Master Agreement and
the transactions taking place thereunder.

51 BNPP’s main arguments were: first, s 4(a)(ii) of the Master Agreement read
with Part 3(b) of the schedule preclude JSPL from denying the truth,
completeness or accuracy of the 1 November 2004 resolution. Section 4(a)(ii)
of the Master Agreement provides that:

Each party agrees with the other that, so long as either party has or may have
any obligation under this Agreement or under any Credit Support Document to
which it is a party…[i]t will deliver to the other party…any other documents
specified in the Schedule or any Confirmation.

Turning to Part 3(b) of the Schedule, it specifies as one of the documents to
be delivered by “Party B” (_ie_ , JSPL) a “Board resolution of Party B
authorising the execution of this Agreement and approving the entering into of
the Transactions hereunder in a form acceptable to Party A [_ie_ , BNPP]”. It
is expressly stated in Part 3 of the Schedule that the said board resolution
would be “covered by Section 3(d) Representation”; and under section 3(d),
JSPL is taken to have represented to BNPP on each date on which each of the
transactions under the Master Agreement is entered into, that the information
in the 1 November 2004 resolution is “true, accurate and complete in every
material respect”.

52 Secondly, BNPP referred me to the representations in Part 5(e) of the
schedule to the Master Agreement. The relevant parts read:

**(e****) Representations.** Each party will be deemed to represent to the
other party on the date on which it enters into a Transaction that (absent a
written agreement between the parties that expressly imposes affirmative
obligations to the contrary for that Transaction):

(i) **Non-Reliance**. It is acting for its own account and _it has made its
own independent decisions to enter into that Transaction and as to whether
that Transaction is appropriate or proper_ for it is [_sic_] based upon its
own judgment and upon advice from such advisers as it has deemed necessary. It
is not relying on any communication (written or oral) of the other party as
investment advice or as a recommendation to enter into that Transaction; it
being understood that information and explanations related to the terms and
conditions of a Transaction shall not be considered investment advice or a
recommendation to enter into that Transaction. It has not received from the
other party any assurance or guarantee as to the expected results of the
Transaction.

(ii) **Evaluations and Understanding.** It is _capable of evaluating and
understanding (on its own behalf or through independent professional advice),
and understands and accepts the terms, conditions and risks of that
Transaction._ It is also _capable of assuming, and assumes, the financial and
other risks of that Transaction._

(iii) **Status of Parties.** The other party is not acting as a fiduciary or
an adviser for it in respect of that Transaction.

(iv) **Acting as Principal.** It is acting as principal and not as agent or in
any other capacity, fiduciary or otherwise.

[emphases added]

BNPP submitted that any assertion by JSPL as to the unsuitability of the
Alleged Unauthorised Transactions should be examined in the light of these
representations. On a plain reading of these provisions, JSPL represented and
agreed on each of the dates that it entered into the Alleged Unauthorised
Transactions that:

(a) BNPP owed it no duties, whether as a fiduciary or as an advisor to it, as
JSPL expressly represented that BNPP was not acting as a fiduciary or an
advisor;

(b) JSPL was capable of evaluating and understanding the terms, conditions and
risks of each transaction;

(c) JSPL cannot and would not assert that it did not understand and accept (or
was not capable of understanding) the terms, conditions and other risks of
each transaction;

(d) JSPL was capable of assuming and did in fact assume the financial and
other risks of each transaction;

(e) JSPL made its own decision to enter into each transaction;

(f) JSPL made its own decision as to the appropriateness or propriety of each
transaction; and

(g) JSPL did not rely on any communication of any sort from BNPP.

53 BNPP also relied on s 3(a)(ii) of the Master Agreement:

**3\. Representations**

Each party represents to the other party (which representations shall be
deemed to be repeated by each party on each date on which a Transaction is
entered into…) that:

(a)_**Basic Representations.**_

…

(ii) **_Powers._** It has _the power to execute this Agreement and any other
documentation relating to this Agreement to which it is a party_ , to deliver
this Agreement and any other documentation relating to this Agreement that it
is required by this Agreement to deliver and to perform its obligations under
this Agreement and any obligations it has under any Credit Support Document to
which it is a party and _has taken all necessary action to authorise such
execution, delivery and performance_.

[emphases added]

BNPP submitted that this representation applies in and of itself as an
assurance of due authorisation in relation to each forex transaction that was
entered into by Wee on behalf of JSPL under the Master Agreement. Further, by
virtue of the explicit representation by JSPL that it has taken all necessary
action to authorise such execution and performance, this is a representation
that the 1 November 2004 resolution which had been provided to BNPP was
sufficient in every respect to authorise JSPL’s entry into the Master
Agreement and into each transaction under the Master Agreement. BNPP concluded
that JSPL is precluded from contending that it had not authorised the Key
Transactions, whether on the ground that they were not for hedging purposes,
or on any other grounds.

54 BNPP’s response to D&N’s theory that BNPP had colluded with Wee to cover up
losses from unauthorised speculative trades was _inter alia_ that there was
nothing sinister about the backdating of the Master Agreement which had been
done merely to confirm with ISDA convention and that, in any case, on JSPL’s
own evidence, the earliest confirmed instance of speculative trading only took
place in 2006. BNPP had disclosed the Alleged Unauthorised Transactions to E&Y
when E&Y approached BNPP to provide information for JSPL’s 2006 year-end audit
confirmation (“the 2006 audit confirmation”). BNPP pointed out that it was
nowhere suggested that E&Y did not understand the information given by BNPP in
the 2006 audit confirmation and that E&Y itself had come back to say that it
was satisfied with the information and found it in order. The data provided by
BNPP made it clear that JSPL had outstanding contracts with BNPP which
comprised (a) spot exchange contracts; (b) forward exchange contracts; and (c)
options contracts. The options contracts comprised (a) options under a pivot
target redemption forward transaction and (b) options under a target
redemption forward transaction. R&T clarified that the suspense account (see
[45] above) was an internal general ledger account of BNPP’s in which debit
and credit entries arising from forex transactions with JSPL were booked as
JSPL itself did not have a bank account with BNPP at the material time. It
argued that there was no evidence whatsoever that the internal general ledger
account could be or was used to assist Wee to conceal his gains or losses, as
these moneys were in fact paid out to JSPL’s bank accounts or on its
instructions on four separate occasions.

**_In respect of the Close-out Agreement_**

55 BNPP’s alternative case was that an independent obligation to pay the
alleged debt arises from the Close-out Agreement. This is based on the
paragraph numbered 3(b) in the Close-out Agreement, which provides that BNPP’s
agreement to accept JSPL’s instructions to terminate the outstanding forex
transactions was conditional upon these transactions being “Terminated
Transactions for the purposes of the Master Agreement (as if an Early
Termination Date had occurred on the date of such telephone conversation and
as a result of a Termination Event)”.

56 The effect of the occurrence of an Early Termination Date is provided for
by s 6(c)(ii) of the Master Agreement:

Upon the occurrence or effective designation of an Early Termination Date, no
further payments or deliveries [required by the trade confirmations or any
default interest payable] in respect of the Terminated Transactions will be
required to be made, but without prejudice to the other provisions of this
Agreement. The amount, if any, payable in respect of an Early Termination Date
shall be determined pursuant to Section 6(e).

By the paragraph numbered 3(b)(ii) in the Close-out Agreement, the amount
calculated as being payable under s 6(e) of the Master Agreement was the
Agreed Value, _viz_ , the alleged debt (see the 1.57 am e-mail in [27] above).

57 Section 6(d)(ii) further provides that:

An amount calculated as being due in respect of any Early Termination Date
under Section 6(e) will be payable ... two Local Business Days after the day
on which notice of the amount payable is effective (in the case of an Early
Termination Date which is designated as a result of a Termination Event). ****

Notice of the amount payable was in fact given in 1 November 2007 confirmation
letter and two local business days after that was 5 November 2007.

58 BNPP emphasised that the outstanding forex transactions were Terminated
Transactions “on and with effect from [BNPP’s] acceptance of [JSPL’s] oral
instructions” in the telephone conversation of 31 October 2007, _ie_ ,
triggering an independent obligation of JSPL to pay the alleged debt on 5
November 2007 (“the independent obligation to pay under the Close-out
Agreement”), without the need for BNPP to first establish JSPL’s liability
under the Master Agreement. This echoed the position that BNPP had asserted in
its 1 November 2007 confirmation letter (see [29] above). It further submitted
that, if there was no independent obligation to pay under the Close-out
Agreement, the words “[i]t shall be a condition of [BNPP’s] acceptance of
[JSPL’s] oral instructions to terminate...” would be superfluous.

59 BNPP submitted that the “reservation provisions” (_viz_ , the second
unnumbered paragraph from the top [“the first reservation provision”] and the
penultimate paragraph [“the second reservation provision”] of the Close-out
Agreement) do not derogate from the independent obligation to pay under the
Close-out Agreement. The first reservation provision merely reiterates the
parties’ respective positions on JSPL’s liability for the alleged debt under
the Master Agreement. In fact, the second reservation confirms the existence
of the independent obligation to pay under the Close-out Agreement, because it
contemplates litigation in three scenarios: “in the event of non-settlement on
the value date”, “otherwise at law” and “pursuant to the Master Agreement”.
BNPP argued that litigation _“_ pursuant to the Master Agreement _”_ must
refer to litigation brought by BNPP since the position reserved by JSPL under
the Close-out Agreement was that it is not bound by the Master Agreement and
hence JSPL could not have contemplated bringing proceedings pursuant to the
Master Agreement. Litigation “otherwise at law”, on the other hand, clearly
included proceedings commenced by JSPL and this in turn would have included
proceedings such as the present as well as proceedings commenced by JSPL to
recover any money paid over to BNPP. Therefore, if JSPL is correct that BNPP
could only seek payment of the alleged debt pursuant to the Master Agreement,
that would mean that the first scenario “in the event of non settlement on the
value date” would have to be regarded as wholly superfluous as the only
scenario in which BNPP could commence litigation is in “proceedings in court …
pursuant to the Master Agreement” _._ BNPP urged me to reject a construction
of the Close-out Agreement that would render any of its words meaningless or
superfluous.

60 JSPL’s primary position was that BNPP did not discharge its burden of
showing that the express terms of the Close-out Agreement created an
independent obligation to pay under the Close-out Agreement. Its view was that
the reservation provisions made clear that both parties were preserving their
respective positions with regard to liability, such that the issue of
liability was very much alive. The purpose of the close-out was merely for
quantum to be fixed so that proceedings at a later stage under the Master
Agreement would only be on liability. JSPL’s interpretation of the words “in
the event of non-settlement on the value date” was perhaps unsurprisingly
diametrically opposed to BNPP’s – it submitted that this phrase clearly
contemplated that JSPL had an _option_ of paying the alleged debt on the value
date (_ie_ , 5 November 2007) , but not an _obligation_. Should JSPL fail to
do so, BNPP could commence proceedings but its claim would still be under the
Master Agreement, in relation to which various triable issues had been raised
by JSPL.

61 JSPL further submitted that, even if the Close-out Agreement is interpreted
as creating an independent obligation to pay the alleged debt, it also
expressly acknowledges JSPL’s right to make a claim against BNPP to recover
the alleged debt in subsequent proceedings. In other words, JSPL and BNPP had
agreed that JSPL has a cross-claim for the monies. JSPL argued that, if that
is correct, BNPP’s claim under the Close-out Agreement is fundamentally flawed
because where a party has a genuine cross-claim against the potential
petitioner based on substantial grounds, an injunction will be granted to
restrain winding-up proceedings.

The unsigned statement of Wee

**_Background facts_**

62 Before proceeding to my decision proper, I shall first deal with the issue
of the admissibility of Wee’s unsigned statement (“the unsigned statement”),
which as mentioned above was relied on by JSPL to show that BNPP had colluded
with Wee to carry out the Alleged Unauthorised Transactions.

63 The facts regarding the provenance of Wee’s unsigned statement are as
follows: Wee first met with Tan Kwi Kin, Chong Shee Sai (JSPL’s company
secretary) and Wong Peng Kin (Director, Group Human Resources of JSPL) on 23
November 2007 to discuss a draft of the unsigned statement. After these
discussions, Wee requested that some changes be made which were handwritten
onto the draft by Wong Peng Kin and later incorporated into the draft.
Following a letter from Wee’s lawyers, M/s Lee & Lee, alleging that the draft
of the unsigned statement as it then stood did not accurately reflect Wee’s
views and recollections in several material respects, Wee met with the same
JSPL officers again on 2 January 2008. At this meeting, Wee made some
handwritten amendments to the draft and confirmed that apart from these
changes, he accepted the draft as true and accurate. I noted that these
handwritten amendments had not been incorporated into the unsigned statement
which was sought to be admitted as evidence. M/s Lee & Lee sent a further
letter to D&N on 21 January 2008 in which it registered its objections to
JSPL’s initiation of the two meetings with its client Wee without its
knowledge and asserted Wee’s position that his acts and forex transactions
were at all material times authorised and mandated by JSPL.

**_The parties’ submissions_**

64 BNPP submitted that the unsigned statement constitutes hearsay, which under
O 41 r 5 of the Rules of Court (Cap 322 R 5, 2006 Rev Ed) is inadmissible in
affidavit evidence except in the case of an affidavit sworn for the purpose of
being used in “interlocutory proceedings”: see O 41 r 5(2), set out below at
[67].

65 BNPP argued that the present originating summons is not interlocutory in
form as an originating summons should be distinguished from an ordinary
summons; the former being a summons for commencement of proceedings (_ie_ , an
originating process) and the latter being a summons for a pending course or
matter. BNPP further submitted that it is settled law that proceedings which
seek an injunction to restrain a party from winding up a company are not
“interlocutory” in nature as they decide with finality the right of the
creditor to present the winding-up process and do not merely seek to preserve
the _status quo_ between parties. BNPP relied on _Bryanston Finance Ltd v De
Vries (No 2)_ [1975] 2 WLR 41 (“ _Bryanston Finance [No 2]_ ”), which it
claimed was cited with approval in _Tang Choon Keng Realty (Pte) Ltd v Tang
Wee Cheng_ [1992] 2 SLR 1114 (“ _Tang Choon Keng Realty_ ”).

66 JSPL argued that the court should not focus on the form of the application
as an originating summons. I was referred to _Metalform Asia Pte Ltd v Holland
Leedon Pte Ltd_ [2007] 2 SLR 268, in which it was said that it is well-
established that where a company disputes a debt claimed by a creditor,

the court will restrain a creditor from filing a petition to wind up the
company, or if the petition has been filed, to [_sic_] stay or dismiss it on
the ground that the _locus standi_ of the petitioner as a creditor is in
question, and it is an abuse of process of the court for the petitioner to try
to enforce a disputed debt in this way.

If JSPL had applied for a stay of winding up or summary judgment, the unsigned
statement would be admissible because those are interlocutory proceedings.
JSPL argued that the unsigned statement should not become inadmissible simply
because it had instead filed the present originating summons, when the relief
is in effect the same and the test for whether the relief should be granted
(_ie_ , whether there is a disputed debt) is identical. It submitted, relying
on _Savings & Investment Bank v Gasco Investments (No 2)_ [1988] 2 WLR 1212 (“
_Savings Bank [No 2]_ ”), that the key test for an interlocutory proceeding is
whether the court is being asked to keep matters in the _status quo_ until the
final rights of the parties are decided.

**_My decision_**

67 The relevant provision in Singapore governing the admissibility of hearsay
evidence by affidavit is O 41 r 5 of the Rules of Court, which states:

**Contents of affidavit** (O 41, r 5)

(1) Subject to the other provisions of these Rules, an affidavit may contain
only such facts as the deponent is able of his own knowledge to prove.

(2) An affidavit sworn for the purpose of being used in interlocutory
proceedings may contain statements of information or belief with the sources
and grounds thereof.

68 There is no definition of “interlocutory proceedings” in the Rules of
Court. In the explanatory note to O 41 r 5(2) in para 41/5/2 of _Singapore
Civil Procedure 2007_ (GP Selvam ed, Sweet & Maxwell Asia 2007), it is stated
that:

Proceedings are not “interlocutory proceedings” within this rule _merely
because_ they are seeking an interlocutory order and not a final order. _A
distinction is drawn between interlocutory proceedings generally and
interlocutory proceedings where an issue has to be determined, the latter
class falling outside this rule._ “For the purposes of this rule those
applications only are considered interlocutory _which do not decide the rights
of the parties_ , but are made for the purposes of keeping things in status
quo till the rights can be decided, or for the purpose of obtaining some
direction of the court as to how the cause is to be conducted, as to what is
to be done in the progress of the cause of [_sic_] __ the purpose of enabling
the court ultimately to decide upon the rights of the parties”: _Gilbert v
Endean_ (1878) 9 Ch.D 259 at 269.

[emphases added]

69 It is important at this point to distinguish between the form and the
substance or nature of an application. After the amendments to the Rules of
Court in 2006, all interlocutory applications are made in the mode of a
“summons”, which is defined in O 1 r 4 of the Rules of Court to mean “every
summons in a pending cause or matter”. Thus, it appears that proceedings are
interlocutory in form if they are brought in the context of a pending cause or
matter. I accept that originating summonses are not interlocutory in form. As
explained in _Singapore Civil Procedure_ at 28/0/2:

The originating summons should not be confused with an ordinary summons (such
as a summons in chambers). The ordinary summons is used for interlocutory
applications in pending proceedings whereas an originating summons, as its
name suggests, is an originating process (_ie_ , a mode for the commencement
of proceedings). Order 1, r.4 succinctly captures this distinction:
“originating summons means every summons other than a summons in a pending
cause or matter.”

70 However, in my view, the more important questions are: first, whether the
present originating summons which seeks to restrain a future winding-up
application based on an existing statutory demand is interlocutory in nature;
and secondly, whether the exception in O 41 r 5(2) can encompass such an
originating summons.

71 In respect of the first question, a test for determining whether a given
application is interlocutory in nature must first be found. Unfortunately,
most of the authorities cited to me involved decisions where the court found
that the applications were interlocutory in form but should not be treated as
such for the purposes of admitting hearsay affidavit evidence because they
determined the rights of the parties which were the subject of the pending
cause or matter. In other words, they were cases involving “interlocutory
proceedings generally”, but where the particular proceeding “fell outside this
rule [_ie_ , O 41 r 5(2)]”: see para 41/5/2 of _Singapore Civil Practice_
(quoted in [68] above). However, where the application in question is an
originating process, the test of whether the rights of the parties in the
pending cause or matter are being finally determined is clearly inapplicable.
Thus, these authorities do not, except in a most oblique manner, shed light on
the question of whether the present originating summons, which is in form an
originating process, may in the light of the surrounding circumstances be of
an interlocutory nature.

72 For this reason, I did not share JSPL’s faith in _Savings Bank (No 2)_ as
support for its submission that the present originating summons is
interlocutory in nature. In _Savings Bank (No 2)_ , the plaintiff bank had
brought two actions to recover moneys lent to the five defendant companies
(“the main actions”). On the actions being stayed pending proceedings in the
Isle of Man, one of the companies gave an undertaking that it would not
dispose of its assets so as to leave less than £7 million in the United
Kingdom. Subsequently, the bank by notice of motion sought the sequestration
of that company's assets and the committal of two of its directors for
contempt of court for procuring, aiding and abetting the company's breach of
its undertaking. The bank sought to introduce affidavits referring to hearsay
evidence in support of the motion under R.S.C., Ord 41, r 5(2) which is _in
pari materia_ with O 41 r 5(2) of our Rules of Court. The judge ruled _inter
alia_ that committal proceedings were not interlocutory proceedings so that
Ord 41, r 5(2) could not apply. The Court of Appeal allowed the bank’s appeal.
Purchas LJ reasoned (at 1224-25) that:

In the present case the undertakings which were offered and accepted to
preserve the assets in this country clearly fell within the concept of
interlocutory proceedings to protect what would be the fruits of victory _in
the main suit_ if not the property which was the subject matter of the action
itself. I think that here lies the crucial distinction between interlocutory
and final proceedings. The fact that such an order can be enforced by a motion
to commit for contempt of court in the breach, if its true purpose is to
enable the proper conduct of the trial and the final resolution of the issues
between the parties, then it is nonetheless an interlocutory proceedings
[_sic_].

[emphasis added]

73 The motion for committal, being brought in order to enforce an undertaking
which in turn was aimed at protecting the potential fruits of victory in a
pending cause or matter (“the main suit”), was interlocutory in form: see [69]
above. However, on the facts in the present originating summons, no such main
suit exists, as no application for winding up has yet been brought; indeed,
the very purpose of the originating summons is to prevent such an application
from being brought. As such, _Savings Bank (No 2)_ provides little support for
D&N’s submissions.

74 The facts of _Bryanston Finance (No 2)_ bear more resemblance to those in
the present originating summons and thus I propose to examine it at some
length. The defendant, who held only 62 out of some seven million issued
shares in the plaintiff company and had a personal animosity against the
company's chairman, was dissatisfied with the answers he received to questions
he had asked concerning loans made by the company to the chairman and
companies under his control. He wrote two letters to the chairman seeking
further information and stated that, if he received no reply, he would present
a petition, under s 222(f) of the UK Companies Act 1948, for the winding up of
the company. The company issued a writ (“the first action”) for an injunction
to restrain the defendant from petitioning to wind it up on the ground of
failure to answer the questions or any ground connected therewith. The
defendant filed two affidavits containing allegations of fraud, misfeasance
and impropriety on the part of the company. On 18 March 1975, the company was
granted an injunction pending trial of the first action in terms of the
injunction claimed in the writ. Following an announcement that another company
was to make an offer for the minority shareholders' shares in the plaintiff
company, the defendant served notice of motion to discharge the injunction in
the first action on the ground that the offer constituted a change of
circumstances justifying discharge of the order and he filed two further
affidavits containing allegations against the company. On 30 April 1975,
Oliver J dismissed the motion. On 1 May 1975 the defendant issued an abortive
petition and on 2 May 1975 the company issued a writ (“the second action”) for
an injunction restraining the defendant from petitioning for the winding up of
the company on any of the grounds contained in the four affidavits filed in
the first action. In accordance with the procedural requirements of the time,
the plaintiff company then issued a motion for an interim injunction in the
terms of the injunction claimed in the writ in the second action and, although
contending that the matter had to be decided on the balance of convenience and
the evidence showed that a petition would be an abuse of the process of the
court, conceded that the defendant might in the second action succeed in
establishing that some of the grounds for presenting a petition were not an
abuse of the process of the court. On 15 May 1975, Oliver J granted the
interim injunction. The defendant appealed against the court’s refusal to
discharge the injunction in the first action and the granting of the
injunction in the second action. I shall focus on the second appeal.

75 It should be noted that _Bryanston Finance (No 2)_ was actually about the
test to be used in deciding whether to grant an injunction against winding up
and not about whether proceedings in respect of applications for such
injunctions are interlocutory for the purpose of admitting hearsay affidavit
evidence. However, in giving their reasons for the test to be applied, the
judges had to consider the nature of the injunction in question and whether it
could be considered interlocutory (such that the balance of convenience test
in _American Cyanamid Co v Ethicon Ltd_ [1975] AC 396 (“ _American Cyanamid_
”) applied). Ultimately, the judges allowed the appeal because the plaintiff
company had failed to show that the petition was _prima facie_ bound to fail.

76 Turning first to Buckley LJ’s reasoning, he stated (at 51 to 52):

The action in the present case is of an exceptional and rather different
character. The only relief claimed in the writ in this action is the
injunction which I have already mentioned. This is admittedly based on an
assertion that the presentation of a petition of the kind sought to be
restrained would be an abuse of the process of the court. Whether this would
be so would be the only issue to be determined in the action. The issues which
might arise for decision upon the hearing of such a petition, if the defendant
were permitted to present it, would not arise as substantive issues and might
not arise at all on the trial of the action. _In relation to such a petition
the action as a whole is in the nature of an interlocutory proceeding._

_If it be asked what legal right the plaintiff company relies on in the second
action from a violation of which the plaintiff company is seeking temporary
protection pending the trial of the action, the answer must be, it seems to
me, the right not to be involved in litigation which would constitute an abuse
of the process of the court._ But the plaintiff company cannot assert such a
right in respect of any particular anticipated litigation without
demonstrating that, at least prima facie, that litigation would be an abuse.

If it could now be said that, on the available evidence, the presentation by
the defendant of such a petition as is described in the injunction would prima
facie be an abuse of process, the plaintiff company might claim to have
established a right to seek interlocutory relief. Otherwise I do not think it
can.

[emphases added]

The judge reasoned that the plaintiff company could not be allowed to restrain
the defendant from presenting his winding-up petition because, first, it was
clear that some, if not all, of the allegations mentioned by the defendant, if
they were to be substantiated, could lead to a winding-up order. Secondly,
counsel for the plaintiff had conceded that the defendant might succeed in
establishing that the presentation of a petition on grounds asserted in the
four affidavits would not be an abuse of the process.

77 Buckley LJ concluded (at 53) with a reference to _American Cyanamid_ :

In his speech in the _American Cyanamid_ case [1975] A.C. 396 Lord Diplock
recognised that there might be special factors to be taken into consideration
in the particular circumstances of individual cases. In my judgment, the fact
that the second action is an action designed to prevent the commencement of
proceedings in limine is such a special factor. In such a case the court
should not, in my judgment, interfere with what would otherwise be a
legitimate approach to the seat of justice unless the evidence is sufficient
to establish prima facie that the plaintiffs will succeed in establishing that
the proceedings sought to be restrained would constitute an abuse of process.
In the present case, in my opinion, this has not been achieved.

78 Significantly, Buckley LJ’s reasoning is completely contrary to the
proposition for which BNPP claims _Bryanston Finance (No 2)_ is authority.
Buckley LJ’s view was that, where an action – _ie_ , including an originating
process like a writ or originating summons – had been brought in which the
sole relief sought is the restraint of a potential winding-up petition, the
action is viewed as interlocutory _vis-à-vis_ the petition. Thus, Buckley LJ
did not cast the second action out of the category of interlocutory
proceedings to which _American Cyanamid_ applied. However, he reasoned that
_American Cyanamid_ envisaged the presence of “special factors”, in the
instant case being that the second action would prevent the commencement of
winding-up proceedings _in limine_ , such that it was necessary for the
evidence to show _prima facie_ that the threatened winding-up proceedings
would be an abuse of process.

79 Stephenson LJ, on the other hand, reached his conclusion on the basis that
_American Cyanamid_ did not apply to injunctions against winding up, because
these were not interlocutory injunctions at all. He stated (at 54):

[Counsel for the plaintiff company] sought support for the judge's approach
and order in the concluding sentence of the judgment of Sir George Jessel M.R.
in _Niger Merchants Co. v. Capper_ (1877) 18 Ch.D. 557, 559. He claimed
support there for his submission that the injunction he prayed for was only
interlocutory, that there was a serious issue to be tried after it had been
granted or refused, and that at this stage the balance of convenience had
therefore to be considered and the _American Cyanamid_ case applied. But the
hearing to which the sentence in the _Niger Merchants_ case refers was clearly
a hearing of conflicting evidence on the question whether Mr. Capper did
threaten the company with winding up, which he denied, and that case is no
authority for the proposition that a plaintiff company, which moves for an
injunction to restrain the presentation of a petition to wind it up as an
abuse of the process of the court, can rely on a balance of convenience and
reserve its evidence to prove the abuse until the question whether it is an
abuse is finally decided at the trial of the action. I agree with Sir John
Pennycuick, whose judgment I have had the privilege of reading, that it is
finally decided at this stage and there is nothing left to try.

_This is not_

_“an application for an interlocutory injunction to restrain a defendant from
doing acts alleged to be in violation of the plaintiff's legal right,”_

_but to restrain a defendant from exercising his legal right to present a
petition._ So Lord Diplock's words in the _American Cyanamid_ case which
Buckley L.J. quoted do not apply to such an application as this.

[emphasis added]

80 Finally, Sir John Pennycuick reasoned (at 55 to 56):

The issue between the intending petitioner and the company which would arise
upon presentation of the petition is whether or not the company shall be
compulsorily wound up. The motion seeks a summary order restraining the
defendant from starting the process which would raise this issue for
litigation in the Companies Court. _The order sought upon the motion, if made,
will from its very nature conclude once and for all, so far of course as
concerns the ground upon which the petition is based, the summary issue raised
by the motion: that is to say, the defendant is either free to present his
petition or he is prohibited from doing so._ _It is no doubt procedurally
necessary under the present practice to bring the application for an
injunction before the court by way of motion in an action commenced by writ
seeking the same relief, the order sought upon the motion being expressed in
interlocutory form. But whether the application succeeds or fails, the order
upon it is the end of the action. The only issue in the action has been
determined once and for all upon the motion and there can be no question of
the action itself being brought on for a hearing at some later date on the
same_ _issue_. The notion of a full hearing with oral examination and cross-
examination of an application to stop proceedings in limine is altogether at
variance with the principles upon which the court acts. The decision in the
_American Cyanamid_ case was, as I understand it, addressed to interlocutory
motions in the sense of motions seeking interim relief pending determination
of the rights of the parties at the hearing of the action: cf. per Lord
Diplock. He said, at p. 405: "The grant of an interlocutory injunction is a
remedy that is both temporary and discretionary." and at p. 406:

When an application for an interlocutory injunction to restrain a defendant
from doing acts alleged to be in violation of the plaintiff's legal right is
made upon contested facts, the decision whether or not to grant an
interlocutory injunction has to be taken at a time when ex hypothesi the
existence of the right or the violation of it, or both, is uncertain and will
remain uncertain until final judgment is given in the action.

I do not think that the decision should be read as applicable to motions
which, _though interlocutory in form, seek relief which will finally determine
the issue in the action and more particularly motions seeking to stop
proceedings in limine._

[emphases added]

81 Sir John Pennycuick’s reasoning in fact reveals two different arguments:
the first is that since the order sought upon the motion will determine once
and for all the issue raised in the motion of whether the defendant is free to
present his petition on the grounds in the four affidavits or not (_ie_ , it
seeks to stop proceedings _in limine_), it is not an interlocutory proceeding
(see underlined portion of his reasoning above). The second argument must be
viewed in light of the procedural requirement at the time, that a company
seeking relief of this kind must file a writ claiming an injunction to
restrain presentation of a petition followed immediately by a motion expressed
to claim an interlocutory injunction in the same terms. Sir John Pennycuick
argued that the motion, though interlocutory in form, was in fact not
interlocutory in nature because it determined the issue in the action itself
(see italicised portions of his reasoning above). As explained above at [73],
this line of argument does not shed much light on the question I have to
determine, _viz_ , whether an originating summons seeking to restrain a future
winding-up application based on an existing statutory demand is interlocutory
in nature.

82  Far from demonstrating that it is settled law that proceedings which seek
an injunction to restrain a party from winding up a company are not
interlocutory in nature, therefore, _Bryanston Finance (No 2)_ evinces
differing judicial opinions about the nature of such proceedings. One view,
propounded by Buckley LJ, is that they should in fact be viewed as
interlocutory _vis-à-vis_ the petition for winding up. The second, propounded
by Sir John Pennycuick (though it is not clear why he took two alternative
lines of reasoning to reach his conclusion) is that they should not be viewed
as interlocutory because they determine once and for all the would-be
petitioner’s right to present his petition on the grounds threatened. There
has been no determinative ruling on the issue as yet, either by the English
House of Lords or by our courts. Although _Bryanston Finance (No 2)_ was cited
with approval in _Tang Choon Keng Realty_ , that case did not in fact endorse
the particular proposition which BNPP had cited _Bryanston Finance (No 2)_
for. In fact, the following reasoning by Buckley LJ was cited (in _Tang Choon
Keng Realty_ at 1127):

If it be asked what legal right the plaintiff company relies on in the second
action from a violation of which the plaintiff company is seeking temporary
protection pending the trial of the action, the answer must be, it seems to
me, the right not to be involved in litigation which would constitute an abuse
of process of the court.

The court then went on to cite Stephenson LJ’s reasoning, without addressing
the conflict between the two judges’ approaches in respect of the
interlocutory nature (or otherwise) of the proceedings.

83 In my view, the nature of the present originating summons is interlocutory.
The full context must be considered. By the statutory demand, BNPP has
asserted its right to the alleged debt; BNPP argues that its right arises out
of the Master Agreement and, in the alternative, the Close-out Agreement;
JSPL, on the other hand, denies that BNPP has this right based on the
arguments in [41] _et seq_ and [60] _et seq_ above. This is not a case like
_Brinds_ (see [38] above) where there was extensive cross-examination before
the trial court and all the evidence needed to decide the question before the
judge was already adduced. This is a case involving the arcane world of forex
trading, and in which allegations and counter-allegations have flown thick and
fast. Thus, in the present originating summons, it is not for me to decide the
merits of the parties’ arguments; all I need to decide is whether JSPL has
raised triable issues in respect of the alleged debt. If I should decide that
there are triable issues, BNPP will have to bring an action against JSPL for
the alleged debt and the merits of the parties’ arguments will be decided at
trial. If I should decide that there are no triable issues, BNPP will still
have to file an application for winding up and the merits of the parties’
arguments will again be decided in the winding-up proceedings. Whichever way
it goes, my decision will not mean there is “nothing left to try”: see
Stephenson LJ’s reasoning in [79] above – the merits of the parties’ arguments
remain undetermined.

84 In the meantime, JSPL wants to ensure that no winding-up application is
brought since this would have severe consequences for the company. It is
difficult to imagine a clearer case of an application being sought to preserve
the _status quo_ in respect of the parties’ rights and interests. It is true
that the rights sought to be preserved are not in a pending cause or matter;
to borrow Buckley LJ’s reasoning, JSPL is merely seeking to protect its right
to be protected from litigation which is an abuse of process: see [76] above.
However, this is more a result of the timing at which JSPL chose to act, which
also determined the form of proceedings it had to use. As pointed out by JSPL,
if it had waited for an application for winding up to be presented and then
applied for a stay on the same ground of a disputed debt, that application
would have had to be brought in the form of a summons and would have been
interlocutory in form. I agree that the nature of the relief sought in the
present originating summons is the same as that in the case of a stay.

85 This leaves the question of whether the present originating summons may be
considered as an “interlocutory proceeding” for the purposes of O 41 r 5(2). I
note again that there is no definition of “interlocutory proceeding” in the
Rules of Court and thus there is nothing that expressly precludes an extension
of the term to cover the present proceedings. On the other hand, the policy
considerations as well as the general justice of the case weigh in favour of
its inclusion. The rationale for the admissibility of hearsay affidavit
evidence in interlocutory proceedings was articulated by Jessel MR in _Gilbert
v Endean_ (1878) 9 Ch D 259 (at 266):

No doubt in the case of interlocutory applications the Court as a matter of
necessity is compelled to act upon such evidence when not met by denial on the
other side. In applications of that kind the Court must act upon such
evidence, _because no evidence is obtainable at so short a notice, and
intolerable mischief would ensue if the Court were not to do so_. _The object
of these applications is either to keep matters as they are or to prevent the
happening of serious or irremediable mischief,_ and for those purposes the
court has been in the habit of acting upon this imperfect evidence.

[emphasis added]

86 Similarly, Peter Gibson J stated in _Savings and Investment Bank v Gasco_
[1984] 1 WLR 271 at 282:

The purpose of [the exception] is to enable a deponent to put before the court
in interlocutory proceedings, _frequently in circumstances of great urgency_ ,
facts which he is not able of his own knowledge to prove but which, the
deponent is informed and believes, can be proved by means which the deponent
identifies by specifying the sources and grounds of his information and
belief.

[emphasis added]

87 Each of these justifications is present on the facts of the present
originating summons. At the time of the application, the investigations by
JSPL, D&N and PwC were still ongoing. It was not possible to uncover all the
facts pertaining to the circumstances under which the unauthorised
transactions were entered into by Wee between the time when they were
discovered and the time the alleged debt became due under the statutory
demand. It was not disputed that a winding-up application might trigger “Event
of Default” or “Potential Event of Default” clauses in JSPL’s line of credit
facilities with various banks as well as its current contracts with its
customers. Nor was it denied that a winding-up application would cause grave
concern among its current customers and undermine its ability to secure new
contracts, with serious commercial implications on JSPL’s business and putting
the livelihood of some 2,000 JSPL employees at stake. Thus, the present
originating summons is a prime example of an application where the
circumstances are of great urgency and evidence is not obtainable at short
notice, and the object is either to keep matters as they are or to prevent the
happening of serious or irremediable harm.

88 The statutory demand clearly envisaged that an application for winding up
might be made if payment of the alleged debt was not made within 21 days from
the date of the statutory demand. In my view there is no justification for
making an alleged debtor wait for at least 21 days to and face an application
for winding up before it acts to protect its interests, nor is there justice
in punishing him for choosing to take a more pro-active approach. For all
these reasons, I admitted Wee’s unsigned statement into evidence in the
present proceedings. I have taken into account the doubts expressed by Wee’s
lawyers, M/s Lee & Lee , as to its reliability although, as JSPL’s had pointed
out, M/s Lee & Lee could be expected to do so in order to protect their
client’s position pending prosecution by the Commercial Affairs Department.

The alleged obligation under the Close-out Agreement

89 I shall deal first with the alleged independent obligation to pay under the
Close-out Agreement, since if BNPP succeeds in establishing this it will no
longer need to rely on the Master Agreement for its right to the alleged debt.
BNPP’s case hinges on what is meant by the parties’ agreement that the
outstanding forex transactions would be “Terminated Transactions for the
purposes of the Master Agreement”. BNPP’s submission based on the phrase “[o]n
and with effect from your acceptance of such oral instructions” merely begs
this question; as does its argument that, if there is no independent
obligation to pay under the Close-out Agreement, the words “[i]t shall be a
condition of [BNPP’s] acceptance of [JSPL’s] oral instructions to terminate…”
become superfluous. Essentially, this court has been invited to infer from the
parties’ agreement that the outstanding forex transactions would be
“Terminated Transactions for the purposes of the Master Agreement” that the
attendant consequences of termination (_viz_ , obligation to pay in accordance
with ss 6(c)(ii) and 6(d) of the Master Agreement) follow. The provisions of
the Close-out Agreement itself do not explicitly provide for this. They merely
provide that the transactions which were the subject of close-out should be
terminated transactions “as if” an Early Termination Date had occurred as a
result of a Termination Event. This wording in fact recognises that the close-
out is not a termination ordinarily covered under the Master Agreement.
Furthermore, the phrase “for the purposes of the Master Agreement” equally
supports JSPL’s proposition that the Close-out Agreement merely fixed the
quantum of loss suffered in respect of the transactions which were the subject
of the close-out, while JSPL’s liability in respect of this sum (_ie_ , the
alleged debt) remained to be pursued under the Master Agreement.

90 Further, s 6(d)(ii) of the Master Agreement, upon which BNPP relies to make
its case that JSPL is obliged to pay the Agreed Value within two business
days, is not unequivocal. I set out the entire provision below:

An amount calculated as being due in respect of any Early Termination Date
under Section 6(e) will be payable on the day that notice of the amount
payable is effective (in the case of an Early Termination Date which is
designated or occurs as a result of an Event of Default) and on the day which
is two Local Business Days after the day on which notice of the amount payable
is effective (in the case of an Early Termination Date which is designated as
a result of a Termination Event).

This provision contemplates two payment dates: (i) where an Early Termination
Date is designated or occurs _as a result of an Event of Default_ , payment
shall be made on the day that notice of the amount payable is effective; and
(ii) where an Early Termination Date _is designated as a result of a
Termination Event_ , payment shall be made two business days after the day on
which notice of the amount payable is effective. BNPP relies on (ii). Section
6(b)(iv) contemplates that situation where a Termination Event has occurred,
in which situation a party, after giving not more than 20 days notice to the
other party, has the right to designate a day as an Early Termination Date.
However the Close-out Agreement merely provides that “the Transactions shall
be Terminated Transactions for the purposes of the Master Agreement (as if an
Early Termination Date had occurred at the date of such telephone conversation
and as a result of a Termination Event)”. It does not provide for that Early
Termination Date to be deemed to be “designated as a result of” the
Termination Event.

91 As for the reservation provisions, I find that they did not determine
either way whether JSPL had an obligation or option to pay the alleged debt on
5 November 2007. It will be recalled that BNPP had identified three
independent categories of causes of action: “in the event of non-settlement on
the value date”, “otherwise at law” or “pursuant to the Master Agreement”: see
[59] above. This interpretation suffers from the somewhat odd arrangement in
the phrase “proceedings in court in the event of non-settlement on the value
date or otherwise at law or pursuant to the Master Agreement” (“the
reservation clause”). The category “otherwise at law” becomes nonsensical when
it follows the category “in the event of non-settlement on the value date” and
is linked by the word “or”. This is because the one is simply not in
opposition to the other, as is demanded by the word “otherwise”. BNPP’s
interpretation would be more supportable if the clause read instead:
“proceedings in court in the event of non-settlement on the value date or
pursuant to the Master Agreement _or otherwise at law_ [emphasis added]”.

92 In my view, the only sensible reading of the reservation clause is as
follows: “proceedings in court _in the event of non-settlement_ _on the value
date or otherwise,_ at law or pursuant to the Master Agreement [emphasis
added]”. JSPL would then argue that this shows that proceedings may be brought
regardless of whether settlement is made on value date or not; in other words,
the words “proceedings in court” are to be read together with “at law or
pursuant to the Master Agreement”, such that the Close-out Agreement envisaged
the possibility of proceedings in court at law or pursuant to the Master
Agreement, “in the event of non-settlement on the value date or otherwise”.
However, another possible reading is for “proceedings in court” to be read
with “in the event of non-settlement on the value date or otherwise” (and
indeed, this would be in accordance with the grammatical rule of proximity),
such that the possibility of proceedings being brought in the event of and as
a response to the non-settlement itself is not precluded. Ultimately, the only
thing that can be stated with certainty is that the reservation provisions
were the result of hasty and haphazard draftmanship. I find that they cannot
and do not determine the issue of whether JSPL has an obligation or option to
pay the alleged debt on 5 November 2007. Any independent obligation to pay
under the Close-out Agreement therefore depends on the interpretation of para
3(b), which I have already canvassed above at [89].

93 Ultimately, the tussle over the existence or otherwise of an independent
obligation to pay under the Close-Out Agreement boils down to whether such an
important obligation (_viz_ , to pay a sum of some US$50 million within two
business days) has been imported into the Close-out Agreement on the basis of
a few words in para 3(b) of the Close-out Agreement. It is difficult to
imagine any circumstances under which such a major undertaking would not have
been the subject of an express provision in the Close-out Agreement. Its
absence in the circumstances cannot be explained by any other reason than the
fact that the parties had not contemplated it. The focus of the negotiations
between the parties had been to stop further losses and this is the primary
theme of the Close-Out Agreement. On the other hand, BNPP has to rely on an
obtuse argument to support its claim that JSPL had undertaken such a large
obligation. For these reasons, I find that no independent obligation to pay
arises under the Close-out Agreement. It is thus unnecessary for me to deal
with JSPL’s submission in respect of its alleged cross-claim: see [61] above.

The alleged obligation under the Master Agreement

94 Turning to the parties’ submissions in respect of the Master Agreement, I
find that JSPL has raised no triable issues in respect of the binding effect
of the 1 November 2004 resolution and the Master Agreement. The 1 November
2004 resolution was signed by no less than five of JSPL’s directors, each of
whom averred that he had read the terms of the resolution before signing it.
There was no evidence of any undue influence, duress or misrepresentation such
as might vitiate these directors’ consent to the terms of the resolution. Nor
did the argument that they thought the words “or on a speculative basis” did
not apply to JSPL hold much water as the directors’ subjective intent at the
time they signed the 1 November 2004 resolution is irrelevant if on an
objective view they intended to be bound by its terms: see among numerous
authorities _Consmat Singapore (Pte) Ltd v Bank of America National Trust &
Savings Association_ [1992] 2 SLR 828 at 838; _Reardon Smith Line Ltd v Hansen
Tangen_ [1976] 1 WLR 989 at 996.

95 However, even on the basis that the 1 November 2004 resolution and the
Master Agreement are binding on their terms, I find that JSPL has raised
triable issues in respect of whether BNPP knew or ought to have known that Wee
lacked authority to carry out the Key Transactions, and the effect of such
actual or constructive notice (if proved) on JSPL’s obligation to pay the
alleged debt.

96 The authorities relied on by BNPP to support their submissions based on
contractual estoppel did not contemplate the two scenarios posited by JSPL:
_viz_ , BNPP’s officers colluding with Wee to carry out transactions beyond
the scope of his authority or BNPP having actual or constructive notice that
Wee was carrying out such transactions. The doctrine of contractual estoppel
may be traced back to _Colchester Borough Council v Smith and others_ [1992]
Ch 421 (“ _Colchester_ ”). In that case, a tenant (“T”) had occupied certain
land adversely to the freehold owner, a borough council, for a period
exceeding 12 years. The council initiated correspondence with the T’s
solicitors, seeking to regularise T’s occupation by granting him a licence for
a fee, but his solicitors initially maintained that he had acquired the
freehold title to the land by adverse possession. After threats by the council
to institute proceedings for possession, an agreement (“the agreement”) was
concluded for a lease of the land by the council to T. In cl 4 of the
agreement, T stated that he acknowledged the council's title to the land and
that he had not gained any right, title or interest to or in it by adverse
possession. In subsequent possession proceedings the council claimed, _inter
alia_ , declarations that it was the freehold owner of the land and that T had
no estate or interest in the land except as a tenant pursuant to the
agreement. The judge held, _inter alia_ , that T was estopped from asserting
any title to the land except that under the agreement. T’s appeal was
dismissed.

97 Dillon LJ referred with approval to _Binder v Alachouzos_ [1972] 2 QB 151
(“ _Binder_ ”), which concerned a moneylending dispute. The defendant had
borrowed money from the plaintiff and in several actions by the lenders, he
pleaded that the sums claimed were in respect of moneylending transactions by
unregistered moneylenders and so were irrecoverable by virtue of the
Moneylenders Act. Just before the original actions were due for trial, an
agreement of compromise was made between the parties. That agreement was made
between parties who had been advised by lawyers, and the defendant admitted
that the Moneylenders Act did not apply to the transactions which were the
subject of the actions. By the compromise agreement the defendant agreed to
pay the plaintiff a specified sum with interest by agreed instalments and it
was expressly provided that, in any action on the compromise agreement by the
plaintiff, it should not be open to the defendant to raise any defence other
than as to the quantum of moneys paid. The defendant failed to keep the terms
of the compromise agreement and the plaintiff issued his second writ claiming
payment thereunder. The defendant again pleaded the Moneylenders Act and
contended that because the plaintiff was an unlicensed moneylender the
compromise agreement was unenforceable and illegal. Summary judgment for the
moneys due under the compromise agreement was granted to the plaintiff by the
master and an appeal was dismissed by the judge. The defendant’s appeal was
dismissed.

98 Dillon LJ quoted Lord Denning MR’s reasoning (in _Binder_ at 158) (at 429):

In my judgment, a bona fide agreement of compromise such as we have in the
present case (where the dispute is as to whether the plaintiff is a
moneylender or not) is binding. It cannot be reopened unless there is evidence
that the lender has taken undue advantage of the situation of the borrower. In
this case no undue advantage was taken. Both sides were advised by competent
lawyers on each side. There was a fair arguable case for each. The agreement
they reached was fair and reasonable. It should not be reopened.

99 Dillon LJ then stated: “I see no reason why that reasoning should not also
apply where the dispute was as to whether or not the defendant had acquired a
title to land by adverse possession.” He concluded (at 435):

In my judgment this was a bona fide compromise of a dispute and Mr. Tillson
[the tenant], who had the advice of his solicitors and signed the agreement
through them, is estopped by the terms of the agreement he made from going
behind it and litigating the antecedent dispute. That is as the judge held,
and whether it be labelled estoppel by agreement or estoppel by convention is
a matter of indifference.

100 Both _Colchester_ and _Binder_ pertained to a situation in which one party
was dealing directly with another and had in the contract between them agreed
to certain terms. In the absence of the normal vitiating factors such as
duress, undue influence and misrepresentation, those terms were binding and
contractually estopped the parties from advancing arguments in contradiction
thereof. _Colchester_ and _Binder_ provide no guidance on whether a party to
the contract could rely on those terms to raise an estoppel if an agent had
been given authority to act for the other party pursuant to the contract, and
the first party had itself colluded with the agent in acting beyond the scope
of his authority or had actual or constructive notice that the agent was doing
so.

101 BNPP sought to rely on _Peekay Intermark Ltd v Australia and New Zealand
Banking Group Ltd_ [2006] EWCA Civ 386 (“ _Peekay_ ”). In that case, RB, an
officer of the defendant bank (“the bank”), asked the claimant’s _alter ego_ ,
P, whether he would like to invest in a Russian structured deposit without
telling him that it was linked to some Russian Government bonds called GKO or
that in the event of sovereign default investors would have no control over
how the investment would be liquidated. P replied that he was interested. RB
then e-mailed an attachment to P containing the final terms and conditions
(“FTCs”) relating to a hedged Russian Treasury bill. The FTCs described the
investment as a deposit and set out various terms relating to it, including
the maturity date and the projected rate of return. The FTCs were accompanied
by a document described as an “Emerging Markets Risk Disclosure Statement”.
Later, RB faxed copies of all the documents to P for signature on behalf of
the plaintiff. P looked over the documents but did not read them, assuming
that they reflected what RB had told him about the investment. He signed the
documents, returned them to the bank with instructions to buy US$250,000
“Russian GKO Note as per attached document”.

102 Subsequently, the Russian government announced a moratorium on its debt
obligations under the GKO Notes, as a result of which the claimant only
recovered US$5,918.06 from the deposit. The claimant claimed damages from the
bank under s 2 of the Misrepresentation Act 1967 alleging that RB had
misrepresented the nature of the investment by giving P the impression that it
would have a proprietary interest of some kind in the GKO, and that P had been
induced to invest in it on its behalf. The High Court found for the claimant.
However, the Court of Appeal reversed the decision on the ground that although
RB had given P that impression, the terms of the FTCs were sufficient to make
it clear to P, if he had read them, that the nature of the investment was
fundamentally different from that which he had been given to understand. The
Court of Appeal also held that P signed the documents by his own assumption
that the investment product to which they related corresponded to the
description he had previously been given, and not as a result of any
inducement by RB.

103 More relevantly for our purposes, the Court of Appeal addressed an
application made by the bank’s counsel in the course of the hearing of the
appeal to amend the notice of appeal to raise an alternative argument that the
claimant was estopped from alleging that it had been induced to enter into the
contract by misrepresentation on the part of RB. The argument was based on the
following two passages in the Risk Disclosure Statement:

You should also ensure that you fully understand the nature of the transaction
and contractual relationship into which you are entering.

and

The issuer assumes that the customer is aware of the risks and practices
described herein, and that prior to each transaction the customer has
determined that such transaction is suitable for him.

which P on behalf of the claimant confirmed by his signature that he had read
and understood. Counsel for the bank submitted that as a result of having done
so, P and the claimant were estopped from asserting that they had not
understood the nature and effect of the FTCs and so could not maintain that
they had been induced by misrepresentation to enter into the contract. Lord
Justice Moore-Bick stated (at [56], [58] and [60]):

There is no reason in principle why parties to a contract should not agree
that a certain state of affairs should form the basis for the transaction,
whether it be the case or not. For example, it may be desirable to settle a
disagreement as to an existing state of affairs in order to establish a clear
basis for the contract itself and its subsequent performance. _Where parties
express an agreement of that kind in a contractual document neither can
subsequently deny the existence of the facts and matters upon which they have
agreed, at least so far as concerns those aspects of their relationship to
which the agreement was directed. The contract itself gives rise to an
estoppel_ : see _Colchester Borough Council v Smith_ [1991] Ch 448, affirmed
on appeal [1992] Ch 421.

…

Insofar as the argument in this case turns on the true construction and effect
of the contractual documents (including the Risk Disclosure Statement) and is
one to which no further findings of fact might have been relevant, [the bank]
should, in my view, be allowed to advance it. I would therefore grant the bank
permission to amend its notice of appeal to raise the issue of contractual
estoppel, but I would not allow it at this stage to contend that there was an
estoppel by representation since the judge was not asked to consider that
question and did not make findings in relation to it. _The question then is
whether, in the light of [P’s] signature of the declaration at the foot of the
Risk Disclosure Statement, the claimant is precluded as a matter of contract
from contending that it did not understand the true nature of the investment._

…

The purpose of the Risk Disclosure Statement was both to draw to the attention
of the investor the need for caution when investing in emerging markets and to
make it clear that [the bank] was only willing to enter into a contract with
him on the assumption that he had satisfied himself that the transaction was
suitable for him. By confirming that he had read and understood the statement
and returning it with his instructions to make the investment P offered to
enter into a contract with [the bank] on behalf of [the claimant] on those
terms and that offer was accepted by [the bank] when it implemented his
instructions. As a result it was part of the contract between them that [the
claimant] was aware of the nature of the investment it was seeking to purchase
and had satisfied that it was suitable for its needs. _In those circumstances,
and since it is not suggested that [the bank] misrepresented to [P] the effect
of the documents, I do not think that it is open to [the claimant] to say that
it did not understand the nature of the transaction described in the FTCs_ ;
and if that is so, it cannot assert that it was induced to enter into the
contract by a misunderstanding of the nature of the investment derived from
what [RB] had said about the product some days earlier.

[emphases added]

104 I do not doubt the logic of Lord Justice Moore-Bick’s reasoning, but have
my doubts about whether he contemplated the extreme scenarios propounded by
JSPL in the present originating summons: see [42] above. In _Peekay_ , there
was no question about P’s authority to enter into the contract with the bank
on the claimant’s behalf. Certainly, there was no suggestion that the bank had
colluded with P in any acts beyond the scope of his authority, or had actual
or constructive notice of such acts. Thus, in the absence of the normal
vitiating factors such as duress, undue influence and misrepresentation, P’s
signature on the Risk Disclosure Statement estopped the plaintiff from
advancing arguments in contradiction of the representations therein. The
question remains open whether the bank would have been able to rely on those
representations to raise an estoppel if, for instance, the bank had been
colluding with P in acting beyond the scope of his authority when entering
into the contract, or had actual or constructive notice that P was doing so.

105 Another case relied on by BNPP was _Orient Centre Investments Ltd v
Societe Generale_ [2007] 3 SLR 566 (“ _Orient Centre_ ”), in which one Teo
Song Kwang (“Teo”) and his nominee and _alter ego_ Orient Centre Investments
Ltd (“Orient”) (“the appellants”) undertook a multitude of investments through
an investment account (“the Investment Account”) they had opened with Societe
Generale (“SG”). Later, the appellants commenced an action against SG and one
Kenneth Goh (“Goh”), their investment advisor and an employee of SG at the
material time for losses suffered by Orient in the Investment Account. They
alleged that they had been induced to undertake the investments by certain
representations made by Goh, namely that: (a) SG was rated one of the top five
banks in the world and (b) SG had a special strategy that would ensure
preservation of Teo’s capital and a guaranteed return of 10% per annum on
Teo’s deposits. SG applied to the court to strike out the appellants’ claims
and the assistant registrar granted the application in part. SG appealed; the
judge allowed its appeal partially and struck out the appellants’ claim for
losses arising from its investments in the structured products and more
specifically the first four (the Bangkok Bank Equity Linked Deposit, the Tiger
Note 2, the Tokyo Deposit and the Tokyo Plus Deposit) as the fifth (the USD/4
Funds Deposit) was purchased after Goh left SG’s employment. The appellants
then appealed, which appeal was dismissed.

106 The Court of Appeal referred to several representations and warranties
contained in the general agreements executed by Orient when opening the
Investment Account as well as the specific agreements governing the
acquisition of the individual products. For example, cl 12 of the Standard
Terms and Conditions Governing Foreign Exchange Margin Trading/Option
Investment (“the FX facilities”) provided that:

The Customer represents and warrants that:

…

(f) it is exercising its own business judgment independently of the Bank in
entering into the FX facilities and each Contract. …

(h) the Bank is not acting as a fiduciary for or as an advisor to it in
respect of the Contracts.

107 The Bangkok Bank Equity Linked Deposit was purchased subject to the terms
of an Equity Linked Deposit Master Agreement, in which Art 4 provided that:

The Depositor hereby represents and warrants to SG that:

…

4.11 it has not relied upon any representations (whether written or oral) of
SG, other than the representations expressly set forth in the relevant
facility letters and security documents and in any guarantee or other credits
support document and is not in any fiduciary relationship with SG;

…

4.13 it is aware that this is not a capital guaranteed product. In a worse
case scenario, it could sustain an entire loss of its investment and should
therefore reach an investment decision on this product only after careful
consideration with its own advisers as to the suitability of this product in
light of its particular financial circumstances.

108 In the case of Tiger Note 2, it was subject to the Tiger Note 2 Indexed
Deposit Agreement (“IDA”), Art 4.2 of which provided that the depositor
represents and warrants for the benefit of SG that, _inter alia_ :

it has concluded the present transaction after having carried out its analysis
of the transaction, particularly in the light of its financial capacity and
its objectives; …

[emphasis in bold in original]

Articles 4.2 of the Tokyo Deposit and the Tokyo Plus Deposit were in the same
terms as Art 4.2 of the Tiger Note 2 IDA.

109 The Court of Appeal concluded (at [50] to [51]):

In our view, the combined effect of the express general and specific terms and
conditions applicable to the structured products provides an insuperable
obstacle to any claim by the appellants against SG based on the alleged breach
of representations or duties, fiduciary or contractual or on negligence on the
part of Goh. In the face of Orient’s own representations and warranties with
respect to each of the structured products, it is not possible for the
appellants to argue that Orient had relied on any alleged representation on
the part of Goh that he would ensure that the appellants’ capital would be
preserved and that it would earn a return of 10% per annum on each deposit…

In our view, even if Goh had made the representation concerning capital
preservation and income return, it would not have assisted the appellants in
relation to the structured products, as they have represented and warranted
that they did not rely on any representation given by any of SG’s officers.
Moreover, Teo could not have misunderstood the clear and specific terms
governing the structured products. An analogous case is that of the English
Court of Appeal in _Peekay Intermark Ltd v Australia and New Zealand Banking
Group Ltd_ [2006] 2 Lloyd’s Rep 511 (“ _Peekay_ ”), which was recently
affirmed in _Bottin International Investments Limited v Venson Group plc_
[2006] EWHC 3112 (Ch).

110 The factual resemblance between _Orient Centre_ and the present
originating summons in respect of the nature of the transactions and the
representations made should not blind us to the fact that _Orient Centre_ was
simply not on all fours with the facts in the present originating summons. My
remarks in respect of _Peekay_ apply in full to _Orient Centre_.

111 Instead, we may find more guidance in the well-established principles of
agency. Ordinarily, JSPL would be bound by any acts of Wee, its agent, within
the scope of his actual or ostensible authority. The scope of Wee’s authority
in turn depends on the scope of the 1 November 2004 resolution. I find that a
triable issue already arises in respect of whether the Key Transactions could
be viewed as transactions “on speculative basis” under the 1 November 2004
resolution. This question, which involves an exegesis of the complex lexicon
and practices of the forex trade, is eminently a question of fact which is
best resolved at trial with the evidence and cross-examination of expert
witnesses.

112 Furthermore, where an agent acts in excess of his actual authority and the
third party has notice that the agent is exceeding his authority, the
principal is not bound by the acts of the agent: see Article 73 of _Bowstead &
Reynolds on Agency_ (18th Ed, 2006) at 361. If the third party knows that the
agent does not have actual authority to carry out the act, any apparent
authority is negatived as well: _Criterion Properties plc v Stratford UK
Properties LLC_ [2004] UKHL 28. I find that JSPL has raised triable issues of
fact in respect of whether BNPP knew or had notice of Wee’s lack of authority,
_viz_ , by its arguments based on Wee’s unsigned statement, the suspense
account and the evidence that BNPP was working with Wee to tailor the
information to be provided to the external auditors. Several of BNPP’s
responses did not prevent such triable issues from arising. For example, it
was not enough to assert that the suspense account was an internal general
ledger account and therefore not disclosed to the external auditors, in the
absence of any evidence regarding the authorisation, setting up and operation
of this account, and in the face of evidence that the risks associated with
suspense accounts have resulted in regulatory guidelines on their
authorisation, setting up and operation. It was also not explained why Wee
would instruct BNPP to disclose only the notional values of the outstanding
forex positions and not their MTM values which would have been a more accurate
reflection of the profits or losses at the particular time. Furthermore, the
circumstances under which the E&Y auditors accepted only a simulated
spreadsheet of MTM profits and losses in the 2006 audit confirmation remained
obscure. Barely any response has been given in respect of JSPL’s allegations
as to the exotic and even “toxic” nature of the transactions. Finally, the
allegations made in Wee’s unsigned statement clearly raise a plethora of
triable issues.

Conclusion

113 For the reasons above, I will allow the application in the present
originating summons. I will hear counsel on the question of costs.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 06 Jun 2008 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

