Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Teo Cher Teck v Goh Suan Hee  
[2008] SGHC 194

Case Number | : | DC Suit 1070/2008, RAS 105/2008  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 04 November 2008  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Choo Han Teck J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Tiwary Anuradha (Vision Law LLC) for the plaintiff; Lynette Chew and Sue-Anne Lim (Harry Elias Partnership) for the defendant   
Parties | : |  Teo Cher Teck — Goh Suan Hee   
  
Conflict of Laws – Choice of jurisdiction – Stay of proceedings – Accident in
Malaysia – Defendant's car hit the rear of plaintiff's car – Plaintiff
resident in Singapore – Whether Singapore or Malaysia the more appropriate
forum  
  

4 November 2008 |  Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Choo Han Teck J:

1 This was an action commenced in the District Courts for a claim for damages
for personal injury caused by the defendant’s negligence that resulted in the
collision between the defendant’s and the plaintiff’s motor-vehicles on a road
in Johor Bahru, Malaysia on 21 January 2007. Miss Anuradha represented the
plaintiff and Miss Chew represented the defendant. The defendant in the
present action was in fact the insurer, Pacific & Orient Insurance Co who had
taken over the conduct of legal proceedings as is usually the case in such
matters.

2 Miss Chew applied to the District Court to stay this action on the ground of
_forum non conveniens_. The court below accepted her submission that since the
accident took place in Malaysia and the defendant driver was a Malaysian
resident, Malaysia, not Singapore, was the proper forum. Miss Chew reiterated
the same arguments before me, and emphasized the point that the place where
the tort occurred is, prima facie, the proper forum. Counsel relied on
_Rickshaw Investments Ltd and Anor v Nicolai Baron Von Uexkull_ [2007] 1 SLR
377. There was no dispute on the law in this regard as Miss Anuradha also
relied on the same authority. The principle enunciated generally was that the
court ought to first determine whether there was some other forum that was
more appropriate to try the case, and if so, whether there was any reason
which required the court not to order a stay of proceedings.

3 Miss Anuradha submitted that the defendant driver’s car collided with the
rear of the plaintiff’s car and liability is unlikely to be of a major concern
at trial. The plaintiff, a Singapore resident suffered personal injuries and
was attended to by doctors in Singapore. She argued that the main aspect of
this action would be the nature and extent of the plaintiff’s injuries and the
loss of earnings as well as the cost of repairs to his vehicle. The
plaintiff’s vehicle was repaired in Singapore. She said that the plaintiff has
five witnesses, including two doctors, the repair mechanic, the surveyor and
the plaintiff himself. The defendant driver appears to have no witnesses other
than himself.

4 The court below stated that –

I find that after weighing all the relevant factors there is a distinctly more
appropriate forum that of Malaysia. The factors relevant and which favour the
Defendants at stage I of the inquiry are – a. The Defendant is a Malaysian b.
The tort took place in Malaysia. c. The application law would likely be
Malaysian law (moreover rules governing traffic accidents would be clearly be
those of Malaysia). The natural expectation of a person would be that the law
of the place of the wrong would govern his rights and duties – see Ang Chuang
Ming. As to stage II – I can find no reason to refuse stay. The argument put
forward on behalf of the Plaintiff with respect to the expense and
inconvenience placed on the Plaintiff if he had to litigate in Malaysia is not
sufficient to deny the stay which ought to be granted based on the fact that
Malaysia is a more appropriate forum. While the Plaintiff may have decided for
good reason, to receive medical treatment in Singapore, being his home
country, it does not follow that he must necessarily litigate here as well or
that he would be placed in any disadvantage having to litigate in Malaysia. No
such assertion was made, apart from the convenience and expense issues.

5 It is accepted that as a general rule, the _lex loci delicti_ determines the
rights and liabilities of the parties but this was not an inflexible rule.
Sometimes the default _lex fori_ could be overshadowed by other factors, as
was the case in _Boys v Chaplin_ [1971] AC 356 where the respondent was
injured in a road accident in Malta. There, the House of Lords held that
English law applied not only to quantum but also to the heads of damage.

6 There is a fine distinction between finding a forum to be “not inconvenient”
to the plaintiff and one that was “not inconvenient” to the defendant. Where
the inconvenience is roughly the same, I would prefer not to cause
inconvenience to an injured plaintiff than the defendant tortfeasor, unless it
appears that the plaintiff’s claim was unlikely to succeed. I am confining my
views on this point to road accident cases only and where the main issues and
the principal dispute case would most likely concern only the quantum of
damages, as in the present case.

7 In _Ismail bin Sukardi v Kamal bin Ikhwan_ [2008] SGHC 191 (“ _Ismail_ ”),
the High Court expressed the view at [23] that “[t]he law relating to
negligence on the roads in both jurisdictions is essentially the same”.
Although the facts in _Ismail_ could be distinguished on the basis that the
victim therein was a passenger and no contributory negligence could attach to
her, the above observations expressed in _Ismail_ would still apply. In any
event, I was of the view that the mere possibility of contributory negligence
being raised was not a decisive factor, especially in a case where liability
on the part of the defendant could not be totally avoided. After all, this was
a case where the plaintiff’s vehicle was hit from the rear by the defendant.

8 The plaintiff should be compensated for what he had lost, and what he would
lose in Singapore, and in this regard, there is also a subtle but appreciable
difference between getting an award in Malaysian currency after having taken
the cost of living in Singapore into account, and an award that is made
directly in Singapore. Finally, the availability and convenience of witnesses
is a significant factor although video transmission is one way to overcome the
particular inconvenience of itinerant witnesses, the personal appearance of
witnesses is still the preferred form of witness testimony.

9 Finally, counsel informed me that apart from _Ismail_ , in which the High
Court here refused a stay application in similar circumstances (but note the
slight factual difference as mentioned at [7] above), there had been no other
similar reported cases for a stay of proceedings on the ground of _forum non
conveniens_ in respect of traffic accidents. If that were so, then it would
seem strange that the Singapore courts should now be considered _forum non
conveniens_.

10 Comparing the factors that the court below had taken into account and the
additional aspects that I mentioned above, it seems that there was not all
that much to choose from. In my view, the balance indicated that Singapore and
not Malaysia was the more appropriate forum on the facts of this case. I think
that the best that can be said is that the factors were evenly balanced. In
that event, I am bound to say that the defendant had failed to discharge the
burden of showing that the Malaysian court was the more appropriate forum to
try this case. Furthermore, even if the Malaysian court were to be the more
appropriate forum _vis-à-vis_ liability, the defendant (by subrogation) was
unlikely to be troubled beyond instructing solicitors here. It is possible,
but unlikely, on the facts, that the question of contributory negligence could
be a contentious issue. However, there has been no indication that any
Malaysian witness (which is essentially the defendant only) would be unduly
troubled. On the other hand, any contrary expert opinions are likely to be
from Singapore. If the plaintiff was required to be examined by the
defendant’s doctors, it should be by a doctor in Singapore. As Tay J said in
_Ismail_ at [26], it would be more inconvenient for expert witnesses “to leave
their normal routine to travel outside Singapore and to incur hotel and other
expenses”. This is another reason why I am not inclined to order a stay of
proceedings in this case.

11 For these reasons I would allow the appeal. I will hear the question of
costs at a later date if parties are unable to agree costs.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 04 Nov 2008 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

