Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Salwant Singh s/o Amer Singh v Public Prosecutor  
[2008] SGHC 164

Case Number | : | Cr M 17/2008  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 24 September 2008  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Tay Yong Kwang J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Applicant in person; Christopher Ong Siu Jin (Deputy Public Prosecutor) for the respondent   
Parties | : |  Salwant Singh s/o Amer Singh — Public Prosecutor   
  
Criminal Procedure and Sentencing  
  

24 September 2008 |   
---|---  
  
Tay Yong Kwang J:

1 The applicant is presently serving a sentence of 20 years preventive
detention. By this application, he seeks the following relief, pursuant to s
327(b) and (c) of the Criminal Procedure Code (Cap 68, 1985 Rev Ed)(“CPC”) and
Article 9(2) of the Constitution:

(a) the issuance of an order to the Superintendent of Prisons, directing the
production of the applicant before the High Court;

(b) the review of the applicant’s continued and unlawful detention;

(c) the applicant’s immediate and unconditional release.

2 The said s 327(b) and (c) fall within Chapter XXXIII of the CPC entitled
“Order for Review of Detention”. Before 1 January 2006, the title of this
chapter was “Habeas corpus and directions in the nature of habeas corpus”.
This change in terminology was made in conjunction with amendments made to the
Rules of Court (Cap 322, R5) to simplify civil procedure and to abandon the
use of Latin and archaic terms. Section 327 of the CPC provides as follows:

(1) Any person –

(a) who is detained in any prison within the limits of Singapore on a warrant
of extradition under any law for the time being in force in Singapore relating
to extradition of fugitive offenders;

(b) who is alleged to be illegally or improperly detained in public or private
custody within those limits; or

(c) who claims to be brought before the court to be dealt with according to
law,

may apply to the High Court for an Order for Review of Detention.

3 Article 9(2) of the Constitution provides:

Where a complaint is made to the High Court or any Judge thereof that a person
is being unlawfully detained, the Court shall inquire into the complaint and,
unless satisfied that the detention is lawful, shall order him to be produced
before the Court and release him.

4 On 20 May 2003, the applicant pleaded guilty in a district court to five
charges of cheating under s 420 of the Penal Code (Cap 224, 1985 Rev Ed) and
consented to have 760 similar charges taken into consideration for the purpose
of sentence. He was legally represented at that time. On 11 June 2003, he was
sentenced to undergo 12 years’ preventive detention. Both the applicant and
the Public Prosecutor appealed against this sentence.

5 On 14 August 2003, Yong Pung How CJ heard the appeals. He rejected the
applicant’s attempt to retract his plea of guilt and dismissed his appeal. The
applicant had alleged that the prosecution had “cowed and deceived him” into
pleading guilty. Yong CJ allowed the prosecution’s appeal and enhanced the
period of preventive detention to the maximum of 20 years provided by law. The
applicant is now serving this period of preventive detention.

6 On 11 May 2004, the applicant took out Criminal Motion No. 9 of 2004 for a
review of the seizure of certain property by the Commercial Affairs Department
and the return of seized documents. He wanted the property and the documents
returned in order to appeal to the Court of Appeal to prove that he was
innocent of the charges on which he had been convicted. On 28 May 2004, Lai
Siu Chiu J dismissed this application on the ground that it had no legal basis
as that the applicant had exhausted all avenues of appeal in respect of his
conviction and sentence.

7 Undaunted by this, the applicant proceeded to file Criminal Motion No. 16 of
2004 for essentially the same relief as that sought in Criminal Motion No. 9
of 2004. On 26 August 2004, Choo Han Teck J dismissed this further
application.

8 The applicant then filed Criminal Motion No. 20 of 2004 to apply for an
order to set aside the decision of the Registrar of the Subordinate Courts who
had refused his request for a copy of the notes of the pre-trial conferences
held in relation to the cheating charges which were then pending against him.
On 10 September 2004, Lai Kew Chai J dismissed this application. The applicant
appealed to the Court of Appeal in Criminal Appeal No. 15 of 2004.

9 On 21 Sept 2004, the Court of Appeal dismissed the applicant’s application
in Criminal Motion No. 18 of 2004, taken out pursuant to s 50 of the Supreme
Court of Judicature Act (Cap 322, 1999 Rev Ed), for an extension of time to
appeal against Lai Siu Chiu J’s decision at [6] above (see the Court of
Appeal’s decision in Salwant Singh v PP [2005] 1 SLR 36). The Court of Appeal
noted at [22] of that decision that there was no further avenue of appeal
available to the applicant in relation to his conviction and sentence.

10 On 22 November 2004, the Court of Appeal heard and dismissed Criminal
Appeal No. 15 of 2004, which was the appeal against Lai Kew Chai J’s decision
at [8] above (see the Court of Appeal’s decision in Salwant Singh s/o Amer
Singh v PP (No. 2) [2005] 1 SLR 632). The Court of Appeal reiterated (at [18]
of that decision) that:

Thus, as far as his conviction and sentence for the cheating charges were
concerned, the appellant had exhausted all legal recourse. His applications
(including that mentioned in [17] above) were nothing more than attempts to
reopen the charges on which he had been convicted and sentenced. We did not
think that the court should grant the request in the exercise of its inherent
jurisdiction. What he was seeking to do was vexatious, amounting to an abuse
of legal process. The process of the court must be used _bona fide_ and
properly. The court will prevent the improper use of its machinery: see
_Gabriel Peter & Partners v Wee Chong Jin_ [1998] 1 SLR 374 at [22].

The application mentioned in [17] of the judgment of the Court of Appeal was
the application heard and dismissed by Lai Siu Chiu J at [6] above.

11 In his lengthy written submissions in the present application, the
applicant is essentially seeking to “prove his conviction [was] unlawful and
sentence illegal” and to “expose the malicious prosecutions conducted” in the
Subordinate Courts and in the High Court by two named “wily” deputy public
prosecutors. The said deputy public prosecutors were alleged to have had “vile
intents” and to have misled the courts “to impose draconian punishments” on
the applicant. The prosecution was also said to have “conducted fraud on the
court”. The applicant also wishes to adduce “fresh and newly discovered
evidence, which shall irrefutably and conclusively disprove the fraud and
faulty evidence fabricated by the Prosecution and upon which solely his
conviction was held by the District Judge, and further sustained by the former
Chief Justice, who enhanced his sentence”. He also wishes to place before the
court “facts material to legal processes of his unlawful conviction whereby
the District Judge purposefully disregarded grossly contradicting facts
tendered by the applicant’s defence counsel, which additionally invalidated
his already ambiguous plea of guilty”.

12 In the Malaysian case of Re Gurbachan Singh’s Application [1967] 1 MLJ 74,
the High Court there was also dealing with a case where the applicant, whose
appeal against conviction and sentence had already been dismissed by a High
Court, was applying for a writ of habeas corpus on the ground that his
conviction was wrong in law because of the trial judge’s refusal to admit
certain evidence. Yong J in that case, in considering the equivalent of our s
327 CPC, said (at 74):

In my view the proper or improper admission or non-admission of evidence by
the trial court in convicting an accused person is not a good ground for
granting _habeas corpus. Habeas corpus_ is not a means of appeal against
conviction and sentence. If convicted persons are not satisfied with the trial
court’s judgment, their remedies lie in their appeal to the High Court, the
Federal Court or even to the Privy Council if they can. _Habeas corpus_ should
not be used as a means of appeal. …

After considering several authorities, the judge concluded (at 75):

These cases have established unequivocally the principle that a writ of
_habeas corpus_ cannot be granted to persons who are serving sentences passed
by courts of competent jurisdiction. In this case there is no doubt
whatsoever, that unless the applicant’s conviction is set aside by the proper
appellate court, he is lawfully in custody, serving a lawful sentence.

Accordingly, the judge refused the application.

13 I agree with the principles expressed in Re Gurbachan Singh’s Application.
It is quite obvious that the applicant in the present case is again seeking to
reopen his conviction and sentence. It is equally obvious that his conviction
and sentence were ordered by a court of competent jurisdiction and the appeal
therefrom has been heard by the appellate court specified by law. There could
be no argument also that the enhanced sentence was unlawful in any way. It has
certainly not expired yet. The applicant is therefore clearly in lawful
custody.

14 As noted by the Court of Appeal at [10] above, the applicant’s case has
gone through the entire legal process and there is really nothing more he can
do to challenge his conviction and sentence. The present application is merely
a continuation of the vexatious applications that the applicant has been
making to the High Court and it has absolutely no merits in law. He is clearly
abusing the process of the court. I therefore dismissed the application.

15 Section 335 of the CPC provides:

No appeal shall lie from an order directing or refusing to direct the issue of
an Order for Review of Detention or from an order made under section 328 but
the Court or Judge may at any time adjourn the hearing for the decision of a
Court consisting of 3 or more Judges.

Despite having been informed that no appeal lies from this decision refusing
him an Order for Review of Detention, the applicant has appealed to the Court
of Appeal in Criminal Appeal No. 8 of 2008 anyway.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 24 Sep 2008 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

