Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Re Section 22 of the Mutual Assistance in Criminal Matters Act  
[2008] SGCA 41

Case Number | : | CA 77/2008  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 23 October 2008  
Tribunal/Court | : | Court of Appeal  
Coram | : |  Chan Sek Keong CJ; Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA; V K Rajah JA   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  David Chong, Francis Ng and Janice Wong (Attorney-General's Chambers) for the appellant   
Parties | : | —  
  
Criminal Procedure and Sentencing – Mutual legal assistance – Whether
application for bank to produce material relating to account of client should
be granted – Whether request had to be exhibited with application – Whether
proper request by prescribed foreign country essential part of application –
Section 22 Mutual Assistance in Criminal Matters Act (Cap 190A, 2001 Rev Ed)  
  

23 October 2008 |   
---|---  
  
Chan Sek Keong CJ (delivering the grounds of decision of the court):

**Introduction**

1 This is an appeal by the Attorney-General against the decision of the High
Court judge (“the Judge”) dismissing his _ex parte_ application (“the AG’s
application”) under s 22 of the Mutual Assistance in Criminal Matters Act (Cap
190A, 2001 Rev Ed) (“MACMA”). The AG’s application, made pursuant to s 22 of
MACMA, was for an order that the bank named in the application (“the Bank”)
produce to an authorised officer the complete bank records of the account of
one of the Bank’s customers, including but not limited to the items specified
in the application, and for the authorised officer to take them away for a
specified period.

**MACMA and production orders for criminal matters**

2 The preamble to MACMA states that it is an Act “to facilitate the provision
and obtaining of international assistance in criminal matters”. It applies to
both requests by Singapore to foreign countries for assistance and by foreign
countries to Singapore for assistance. The types of assistance which may be
given under MACMA are set out in s 3 and include:

(_a_) the provision and obtaining of evidence and things;

(_b_) the making of arrangements for persons to give evidence or assist in
criminal investigations;

(_c_) the recovery, forfeiture or confiscation of property in respect of
offences;

(_d_) the restraining of dealings in property, or the freezing of assets, that
may be recovered, forfeited or confiscated in respect of offences;

(_e_) the execution of requests for search and seizure;

(_f_) the location and identification of witnesses and suspects; and

(_g_) the service of documents.

The AG’s application concerned a request by a foreign state (“the Requesting
State”) to Singapore for assistance with respect to the provision and
obtaining of material relating to a bank account.

3 After hearing the Senior State Counsel, we allowed the appeal and now give
our reasons.

4 The relevant provisions of MACMA relating to production orders in criminal
matters are set out in ss 22 to 27 as follows:

**22.** —(1) Where a request is made by the appropriate authority of a
prescribed foreign country that any particular thing or description of thing
in Singapore be produced for the purposes of any criminal matter in that
country, the Attorney-General or a person duly appointed by him may apply to
the court for an order under subsection (3).

(2) An application for an order under subsection (3) in relation to any thing
in the possession of a financial institution shall be made only to the High
Court.

(3) If, on such an application, the court is satisfied that the conditions
referred to in subsection (4) are fulfilled, it may make an order that the
person who appears to the court to be in possession of the thing to which the
application relates shall **—**

(_a_) produce the thing to an authorised officer for him to take away; or

(_b_) give an authorised officer access to the thing,

within 7 days of the date of the order or such other period as the court
considers appropriate.

(4) The conditions referred to in subsection (3) are **—**

(_a_) that there are reasonable grounds for suspecting that a specified person
has carried on or benefited from a foreign offence;

(_b_) that there are reasonable grounds for believing that the thing to which
the application relates —

(i) is likely to be of substantial value (whether by itself or together with
another thing) to the criminal matter in respect of which the application was
made; and

(ii) does not consist of or include items subject to legal privilege; and

(_c_) that the court is satisfied that it is not contrary to the public
interest for the thing to be produced or that access to it be given.

(5) The proceedings referred to in subsection (3) may be conducted in the
presence or absence of the person to whom the criminal proceedings in the
foreign country relates or of his legal representative (if any).

(6) No person who is required by an order under this section to produce or
make available any thing for the purposes of any criminal proceedings in a
foreign country shall be required to produce any thing that the person could
not be compelled to produce in the proceedings in that country.

(7) A duly certified foreign law immunity certificate is admissible in
proceedings under this section as prima facie evidence of the matters stated
in the certificate.

(8) Proceedings under subsection (3) shall be heard in camera.

**Supplementary provisions regarding production orders**

**23.** —(1) Where a court orders a person under section 22 to give an
authorised officer access to any thing on any premises, it may, on the same or
a subsequent application of an authorised officer, order any person who
appears to him to be entitled to grant entry to the premises to allow an
authorised officer to enter the premises to obtain access to the thing.

(2) Where any material to which an order under section 22 relates consists of
information contained in or accessible by means of any data equipment **—**

(_a_) an order under section 22(3)(_a_) shall have effect as an order to
produce the material in a form which can be taken away and which is visible
and legible; and

(_b_) an order under section 22(3)(_b_) shall have effect as an order to give
access to the material in a form which is visible and legible.

(3) A person is not excused from producing or making available any thing by an
order under section 22 on the ground that —

(_a_) the production or making available of the thing might tend to
incriminate the person or make the person liable to a penalty; or

(_b_) the production or making available of the thing would be in breach of an
obligation (whether imposed by law or otherwise) of the person not to disclose
the existence of the contents of the thing.

(4) An order under section 22 —

(_a_) shall not confer any right to the production of, or of access to, items
subject to legal privilege; and

(_b_) shall have effect notwithstanding any obligations as to secrecy or other
restrictions upon the disclosure of information imposed by statute or
otherwise.

(5) An authorised officer may photograph or make copies of any thing produced
or to which access is granted pursuant to an order made under section 22.

(6) Where an authorised officer takes possession of any thing under an order
made under section 22 or takes any photograph or makes any copy of the thing
under subsection (5), he may retain the thing, photograph or copy for a period
of up to one month pending a written direction from the Attorney-General as to
the manner in which the thing, photograph or copy is to be dealt with (which
may include a direction that the thing, photograph or copy be sent to the
appropriate authority of the foreign country concerned).

(7) Rules of Court may provide for —

(_a_) the discharge and variation of orders under section 22; and

(_b_) proceedings relating to such orders.

(8) In this section, “data equipment” means any equipment which **—**

(_a_) automatically processes information;

(_b_) automatically records or stores information;

(_c_) can be used to cause information to be automatically recorded, stored or
otherwise processed on other equipment (wherever situated);

(_d_) can be used to retrieve information whether the information is recorded
or stored in the equipment itself or in other equipment (wherever situated).

**Immunities**

**24.** —(1) No civil or criminal action, other than a criminal action for an
offence under section 25, shall lie against any person for **—**

(_a_) producing or giving access to any thing if he had produced or given
access to the thing in good faith in compliance with an order made against him
under section 22; or

(_b_) doing or omitting to do any act if he had done or omitted to do the act
in good faith and as a result of complying with such an order.

(2) Any person who complies with an order made under section 22 shall not be
treated as being in breach of any restriction upon the disclosure of
information or thing imposed by law, contract or rules of professional
conduct.

**Failure to comply with production order**

**25.** Any person who **—**

(_a_) without reasonable excuse contravenes or fails to comply with an order
under section 22; or

(_b_) in purported compliance with such an order, produces or makes available
to an authorised officer any material known to the person to be false or
misleading in a material particular without **—**

(i) indicating to the authorised officer that the material is false or
misleading and the part that is false or misleading; or

(ii) providing correct information to the authorised officer if the person is
in possession of, or can reasonably acquire, the correct information,

shall be guilty of an offence and shall be liable on conviction to a fine not
exceeding $10,000 or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding 2 years or to
both.

5 The relevant provisions from the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2006 Rev Ed)
are set out in O 89B rr 2 and 3 as follows:

**Production orders (O. 89B, r. 2)**

**2.** —(1) An application for an order under section 22 [of MACMA] must be
supported by affidavit and may be made ex parte.

(2) Where an order under section 22 has been made, the person required to
comply with the order may apply to the Court for the order to be discharged or
varied, and on hearing such an application, the Court may discharge the order
or make such variations to it as the Court thinks fit.

(3) Subject to paragraph (4), where a person proposes to file an application
under paragraph (2) for the discharge or variation of an order, he shall serve
a copy of the application, not later than 2 clear days before the filing of
the application, on the Attorney-General or the person who made the
application for the order.

(4) The Court may direct that paragraph (3) need not be complied with if the
Court is satisfied that the person making the application has good reason to
seek a discharge or variation of the order as soon as possible and it is not
practicable to comply with that paragraph.

**Confidentiality of documents relating to production orders****(O. 89B, r.
3)**

**3**. Notwithstanding Order 60, Rule 4, no person may inspect or take a copy
of any document relating to —

(_a_) an application for an order under section 22; or

(_b_) an application to discharge or vary such an order,

without the leave of Court.

6 The following points should be noted concerning the scope of s 22 of MACMA,
read with the Rules of Court:

(a) _Firstly,_ the application for a production order may be made by the
Attorney-General after receiving a request from the requesting country. As a
matter of state policy pursuant to Singapore’s treaty with the requesting
country, he is under a duty to make the application if the request satisfies
all the requirements of MACMA, as otherwise he would cause Singapore to be in
breach of its international obligations to the requesting country. It should
be noted that assistance under MACMA is provided only to a country that has
given an undertaking to provide similar assistance to Singapore (see s 16(2))
or to a prescribed country that has entered into an agreement or a treaty with
Singapore (see s 17(1)).

(b) _Secondly_ , the application is supported by affidavit but O 89B r 2 of
the Rules of Court does not require that the request of the requesting country
be disclosed as an exhibit.

(c) _Thirdly_ , the application may be (and is invariably) made _ex parte_ and
the proceedings are heard _in camera_.

(d) _Fourthly_ , the financial institution served with a production order has
seven days to comply with the order and it may apply to vary or set aside the
order.

(e) _Fifthly_ , s 22(3) provides that the court may make a production order in
terms of the application if it is satisfied that the conditions referred to in
s 22(4) are fulfilled. However, neither s 22(3) nor s 22(4) makes it a
requirement that the request must be disclosed to the court as a condition to
the exercise of its power to grant the production order.

(f) _Sixthly_ , if the s 22(4) conditions are satisfied, the court _may_ make
a production order. The word “may” in s 22(3) is an enabling word that confers
power on the court to make the production order if it is satisfied that the s
22(4) conditions have been fulfilled. However, if the court is so satisfied,
then it _must_ make the order; otherwise it would cause Singapore to be in
breach of its obligations to the requesting country.

7 The AG’s application was supported by the affidavit of Station Inspector Lim
Keng Poh Alan (“SI Lim”) of the Commercial Affairs Department (“CAD”) of the
Singapore Police Force dated 9 April 2008 (“SI Lim’s Affidavit”). SI Lim’s
Affidavit read:

1\. I am an authorised officer within the meaning of section 2(1) of [MACMA].

2\. It has been brought to my attention that the Ministry of Home Affairs of
the Government of [the Requesting State] has, on [date], submitted a request
for mutual legal assistance to the Attorney-General of the Republic of
Singapore …

3\. I hereby make this Affidavit in support of the application by the
Attorney-General for a production order against [the Bank] …

4\. Insofar as the matters deposed to herein are within my personal knowledge
they are true. Insofar as they are based on documents or information received
by or in the possession of the CAD, including information provided by the
[magistrate of the Requesting State], pertaining to a criminal investigation
against [the parties under investigation] for criminal conspiracy to commit
offences of cheating, forgery of a valuable security, forgery for the purpose
of cheating and using forged documents as genuine, under [law of the
Requesting State], they are true to the best of my knowledge, information and
belief.

5\. According to information provided by the [magistrate of the Requesting
State], investigations conducted by the [investigating authority of the
Requesting State] have revealed the following:

[particulars of transactions relating to the fraud alleged to have been
committed by the parties under investigation]

6\. The production order sought in the present application is for the
production by [the Bank] of the complete bank records for account number xxx
(“the account”) for the period of 1 January 2000 to the present, including,
but not limited to the following:

a. original signature cards for the account;

b. application forms and any other documentation pertaining to the opening of
the account;

c. account ledger cards;

d. periodic account statements;

e. records of all items deposited into, withdrawn from, or transferred out of
the account;

f. records of wire transfers to and from the account;

g. correspondence to, from, or on behalf of the account holder; and

h. memoranda related to the account.

7\. Based on information received by me from [Head of Operational Risk and
Compliance, the Bank], I believe that [the Bank] is in possession of the
material described in paragraph 6 above.

8\. I have reasonable grounds for believing that the material to which the
application relates is likely to be of substantial value to the criminal
matter in respect of which this application is made and does not consist of or
include material subject to legal privilege.

8 In his grounds of decision ([2008] SGHC 96) (“the GD”) at [8], the Judge
expressed the view that para 6 of SI Lim’s Affidavit was unclear as to whether
the items stated therein were specifically sought in the request since the
request had not been exhibited in the affidavit. The Judge stated (at [11])
that on the material before him, he was “left in doubt [as to] whether the
items in the [AG’s] application were spelt out in the request”. The Judge did
not doubt the existence of the request: what he doubted was whether the items
sought in the AG’s application were the same as the items sought in the
request. However, as will be seen later, nowhere in the GD has the Judge given
any reason or explained the basis of his doubts other than the fact that the
request of the Requesting State had not been produced to the court. The notes
of evidence recorded the following exchange between the Judge and the state
counsel:

Court: |  There should be disclosure of the request and the “thing” that is requested for so that the Court and the bank can be satisfied that there is a proper basis for the application.  
---|---  
[State counsel]: |  We are not producing that.  
Court: |  Application dismissed.  
  
The exchange as recorded above has been elaborated upon at [10] of the GD
where the Judge explained:

When the application came on for hearing before me, I informed counsel that
the request from the foreign country should be exhibited in [SI Lim’s]
[A]ffidavit. I told him that if there was any apprehension that any part of
the request may contain confidential information which should not be
disclosed, that can be redacted so long [as] it can be ascertained that there
is a request coming within s 22(1) [of MACMA] from a prescribed foreign
country for the production of the particular material specified in the
application.

9 The Judge observed (at [9]) that it was unclear if para 2 of the AG’s
application (which sought an order that, where the material listed in para 6
of SI Lim’s Affidavit consisted of information contained in data equipment,
the said material “shall be produced in a form in which it can be taken away
and in which it is visible and legible”) formed part of the actual request
from the Requesting State. It is not clear whether this observation was meant
as a criticism of the form of the application or a reinforcement of the
Judge’s doubt as to whether the application was seeking more material than was
requested by the Requesting State. In any event, we can say immediately that
this observation was misplaced because para 2 of the AG’s application merely
restated the requirements of s 23(2) of MACMA (see [4] above).

10 At the hearing, the Judge informed the state counsel that in another
application before the court, the hearing was adjourned for the request to be
produced, and that when the request was produced, a production order was made.
However, as the state counsel was not receptive to the suggestion, the Judge
dismissed the AG’s application. The Judge elaborated on his reasons for
dismissing the AG’s application at [13]–[17] and [21]–[22] of the GD. They are
reproduced below:

13 I have noted earlier that a request for assistance from a foreign country
is dealt with in two stages. First, the Attorney-General has to decide whether
to accede to or to refuse the request. If the Attorney-General accedes to the
request, an application is made in court, and the court must be satisfied with
the application before an order for production is made.  It is clear that the
starting point to an application to the court is a request from a foreign
country which identifies the material for which an order for production is
sought.

14 It may be argued that the Court’s role in deciding whether to grant an
application for production is governed by s 22(3) and (4) of [MACMA]:

[sub-ss(3) and (4) of s 22 set out (see [4] above)]

and if the conditions in sub-s (4) are satisfied, the Court should not concern
itself with other matters falling outside sub-ss  (3) and (4).

15 Such an argument does not withstand examination. In the scheme of s 22, an
application is made only when a request is received. If there is no proper
request, the matter should not progress to the s 22(3) stage.  The existence
of a proper request is at all times an essential part of an application.

16 How does a court satisfy itself that there is a proper request?  Under the
best evidence rule, the actual request should be produced in evidence. For the
present application, the strictness of this rule is ameliorated by the
combined effect of s 67(1)(e), s 76(a)(iii) and s 65(b) of the Evidence Act
(Cap 97), and a certified copy or a photocopy of the request may be produced
in lieu of the actual request.

17 Without sight of the request, I am not able to verify that there is a
proper request received from a prescribed foreign country, and that the
request is for the production of the “things” set out in the application.

…

21 When the rights and interests of these parties are considered, the request
for assistance from a foreign government and the “things” for which production
is sought by the foreign government cannot be withheld from them. A prudent
bank mindful of its dual duties to maintain banking secrecy and to comply with
court orders would want to study the request before it produces any material
in good faith.

22 For the foregoing reasons, I found that the present application made
without exhibiting the request does not conform with the letter and spirit of
the Act as it did not enable the court to be satisfied that the conditions for
an order for production have been satisfied, and it did not allow the parties
under investigation or the bank involved a proper opportunity to oppose the
making of an order for production, or the discharge or variation of any order
made.

11 We are unable to agree with the Judge’s approach as set out in the above
paragraphs. With respect to [17] of the GD, that there should be a _proper_
request from the Requesting State may be said to be obvious, but nowhere in
the GD has the Judge explained what he meant by a _proper_ request. In our
view, a proper request is a request that conforms to the requirements of MACMA
as set out in s 22 (see discussion at [20] below). If the request seeks the
production of five items of information from a bank, and the AG’s application
seeks the production of eight items of information, there is nothing wrong
with the request, but there is something wrong with the application. The Judge
has confused the scope of the request with the scope of the application. As
the Judge did not doubt the existence of the request (and rightly so, since
para 2 of SI Lim’s Affidavit stated that such a request had been submitted by
the Requesting State under MACMA, and also in view of the screening role of
the Attorney-General and the supervisory role of the Minister for Law under
MACMA), the only conceivable reason why the Judge did not consider the request
in the AG’s application to be a proper request was because it was not
disclosed to him. This conclusion is confirmed by [17] of the GD where the
Judge stated that, without sight of the request, he was not able to say that
there was a proper request for the production of the “things” set out in the
application.

12 With respect to [21] of the GD, the Judge appeared to have suggested that,
not only should the request be disclosed to the court, it should also be
disclosed to the Bank and the account holder as their interests would be
affected, and that the Bank would want time to study the request before it
produced any material. In our view, the Judge has failed to appreciate the
statutory scheme of MACMA. Leaving aside the issue of disclosure (which is
addressed at [21] below), the substantive provisions and the Rules of Court
provide that an application for a production order may be made _ex parte_ ,
and any bank served with an order has seven days to comply with it (which
would give it sufficient time to study its propriety or validity) and to apply
to vary or discharge it. Similarly, the Judge’s statement at [22] of the GD –
that, as a result of the non-disclosure of the request, the AG’s application
did not allow parties under investigation nor the Bank a proper opportunity to
oppose the making of the production order or the discharge or variation of any
order made – was also wrong for the reasons we have given with respect to his
observations at [21] of the GD.

13 We should emphasise that the propriety of the request for a production
order by a foreign country and its conformity with the requirements of MACMA
are determined initially by the Attorney-General and his determination is
subject to confirmation by the competent Minister. This screening process is a
useful means to balance the competing public interests of financial
confidentiality and privacy, on the one hand, and on the other hand of
ensuring that Singapore is not a haven for money laundering and a heaven for
those wishing to enjoy or protect ill-gotten gains by parking them here.
Sections 19 and 20 of MACMA provide as follows:

**19.** —(1) Every request by a foreign country to Singapore for assistance
under this Part shall be made to the Attorney-General.

(2) Every request shall **—**

(_a_) specify the purpose of the request and the nature of the assistance
being sought;

(_b_) identify the person or authority that initiated the request; and

(_c_) be accompanied by **—**

(i) a certificate from the appropriate authority of that country that the
request is made in respect of a criminal matter within the meaning of this
Act;

(ii) a description of the nature of the criminal matter and a statement
setting out a summary of the relevant facts and laws;

(iii) where the request relates to **—**

> (A) the location of a person who is suspected to be involved in or to have
> benefited from the commission of an offence; or
>
> (B) the tracing of property that is suspected to be connected with an
> offence,

the name, identity, nationality, location or description of that person, or
the location and description of the property, if known, and a statement
setting forth the basis for suspecting the matter referred to in sub-paragraph
(A) or (B);

(iv) a description of the offence to which the criminal matter relates,
including its maximum penalty;

(v) details of the procedure that that country wishes to be followed by
Singapore in giving effect to the request, including details of the manner and
form in which any information or thing is to be supplied to that country
pursuant to the request;

(vi) where the request is for assistance relating to an ancillary criminal
matter and judicial proceedings to obtain a foreign confiscation order have
not been instituted in that country, a statement indicating when they are
likely to be instituted;

(vii) a statement setting out the wishes of that country concerning the
confidentiality of the request and the reason for those wishes;

(viii) details of the period within which that country wishes the request to
be met;

(ix) if the request involves a person travelling from Singapore to that
country, details of allowances to which the person will be entitled, and of
the arrangements for accommodation for the person while he is in that country
pursuant to the request;

(x) any other information required to be included with the request under any
treaty, memorandum of understanding or other agreement between Singapore and
that country; and

(xi) any other information that may assist in giving effect to the request or
which is required under the provisions of this Act.

**Refusal of assistance**

**20.** —(1) A request by a foreign country for assistance under this Part
shall be refused if, in the opinion of the Attorney-General **—**

(_a_) the appropriate authority of that country has, in respect of that
request, failed to comply with the terms of any treaty, memorandum of
understanding or other agreement between Singapore and that country;

(_b_) the request relates to the investigation, prosecution or punishment of a
person for an offence that is, or is by reason of the circumstances in which
it is alleged to have been committed or was committed, an offence of a
political character;

(_c_) the request relates to the investigation, prosecution or punishment of a
person in respect of an act or omission that, if it had occurred in Singapore,
would have constituted an offence under the military law applicable in
Singapore but not also under the ordinary criminal law of Singapore;

(_d_) there are substantial grounds for believing that the request was made
for the purpose of investigating, prosecuting, punishing or otherwise causing
prejudice to a person on account of the person’s race, religion, sex, ethnic
origin, nationality or political opinions;

(_e_) the request relates to the investigation, prosecution or punishment of a
person for an offence in a case where the person **—**

(i) has been convicted, acquitted or pardoned by a competent court or other
authority in that country; or

(ii) has undergone the punishment provided by the law of that country,

in respect of that offence or of another offence constituted by the same act
or omission as the first-mentioned offence;

(_f_) the request relates to the investigation, prosecution or punishment of a
person in respect of an act or omission that, if it had occurred in Singapore,
would not have constituted a Singapore offence;

(_g_) the offence to which the request relates is not an offence of sufficient
gravity;

(_h_) the thing requested for is of insufficient importance to the
investigation or could reasonably be obtained by other means;

(_i_) it is contrary to public interest to provide the assistance;

(_j_) the appropriate authority fails to undertake that the thing requested
for will not be used for a matter other than the criminal matter in respect of
which the request was made, except with the consent of the Attorney-General;

(_k_) in the case of a request for assistance under Division 2 or 6, the
appropriate authority fails to undertake to return to the Attorney-General,
upon his request, any thing obtained pursuant to the request upon completion
of the criminal matter in respect of which the request was made; or

(_l_) the provision of the assistance could prejudice a criminal matter in
Singapore.

(2) A request by a foreign country for assistance under this Part may be
refused by the Attorney-General **—**

(_a_) pursuant to the terms of any treaty, memorandum of understanding or
other agreement between Singapore and that country;

(_b_) if, in the opinion of the Attorney-General, the provision of the
assistance would, or would be likely to, prejudice the safety of any person
(whether in Singapore or elsewhere);

(_c_) if, in the opinion of the Attorney-General, the provision of the
assistance would impose an excessive burden on the resources of Singapore; or

(_d_) if, in the case of any assistance under sections 21 and 27(1) and
Divisions 7 and 8, that country is not declared as a prescribed foreign
country under section 17 and the appropriate authority of that country fails
to give an undertaking to the Attorney-General that that country will comply
with a future request by Singapore to that country for similar assistance in a
criminal matter involving an offence that corresponds to the foreign offence
for which assistance is sought.

14 Further, s 41 of MACMA provides as follows:

**Attorney-General to give notice to Minister**

**41.** —(1) Unless the Minister otherwise directs, the Attorney-General shall
cause a notice to be given to the Minister of every Singapore request and
foreign request.

(2) A notice under subsection (1) shall —

(_a_) in the case of a Singapore request, be given before the request is made;

(_b_) in the case of a foreign request, be given as soon as reasonably
practicable after receipt of the request and before the request is processed;
and

(_c_) be accompanied by —

(i) a copy of the request;

(ii) copies of all relevant documents;

(iii) a summary of the material facts supporting the request; and

(iv) such other matters and information as may be required by the Minister.

(3) Upon receipt of a notice under subsection (1), the Minister may, if he
thinks that —

(_a_) the taking of any action in relation to a Singapore request or foreign
request is in the interests of the sovereignty, security or public order of
Singapore, instruct the Attorney-General to take such action, and the
Attorney-General shall comply with such instruction;

(_b_) the taking of any action in relation to a Singapore request or foreign
request is against the interests of the sovereignty, security or public order
of Singapore, instruct the Attorney-General not to take such action, and the
Attorney-General shall, notwithstanding the provisions of this Act, comply
with such instruction.

(4) Where a foreign request has been complied with, the Attorney-General
shall, if the Minister so requires, provide the Minister with particulars of
any evidence, documents or other assistance provided pursuant to the request.

(5) In this section —

“foreign request” means a request from a foreign country to Singapore under
Part III for assistance in a criminal matter;

“Singapore request” means a request by Singapore to a foreign country under
Part II for assistance in a criminal matter.

15 As can be seen, MACMA has provided a very elaborate structure for the
provision of assistance to foreign countries. It also sets out in detail the
conditions which the foreign country must satisfy before such assistance can
be given. Under MACMA, there are two levels of checks by the Executive on any
request by a foreign country, first by the Attorney-General and second by the
competent Minister, as both are also charged with statutory duties to ensure
that any such request must satisfy the statutory requirements before
assistance can be given. Given this statutory framework, when the Attorney-
General makes an application under MACMA for a production order, or, for that
matter, any other order under MACMA, there should be no reason for the court
to ask for disclosure of the request in the absence of _prima facie_ evidence
that both the Attorney-General and the competent Minister have not discharged
their statutory duties in determining whether the request is a proper request.
Acceding to such a request by a foreign country is a serious decision for the
Executive as it involves agreeing to disclose what would otherwise be non-
disclosable material under the law. There should be no reason to believe
(again in the absence of _prima facie_ evidence to the contrary) that the
Attorney-General would seek to disclose more information than that requested
by the foreign country. The fact that a request is not produced to the court
is not a red flag that something might have gone wrong with the screening
process.

16 At [11] of the GD, the Judge, in support of his reasoning that the request
of the Requesting State must be disclosed in the AG’s application, quoted the
following statement by the Minister for Law during the debate in Parliament on
the Mutual Assistance in Criminal Matters (Amendment) Bill (Bill 2 of 2006)
(see _Singapore Parliamentary Debates, Official Report_ (13 February 2006) vol
80 at cols 2312–2313 (Prof S Jayakumar, Minister for Law):

Assistance will also be declined if a foreign authority is merely “fishing”
for information that might be of use against a person or a corporation. The
Act has many safeguards against such “fishing expeditions”. For example,
section 22 of the Act, on production orders, requires that a foreign request
must be made for a particular item or document.

In our view, having regard to the legal framework in MACMA, the Minister’s
statement was directed primarily to the Attorney-General, as the central
authority to receive foreign requests, and also the competent Minister. It was
not directed to the court.

17 The Judge referred to and rejected (at [15] and [16] of the GD) (see [10]
above) the argument (which was made by the state counsel) that it was not
necessary for the Attorney-General to produce the request so long as the
application satisfied the conditions set out in s 22(4) of MACMA (see [4]
above).

18 The state counsel’s argument was that the AG’s application, as supported
bySI Lim’s Affidavit, met all the conditions in sub-s (4) and that the court
should not have to concern itself with other matters falling outside ss 22(3)
and 22(4), such as the disclosure of the request to the court. The Judge held
that the argument did not withstand examination on the ground that, in the
scheme of s 22, an application was to be made only when a request was received
and, if there was no proper request, the matter should not progress to the s
22(3) stage. According to the Judge, the existence of a proper request was at
all times an essential part of a MACMA application.

19 As we have earlier stated (at [11]–[12] above), the Judge’s reasoning is
flawed because the disclosure of the request to the court is not relevant to
the issue of whether the Attorney-General has received any request from the
foreign country. Nor is it relevant to the issue of whether the request is a
proper request in the context of satisfying the requirements of MACMA or the
terms of the treaty between Singapore and that country. So long as there is
placed before the court an application by the Attorney-General for a
production order, which satisfies the requirements of s 22 of MACMA and O 89B
of the Rules of Court, the court should proceed on the basis (unless there is
_prima facie_ evidence to the contrary) that there exists a request from the
foreign country that complies with MACMA and the relevant treaty. The court
should accord due deference to the decision of the Attorney-General, a
decision he would not have lightly made. There is no reason for the court not
to proceed on the basis that the Attorney-General and the competent Minister
would have applied their minds to the propriety of every foreign request for
disclosure of financial information under MACMA. In our view, the maxim,
_omnia praesumuntur rite esse acta_ , applies to an executive decision made by
the Attorney-General in the discharge of his statutory duties in order to
carry out Singapore’s obligations to the requesting country under the relevant
treaty.

20 The question that the court has to ask itself is whether, on the materials
placed before it, the court is satisfied that the conditions referred to in s
22(4) of MACMA have been met. In the present case, it was our view that,
having regard to the contents of SI Lim’s Affidavit, there was no reason to
doubt that the AG’s application had met all the conditions set out in s 22(4).
The affidavit set out sufficient particulars to show that there were
reasonable grounds for suspecting that the specified person had carried out or
benefited from a foreign offence and that there were reasonable grounds for
believing that the things to which the AG’s application related were of
substantial value to the criminal matter in respect of which the application
was made. In our view, the Judge erred in rejecting the state counsel’s
arguments on this point. The Judge did not decide that the s 22(4) conditions
had not been met, but only that, unless the request was disclosed, he could
not be sure that it was a proper request. Since the Judge did not say that he
doubted the sworn statements of SI Lim, there was no basis on which he could
have doubted that the request was a proper request or that the items sought
for production in the AG’s application were not those sought in the request.

21 We should like to emphasise that it is not our view that, in any
application for assistance under MACMA, the court would never be justified in
requesting the Attorney-General to disclose the request of the requesting
country, in order to decide whether to grant or refuse to grant the production
order, if disclosure is essential for that purpose. What the court cannot do
is to compel disclosure if it is protected by public interest immunity under s
125 of the Evidence Act (Cap 97, 1997 Rev Ed). Indeed, the Attorney-General
has made a claim to such immunity in his written case, but, in our view, the
claim was not relevant to the disposition of this appeal as the Judge did not
order the disclosure of the request. However, a successful claim for immunity
only means that the court may not be able to look at the request, but it would
still be entitled to dismiss a s 22(3) application in a case where the
conditions under s 22(4) would not be met unless the request is disclosed. The
present case is not such a case. When a court is asked to approve an
application that meets all statutory requirements, it is not asked to rubber
stamp it. It is asked to determine whether there is due compliance with the
law by the applicant.

22 The question here is whether it is necessary for the Judge to have sight of
the request in order to determine whether the requirements of MACMA, _viz_ ,
the s 22(4) conditions, have been met. In the present case, the Judge
dismissed the AG’s application, not because he was of the view that these
conditions had not been met, but because he held that without sight of the
request he was not able to verify that the request was for the production of
the things set out in the application. In our view, having regard to SI Lim’s
Affidavit, there was no reason for the Judge to take upon himself the duty or
task of having to verify whether the Attorney-General had sought more or less
information than that requested by the Requesting State. He did not have any
grounds at all to believe that the AG’s application did not conform to the
request.

**International practice**

23 As a result of an increasingly globalised world, legislation relating to
mutual assistance in criminal matters is nowadays a common feature in many
countries. Countries with strong trade and financial ties are anxious to
combat transnational crimes by co-operating with one another to uncover the
proceeds of such crimes, in order to recover the proceeds or to prevent them
from being laundered as legitimate funds. As such, it may be useful to refer
to the practice in some common law jurisdictions.

24 In Hong Kong, the Mutual Legal Assistance in Criminal Matters Ordinance
(Cap 525) (HKSAR) (“the Hong Kong Ordinance”) is similar to our MACMA. Section
15(5) of the Hong Kong Ordinance lists the conditions that the court must be
satisfied as having been fulfilled before it can make an order for assistance.
Order 115A r 12(1) of the Rules of the High Court (Cap 4 sub leg A) (HKSAR)
(“the Hong Kong Rules”) simply provides that “[a]n authorized officer shall
make an application for an order under section 15 [of the Hong Kong Ordinance]
ex parte to a judge by laying an information on oath”. The Hong Kong Rules do
not provide for the disclosure of the foreign request.

25 In Canada, the Mutual Legal Assistance in Criminal Matters Act, RSC 1985
(4th Supp), c 30 (Can) (“the Canadian Act”), is similar in structure. Section
18(1) states the conditions, which a judge must have reasonable grounds to
believe exist, before an order for the gathering of evidence can be made. The
statute does not contain any requirement that the foreign request must be
produced to the court. In _In the Matter of an Application Pursuant to s 17(2)
of the Mutual Legal Assistance in Criminal Matters Act and Rafal Kurek_ 2005
BCSC 516, the issue of the disclosure of the foreign country’s request (“the
Request”) came before the court. Holmes J made the following rulings:

**DISCLOSURE**

[21] The applicants seek disclosure of the Request as necessary to permit
proper adjudication of the issues. It was Corporal Stein’s reading of the
Request which provided the information he then deposed to in his affidavit to
ground the _ex parte_ application for an Examination Order.

[22] The applicants also seek disclosure of the Request on the basis that the
Minister’s authorization approving the Request which is an Exhibit to Corporal
Stein’s affidavit notes the Request as being attached. It was not.

[23] The applicants seek disclosure to permit general inquiry into allegations
of material non-disclosure by Poland regarding the civil actions in the _ex
parte_ application for the Examination Order and in respect of their
allegation of an ulterior motive by Poland for seeking the Examination Order
of the applicants.

[24] The [Canadian] Act does not provide a right of statutory disclosure. ...
Disclosure requirements applicable to domestic criminal proceedings are not
necessarily applicable to proceedings under the [Canadian] Act. …

[25] The information the court requires for issuance of an evidence gathering
order will likely be less than that contained in the Request and there is no
requirement for the Request itself to be placed before the court. [_U.S.A. v.
Beach_ (1999), 132 C.C.C. (3d) 156 (Man. C.A.) at ¶18-19 …]

[26] The Stein affidavit was the only evidence before the Associate Chief
Justice on the _ex parte_ application. The Request was not before the court
and hence the applicants are not entitled to its disclosure on that basis.

[27] The Request, consideration leading to the grant of the Request, and
Approval of the Request by the Minister are diplomatic matters between states
pursuant to treaty and do not engage the Court’s jurisdiction. [_U.S.A. v.
Ding_ , [1996] B.C.J. No. 1412 (C.A.) at ¶7]

[28] The Request for Assistance is similar to a request for extradition and
for analogous reason not subject to disclosure. …

[29] The Request for Assistance is made pursuant to Article 14 of the Treaty
between states. The Minister is charged with the review of the Request to
ensure compliance with the Treaty pursuant to s. 8 of the [Canadian] Act and
if approval is granted to provide the Attorney General of Canada (“a competent
authority”) with any documents or information necessary to permit an
application to the Court pursuant to s. 17(2) for an information gathering
order.

[30] The court is not concerned with the Request itself but only that Approval
has been granted and the necessary pre-conditions in section 18(1) of the
[Canadian] Act for issuance of an order are shown.

[31] Section 15(2) of the [Canadian] Act permits the content of a Request
being kept confidential “... to the extent requested ...” by the requesting
Party.

[32] As noted by Twaddle J.A. in _Beach_ , _supra_ ¶18-20:

The Treaty certainly requires the requested State to use its best endeavours
to keep the contents of the Request for Assistance confidential, but also
recognizes that the Request will be executed in accordance with the law of the
requested State. As the information which the court requires to make an order
under s. 18 will ordinarily be much less than that contained in the Request,
the rule of law requiring disclosure of the information filed in court to an
interested person does not seriously compromise respect for the
confidentiality of most of the contents of the Request.

Whatever information may be passed between the States pursuant to the Treaty’s
protocol, s. 18 of the [Canadian] Act does not require disclosure of all of it
to the court. All that need be disclosed to the court is sufficient
information to show that there are reasonable grounds to believe that

(a) a serious crime over which the requesting State has jurisdiction has been
committed; and

(b) evidence of its commission will be found in Canada.

The standard of “reasonable grounds” does not require disclosure of the
requesting State’s entire case. For the purpose of this proceeding, it would
have been sufficient to prove that there was a death in circumstances which
make foul play reasonably probable and that the respondents have a connection
to the crime or the suspect which makes it reasonably probable that they have
knowledge of facts which, if the subject of testimony, could aid the
investigation or prosecution of the crime.

The decision of Holmes J and the reasons he gave were directly on point with
respect to the AG’s application in this case.

26 The Senior State Counsel has also drawn our attention to Art 16(1) of the
applicable treaty between Singapore and the Requesting State which provides
for the confidentiality of the request, _viz_ :

The Requested State shall keep a request for assistance, the contents of the
request and its supporting documentation, and the fact of the granting of such
assistance, confidential. If the request cannot be executed without breaching
confidentiality, the Requested State shall, before executing the request, so
inform the Requesting State which shall then determine the extent to which it
wishes the request to be executed.

Article 16(1) requires the Attorney-General, when applying for a production
order pursuant to s 22(3), not to disclose the request of the requesting
country. It also requires him not to do so, even if the court were to insist
on disclosure, if he does not have the consent of the requesting country. This
Article would explain why, in applications for various orders under MACMA, the
request is not produced. Article 16(1) would provide the legal basis for the
Attorney-General to plead public interest immunity under s 125 of the Evidence
Act, but as we have stated earlier (at [21] above), it does not prevent the
court from requesting the disclosure of the request if disclosure is a
necessary condition under the law to grant the application. In such a
situation, it is well within the powers of the court to refuse to grant the
application if the request were not produced. That such a scenario could occur
is implicit in the terms of Art 16(1). However, the present case is not such a
situation.

27 For the above reasons, we allowed the appeal and granted the AG’s
application for the production order against the Bank.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 23 Oct 2008 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

