Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Goh Eng Wah v Daikin Industries Ltd and Others  
[2008] SGHC 190

Case Number | : | Suit 742/2005  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 31 October 2008  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Lai Siu Chiu J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Davinder Singh SC, Hri Kumar SC, Shobna Chandran (instructed) and Johnny Cheo Chai Beng (Cheo Yeoh & Associates LLC) for the plaintiff; Anna Oei and Chen Wei Ling (Tan, Oei & Oei LLC) for the first defendant; Sean Lim Thian Siong (Hin Tat Augustine & Partners) for the second defendant; Thio Ying Ying and Tan Yeow Hiang (Kelvin Chia Partnership) for the third, fourth and fifth defendants   
Parties | : |  Goh Eng Wah — Daikin Industries Ltd; Daikin Airconditioning (Singapore) Pte. Ltd. Formerly known as A.C.E. Daikin (Singapore) Pte Ltd; Robert Chua Teck Chew; Chua Teck Meng; Chua Tiak Seng Charlie   
  
Contract  
  

31 October 2008 |  Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Lai Siu Chiu J:

Introduction

1 This claim centres on an agreement for payment (“the Incentive Scheme”), the
rights it conferred as well as the obligations it imposed on the parties to
this suit. However, as with most agreements, the documents did not tell the
full story and the court had to sift through the evidence to determine who the
true parties to the Incentive Scheme were, what was intended by them and
whether there were subsequent variations to the documented terms. The claim by
Goh Eng Wah (“the plaintiff”) against five parties is for an alleged shortfall
in the payments due to him under the Incentive Scheme.

2 The plaintiff had originally commenced proceedings in Suit No 60 of 2004
against Daikin Industries Limited and Daikin Airconditioning (Singapore) Pte
Ltd (“the first and second defendants” respectively) over the same subject
matter. However, that suit was discontinued by the plaintiff on 16 September
2005 following the trial judge’s observation on the first day of hearing that
Robert Chua Teck Chew (“the third defendant”) had not been called as a witness
or been made a party to the proceedings, despite his central role in the
allocation of payments under the Incentive Scheme.

3 The present suit was commenced with not only the addition of the third
defendant, but also Chua Teck Meng and Chua Tiak Seng Charlie (“the fourth and
fifth defendants” respectively). The third, fourth and fifth defendants are
siblings (in descending order of seniority) and are the sons of Chua Joon Nam
(“CJN”) who passed away in 1989. (Hereinafter the third, fourth and fifth
defendants will be referred to collectively as “the Chua brothers”.)

Factual Background

4 The plaintiff is an elderly businessman who is not conversant in English.
His first and main business was/is in cinemas, which he started in the 1950s.
He also had interests in other businesses such as property investment under
the name of Tai Hong Realty (“Tai Hong”). The plaintiff’s main business is now
Eng Wah Organization Ltd which public company is listed on the Stock Exchange
of Singapore. However, it is his daughter Goh Min Yen (“Min Yen”), not the
plaintiff, who is the managing-director of the listed entity. Min Yen is also
the plaintiff’s alternate director in the second defendant.

5 The first defendant is a Japanese company that manufactured and still
manufactures the “Daikin” brand of air-conditioning units. The first defendant
appointed the second defendant as its sole distributor in 1972.

6 The second defendant is a Singapore company that was established in 1968 as
a partnership, between CJN and the plaintiff, to carry on the business of
distributing and installing air-conditioning units, including those bearing
the Daikin brand. CJN was a trusted friend of the plaintiff and they had known
each other for some 10 years prior to the setting up of the second defendant
together.

7 The Chua brothers all eventually became shareholders and executive directors
of the second defendant – the third defendant from inception, the fourth
defendant became a shareholder in 1972 and assumed the role of Executive
Director in September 1974 while the fifth defendant was deemed a shareholder
after his father’s death (as a beneficiary of CJN’s estate) and became an
executive Director in July 1990.

**_History of the second defendant_**

8 When the second defendant was first set up in 1968, the plaintiff was named
Chairman, CJN was the Managing-Director, and the third defendant was an
Executive Director. These three were the initial subscribers and directors of
the second defendant. However, the persons who ran the affairs of the second
defendant were CJN and the third defendant.

9 The plaintiff was never actively involved in the management of the second
defendant. Although he would receive updates from his friend (CJN) during
their lunch meetings and either personally attended or sent a proxy to attend
the Annual General Meetings (“AGMs”) of the second defendant, the plaintiff’s
role was essentially that of a financier. He invested in the second defendant
in his own name as well as, in later years, through his corporate vehicles Eng
Wah Theatres Organization Pte Ltd (which became Eng Wah Organization Ltd in
1994 [“Eng Wah”]) and Kin Wah Co (Pte) Ltd (“Kin Wah”). The plaintiff also
provided short term loans to the second defendant and stood as personal
guarantor for the second defendant’s bank loans. Additionally, the plaintiff
was a major customer of the second defendant and procured contracts for the
second defendant to install air-conditioners in his Eng Wah chain of cinemas
in Singapore and Malaysia.

10 In 1972, CJN was introduced to one Cheng Eng Kuan (“Cheng”), a banker from
Hong Kong, and persuaded Cheng to invest in the second defendant. Cheng
subscribed for 250,000 shares in the second defendant and became its largest
single shareholder holding 50% of the shares. Cheng later prompted the second
defendant to invest in the manufacture of window air-conditioners in Indonesia
before transferring his shares to his brother Chong Kam Sai (“Chong”), who was
a non-executive director in the second defendant from 1 February 1975 to 10
December 1975. Chong managed the second defendant’s business in Indonesia.
Unfortunately, the business failed and had to be sold off to an Indonesian
party.

11 The failure of the Indonesian venture together with the oil crisis of the
1970s caused the second defendant to suffer substantial losses. It was around
April 1976, that the first defendant took up 135,000 shares of $1.00 a share
in the second defendant, providing much needed funds to the second defendant.
In addition, the first defendant’s shareholding in the second defendant
ensured that the first defendant had an interest in the success of the second
defendant. The investment made it more unlikely that the first defendant would
terminate the sole distributorship of the second defendant or increase the
cost of Daikin air-conditioners that it supplied to the second defendant.

12 After the first defendant’s acquisition of shares in the second defendant,
CJN and his associates (hereinafter collectively referred to as “the Chua
Group”) held 42.92% of the shares in the second defendant, the plaintiff and
his associates (hereinafter collectively referred to as “the Goh Group”) held
13.56%, Chong held 28.25% and the first defendant held 15.25%. The chart below
shows the shareholding structure:

**Shareholder** |  **Number of shares** |  ** % shareholding**  
---|---|---  
Chua Joon Nam |  ** ** 255,000 |  ** ** 28.81  
Chuas Investment Private Limited |  ** ** 95,000 |  ** ** 10.73  
Third defendant |  ** ** 15,000 |  ** ** 1.69  
Fourth defendant |  ** ** 15,000 |  ** ** 1.69  
Plaintiff |  ** ** 90,000 |  ** ** 10.17  
Eng Wah Theatres Organization Pte Ltd |  ** ** 30,000 |  ** ** 3.39  
Chong Kam Sai |  ** ** 250,000 |  ** ** 28.25  
First defendant |  ** ** 135,000 |  ** ** 15.25  
  
13 Unfortunately, the second defendant continued to suffer losses and in May
1979, the plaintiff injected another $375,000 into the second defendant (via
Kin Wah) by subscribing for 375,000 shares of $1.00 each. The first defendant
also provided $340,000 in August 1980 in exchange for 340,000 shares. After
this share subscription exercise, the Goh Group became the largest shareholder
in the second defendant. However, despite the capital infusions, the second
defendant’s net liability was $523,000 in early 1981 and its contracting
business continued to incur losses. In April 1981, Chong sold his 250,000
shares in the second defendant to Sim Boon Woo (“Sim”), a friend of CJN.

**_First defendant acquiring majority stake in the second defendant_**

14 In 1981, the second defendant decided to move away from its contracting
business and to focus on the distribution and marketing of air-conditioning
units in line with Singapore’s accelerated public housing program. Once again,
the second defendant required substantial fresh capital. In view of this, the
first defendant was invited to become the majority shareholder of the second
defendant because it could provide financial support as well as liberal trade
credit terms. The first defendant took up the invitation, whereupon the second
defendant issued 800,000 new shares that were taken up by the first defendant,
when the other shareholders by agreement declined to take up any. Thereafter,
the shareholding in the second defendant was as follows:

**Shareholder** |  ** Number of shares** |  ** % shareholding**  
---|---|---  
Chua Joon Nam |  ** ** 255,000 |  ** ** 10.625  
Chuas Investment Private Limited |  ** ** 95,000 |  ** ** 3.96  
Third defendant |  ** ** 15,000 |  ** ** 0.625  
Fourth defendant |  ** ** 15,000 |  ** ** 0.625  
Plaintiff |  ** ** 90,000 |  ** ** 3.75  
Eng Wah Theatres Organization Pte Ltd |  ** ** 30,000 |  ** ** 1.25  
Kin Wah Co (Pte) Ltd |  ** ** 375,000 |  ** ** 15.625  
Sim Boon Woo |  ** ** 250,000 |  ** ** 10.42  
First defendant |  ** ** 1,275,000 |  ** ** 53.125  
  
15 After the first defendant had assumed majority control of the second
defendant, it appointed nominees as Managing Director (“the nominee MD”) and
sales Director (“the nominee Sales Director”). The nominee MD was made a
mandatory cheque signatory to the second defendant’s cheques, including the
payments under the subsequently agreed Incentive Scheme. The first defendant
also took over the primary responsibility of procuring financing for the
second defendant, especially in respect of the import of air-conditioning
units from Japan. However, CJN with the third and the fourth defendants
continued to manage the second defendant.

**_The Incentive Scheme_**

16 At the same time that the first defendant took up a majority stake, it also
entered into a Memorandum dated 15 July 1981 (“the Memorandum”) signed by the
first defendant’s representative and CJN. The Memorandum was subsequently
varied by an undated variation recorded on the same document. As this document
lay at the heart of the parties’ dispute on the Incentive Scheme, it is
necessary to set out its full text:

> > > > _MEMORANDUM_

DAIKIN KOGYO CO. Ltd. (DKC)

and

Mr. Chua Joon Nam

discussed and mutually agreed the followings on July 15, 1981.

1\. DKC has agreed that the amount of Fifteen (15) percent against net profit
before tax shall be allocated to local Directors as remuneration including
bonuses to main officers and qualified staffs so as to encourage them. DKC
trusts Mr. Chua how to allocate the above resources between directors and
officers.

2\. The above allocation shall be limited to S$1Million of net profit before
tax. In case net profit before tax will exceed S$1Million, the allocation for
exceeding net profit shall be negotiated between parties.

3\. All transactions related to monetary and selling matters shall be required
for final approval by the President dispatched by DKC.

4\. The salary for the President shall be $4,400.00 and S$3,600.00 a month to
Japanese sales Director.

A.C.E. (Singapore) Pte Ltd [signed] Mr. Chua Joon Nam Managing Director |  Daikin Kogyo Co., Ltd. [signed] Mr. T. Morimoto Deputy General Manager  
Overseas Division  
---|---  
  
It is mutually agreed to delete Condition 1 above and insert the following
instead :-

1\. DKC has agreed that the amount of fifteen (15) percent against net profit
before tax shall be allocated in the form of incentives to local Directors and
selected officers so as to encourage them. The allocation shall be in the
following manner:-

(a) Five (5) percent each to Mr Goh Eng Wah and Mr Chua Joon Nam; and

(b) The remaining five (5) percent be allocated to the other three (3) local
Directors and selected officers upon which DKC trusts Mr Chua to allocate the
resources amongst them.

A.C.E. (Singapore) Pte Ltd [signed] Mr. Chua Joon Nam Managing Director |  Daikin Kogyo Co., Ltd. [signed] Mr. K. Mochizuki Representative of Daikin  
Kogyo Co Ltd.  
---|---  
  
17 Subsequently, on 16 September 1983, a letter was sent to Mr T. Morimoto of
the first defendant by the second defendant signed by the plaintiff in his
capacity as Chairman. This letter referred to cl 2 of the Memorandum and
proposed that the incentive scheme for net profit in excess of the first S$1m
should be as follows:

Next S$2 million net profit before tax - 12½%

Over S$3 million net profit before tax - 10%

18 The reply to this letter was dated 14 November 1983 and was signed by Mr T.
Morimoto in his capacity as Director of the first defendant. The letter
confirmed that the applicable percentage to be applied to net profits in
excess of the first S$1m should be 7½%.

19 It is common ground that the Memorandum and the letters dated 16 September
1983 and 14 November 1983 are the only documents evidencing the Incentive
Scheme. However, the rationale for entering into the Incentive Scheme, the
parties to the Incentive Scheme and the terms of the Incentive Scheme are in
dispute and will be addressed in detail below.

**_Events occurring after the first defendant became the majority
shareholder_**

20 Sim sold his shares to Chuas Investment Private Limited in October 1983,
thus putting the ownership of the second defendant in the hands of the first
defendant, the Chua Group and the Goh Group. The plaintiff testified under
cross-examination that CJN had told him (the plaintiff) that Sim would be
selling his shares to CJN prior to the signing of the Memorandum.

21 In 1987, CJN informed the plaintiff that the first defendant wanted to
exercise greater management control. At his request, the plaintiff resigned
the title of Chairman of the second defendant and became Vice-Chairman. CJN
then became Executive Chairman of the second defendant. Prior to that, the
plaintiff’s son (Goh Keng Soon) had likewise resigned as a director of the
second defendant (apparently at the first defendant’s request as it felt he
was not contributing enough to the second defendant). The plaintiff’s son was
a director for the period 1979 to 1987. In addition, the first defendant
requested that the second defendant’s Board of Directors be enlarged to nine
directors, with five to be appointed by the first defendant. Out of the five
directors, two were executive directors – the nominee MD and the nominee Sales
Director.

22 CJN passed away on 17 September 1989. It is not disputed that from 1982 up
to that time, both the plaintiff and CJN had each received one-third of the
portion of the second defendant’s profit that was set aside for distribution
under the Incentive Scheme, save for a small underpayment of $167 in 1985
(probably attributable to a mathematical rounding down of the figures).

23 After 17 September 1989, the third defendant assumed the role as Chairman
of the second defendant in place of his late father and the fourth defendant
continued his role as executive Director. The fifth defendant became an
executive Director in 1990 and at the same time joined the Incentive Scheme.
Prior to that, the fifth defendant was on the Senior Managers’ Scheme, which
awarded an incentive to each senior manager based on 0.9% of the balance of
the second defendant’s gross profit less two-thirds of the adjusted operating
expenses.

24 The amounts distributed under the Incentive Scheme after the passing of CJN
are summarised in the table below:

**Year** |  **Plaintiff** |  **CJN** |  **Third defendant** |  **Fourth defendant** |  **Fifth defendant**  
---|---|---|---|---|---  
**S$** |  **%** |  **S$** |  **%** |  **S$** |  **%** |  **S$** |  **%** |  **S%** |  **%**  
1990 |  132,000 |  33.33 |  66,000 |  16.67 |  108,900 |  27.50 |  89,100 |  22.50 |  - |  -  
1991 |  163,000 |  33.33 |  - |  - |  147,000 |  30.06 |  120,000 |  24.54 |  59,000 |  12.07  
1992 |  83,000 |  31.80 |  - |  - |  76,000 |  29.12 |  62,000 |  23.75 |  40,000 |  15.33  
1993 |  83,000 |  31.09 |  - |  - |  77,000 |  28.84 |  64,000 |  23.97 |  43,000 |  16.10  
1994 |  90,180 |  27.00 |  - |  - |  103,540 |  31.00 |  83,500 |  25.00 |  56,780 |  17.00  
1995 |  24,000 |  15.00 |  - |  - |  57,600 |  36.00 |  46,400 |  29.00 |  32,000 |  20.00  
1996 |  45,000 |  9.91 |  - |  - |  174,000 |  38.33 |  130,000 |  28.63 |  105,000 |  23.13  
1997 |  50,000 |  7.75 |  - |  - |  260,000 |  40.31 |  180,000 |  27.91 |  155,000 |  24.03  
1998 |  50,000 |  5.91 |  - |  - |  350,000 |  41.37 |  236,000 |  27.90 |  210,000 |  24.82  
1999 |  38,000 |  5.29 |  - |  - |  300,000 |  41.78 |  200,000 |  27.86 |  180,000 |  25.07  
2000 |  28,000 |  5.31 |  - |  - |  220,000 |  41.75 |  147,000 |  27.89 |  132,000 |  25.05  
2001 |  35,000 |  5.31 |  - |  - |  275,000 |  41.73 |  184,000 |  27.92 |  165,000 |  25.04  
2002 |  96,667 |  33.33 |  - |  - |  - |  - |  - |  - |  - |  -  
  
The table shows that after the passing of CJN, the plaintiff’s share in the
Incentive Scheme gradually fell, with the exception of 2002 where the
plaintiff demanded full payment (this was after the Chua brothers had resigned
from the second defendant), whereas that of the Chua brothers gradually
increased.

**_Events leading to discovery of the shortfall in payment_**

25 Sometime in 2002, disagreements over how the second defendant ought to be
managed and whether the Incentive Scheme should be replaced caused relations
between the first defendant and the Chua brothers to break down. Consequently,
the first defendant required the resignation of the Chua brothers as
directors. The Chua brothers then instituted Originating Summons No 792 of
2002 (“the OS”) against the first and second defendants for, _inter alia_ ,
compensation for loss of office. However, after negotiations between the
parties, the first defendant agreed to buy out the Chua Group’s shares in the
second defendant for $7m. The OS was then discontinued. Although the third
defendant had approached the plaintiff to join in the negotiations with the
first defendant for a buy-out, the plaintiff decided to maintain a neutral
stance at the time and declined.

26 Subsequently, the first defendant conducted separate negotiations with the
Goh Group to purchase their shares in the second defendant. In the course of
negotiations, the plaintiff through his daughter Min Yen ([4] above) requested
for information and documents concerning payments made to him under the
Incentive Scheme. A table of payments was duly given to the plaintiff and it
was his case that it was then that he realised the discrepancy between the
payments he received and those received by the Chua brothers. The plaintiff
subsequently obtained an order of court for access to and inspection of the
accounting records of the second defendant. The inspection of records was
completed in September 2003 and the plaintiff alleged that it was then that he
discovered a shortfall in the payments made to him under the Incentive Scheme
in 1985 and 1992 to 2001 totalling $1,097,653.00. He claimed the amount in his
writ of summons filed on 14 October 2005.

The pleadings

27 The pleadings of the parties had undergone numerous amendments by the time
the trial commenced. Indeed, amendments to the pleadings were still being made
in the course of the trial (by the plaintiff), after the trial and even after
the close of submissions (by the first defendant).

28 In his statement of claim (first filed on 17 October 2005), the plaintiff
alleged that the Incentive Scheme was an inducement to him, CJN and the other
local shareholders of the second defendant to agree to the first defendant
acquiring a majority interest in the second defendant in 1981. The plaintiff
averred that the Incentive Scheme was partly oral and partly written. Insofar
as it was written, it was evidenced in the Memorandum, the undated variation
in the Memorandum, the letter from the plaintiff to the first defendant dated
15 September 1983 and the first defendant’s reply dated 14 November 1983.
Insofar as it was oral, the plaintiff alleged it was the result of
negotiations between the first defendant and CJN who conducted the
negotiations on his own behalf and on behalf of other local shareholders
including the plaintiff.

29 The plaintiff contended that at all material times, the second defendant
and its shareholders conducted themselves on the basis of mutual trust and
confidence and treated their relationship as a joint venture/partnership. He
alleged he reposed trust and confidence in the defendants to act in good faith
to ensure that the second defendant paid him his dues under the Incentive
Scheme. The plaintiff contended that CJN had assumed the fiduciary obligation
of looking after the plaintiff’s interest in the second defendant which role
the third defendant took over. The plaintiff claimed that the third defendant
was his constructive trustee in respect of the sums wrongfully diverted from
him.

30 The plaintiff further alleged that the shortfall in payments to him were
fraudulently concealed from him and he could not have discovered the same
until after the inspection referred to in [26] above.

31 In the defence that it filed, the first defendant averred that at all
material times, in matters concerning the local shareholders including the
plaintiff, it only dealt with CJN and after CJN’s death, with the third
defendant. The first defendant contended that the Incentive Scheme was agreed
between the first defendant and CJN acting as agent for the local shareholders
(including the plaintiff). It averred that the second defendant was not a
party to the agreement for the Incentive Scheme which was an arrangement
between the first defendant and the local shareholders.

32 The first defendant denied that it and/or the second defendant, with CJN
and subsequently with the third defendant, had determined the total amount to
be paid under the Incentive Scheme or participated in the distribution of the
total amount to be paid under the Incentive Scheme. The total amount to be
paid under the Incentive Scheme was agreed between the parties and the
distribution was decided by CJN and subsequently by the third defendant. The
first defendant denied that it had expressly agreed that the third defendant
would recommend the amount to be allocated to each local director. It pointed
out that all payments made under the Incentive Scheme were approved by the
shareholders (including the plaintiff) of the second defendant at each year’s
AGM and payments were subsequently made by the second defendant directly to
the recipients of the incentive payments including the plaintiff. The first
defendant denied that the third defendant’s recommendations of payments were
approved by the nominee MD appointed by the first defendant.

33 The first defendant alleged that the plaintiff’s claims for incentive
payments for the period from 31 March 1992 to 31 March 1999 were time-barred
as his cause of action accrued more than 6 years prior to the commencement of
these proceedings.

34 In its defence, the second defendant (who was represented in court by its
executive director and general manager Michael Goh Siew Siong [“Goh”]) denied
it was a party to the Incentive Scheme or to the agreement to implement the
Incentive Scheme. It averred that the Incentive Scheme was a scheme relating
to remuneration of the directors of the second defendant and CJN had no
authority to enter into such a scheme or agreement on behalf of the second
defendant without the approval of the general meeting of the second defendant.
No resolution was ever passed by the second defendant approving the Incentive
Scheme for its directors. It adopted the first defendant’s pleading that it
was CJN, and subsequently the third defendant, who determined the allocation
of payments to be made amongst the local directors under the Incentive Scheme.
The second defendant denied it was liable to the plaintiff for the shortfall
in payment of his entitlement. It contended that the plaintiff was estopped
from saying he had not received his full entitlement as the plaintiff left it
to CJN and later the third defendant to allocate the profits under the
Incentive Scheme and had acquiesced in such allocation. The plaintiff was also
furnished with the financial statements of the second defendant at the end of
each financial year and from such information, he could have, with reasonable
diligence, discovered any alleged underpayment. The second defendant raised
the same defence of time-bar as the first defendant.

35 The Chua brothers filed a common defence in which they _inter alia_ :

(a) contended that the Incentive Scheme formed part of the Memorandum entered
into between the first and the second defendants;

(b) denied that the plaintiff was a party to the Memorandum or that CJN
conducted negotiations on behalf of himself and other local shareholders
including the plaintiff;

(c) denied that CJN had assumed any fiduciary obligation vis a vis the
plaintiff as alleged and that the third defendant had taken over the role
after CJN’s passing;

(d) averred that the plaintiff did not at any time tell the third defendant
(with whom he did not have a close relationship) that he reposed complete
trust and confidence in the third defendant to administer the affairs of the
second defendant properly and to ensure that the plaintiff was paid one-third
of the profits under the Incentive Scheme;

(e) contended that if, which was denied, the third defendant owed a fiduciary
obligation to the plaintiff, the third defendant was unaware that his
allocations to the fourth, fifth defendants and to himself were made
wrongfully;

(f) alleged that the first defendant had complained against the plaintiff’s
continued participation in the Incentive Scheme as he made little or no
contribution since the early 1990s;

(g) claimed the first defendant had agreed that the third defendant would
recommend the amount to be allocated to each local director under the
Incentive Scheme subject to the approval of the nominee MD appointed by the
first defendant;

(h) claimed the significant growth of the second defendant and the increase in
its turnover and profits over the years was due to the efforts of the Chua
brothers whose contributions were recognised in the third defendant’s
allocation of profits under the Incentive Scheme; and

(i) averred that in tandem with the increased contribution of the Chua
brothers and the plaintiff’s increasing lack of contribution to the second
defendant, the Chua brothers’ share of profits under the Incentive Scheme
increased since 1992 while the plaintiff’s share was gradually reduced.

36 The issue of estoppel was also pleaded by the Chua brothers together with
the defence of time-bar for part of the plaintiff’s claim amounting to
$765,319/- for the years 1982 to 1999.

The issues

37 The issues that arose for determination in this case were as follows:

(1) Was the plaintiff a party to the agreement for the Incentive Scheme and
entitled to enforce it against the defendants?

(2) Did the Incentive Scheme provide for a fixed proportion of the second
defendant’s profits to be paid out to the plaintiff annually or was it
subsequently varied in 1990 or 1991 to confer on the third defendant the sole
discretion to distribute the allocated amount of the second defendant’s
profits based on the recipients’ contributions to the second defendant?

(3) Did any of the defendants owe a fiduciary duty to the plaintiff to ensure
he received his entitlement under the Incentive Scheme?

(4) Did the plaintiff waive any of his rights to payment under the Incentive
Scheme?

(5) Was the plaintiff estopped from claiming any shortfall in payment under
the Incentive Scheme?

(6) Was the plaintiff’s claim or any part thereof time-barred?

38 I shall proceed to deal with each of the above issues in turn.

**_(1) Was the plaintiff a party to the Incentive Scheme?_**

39 The significance of determining the parties to the Incentive Scheme lay in
the common law doctrine of privity of contract where, as a general rule, a
contract cannot confer rights or impose obligations arising under it on any
person except the parties to it [_Chitty on Contracts_ , vol 1, 29th ed (Sweet
& Maxwell, 2004) at para 18-003 (“ _Chitty on Contracts_ ”)]. The plaintiff
had mounted his claim on the basis that he was a party to the Incentive
Scheme. Should he be found not to be a party to the Incentive Scheme, his
claim would fail _in_ _limine_. Additionally, if any of the defendants were
found to be non-parties to the Incentive Scheme, the plaintiff’s claim against
them would similarly fail.

_(i) The parties’ arguments_

40 The plaintiff’s position was that the Incentive Scheme was partly oral,
partly written and the parties to it were the first defendant, the second
defendant, the Chua Group and the Goh Group, which was equivalent to the
plaintiff. This was because (according to the plaintiff) the Incentive Scheme
was an inducement for the Chua Group and the Goh Group to agree to the first
defendant acquiring a majority shareholding in the second defendant, which was
itself part of a larger arrangement governing the different aspects of the
first defendant taking majority ownership of the second defendant including
board composition, management, directors’ remuneration, and control over
monetary and sales matters. The plaintiff claimed that CJN acted on behalf of
the second defendant, the Chua Group and the Goh Group when he negotiated the
Incentive Scheme and signed the Memorandum evidencing the Incentive Scheme.

41 Although the first and second defendants also took the position that the
Incentive Scheme was an agreement between the shareholders of the second
defendant, they denied that the second defendant was a party to the Incentive
Scheme. This was because CJN did not have the authority to bind the second
defendant in this respect, there being no approval in general meeting as
required by Article 72 of the Articles of Association of the second defendant.
The first defendant also denied that the Incentive Scheme was an inducement
for the local shareholders of the second defendant, but took the stance that
the Incentive Scheme was part of the agreement for its acquisition of majority
shares in the second defendant.

42 The Chua brothers on the other hand alleged that the purpose of the
Incentive Scheme was to encourage the local directors, main officers and other
qualified staff of the second defendant to work towards higher profits, not as
an inducement to the local shareholders. Consequently, their case was that the
plaintiff was not a party to the Incentive Scheme. Rather, it was contended
that the Incentive Scheme was entered into between the first and second
defendants and was contained in the Memorandum before being subsequently
modified by a course of conduct. The Chua brothers denied there was any oral
agreement in respect of the Incentive Scheme.

43 Looking at the evidence in its entirety, I was more persuaded by the
argument that the Incentive Scheme was an agreement between the first
defendant and the local shareholders of the second defendant, in particular
the Goh Group represented by the plaintiff and the Chua Group, in order to
induce or compensate them for allowing the first defendant to become the
majority shareholder in the second defendant. This was the arrangement that
made the most commercial sense and it was largely consistent with the
undisputed facts and the evidence of all the witnesses. I also find that the
second defendant was not a party to the Incentive Scheme. Even though CJN had
signed the Memorandum in his capacity as Managing Director of the second
defendant, this was not conclusive evidence that the second defendant was a
party to the Incentive Scheme. I shall set out the relevant legal principles
before going into the evidence.

_(ii) Legal principles_

44 The parties to an agreement will normally be the persons from whose
communications with each other the agreement has resulted (see Edwin Peel,
_Treitel: Law of Contract_ , 12th ed (Sweet & Maxwell, 2007) at para 14-004;
_Chitty on Contracts_ at para 18-004). However, this was a case where there
was clearly an agreement despite uncertainties as to the parties to it. In
such a situation, the question that arises is whether CJN, in negotiating for
and entering into the Incentive Scheme with the first defendant, acted as
agent for the second defendant, as agent for the local shareholders of the
second defendant, or as agent for the second defendant and its shareholders.
This is a mixed question of fact and law and not simply one of contractual
interpretation. The parties’ arguments concerning whether subsequent conduct
may be admissible to aid in the interpretation of a contract are therefore
only of tangential relevance.

45 Nevertheless, to the extent that I need to examine the Incentive Scheme
document in order to determine the parties to the contract, I am mindful of
the following established principles of contractual interpretation:

(a) the aim of construing a contract is to ascertain the meaning which it
would convey to a reasonable business person;

(b) the court will do so based on an objective approach and from the
standpoint of a reasonable reader;

(c) the court will examine the contract as a whole;

(d) the construction of a contract is determined by the surrounding
circumstances, including the legal, regulatory and factual matrix constituting
the background in which the contract was drafted or the utterance made;

(e) the court will give due consideration to the commercial purpose of the
transaction or provision; and

(f) a construction which entails that the contract and its performance are
lawful and effective is to be preferred: see _Zurich Insurance (Singapore) Pte
Ltd v B-Gold Interior Design & Construction Pte Ltd_ [2008] 3 SLR 1029 at
[125], [131] (“ _Zurich Insurance_ ”).

_(iii) The Incentive Scheme as documented_

46 It is undisputed that the only documents relating to the Incentive Scheme
are the Memorandum and the correspondence referring to it dated 16 September
1983 and 14 November 1983. Looking solely at the Memorandum and the ensuing
correspondence, it is possible to come to the conclusion that the Incentive
Scheme was entered into between the second defendant and the first defendant
because the documents relating to the Incentive Scheme were signed by their
respective representatives, namely Mr Morimoto and Mr Mochizuki for the first
defendant, and CJN (as Managing Director) and the plaintiff (as Chairman) for
the second defendant. However, this would be taking too narrow a view of the
documents and does not consider the factual situation at hand.

47 I start by examining the preamble of the Memorandum, which states:

DAIKIN KOGYO CO. Ltd. (DKC)

and

_Mr. Chua Joon Nam_

discussed and mutually agreed the followings on July 15, 1981.

[emphasis added]

The preamble was significant because it was alleged in this case that CJN was
acting as agent when he negotiated and signed the Memorandum. The plaintiff
gave evidence that he had told CJN to act on his behalf in negotiating with
the first defendant to take a majority stake in the second defendant,
including implementation of the Incentive Scheme. Even though it was not
expressly stated in the contract that the signatory was acting as agent, the
factual matrix surrounding the contract may suggest otherwise (and, as will
later become clearer, does suggest otherwise in this particular case): see
_Thai Kenaf Co Ltd v Keck Seng (S) Pte Ltd_ [1993] 2 SLR 92.

48 It was further pointed out by the second defendant that the preamble in the
Memorandum differed from that of previous agreements between the first
defendant and second defendant, such as the 1972 sole-distributorship
agreement[note: 1] and the 1976 agreement for the first defendant to take up
shares in the second defendant,[note: 2] which stated in their respective
preambles that they were agreements made between “Daikin Kogyo Co. Ltd” and
“A.C.E. (Singapore) Pte Ltd”.

49 Second, in respect of how the documents were signed, as a matter of
principle, it was not correct to say that when a director of a company signs a
contract he necessarily does so on behalf of the company of whom he is a
director. The Chua brothers’ reliance on _Smith v Anderson_ (1880) 15 Ch D 247
was misplaced because the statement made in that case, that a director who
signs an agreement as director “never enters into a contract for himself, but
he enters into contracts for his principal, that is for the company…”, was
concerned solely with differentiating between a trustee and director and not
the effect of a director’s signature. In any case, they conceded that
extrinsic evidence may be admissible to identify a contracting party whose
identity is unclear on the face of the documents, which I find to be the case
here. Consequently, the case of _Koh Kia Hiong v Guo Enterprises Pte Ltd_
[1989] SLR 1166, which was cited by the Chua brothers for the proposition that
when a managing-director signs a document he does so on behalf of his company,
is distinguishable because it dealt with a situation where the capacity in
which a managing-director had signed a contract was clear. In that case, the
contract was signed “acting as Managing Director”. Here, the signature
portions of the Memorandum and the following correspondence did not clearly
state that the signatories were acting on behalf of their company. The earlier
agreements between the first and second defendants provided a good reference
point.

50 In the 1972 sole-distributorship agreement, the parties signed off as
follows:

_IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed these presents as of the
day and year first above written._

_CONTRACTED_ [emphasis added]

_A.C.E. (SINGAPORE) PTE. LTD._ [signed] ____________________________ Chua Joon Nam. Managing Director. |  _DAIKIN KOGYO CO., LTD._ [signed] _______________________ Takehiko Ohta Managing Director.  
---|---  
  
The 1976 agreement for the first defendant to take up shares in the second
defendant contained the following:

IN WITNESS WHEREOF the parties hereto have hereunto set their hands and seals
the day and year first above written.

Signed by MR. CHUA JOON NAM the Managing Director of A.C.E. (SINGAPORE) PTE. LTD. For and on behalf of A.C.E. (SINGAPORE) PTE. LTD. In the presence of Signed by MR. MINORY YAMADA the President of DAIKIN KOGYO CO. LTD. For and on behalf of DAIKIN KOGYO Co. Ltd. In the presence of |    
[signed by Chua Joon Nam] [signed by the third defendant]  
  
[signed by Mr Yamada] [signed by Mr Morimoto]  
---|---  
  
This comparison suggests that the Memorandum was ambiguous as to whether the
signatories thereto were the only intended parties.

51 Third, in respect of the ensuing correspondence referring to the
Memorandum, it was revealed in cross-examination of the plaintiff that the
letter dated 16 September 1983 was prepared by CJN who had asked the plaintiff
to sign it.[note: 3] The plaintiff did not read English and did not know on
whose behalf he was writing the letter.[note: 4] This was not rebutted by any
contradictory evidence from the defendants. I therefore think little weight
should be attached to how the plaintiff signed the letter dated 16 September
1983.

52 Finally, looking at the Memorandum as a whole, it was evident that it
recorded agreements on a variety of topics and was not an entire agreement in
itself. This contrasted with previous contracts concerning only the first and
second defendants like the agreement for sole-distributorship in 1972 and the
agreement to take up shares in the second defendant in 1976, which appeared to
be comprehensive and drafted with legal advice. The topics canvassed by the
Memorandum also included the remuneration of directors, which was a matter for
the shareholders of the second defendant to decide, based on Article 72 of the
second defendant’s Articles of Association. This suggested that in order for
the agreement to have efficacy, it was more likely than not that the
shareholders were parties to the Memorandum and consequently the Incentive
Scheme. Conversely, all the issues dealt with in the Memorandum did not
require the assent of the second defendant. I observe at this stage that this
coheres with the plaintiff’s theory of an all-encompassing arrangement of
shareholders covering different aspects of the first defendant taking up a
majority stake in the second defendant, rather than the Chua brothers’ theory
of the Incentive Scheme being an agreement between the first and second
defendant and there being separate agreements for all the different issues
amongst different parties.

53 It was not disputed that the Memorandum that described the Incentive Scheme
was entered into on the same day that the 800,000 new shares were issued to
the first defendant. At the same time, the issues relating to the management
of the second defendant, who had the final say in financial matters, and the
remuneration of the first defendant’s nominees in the second defendant were
discussed and resolved. This could not have been a coincidence. Rather, these
series of events pointed to the Incentive Scheme being related to the
agreement between the local shareholders to give up their share entitlement. I
do not believe the third defendant’s testimony that although the above-
mentioned issues were discussed at the same time, they were resolved via
separate agreements amongst different parties. First, this would be
inconsistent with the evidence because the Affidavits of Evidence-in-Chief
(“the AEIC”) of the Chua brothers described a holistic approach to all the
issues where the first defendant would be allowed to take a majority stake in
the second defendant but that the management of the second defendant would
remain with the existing directors and the directors would receive a
percentage of the profits made by the second defendant.[note: 5] Second, from
a commercial and practical perspective, this would not have been likely and
the third defendant made this abundantly clear during cross-examination when
he described the different parties to each of the agreements arrived at on all
the issues mentioned earlier.

54 Furthermore, the third defendant conceded that at the time when the first
defendant was being invited to take a majority stake in the second defendant,
neither the second defendant nor the two Chua directors had much bargaining
power because of the second defendant’s poor financial position under the
management of the Chuas. This made a holistic approach towards negotiation
more sensible than taking each issue separately. Nevertheless, the third
defendant’s explanation of why the first defendant offered and agreed to the
Incentive Scheme was as follows:

You see, Mr Morimoto, who was a signatory to that memo, was representing the
first defendant at that time, as far as our business was concerned, and when
my father and I approached him, he was keen for the company to change
direction. In fact, he was the one who helped the company in its darkest
moments when we suffered losses in Indonesia and also in the contracting
business. He liked the new model and he said he would persuade his top
management to put in more money and help us, because there were opportunities
for them to sell more products than under the contracting business.

It was at such a meeting that Mr Morimoto said to me, “The company has been
losing money. If you can turn it around, we would like to share some of the
profit with you” and, based on that, he agreed to take up a majority, because
he believed in my father, despite the troubles we had. In fact, he saw that
the business from 1966 until 1981, my father and the family, the children
laboured for Daikin.[note: 6]

55 Unfortunately, Mr Morimoto was not called to testify in court. Even so, on
the third defendant’s evidence, I was prepared to accept that Mr Morimoto had
a close relationship with CJN. However, it seems highly improbable that Mr
Morimoto who represented the interests of the first defendant would readily
give up the bargaining advantage of the first defendant solely because of his
personal belief in CJN and, in doing so, bind the first defendant to agree
indefinitely to a fixed proportion of the second defendant’s profit before tax
being distributed annually to the plaintiff and CJN.

56 It was common ground that there was no board resolution authorising the
second defendant to enter into any agreement with the first defendant
concerning the Incentive Scheme or any board meeting to discuss the matter.
This was another factor pointing to the second defendant not being a party to
the Incentive Scheme and that it concerned only the local shareholders of the
second defendant (including the Goh Group and the Chua Group). Although the
plaintiff argued that because the second defendant was run informally and a
board resolution was not required so long as a majority of the directors of
the second defendant assented, I do not think this argument was supported on
the evidence. First, there was evidence that there were numerous directors’
resolutions in respect of share transfers, the appointment of directors, the
acceptance of banking facilities and other banking matters. These were all
matters to which the second defendant was party. There was also a directors’
resolution before the second defendant entered into the 1976 share purchase
agreement with the first defendant. The third defendant (who was the second
defendant’s Company Secretary at the material time) further conceded in cross-
examination that where a company undertakes liability its decision must be
documented, and that a directors’ resolution would have made it clear that the
second defendant was a party to the Incentive Scheme.[note: 7] In the light of
this and the absence of a directors’ resolution in respect of or any meeting
to discuss the Incentive Scheme, it is unlikely that the second defendant was
an intended party to the Incentive Scheme. Further, and in any event, there
was no evidence that there was assent from a majority of the directors (who at
the time were Mr Shiei Nishimura, the plaintiff, the plaintiff’s son, CJN, the
third defendant and the fourth defendant) in respect of the second defendant
being a party to the Incentive Scheme save for the third defendant’s
insistence that he knew that the second defendant was a party. The plaintiff’s
evidence and that of the fourth defendant on this point was equivocal. In any
case, both were not involved in the negotiations for the Incentive Scheme.

_(iv) Purpose of the Incentive Scheme_

57 It was undeniable that at the material time, the co-operation of the
plaintiff (who controlled the Goh Group) and the Chua Group was required in
order for the first defendant to assume a majority stake in the second
defendant by way of a rights issue. Just before the first defendant assumed
majority control, the Goh Group owned 495,000 shares (30.94%), the first
defendant 475,000 shares (29.69%), and the Chua Group 380,000 shares (23.75%).
Sim held 250,000 shares (15.63%). When the second defendant issued 800,000 new
shares in 1981, the Goh Group was entitled to 247,500 new shares, the first
defendant 237,500 new shares, the Chua Group 190,000 new shares and Sim
125,000 new shares. If the plaintiff did not agree to the first defendant
taking a majority stake in the second defendant and caused the Goh Group to
take up the 247,500 new shares, even if the rest of the shareholders agreed to
refrain from taking up their new shares, the first defendant would only hold
1,027,500 shares, or approximately 42.81% of the total shareholding of 2.4
million shares. It would not have been able to gain a majority in the second
defendant as desired. Similarly, if the Chua Group did not refrain from taking
up its proportion of the new shares, the first defendant would not have been
able to secure a majority stake. Thus, it made eminent sense for the Incentive
Scheme to have been entered into between the first defendant, the plaintiff
and the Chua Group to persuade them to give up, and compensate them for giving
up, their entitlement to the new shares. It is unsurprising that Sim was not a
party to the Incentive Scheme because his consent was immaterial. The third
defendant testified that CJN did not consult Sim about the Incentive Scheme.

58 The third defendant himself agreed in cross-examination that in order for
the first defendant become the majority shareholder in the second defendant,
the consent of the plaintiff was required so that the plaintiff would renounce
the rights issue.[note: 8] The third defendant also agreed that his father,
CJN had discussed the matter with the plaintiff to persuade the plaintiff that
it was best for everybody if the first defendant became a majority shareholder
in the second defendant. This was consistent with the plaintiff’s evidence
that sometime in early 1981, CJN informed the plaintiff that the first
defendant wanted to become a majority shareholder in the second defendant and
told him of the benefits to the first defendant becoming a majority
shareholder, including improved trade credit terms and the provision of
financing. The plaintiff’s evidence was that it was after this discussion that
he and CJN agreed that the first defendant could become a majority shareholder
if the first defendant agreed that a certain percentage of the second
defendant’s net profit before tax each year would be paid over, primarily, to
him and CJN. The plaintiff had asked CJN to negotiate on his behalf.

59 Although the third defendant did change his evidence later, by saying that
in CJN’s discussion with the plaintiff, CJN was not persuading the plaintiff
to renounce his shares, but rather telling the plaintiff that unless the
plaintiff wished to put in more money they would have to let the first
defendant come in as majority, such evidence was not convincing. As pointed
out by counsel for the plaintiff, in cross-examination of the third defendant,
this could not be true because the third defendant had accepted that the first
defendant was needed _in particular_ as majority shareholder in order for the
second defendant’s planned change of business model to be successful. The
plaintiff could not have provided the better trade credit terms and financial
support that the first defendant could as the first defendant was the
manufacturer of the products the second defendant was distributing. In any
event, I preferred the evidence of the plaintiff who was present at the
meeting, over the evidence of the third defendant who merely heard from his
father before the actual meeting, and who on the second day of cross-
examination, changed his position in response to another line of questioning
to say that the plaintiff only found out about the Incentive Scheme after the
event when his father informed the plaintiff about it.[note: 9]

60 On the second day of cross-examination the third defendant changed his
stance yet again and denied agreeing that the plaintiff’s consent was required
for the first defendant to assume a majority shareholding; he explained this
by saying that he and his father had a backup plan should they fail to obtain
the plaintiff’s consent – the Chua Group and the first defendant could co-
operate to pass an ordinary resolution to issue 800,000 new shares to the
plaintiff under Article 43of the second defendant’s Articles of Association.
Article 43provided that:

_Subject to any direction to the contrary that may be given by the company in
general meeting_ , all new shares shall, before issue, be offered to such
persons as at the date of the offer are entitled to receive notices from the
company of general meetings in proportion, as nearly as nearly as the
circumstances admit, to the amount of the existing shares to which they are
entitled… [if the offer is declined,] the Directors may disposed of those
shares in such manner as they think most beneficial to the company… [emphasis
added]

This evidence of a back-up plan was not believable. Leaving aside its
unfeasibility, I found it difficult to accept that CJN had such a back-up plan
in his mind because it necessitated riding roughshod over the plaintiff’s
wishes, which would be inconsistent with the long and close friendship between
the plaintiff and CJN. I therefore reject the third defendant’s subsequent
evidence in favour of his original answers.

61 My view that the Incentive Scheme was an inducement for the Chua Group and
Goh Group to renounce the second defendant’s rights issue and allow the first
defendant to become a majority shareholder and was not an encouragement for
the local directors to work hard, was further supported by the fact that the
terms of the Incentive Scheme were not designed to reward performance but
awarded a fixed share to the plaintiff and CJN. This took place right from the
first distribution carried out pursuant to the Incentive Scheme for financial
year 1982.

62 Rather, the Incentive Scheme rewarded the shareholders cum directors of the
second defendant, as reflected in the description of it in internal office
documents concerning the allocation of profits under the Incentive Scheme that
were signed by the third defendant. These documents referred to the Incentive
Scheme as a “Local Director’s/Shareholders Incentive Scheme”, “Local
Shareholders’ Incentive Scheme” and “Local Shareholders’/Directors’ Incentive
Scheme”.[note: 10]

63 Although it was possible that the Incentive Scheme could be _used_ to
encourage the executive Directors of the second defendant to work hard, it was
not _intended_ for that purpose. Significantly, not all the executive
directors of the second defendant received a share of profits under the
Incentive Scheme. Goh (2DW1), who was an executive Director of the second
defendant since 1997, never participated in the Incentive Scheme but remained
in the Senior Managers’ Incentive Scheme. He gave evidence that it never
occurred to him that he should be transferred to the Incentive Scheme because
he was not a shareholder of the second defendant.[note: 11] In contrast, the
fifth defendant, who was deemed a shareholder because he was a beneficiary of
a portion of his father’s shares in the second defendant, was migrated to the
Incentive Scheme when he became an executive Director. Consistent with Goh’s
understanding, the third defendant in his third affidavit filed in the OS
stated at [79]:

When Michael, _who is not a shareholder_ , became an executive Director in
1997, he continued on the same Senior Managers’ Incentive Scheme… The third
Applicant [meaning the fifth defendant] was transferred out of the Senior
Managers’ Incentive Scheme to the Executive Directors’ Incentive Scheme in
1992, _as he was deemed to have an interest, under my late father’s estate_.
[emphasis added]

Although the third defendant under cross-examination denied that what he meant
in his earlier affidavit was that Goh could not join the Incentive Scheme
because he was not a shareholder, he was unable to explain what he actually
meant and attempted to prevaricate by arguing that Goh would have suffered
under the Incentive Scheme because it was a fixed pie. I was not convinced
that the third defendant had made a mistake in his earlier affidavit. I noted
that the plaintiff’s son, who had received payments under the Incentive Scheme
as an executive director was not a shareholder. This did not detract from my
view of the Incentive Scheme because it was within the discretion of CJN to
have allocated the plaintiff’s son a share of the profits. The plaintiff
testified that it was CJN who asked the plaintiff’s son to be an executive
director[note: 12] and this was consistent with the close friendship between
the plaintiff and CJN and not inconsistent with the plaintiff’s case.

64 Further, during the negotiations between the Chua directors and the first
defendant regarding the removal of the existing Incentive Scheme and the
formalisation of a formal joint venture agreement, the Chua brothers had taken
the position that the Incentive Scheme was a condition to the first
defendant’s taking up majority shareholding in the second defendant, and was
an agreement between the shareholders. This was recorded contemporaneously in
minutes and letters by the first defendant, who certainly had no reason to
fabricate these statements. For example, in a business report prepared by Mr
Tomoda on 19 February 1990 concerning a trip to Singapore to negotiate the
elimination of the Incentive Scheme, under the section “Chua family’s
arguments”, it was recorded that:

_The Incentive Scheme was agreed to as part of the fundamental prerequisites
for the joint venture, when Daikin became the majority shareholder in 1981._
We will not accept eliminating it, especially because it was introduced under
Daikin’s initiative.[note: 13] [emphasis added]

Additionally, in a letter dated 15 November 2001 sent by the first defendant
to the third defendant describing a meeting held on 13 November 2001, the
fourth defendant was recorded as being “of the view that the incentive scheme
[was] _a matter between shareholders_ and was a matter of their right and
entitlement” [emphasis added].[note: 14] These records cast doubt on the Chua
brothers’ credibility.

65 Although the third and fourth defendants denied taking such a position and
challenged the accuracy of the record in this respect, I am not persuaded by
their present denial when they did not raise the issue previously and when
they took a similar position in the OS (see below). It appeared that it was
only in the present proceedings that the Chua brothers insisted that the
Incentive Scheme was a stand-alone agreement between the first and second
defendants.

66 The Chua brothers’ stance in the OS indicated that they were parties to the
Incentive Scheme and possessed enforceable rights against the first defendant
pursuant to the Incentive Scheme. There, they claimed damages for the wrongful
repudiation of their employment agreements with the second defendant and it
was pleaded that:

insofar as the employment agreements were oral, they were made in meetings
held in 1981 between, inter alia, the late Chua Joon Nam _acting on behalf of
the Applicants [i.e. the Chua brothers] and the representatives of the [first
defendant]_ … and insofar as the agreements were made in writing, the said
agreements were contained in or evidence by inter alia, a Memorandum of
Agreement dated 15 July 1981…

67 The characterisation of the Incentive Scheme as part of an employment
agreement was immaterial, what was important was that the Chua brothers in the
OS mounted their case on the basis that CJN had negotiated the Incentive
Scheme on their behalf and that was contained in the Memorandum.
Unsurprisingly, when this was drawn to the third defendant’s attention under
cross-examination, he disagreed and said that the application in the OS was
“wrongly drafted”.[note: 15] In re-examination, the third defendant referred
to the supporting affidavit he filed in the OS where he said that the
Memorandum was “entered into between the Company [i.e. the second defendant]
and the [first defendant]” as explaining his true position in the
matter.[note: 16] I do not accept the third defendant’s explanation. Read in
context, the quoted phrase did not mean that the parties to the Memorandum
were the first and second defendants; rather, “entered into” was descriptive
of the fact that the Memorandum was signed by representatives of the first and
second defendants. Other portions of his affidavit confirmed this reading
because the third defendant consistently described the Incentive Scheme as “a
condition of the agreement when the [first defendant] took majority
shareholding in 1981”, and being the right and entitlement of the Chua
brothers under the “joint venture agreement” between the first defendant and
“Singaporean interests, represented by the Chua Group and the Goh Group”, that
is, the Incentive Scheme was part of an agreement between the shareholders of
the second defendant.[note: 17]

68 I also found it telling that the first defendant stated in its pleadings
that the Incentive Scheme “was part of the agreement for the acquisition of
majority shares in the second defendant by the first defendant”.[note: 18] The
first defendant took the position, similar to the plaintiff, that the
Incentive Scheme was an agreement between the shareholders of the second
defendant, which included the plaintiff. This concession was against the first
defendant’s own interests and I am inclined to believe it was true.

69 In my view, the Chua brothers were blowing hot and cold in their testimony
and were not credible witnesses on this issue. In the light of the instances
detailed above, their theory that the Incentive Scheme had nothing to do with
the local shareholders of the second defendant but was an arrangement entered
into between the second defendant and the first defendant to encourage the
directors of the second defendant to work hard to turn in a profit, did not
ring true.

_(v) Findings_

70 Because the Incentive Scheme as documented did not clearly indicate who the
parties to it were, the court had to examine the surrounding factual
circumstances and the purpose of the Incentive Scheme to determine objectively
who were the true parties to the same. I found that these consisted of
shareholders of the second defendant, that is, the first defendant, the
plaintiff (who may be equated to the Goh Group), and the Chua Group (which
included CJN, the third defendant and the fourth defendant).

**_(2) Did the Incentive Scheme provide for a fixed proportion of the second
defendant’s profits to be paid out to the plaintiff annually or was it
subsequently varied in 1990-1991 at the third defendant’s sole discretion?_**

71 Having determined the parties to the Incentive Scheme, I now come to the
second issue of what the terms of the Incentive Scheme were, in particular,
whether the documented Incentive Scheme, which provided for a fixed proportion
of the second defendant’s profits to be paid out to the plaintiff every year,
was subsequently varied in 1990 or 1991 to confer on the third defendant the
sole discretion to distribute the allocated amount of the second defendant’s
profits based on the recipients’ contributions to the second defendant.

_(i) The parties’ arguments_

72 The plaintiff said that he was entitled to a fixed sum of one-third of the
profit to be distributed in accordance with the undated variation recorded on
the Memorandum. This was because he was a founding father of the second
defendant and had made numerous contributions to the second defendant in its
early years. The first and second defendants largely aligned themselves with
the plaintiff in this regard.

73 The Chua brothers accepted the plaintiff’s formula for sharing the profit
incentive only as it was recorded in the undated variation to the Memorandum.
However, they argued that there was no reason to apply the same distribution
in respect of the 7.5% of the profits in excess of $1 million where the
purpose of the Incentive Scheme was to encourage the local directors to
contribute to the profits of the second defendant. Additionally, they alleged
that the Incentive Scheme had been varied some time in 1990 or 1991 after the
passing of CJN to allow: (1) the third defendant to recommend the amount of
incentive to be allocated to each of the local directors based, _inter alia_ ,
on their contributions to the second defendant (it was the Chua brothers’ case
that the plaintiff ceased to contribute to the second defendant from 1992
onwards); (2) the nominee MD and/or the Senior Managing Director appointed by
the first defendant to approve the third defendant’s recommendations; and (3)
the shareholders of the second defendant to give their final approval at the
AGMs. According to the Chua brothers, the variation was evidenced by or could
be inferred from: (1) internal memoranda from 1992 to 2001 where the
distribution of profit incentives was recommended by the third defendant and
approved by the nominee MD; and (2) payment vouchers in respect of payments
under the varied incentive scheme from 1992-2001 in accordance with the
internal memoranda. The third defendant also said that he persuaded Mr Omata
to keep CJN’s portion of the profit incentive scheme within the pool for
distribution because he and the fifth defendant would assume CJN’s roles in
the company.

74 It was common ground that the Memorandum provided for one-third of 15% of
the first $1m of the second defendant’s net profit before tax to be
distributed to the plaintiff and CJN. In the light of this clear express
provision, the Chua brothers’ argument that there was an implied term
requiring contribution before payment may be made was bound to fail. The
statement in the Memorandum that the profit incentives were for “local
Directors and selected officers so as to encourage them”, did not in any way
mandate that contribution to the company was a precondition for the allocation
of incentive payments. In fact, there was no evidence to suggest that CJN had
allocated payments under the Incentive Scheme based on contribution.

75 In respect of the 7.5% of the second defendant’s net profit before tax in
excess of $1m, no express provision was made for its allocation. Nonetheless,
it may be implied from the ensuing course of conduct that the parties to the
Incentive Scheme had agreed to allocate it in the same way as the 15% of the
first $1m of the second defendant’s net profit before tax. From 1983 to 1991,
just after the passing of CJN, the plaintiff had received one-third of any
amount that was available for distribution, even where the profits of the
second defendant exceeded $1m. It was only after CJN’s passing that things
began to change. As will be elaborated below, this change was unilaterally
effected by the third defendant in clear opposition to the terms of the
Memorandum without consulting the other parties to the Incentive Scheme.

76 The Chua brothers relied on _Churchward v The Queen_ (1865) 1 QB 173 to
argue that the one-third formula of allocation ought not to be applied to the
profits in excess of $1m where there was no express provision to that effect.
In that case, the court refused to imply a covenant into an existing agreement
that would require the Crown to engage the plaintiff’s services to carry mail
between certain ports for the term of eleven years, whatever the circumstances
that might arise, without anything on the face of the instrument to indicate
that the Crown intended as much. That case, as the plaintiff correctly argued,
is distinguishable. Here, it was apparent from the Memorandum that the parties
intended a fixed one-third of the profits available for distribution to be
allocated to the plaintiff in respect of the first $1m of profits. The
following conduct showed that this same formula was applied to the profits in
excess of $1m.

77 As for the Chua brothers’ contention that there was little commercial
justification for awarding a fixed percentage of the incentive payments to the
plaintiff who was a non-executive Director, this was a bald assertion and ran
contrary to the express terms of the Memorandum.

78 I therefore find that one of the terms of the Incentive Scheme was that one
third of the total profits available for distribution would be allocated to
the plaintiff by CJN.

79 The third defendant accepted that had there been no variation to the
Incentive Scheme as alleged, he would have been in breach of the documented
Incentive Scheme. This concession reinforced my finding that contribution was
never required as a condition of incentive payment under the terms of the
Incentive Scheme. The burden to prove an intention on the part of all the
parties to vary the Incentive Scheme as well as the precise terms of the
varied Incentive Scheme lay squarely on the Chua brothers’ shoulders. However
they failed to convince me that there was in fact such a variation.

80 One pillar of the Chua brothers’ case was that the variation to the
Incentive Scheme was brought about because the first defendant had expressed
dissatisfaction with it; in particular, Mr Tomoda of the first defendant had
complained that the plaintiff appeared to be receiving one-third share of the
profit incentives for nothing. As a result, the Chua brothers met and agreed
amongst themselves that the profit incentive would be distributed to the local
Directors according to their respective contributions. It was their case that
the first defendant implicitly agreed to this method of allocation.

81 I disbelieve the evidence of the Chua brothers on this point. The first
defendant took the position that the Incentive Scheme had not been varied.
Again, this concession was made against its own interest. Although Mr Tomoda
admitted under cross-examination that the Incentive Scheme had been varied
after CJN’s death because the plaintiff was no longer receiving one-third of
the profits available for distribution, this was merely an observation of the
factual situation and did not run counter to his company’s case that he had
not agreed to any variation or amendment to the Incentive Scheme.

82 Mr Tomoda, however, candidly agreed with the Chua brothers that the first
defendant was not happy with the Incentive Scheme and that there had been
negotiations about removing the Incentive Scheme after CJN’s passing. One of
the issues discussed was that too much of the second defendant’s profits were
being distributed under the Incentive Scheme. This was documented in a
contemporaneous business report prepared by Mr Tomoda on 19 February 1990
after a business trip to Singapore between 14-16 February 1990, which stated
as follows:[note: 19]

(1) Daikin’s arguments (to highlight problems with the Incentive Scheme)

The Incentive Scheme may cause unnecessary suspicion for both sides. For
instance,

(1) If Daikin raises product prices, the Chua family may suspect that the
price hike is intended to reduce the Incentive Scheme.

(2) If the Chua family is opposed to the price hike, based on such
misunderstanding, Daikin may assume that their opposition is based on their
desire to increase the Incentive Scheme, rather than on market conditions…

(3) If ACE does not gear up to increase sales of packages targeted by Daikin,
Daikin may suspect that ACE is refusing to do so, as it will result in a
decline in the Incentive Scheme…

(4) If the Incentive Scheme increases as a result of larger-than-expected gain
on foreign exchange, Daikin may conclude that the foreign exchange market was
intentionally taken into account in drawing up the budget… boosting the
Incentive Scheme as a result…

…

_The Incentive Scheme is the seed of mutual misfortune in this sense and
Daikin would like (the Chua family) to consider eliminating it, especially as
more than 100 million yen has already been paid as the Incentive Scheme._
[emphasis added]

Mr Tomoda denied that any unhappiness was targeted at the plaintiff’s receipt
of one-third allocation under the Incentive Scheme and this was consistent
with his business report as well. Additionally, the third defendant’s own
memorandum, which was prepared contemporaneously, did not contradict the first
defendant’s case:[note: 20]

_PATTERN OF DAIKIN’S BEHAVIOUR_

…

5\. Wants profit ending 31.3.1990 to be adjusted downward to reduce local
Directors’ incentives.

6\. Wants to take away local Directors incentives.

...

8\. Accuses Local Directors of cheating on forex gain.

9\. Suspects Local Directors of cheating on Incentive Scheme for local
Directors.

…

11\. Tries to get rid of Eng Wah [plaintiff] from BOD.

12\. Tries to split Eng Wah [plaintiff] and Chua Group.

…

It was apparent that even in the third defendant’s own note the plaintiff was
not referred to in the context of the Incentive Scheme, but as part of the
discussion on management control. I preferred Mr Tomoda’s evidence to that of
the Chua brothers as being the most consistent with contemporaneous documents.

83 The Chua brothers’ case that the first defendant’s complaints prompted the
variation to the Incentive Scheme was further illogical because the alleged
variation in no way benefited the first defendant nor addressed its concerns
as set out in Mr Tomoda’s business report. The variation, described above at
[73], merely changed the way the profit incentive was allocated and did not
affect let alone reduce, the amount of profit incentive allocated. The
variation also did nothing to lessen the suspicion the Incentive Scheme had
created between the first defendant and the Chua brothers.

84 Another reason I was not convinced that there was a variation to the
Incentive Scheme as described by the Chua brothers was that the subsequent
factual occurrences did not bear out the alleged new terms of the Incentive
Scheme.

85 First, the allocation was supposed to have been recommended by the third
defendant based on the amount of contributions of the local directors. Yet,
although the third defendant’s case was that the plaintiff effectively made no
contributions to the second defendant by 1992, he continued to allocate 31.09%
to the plaintiff in the financial year ended 1993, 27.00% in the following
year, and 15.00% in 1995. It therefore cannot be that the Incentive Scheme had
been modified to require the third defendant to distribute the profits of the
second defendant based on the contributions of the local directors cum
shareholders.

86 Second, the nominee MD or the Senior Managing Director appointed by the
first defendant was supposed to have approved the third defendant’s
recommended allocations based on the internal memoranda from 1992-2001. This
did not appear to have been so. For one, the allocation sheets for the years
1993, 1994, 1995, 1997, 2000 and 2001 in evidence before the court were not
signed by the nominee MD (the 1996 allocation sheet was not available in
court). These allocation sheets were either completely unsigned, or signed
solely by the third defendant. Of particular interest were the allocation
sheets for the years 2000 and 2001 which were in a different format from the
earlier sheets. Whereas the earlier sheets would state the net profit for the
year, how much was available for distribution and the distribution of the
incentive payments to the various directors, before ending with “Approved By:”
and leave a space for two signatures, the 2001 sheet was in the form of a memo
from the third defendant to the nominee MD. It included the following:[note:
21]

Based on the above amount of $[…] approved at our AGM on […]. _I have decided_
the distribution to the shareholders/Directors in the following manner:
[emphasis added]

…

Regards

[signed]

Robert Chua Teck Chew

Executive Chairman

Although the third defendant described this as a mere format change insisted
upon by the Japanese, in my view it was more likely than not that the change
better reflected the true allocation process for incentive payments after the
passing of CJN, _i.e._ it became the responsibility of the third defendant,
who took over his father’s role, under cl 1 of the Incentive Scheme, to
allocate the incentive payments in accordance with the terms of the Incentive
Scheme.

87 Third, the Chua brothers also said that the shareholders of the second
defendant approved the allocation of the incentive payments at the company’s
AGMs. Again, this could not have occurred on the facts and therefore could not
have been one of the varied terms of the Incentive Scheme. During the AGMs of
the second defendant, the specified amounts to be allocated to each individual
director were not available. All that was approved was the global sum of the
profits that would be distributed to the directors as incentive payments.
Hence, it cannot be said that the shareholders of the second defendant
approved the allocation of the incentive payments at the company’s AGMs.

88 In any event, based on my earlier finding that the plaintiff was a party to
the Incentive Scheme, his consent ought to have been sought before any alleged
variation could be valid as against him; likewise, the other parties to the
Incentive Scheme. The plaintiff testified that he knew of no variation to the
Incentive Scheme, neither did the witnesses of the first defendant. The third
defendant, however, insisted that he had spoken to the plaintiff about the
alleged variation in 1991 and that Mr Omata (who represented the first
defendant) had expressly agreed to it. I reject the third defendant’s evidence
for the following reasons. First, the alleged approval of the plaintiff and Mr
Omata was not the Chua brothers’ pleaded case, which was instead premised on a
course of conduct that occurred over a period of time. Second, there was
corroborative evidence from Goh that, some time in 1993 or 1994, he noticed
that the plaintiff appeared to be receiving less than the stipulated one-third
and he raised the issue with the third defendant. According to Goh, the third
defendant’s response was that the payment was correct and that he would speak
to the plaintiff about it, suggesting that he had not as yet spoken to the
plaintiff. Third, the issue of the Incentive Scheme having been varied did not
arise till late in the day. It was not raised in the OS even though it would
have been relevant to the issue of the Chua brothers’ entitlement to incentive
payments. Rather, the first mention of it took place in a letter dated 5
October 2005 from the Chua brothers’ solicitors to the plaintiff’s solicitors
which set out their defence for this suit.

_(ii) Findings_

89 The only valid variation to the Incentive Scheme after CJN’s passing was
the third defendant’s assumption of CJN’s role in the allocation of payments
which the parties did not dispute. All other variations took place at the
third defendant’s initiative – there was no approval by the other parties to
the Incentive Scheme let alone the plaintiff. I therefore find that the
plaintiff remained entitled to a fixed proportion of one-third of the profits
of the second defendant that were set aside for distribution under the
Incentive Scheme. Having taken over CJN’s role after his death, including that
under the Incentive Scheme, it was the obligation of the third defendant to
distribute the profit incentive in accordance with the Incentive Scheme.
Although it may have been true that it was the work and effort of the Chua
brothers that drove the company and thereby increased the second defendant’s
profits, this factor was irrelevant in changing the terms of the Incentive
Scheme.

**_(3) Did any of the defendants owe a fiduciary duty to the plaintiff to
ensure he received his entitlement under the Incentive Scheme?_**

90 Having found that the first defendant and the Chua brothers were amongst
the parties to the Incentive Scheme and that one of the terms of the Incentive
Scheme was that the plaintiff was to receive one-third of the profits
available for distribution annually, I turn next to determine the nature of
their obligations vis-à-vis the plaintiff. It was in this context that the
plaintiff raised the issue of whether any of the defendants owed him fiduciary
duties to ensure that he received payment according to the terms of the
Incentive Scheme.

_(i) The parties’ arguments_

91 The plaintiff’s pleaded case at [29] was that he reposed trust and
confidence in the first defendant and the Chua brothers, who jointly managed
the second defendant, to act in good faith and to ensure that the second
defendant made payments to him in accordance with the terms of the Incentive
Scheme. The plaintiff stated that the second defendant and its shareholders
had conducted themselves on the basis of mutual trust and confidence and
treated their relationship _qua_ the second defendant as a joint venture or
partnership – the first defendant was to ensure that the second defendant was
properly managed while the Chua brothers were to safeguard the interests of
the minority shareholders including the plaintiff.

92 In particular, the plaintiff claimed that the third defendant had taken
over from CJN the fiduciary obligation of looking after his interest in the
second defendant (since it was CJN who had persuaded the plaintiff to
contribute to the business of the second defendant and the plaintiff reposed
complete trust and confidence in him) and of ensuring that the plaintiff was
paid his share under the Incentive Scheme.

93 The first defendant and the Chua brothers (but not the second defendant, as
it was not a party to the Incentive Scheme) denied that they owed the
plaintiff any fiduciary duties in respect of the Incentive Scheme. In the case
of the first defendant, it was because it had no special relationship with the
plaintiff or even any direct contact at all with the plaintiff until some time
in 2001 or 2002, when the first defendant wanted support from the plaintiff in
respect of the proposed joint-venture agreement. The first defendant argued
that its only role was to approve the payments that were decided by the third
defendant and it had no reason to suspect that the payments were being
allocated wrongly. In respect of the third defendant, his counsel argued that
he had hardly any contact with the plaintiff and had not assumed any
responsibility towards the plaintiff. According to the third defendant, to the
best of his knowledge, he had acted properly and in the best interests of the
second defendant by allocating the incentive payments based on the
contributions of the directors. As for the fourth and fifth defendants, they
argued that they were not involved in allocating payments under the Incentive
Scheme at all and had no knowledge that any of the payments were incorrect.
There was therefore no basis to claim that they had breached any fiduciary
duties owed to the plaintiff or were unjustly enriched.

_(ii) Legal principles relating to the existence of fiduciary duties_

94 The legal principles relating to when a fiduciary duty arises are not
controversial although they pose difficulties with regard to application in
different factual situations. The Chua brothers relied on the following
extract from _Bristol & West Building Society v Mothew_ [1998] Ch 1 at 18
(cited approvingly in _SM Trading Services (a firm) v Intersanctuary Ltd_
[2006] 3 SLR 3979 at 421) as definitive of a fiduciary:

A fiduciary is someone who has _undertaken to act for or on behalf of another
in a particular matter in circumstances which give rise to a relationship of
trust and confidence_. The distinguishing obligation of a fiduciary is the
obligation of loyalty. The principal is entitled to the single-minded loyalty
of his fiduciary. This core liability has several facets. A fiduciary must act
in good faith; he must not make a profit out of his trust; he must not place
himself in a position where his duty and his interest may conflict; he may not
act for his own benefit or the benefit of a third person without the informed
consent of his principal. [emphasis added]

95 However, as the plaintiff correctly pointed out in his closing submissions,
an undertaking to act on someone else’s behalf is not a prerequisite to the
existence of a fiduciary duty but one of the ways in which a fiduciary
relationship could be established. As stated by Gibbs CJ of the Australian
High Court in _Hospital Products Ltd v United States Surgical Corporation_
(1984) 156 CLR 41 at [30]:

I doubt it is fruitful to attempt to make a general statement of the
circumstances in which a fiduciary relationship will be found to exist.
Fiduciary relationships are of different types, carrying different
obligations… a test which might seem appropriate to determine whether a
fiduciary relationship existed for one purpose might be quite inappropriate
for another purpose.

A similar view was expressed by Amarjeet Singh JC in _Tai Kim San & Anor v Lim
Cher Kia_ [2001] 1 SLR 607 at [32.1] as follows:

I would point out at the outset that the existence of a fiduciary duty and the
obligations it entails under it differ widely and will largely be dependent on
the circumstances of the particular case, ie a situation specific approach has
to be adopted to determine its existence.

96 I respectfully concur. A survey of the cases cited by the plaintiff and the
defendants show that the courts have found the existence of a fiduciary duty
on bases other than an assumption of fiduciary responsibility, including:

(1) where a person has entrusted, or in the circumstances may be treated as
having entrusted, property, affairs, transactions or interests to the
fiduciary (see _Bruce Peskin & Kevin Milner v John Anderson & Ors_ [2001] 1
BCLC 372 at [34]); and

(2) where there is mutual reliance between the parties in a business
relationship (see _SM Trading Services (a firm) v Intersanctuary Ltd_ at
[75]-[79]).

Another common basis for finding the existence of a fiduciary relationship is
the existence of a power or discretion on the part of the fiduciary by which
he can alter or affect the interests of another (see John Glover, _Commercial
Equity: Fiduciary Relationships_ (Butterworths 1995) at para 3.15). This has
been described in some cases as an inequality of bargaining power where the
beneficiary lacks the ability to adequately control or supervise the exercise
of the fiduciary’s power (_Cook v Evatt (No 2)_ [1992] 1 NZLR 676 at 685;
approved in _Susilawati v American Express Bank Ltd_ [2008] 1 SLR 237 at
[60]). It is apparent that there is no single test that can be used to
determine if a fiduciary relationship exists, given the myriad of factual
circumstances which a court may face.

97 In the context of a director of a company owing duties to a single
shareholder, it was common ground that although a director generally only owes
fiduciary duties to the company, there may be special factual circumstances
where a director will owe fiduciary duties to an individual shareholder, for
instance where the director has made himself agent for the individual
shareholder in the acquisition or disposal of shares in the company (_Percival
v Wright_ [1902] 2 Ch 421; _Coleman v Myers_ [1977] 2 NZLR 225; _Glavanics v
Brunninghausen_ (1996) 19 ACSR 204). The Singapore High Court in _Tai Kim San
& Anor v Lim Cher Kia_ at [28]-[29] endorsed the above-mentioned cases
although on the facts of the case, it came to the conclusion that no fiduciary
relationship existed between the plaintiffs who were shareholders (and
subsequently directors in the company) and the defendant (who was managing-
director of and a shareholder in the company) in relation to the plaintiffs’
sale of shares to the defendant. This was because there was no relationship of
confidence and trust between the plaintiffs and the defendant – theirs was a
purely business relationship and they seldom met or went out socially.
Additionally, the plaintiffs were not dependent on the defendant for
information concerning the company’s performance or valuation, were involved
in the decision making process of the company and were aware of how the
company was run and what its revenues and profits were. Finally, the defendant
had no hand in wanting the plaintiffs to sell their shares to him.

98 In summary, the representatives of the first defendant and the Chua
brothers, in their capacity as directors of the second defendant, owed no
general fiduciary duty to individual shareholders of the second defendant. The
court’s task in the present case would be to determine if one or more of the
bases as discussed in [96] above had been established on the facts such as to
give rise to special circumstances upon which to found a fiduciary
relationship between the first defendant, the Chua brothers and the plaintiff.
If not, whether there were any other obligations owed by them to the
plaintiff.

99 The plaintiff did not seriously pursue the argument that the first, fourth
and fifth defendants had breached any fiduciary duties owed to him. In fact,
the plaintiff only sought a remedy as against the third defendant in relation
to a breach of fiduciary duty by arguing that a constructive trust existed
over the incentive payments that ought to be but were not allocated to him by
the third defendant. Although the plaintiff argued that he had reposed trust
and confidence in the first, fourth and fifth defendants, this appeared only
to be in the context of a shareholder trusting the directors of a company to
act in the company’s best interests, on which the plaintiff did not complain.

100 In my view, there were no special factual circumstances to show that the
first, fourth and fifth defendants owed the plaintiff any duty to act in the
plaintiff’s _personal_ interests in respect of the Incentive Scheme. I accept
the evidence of the first, fourth and fifth defendants that they were not
involved in the allocation and distribution of the profits under the Incentive
Scheme. It was apparent from the internal memoranda discussed at [86] above
and the third defendant’s succession of CJN that it was the third defendant
who bore the sole responsibility of deciding the amounts to be paid to each of
the directors under the Incentive Scheme. Consequently, as against the first,
fourth and fifth defendants, the plaintiff failed to prove the existence of
any fiduciary relationship or even any contractual obligation to ensure that
he received his share under the Incentive Scheme. Based on the terms of the
Incentive Scheme, the first defendant merely agreed to allow a certain
proportion of the second defendant’s profits to be distributed to the local
officers of the second defendant in the stipulated manner, whereas the fourth
and fifth defendants were, like the plaintiff, simply recipients of the
amounts allocated to them.

101 Following from this, it cannot be said that the fourth and fifth
defendants had been unjustly enriched at the plaintiff’s expense. The
plaintiff’s attempt at proving his case of unjust enrichments against the
fourth and fifth defendants also appeared to be half-hearted. No arguments
were presented to establish the elements of unjust enrichment other than the
assertion that because the third defendant had stated that he allocated the
profit incentives based on the contributions of the directors, that meant that
part of the plaintiff’s one-third share must have been distributed amongst the
Chua brothers proportionally. This did not suffice.

102 The question that remained was whether the third defendant owed fiduciary
duties to the plaintiff in the circumstances of the case. I do not think so
for the following reasons.

103 First, the third defendant did not assume or undertake the responsibility
of looking after the plaintiff’s interests in relation to the negotiation of
the Incentive Scheme or the allocation of profits under the Incentive Scheme.
It was not disputed by the plaintiff that he had hardly any contact with the
third defendant and unlike CJN, the third defendant did not meet personally
with the plaintiff to discuss matters of the second defendant or in relation
to the Incentive Scheme. Although the third defendant had conceded in cross-
examination that he had a duty to ensure that the plaintiff received his
entitlement under the Incentive Scheme, this did not necessarily mean that he
had undertaken a _fiduciary_ duty towards the plaintiff. I do not think that
the concession was conclusive in the light of the other evidence regarding the
relationship between the plaintiff and the third defendant which, by all
accounts, was not close.

104 Second, it also cannot be said that the plaintiff had entrusted or in the
circumstances must be taken to have entrusted any of his property, affairs or
interests to the third defendant although this could be said in relation to
CJN. I have earlier found that CJN had acted on the plaintiff’s behalf in
negotiating the Incentive Scheme. It was also apparent from the evidence that
CJN and the plaintiff had a close personal and working relationship – they had
known each other for some 10 years before founding the second defendant
together; the plaintiff left the running of the second defendant to CJN, and
provided financial assistance to the second defendant whenever he was called
upon to do so. Essentially, the plaintiff had entrusted his interests in the
Incentive Scheme as well as a significant amount of his finances to CJN – the
former being personal to him and the latter to benefit the second defendant.
To this extent, I accept the plaintiff’s submissions.

105 However, I do not accept that because the third defendant took up the
mantle of CJN after his father’s passing and assumed CJN’s duties in the
second defendant, that this necessarily meant that the third defendant was now
entrusted with looking after the plaintiff’s _personal interest_ in the
Incentive Scheme just as his late father was. CJN had not been entrusted with
looking after the plaintiff’s interest in relation to the Incentive Scheme
merely because he was the Managing Director of the second defendant, but
because of the close relationship between CJN and the plaintiff – they had
frequent meetings and conversations which included discussion of the terms of
the Incentive Scheme. This close relationship was missing as between the third
defendant and the plaintiff. Consistent with the authorities cited in [97]
above, the special circumstances upon which to base a fiduciary relationship
between a director and an individual shareholder must exist as between the
claimant and the party whom the claimant says is his fiduciary.

106 Neither do I accept the argument that because the plaintiff carried on in
the same way after CJN’s passing (namely, not being involved in management,
not raising queries at the second defendant’s AGM and accepting his incentive
payments without question) that it meant that he had entrusted his interests
in relation to the Incentive Scheme to the third defendant. Those actions (or
inactions) were equivocal at best. They could well indicate that the plaintiff
was no longer interested in the second defendant’s business after the passing
of his good friend and was choosing to focus on his other investments.

107 There was no basis for the plaintiff to have relied on the third defendant
to take care of his personal interests under the Incentive Scheme and on the
evidence before the court, I did not believe the plaintiff did so. The
plaintiff had his daughter Min Yen (PW2) represent him at the AGMs of the
second defendant when he could not attend personally.[note: 22] The plaintiff
also sent his daughter to attend the second defendant’s first board meeting in
Japan in 2002 – he did not rely on the third defendant to represent him.[note:
23] When the representatives of the first defendant approached the plaintiff
to seek his support for the proposed joint-venture agreement and also in
relation to the OS, the plaintiff likewise spoke for himself and did not align
himself with the third defendant.[note: 24]

108 Third, mutual reliance or a relationship of trust and confidence between
the plaintiff and the third defendant was likewise absent in relation to the
Incentive Scheme. Although the plaintiff insisted that he trusted the third
defendant just as he trusted CJN, unlike his relationship with CJN, there was
no mutuality in his relationship with the third defendant. The third defendant
may have been courteous and cordial towards the plaintiff because the
plaintiff was his late father’s friend, but he treated the plaintiff as an
ordinary shareholder in the second defendant – he did not rely on the
plaintiff to provide financial assistance to the second defendant as CJN did.

109 That leaves the final basis, which is the existence of a power or
discretion on the part of the fiduciary by which he can alter or affect the
interests of another. _Prima facie_ , this seems to apply to the situation
between the plaintiff and the third defendant under the Incentive Scheme
because the third defendant had, after his father’s passing, assumed the task
of allocating the incentive payments to the plaintiff. The plaintiff argued
that this placed the third defendant in a superior position to the plaintiff,
who was vulnerable because of his passive role in the second defendant.

110 In my judgment, this was not an accurate characterisation of the third
defendant’s power under the Incentive Scheme. Further, the plaintiff was not
as vulnerable as he would have this court believe. After CJN’s passing, the
third defendant assumed the task of allocating the incentive payments. In
respect of the plaintiff, this should have been a simple task of setting aside
one-third of the profits to him. The third defendant’s failure to do so did
not mean that he had a power or discretion by which he could affect the
plaintiff’s interests, it only meant that the third defendant had breached the
terms of the Incentive Scheme. Additionally, the plaintiff was an experienced
and capable businessman. Once the shortfall in the incentive payments to him
was discovered, the plaintiff immediately took steps to enforce the Memorandum
and in financial year 2002 he received his one-third share. This was a man who
was capable of looking after and did look after his own interests – he was not
at the mercy of the third defendant’s exercise of power or discretion.

_(ii) Findings_

111 Although the plaintiff claimed that he reposed trust and confidence in all
the defendants to act in good faith and to ensure that the second defendant
made payments to him in accordance with the terms of the Incentive Scheme, he
only argued in particular that the third defendant owed him fiduciary duties
and was a constructive trustee of the sums that should have been but were not
paid to him under the Incentive Scheme. However, I find on the facts that
there were no special circumstances upon which to find a fiduciary
relationship between the plaintiff and the third defendant in relation to the
Incentive Scheme. Nevertheless, the third defendant did have a contractual
duty to allocate one-third of the profits available for distribution to the
plaintiff under the terms of the Incentive Scheme. He breached this duty to
the plaintiff and remains contractually liable.

**_(4) Did the plaintiff waive any of his rights to payment under the
Incentive Scheme?_**

112 I now come to the defence of waiver. The first and second defendants did
not rely on this defence. It was the Chua brothers who argued that the
plaintiff knew or ought to have known that he was not receiving one-third of
the profit available for distribution. This would have been apparent at least
in financial year 1995. In 1995, the second defendant’s profit before tax (as
stated in its audited accounts) was $972,000 and the plaintiff received
$24,000 in incentive payments. A rough calculation would have shown that so
long as the second defendant’s net profit before tax was $1m, the plaintiff
should be receiving at least $50,000 in incentive payments. The Chua brothers
also argued that the plaintiff could have compared the amounts of incentive
payments in previous years with the profit before tax of the second defendant
– a significant increase in the company’s profit before tax ought to translate
into a significant increase in respect of the profit incentives received by
the plaintiff (assuming he was entitled to one-third of the profits available
for distribution). By accepting the amount allocated to him without protest
and by approving the directors’ remuneration (including the incentive
payments) at the second defendant’s AGMs, the Chua brothers submitted that the
plaintiff had waived his right to receive 5% of the second defendant’s net
profit before tax.

113 The plaintiff, on the other hand, rightly pointed out that the Chua
brothers’ case on waiver was vaguely framed. The term “waiver”, as was pointed
out in _Jia Min Building Construction Pte Ltd v Ann Lee Pte Ltd_ [2004] 3 SLR
288 at [28], bears different meanings to different judges at different times;
it could mean variation or forbearance or rescission. According to the learned
authors of _Spencer Bower:_ _The Law Relating to Estoppel by Representation_ ,
fourthed (LexisNexis, 2004) at 357:

It is more useful to use [the term ‘waiver’] in a narrow sense to describe an
end result or consequence, namely the abandonment of a right, rather than the
process by which that result is achieved or brought about. For this reason it
is best used in conjunction with the terms election and estoppel to mean the
abandonment of a right as a consequence either of a binding election or of a
finding of promissory estoppel, as in the phrases ‘waiver by election’ or
‘elective waiver’ or ‘waiver by estoppel’.

This view is consistent with that held by major textbook writers in this
field, including J Beatson, _Anson’s Law of Contract_ , 28th ed (Oxford
University Press, 2002) at 525-527 and _Chitty on Contracts_ at para 22-040.

114 Waiver by election occurs when a person has two inconsistent rights or
courses of action and only one of which can be exercised; in such a case, a
person’s choice by overt act communicated to the other party that he is
relying on one such right or course of action precludes him from later
claiming the benefit of another (see _The “Pacific Vigorous”_ [2006] SGHC 103
at [15]). It was said in _The “Pacific Vigorous”_ that a prerequisite of an
election is that the party making the choice must be aware of the facts which
had given rise to the existence of his right of election and must demonstrate
knowledge of the existence of choice. The alleged election, if by conduct,
must further be unequivocal in the sense that the conduct must be capable of
one construction only – that the person had chosen to forego his rights (see
_Bayerische Hypo und Vereinsbank AG v C K Tang Ltd_ [2004] SGHC 254 at [175]).

115 It is irrelevant to the issue of waiver by election whether the plaintiff
_could or should_ have been aware of his right to make a choice. I reject the
Chua brothers’ contention that the plaintiff _must_ have known that he was not
receiving his proper share of the profits of the second defendant. On the
facts, it could not be said that the plaintiff’s forbearance in claiming his
one-third share was unequivocally the result of a conscious choice to waive
his rights to that one-third share.

116 I believed the plaintiff’s testimony when he testified that he had not
looked at the accounts of the second defendant and only became aware of the
shortfall in payments in 2002 when he took steps to find out more about the
amounts that were paid out under the Incentive Scheme from the first defendant
and then demanded that he receive his one-third share. This was consistent
with the undisputed evidence regarding the plaintiff’s lack of involvement in
the affairs of the second defendant. Further, the plaintiff’s unquestioning
acceptance of the amounts allocated to him was not unequivocal evidence of a
choice to waive his rights under the Incentive Scheme as the Chua brothers
argued. Rather, this was how the plaintiff had always behaved towards
receiving payments from the second defendant since 1983. Although the
plaintiff attended the AGMs of the second defendant and voted to approve the
remuneration of the directors (which included the incentive payments), this
also could not be evidence of knowledge on his part that he was receiving less
than his entitlement under the Incentive Scheme because no precise breakdown
was made available to the plaintiff as to how much of the total directors’
remuneration was payment under the Incentive Scheme; information as to the
total amount available for distribution under the Incentive Scheme was also
not contained in the accounts of the second defendant nor mentioned at its
AGMs. Given the plaintiff’s consistent passivity over the years since the time
of CJN, it was probably the case that he did not make rough calculations as to
how much he could expect under the Incentive Scheme based on the reported
profits of the second defendant, neither did he compare the amount he received
with the reported profits of the second defendant over the years.

117 Because it could not be shown that the plaintiff had knowingly made a
choice to forbear from enforcing his rights under the Incentive Scheme, he did
not elect to waive his rights under the Incentive Scheme.

**_(5) Was the plaintiff estopped from claiming any shortfall in payment under
the Incentive Scheme?_**

118 In _Chitty on Contracts_ at para 22-040 (cited approvingly in _T2 Networks
Pte Ltd v Nasioncom Sdn Bhd_ [2008] 2 SLR 1 at [69]), it is said that waiver
by estoppel may be held to have occurred if, “without any request, one party
represents to the other that he will forbear to enforce or rely on a term of
the contract to be performed or observed by the other party, and the other
party acts in reliance on that representation”. The key elements are therefore
a representation of forbearance to enforce a term of the contract on the part
of one party and reliance on that representation by the other party. The
representation must be clear and unequivocal and there is no ground for saying
that mere delay, however lengthy, destroys contractual rights save in
exceptional situations where the law imposes a duty to disclose facts or to
clarify a legal relationship and the party under the duty fails to perform it
(_Chitty on Contracts_ at para 3-092).

119 The defence of waiver by estoppel fails in this case because there was no
unequivocal representation on the part of the plaintiff to forbear from
enforcing his rights under the Incentive Scheme. The plaintiff’s silence and
inactivity could not be indicative of a representation of forbearance in
itself at law, and more so on the facts where the plaintiff had since 1983,
accepted his incentive payments unquestioningly and voted at the AGMs to
approve the directors’ remuneration without knowing how much of that
remuneration represented incentive payments or what the percentage allocated
to each director was. Such conduct was perfectly consistent with the
plaintiff’s passive attitude towards the affairs of the second defendant and
could not constitute an unequivocal representation that he would not enforce
his rights under the Incentive Scheme. Further, there could not have been
reliance on the part of the third defendant because, on the third defendant’s
own case, he made the allocations of the incentive payments prior to the
second defendant’s AGMs and the making of payment to the plaintiff. Hence, the
third defendant’s allocations must have been independent of any representation
by the plaintiff supposedly consisting of acceptance of the incentive payments
and voting in favour of the directors’ remuneration at the second defendant’s
AGMs.

120 There is no need to say anything further on the defence of estoppel save
that for the same reasons expressed above in relation to waiver by estoppel,
the plaintiff cannot be estopped from enforcing his rights under the Incentive
Scheme.

121 In my view, the Chua brothers’ case, whether based on waiver by election
or waiver by estoppel must fail because the plaintiff had neither knowingly
made a choice to abandon his right to one-third of the second defendant’s net
profit before tax available for distribution under the Incentive Scheme, nor
represented to the third defendant that he was going to forbear to enforce the
terms of the Incentive Scheme.

**_(6) The defence of time bar_**

122 In the light of my above findings, the third defendant is contractually
liable to the plaintiff for failing to allocate the incentive payments to him
as per the terms of the Incentive Scheme. Nevertheless, one final issue
remains to be resolved and that is, whether any part of the plaintiff’s claim
is time-barred because this suit was brought in 2005 whereas the shortfall in
incentive payments occurred as far back as 1992. Under s 6(1) of the
Limitation Act (Cap 163, 1996 Rev Ed) (“the Act”), an action founded on a
contract cannot be brought after the expiration of 6 years from the date on
which the cause of action accrued. Thus, the defence of limitation would apply
against the payments due to the plaintiff prior to financial year 1999. This
was not disputed by the parties.

123 Nevertheless, in respect of those payments, the plaintiff argued that s
29(1)(b) of the Act was applicable to postpone the limitation period because
the plaintiff’s right of action had been concealed by fraud. That section
states as follows:

**Postponement of limitation period in case of fraud or mistake.**

**29.** —(1) Where, in the case of any action for which a period of limitation
is prescribed by this Act —

(a) the action is based upon the fraud of the defendant or his agent or of any
person through whom he claims or his agent;

(b) the right of action is concealed by the fraud of any such person as
aforesaid; or

…

the period of limitation shall not begin to run until the plaintiff has
discovered the fraud or the mistake, as the case may be, or could with
reasonable diligence have discovered it.

124 In order to rely on s 29(1) of the Act, the plaintiff must show that his
right of action had been concealed by the fraud of the third defendant. This
is the threshold criterion after which, it is a matter of determining when the
period of limitation begins to run – whether at the time the plaintiff
discovered the fraud or when the plaintiff could have with reasonable
diligence discovered it.

125 Quoting the following passage from Lord Denning MR’s judgment in _King v
Victor Parsons & Co_ [1973] 1 WLR 29 at 33, the Court of Appeal in _Bank of
America National Trust and Savings Association v Herman Iskandar & Anor_
[1998] 2 SLR 265 at [73]-[74] held that although “fraud” under s 29(1) was not
confined to the common law sense of fraud or deceit, there must at least be a
“deliberate act of concealment”:

The word ‘fraud’ here is not used in the common law sense. It is used in the
equitable sense to _denote conduct by the defendant or his agent such that it
would be ‘against conscience’ for him to avail himself of the lapse of time_.
The cases show that, if a man _knowingly commits a_ _wrong (such as digging
underground another man’s coal); or a breach of contract (such as putting in
bad foundations to a house), in such circumstances that it is unlikely to be
found out for many a long day, he cannot rely on the Statute of Limitations as
a bar to the claim_ : see _Bulli Coal Mining Co v Osborne_ [1899] AC 351 and
_Applegate v Moss_ [1971] 1 QB 406. In order to show that he ‘concealed’ the
right of action ‘by fraud’, it is not necessary to show that he took active
steps to conceal his wrong-doing or breach of contract. It is sufficient that
he _knowingly committed it and did not tell the owner anything about it_. He
did the wrong or committed the breach secretly. By saying nothing he keeps it
secret. He conceals the right of action. He conceals it by ‘fraud’ as those
words have been interpreted in the cases. [emphasis added]

126 The Court of Appeal also agreed (at 36) with Megaw LJ in _King v Victor
Parsons & Co_ that it was not sufficient to constitute fraud where the
defendant “ought to” have known the facts upon which the inference could be
drawn that there was wrongdoing or a breach of contract save in special
circumstances. Nevertheless, subjective knowledge of wrongdoing is not
necessary and the claimant may still rely on s 29(1) of the Act if he can show
that the defendant had behaved recklessly (_Bank of America National Trust and
Savings Association v Herman Iskandar & Anor_ at [75]). As said by Lord
Denning MR in _King v Victor Parsons & Co_ at 34:

To this word “knowingly” there must be added “recklessly”… like the man who
turns a blind eye. He is aware that what he is doing may well be a wrong, or a
breach of contract, but he takes the risk of it being so. He refrains from
further inquiry lest it should prove to be correct: and says nothing about it.
The court will not allow him to get away with conduct of that kind. It may be
that he has no dishonest motive: but that does not matter. He has kept the
plaintiff out of the knowledge of his right of action: and that is enough… If
the defendant was, however, quite unaware that he was committing a wrong or a
breach of contract, it would be different. So if by an honest blunder he
unwittingly commits a wrong (by digging another man’s coal), or a breach of
contract (by putting in an insufficient foundation) then he could avail
himself of the Statute of Limitations.

127 In this particular case, the crux of the matter is whether the third
defendant _knowingly or recklessly_ breached the terms of the Incentive
Scheme. The third defendant submitted that he had not fraudulently concealed
anything from the plaintiff because he was not aware that the plaintiff was
entitled to one-third of the profit incentive regardless of his contribution;
based on his understanding, the local directors were always paid the profit
incentive based on their contributions to the second defendant. The third
defendant also argued that he did not allocate the profit incentive
unilaterally but after negotiations with Mr Omata from the first defendant.
However, these arguments did not stand up to scrutiny. As stated earlier at
[85], the profit incentive was not allocated based on contribution, especially
in relation to the plaintiff. I have already rejected (at [88] above) the
third defendant’s claim that approval had been sought from Mr Omata regarding
the variation of the Incentive Scheme. Rather, the evidence showed that the
third defendant had recklessly, if not knowingly, reduced the incentive
payments made to the plaintiff contrary to the terms of the Incentive Scheme.

128 The incentive payments were decreased very gradually from 1992 onwards and
the difference would have been impossible to notice on the basis of rough
calculations. Since there was no similar gradual decrease in the plaintiff’s
contributions to the second defendant from 1992 onwards, the only reasonable
inference to be drawn therefrom is that the third defendant had deliberately
reduced the plaintiff’s incentive payments knowing that such action may well
have been a breach of the Incentive Scheme. Additionally, the third defendant
had not spoken to the plaintiff about the alleged variation to the Incentive
Scheme where the plaintiff’s share would no longer be fixed at one-third (see
[88] above). Yet, the third defendant knew that the Incentive Scheme was an
agreement between the shareholders and this was the position he had taken in
the OS – his present stance that only the first and second defendant were
parties to it was not credible (see [54]-[60] above). Based on all the
circumstances, I find that the third defendant had recklessly, if not
knowingly, concealed from the plaintiff that the plaintiff was receiving less
than one-third of the profits available for distribution under the Incentive
Scheme.

129 The threshold having been crossed, I now have to determine when the
plaintiff discovered the fraud or could with “reasonable diligence” have
discovered it. The period of limitation would then run from that time, meaning
that claims arising after that time would be disallowed. According to the
learned authors of _Halsbury’s Laws of England_ , vol. 28, 4th ed.
(Butterworths, 1997) at para 1122, in respect of s 32(1) of the UK Limitation
Act 1980 which is in _pari materia_ with our s 29(1):

The standard of diligence which the plaintiff needs to prove is high, except
where he is entitled to rely on the other person; however, the meaning of
‘reasonable diligence’ varies according to the particular context. In order to
prove that a person might have discovered a fraud, deliberate concealment or
mistake with reasonable diligence at a particular time, it is not, it seems,
sufficient to show that he might have discovered the fraud by pursuing an
inquiry in some collateral matter; it must be shown that there has been
something to put him on inquiry in respect of the matter itself and that if
inquiry had been made it would have led to the discovery of the real facts.
If, however, a considerable interval of time has elapsed between the alleged
fraud, concealment or mistake and its discovery, that of itself may be a
reason for inferring that it might with reasonable diligence have been
discovered much earlier.

130 In _Peco Arts Inc v Hazlitt Gallery Ltd_ [1983] 1 WLR 1315, a case where a
work of art believed to be valuable was subsequently discovered to be a
reproduction, the issue arose as to whether the purchaser had exercised
“reasonable diligence” in the context of the UK Limitation Act. The English
High Court at 1322-1323 held that the precise meaning given to the phrase
“reasonable diligence” must vary with the particular context in which it is
applied. In that particular case, it did not mean the doing of everything
possible nor necessarily the use of any means at the plaintiff’s disposal nor
even necessarily the doing of anything at all, but simply the doing of that
which the ordinary prudent buyer and possessor of a valuable work of art would
do having regard to all the circumstances. The Court concluded that although
the plaintiff could have had the artwork valued soon after she purchased it,
in the circumstances, she was entitled to rely on the reputation and
recommendation of the expert and the art gallery and was entitled to assume
that they were satisfied that the artwork was authentic.

131 I agree with the reasoning in _Peco Arts Inc v Hazlitt Gallery Ltd_ that
what “reasonable diligence” requires depends on the circumstances of the case.
Here, the question is whether a reasonable person in the plaintiff’s shoes
would assume that the profit incentive being allocated to him was correct. If
so, reasonable diligence did not require the plaintiff to make any enquiries
at all.

132 The evidence showed that the plaintiff had trusted CJN to allocate him his
proper share of the profit incentives under the Incentive Scheme and that CJN
in fact did so, save for a small underpayment of $167 in 1985. It was because
of the plaintiff’s close friendship with CJN that he had been involved in
founding the second defendant in the first place. Subsequently, after CJN’s
passing, the third defendant took over his late father’s role in the second
defendant and also in allocating payments under the Incentive Scheme. I
believed the plaintiff’s evidence that he relied on the good reputation of the
third defendant (who was the eldest son of his very good friend and who had
also been involved in running the second defendant since its inception), and
assumed that the third defendant would allocate him his proper share. It never
occurred to him to question the third defendant’s allocation. The plaintiff
was also unaware of any variation in the substantive terms of the Incentive
Scheme and in fact there were none. In the circumstances, although the
plaintiff could have made inquiries to find out the precise percentage of the
profits he was receiving under the Incentive Scheme, or taken steps to analyse
the accounts of the second defendant and compare those accounts with the
actual payments he received, there was nothing to prompt him to do so before
2002 when it was suggested to the plaintiff by representatives of the first
defendant that the Chua Directors had mismanaged the second defendant.

133 I therefore find that the plaintiff can rely on s 29(1) of the Act under
which the limitation period would be extended to 2002. The plaintiff’s claims
are therefore not time barred.

134 There is no need to deal with the plaintiff’s additional argument under s
22(1)(_b_) of The Act that the third defendant remains liable to him as his
trustee, as I had earlier found that there was no fiduciary relationship
between the plaintiff and the third defendant.

Application for leave to file further submissions

135 Before I conclude, I should refer to one matter. Counsel for the Chua
brothers applied for leave to file reply submissions. Their counsel wrote to
the court on 8 August 2008 alleging that the plaintiff, in his closing
submissions, had misinterpreted the law on a fundamental issue of the case.
The Chua brothers sought to introduce a new case that was not pleaded or put
to the plaintiff during cross-examination. Counsel for the plaintiff
unsurprisingly replied on 11 August 2008 to object to such a request in the
light of the timelines imposed by the court for the plaintiff to respond to
the arguments made by the Chua brothers. Without waiting for a reply from this
court, counsel for the Chua brothers wrote again on 14 August 2008 with a
point by point rebuttal of the plaintiff’s letter. This was an attempt to
place arguments before the court regardless of whether the court consented to
receive such arguments in the first place. I disallowed the Chua brothers’
application.

Conclusion

136 For the foregoing reasons, I dismiss with costs the plaintiff’s claim
against the first, second, fourth and fifth defendants but allow the
plaintiff’s claim with costs against the third defendant for breach of the
terms of the Incentive Scheme, in the sum of $1,097,653.00 with interest. It
was the third defendant’s responsibility under the Incentive Scheme to
allocate payments to the directors, including the plaintiff. Whatever his
intentions may have been, he breached that responsibility by unilaterally
varying the terms of the Incentive Scheme.

137 The plaintiff had asked for a _Sanderson_ order (_Sanderson v Blyth
Theatre_ [1903] 2 KB 533) for costs to be made in the event that he succeeds
against some but not all of the defendants. I decline to make such an order
because the plaintiff’s case against the fourth and fifth defendants was weak
to begin with and it was not seriously pursued. None of the other defendants
had attempted to shift any blame onto the fourth and fifth defendants or had
compelled the plaintiff to join the two to the suit in any other way. The
plaintiff’s case against the first and second defendants was also separate
from that against the Chua brothers. It would be inappropriate for the
unsuccessful third defendant to pay the plaintiff’s costs to the first and
second defendants. Costs should follow the event. The first and second
defendants shall have their costs on a standard basis to be taxed unless
otherwise agreed. Because the Chua brothers were jointly represented but only
the fourth and fifth defendants succeeded against the plaintiff, the fourth
and fifth defendants will not be able to recover the full cost of the joint
defence for all three persons. They should only be able to recover half their
taxed costs (unless otherwise agreed) including disbursements, of their joint
defence as the focus was largely on the third defendant.

_________________

[note: 1]2AB2.

[note: 2]3AB87.

[note: 3]N/E 42-43

[note: 4]_Ibid._

[note: 5]AEIC of Chua Teck Chew at [32]-[33]; AEIC of Chua Teck Meng at [28];
AEIC of Chua Teck Seng at [23].

[note: 6]N/E1829-1830.

[note: 7]N/E 2145-2147.

[note: 8]N/E 1819-1820.

[note: 9]N/E 1876-1877.

[note: 10]See 1AB459-460, 462, 464-467, 470, 472-475.

[note: 11]N/E1461- 1462.

[note: 12]N/E 111.

[note: 13]1DB32.

[note: 14]1AB479.

[note: 15]N/E1884- 1885.

[note: 16]See Affidavit of Robert Chua Teck Chew filed 5 June 2002 in the OS
at [44], in 1AB554.

[note: 17]See 1AB547, 554, 555 and 562.

[note: 18]Defence of first Defendant (Amendment No. 3) at [12].

[note: 19]DB31-33.

[note: 20]2AB1.

[note: 21]1AB474.

[note: 22]N/E57.

[note: 23]N/E232.

[note: 24]N/E260; 676-677.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 31 Oct 2008 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

