Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Mok Kwong Yue v Ding Leng Kong  
[2008] SGHC 65

Case Number | : | Suit 119/2004  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 06 May 2008  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Judith Prakash J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Ee Chong Nam Andrew (Andrew Ee & Co) for the plaintiff; Tan T'eng Ta' Benedict (Bernard & Rada Law Corporation) for the defendant   
Parties | : |  Mok Kwong Yue — Ding Leng Kong   
  
Civil Procedure  
  

6 May 2008 |  Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Judith Prakash J:

1 The plaintiff, Mok Kwong Yue (“Mr Mok”), brought this action to recover
three sums of money which he alleged he had paid the defendant, Ding Leng Kong
(“Mr Ding”), by reason of a mistake of law on his part. Judgment in favour of
Mr Mok was granted in respect of the first sum, an amount of $240,000, in July
2004 pursuant to an Order 14 application. When the matter came on for trial
before me therefore, the dispute was confined to the other two sums.

Background

2 The facts of this case are rather involved. Perhaps the best place to start
is with High Court Suit 1515 of 2001 (“Suit 1515”), which was an action
commenced by Mr Ding against Mr Mok and three others to recover sums of money
owing to Mr Ding under a document that all parties referred to as the
“November Agreement”.

3 The November Agreement was dated 1 November 1999. The parties to it were Mr
Ding, Mr Mok, an individual named Subbarao Pinamaneni (“Mr Subbarao”) and
three companies which Mr Subbarao and Mr Mok ran _viz_ Teamasia Pte Ltd
(“Teamasia”), a Singapore company, Teamasia Semiconductor (India) Pte Ltd
(“TSI”), an Indian company, and Teamasia Semiconductor (USA), (“TA USA”),
collectively the “TA Companies”. The recitals of the November Agreement noted
that at the request of Mr Mok and Mr Subbarao, Mr Ding had already provided,
and would in the future be providing, funds for the use of Teamasia and TSI.
It stated that it was contemplated that the TA Companies would be reorganised
under a holding company (“TA Holdings”) and that the purpose of the November
Agreement was to consolidate all previous agreements in respect of funds
provided by Mr Ding for the TA Companies.

4 In the body of the November Agreement, it was provided as follows:

1\. DEFINITIONS & INTERPRETATIONS

1.1 “Borrowers” means Mok, Subbarao, and the TA Companies; and

“TA Companies” means [Teamasia], TA India and TA USA.

2\. ACKNOWLEDGEMENT OF AMOUNT OUTSTANDING

2.1 Each of the Borrowers acknowledges that for valuable consideration Ding
has provided funds on various occasions previously (“Previous Loans”) for the
[use of the TA Companies] and that in consideration for providing these funds
Ding is entitled to inter alia,

2.1.1 shares in TA Holdings representing four per cent. of its share capital
after the injection of approximately $16 million into TA Holdings by a third
party investor (the “Enlarged Capital”); and

2.1.2 be appointed a director of TA Holdings.

2.2 Each of the Borrowers acknowledges that the outstanding amount of the
Previous Loans amounts to a sum of at least US$696,000 and is subject to
further confirmation by Ding.

3\. FURTHER LOAN

3.1 Upon the execution of this Agreement, Ding shall provide a further loan of
US$500,000 … to the Borrowers.

4\. RE-PAYMENT OF THE LOANS

4.1 Each of the Borrowers undertake to repay the Previous Loans and the
Further Loan as follows:

4.1.1 Repay US$630,000 by 8 November 1999; and

4.1.2 Repay US$566,000 and such further amount as may be determined by Ding by
31 January 2000.

5 Just before the November Agreement was signed, in October 1999, Mr Ding had
sent TSI US$250,000 and that sum was part of the US$696,000 referred to in cl
2.2 of the November Agreement. Thereafter, pursuant to the November Agreement,
on 2 November 1999, Mr Ding advanced US$500,000 to enable TSI to acquire
shares in a company listed on NASDAQ. On 14 December 1999, he advanced a
further sum of US$299,928.69 for the same purpose. It should be noted that
Teamasia was in the semiconductor industry and was trying to expand its
productions in India through TSI and the listed company.

6 Unfortunately, in the year 2000 many companies connected with the IT
industry collapsed. As a result, Mr Mok and Mr Subbarao and the TA Companies
(as defined in the November Agreement) sustained huge losses and were not able
to repay Mr Ding his loans in the manner contemplated in the November
Agreement. On 30 November 2001, Mr Ding commenced Suit 1515 against Mr Mok, Mr
Subbarao, Teamasia and TSI. In it, he made both monetary and non-monetary
claims against the four defendants. As far as his monetary claims against Mr
Mok were concerned, these were for:

(a) payment of the sum of $30,000 being a personal loan that Mr Ding had made
to Mr Mok; and

(b) payment of the sum of US$1,203,750.91.

The second claim was made against all four defendants and was put on two
alternative bases. The first basis was that Mr Mok had forwarded a total sum
of US$1,203,750.91 as investment in the NASDAQ company and that the said sum
had to be returned. The second basis, contained in para 28 of the statement of
claim was that the various sums remitted by him had been advanced by way of
loans rendered and guaranteed by the respective parties. The particulars of
this allegation were as follows:

_Particulars_  
---  
|  _Date of Loan_ |  _Amount_ |  _Loan Recipient_ |  _Guarantors_  
(i) |  3rd June 1998 |  S$276,880  
(US$153,822.22) |  [Teamasia] |  [Mr Mok and Mr Subbarao]  
(ii) |  11th October 1999 |  US$250,000 |  [TSI] |  [Mr Mok, Mr Subbarao and Teamasia]  
(iii) |  2nd November 1999 |  US$500,000 |  [TSI] |  [Mr Mok Mr Subbarao and Teamasia]  
(iv) |  14th December 1999 |  US$299,928.69  
________________ |  [TSI] |  [Mr Mok, Mr Subbarao and Teamasia]  
|  Total |  US$1,203,750.91 |  |   
  
7 Mr Ding was not able to effect service of the writ of summons in Suit 1515
on Mr Subbarao and therefore when the trial of that action came on for hearing
before Woo Bih Li J in March 2003, the claim was proceeded with against Mr Mok
and the two company defendants only. These defendants did not dispute that all
the sums claimed had been advanced. The main defence put up was that the sums
were loans that were not recoverable as they had been made by an unlicensed
moneylender. On the first day of the trial, Mr Mok applied to amend his
defence and was granted leave to do so. In the course of the trial, counsel
for Mr Mok put questions relating to an allegation that Mr Mok had repaid
US$300,000 and MR200,000 to Mr Ding. Woo J did not allow questions thereon
because no defence of partial repayment had been pleaded. On the last day of
trial, after Mr Ding’s case was closed, Mr Mok applied to amend his defence
further by including the partial prepayment defence. Woo J did not allow this
application. In his judgment ([2003] SGHC 114) he explained (at [23]):

I noted that Ding’s Counsel had already said during his opening statement that
Ding’s claims __excluded__ other sums he had advanced. If the monies Ding
admittedly received were not applied to pay those other sums, then the
Defendants should have raised this point right from the time when the Re-
Amended Statement of Claim was served and, having failed to do so, they should
have applied for leave to amend their Defences before Ding’s case was closed.
As it was, I had already granted leave for Mok to amend his Defence on the
first day of the trial in respect of a different point.

(emphasis original)

8 Woo J granted judgment, in part, to Mr Ding. He found that the moneys
advanced by Mr Ding were in the nature of loans and not by way of investment.
The shares promised to him were really in lieu of interest and the fact that
Mr Ding was also entitled to be appointed as a director of TA Holdings and
Teamasia, did not change the nature of the advances as loans. In respect of
the money lending defence, Woo J held that Mr Ding was not a moneylender
although he had lent out money for repayment with interest because his loans
had been made to the same group of entities and were for the same purpose
which was to acquire shares in a business in an industry which was he was
familiar.

9 Woo J then went on to deal with the liability of Mr Mok and the other
defendants for the repayment of sums due under the November Agreement. He
noted that there was some disconnection between the way in which the statement
of claim in the action was worded and the way in which the November Agreement
had been drafted:

61 It seems to me that Ding's solicitors had used the words “Loan Recipient”
in para 28 of the Re-Amended Statement of Claim to mean “Borrowers” although
the latter expression is preferable so as not to confuse borrowers with
recipients of the loan monies. After all, recipients of loan monies are not
necessarily the borrowers. Indeed, the November 1999 agreement makes the
situation confusing by failing to distinguish clearly between (a) borrowers,
(b) parties who have the benefit or use of the loans and (c) guarantors, if
any.

62 Thus, recital (A) of the November 1999 agreement states that at the request
of Mok and Subba, Ding has and will be providing funds for the use of the TA
Companies (as defined therein). Recital (C) states that the November 1999
agreement consolidates all previous agreements “in respect of funds provided
by Ding (either directly or indirectly through Mok and/or Subbarao or
otherwise) to or on behalf of the TA Companies”. Then, suddenly, in the
definition section, clause 1.1 states ‘“Borrowers” means Mok, Subbarao and the
TA Companies.’

…

65 The matter is made more confusing because para 28 of the Re-Amended
Statement of Claim asserts liability against Mok for the four sums stated
therein as guarantor. It also asserts liability against Teamasia Singapore as
guarantor for three of the four sums therein. However, there is no mention of
a guarantee in the November 1999 agreement. On the contrary, Mok, Subba and
the TA Companies (as defined therein) are, as I have said, defined as
“Borrowers”. Furthermore, from clauses 4 and 5 of the November 1999 agreement
regarding re-payment of the loans and interest, it appears that each of the
“Borrowers” has principal liability and not liability as guarantor.

66 In the circumstances, I am not inclined to make a finding of liability
against Mok or Teamasia Singapore as guarantor in respect of all the four sums
except for one qualification. In para 9 of Mok’s Amended Defence, read
together with para 3.1 of the same, Mok has admitted that he stood as surety
in respect of the sum of $276,880 which was for the use of Teamasia Singapore,
meaning Teamasia Singapore was the borrower.

10 Having come to the conclusion that Mr Mok was not liable under the November
Agreement as a guarantor, Woo J by [69] of his judgment granted judgment to Mr
Ding as follows:

(a) Mok is to pay Ding $30,000 forthwith with contractual interest thereon at
2% per month from 1 January 1998 until judgment (since contractual interest is
claimed until judgment only).

(b) Teamasia Singapore, as borrower, and Mok, as guarantor, are to pay Ding
$276,880 forthwith. I am not granting judgment in respect of the shares and
directorship stated in clauses 2.1.1 and 2.1.2 of the November 1999 agreement
as it is uncertain whether and how much of the 4% of the shares in TA Holdings
and whether the appointment of Ding as a director of TA Holdings are
attributable to the sum of $276,880 only.

(c) TSI, as borrower, is to pay Ding USD250,000, USD500,000 and USD299,978.60
forthwith. I am not granting judgment against Mok or Teamasia Singapore in
respect of these three sums since the claims against them for these sums were
on the basis that they were guarantors and they are not guarantors.

(d) TSI, as borrower, is to pay Ding damages in lieu of specific performance
for the shares and directorship mentioned in para 67 above. The damages are to
be assessed by the Registrar of the Supreme Court. … Again, I am not granting
judgment against Mok or Teamasia Singapore in respect of the damages because
the shares are in lieu of interest and Mok and the third defendant are not
liable as guarantors.

For completeness I note that Woo J also allowed Mr Mok’s counterclaim and
granted him judgment for $30,000 against Mr Ding and ordered that this amount
was to be set-off against Mr Ding’s personal loan of $30,000 to Mr Mok.

11 When Mr Mok read Woo J’s judgment, he considered that Woo J had absolved
him from all liability in respect of the sums of US$250,000, US$500,000 and
US$299,978.60 which Mr Ding had claimed in para 28 of the statement of claim
in Suit 1515. Woo J had only ordered him to pay, as guarantor, the sum of
$276,880. Mr Mok recalled that prior to the institution of Suit 1515, he had
paid Mr Ding three sums of money _viz_ $240,000, $519,000 (the actual amount
paid was US$300,000 but using the rate of conversion applicable at the time of
payment, in Singapore dollars this was $519,000) and RM200,000. These amounts
when totalled up exceeded the total amount of the judgment against him in Suit
1515. Mr Mok came to the conclusion that Woo J’s holding meant that he had
overpaid Mr Ding by reason of a mistake of law and that he was entitled to
recover from Mr Ding the amounts paid by mistake.

The present proceedings

12 This action was commenced on 13 February 2004. It took some time to come to
trial because in the intervening period, Mr Mok was declared a bankrupt and
the official assignee’s consent had to be obtained and certain other
formalities had to be complied with in order to enable him to proceed with the
action.

13 In his amended statement of claim, Mr Mok set out the circumstances that
led to the conclusion of the November Agreement and the institution of Suit
1515. He pleaded that Woo J had granted judgment to Mr Ding against him in
respect of the sum of $276,880 only and that in respect of the other sums
claimed judgment had been ordered against TSI only. Next, he averred that Mr
Ding’s appeal against this decision to the Court of Appeal had been dismissed
in November 2003. By para 6, Mr Mok pleaded that prior to the institution of
Suit 1515 and in response to Mr Ding’s demands for repayment, he had made the
following payments:

(a) on 8 October 1999, he had paid the sum of $240,000 to CCD Enterprise, a
business controlled by Mr Ding;

(b) on 31 January 2001, he had paid $519,000 (US$300,000) to Mr Ding (it
should be noted that in various places in the documents and the submissions
the amount paid was stated as being $519,150 but since $519,000 is the pleaded
amount, I will use that figure only); and

(c) he had arranged for the sum of RM200,000 to be paid into the account of
A&K Industries Sendirian Berhad (“A&K”), a Malaysian company under Mr Ding’s
control.

He then pleaded:

7\. As the High Court in Suit 1515/2001/Y had determined that “Teamasia Pte
Ltd as Borrower and Mok, as guarantor, are to pay Ding $276,880 forthwith”, it
would appear that the Plaintiff has overpaid Ding prior to the institution of
Suit 1515/2001/Y.

14 Mr Mok claimed back all three sums as being overpayments to Mr Ding. In the
alternative, he asserted that he had mistakenly made repayment to Mr Ding in
excess of his liability as guarantor for the loans made by Mr Ding to the
Teamasia group. He asserted that he was entitled in law to demand repayment of
the sums which had been made by mistake. Specifically, in para 7 he stated
that the amount in Singapore dollars that he had paid was $759,000 and when
the judgment amount ($276,880) in Suit 1515 was deducted from this amount, the
amount that he had overpaid was $482,120 and he therefore claimed that amount
as an overpayment. In addition, of course, he claimed the sum of RM200,000
which was also an overpayment.

15 In his defence and counterclaim Mr Ding asserted that the sum of $240,000
was paid on 8 October 1999 by Mr Mok to him towards funds advanced to Mr Mok
which did not form any part of the claim under the November Agreement made in
Suit 1515. Mr Ding then alleged that the sums of $519,000 and RM200,000 had
been paid by Mr Mok to him towards the satisfaction of various trade debts
(“the trade debts”) and gave the following particulars of the same:

_Description_ _Amount_

a. Goods ordered by CCD Enterprise from US$155,175  
Strong Electronics on the instructions of  
Mr Mok under purchase order no.  
TP9805/CCD3002 dated 5th May 1998

b. Good ordered by CCD Enterprise from US$121,189.80  
Hsin Semiconductors and Teck  
International on the instructions of  
Mr Mok under purchase order no.  
TP9806/CCD3015 dated 25th  June 1988

c. Goods ordered by CCD Enterprise from US$105,085.22  
Teck International on the instructions  
of Mr Mok under purchase order no.  
TP9807/CCD3016 dated 9th  July 1998  
**** **Total US$381,450.02**

Mr Ding further averred that the said goods ordered by his firm, CCD
Enterprise were supplied to Teamasia at Mr Mok’s request.

16 It was further pleaded that the sums of $240,000, $519,000 and RM200,000
were paid by Mr Mok to Mr Ding towards the trade debts that were advanced to
Mr Mok and/or on behalf of Mr Subbarao, Teamasia, TSI and TA USA. Further, at
the time of the payment of the sums of $519,000 and RM200,000, Mr Mok had
orally informed Mr Ding that the moneys were being paid in payment of all
debts, including but not limited to the trade debts, due and owing by
Teamasia, Mr Subbarao and Mr Mok to CCD Enterprise and Mr Ding. Since at the
time he made payment, Mr Mok did not exercise his option to appropriate the
payments towards any particular debt, Mr Ding had appropriated the said
payments towards settlement of the trade debts.

17 In the alternative, it was pleaded that if Mr Mok had paid the sums claimed
under a mistake, Mr Mok was estopped from recovering the said moneys because
Mr Ding had altered his position as a result of the representation of Mr Mok
namely that:

(a) Mr Mok had failed and/or refused and/or neglected to raise this issue in
his defence in Suit 1515;

(b) the payment was made for good consideration to discharge the trade debts
which Mr Mok was authorised to discharge;

(c) the purported mistake was a mistake of law; and

(d) the moneys had been used by Mr Ding in the operation of his companies and
businesses in Singapore and Malaysia.

18 A further defence of estoppel was raised on the basis that Mr Mok had
failed or neglected to raise the issue of the repayments in Suit 1515 and,
even if the issues were raised, the repayments had been dealt with by Woo J in
that suit. By filing a fresh claim for the return of the repayments, Mr Mok
was seeking to circumvent the decision made by Woo J in Suit 1515.

19 Next, Mr Ding raised the defence of set-off and said that if he was liable
to Mr Mok on the claim, he was entitled to set-off so much of the sums claimed
by way of counterclaim as sufficient to diminish or extinguish Mr Mok’s claim.
In his counterclaim, he counterclaimed the sum of $240,000 and the sum of
US$381,450.02 being the trade debts.

20 In his reply, Mr Ding specifically denied that he had orally informed Mr
Mok that his payments were being made towards all debts including the trade
debts. He also asserted that Mr Ding had no right to appropriate the sums of
$519,000 and RM200,000 to the payment of the trade debts. Mr Ding’s asserted
change of position was not accepted.

The issues

21 The issues arising from the pleadings are both factual and legal. As far as
Mr Mok’s case is concerned, the main issues are as follows:

(a) whether Mr Mok made the two payments in question (hereinafter referred to
as “the repayments”) in partial settlement of his liability under the November
Agreement or whether he made them to account of the liabilities of the TA
Companies and Mr Subbarao and himself to Mr Ding generally;

(b) if Mr Mok’s repayments were specifically for the November Agreement, were
they made because he thought he was legally liable for the same or were they
made for other reasons; and

(c) if Mr Mok made the repayments believing he was legally liable for the
same, was that belief a mistake of law?

22 In relation to the defence and counterclaim, the main issues are:

(a) whether Mr Ding had established that the amounts of the trade debts were
US$155,175, US$121,189.80 and US$105,085.22 as alleged;

(b) whether the repayments were paid towards all debts, including but not
limited to the trade debts, due and owing by Teamasia, Mr Subbarao and Mr Mok
to CCD Enterprise and Mr Ding;

(c) whether Mr Ding was entitled to appropriate the payments made by Mr Mok
entirely towards satisfaction of the trade debts;

(d) whether Mr Mok is estopped from recovering the moneys paid to Mr Ding by
reason of any alteration of Mr Ding’s position;

(e) whether Mr Mok is estopped from recovering the moneys paid to Mr Ding in
view of the fact that he did not raise the issue of the repayments in Suit
1515 (the _res judicata_ issue); and

(f) whether Mr Ding’s counterclaim and set-off can be maintained.

It is clear that the issues on each side overlap to a considerable extent.

The law

23 Since the Court of Appeal decision in _Management Corp Strata Title No. 473
v De Beers Jewellery Pte Ltd_ [2002] 2 SLR 1 (“the _De Beers_ case”), the law
in Singapore has been that a plaintiff who has paid money to a defendant in
the mistaken belief that the law imposed an obligation on him to make such
payment, can recover the moneys so paid. The Court of Appeal in coming to that
decision applied the English House of Lords case of _Kleinwort Benson Ltd v
Lincoln City Council_ [1999] 2 AC 349. The English authorities prior to the
_Kleinwort Benson_ case established that a mistake of law occurred when a
paying party believed, at the time of making payment, that he was bound in law
to make such payment. The payer’s state of mind thus is of paramount
importance and the concept of mistake includes cases of sheer ignorance as
well as of positive but incorrect belief. See _Kleinwort Benson_ at p 409-410.
As _The Law of Restitution_ by Goff and Jones (Sixth Ed, London Sweet &
Maxwell 2002) states at para 5-005, however, a person who pays when he is in
doubt about what the law is will be denied recovery and his claim will also
fail if he made the payment in the knowledge that there was a ground to
contest liability. This is because in both situations it can be said that he
assumed the risk that he was mistaken. In relation to causation, the same
textbook at para 5-006 cites Lord Hope’s judgment in _Kleinwort Benson_ to the
effect that the plaintiff must prove that he would not have made the payment
had he known of the mistake at the time it was made. As regards defences,
apart from the two already mentioned, a plaintiff’s claim can fail because he
compromised the recipient’s claim or, possibly, because he settled an honest
claim (see para 5-010 of _The Law of Restitution_). In the _De Beers_ case,
the court accepted these two defences. It did not recognise either honest
receipt or estoppel by convention as affording a defence to a claim founded on
mistake of law and also held that if it was established that the payment had
been made under a settled view of the law and that view of the law was
subsequently changed by judicial decision, the recipient of the money would
not be liable to reimburse it.

Analysis of the case for the plaintiff

24 In paragraph 6 of his evidence-in-chief, Mr Mok stated that in response to
Mr Ding’s demands for repayment of loans made under the November Agreement, he
had made the following payments to Mr Ding:

(a) he paid the sum of $240,000 to Mr Ding in October 2000;

(b) he paid the sum of about US$300,000 (equal to $519,150) to Mr Ding on 19
December 2000; and

(c) he paid the sum of RM200,000 on 31 January 2001 into the account of A&K.

Mr Mok repeated that when he had made the repayments, he was labouring under
the mistaken belief that he was liable to Mr Ding for a far greater amount
(_ie_ US$1,203,750.91) under the terms of the November Agreement. In Suit
1515, however, Woo J had held that he was only liable to Mr Ding in the sum of
$276,880 in his capacity as guarantor of Teamasia. In the light of the said
judgment, Mr Mok had overpaid Mr Ding a total of $849,000 by mistake. He only
realised his mistake after the delivery of the judgment. He submitted that Mr
Ding had no right to retain the three sums and as he had been unjustly
enriched at Mr Mok’s expense, he had to be ordered to return the money.

25 It should be noted that in relation to the sum of $240,000, there were some
mistakes and discrepancies. First, in the statement of claim, Mr Mok had
pleaded that this amount had been paid to Mr Ding on 8 October _1999_. That
date was a date prior to the execution of the November Agreement and if the
money had been paid on that date, then it could have had nothing to do with
the November Agreement. In his affidavit of evidence-in-chief, therefore, Mr
Mok corrected the date of the payment to October _2000_. In support of his
assertion, he produced what he described as a “true copy of a bank statement
from DBS Bank to me and Kathleen Wong May Chin (my wife) in October 2000 and a
Bank Advice SLIP which shows that a cheque for S$240,000 was issued from the
account of myself and Kathleen Wong May Chin (my wife) in favour of CCD
Enterprise, a sole proprietor-firm of the Defendant”. When I looked at the
supporting documents he produced, however, I noticed that the DBS Debit Advice
Slip indicating to Mr Mok and his wife, Mdm Wong, that funds of $240,000 had
been transferred to the account of CCD Enterprise, was dated 28 October
_1999_. Further, the bank statement showing the debit of $240,000 was a
statement for the period 1 October _1999_ to 31 October _1999_. It appears to
me therefore that the original pleading in the statement of claim as to the
year in which payment was made was correct and Mr Mok’s assertions in his
affidavit of evidence-in-chief that the payment was made in October 2000 after
the conclusion of the November Agreement was wrong. As judgment has already
been given for the sum of $240,000 however, the significance of these
discrepancies relates only to the credibility of Mr Mok generally.

26 Turning back to the circumstances under which the payments of $519,000 and
RM200,000 were made, there was no dispute by Mr Ding that these repayments
were paid after the conclusion of the November Agreement and on the dates
asserted by Mr Mok _ie_ 19 December 2000 and 31 January 2001 respectively. Mr
Ding admitted receipt of the repayments. Mr Mok was, however, extensively
cross-examined on why he had made them.

27 The following evidence was elicited from Mr Mok under cross-examination:

(a) He agreed that the claims made by Mr Ding in Suit 1515 were in respect of
the November Agreement and that his assertion was that he had overpaid Mr Ding
with respect to the sums under Suit 1515. He also agreed that there were other
sums owed to Mr Ding apart from those sums.

(b) He agreed that he was saying that the repayments were a mistake because
they were in excess of his liability as a guarantor for the loans made by Mr
Ding and claimed under Suit 1515.

(c) He mentioned that Mr Ding was pressing him for repayment but he did not
recall whether Mr Ding specifically identified the amounts that were overdue
or whether it was his own thought that he had to try to honour the repayment
schedule in clause 4 of the November Agreement and settle those sums first.

(d) He agreed that when he paid the first amount of $519,000, the reason why
he made the payment was that Mr Ding was demanding money from him. Also, he
was trying to discharge his obligations under the November Agreement. He said
he had to satisfy the repayment schedule first. He agreed that he did not
specifically mention the November Agreement when he made the payment. Mr Mok
said he must have spoken to Mr Ding about the payment and he believed that he
told Mr Ding that the payment was from himself. He really could not recollect
whether or not he told Mr Ding what debt the payment was intended to satisfy.
He agreed that there was a possibility that he did not specify the purpose of
the payment. On the other hand, Mr Mok disagreed with the suggestion that
there was a likelihood he had told Mr Ding that the payments were meant for
all moneys due and owing to Mr Ding. I should note here that later in the
cross-examination Mr Mok asserted that he must have told Mr Ding that the
payment was being made towards the November Agreement.

(e) In respect of the RM200,000 payment, Mr Mok confirmed at one stage that he
could not remember whether he had told Mr Ding what that repayment was for.

(f) Mr Mok was questioned extensively as to why in Suit 1515, he had not
raised the repayments at the time his defence was first filed. His explanation
was that the TA Companies were grossly underfunded and he was then desperately
trying to keep them alive. Thus, he did not have much time to spend on Suit
1515 and had overlooked giving his attorney the necessary instructions. Whilst
he recognised the importance of the suit which contained a claim of over
US$1m, he was dealing with investments of between US$20m and US$30m and that
was why he spent more time trying to keep the companies afloat. He forgot
therefore to instruct his lawyer on his partial repayments. He only remembered
the repayments when he saw the documents attached to Mr Ding’s affidavit of
evidence-in-chief shortly before the trial of Suit 1515.

(g) It was put to him that his explanation was not credible because on the
first day of the trial, he had applied for leave to amend his defence by
including a counterclaim for $30,000 and at that stage he could have applied
to include the repayments as well. His answer was difficult to understand. Mr
Mok said:

This 30,000 was in respect of a personal loan and it was not --- it was
different from the other amounts that, er, were actually not under my
personal, er, er --- I mean the money was not given to me. So I think --- at
that time I was under the impression that signing the loan agreement, er, I
was liable to --- to pay for the full amount of $1.2 million, so I think the
repayments that I made didn’t come to that amount …

Under further questioning, he maintained that he had not raised the repayments
in his defence because of the work pressure at the time. I asked him why he
was concerned about $30,000 and not concerned about the US$500,000 that he had
allegedly prepaid and he said that it was very difficult to explain but he
could have had a mental block and somehow forgotten to put this fact in his
defence.

(h) Mr Mok testified that when in December 2000 and January 2001 he had made
the repayments, he had done so without legal advice. These repayments had come
from him and were made to settle his own liability and were not made on behalf
of anybody else. He did not agree that he had told Mr Ding that the payments
were made towards all debts that were owed by Mr Subbarao, the Teamasia
companies and he himself. He could not agree to that suggestion because he was
more concerned with his position as the signatory to the November Agreement
and there was no reason to pay any other so-called debts for which he was not
a guarantor. He agreed, however, that when he spoke to Mr Ding, he was asking
for more time in which to settle the remaining debt. He agreed also that it
was obviously the case that he wanted more time when he made the two payments.
He accepted that he knew, after the repayments were made, that there were
still moneys owing to Mr Ding.

(i) Later in his cross-examination, Mr Mok maintained that he must have told
Mr Ding that the money he was paying was from himself only and that he must
have also told Mr Ding that the repayments were made towards the November
Agreement. At that time (December 2000/ January 2001), there were also other
creditors asking for settlement of debts due from the TA Companies. Mr Mok
said he had invested a lot of time in the project and did not want the TA
Companies to go down. He agreed that when he spoke to Mr Ding hoping that the
payments would buy him more time, what he meant was that they would buy him
time for the TA Companies to pay up the balance due. He also agreed that at
that time he had assumed that he was liable for the payments. He did not make
any enquiries as to whether he was personally liable for the amounts due under
the November Agreement because of this assumption.

(j) In relation to the trade debts, Mr Mok’s position was that when he
approached Mr Ding to pay the suppliers of materials to Teamasia, he was
acting on behalf of Teamasia. His arrangement with Mr Ding was that once the
goods had been paid for and delivered to Teamasia’s customer, Teamasia would
repay Mr Ding out of the proceeds of sale received from the customer. He
agreed that in all three cases where Mr Ding had paid Teamasia’s suppliers,
Teamasia had itself received moneys for those goods but had not channelled
those payments towards repaying Mr Ding’s advances. This was because the
proceeds were used to keep Teamasia alive. According to Mr Mok’s calculation,
these proceeds would have been received in late 1998.

(k) Mr Mok also gave evidence on why he disputed two of the three trade debts.

28 On behalf of Mr Ding, it was submitted that Mr Mok could not succeed
because he was unable to prove that his alleged mistake was operative at the
time when he made the repayments. This was because:

(a) when the repayments were made, Mr Mok had clearly informed Mr Ding that
they were for all amounts due and owing by him and his companies including
Teamasia. The mistake could not have been operative because Mr Mok had
approached Mr Ding on behalf of the other debtors as well;

(b) it was Mr Mok’s intention when making the repayments to buy time to allow
not only himself but also the other debtors including the TA Companies to pay
the balance of what was due and owing; and

(c) the debts of the plaintiff and the debts of the TA Companies were
interlinked and when Mr Mok approached Mr Ding, he made no distinction between
the indebtedness of the TA Companies and his own indebtedness which he was
trying to discharge. The discharge of the TA Companies’ debts would also be a
discharge of his own debts.

29 In considering whether or not a mistake of law was operative in inducing
the payments, I have first to decide whether, as alleged by the defence, Mr
Mok told Mr Ding at the time the payments were made that they were meant to
discharge his own indebtedness and that of Mr Subbarao and the TA Companies.
During the rather long cross-examination to which he was subjected, Mr Mok did
not at any time agree that he had said all that. His recollection of what he
had said, however, was not precise and varied from time to time. At one stage,
he said that he could not remember what he had told Mr Ding. At another stage,
he said that he told Mr Ding that he was making the payment (that is meaning
that he was making on account of his own liability). Later on, he said that he
must have told Mr Ding that the payments were being made in connection with
the November Agreement. As a result of all these changes in his testimony, I
do not think that I can rely on his recollection of events in relation to
these statements and must determine the issue differently.

30 To me, it is unlikely that Mr Mok would have made the long statement on
payment in the manner alleged by the defence. It is also unlikely that Mr Mok
would have said that payment was being made specifically in respect of the
November Agreement. This is because both Mr Mok and Mr Ding were, on both of
the dates on which payment was made, well aware of what was owing to Mr Ding
and who was responsible for the debts. Indeed, Mr Ding had been pressing Mr
Mok for payment ever since the designated payment dates set out in cl 4.1 of
the November Agreement had not been honoured. In that situation, what Mr Mok
was most likely to have told Mr Ding was simply that he was sending him a
partial repayment of the particular amount that was on the way. He would not
have said it was for the November Agreement; he would not have specified that
he was paying his own indebtedness rather than that of the companies or Mr
Subbarao; and, _a fortiori_ , he would not have said that the payment was
being made towards discharge of all indebtedness of the TA Companies, himself
and Mr Subbarao. I believe that Mr Mok did not recall precisely what had been
said and changed his version as he went along to try and strengthen his
position. Probably his most accurate assertion in court was the one he resiled
from later _ie_ that he had told Mr Ding that he was making a repayment but
did not specifically mention the November Agreement or on whose behalf he was
making the payment. I also believe, however, that it would have been the
November Agreement that was uppermost in Mr Mok’s mind at the time the
payments were made, not only because it contained a repayment schedule but
because it had been drafted with the intention of documenting the liability of
Mr Mok and Mr Subbarao as well as that of the TA Companies for the repayment
of the various amounts advanced by Mr Ding. I accept that Mr Mok would have
been concerned about the legal consequences of the November Agreement and
would have been endeavouring to mitigate the same. In relation to the November
Agreement, I think the defence is right and that Mr Mok made no distinction
between his own liability and that of the other parties to that contract. He
did not need to do so, however, as any payment towards that indebtedness would
reduce all parties’ liability for the same.

31 Analysing the evidence, it also appears to me that at the time he made both
payments, Mr Mok’s main concern was to prevent any action being taken by Mr
Ding that would jeopardise the business project then being undertaken in India
by the TA Companies. It was clear from everything that he said in court that
during the period between 1999 and the time when Suit 1515 came on for
hearing, Mr Mok’s focus was on keeping the TA Companies afloat. Considering
that he ascribed his failure to take the obvious step of pleading the
repayments in his defence in Suit 1515, to his need to keep the companies
going and ascribed his inability to concentrate on other matters to the effort
that that required, one can readily accept that the repayments were made with
one predominant motive: to buy time for the TA Companies so that there would
be more opportunity for the business to succeed and for income to be generated
to repay the indebtedness. Mr Mok admitted in court that this was one of the
reasons that he made the repayments (though he also said that he had done so
under a misapprehension as to his legal liability). It cannot be gainsaid that
this purpose was achieved: the repayments were made in December 2000 and
January 2001 and, as a result, at least ten months’ time was bought for the TA
Companies: Suit 1515 was not started until November 2001. If it had not been
for the repayments, that action would probably have been commenced very much
earlier (especially considering that under the November Agreement more than
US$1m had to be repaid by the end of January 2000).

32 I have therefore come to the conclusion that when he made the repayments,
Mr Mok’s main purpose was to forestall any action that Mr Ding might take to
enforce the November Agreement. He intended the repayments to reduce the
indebtedness under that contract and show Mr Ding that if he was patient and
gave the companies and Mr Mok time, Mr Ding could expect further repayment. If
nothing else, the two repayments would have indicated to Mr Ding that Mr Mok
was not trying to escape from any of his liabilities at that time. Since Mr
Mok acted with that purpose and that purpose was achieved in that Mr Ding did
give the companies and the individuals further time to return his loans, I do
not consider that Mr Mok has been able to establish that whatever mistake he
was labouring under in regard to his personal liability was operative in
causing the payments to be made. To put it another way, it appears to me that
even if Mr Mok had known he was not personally liable for the indebtedness, he
would have funded the repayments anyway, so pressing was his need and desire
to keep the TA Companies afloat.

33 There is another point in this connection, one that was not emphasised by
the parties but bears mention. The ground on which Woo J held that Mr Mok was
not liable in Suit 1515 was that he had been sued as a guarantor and it was
quite clear from the terms of the document that Mr Mok did not assume
liability as a guarantor under it. Woo J did not comment, since it was not
necessary for him to do so, whether Mr Mok was liable in any other capacity.
He did, however, note that under cl 4 of the document, the four parties
concerned had been named “Borrowers” and that each of the Borrowers was made
liable as a principal debtor. With respect, I agree with Woo J’s analysis of
the November Agreement and consider that the mistake of law was one that was
made equally by Mr Mok and Mr Ding. They must have thought that Mr Mok was
liable as a guarantor when his true liability was that of a principal debtor,
a liability that he had specifically assumed when he entered into the November
Agreement in the full knowledge that the monies that had already been advanced
by Mr Ding had been advanced for the use of the TA Companies and the intention
that the further monies coming in were also to be used by the TA Companies, in
particular, TSI. At that stage Mr Mok was willing to borrow monies for the use
of the TA Companies, because his aim was to help them succeed in their Indian
venture. It appears to me, therefore, that if Mr Mok took the view that he was
personally liable to repay the monies when he remitted funds to Mr Ding in
December 2000 and January 2001 he was not making a mistake of law even though
he was not a guarantor.

34 The above findings mean that Mr Mok’s claim herein for repayment of
$519,000 and RM200,000 on the basis of a mistake of law cannot succeed. I am
proceeding, however, to deal briefly with the defences raised in order to
determine whether, had my finding on the operative mistake been different, Mr
Mok could have succeeded in his claim.

Analysis of the defence

35 I have dealt above with the defence submissions on operative mistake. The
defence also made submissions under the following headings:

(a) appropriation of payment;

(b) assumption of risk;

(c) change of position;

(d) good consideration; and

(e) _res judicata_.

**_Appropriation of payment_**

36 On the appropriation of payment point, it was submitted that when Mr Mok
made the repayments, he did not specify what they were for except to say that
they were meant for all debts due and owing by Mr Mok and his companies to Mr
Ding. Counsel for the defence reminded me of the general principle that where
severable debts are due from a debtor to a creditor, if the debtor does not
appropriate a payment to a particular debt, the creditor may do so. In this
case, as Mr Mok had not told Mr Ding which particular debt his repayments were
supposed to satisfy, it was open to Mr Ding to appropriate the repayments to
discharge the trade debts owed by Teamasia. Having made this appropriation, Mr
Ding then started Suit 1515 to recover the amounts due under the November
Agreement.

37 Counsel for Mr Mok had no quarrel with the general principle of law cited
by the defence. What he disputed, however, was the relationship between Mr Mok
and Mr Ding in relation to the trade debts. He submitted that the trade debts
were owed to Mr Ding by Teamasia only and therefore there was no relationship
of debtor and creditor between Mr Mok and Mr Ding in relation to the trade
debts. Accordingly, Mr Ding had no right to appropriate Mr Mok’s payments to
satisfy obligations for which Mr Mok was not responsible.

38 I have found as a matter of fact that Mr Mok did not tell Mr Ding that he
was making the payments towards all debts that he and the Teamasia companies
owed the latter. In my judgment, all that Mr Mok said was that he was making a
partial repayment. I accept that Mr Mok did not say that the partial
repayments were towards the November Agreement but, as I have already said, in
the circumstances that existed at the time, Mr Ding would have been aware that
it was the indebtedness under this contract that was being partially paid.
Therefore, Mr Ding would not have been entitled to appropriate the payments
towards settlement of the trade debts. Even if Mr Ding had no inkling that the
payments were for the November Agreement, he would only be entitled to use
funds provided by Mr Mok to settle the trade debts if Mr Mok was his creditor
in respect of those debts. This is the issue to which I now turn.

39 In the defence, Mr Ding had pleaded that the trade debts were due from Mr
Mok to Mr Ding for materials supplied by Mr Ding’s firm CCD Enterprise to
Teamasia. In his affidavit of evidence-in-chief, he stated that it was Mr Mok
who had asked him to help finance certain component purchases. At the time
(April/ May 1998) Mr Mok said that he needed Mr Ding’s assistance to pay for
certain components purchased by him and he would pay Mr Ding after the
components were delivered to the end-purchasers. Teamasia was not mentioned
then. It was only after Mr Ding had agreed that he was informed that Mr Mok
was making the purchases and deliveries to Teamasia. The first trade debt was
incurred on 5 May 1998. Subsequently in June and July 1998, Mr Mok again
approached Mr Ding and asked for help to fund purchases that he was making. Mr
Ding agreed to help and stated that his understanding with Mr Mok was that Mr
Mok would be personally responsible for paying any moneys due and owing to him
as a result of the second and third transactions. Mr Ding emphasised, both in
his affidavit and later when he was being cross-examined, that at the time he
was being asked to advance the trade debts, he hardly knew Teamasia and only
made the advances because he relied on Mr Mok.

40 During cross-examination, it appeared that Mr Ding had not been completely
open in his evidence. He was reminded that whilst the first trade debt was
advanced in May 1998, he had been dealing with Mr Mok and Mr Subbarao in
relation to Teamasia since late 1997 when he was invited by them to become an
investor in relation to Teamasia’s proposed acquisition of a publicly listed
company in India. According to Mr Ding’s statement of claim in Suit 1515, he
had made an oral agreement with Mr Mok and Mr Subbarao acting on behalf of
Teamasia in connection with this proposed acquisition. In performance of this
oral agreement, Mr Ding had advanced money to Teamasia and, as a result of
this advance, some time after February 1998, Teamasia had purchased a company
in India. It was clear from this evidence that Mr Ding had had dealings with
Teamasia prior to the advance of the first trade debt. Secondly, Mr Ding was
shown the documents that related to the trade debts. In each case, Teamasia
had sent Mr Ding/CCD Enterprise a purchase order whereunder it agreed to
purchase the goods specified therein from Mr Ding/CCD Enterprise at the prices
set out in the purchase order. Each of the purchase orders was signed on
behalf of Teamasia either by Mr Mok or by Mr Mok and Mr Subbarao. It was
pursuant to those purchase orders that Mr Ding took delivery of the goods from
Teamasia’s suppliers and paid for them and then “on-sold” them to Teamasia so
that Teamasia could deliver the goods to its own customers. The documentation
therefore showed only a relationship between Teamasia and Mr Ding (either in
his own name or in the name of his firm CCD Enterprise) in relation to these
purchases. There was no documentation showing any relationship between Mr Mok
and Mr Ding in respect of the trade advances. It would appear therefore that
the principal debtor in each of these cases was Teamasia. Since there was
nothing in writing from Mr Mok to support those purchases, Mr Ding could not
involve him as a guarantor.

41 The cross-examination also showed that Mr Ding had taken inconsistent
positions in relation to the trade debts. On the one hand, in his affidavit of
evidence-in-chief made on 7 March 2003 for the purposes of his action in Suit
1515, Mr Ding had stated that in early 1998, CCD Enterprise and another one of
his companies Peridin Pte Ltd had supplied TSI with semi-components through
Teamasia and these components had not been paid for up to the date of that
affidavit. The total amount owing he said was more than US$381,000. Before me,
Mr Ding was asked whether those trade debts of more than US$381,000 that he
had referred to in his affidavit in the earlier suit were the same trade debts
as the ones mentioned in his defence and counterclaim in this action. His
answer was that they were the same trade debts. It was then pointed out to him
that his position in Suit 1515 and his position in this suit were inconsistent
in that on 7 March 2003, he had stated that the trade debts were still due and
owing in full whilst in the present suit, his position was that the payments
made in December 2000 and January 2001 had been channelled or appropriated
towards the partial settlement of the trade debts. Mr Ding said he could not
see any inconsistency in his stand because the position was something “just
like jointly and severally guaranteed or something like that”. When I asked
him, however, whether he was saying that he could get payment from two people
for the same debt twice, he replied in the negative. Subsequently, he agreed
that if there was a double claim, it must have been his oversight.

42 These inconsistencies in Mr Ding’s stand cast doubt on his assertions that
he had appropriated the repayments made by Mr Mok towards satisfaction of the
trade debts at the time when the repayments were made. It would seem that his
decision to appropriate them towards the trade debts was only taken after Suit
1515 was decided and Mr Mok filed this action asking for recovery on the basis
of mistake. Mr Ding’s failure to immediately appropriate the repayments
towards settlement of the trade debts indicates to me that at the time he
received the moneys, he was aware that Mr Mok was concerned with liability
under the November Agreement and seeking to reduce that rather than to settle
the trade debts.

43 I have come to the conclusion that Mr Ding’s advances in respect of the
trade debts were made to Teamasia and not to Mr Mok. There was no relationship
of creditor and debtor between the two men vis-à-vis the trade debts.
Accordingly, Mr Ding was not entitled on receipt of the repayments to use them
to pay off the trade debts. I should also mention here that the amount of the
trade debts claimed by Mr Ding appeared to be overstated although I accept
that he made advances in respect of all three consignments. Whilst Mr Ding was
not able to produce the letter of credit which had been utilised to pay for
the first purchase, I accept the evidence given by Mr Manaivalan, a former
employee of Teamasia, that he took delivery of these goods and the other two
consignments from the respective suppliers. I agree with counsel for Mr Ding
that these deliveries would not have been made had the goods not been paid
for. The quantum of the second trade debt appears, however, to have been
inflated. This is because while the purchase order that Teamasia issued to Mr
Ding was for US$121,189.80, the tax invoice issued by the supplier of the
goods was only for US$70,297.50 and Mr Ding settled this amount by paying the
supplier the equivalent amount in Singapore dollars _ie_ $116,693.85. In his
defence, Mr Ding pleaded that the second trade debt was in the sum of
US$121,189.80 but his own documentation does not support that figure. Mr Ding
has not been able to show that he took delivery of goods worth US$121,189.80
or that he paid that sum to the supplier. Accordingly, as far as the second
trade debt is concerned, the amount due would be US$70,297.50 or $116,693.85
being the amount actually advanced by Mr Ding.

**_Assumption of risk_**

44 This argument was based on the principle as set out at para 4-030 of _The
Law of Restitution_ by Goff and Jones (Sixth Ed, London, Sweet & Maxwell 2002)
that if the payer had assumed the risk of his mistake, then recovery will be
denied. Paragraph 4-032 of the same text explains:

Much depends on the circumstances in which the payment was made; for example,
whether the payer has waived any or any further investigation of the facts.
Whether a person has assumed the risk is a question of fact. If he had doubts
and swallowed them, he should be denied recovery. Similarly, a restitutionary
claim should fail if he paid, having taken the chance that his view of the
facts may be mistaken, or if he could not be bothered to investigate further
whether he was mistaken. The payer is particularly vulnerable if the payment
was made in response to the payee’s honest claim, which is accompanied by the
threat of legal proceedings if the payer did not satisfy it. Money paid under
compulsion of legal process cannot be recovered on the grounds of mistake. The
plaintiff cannot choose his own time for litigation. If he is sued, he must
fight or submit; if he chooses to submit, his submission cannot be revoked on
the ground that he was then mistaken.

45 The defence submitted that Mr Mok had assumed the risk of his mistake when
he made the payments because:

(a) he did not query the outstanding amount due and owing by him or the
companies;

(b) he did not investigate as to what was owing by him and what was not (he
explained that he did not specifically make any enquiries as to whether he was
liable for the payments as he presumed he was liable);

(c) on Mr Mok’s own evidence, he paid without specifying whether the payment
was made in respect of his liabilities or the liabilities of the TA Companies;

(d) Mr Mok did not seek legal advice on whether he was liable to make the
payments although he knew of their importance;

(e) at the time he made the payments, Mr Mok knew of the existence of the
trade debts but he did not specify that the repayments were not meant for the
trade debts; and

(g) Mr Mok continued to make payments despite being concerned (as he claimed)
regarding what he was liable for and what the TA Companies were liable for.

46 From the factual matters relied on by the defence to establish that Mr Mok
took the risk of his mistake, it can be seen that this principle is akin to
the requirement that the mistake must be operative in order to found recovery.
Having found that, factually, payment was made because Mr Mok wanted to buy
time for the TA Companies (if not himself), it is not difficult to find
further that if at the time Mr Mok was labouring under the mistaken impression
that he was personally liable for the amounts, he nevertheless was content to
take the risk of his assumption being wrong because he needed to placate Mr
Ding. As counsel pointed out, Mr Mok had admitted that at the time of payment
he had taken no steps to ascertain the amounts that were still actually due or
to get advice on his legal liability for the indebtedness to Mr Ding whether
the same arose under the November Agreement or in respect of the trade debts.
If Mr Mok was really concerned with what he was liable for as opposed to what
the TA Companies were liable for, he would, at the least, have made some
enquiries before making any payment. He would also have told Mr Ding who the
repayments were coming from and what debts they were supposed to settle. He
would have pressed for an acknowledgement from Mr Ding. Since Mr Mok did not
bother to do this even orally, let alone in writing, I do not accept that at
the time the repayments were made, his first concern was his liability. He
made the repayments for a different purpose and, in so doing, took the risk
that he was mistaken as to his liability. Whilst Mr Ding had not yet started
legal proceedings for recovery, Mr Mok was well aware at that time that there
was a possibility of such action being taken if no payment was made. If legal
proceedings had started and Mr Mok had made payment, he would not have been
able to recover the same. Just because in this case that step was staved off
for a while as a result of the repayments, I do not think the recovery
position should be different. I hold therefore that this ground of the defence
has been made out.

**_Change of position_**

47 The principle that a defendant to a restitutionary claim cannot be called
upon to make repayment if he has changed his position after receipt of the
payment, is one that is well established. The defence argued that that
principle applied in this case.

48 The basis of the argument was Mr Mok’s failure to include in his pleaded
defence in Suit 1515 the two payments made in December 2000 and January 2001.
It was asserted that if the repayments had been made by Mr Mok to satisfy
outstanding amounts under the November Agreement, then his pleading to this
effect in his defence in Suit 1515 would have been an admission on his part
that he was liable for the other moneys claimed in that suit. As Mr Mok did
not make that pleading (or at least did not try to until it was too late), the
claim for the recovery of the indebtedness under the November Agreement was
disposed of without Mr Ding having a chance to make use of the admissions by
Mr Mok as to liability. As the claims under the November Agreement had been
dealt with by the time that this action was started, the defendant was not
able to raise the repayments as admissions made in Suit 1515. Therefore the
defendant had changed his position to his detriment.

49 With respect, like the plaintiff, I do not understand the above argument.
When Mr Mok applied to amend his defence in Suit 1515 to include the
repayments, Mr Ding objected to that amendment and it was not allowed. Mr Ding
cannot therefore say that it was action on the part of Mr Mok that caused him
to change his position. In any case, I do not see in what manner Mr Ding
changed his position because of the pleadings in Suit 1515. The fact that Mr
Ding was unable to rely on admissions in Suit 1515 did not cause him to change
his position in that suit. His stand there was that Mr Mok was indebted to him
under the November Agreement and had to pay up. He did not give Mr Mok or any
of the other debtors any credit for the two repayments and therefore he was
able to obtain a judgment against TSI for three amounts claimed without any
reduction to reflect the repayments. Instead of suffering a detriment
therefore, he benefited from Mr Mok’s omission. This defence is not available
to Mr Ding.

**_Good consideration_**

50 In the well known case of _Barclays Bank v. WJ Simms Ltd_ [1980] 1 Q.B 677,
Goff J, after reviewing the law relating to the recovery of payments made
under a mistake of fact, laid down various propositions. One of these was that
the claim for recovery may fail if it is shown that the payment concerned was
made for good consideration, in particular if the money was paid to discharge,
and did discharge, a debt owed to the payee by the payer or by a third party
by whom he is authorised to discharge the debt.

51 The argument was that Mr Ding had satisfied this requirement in two ways.
First, it was contended that there was good consideration for the repayments
because Mr Mok had admitted that he had made the repayments in the hope that
Mr Ding would give him more time to settle the outstanding balance due from
the TA Companies and himself. Mr Mok had agreed in court that the TA Companies
were suffering from severe cash flow problems and he was trying to keep them
afloat. After the second repayment in January 2001, Mr Ding did not make any
further demand for repayment until November 2001 and thus he granted the
debtors time from January to November to repay the debt. The second point was
that the repayments were made to discharge the trade debts which Mr Mok was
authorised to discharge. This followed from the facts that he was then the
managing director of Teamasia, that he had approached Mr Ding on behalf of the
TA Companies when he asked the latter to advance the trade debts and that he
wanted to buy time for the companies when he made the repayments. In making
the payments, he was thus authorised on behalf of Teamasia to discharge its
indebtedness in relation to the trade debts and since he did not inform Mr
Ding that the payments were not meant for the trade debts, the latter was
entitled to use the money to discharge the trade debts.

52 I have dealt with the first argument in relation to the operative mistake
point and need not dwell on it. As for the second point, the fact that Mr Mok
was trying to buy time for the TA Companies and himself under the November
Agreement must have been obvious to Mr Ding. He himself relied on it in
relation to the good consideration argument. He must have known which
indebtedness the monies were intended to pay and that was not the trade debts
which were the liability of Teamasia alone. No, it was the liability of the
borrowers under the November Agreement, in particular that of TSI which was
the company that was going to be the money-spinner, that Mr Mok was concerned
about. Mr Ding’s own assertion that Mr Mok had said the repayments were for
all the debts including the debts of Mr Subbarao, the TA Companies and
himself, reflected his awareness of this fact since the only document which
imposed liability for various advances on all those disparate parties was the
November Agreement. In that situation it is difficult to infer that Mr Mok was
acting as the agent of Teamasia to pay debts that were Teamasia’s alone. In so
far as he was acting as an agent, he was acting to buy time for all the TA
Companies and therefore his authority to discharge debts for the other
borrowers would have been in respect of the amounts due under the November
Agreement only. Thus, this defence does not avail Mr Ding.

**_Res Judicata_**

53 The last defence need not detain me long. It was submitted that Mr Mok
ought to have raised the issue of the repayments in Suit 1515. There was no
reason why these repayments could not have been pleaded as a defence in that
action. Therefore the doctrine of _res judicata_ in the wider sense applied
and it was an abuse of the process of the court to raise in a subsequent
proceeding matters which could and should have been litigated in the earlier
proceedings.

54 I agree that the repayments should have been raised in Suit 1515. It was a
terrible oversight on Mr Mok’s part not to have tried to do so until after the
plaintiff’s case in that action was closed. If, however, those repayments had
been included in the pleadings of that suit, the issue of mistake would not
have arisen since what Mr Mok sought to do at that time was to reduce his
liability under the November Agreement rather than to recover the repayments.
Having found out from the judgment of Woo J that Mr Ding had sued him on the
wrong basis in Suit 1515, Mr Mok thought he had grounds to bring this action.
Whilst some of the issues raised here may have been raised in Suit 1515 had
the repayment issue surfaced there, the whole basis of this case is entirely
different from the earlier action and therefore, whilst this action fails on
its merits, I do not consider that it was an abuse of process.

Conclusion

55 For the reasons given above, this action fails and must be dismissed with
costs. It has not proven necessary for me to consider the counterclaim in
detail. The counterclaim must also fail, however, because I have found that Mr
Mok is not Mr Ding’s debtor in respect of the trade debts. Accordingly, the
counterclaim is also dismissed with costs.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 06 May 2008 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

