Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Pacific Recreation Pte Ltd v S Y Technology Inc and Another Appeal  
[2008] SGCA 1

Case Number | : | CA 136/2006, 137/2006  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 16 January 2008  
Tribunal/Court | : | Court of Appeal  
Coram | : |  Chan Sek Keong CJ; Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA; V K Rajah JA   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Chia Ho Choon and Leow Yuan An Clara Vivien (KhattarWong) for the appellants; Foo Maw Shen and Ong Wei Chin (Yeo Wee Kiong Law Corporation) for the respondent   
Parties | : |  Pacific Recreation Pte Ltd — S Y Technology Inc   
  
Companies – Winding up – Determining existence of substantial and bona fide
dispute – Whether court could evaluate evidence – Applicable standard  
  
Conflict of Laws – Choice of law – Contract – Deed without express choice of
law clause – Whether there was implied choice of Singapore or Chinese law –
Factors pointing away from implied choice of Chinese law but not towards
Singapore law – Which law having closest and most real connection with
contract – Applicable principles  
  
Courts and Jurisdiction – Judges – Natural justice – Court deciding case on
ground not raised by parties – Whether there was breach of audi alteram partem
principle  
  
Credit and Security – Guarantees and indemnities – Contracts of indemnity –
Deed of indemnity as security for financial assistance under void contract –
Whether indemnity's enforceability independent of underlying contract's
validity  
  
Evidence – Admissibility of evidence – Foreign law – Expert opinion –
Requirements for expert report – Duties of foreign law expert – Duties of
solicitor engaging foreign law expert – Order 40A rr 2, 3 Rules of Court (Cap
322, R 5, 2006 Rev Ed)  
  

16 January 2008 |   
---|---  
  
V K Rajah JA (delivering the grounds of decision of the court):

1 S Y Technology Inc, the respondent in the present appeals (“the
respondent”), applied to wind up Pacific Associates Pte Ltd (“PAPL”) and
Pacific Recreation Pte Ltd (“PRPL”) in Companies Winding Up Nos 69 and 68 of
2006 respectively. These applications were granted by the court below: see _S
Y Technology Inc v Pacific Recreation Pte Ltd_ [2007] 2 SLR 756 (“the GD”).
Both PAPL and PRPL appealed. We dismissed both appeals and now give our
reasons. For the purposes of these grounds of decision, PAPL and PRPL will be
collectively known as “the appellants”.

Factual background

2 The appellants’ managing director is Mr Lee Chong Ming (“Mr Lee”), who is
currently resident in Canada. Mr Lee and the appellants owned shares in Laien
Holdings Pte Ltd (“Laien”) when it was first incorporated. Laien is the parent
company of Shanghai Pacific Club Co Ltd (“Shanghai Pacific”), a company
incorporated in the People’s Republic of China.

3 Shanghai Pacific required additional financing for a project to develop a
club in Shanghai (“the project”). Mr Lee approached Mr John Shih, the director
and sole shareholder of the respondent, an American company, and eventually
obtained the required financial assistance for the project from the
respondent.

4 On 21 January 2003, the respondent, Shanghai Pacific and Mr Lee entered into
an agreement, drafted in Chinese, which spelt out the financing arrangements
(“the 2003 contract”). The 2003 contract stipulated, _inter alia_ , that:

(a) To facilitate the granting of a loan by the Shanghai branch of the
Industrial and Commercial Bank of China (“ICBC Shanghai”) in Chinese renminbi
to Shanghai Pacific for the purpose of completing the project, the respondent
would place US$6m with US Bank National Association (“the US Bank”) and would
procure standby letters of credit for that amount from the US Bank to ICBC
Shanghai as security for the loan.

(b) To guarantee Shanghai Pacific’s repayment of the loan from ICBC Shanghai,
Mr Lee would pledge a total of 20 million shares in Laien (“the pledged
shares”) to the respondent. These shares were held by Mr Lee and the
appellants in various proportions. The respondent was entitled to realise the
rights under the pledged shares 30 days after Shanghai Pacific breached its
repayment obligations.

(c) Any dispute arising from the 2003 contract was to be resolved by the
parties through consultation, but, if such consultation failed, the dispute
was to be referred to the China International Economic and Trade Arbitration
Commission (“CIETAC”) for resolution through arbitration.

5 Five supplementary agreements in Chinese (“the supplementary agreements”)
were subsequently entered into between the same three parties (_ie_ , the
respondent, Shanghai Pacific and Mr Lee). One of the supplementary agreements,
dated 10 September 2003 (“the September 2003 supplementary agreement”), varied
the 2003 contract to allow the respondent to provide financing by way of two
standby letters of credit for the sums of US$4m and US$1m respectively (“the
standby letters of credit”), in addition to a cash loan of US$1m, which was to
be paid into an escrow account. It bears emphasis that the appellants were not
parties to either the 2003 contract or the September 2003 supplementary
agreement.

6 As security for the respondent’s assistance, Mr Lee issued a letter of
indemnity to the respondent dated 25 February 2003 stating, _inter alia_ ,
that the respondent would be repaid prior to any other creditor of Laien.
Later, a document entitled “DEED OF INDEMNITY” dated 22 September 2003 (“the
Deed”) was executed by the appellants and Mr Lee in favour of the respondent.
The material terms of the Deed, which was in English, were as follows:

In consideration of your arranging for the issue of the standby letters of
credit, we hereby jointly and severally agree and undertake as follows:-

1\. we shall irrevocably and unconditionally continue with the pledge of our
entire interest in [Laien] comprising 20,000,000 shares, to you as security
for the Standby Letters of Credit and hereby further agree that you may at any
time register such shares in your name;

2\. we shall at all times keep you fully and effectively indemnified and hold
you harmless from and against any and all liabilities, claims, damages, costs,
charges and expenses to which you may be exposed or which you may incur,
suffer, sustain or for which you may render yourself legally liable as a
consequence of or in connection with the Standby Letters of Credit and against
all actions, suits, proceedings, claims, demands of any nature whatsoever
which may be taken, made or threatened against you or incurred or become
payable by you or which may arise directly or indirectly by reason of any act,
deed, matter or thing done or permitted or omitted to be done by you in
connection with the Standby Letters of Credit and all other costs, charges and
expenses in connection therewith, including legal costs on a full indemnity
basis;

3\. we shall indemnify you against any liability and reimburse you in full for
all costs and expenses incurred by you in defending any proceedings, whether
civil or criminal in connection with the Standby Letters of Credit and whether
or not judgement is given in your favour;

4\. we shall procure that [Shanghai Pacific] and [Laien] shall not discharge
any liabilities to any creditors unless and until the loans in relation to
which the Standby Letters of Credit have been issued have been fully repaid
and the Standby Letters of Credit have been discharged and that such creditors
of [Laien] and/or [Shanghai Pacific] shall not institute any legal proceedings
to recover any debt owing by [Laien] or [Shanghai Pacific], as the case may
be, to them; and

5\. we shall procure that [Shanghai Pacific] and [Laien] shall not incur any
additional liabilities unless and until the loans in relation to which the
Standby Letters of Credit have been issued have been fully repaid and the
Standby Letters of Credit have been discharged.

…

If and to the extent that any part or provision in this Letter of Indemnity is
invalid, illegal or unenforceable, it shall not affect the validity, legality
or enforceability of any other part or provision and this Letter of Indemnity
shall be interpreted and construed to give it the fullest possible effect in
law.

The Deed did not include a clause on the governing law.

7 Pursuant to the 2003 contract, through a memorandum of deposit and pledge
dated 28 July 2003, Mr Lee and the appellants deposited the share certificates
relating to the pledged shares with the respondent.

8 The loan of RMB7.85m from ICBC Shanghai to Shanghai Pacific was due and
payable on 15 June 2004, and another loan of RMB30m was due and payable on 18
August 2004. Shanghai Pacific was unable to repay those loans. Consequently,
on 25 June 2004 and 12 August 2004, ICBC Shanghai presented the US Bank with
the requisite documents to draw down the US$1m and US$4m, respectively, due
under the standby letters of credit. The respondent was then called upon to
reimburse the US Bank the sum of US$5m. It complied with this request. This in
turn led to the chain of events which culminated in the present proceedings.

9 On 24 April 2006, with a view to invoking s 254(2)(_a_) of the Companies Act
(Cap 50, 2006 Rev Ed), the respondent’s solicitors sent a letter of demand to
the appellants pursuant to the Deed demanding from each of them payment of the
total sum of US$4,623,999.97. This sum was the net amount paid by the
respondent to the US Bank after taking into account the sum of US$404,435.57
which ICBC Shanghai returned, as well as the bank charges incurred by the
respondent in connection with the financing arrangement.

10 The appellants failed to comply with the letter of demand, and on 9 June
2006 the respondent initiated winding-up proceedings against the appellants.
In the meantime, arbitration proceedings at CIETAC between the parties to the
2003 contract (“the CIETAC arbitration”) were initiated by Mr Lee on 15 May
2006. In his request for arbitration, Mr Lee asserted that the 2003 contract
was not legally binding as it had not been registered in accordance with Art
40 of a Chinese statute entitled “Interim Measures on the Management of
Foreign Debts”, and the obligations imposed on him and the appellants in
respect of that contract (_ie_ , their obligations under the Deed) had
therefore been discharged. It should be noted that this particular Chinese
provision was enacted only in April 2005, well after the 2003 contract and the
Deed had been entered into and after ICBC Shanghai’s calls on the standby
letters of credit had been settled in full.

11 CIETAC accepted the request for arbitration on 15 May 2006. The following
day, the appellants’ solicitors in Singapore informed the respondent’s
solicitors that since the outcome of the CIETAC arbitration would have an
impact on the appellants’ liability under the Deed, it was “premature and
inappropriate” for the respondent to pursue its purported claim under the Deed
until after the CIETAC arbitration had been resolved. The appellants’
solicitors further stated that, in their view, the letter of demand dated 24
April 2006 was “premature and any petition for winding up based on such Demand
[would] be irregular”.

The decision below

12 The judge in the court below (“the learned judge”) did not agree with the
appellants that there was a substantial and _bona fide_ dispute as to whether
they were liable to pay the respondent the amount demanded. She ordered the
immediate winding up of the appellants.

13 In particular, the learned judge found that:

(a) The appellants did not deny that ICBC Shanghai had called upon the standby
letters of credit and had received payment thereunder. They did not deny that
the respondent had been obliged to make payment to the US Bank of the amounts
drawn down under those letters of credit. The appellants also could not deny
that the Deed _prima facie_ obliged them to indemnify the respondent in
respect of the latter’s payment to the US Bank. The dispute thus turned on
whether the Deed was unenforceable (see [14] of the GD ([1] _supra_)).

(b) Contrary to the appellants’ submissions, for the purposes of determining
the enforceability of the Deed, the governing law of the Deed was not Chinese
law, but US law. (The appellants had argued that under Chinese law, the 2003
contract was void; thus, the Deed, which was likewise governed by Chinese law,
was invalid as it had been entered into pursuant to the 2003 contract.) The
respondent’s submission that Singapore law was the governing law was also
rejected (see [17]–[21] of the GD).

(c) Since there was no evidence on the requirements of US law, US law ought to
be presumed to be the same as Singapore law (see the GD at [21]). Under
Singapore law, the Deed, as an indemnity, was a primary obligation and a
creditor could still recover the relevant losses in the event of the principal
transaction (_ie_ , the 2003 contract) being defective (see the GD at
[22]–[24]).

(d) The CIETAC arbitration was irrelevant to the appellants’ obligations under
the Deed. The parties to that arbitration were the parties to the 2003
contract and not the appellants. The latter would not be affected by the
outcome of the CIETAC arbitration if the Deed was not subject to Chinese law
(see the GD at [25]).

(e) Despite the fact that the respondent had become the registered owner of
the pledged shares, this did not mean that the respondent had to immediately
give credit for the value of those shares when issuing its letter of demand.
The documents showed that there had been actually no change in the beneficial
ownership of the pledged shares and the pledge had not been enforced (see the
GD at [26]).

The appeal

14 The appellants argued that there was a substantial and _bona fide_ dispute
in relation to three issues:

(a) the governing law of the Deed;

(b) the validity of the Deed under Chinese law; and

(c) whether the respondent was obliged to give the appellants credit for the
pledged shares which it had registered in its name.

On the issue of governing law, the appellants contended that the choice was
between Chinese law and Singapore law. The learned judge, it was submitted,
should not have held that US law, instead, was the governing law since neither
party had argued that that system of law was the applicable law. It was
further asserted that, given the complete absence of any evidence of US law,
the learned judge should not have presumed US law to be the same as Singapore
law. As for the validity of the Deed under Chinese law, the two parties
produced expert legal opinions from Chinese solicitors who took diametrically
opposing views. The appellants’ experts were of the view that the Deed was
valid while the respondent’s experts took the opposite view. The appellants
also emphasised that the validity of the 2003 contract, which formed the basis
for the Deed, was the subject of the CIETAC arbitration.

15 The appellants submitted that the learned judge had erred in delving into
the merits of the dispute and concluding that the above issues were not
substantial and _bona fide_ disputes, particularly in the light of the complex
factual matrix and the fact that there was no cross-examination of witnesses.

The applicable principles in respect of a winding-up application

16 The appellants argued that the learned judge had wrongly applied the
discretionary principles relevant to the granting of a winding-up order. Case
law, they argued, had clearly established that a winding-up petition was not
an appropriate means of enforcing a disputed debt, and that it would be an
abuse of the process of the court to allow a creditor to wind up a company on
the basis of a disputed debt. It was also submitted that a winding-up court
was generally not in the best position to adjudicate on the merits of a
commercial dispute without a proper ventilation of the evidential disputes
through a trial. The appellants further stressed that a winding-up order was
often the “death knell” for a company and was a “draconian order” to make.
Thus, a court should proceed cautiously in deciding whether to grant a
winding-up application.

**_Distinction between evaluating the evidence and deciding the merits of the
dispute_**

17 We broadly agreed with the principles laid out by the appellants as
summarised in the preceding paragraph. However, that is not to say that a
company can stave off a winding-up application merely by alleging that there
is a substantial and _bona fide_ dispute over the debt claimed by the
applicant-creditor. It is up to the court to evaluate whatever evidence the
company has raised and come to a conclusion on whether the alleged dispute
exists. _Walter Woon on Company Law_ (Tan Cheng Han gen ed) (Sweet & Maxwell
Asia, 3rd Ed, 2005) correctly notes at para 17.43 that:

The court may decide whether there is a good, substantial and reasonable
dispute. Even where the entire debt is disputed, the court can allow evidence
to be adduced in order for it to determine whether the dispute is _bona fide_.

18 The above statement of principle is premised on the decision in _Chip Yew
Brick Works Sdn Bhd v Chang Heer Enterprise Sdn Bhd_ [1988] 2 MLJ 447, where
the Malaysian Supreme Court observed at 448–449:

Even where the whole amount of debt claimed is disputed, the court can allow
evidence to be adduced to enable it to consider whether or not there was a
_bona fide_ dispute and the court is competent to go into the evidence to
consider that question for the purpose ultimately of determining whether it
should exercise the [winding-up] discretion: _Re Welsh Brick Industries Ltd_
[[1946] 2 All ER 197].

19 We also found the following passage from Andrew R Keay, _McPherson’s Law of
Company Liquidation_ (Sweet & Maxwell, 2001) at para 3.67, p 122 helpful:

Whether or not there is a dispute on substantial grounds is a matter to be
decided in each case. The dispute envisaged is one where there is a dispute
which involves to a substantial extent disputed questions of fact which demand
_viva voce_ evidence. Of course, there must be evidence adduced which supports
the contention of the company that there is a substantial dispute. The courts
will be alive to the situation where a company seeks to raise a cloud of
objections to a petition in order to claim that a debt is disputed if the
objections are not able to be determined on affidavit evidence and without
cross-examination.

In the light of the above authorities, we were of the view that it was
certainly open to the learned judge to examine the evidence before her in
order to determine whether there was a substantial and _bona fide_ dispute as
to the debt claimed by the respondent.

20 At the same time, it must be emphasised that there is no obvious dividing
line demarcating when a court has moved from merely asking itself whether a
substantial and _bona fide_ dispute exists to actually deciding the dispute
itself. In _Brinds Ltd v Offshore Oil NL (No 3)_ (1985) 10 ACLR 419 (“
_Brinds_ ”), the Privy Council agreed (at 424) with the following observations
of Gibbs J in _In Re QBS Pty Ltd_ [1967] Qd R 218 at 225:

It seems to me that in every case it becomes necessary for the court to
exercise its discretion as to how far it will allow the question whether or
not the dispute is _bona fide_ to be explored. In some cases it may be very
easy to decide this question on the petition and affidavits in reply. In other
cases however it may be difficult to determine whether or not the dispute is
_bona fide_ without determining the merits of the dispute itself. In some such
cases convenience may require that the court decide the question whether or
not a debt exists, but in other such cases it may appear better to allow that
question to be determined in other proceedings before the petition for winding
up is heard.

_Brinds_ was a case where the company resisting winding up argued that the
debt claimed by the creditor was due not on demand, but only after 12 months’
notice. Extensive cross-examination was conducted before the trial court. The
judge concluded that there was no _bona fide_ dispute and granted the winding-
up petition. This decision was upheld by the Full Court of the Supreme Court
of Victoria, and the company subsequently appealed to the Privy Council. The
Privy Council held that it was “almost inevitable” (_Brinds_ at 425), given
the nature of the dispute and the course which the proceedings took, that the
trial judge should have determined the question of whether the debt was
repayable on demand or on 12 months’ notice. The Privy Council affirmed the
reasoning of the Full Court that it would have been a wrongful exercise of
discretion for the trial judge to have stayed or dismissed the winding-up
petition when all the evidence needed to decide the question of the due date
for payment was already before him.

21 The present case was one of those, like _Brinds_ , where deciding whether
or not a substantial and _bona fide_ dispute existed involved a decision on
the merits of the dispute itself. There was a difference, of course, in that
in _Brinds_ , such a situation was brought about by the extensive and
exhaustive cross-examination before the trial judge. The Full Court had noted
that counsel for the company could not point to any evidence or potential
evidence pertaining to the repayment date of the debt which had not already
been produced (see _Brinds_ at 424). In the instant case, the only substantial
question was whether the governing law of the Deed was Chinese law or
Singapore law. This was simply a matter of construing the relevant documents
which were before the learned judge. We did not see how any further evidence,
apart from the documents themselves, would have assisted the court. It was, in
all the circumstances, appropriate that the learned judge, having heard
arguments from both sides on the applicable governing law, then proceeded to
decide the issue.

22 If a factual situation similar to that in _Brinds_ were to arise in
Singapore, it would always be open to the court to order an examination of
witnesses if the court considered that necessary to gain a better grasp of the
issue(s) in contention. That said, such an examination was unnecessary in the
present case. The learned judge was entirely justified in proceeding to decide
the issue in the way which she did.

**_The standard of proof_**

23 With regard to the applicable standard for determining the existence of a
substantial and _bona fide_ dispute, it was our view that the applicable
standard was no more than that for resisting a summary judgment application,
_ie_ , the debtor-company need only raise triable issues in order to obtain a
stay or dismissal of the winding-up application. We agreed with the approach
adopted by the High Court in _De Montfort University v Stanford Training
Systems Pte Ltd_ [2006] 1 SLR 218 (“ _De Montfort University_ ”), where the
petitioning creditor contended that even if leave to defend were granted in
summary judgment proceedings, the judge hearing the winding-up petition could
still revisit the issue of whether there was a substantial and _bona fide_
dispute. This submission was based on _Re Welsh Brick Industries, Ltd_ [1946]
2 All ER 197, where Lord Greene MR said at 198:

I cannot accept the proposition that, merely because unconditional leave to
defend is given, that of itself must be taken as establishing that there is a
_bona fide_ dispute or that there is some substantial ground of defence. The
fact that such an order is made is no doubt a matter which the winding-up
court will take into consideration and to which the winding-up court will in
due course pay respect, but I cannot regard it as in any way precluding a
winding-up judge from going into the matter himself on the evidence before him
and considering whether or not the dispute is a _bona fide_ dispute, or,
putting it in another way, whether or not there is some substantial ground for
defending the action.

24 Tay Yong Kwang J rightly rejected the petitioning creditor’s argument in
_De Montfort University_. He held at [28]:

With respect, I would not have taken the path indicated by Lord Greene MR
above [in _Re Welsh Brick Industries, Ltd_] if the issue had arisen squarely
before me. I prefer the view that once unconditional leave has been granted to
a defendant and the order stands, either because the plaintiff decides not to
appeal or because the order is affirmed on appeal, another forum should not
revisit and reopen the same issues. If unconditional leave to defend has been
given to a defendant in a claim on a debt, surely that means that there is a
_bona fide_ or a genuine dispute. Of course, it does not mean that the
defendant will probably succeed in his defence at the trial of the action. It
merely means that his defence is not a frivolous one or, in the words of Chao
[Hick Tin] JC in the case cited above [_Re Sanpete Building (S) Pte Ltd_
[1989] SLR 164], the debt is “disputed on some substantial grounds”. After
all, the authority cited for proposition (a) above [_ie_ , the proposition
that a winding-up application should not be used as a means to enforce a debt
which is disputed on some substantial grounds] was Jessel MR in _Re Great
Britain Mutual Life Assurance Society_ (1880) 16 Ch D 246 (at 253) where the
judge said:

[I]n my opinion, it is not sufficient for the Respondents, upon a petition of
this kind, to say “We dispute the claim”. They must bring forward a _prima
facie_ case which satisfies the Court that there is something which ought to
be tried, either before the Court itself, or in an action, or by some other
proceeding.

This appears to me to be entirely consistent with saying that the respondents
in that case must be able to persuade the court to grant [them] leave to
defend the claim. Similarly, if the petitioner (who is the defendant in Suit
432/2005) is granted leave to defend in an O 14 application taken out by the
respondent (the plaintiff in that suit), that merely means that the matters
raised by the respondent in that suit should proceed to trial. It certainly
does not follow that those matters are frivolous.

25 We also found the recent decision of this court in _Metalform Asia Pte Ltd
v Holland Leedon Pte Ltd_ [2007] 2 SLR 268 (“ _Metalform Asia_ ”) to be of
some relevance. In that case, which involved an undisputed debt, this court
rejected the creditor’s submission that where a debtor-company alleged that it
had a cross-claim based on substantial grounds, the company had to show that
the creditor’s winding-up petition was “bound to fail” (at [60]) before the
court would issue an injunction restraining the filing of the petition. It was
held, instead, that, in such cases, the company need only show that there was
“a likelihood that [the petition] may fail” (at [77]) or that the petition was
“unlikely to succeed” (at [87]). The reason for this was stated as follows, at
[82]:

In our view, we do not think that [the factors which favour allowing a
creditor to present a winding-up petition] outweigh the policy consideration
that the commercial viability of a company should not be put in jeopardy by
the premature presentation of a winding-up petition against it where it has a
serious cross-claim based on substantial grounds. Such a petition may
adversely affect the reputation and the business of the company and may also
set in motion a process that may create cross-defaults or cut the company off
from further sources of financing, thereby exacerbating its financial
condition. _So long as the court is satisfied that on the evidence there is a
distinct possibility that the cross-claim may exceed the undisputed debt, it
should give the company the opportunity to prove its claim rather than to
allow a winding-up petition to be filed, with all the normal consequences
attendant upon the filing of such a petition._ Businesses that have a chance
of recovery should not be pushed into a state that makes it difficult for them
to recover. [emphasis added]

The situation in _Metalform Asia_ differed from that in the present case in
that in the former, the court was considering whether to grant an injunction
_before_ the issuance of a winding-up petition, whereas in the latter, the
question was whether a winding-up application which had already been filed
ought to be stayed or dismissed. However, even in a case such as the present,
the courts should not be quick to condemn viable companies which have
plausible responses to claims made against them. Thus, this court noted at
[87] of _Metalform Asia_ that:

This standard of proof [_ie_ , the “bound to fail” test] is also inconsistent
with the standard that is applicable where the application is to stay the
petition after it has been filed. The standard of proof in a stay application
founded on a serious cross-claim on substantial grounds is that the petition
is unlikely to succeed or that it is likely that the court will hold over the
petition in order to allow the cross-claim to be determined first. There is no
particular reason why the standard of proof should be higher in the first case
[_ie_ , in an application to restrain the filing of a winding-up petition]
than in the second case [_ie_ , in a stay application]. Moreover, it is ironic
that in the second case, irreparable damage might well have been done to the
company by the filing of the petition, and yet the standard of proof in
staying the petition is lower than the “bound to fail” standard. We therefore
conclude that it is inappropriate to apply the “bound to fail” test in cross-
claim cases.

Both the strength of the company’s cross-claim and the strength of the case
raised by the company to dispute the debt can provide grounds for a court to
prevent a winding-up application from proceeding any further, or to dismiss it
entirely. The tests for both of the situations discussed in the passage quoted
above thus necessarily mirror each other.

26 We kept in mind these principles as we evaluated the appellants’ arguments.
However, for the reasons given below (at [38]–[45] and [50]–[51]), we
concluded that the appellants did not even meet the low threshold of showing
that there were triable issues in this case.

The governing law of the Deed

**_The learned judge’s findings_**

27 Turning, first, to the findings on the governing law of the Deed in the
court below, the learned judge, upon applying Singapore conflict of laws
principles, had held that US law was the governing law of the Deed. Her
decision was grounded on the following reasons:

(a) Chinese law was not the governing law. This was because the Deed was
drafted in English, while the 2003 contract and the supplementary agreements
were drafted in Chinese. While those documents had an express choice of law
clause stating that Chinese law was to be the governing law, the Deed was
silent on this point. The Deed would have to be enforced outside China as the
appellants were Singapore companies and Mr Lee was a Canadian resident. In
addition, the legal concepts embodied in the Deed, such as those of a deed and
of an indemnity, were unknown in Chinese law (see the GD at [18]).

(b) Singapore law was also not the governing law. The only direct connection
between the Deed and Singapore was the nationality of the appellants as
Singapore companies. Although the Deed would have to be enforced in Singapore
against the appellants, it would be enforced in Canada _vis-à-vis_ Mr Lee. The
appellants’ place of incorporation was thus not determinative of the
applicable governing law (see the GD at [21]).

(c) The respondent (the beneficiary of the Deed) was incorporated in the US.
The issuer of the standby letters of credit (the US Bank) was likewise located
in the US, and that was also where Mr Lee had his citizenship. The currency of
the obligations contained in the Deed was the US dollar. Furthermore, the
respondent’s obligation to the US Bank, which was the subject of the Deed,
must have been governed either by US law generally or by the law of a
particular American state (see the GD at [21]).

Having found that US law was the governing law, the learned judge held
(_ibid_) that as there had been no proof of the content of US law on the
validity and construction of deeds of indemnity, she would presume that US law
was similar to Singapore law in this respect.

**_US law as the governing law_**

28 We did not agree with the learned judge’s determination of the governing
law of the Deed. It is important to note that none of the parties ever
submitted to the learned judge that US law could be the governing law. The
choice before her was between Singapore law and Chinese law. It came as
something of a surprise to the parties when the learned judge rejected both
their submissions and unilaterally identified what she thought was the most
appropriate governing law. In our view, a judge should not determine such an
issue without allowing the parties an opportunity to address the court on the
appropriateness of such a conclusion.

29 In this regard, the case of _Rex v Paddington and St Marylebone Rent
Tribunal, Ex parte Bell London & Provincial Properties Ld_ [1949] 1 KB 666 is
instructive. In that case, a local authority referred to a rent tribunal a
number of tenancy contracts relating to flats in a building owned by the
applicant. The particulars of some of these cases contained a number of
irregularities which, according to the applicant, went to the root of the
tribunal’s jurisdiction. For instance, the names of the lessees of the flats
were wrong in some cases, and all the flats were shown as being furnished
regardless of whether or not they were let with furniture. The tribunal
visited the flats and came to the opinion that the height of the flats was too
low for modern standards. On this last basis, the tribunal decided to lower
the rent of eight of the flats. The height of the flats was not referred to at
all at the hearing before the tribunal and the applicant did not have any
opportunity to deal with it. The applicant sought, _inter alia_ , an order of
_certiorari_ to quash the tribunal’s decision. Lord Goddard CJ of the
Divisional Court said at 682–683:

It is no part of the duty of this court to review a finding of fact by the
tribunal, though it is certainly remarkable that it should be found that flats
of this description, erected, as we were informed, very shortly before the
late war, and the plans of which must have been passed and approved by the
London County Council, do not conform to present-day standards, when it is
notorious that the building of this class of flats has not been allowed since
the war. _But not a word was said by anybody during the hearing, or at any
time before the decision was given, as to this being a ground for reduction of
rent. It has, in fact, taken the advisers of the applicants entirely by
surprise, and surely in common fairness, if this was to be considered by the
tribunal they ought to have given the applicants some opportunity of dealing
with it_. That this could ever have been in the minds of the borough council
in referring these matters is, of course, impossible to suppose, and as we
have already said, not a single word was said by the representative of the
borough council as to any of the grounds on which the tribunal was invited to
act.

In our opinion, to take into account a matter of this kind, of which no sort
of intimation had been given to the applicants, brings this case exactly
within the decision of the House of Lords in _Board of Education v. Rice and
others_ [[1911] AC 179], the judgments in which are so well known that we need
not set them out. On that ground alone, we think that the eight determinations
in this case, even if the reference were unobjectionable, would have to be
quashed.

[emphasis added]

30 The basic principle is that a court or tribunal which decides a case on a
basis that has not been raised or contemplated by the parties may have
committed a breach of natural justice in relation to the affected party’s
right to be heard. In such a situation, the affected party has been deprived
of its opportunity to be heard or to address the issues upon which the case
was decided.

31 In this vein, we would also like to refer to our recent decision in _Soh
Beng Tee & Co Pte Ltd v Fairmount Development Pte Ltd_ [2007] 3 SLR 86 (“ _Soh
Beng Tee_ ”), which elaborates on the above principle in the context of
arbitration proceedings. In _Soh Beng Tee_ , one of the parties claimed that
the arbitrator had decided the case on an issue which had not been submitted
for arbitration. This was allegedly, among other things, a breach of natural
justice in that the affected party had been deprived of its right to be heard.
Although we found that the issue concerned had indeed been alive before the
arbitrator, we held at [41] that:

In addition, even if we were to determine that the issue of whether time was
at large was not truly alive during the arbitration, that _per se_ would not
be sufficient to inexorably lead to the conclusion that the Arbitrator had
_necessarily_ failed to adhere to the rules of natural justice in denying [the
affected party] an occasion to present its contentions on the issue. It is
frequently a matter of degree as to how unexpected the impugned decision is,
such that it can persuasively be said that the parties were truly deprived of
an opportunity to argue it. As helpfully summarised in Sir Michael J Mustill &
Stewart C Boyd, _The Law and Practice of Commercial Arbitration in England_
(Butterworths, 2nd Ed, 1989) (“ _Commercial Arbitration_ ”) at p 312:

If the arbitrator decides the case on a point which he has _invented_ for
himself, he _creates surprise_ and deprives the parties of their right to
address full arguments on the base which they have to answer. Similarly, if he
receives evidence outside the course of the oral hearing, he breaks the rule
that a party is entitled to know about and test the evidence led against him.
[emphasis added]

[emphasis in original]

32 The natural justice principle of _audi alteram partem_ as it applies to
arbitrators is discussed at [42]–[58] of _Soh Beng Tee_. The same principles
apply to any court or tribunal. The important point to note is that we are not
suggesting that a court is hogtied by the issues canvassed before it such that
it is unable to make reasonable inferences of fact, or that a court cannot
make a finding that the just solution lies somewhere between the extreme
positions taken by parties. The emphasis of this aspect of natural justice is
on the opportunities given to parties to address the determinative issue(s) in
a matter. Reasonable inferences, findings of fact or lines of argument adopted
by the court, even though not specifically addressed by the parties, are
entirely acceptable.

33 The situation in the instant case was one where the learned judge arrived
at a finding of fact which was not reasonable either as a matter of inference
or from the arguments made before her. This was especially so because of the
operation of the conflict of laws principle, often known as the “presumption
of similarity”, whereby if there is no or insufficient proof of the foreign
law, the court assumes that the foreign law is the same as the local law. The
presumption had a rather startling effect in the present case, as the learned
judge effectively applied Singapore law principles to the Deed (on the basis
that US law was presumed to be similar to Singapore law) even though,
paradoxically, she had earlier rejected the suggestion that the Deed was
governed by Singapore law (see [27] above). This particular result could not
have been contemplated by the parties, who would reasonably have expected the
learned judge to choose between the two systems of laws placed before her –
namely, Singapore law and Chinese law. The reasonable expectation would be
that if the learned judge chose to apply Singapore law, it would be because
she found that to be the law with which the Deed had the closest and most real
connection. Crucially, the appellants had no opportunity to raise arguments as
to why US law was not the applicable law or, alternatively, whether US law
also supported their interpretation of the Deed.

34 In such circumstances, if the learned judge had found neither Chinese law
nor Singapore law to be satisfactory alternatives, she ought to have invited
the parties to make further submissions on whether US law was the governing
law, and, if so, what the applicable principles under US law were. This would
have assuaged the appellants’ legitimate concern that they had been deprived
of their right to be heard on a decisive issue.

**_Singapore law as the governing law_**

35 However, in our view, the above procedural flaw did not inevitably mean
that the learned judge’s decision ought to be set aside. We concluded, after
viewing the relevant documents, that the governing law of the Deed, as between
Chinese law and Singapore law, was indeed Singapore law as contended by the
respondent. We decided in favour of Singapore law for the reasons set out
below.

36 In _Overseas Union Insurance Ltd v Turegum Insurance Co_ [2001] 3 SLR 330
(“ _OUI v Turegum Insurance_ ”) at [82], it was pointed out that:

There are three stages in determining the governing law of a contract. The
first stage is to examine the contract itself to determine whether it states
expressly what the governing law should be. In the absence of an express
provision one moves to the second stage which is to see whether the intention
of the parties as to the governing law can be inferred from the circumstances.
If this cannot be done, the third stage is to determine with which system of
law the contract has its most close and real connection. That system would be
taken, objectively, as the governing or proper law of the contract. See _Las
Vegas Hilton Corp v Khoo Teng Hock Sunny_ [1997] 1 SLR 341 and _Dicey & Morris
on The Conflict of Laws_ (11th Ed) at Rule 180.

37 As there was no express provision in the Deed for a governing law (_ie_ ,
the first stage was inapplicable), we moved on to the second stage. In _Las
Vegas Hilton Corporation v Khoo Teng Hock Sunny_ [1997] 1 SLR 341 (“ _Las
Vegas Hilton_ ”), Chao Hick Tin J succinctly summarised (at [39]) the factors
to be considered at the second stage, as follows:

In some cases it may be possible to infer a common intention as to the proper
law of the contract. Some of the circumstances/factors upon which such an
inference may be drawn are: if [the contracting parties] agree that the courts
of a given country shall have jurisdiction in any matter arising out of a
contract: _Re United Railways of Havana and Regla Warehouses Ltd_ [1960] Ch
52; if they agree that arbitration shall take place in a given country:
_Hamlyn v Talisker Distillery_ [1894] AC 202; the language or terminology used
in the contract: _Pilkington v Harrison_ [1937] Ch 574; the form of the
documents involved in the transaction: _Chamberlain v Napier_ (1880) 15 Ch D
614; a connection with a preceding transaction: _The Njegos_ [1936] P 90; the
currency of the contract or the currency for payment: _The Assunzione_ [1954]
P 150 and _Re United Railway[s] of Havana_ , supra; the places of residence or
business of the parties: _Keiner v Keiner_ [1952] 1 All ER 643; the commercial
purpose of the transaction: _Re United Railway[s] of Havana_ , supra.

38 In the instant case, the language of the Deed was English. As correctly
pointed out by the learned judge, this contrasted with the 2003 contract and
the supplementary agreements, which were in Chinese. This was a factor which
pointed away from Chinese law being the governing law of the Deed. On the
other hand, Singapore is hardly the only country having English as its
principal language of commerce, so this factor alone did not point strongly
towards Singapore law as the governing law. As English is the _lingua franca_
of international business, the use of that language in an international
commercial contract is not strongly indicative of any choice of law. As _Dicey
and Morris on The Conflict of Laws_ (Lawrence Collins gen ed) (Stevens & Sons
Limited, 11th Ed, 1987) vol 2 (“ _Dicey & Morris_”) states at p 1185:

In certain cases a very cautious inference may also be drawn from the use of a
particular language, _e.g._ if a charterparty referring to a German ship is
drawn up in English, but the use of the English language, especially in
maritime contracts, is common even where the contract has no connection with
any English speaking country and is not intended to be governed by the law of
any such country, and consequently, will rarely permit a conclusion as to an
implied choice of law, even where that choice does not lie between the very
different legal systems of the many nations that share the English language.

39 The purpose of the Deed and its connection with the other documents were
somewhat ambiguous. The direct underlying obligation which the Deed was to
secure was the appellants’ and Mr Lee’s liability to indemnify the respondent
in respect of, _inter alia_ , any costs and expenses which it might incur as a
result of the standby letters of credit. More generally, the Deed was one part
of a larger transaction which had the ultimate aim that, as the judge put it
at [17] of the GD, “a Chinese bank … would make a loan in Chinese currency to
a Chinese company to develop a club in China”. We were of the view that, of
these two objectives of the Deed, the direct underlying obligation which this
document was to secure was of greater importance in determining its governing
law. However, we also noted that nothing in the purpose of the Deed pointed
unequivocally to Singapore.

40 The learned judge had held that the 2003 contract and the supplementary
agreements contained express choice of law clauses in favour of Chinese law
whereas the Deed did not (see [27] above). With respect, none of these
documents actually contained express choice of law clauses. The 2003 contract
and the September 2003 supplementary agreement contained arbitration clauses
in favour of CIETAC, and the supplementary agreements had clauses which stated
that where there was no inconsistency between these agreements and the 2003
contract, the latter would prevail. An arbitration clause or a choice of forum
clause is, of course, not the same thing as an express choice of law clause.
However, we accept that where a contract specifies a particular forum, the
parties can be assumed to have intended that forum to apply the _lex fori_ in
the absence of any indication to the contrary (see _Dicey & Morris_ at pp
1182–1183). Thus, the presence of the arbitral forum clauses in favour of
CIETAC in the 2003 contract and the supplementary agreements, accompanied by
the absence of a similar provision in the Deed, lent some support to the
inference that the Deed was not intended to be governed by Chinese law.
However, this factor alone did not allow us to draw the inference that
Singapore law was intended to be the governing law.

41 The learned judge regarded the fact that the Deed contained two legal
concepts which were not recognised under Chinese law – namely, that of a deed
and an indemnity – as “important” to her determination (see [18] of the GD).
It was not disputed that the deed was a common law concept, and that Chinese
law apparently did not distinguish between an indemnity and a guarantee. The
learned judge went on to say at [20] that:

[T]he parties must have intended the Deed to be valid when they signed it and
therefore they could not have intended it to be governed by a system of law
that did not recognise such documents or the concept of indemnity.

We did not agree that just because Chinese law did not recognise the legal
concepts of a deed and an indemnity, the Deed would thereby be invalid under
Chinese law. That was not the position taken by the parties, and there was no
evidence to that effect. Rather, as the appellants pointed out, the Deed was
to take effect merely as a contract of indemnity. However, we did accept that
the use of the above legal concepts supported the inference that Chinese law
was not the governing law of the Deed, for why would parties intentionally use
forms and terms inapposite to the governing law of the contract? In _Amin
Rasheed Shipping Corporation v Kuwait Insurance Co_ [1984] AC 50 (“ _Amin
Rasheed_ ”), for instance, the contract in question was a contract of marine
insurance. Lord Diplock thought it relevant that at the time of contracting,
Kuwait did not have any indigenous law of marine insurance. His Lordship noted
that the contract used juristic concepts of marine insurance which were
peculiar to that area of law. Lord Diplock also considered it relevant that
the contract was in a particular form which was only understandable with
reference to the Marine Insurance Act 1906 (c 41) (UK).

42 However, equally, while the concepts of a deed and an indemnity are
recognised in Singapore, these concepts are also recognised in all other
common law jurisdictions, so it could not be said that an intention to choose
Singapore law in particular as the governing law could be unequivocally
inferred from this. Lord Wilberforce in _Amin Rasheed_ , though in agreement
with Lord Diplock that the proper law of the contract in that case was English
law, took the view that the particular form of the contract being considered
had become so internationalised that one could not draw any conclusion on the
proper law of the contract without considering other factors. We saw the force
of this logic and regarded it as being eminently applicable in the instant
case, where the legal concepts in question were hardly unique to our
jurisprudence. By itself, the use of these two legal concepts could only point
away from Chinese law, but not inexorably towards Singapore law, as the
governing law of the Deed.

43 We now deal briefly with some other features of the Deed. The Deed was
executed in Canada. However, the place of contracting is generally not
important in determining the governing law of a contract, except, perhaps,
where the contract is to be performed in that country: _Chatenay v The
Brazilian Submarine Telegraph Company, Limited_ [1891] 1 QB 79. The principle
would equally apply to the place of execution of a deed. In this particular
instance, it was clear to us that the Deed bore no particular relation to
Canada other than that being Mr Lee’s place of residence.

44 The currency in use by the Deed was the US dollar. One may occasionally
infer that parties intend a contract to be governed by the law of the country
in whose currency the sums due under the contract are payable. But, again, the
US dollar is often the currency of choice in international transactions, even
when there is nothing in particular to connect the transaction to the US. Like
the English language (see [38] above), the universality of the US dollar
undermines any inferential value which one might obtain from it.

45 Finally, the place of enforcement of the Deed could, at first blush, be
either Singapore, as the appellants’ country of incorporation, or Canada, as
Mr Lee’s place of residence (see [27] above). However, we noted that the
respondent’s assertion, that the particular objective of the Deed was to
provide additional security for enforcement in _Singapore_ of the appellants’
obligations, was never challenged by the appellants.

46 After taking into account the various considerations outlined above (at
[38]–[45]), while we found it clear that Chinese law was not the intended
governing law of the Deed, we were initially diffident about concluding that
Singapore law was intended by the parties to be the governing law. What should
the court do when it is faced with a multiplicity of factors, each pointing to
a different governing law?

47 At this juncture, the proper approach would be to move on to the third
stage of the test outlined in _OUI v Turegum Insurance_ ([36] _supra_)_._ It
is not always the case that the parties’ intention as to governing law can be
realistically inferred and it is better in such instances to acknowledge that
it may be a fruitless and artificial exercise to embark on the second stage of
the test. _OUI v Turegum Insurance_ and _Las Vegas Hilton_ ([37] _supra_) were
both cases where the court held that the parties did not address their minds
to the question of which law was to govern the contract (_ie_ , the first
stage did not apply). In the former case, the parties had acted entirely
through brokers, and the plaintiff had not even seen many of the documents in
question for years, if at all. In the latter case, the contract was an alleged
oral agreement. In such circumstances, the respective courts found it more
productive to move straight to the third stage. To bypass the second stage is
not as significant a step as it seems in that the same factors as those
considered at the second stage would often have to be addressed when one
seeks, at the third stage, to determine the law which has the closest and most
real connection with the contract. Indeed, in _Sinotani Pacific Pte Ltd v
Agricultural Bank of China_ [1999] 4 SLR 34, this court moved straight from
the first stage to the third stage; see also Chao Hick Tin J’s comments in
_Shaikh Faisal v Swan Hunter Singapore Pte Ltd_ [1995] 1 SLR 394 at 402–403,
[39]. There have even been persuasive suggestions that it is better to do away
with the second stage altogether and apply the third stage straightaway in all
cases where there is no express choice of law clause such that the first stage
does not apply (see P M North & J J Fawcett, _Cheshire and North: Private
International Law_ (Butterworths, 11th Ed, 1987) at pp 461–462).

48 The difference between the second stage and the third stage lies not in the
factors to be taken into consideration, but in the weight which is to be
accorded to these factors. It is worth emphasising that the aim of the third
stage is not to divine any “intent” of the parties, but to consider, on
balance, which law has the most connection with the contract in question and
the circumstances surrounding the inception of that contract. It is a
pragmatic exercise acknowledging that parties do not always have a governing
law in mind when they enter into contracts. Equal weight ought to be placed on
all factors, even those which would not, under the second stage, have been
strongly inferential of any intention as to the governing law.

49 When one has ascribed the proper weightage to the relevant factors, the
next step would be that enunciated in _Las Vegas Hilton_ at [40] (namely, the
third stage). In that case, Chao J went on to cite (at [42]) the following
passage from _The Assunzione_ [1954] P 150 at 179 by Singleton LJ:

[O]ne must look at all the circumstances and seek to find what just and
reasonable persons ought to have intended if they had thought about the matter
at the time when they made the contract. If they had thought that they were
likely to have a dispute, I hope it may be said that just and reasonable
persons would like the dispute determined in the most convenient way and in
accordance with business efficacy.

We agreed with Chao J’s observation in _Las Vegas Hilton_ at [44] that the
“closest and most real connection” test (_id_ at [40]) was the same as the
objective test of the reasonable man adopted in _The Assunzione_.

50 On analysis of the factors discussed earlier (at [38]–[45] above), we
concluded that Singapore law bore a closer and more real connection to the
Deed as compared to Chinese law. The factors pointing away from Chinese law
far exceeded those which pointed away from Singapore law. For the reasons
which we mentioned earlier in relation to the right to be heard, we did not
consider whether US law or Canadian law would be a proper candidate. Thus,
despite adopting an altogether different approach from the learned judge, we
held that the law to be applied in interpreting the Deed was Singapore law. It
applied not as a default law, as found by the learned judge (see [27] above),
but, rather, directly through established conflict of laws principles.

**_Validity of the Deed under its governing law_**

51 The rest of the learned judge’s conclusions flowed naturally and
ineluctably once it was determined that Singapore law was the governing law of
the Deed. We affirmed [22]–[25] of the GD in relation to the nature and the
validity of the Deed. In summary, we agreed that the language of the Deed
unequivocally pointed to it being an indemnity rather than a guarantee. The
validity and the enforceability of the Deed, as an indemnity, were entirely
separate from the validity of the 2003 contract. Therefore, the CIETAC
arbitration, which did not involve the appellants, was irrelevant to their
liability to indemnify the respondent in respect of the US$4,623,999.97 which
the latter had incurred (see [9] above).

Expert legal opinions on foreign law

52 Although it was not necessary for us to refer to the Chinese legal opinions
tendered by the parties to reach the above conclusion, we felt that it was
necessary to make certain observations on the use of expert evidence to
“prove” the content of foreign law. This would assist solicitors who seek to
adduce in evidence expert legal opinions on foreign law issues. The importance
of such expert opinions is likely to grow as Singapore becomes a centre for
international commercial litigation. When local solicitors engage the services
of experts on foreign law, it is crucial that the local solicitors provide the
necessary guidance to these experts as to how their opinions should be drafted
so that they manifest the experts’ independence and credibility.

53 In the instant case, the appellants produced three letters containing the
legal advice of a Chinese law firm, Shanghai Bo En Law Office (“Shanghai Bo
En”), dated 27 July 2006, 12 October 2006 and 1 November 2006, respectively,
which were exhibited in Mr Lee’s affidavits. The respondent adduced an
affidavit by Mr George Q Fu (“Mr Fu”), a lawyer from another Chinese law firm,
Watson & Band Law Offices (“Watson & Band”), filed on 18 September 2006. It
also exhibited a letter from Watson & Band dated 27 October 2006. Both
parties’ expert legal opinions left much to be desired.

**_Proof of foreign law_**

54 Foreign law is an issue of fact which must be proved. Such proof can be
adduced in two ways:

(a) by directly adducing raw sources of foreign law as evidence; or

(b) by adducing the opinion of an expert in foreign law.

_Adducing raw sources of foreign law_

55 In England, raw sources of foreign law can generally be adduced only as
part of an expert’s evidence and not on their own. _Dicey, Morris and Collins
on The Conflict of Laws_ (Lawrence Collins gen ed) (Sweet & Maxwell, 14th Ed,
2006) vol 1 states at para 9-013 that:

It is now well settled that foreign law must, in general, be proved by expert
evidence. Foreign law cannot be proved merely by putting the text of a foreign
enactment before the court, nor merely by citing foreign decisions or books of
authority. Such materials can only be brought before the court as part of the
evidence of an expert witness, since without his assistance the court cannot
evaluate or interpret them.

In this regard, the position in Singapore, Malaysia and India is very
different. In these jurisdictions, certain raw sources of foreign law can be
adduced despite not being part of a foreign law expert’s evidence. In _Wong
Kai Woon v Wong Kong Hom_ [2000] SGHC 176 (“ _Wong Kai Woon_ ”), a textbook on
Chinese marriage laws and customs prevailing in old China was sought to be
admitted in order to prove that a dead testator’s son had validly married a
“secondary wife” in China such that the son of that marriage was entitled to a
share of the testator’s estate under customary Chinese law. Chan Seng Onn JC
held (at [53]) that the textbook was admissible under ss 32(_d_) and 62(2) of
the Evidence Act (Cap 97, 1997 Rev Ed) (“the Act”). Section 32(_d_) of the Act
deals with the admissibility of the opinion of any person with regard to,
among other things, “any public right or custom”. Section 62(2) of the Act,
which is important for our present purposes, states:

The opinions of experts expressed in any treatise commonly offered for sale
and the grounds on which such opinions are held may be proved by the
production of such treatise if the author is dead or cannot be found or has
become incapable of giving evidence or cannot be called as a witness without
an amount of delay or expense which the court regards as unreasonable.

56 In _Wong Kai Woon_ , the authors of the textbook in question were dead and
thus Chan JC concluded that s 62(2) of the Act was satisfied. It is important
to note that not all treatises would be admissible under s 62(2) of the Act;
the requirements of that subsection must first be fulfilled. It is also worth
noting that “the grounds on which such opinions are held” (_per_ s 62(2) of
the Act) are also admissible. Relying on this provision, Chan JC held at [53]
that the Chinese court decisions or legal codes having the effect of law, on
which the authors had based their opinion, were likewise admissible under this
subsection.

57 It should be noted that the above court decisions and legal codes could
also have been admitted under s 40 of the Act. That section states:

When the court has to form an opinion as to a law of any country, any
statement of the law contained in a book purporting to be printed or published
under the authority of the government of the country, and to contain any such
law, and any report of a ruling of the courts of the country contained in a
book purporting to be a report of the rulings, is relevant.

As Chan JC explained in _Wong Kai Woon_ at [54]:

Foreign court decisions extracted from publications of law reports, translated
into English, may also be cited as evidence of the foreign law. Similarly,
books published under the authority of the foreign government stating
authoritatively the foreign law or foreign statutory law may be tendered into
court, together with the translation, as evidence of that foreign law.

58 Section 40 of the Act should also be read in conjunction with ss 86 and 88
of the Act, which stipulate:

**Presumption as to collections of laws and reports of decisions**

**86.** The court shall presume the genuineness of every book purporting —

(_a_) to be printed or published under the authority of the government of any
country and to contain any of the laws of that country; or

(_b_) to contain reports of decisions of the courts of such country.

**Presumption as to certified copies of foreign judicial records**

**88.** The court may presume that any document purporting to be a certified
copy of any judicial record of any country not forming part of the
Commonwealth is genuine and accurate if the document purports to be certified
in any manner which is certified by any representative of the President or of
Her Britannic Majesty in or for such country to be the manner commonly in use
in that country for the certification of copies of judicial records.

_Sir John Woodroffe & Syed Amir Ali’s Law of Evidence_ (Sripada Venkata Joga
Rao ed) (Butterworths, 17th Ed, 2001), in commenting on the equivalent
sections in the Indian Evidence Act of 1872, notes at vol II, p 2169:

A judgment of the highest tribunal of that foreign country is the best
evidence to adjudicate what the law there is. … The effect of this section
[_ie_ , s 38 of the Indian Evidence Act, which is equivalent to s 40 of the
Act] and s 84 [equivalent to s 86 of the Act] is that the court may take
judicial notice of a publication containing a foreign law, if it is issued
under the authority of the foreign government concerned, and may accept the
law, as set out in such publication, as a law in force in the particular
foreign country at the relevant time.

59 For the sake of completeness, we should also point out s 59(1)(_b_) of the
Act, which states that the Singapore courts shall take judicial notice of “all
Acts passed or hereafter to be passed by the legislature of any territory
within the Commonwealth”. Furthermore, under s 59(2) of the Act, our courts
can “resort for [their] aid to appropriate books or documents of reference”
when dealing with such Acts.

60 What then should a court do with the evidence admitted under the preceding
sections of the Act? Particularly in cases where the raw sources of foreign
law come from jurisdictions different from our own, or where the foreign
statute in question has no equivalent in our own legislation, or where the
issue is of great complexity or the subject of controversy in its native
jurisdiction, it would be very difficult for our courts to competently
interpret on their own such raw sources of foreign law. As rightly pointed out
by Chan JC in _Wong Kai Woon_ at [55]:

[A]s a matter of prudence, it is still advisable to have an expert to assist
the court in their interpretation and application because certain apparently
simple words or phrases when translated may well bear special meaning under
the foreign law. The foreign court decision relied on might have been
overturned. The foreign statute may have been abrogated by subsequent
legislation. The authors might not have been particularly clear in their
exposition.

Even if raw sources of foreign law are admissible under the preceding
sections, it does not mean that the courts are obliged to accord these sources
any evidentiary weight. It is preferable that solicitors provide expert
opinions on foreign law whenever possible.

_Adducing expert opinions on foreign law_

61 The admissibility of expert opinions on foreign law is governed by s 47 of
the Act, which states:

**Opinions of experts**

**47.** —(1) When the court has to form an opinion upon a point of foreign law
or of science or art, or as to the identity or genuineness of handwriting or
finger impressions, the opinions upon that point of persons specially skilled
in such foreign law, science or art, or in questions as to the identity or
genuineness of handwriting or finger impressions, are relevant facts.

(2) Such persons are called experts.

(1) Manner in which expert evidence should be given

62 The general rule is that “[a]ll facts [including foreign law], except the
contents of documents” may be proved by oral evidence (see s 61 of the Act).
Section 62(2) of the Act, as discussed above at [55]–[56], constitutes an
exception to the rule that such oral evidence must be direct. As pointed out
in _Ong Jane Rebecca v Lim Lie Hoa_ [2003] SGHC 126 (“ _Ong Jane Rebecca_ ”)
at [36], generally, a written opinion of an expert may be proved without
calling the expert to give oral evidence only if the requirements of s 62(2)
of the Act are satisfied.

63 Order 40A r 3(1) of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2006 Rev Ed) (“the
Rules”) is also relevant in this context. It states:

Unless the Court otherwise directs, expert evidence is to be given in a
written report signed by the expert and exhibited in an affidavit sworn to or
affirmed by him testifying that the report exhibited is his and that he
accepts full responsibility for the report.

64 The parties in the instant case failed to observe this requirement, with
the exception of Mr Fu’s affidavit on behalf of the respondent (see [53]
above). If a party has previously sought the opinion of a foreign law expert
and has obtained such an opinion in some private correspondence, in order for
that correspondence to be admitted, it must be contained in an affidavit of
_the expert_ _himself_ and not the party to whom the opinion was addressed. In
addition, there are certain other requirements which the expert’s report must
fulfil. The opinions rendered by an expert to his client may not necessarily
comply with these requirements, and, in such cases, the responsible party
should be directed to render a specially prepared expert’s report. One obvious
benefit of having the expert give his evidence through an affidavit is that he
would be able to condense the advice previously given to his client into a
single document. The court should ideally have one opinion from each side
containing all the relevant arguments. In the present case, as mentioned at
[53] above, we were faced with five different documents from the two sides,
springing from an exchange of correspondence between the parties. This was
messy and undesirable.

(2) The requirements of an expert’s report

65 The requirements of an expert’s report are contained in O 40A r 3(2) of the
Rules, and apply to all manner of experts. We will discuss each of the
relevant requirements in turn. For now, it is pertinent to note that these
requirements are _mandatory_ except where the court otherwise directs. We
would also like to highlight Form 58 of the Subordinate Courts Practice
Directions (2006 Ed) (“Form 58”). Form 58 is a note which parties are obliged
to furnish to their intended expert witnesses under para 152(2) of the
Subordinate Courts Practice Directions. Although the Supreme Court Practice
Directions (2007 Ed) do not contain similar provisions, as a matter of good
practice, the same procedure should generally be adopted for proceedings in
the Supreme Court.

(3) The expert’s competence

66 Under O 40A r 3(2)(_a_) of the Rules, the expert’s report must contain
details of the expert’s qualifications. The expert must show that he is “a
person specially skilled in such foreign law” as required under s 47(1) of the
Act. There is a substantial body of English and local case law on this
subject. The English position, however, is now governed by s 4(1) of the Civil
Evidence Act 1972 (c 30) (UK). We do not propose to review the state of the
law on this point, but would like to highlight that solicitors should take
care that their experts really have the standing of objective experts.

67 The expert’s report ought, at the very minimum, to contain a _curriculum
vitae_ detailing the expert’s relevant experience, with special regard to the
issue on which the expert’s opinion is sought. In this regard, we note that Mr
Fu did provide a basic resumé in his affidavit, but Shanghai Bo En did not
provide any credentials whatsoever. However, even Mr Fu’s resumé, which merely
gave a brief chronology of his educational and professional experience, could
have been improved upon. In addition, the expert’s report should state the
precise manner, and not merely the general area of inquiry, in which the
witness would be of use to the court. As stated in _Said Ajami v Comptroller
of Customs_ [1954] 1 WLR 1405 at 1408:

[N]ot only the general nature, but also the precise character of the question
upon which expert evidence is required, have to be taken into account when
deciding whether the qualifications of a person entitle him to be regarded as
a competent expert.

68 In this regard, Form 58 lists the following areas which should be covered
for the purposes of O 40A r 3(2)(_a_) of the Rules:

(a) the expert’s relevant professional or academic qualifications;

(b) the expert’s specific training and experience; and

(c) the number of times the expert appeared as an expert witness in litigation
proceedings generally and the number of occasions for the respective parties
specifically.

(4) The expert’s duty to the court

69 The expert’s duty to the court is enshrined in O 40A r 2 of the Rules, as
follows:

**Expert’s duty to the Court (O. 40A, r. 2)**

**2.** —(1) It is the duty of an expert to assist the Court on the matters
within his expertise.

(2) This duty overrides any obligation to the person from whom he has received
instructions or by whom he is paid.

This duty is of such central importance that O 40A r 3(2)(_h_) of the Rules
makes it a requirement that the report “contain a statement that the expert
understands that in giving his report, his duty is to the Court and that he
complies with that duty”. As stated by G P Selvam J in _The H156_ [1999] 3 SLR
756 at [27]:

All too often experts are extremely tendentious towards the party by whom
[they are] retained. This warning is succinctly stated in _Phipson On
Evidence_ (14th Ed, 1990) at para 32-40: ‘It is proverbial that expert
witnesses are, perhaps unwittingly, biased in favour of the side which calls
them, as well as over-ready to regard neutral facts as confirmation of
preconceived theories, moreover, support or opposition to given hypotheses can
generally be multiplied at will.’

70 It is important to understand what the expert’s duty to the court entails.
This was explained in _Vita Health Laboratories Pte Ltd v Pang Seng Meng_
[2004] 4 SLR 162, where the High Court said (at [82]–[83]):

It may be said – albeit with some exaggeration – that while an advocate may be
as biased as he chooses to be in pressing his client’s cause, an expert cannot
adopt such a stance. An advocate is expected to articulate his client’s views
and cause without necessarily interposing his own views. An expert, on the
other hand, should not evolve into a spokesperson for his client. Any opinions
expressed _must_ have a genuine foundation. It really cannot be disputed that:

[I]t [is] necessary that expert evidence presented to the court should be, and
should be seen to be, the independent product of the expert, uninfluenced as
to form or content by the exigencies of litigation.

[_per_ Lord Wilberforce in _Whitehouse v Jordan_ [1981] 1 WLR 246 at 256–257.]

While this _dicta_ may sometimes be criticised by practitioners as being too
idealistic, it now neatly dovetails with O 40A r 2(2) of the [Rules of Court
(Cap 322, R 5, 1997 Rev Ed)]. The expert should neither attempt nor be seen to
be an advocate of or for a party’s cause. If he appears to do this, he will
inexorably lose his credibility. That said, it is entirely permissible for him
to propound and press home the opinion he seeks to persuade the court to
accept. In essence, his advocacy is limited to supporting his independent
views and not his client’s cause. This is an important distinction that some
experts fail to grasp.

[emphasis in original]

71 Examples of partiality in an expert’s evidence can be found in _JSI
Shipping (S) Pte Ltd v Teofoongwonglcloong_ [2007] 4 SLR 460 at [58]–[62],
where this court commented (at [58]) that the expert evidence for both sides
was “rather partisan”. The respondent’s expert in that case made “sweeping
generalisation[s] redolent of a predisposition to shore up the respondent’s
stance” (at [59]), leapt to baseless conclusions adverse to the other party
and left out crucial portions of a quotation which cast an entirely different
light on the materials which he reproduced. The appellant’s expert evidence
was also similarly tainted. Although this court ultimately decided to accept
the evidence of both parties’ experts as being “defensible differences of
opinion” (at [64]), all solicitors and their experts should pay special heed
to this admonition (at [63]):

Whilst we recognise that a certain degree of partisan advocacy may be an
inevitable consequence of adducing expert evidence in the gladiatorial context
of an adversarial system, we must emphatically reiterate that the court will
not hesitate, in an appropriate case, to disregard or even draw an adverse
inference against expert evidence that exceeds the judicially determined
boundaries of coherence, rationality and impartiality. When that happens,
experts should note that the primary casualty will be their professional
reputation.

72 While there were no particularly egregious instances of partiality
exhibited in the legal opinions before us, we should stress that foreign law
experts are usually not from this jurisdiction and may not be aware of their
fundamental duty to the court as highlighted above. It is the _duty_ of the
solicitor – as an officer of the court – instructing the expert to bring this
to the latter’s attention.

73 In addition to the above, any special relationship between the party and
his expert must be disclosed in the report. G P Selvam J noted in _Gunapathy
Muniandy v Khoo James_ [2001] SGHC 165 at [12.16] that:

The expert must not only be impartial but must also appear to be so. The
expert should avoid being the witness of a party with whom he has a special
relationship. If that is unavoidable he must disclose the relevant facts. On
this point there must be absolute transparency from the expert witness and
their legal advisers for they are both officers of the Court.

(5) The expert’s brief

74 It is a requirement under O 40A r 3(2)(_c_) of the Rules that the expert’s
report contains “a statement setting out the issues which he has been asked to
consider and the basis upon which the evidence was given”. Form 58 fleshes out
the details that should be provided, as follows:

(a) the complete instructions which were given to the expert;

(b) a statement of facts leading to the expert’s opinion;

(c) the facts known by the expert to be true;

(d) the facts which the expert was instructed to assume; and

(e) the facts which the expert had assumed.

75 If these details are not present in the expert’s report, the court is
entitled to reject the opinion (see, for instance, _Ong Jane Rebecca_ ([62]
_supra_) at [39]–[43]). It should be evident from the requirements of Form 58
that the party engaging the expert itself needs to be crystal clear about its
instructions; in particular, solicitors should pay special attention to the
proper categorisation of “true” and “assumed” facts.

(6) The expert’s function

76 We now come to the meat of the expert’s report – the opinion itself. In
this regard, we gratefully adopt the summary by Evans LJ in _MCC Proceeds Inc
v Bishopsgate Investment Trust plc_ [1999] CLC 417 (“ _MCC Proceeds_ ”) at
[23] of the function of the expert witness on foreign law, as follows:

(1) to inform the court of the relevant contents of the foreign law;
identifying statutes or other legislation and explaining where necessary the
foreign court’s approach to their construction;

(2) to identify judgments or other authorities, explaining what status they
have as sources of the foreign law; and

(3) where there is no authority directly in point, to assist [the court] in
making a finding as to what the foreign court’s ruling would be if the issue
was to arise for decision there.

77 The expert must first place the relevant raw sources of foreign law before
the court. This is a requirement under O 40A r 3(2)(_b_) of the Rules, which
provides that the expert’s report must give details of “any literature or
other material which the expert witness has relied on in making the report”.

78 It should be noted that the purpose of procuring expert evidence is not
merely to place the content of foreign law before the court, but also to
obtain the expert’s opinion as to such law’s effect. In relation to foreign
statutes, Lord Denman CJ said in _Baron de Bode’s Case_ (1845) 8 QB 208 at
251; 115 ER 854 at 870:

Properly speaking, the nature of such evidence is not to set forth the
contents of the written law, but its effect and the state of law resulting
from it. The mere contents, indeed, might often mislead persons not familiar
with the particular system of law …

79 The expert should be aware that he must put forth not only his view of the
effect of the foreign statute in question, but also the foreign rules of
construction which he applied in reaching his view; otherwise, the court will
apply Singapore rules of construction. Similarly, where foreign cases are
cited, the expert ought to describe how the foreign court would regard such
cases in terms of their precedent value, if any. If academic literature is
relied upon, experts should have regard to Form 58, which counsels the expert
to:

(a) identify the literature or other material which he relied on in making the
report;

(b) state whether he had the opportunity to verify the literature; and

(c) state the identity and qualifications of the author of the literature.

80 The expert opinions in the instant case were particularly lacking in this
regard. Various Chinese statutory provisions were cited, but it was apparent
that there was a hierarchy of statutes which distinguished between laws
enacted by the National People’s Congress and its standing committees as well
as administrative regulations by the State Council of the People’s Republic of
China on the one hand, and local laws and administrative rules on the other.
The interrelationship between the various statutory provisions was crucial,
but neither side made much effort to explain how a Chinese court would regard
the relative importance of these provisions. Furthermore, Shanghai Bo En’s
legal opinions referred to one case and two “explanatory notes” appended to
the statutes, but the legal significance of such documents under Chinese
jurisprudence was never discussed.

81 Moving on, it should be noted that the expert’s role differs slightly when
the issue is the construction of a foreign _document_ , as opposed to a
foreign _statutory provision_. In _King v Brandywine Reinsurance Co_ [2005] 1
Lloyd’s Rep 655, the court had to consider the meaning of the phrase “removal
of debris” contained in an insurance policy document which was governed by New
York law. Waller LJ incisively stated at [68] that:

It is perhaps also important to remember that the role of an expert, unless
the court is concerned with special meanings, is to prove the rules of
construction of the foreign law, and it is then for the court to interpret the
contract in accordance with those rules. In other words the view of the expert
as to the meaning which would be given to the word “debris” is not admissible
evidence unless he is saying that it has a special meaning under New York law
[see Dicey & Morris 13th ed., 32-189].

82 In those cases where the law is not settled in the foreign jurisdiction,
the expert’s duty is more extensive and far-reaching. The expert should then
give his opinion as to the likely decision of a foreign court. However,
caution should be exercised. As Evans LJ stated in _MCC Proceeds_ ([76]
_supra_) at [24]), where there is no authority directly on point on the
foreign law being considered:

[I]t is important, in our judgment, to note the purpose for which the evidence
is given. [It] is to predict the likely decision of a foreign court, [and] not
to press upon the English judge the witness’s personal views as to what the
foreign law might be.

83 For instance, in _National Bank of Egypt International Ltd v Oman Housing
Bank SAOC_ [2003] 1 All ER (Comm) 246, the English High Court shut out the
expert’s evidence because the claimant’s purpose in seeking to adduce expert
evidence was not to predict the likely decision of the foreign court but to
impress upon the court the expert’s view of what the foreign law ought to be
rather than what the Court of Appeal in Oman had decided.

84 An expert should similarly also be warned against expressing any opinion on
issues outside the area of his competence as well as issues which are not part
of his brief. Where the expert can only come to a provisional or qualified
opinion, this too must be stated clearly in his report, along with an
explanation of the reasons for the uncertainties.

85 Whatever the case, it is clear that the expert cannot merely present his
conclusion on what the foreign law is without also presenting the underlying
evidence and the analytical process by which he reached his conclusion. For
instance, in _The H156_ ([69] _supra_) at [27], Selvam J quite rightly warned
against “the expert deciding the issue by assuming the power of decision”,
saying:

The function of an expert on foreign law is to submit the propositions of
foreign law as fact for the consideration of the court. [T]he court will then
make its own findings of what the foreign law is. Even though the expert may
submit his conclusions, he must present the materials and the grounds he uses
to make his conclusions. The expert may not usurp the function of the court
and present his finding. Further he cannot decide the issue by applying the
law to the facts without setting out the law and the reasoning process.

He denounced as a “pretended opinion” (_ibid_) the Norwegian lawyers’ report
which consisted of the single sentence: “The heads of damages are of a type
recognised in Norwegian law” (_id_ at [14]).

86 In the present case, there was some evidence of such errors in both
parties’ expert opinions. The opinions tended to cite copious amounts of
statutory provisions and, without much discussion, conclude that the relevant
provisions supported one proposition or another. The opinions tended to
degenerate at times into a slinging match between the appellants’ experts and
the respondent’s experts, which we did not find helpful.

87 Finally, the expert should note that he is to consider opposing opinions,
if any. Order 40A r 3(2)(_e_) of the Rules states that an expert’s report
must:

where there is a range of opinion on the matters dealt with in the report —

(i) summarise the range of opinion; and

(ii) give reasons for [the expert’s] opinion …

This last requirement cannot be overemphasised. An expert should not attempt
to conceal any adverse opinions which have come to his knowledge. An expert is
not expected to become an advocate against the party engaging him, but, at the
same time, he must be aware that his duty is owed primarily to the court.

(7) Summary of the expert’s conclusions

88 The expert’s report must contain a short summary of the conclusions reached
(see O 40A r 3(2)(_f_) of the Rules and Form 58). In addition, it should
contain “a statement of belief of correctness of the expert’s opinion” (see O
40A r 3(2)(_g_) of the Rules). In this regard, Form 58 contains a prescribed
formula for the statement, which also covers the requirements of O 40A r
3(2)(_h_) of the Rules.

(8) The instructing solicitors’ duty

89 Solicitors should familiarise themselves with the guidelines which we have
discussed above. We stress that it is the duty of the solicitor instructing
the expert to bring these guidelines to the latter’s attention. Non-compliance
with these requirements may result in the expert’s opinion being accorded
little or no evidentiary weight as well as in adverse cost consequences for
the party who engaged that expert.

Credit for the pledged shares registered under the respondent’s name

90 There was only one further issue for our consideration. The appellants
argued before the learned judge that as no credit was given for the value of
the pledged shares in the respondent’s letter of demand, there was a
substantial and _bona fide_ dispute over the debt claimed. As mentioned
earlier (at [13] above), the learned judge rejected this contention as she
held that the beneficial interest in the pledged shares had not changed and
the pledge had not been enforced.

91 The appellants contended before us that the pledged shares were lodged by
the respondent with Laien’s company secretary in breach of the 2003 contract.
According to the appellants, it was agreed that the share certificates
relating to the pledged shares were to be retained by the respondent as
security and there was no provision in the contract for the registration of
those share certificates. The respondent was only entitled to realise the
rights in the pledged shares 30 days after Shanghai Pacific breached its
repayment obligations _vis-à-vis_ ICBC Shanghai. However, the respondent
registered the share transfer forms pertaining to the pledged shares in or
about October 2003 when there had not been any breach by Shanghai Pacific
entitling the respondent to realise the security. Further, because the pledged
shares were registered in the respondent’s name, the appellants and Mr Lee
were prevented from exercising their voting rights at an extraordinary general
meeting (“EGM”) held on 28 July 2006. Finally, by reason of the invalidity of
the 2003 contract, the transfers of the pledged shares were also void.

92 We noted that the above share transfer forms expressly stated that there
was to be “[n]o change in beneficial ownership” upon the transfer of the
pledged shares. This was also stated in the resolution of Laien’s directors
dated 13 October 2003 which authorised the transfer of the pledged shares upon
the execution, stamping and delivery to Laien of the share transfer forms. The
condition that there would be no change in beneficial ownership could only
have had meaning if it was intended that the respondent could register the
share transfers even before any default entitling it to enforce the pledge. We
also accepted the respondent’s point that if the registration of the pledged
shares was in breach of the 2003 contract, the appellants ought to have taken
steps to recover those shares when they were transferred in October 2003. No
explanation was given by the appellants as to why they had not taken any steps
to rectify this alleged irregularity. All this suggested that the parties did
not consider registration of the pledged shares to constitute enforcement of
the pledge. Enforcement of the pledge, as found by the learned judge (at [26]
of the GD), would involve some exercise of the rights of a beneficial owner,
for instance, by selling the pledged shares or exercising the voting rights
attached to those shares. In this regard, we noted that the EGM of 28 July
2006, during which the respondent exercised its voting rights arising from the
pledged shares, took place long after the date on which it was entitled to
enforce the pledge (which was 30 days after Shanghai Pacific’s breach of its
repayment obligations in 2004). For these reasons, we agreed with the learned
judge’s decision on this point.

Conclusion

93 In summary, the appellants failed to persuade us that there was a
substantial and _bona fide_ dispute over the debt demanded by the respondent.
For that reason, we dismissed both appeals with the usual cost orders.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 16 Jan 2008 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

