Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## The Oriental Insurance Co Ltd v Reliance National Asia Re Pte Ltd  
[2008] SGCA 18

Case Number | : | CA 136/2007  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 21 April 2008  
Tribunal/Court | : | Court of Appeal  
Coram | : |  Chan Sek Keong CJ; Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA; V K Rajah JA   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  N Sreenivasan and Palaniappan Sundararaj (Straits Law Practice LLC) for the appellant; Balakrishnan Ashok Kumar, Kevin Kwek and Margaret Ling (Allen & Gledhill LLP) for the respondent   
Parties | : |  The Oriental Insurance Co Ltd — Reliance National Asia Re Pte Ltd   
  
Civil Procedure – Extension of time – Failure to file proof of debt in time –
Creditor's claim deemed zero – Factors that court considers in deciding
whether to grant extension of time – Whether court having jurisdiction to
grant extension of time under O 3 r 4 Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2006 Rev
Ed) to creditor to file its proof of debt after court sanctioned scheme –
Whether extension of time should be granted to creditor to file proof of debt  
  
Companies – Schemes of arrangement – Nature of schemes of arrangement –
Legislative history and purpose of s 210 Companies Act (Cap 50, 2006 Rev Ed) –
Established principles governing schemes of arrangement – Extension of time
for filing proof of debt in relation to schemes of arrangement – Factors that
court considers in deciding whether to grant extension of time – Failure to
file proof of debt in time – Creditor's claim deemed zero – Whether court
having jurisdiction to grant extension of time under O 3 r 4 Rules of Court
(Cap 322, R 5, 2006 Rev Ed) or s 392(4)(d) Companies Act (Cap 50, 2006 Rev Ed)
to creditor to file proof of debt after court sanctioned scheme – Whether
scheme of arrangement operating as statutory contract or order of court –
Whether extension of time to file proof of debt a matter of procedure or
material alteration of scheme – Whether extension of time should be granted to
creditor to file proof of debt – Whether prejudice caused to company, other
parties to scheme or creditor seeking extension of time – Whether creditor
seeking extension of time to be blamed for failure to file proof of debt in
time  
  

21 April 2008 |   
---|---  
  
V K Rajah JA (delivering the grounds of decision of the court):

**Introduction**

1 This appeal raised an interesting but rather narrow point of law, _viz_ ,
whether the court retains a residual jurisdiction to extend the time for a
creditor to file its proof of debt _after_ the court has approved a scheme of
arrangement pursuant to s 210 of the Companies Act (Cap 50, 2006 Rev Ed). The
judge in the court below (“the Judge”) answered this question in the negative
(see _Re Reliance National Asia Re Pte Ltd_ [2008] 1 SLR 569 (“the GD”) at
[2]). She then dismissed the application of the appellant, Oriental Insurance
Co Ltd (“Oriental”), for a three-week extension of time to file its proof of
debt pursuant to the scheme of compromise and arrangement entered into between
the respondent, Reliance National Asia Re Pte Ltd (“Reliance”), and its
creditors including Oriental (“the Scheme”).

2 The Judge’s decision effectively meant that Oriental was prevented from
recovering any portion of its outstanding claim of approximately US$20m from
Reliance. Oriental appealed against the Judge’s decision. We allowed
Oriental’s appeal and now give the detailed reasons for our decision.

**The facts**

**_Events leading up to the Scheme_**

3 Reliance was incorporated locally in July 1996 and was in the business of
undertaking general insurance. At its inception, Reliance was a fully-owned
subsidiary of Reliance Insurance Company (“RIC”), a company incorporated in
the US. RIC ran into financial difficulties in 2000, and its financial frailty
affected Reliance’s operations, rendering it no longer feasible for Reliance
to continue business. As a consequence, Reliance’s management decided that the
best commercial option would be to enter into a voluntary run-off of the
company. This was initiated in April 2001 (see the GD at [3]).

4 Subsequently, Whittington Investment Guernsey Ltd (“WIG”) acquired the
entire share capital of Reliance sometime in 2004. As the run-off proved to be
both costly and time-consuming, Reliance, under its new ownership, decided
that the most efficient and effective method of settlement with its creditors
would be the implementation of a solvent scheme of arrangement (in the form of
the Scheme) under s 210 of the Companies Act. Whittington Asia Pacific Pte
Ltd, a company alleged by Oriental (and which appears) to be a wholly-owned
subsidiary of WIG, was duty appointed as the scheme manager having conduct of
the Scheme (“the Scheme Manager”). It appears from para 1.7 of the explanatory
statement to the Scheme (“the Explanatory Statement”), which is reproduced at
[7] below, that the acquisition of Reliance by WIG in 2004 was motivated by
business considerations, namely, an expedient conclusion of the run-off by
means of the Scheme. According to Reliance, the Scheme would have the
advantage of concluding the run-off of Reliance’s business much earlier than
would be the case if the run-off were to continue until all claims from
Reliance’s creditors (referred to as “Scheme Creditors” in these grounds of
decision) had materialised and had been agreed to and paid in the normal
course of business (see the GD at [4]).

5 To implement the Scheme, Reliance sent a letter dated 18 November 2005 to
all the Scheme Creditors, including Oriental (an insurance company
incorporated in India and wholly-owned by the Indian government), informing
them about and seeking their support of the Scheme. The letter was sent to
Oriental’s general address at A-25/27, Asaf Ali Road, New Delhi 110002, India
(“the General Address”).

6 Pursuant to s 210(1) of the Companies Act, Reliance applied on 19 May 2006
to the High Court for permission to convene a creditors’ meeting. By an order
of court dated 2 June 2006, a meeting of the Scheme Creditors (“the Court
Meeting”) was ordered to be convened to consider whether the Scheme should be
approved. On 16 June 2006, Reliance sent the notice of the Court Meeting
(which was to be held on 26 September 2006), the Explanatory Statement and the
documents setting out the terms and conditions of the Scheme (“the Scheme of
Compromise and Arrangement”) to Oriental at the General Address. The proxy
form, voting form and a specimen proof of debt form were also bound together
with the above documents (collectively, all the documents sent to the Scheme
Creditors, including Oriental, will be referred to as “the Scheme Documents”).
It was not disputed that Oriental received the Scheme Documents (see the GD at
[7]).

**_Key provisions of the Scheme Documents_**

7 For the purposes of this appeal, we think it would be helpful to set out
some of the salient provisions of the Scheme Documents, particularly those
relating to the purpose of the Scheme, the filing of proofs of debt by Scheme
Creditors and the payment of Scheme Creditors’ claims (“Scheme Claims”).
Paragraph 1.7 of the Explanatory Statement explained that the objectives of
the Scheme were to _conclude the run-off of Reliance’s business earlier_ than
would be the case if the run-off were to continue until all Scheme Claims had
materialised and had been agreed to and paid, as well as to make _full
payment_ to all the Scheme Creditors:

**1.7 REASONS FOR SCHEME AND FOR SCHEME CREDITORS TO APPROVE THE SCHEME**

…

The Company [_ie_ , Reliance] does not expect the run-off of the Company’s
business to be completed for many years and as a result believes that a Scheme
of Arrangement should be the most efficient and effective method of making
_full payments_ to Scheme Creditors in the shortest practicable time. _A
Scheme will have the effect of concluding the run-off of the Company’s
business earlier than would be the case if it were to continue until all
claims had materialised and had been agreed and paid in the normal course_.

The aim of the acquisition of the Company by WIG was for WIG to conclude the
run-off by use of a _solvent scheme of arrangement, which is intended to cover
all creditors of the Company_. If the Company were unable to promote the
Scheme, the costs of maintaining the run-off would be disproportionate and it
is likely that the Company would explore other alternative methods of putting
a close to the Company’s business, such as by a solvent liquidation.

[emphasis added]

Similarly, cl 2.1 of the Scheme of Compromise and Arrangement emphasised:

The primary purpose of the Scheme is to _conclude the run-off of the Company’s
business earlier than it would have been [concluded] in the normal course_ by
accelerating where necessary and providing a mechanism for payment of _all_
Scheme Claims. To achieve such purpose, the Scheme establishes mechanisms by
which all Scheme Claims (present and future) shall be ascertained and
thereupon _paid in full_. [emphasis added]

8 In relation to the Scheme’s objective of paying all the Scheme Creditors in
full, para 1.6 of the Explanatory Statement set out the financial position of
Reliance and explained that, based on the company’s audited accounts as at 31
December 2005, Reliance had sufficient assets to meet all the Scheme Claims:

**1.6 FINANCIAL POSITION OF THE COMPANY**

1.6.1 The audited balance sheet of the Company for the year ended 31 December
2005 shows the Company to be _solvent with assets of S$36,861,203 and
liabilities of S$28,062,270, with a net asset value of S$8,798,933_. ...

1.6.2 The net asset value as at 31 December 2004 was S$11,390,701, while the
net asset value as at 31 December 2005 was S$8,798,933. _There has been no
material change in the financial position of the Company since 31 December
2005_.

1.6.3 Out of the total assets of S$36,861,203 (for the year ended 31 December
2005), the Company has cash and investments of S$27,208,416, and insurance and
reinsurance assets worth S$8,361,398.

1.6.4 Out of the total liabilities of S$28,062,270 (for the year ended 31
December 2005), the Company estimates that S$730,595 are non Scheme
Liabilities. _The Scheme Liabilities as at 31 December 2005 amount to
S$27,331,675_ , of which, S$3,423,465 represents outstanding claims (agreed
but as yet unpaid), S$16,061,000 represents loss reserves and Incurred But Not
Reported (“IBNR”) claims, and S$7,847,210 represents amounts owing to
retrocessionaires.

[emphasis added]

As Reliance (as at 31 December 2005) had assets of $36,861,203 and liabilities
of $28,062,270, of which an estimated $27,331,675 consisted of “Scheme
Liabilities”, the Scheme was (and remains) a _solvent_ scheme of arrangement
whereby all the Scheme Creditors would be paid in full. In fact, para 1.7 of
the Explanatory Statement (see [7] above) unequivocally described the Scheme
as “a _solvent_ scheme of arrangement, which [was] intended to cover _all_
creditors of the Company” [emphasis added].

9 As for how and when payments under the Scheme were to be effected, para
2.2.1 of the Explanatory Statement provided as follows:

**2.2.1 Payment under the Scheme**

(a) The Company shall pay or procure to be paid to each Scheme Creditor, _who
has delivered a Proof of Debt to the Scheme Manager at the Specified Address
on or before 14 May 2007_ , an amount in the Reference Currency equal to [its]
Approved Scheme Claim. Payment to the Scheme Creditors in respect of their
Approved Scheme Claims shall only be made by the Company after all Scheme
Claims have been determined by the Scheme Manager and all Disputed Claims have
been adjudicated by the Independent Adjudicator. …

(b)_In the event that any Scheme Creditor fails to submit a Proof of Debt to
the Scheme Manager at the Specified Address by the Claims Cut-Off [D]ate, that
Scheme Creditor shall not be entitled to any payment of his Scheme Claim with
effect from the Claims Cut-Off Date, and:_

(i) _the Company shall be completely and absolutely released and discharged
from all claims, obligations and liabilities_ (whether actual, contingent or
otherwise) _and indebtedness_ (whether as principal debtor or surety) _of the
Company to that Scheme Creditor_ whatsoever and howsoever arising out of or in
connection with any and all agreements, transactions, dealings and matters
effected or entered into or occurring at any time prior to the Court Meeting
Date (including but not limited to the Scheme Claims of such Scheme Creditor);

(ii) that Scheme Creditor shall, if called upon so to do, execute and deliver
to the Company such forms of release and discharge thereof on such terms as
the Company may reasonably require; and

(iii) that Scheme Creditor shall forthwith, and in any event at the request of
the Company discontinue and terminate, without any order as to costs, any and
all legal proceedings commenced by it against the Company in any jurisdiction
for or in this connection.

[emphasis added]

Thus, in order to receive payment under the Scheme, the Scheme Creditors had
to file their proofs of debt on or before the claims cut-off date (“the Claims
Cut-Off Date”), which was stated to be 14 May 2007 in the table of “Key Dates
and Expected Timetable” in the Explanatory Statement. Paragraph 3.3.2 of the
Explanatory Statement further explained that the effect of lodging a proof of
debt after the Claims Cut-Off Date was that the particular Scheme Creditor’s
claim would be _deemed to be zero in value_ :

**3.3.2 Lodgement After Claims Cut-Off Date**

Any Proofs of Debt received by the Scheme Manager after the Claims Cut-Off
Date _shall not be admitted by the Scheme Manager_ for the purpose of the
Scheme.

If any Scheme Creditor fails to submit [its] Proof of Debt by the Claims Cut-
Off Date, that Scheme Creditor’s Scheme Claim _will be valued at zero_.

[emphasis added]

10 Similarly, cl 3 of the Scheme of Compromise and Arrangement reiterated:

**3\. Proof of Debt and Barring of Claims**

**3.1** For the purpose of seeking payment in respect of a Scheme Claim, each
Scheme Creditor of the Company shall, _no later than the Claims Cut-Off Date_
, submit to the Scheme Manager at the Specified Address, a Proof of Debt
relating to that Scheme Creditor’s Scheme Claims.

**3.2** The value of all Scheme Claims of any Scheme Creditor who fails to
submit a Proof of Debt on or before the Claims Cut-Off Date _shall be deemed
to be zero_. For the avoidance of doubt, and as an independent stipulation, in
such a situation, the relevant Scheme Creditor shall be bound by the terms of
the Scheme.

[emphasis added]

In the Scheme of Compromise and Arrangement, the Claims Cut-Off Date was
likewise defined in cl 1 as 14 May 2007.

**_Events after Oriental received the Scheme Documents_**

11 After receiving the Scheme Documents, Oriental completed the voting form
and the proxy form and sent them to Reliance on 15 September 2006, requesting
that the latter attend the Court Meeting on its behalf. Oriental voted in
favour of the Scheme and appointed the chairman of the Court Meeting as its
proxy.

12 At the Court Meeting (which was held on 26 September 2006), a majority in
number and a majority of three-fourths in value of the Scheme Creditors,
voting either in person or by proxy, voted in favour of the Scheme. Reliance
then applied to the High Court on 17 October 2006 for the Scheme to be
sanctioned.

13 Subsequently, Reliance sent a letter dated 18 October 2006 to Oriental at
the General Address, addressed to Mr S L Mohan (“Mr Mohan”), who was known to
Reliance as a senior executive of Oriental. This letter notified Oriental that
Reliance had applied to the High Court for the Scheme to be sanctioned. A copy
of the notice of hearing for that application, which was to be heard on 7
November 2006 at 10.00am, was also enclosed with the letter.

14 On 7 November 2006, the High Court sanctioned the Scheme. Reliance
subsequently wrote to Oriental on 14 November 2006 and informed it of this
development. The letter was again sent to the General Address and addressed to
Mr Mohan. The letter further informed Oriental that the Scheme was now
effective and reminded Oriental to file its proof of debt by 14 May 2007 (_ie_
, the Claims Cut-Off Date):

[T]he High Court of the Republic of Singapore ha[s] at the hearing this
morning sanctioned the Scheme under Section 210 of the Companies Act (Chapter
50).

Accordingly, the Scheme is now effective and applies to all Scheme Creditors
regardless of whether and how they voted at the Court Meeting. Steps will now
be taken to implement the terms of the Scheme.

You should note that, under the terms of the Scheme, all Scheme Creditors will
have to file their Proofs of Debt to the Scheme [Manager], namely Whittington
Asia Pacific Pte Ltd at the Specified Address (i.e. 1 George Street, #16-03
One George Street, Singapore 049145) by the Claims Cut-Off Date, ie. by **14
May 2007**. A copy of the Proof of Debt form is enclosed for your necessary
action.

[emphasis in bold in original]

The proof of debt form mentioned in the above quotation contained specific
instructions on how the form was to be completed. The instructions
specifically stated, _inter alia_ , that:

The deadline for submitting completed Proof of Debt Forms is the Claims Cut-
Off Date, being 12.00 midnight Singapore time on **_14 May 2007_** ...
Returned Proof of Debt Forms must reach the Scheme Manager on or before this
date. If a Scheme Creditor does not complete and return a Proof of Debt Form
to the Scheme Manager by the Claims Cut-Off Date, that Scheme Creditor’s
Scheme Claims shall be deemed to be zero.

[underlining and emphasis in bold in original]

15 Oriental alleged that it did not receive both the letter of 18 October 2006
and that of 14 November 2006. It contended that:

(a) The letters had not been sent to the address provided in its completed
voting form and completed proxy form.

(b) The letters were addressed to Mr Mohan, who had retired from Oriental in
February 2005. In this regard, Oriental pointed out that as it had a very
large workforce of some 16,000 employees and 1,000 offices all over India,
letters that were not addressed to the correct individuals might go missing.

16 After November 2006, Reliance sent a further six e-mails to Oriental to
remind the latter to submit its proof of debt before the Claims Cut-Off Date.
These e-mails were sent to two different e-mail addresses, as follows:

(a) The first three e-mails were sent to the e-mail address
“oic@oriental.nic.in” on 11 January 2007, 13 February 2007 and 13 March 2007
respectively, and a copy of the proof of debt form was attached to each of the
e-mails. Reliance had apparently obtained this email address from what it
described as “the Insurance Directory of Asia 2004/2005”[note: 1]. Oriental
contended that it had not received these e-mails as the e-mail address
“oic@oriental.nic.in” had been terminated as early as 1 April 2005.

(b) The later three e-mails were addressed specifically to Mr M K Jindal (“Mr
Jindal”), who had been identified in Oriental’s completed voting form as
Oriental’s “Dy. General Manager (Technical)”. These e-mails were sent on 11
April 2007, 2 May 2007 and 10 May 2007 respectively to the e-mail address
“mkjindal@orientalinsurance.co.in”, which was likewise obtained from
Oriental’s completed voting form. Once again, a copy of the proof of debt form
was attached to each of the e-mails. Oriental maintained that Mr Jindal had
not received those e-mails.

17 Reliance also alleged that it had tried to contact Oriental on 11 May 2007
twice via the fax number listed in Oriental’s letter dated 15 September 2006
enclosing Oriental’s completed proxy form and completed voting form. Both
attempts were, however, unsuccessful.

18 Sometime in July 2007, Oriental was informed by the Indian Insurance
Regulatory Authority (which had earlier been notified by the Monetary
Authority of Singapore) that it had failed to file its proof of debt in time.
On being apprised of this, Oriental immediately sent a letter on 16 July 2007
to Reliance seeking confirmation of the status of its monetary claim. Reliance
replied on 18 July 2007 stating that as Oriental had failed to submit its
proof of debt by the Claims Cut-Off Date, its claim of US$19,031,656 had been
deemed to be of zero value (see the GD at [19]).

19 Oriental then applied on 4 September 2007, under O 3 r 4 of the Rules of
Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2006 Rev Ed), for a three-week extension of time to file
its proof of debt under the Scheme (see the GD at [20]). Order 3 r 4 provides
as follows:

**Extension, etc., of time (O. 3, r. 4)**

**4.** —(1) The Court may, on such terms as it thinks just, by order extend or
abridge the period within which a person is required or authorised by these
Rules or by any judgment, _order_ or direction, to do _any act_ in _any
proceedings_.

(2) The Court may extend any such period as is referred to in paragraph (1)
although the application for extension is not made until after the expiration
of that period.

(3) The period within which a person is required by these Rules, or by any
order or direction, to serve, file or amend any pleading or other document may
be extended by consent (given in writing) without an order of the Court being
made for that purpose, unless the Court specifies otherwise.

(4) In this Rule, references to the Court shall be construed as including
references to the Court of Appeal.

(5) Paragraph (3) shall not apply to the period within which any action or
matter is required to be set down for trial or hearing or within which any
notice of appeal is required to be filed.

[emphasis added]

**The decision below**

20 Oriental’s application for an extension of time was dismissed by the Judge.
The Judge held that the sole issue before her was whether the court had
jurisdiction to extend the time for a creditor to file its proof of debt after
the court had approved a scheme of arrangement (see the GD at [2]), and she
was of the view that, although this issue was a relatively narrowly-defined
one, it had to be analysed “within the entire framework of principles and
procedures that govern[ed] compromises and schemes of arrangements” (_id_ at
[22]). The Judge observed that the answer to the question turned on the nature
of schemes of arrangement, and that there was “some controversy as to whether
a scheme of arrangement derived its efficacy from an order of court, or from
the statute” (_id_ at [27]), given that the two jurisdictions from which s 210
of the Companies Act was derived (namely, the UK and Australia) had adopted
radically different solutions to the same conundrum (_id_ at [28]–[31]).

21 The English approach (which will be considered in greater detail at
[48]–[52] below), as embodied in the Privy Council decision of _Kempe v
Ambassador Insurance Co_ [1998] 1 WLR 271 (“ _Kempe_ ”), takes the position
that a scheme of arrangement which has been approved by the requisite majority
of the company’s creditors derives its efficacy purely from statute and
therefore operates as a statutory contract. Thus, save in cases of obvious
mistakes in the documents setting out the scheme or fraud (where the court has
inherent jurisdiction to make amendments to the scheme), once a scheme of
arrangement has been approved by the necessary majority and sanctioned by the
court, the court has no jurisdiction to make any substantive alterations to
the scheme, including extending the time for creditors to file their proofs of
debt pursuant to the scheme. In contrast, the Australian approach (considered
at [53]–[56] below) takes the position that a scheme of arrangement derives
its efficacy from the order of court approving the scheme and in fact operates
as an order of court. A court has inherent jurisdiction to vary its own
orders. In any case, in our local context, O 3 r 4(1) of the Rules of Court
(reproduced at [19] above), which provides that the court may by order “extend
… the period within which a person is required or authorised by … any …
_order_ … to do _any act_ in _any proceedings_ ” [emphasis added], would
permit the court (after it has approved a scheme of arrangement) to grant a
creditor an extension of time to file its proof of debt.

22 After assessing both approaches, the Judge regarded the English approach as
the more persuasive one and accordingly adopted it. She held (see the GD at
[32]):

**_In my view, the English position is more persuasive than the Australian one
and I therefore adopted it in this case. At the very core of every sanctioned
scheme lies a statutory contract of compromise that fully-informed creditors
have agreed to_**. The statutory provision exists primarily to overcome the
impossibility of obtaining the individual consent of each and every member.
Theoretically speaking, it is not impossible for such a scheme to be effective
even _without_ the court’s sanction if the company and _all_ its creditors
agreed to the proposal, _ie_ , there were no dissentients. The scheme then
operates purely by way of contract. Of course, in reality, this is rarely
achievable (especially in big companies), but **_the point is that the
sanction of the court adds no magic to the scheme, other than to bind
dissentient members to a scheme which the court accepts as fair and
reasonable_**. … [W]here the statutory requirements have been satisfied, the
discretion of the court in deciding whether to sanction the scheme is limited.
**_In this sense, one can view the source of efficacy of the scheme as the
statutory provisions, and not, strictly speaking, the court order sanctioning
the scheme_**. This is, of course, not to detract from the fact that the court
retains an **_inherent jurisdiction_** to correct any obvious errors in the
scheme ... [emphasis added in bold italics].

23 The Judge then considered the limited circumstances where a scheme of
arrangement _which had already been approved by the court_ (“court-approved
scheme”) could be amended through the exercise of the court’s inherent
jurisdiction. She opined that an extension of a time limit set out in such a
scheme was a “material alteration” (see [38] of the GD, quoting from _Kempe_
at 276) and, therefore, the court had no jurisdiction to make such an
alteration. The Judge’s reasoning was as follows (see the GD at [38] and
[40]):

38 Once a scheme of arrangement has been sanctioned and registered, it may
only be amended in _very limited circumstances_. This is effected through the
exercise of the court’s inherent jurisdiction. **_Thus, a court-sanctioned
scheme may be set aside where consent to it has been obtained by fraud
(Fletcher v Royal Automobile Club Ltd[2000] 1 BCLC 331), or where there are
any “obvious mistakes” in the document (Kempe at 276)_**. The general
principle, however, is that the court cannot alter the _substance_ of the
scheme and impose upon creditors arrangements to which they did not agree
(_Kempe_ at 276). **_It has been held that an amendment to time limits set out
in a scheme constitutes a “material alternation”_** (_Kempe_ at … 276) and an
“amendment of substance” (_In_ _Re Forklift Sales (SA) Pty Ltd_ (1972) 3 SASR
21 at 25 … ).

…

40 **_In my view, this proposition is in tandem with the principle that the
court has no jurisdiction to alter the substance of the scheme and impose upon
creditors an arrangement to which they had not agreed_**. The s 210 procedure
would need to be adhered to rigorously in any application for amendment to
schemes of arrangement and the safeguards therein would ensure that terms to
which the majority of the creditors do not agree will not be imposed on them –
the original scheme is amended by the creditors, _not_ by the court. Even
then, the court is naturally reluctant to reopen [creditors’] rights and
obligations: _Re Elliott’s_ [_MF Services Pty Ltd_ [1965] VR 756] (at 757).
**_This strengthens the view that a scheme of arrangement should be viewed as
a statutory contract the terms of which have been agreed to by the parties
rather than imposed on them by an order of court_**. Where the amendments
sought are material or substantial, the court has no jurisdiction to grant
such amendments and thereby impose on creditors something which they had not
considered or agreed to.

[emphasis added in bold italics]

24 The Judge concluded by noting (at [41] of the GD):

The basis on which Oriental sought an extension of time was O 3 r 4 of the
Rules of Court ... As I accepted the English position enunciated in _Kempe_ ,
and this was not a case of fraud or obvious mistake, I found that there was no
jurisdiction to grant such an extension of time.

25 In arriving at her decision, the Judge (as mentioned at [20] above)
considered at some length certain established principles relating to schemes
of arrangement (which will be discussed at [42]–[46] below), and was of the
opinion that these principles supported and were consistent with the position
adopted in _Kempe_ (see the GD at [36] and [40]). The Judge also took pains to
stress that “[t]he overarching principle here [_ie_ , in the case of a court-
approved scheme] is one of _clarity_ , _certainty_ and _finality_ , without
which a scheme of arrangement cannot be efficaciously implemented” [emphasis
added] (see the GD at [25]), and it appeared that this was one of the main
reasons which persuaded her to adopt the English approach as laid down in
_Kempe_. She stated (at [44] of the GD):

… I was of the view that there would be serious repercussions if this
application [by Oriental for an extension of time to file its proof of debt]
was allowed, not only for Reliance, but also for future schemes of
arrangement. _The most weighty consequence is that the certainty, efficacy and
finality of schemes such as the present would be severely compromised_. If, on
the facts of the present case, an application to extend time had been granted,
the threshold for future creditors to seek an extension of time would be very
low. There will then be no certainty and finality in a scheme such as the
present because every time a creditor obtain[s] an extension of time, all the
claims will have to be re-adjudicated. Much delay, which would be prejudicial
to the scheme, will also ensue. This will be further complicated if, for
example, interim dividends have already been paid out under the scheme, such
as in _Kempe_. In fact, counsel for Reliance informed the court at the hearing
that, were this application to be allowed, the entire scheme might have to be
abandoned. This was in the light of the very nature and object of the Scheme,
_viz,_ to adjudicate and settle all claims more expeditiously than would be
the case if Reliance continued to be in run-off. _In complex commercial
arrangements such as the present where parties are legally advised and are
fully informed, I am of the view that … the court should lean towards
certainty as this is the course that is fairest and of most benefit to scheme
creditors taken as a whole_. [emphasis added].

**The parties’ arguments on appeal**

26 In the present appeal, the crux of Oriental’s case was simply that “[the
Judge] erred in accepting the English authorities, and that the correct
approach in law [was] the approach taken by the Australian courts … that the
scheme [of arrangement was] essentially an order of court”.[note: 2] Oriental
contended that if the decision in _Kempe_ ([21] _supra_) were to be accepted
as laying down the general proposition of law, then the court would become
_functus officio_ the moment it approved a scheme of arrangement. Such a
sterile approach, it was submitted, could lead to manifest injustice. In
contrast, Reliance, reiterating the reasons given by the Judge in the GD for
adopting the approach in _Kempe_ , submitted that there were “compelling
reasons”[note: 3] for adopting that approach. Reliance also submitted that in
_Daewoo Singapore Pte Ltd v CEL Tractors Pte Ltd_ [2001] 4 SLR 35 (“ _Daewoo_
”), a case which we will deal with in greater detail at [58]–[59] below,
“[t]he Singapore Court of Appeal ha[d] _affirmed_ that a scheme of arrangement
[was] a _statutory contract_ entered into between the company and scheme
creditors”[note: 4] [emphasis added].

27 At the hearing before us, counsel for Oriental, Mr N Sreenivasan (“Mr
Sreenivasan”), sought leave (which we granted) to introduce a new legal
argument which had not been raised either in the court below or in Oriental’s
written case for this appeal and which had been made for the first time only
in Oriental’s written skeletal submissions for this appeal. This
argument[note: 5] was premised on s 392(4)(_d_) of the Companies Act. Oriental
submitted that s 392(4)(_d_) gave the court the jurisdiction to grant an
extension of time for, _inter alia_ , creditors to file their proofs of debt
under a scheme of arrangement, and thus afforded an alternative ground to the
Rules of Court (if the Australian approach were adopted), _independent of the
nature of schemes of arrangement_ , for this court to allow Oriental’s
application for an extension of time. As this argument concerned purely a
point of law, and as adequate notice had been given to Reliance’s counsel, we
gave leave to Mr Sreenivasan to raise this new argument before this court.

**The issues on appeal**

28 The main issue for our determination was whether the court had
jurisdiction, be it pursuant to O 3 r 4 of the Rules of Court (if the
Australian approach were adopted) or s 392(4)(_d_) of the Companies Act, to
extend the time for a creditor to file its proof of debt in respect of a
court-approved scheme. An affirmative answer to this main issue would raise
the corollary issue of whether an extension of time should be granted to
Oriental on the facts of the present case. We should perhaps point out at this
juncture, for the sake of clarity, that in respect of the main issue, the word
“jurisdiction” is used in these grounds of decision in the sense of “power” to
denote jurisdictional power (see _Ng Swee Lang v Sassoon Samuel Bernard_
[2008] SGCA 7 (“ _Ng Swee Lang_ ”) at [26]), and not in the strict sense of
the authority of the court to hear and determine a dispute brought before it
(which was the meaning adopted in _Muhd Munir v Noor Hidah_ [1990] SLR 999 (“
_Muhd Munir_ ”) at 1007, [9]). In _Ng Swee Lang_ , Chan Sek Keong CJ
illustrated the concept of “jurisdiction” as jurisdictional power with the
following example (at [26]):

[W]hen the court says that it has no jurisdiction to issue a Mareva injunction
in aid of a foreign arbitration, it does not mean that the court does not have
the authority to hear applications for Mareva injunctions in respect of
pending or ongoing foreign arbitration. What it means, instead, is that that
kind of injunction is not a relief which the court has jurisdiction (in the
sense of jurisdictional power) or power to grant in the context concerned.

In the present appeal, it appears that the parties have, in their submissions
before this court and in the court below, used the word “jurisdiction”
interchangeably with “power”. There is no doubt a distinction between
“jurisdiction” (in the strict sense) and “power” (see _Muhd Munir_ at 1007,
[9] for an elucidation of the distinction between the two), but, for the
purposes of this appeal, we wish to make it clear that the word “jurisdiction”
is employed in the sense of jurisdictional power, and we believe that this is
what the parties meant as well by their use of this term in their submissions.

**Whether the court has jurisdiction to extend the time for filing proofs of
debt in respect of a court-approved scheme**

29 The question of the court’s jurisdiction to extend the time (either
pursuant to O 3 r 4 of the Rules of Court or s 392(4)(_d_) of the Companies
Act) for a creditor to file its proof of debt after the court has approved of
a scheme of arrangement under s 210 of the Companies Act appears to be before
the local courts for the first time; thus, the Judge quite rightly considered,
at some length, the established principles in relation to schemes of
arrangement before coming to her decision (see [20] and [25] above). We note,
further, that whether or not the court can extend time in this context
pursuant to the Rules of Court (as opposed to s 392(4)(_d_) of the Companies
Act) depends on the nature of schemes of arrangement, _viz_ , whether they
operate as statutory contracts or as orders of court.

30 We agreed with the Judge that the above issues had to be resolved in the
context of the established principles relating to and the nature of schemes of
arrangement. In addition, we were of the opinion that it was equally important
to give due consideration to the legislative history and purpose of s 210 of
the Companies Act. It would therefore be useful here for us to first examine
the statutory context of s 210 before considering some of the established
principles in relation to schemes of arrangement.

**_Legislative history and purpose of section 210 of the Companies Act_**

_Legislative history_

31 Section 210 of the Companies Act, which governs compromises and schemes of
arrangements in Singapore, provides as follows:

**Power to compromise with creditors and members**

**210.** —(1) Where a compromise or [an] arrangement is proposed between a
company and its creditors or any class of them or between the company and its
members or any class of them, the Court may, on the application in a summary
way of the company or of any creditor or member of the company, or, in the
case of a company being wound up, of the liquidator, order a meeting of the
creditors or class of creditors or of the members of the company or class of
members to be summoned in such manner as the Court directs.

(2) A meeting held pursuant to an order of the Court made under subsection (1)
may be adjourned from time to time if the resolution for adjournment is
approved by a majority in number representing three-fourths in value of the
creditors or class of creditors or members or class of members present and
voting either in person or by proxy at the meeting.

(3) If a majority in number representing three-fourths in value of the
creditors or class of creditors or members or class of members present and
voting either in person or by proxy at the meeting or the adjourned meeting
agrees to any compromise or arrangement, the compromise or arrangement shall,
_if approved by order of the Court_ _, be binding on all the creditors or
class of creditors or on the members or class of members, as the case may be,
and also on the company or, in the case of a company in the course of being
wound up, on the liquidator and contributories of the company_.

…

(4) Subject to subsection (4A) [which is not relevant to the present appeal],
_the Court may grant its approval to a compromise or [an] arrangement subject
to such alterations or conditions as it thinks just_.

…

(5) An order under subsection (3) shall have no effect until a copy of the
order is lodged with the Registrar [of Companies], and upon being so lodged,
the order shall take effect on and from the date of lodgment or such earlier
date as the Court may determine and as may be specified in the order.

…

(11) In this section —

“arrangement” includes a reorganisation of the share capital of a company by
the consolidation of shares of different classes or by the division of shares
into shares of different classes or by both these methods;

“company” means any corporation or society liable to be wound up under this
Act.

[emphasis added]

32 Section 210 of the Companies Act originally appeared as s 176 of the
Companies Act 1967 (Act 42 of 1967) (“the 1967 Act”), which was Singapore’s
first piece of companies legislation. Save for the renumbering of s 176 of the
1967 Act as s 210 in the Companies Act (Cap 50, 1985 Rev Ed) and the
amendments made to s 210 of the Companies Act in 2007 via ss 65(_b_)–65(_d_)
of the Banking (Amendment) Act 2007 (Act 1 of 2007) (these changes, which
consisted of the insertion of ss 210(3A) and 210(4A) as well as the addition
of the opening words “[s]ubject to subsection 4A” to s 210(4), are immaterial
for the purposes of this appeal), s 210 has remained (substantially) more or
less the same over the years.

33 As indicated by the Companies Bill 1966 (Bill 20 of 1966), s 176 of the
1967 Act was based on both s 206 of the Companies Act 1948 (c 38) (UK) and s
181 of the Companies Act 1961 of Victoria, Australia (see also Walter Woon,
_Butterworths’ Annotated Statutes of Singapore:_ _Companies and Securities_
vol 1 (Butterworths Asia, 1997 issue) (“ _Butterworths’ Annotated Statutes_ ”)
at p 588). Presently, s 210 of the Companies Act is substantially similar to s
425 of the Companies Act 1985 (c 6) (UK) (“the 1985 UK Companies Act”). (With
effect from 6 April 2008, s 895 of the Companies Act 2006 (c 46) (UK) replaced
s 425 of the 1985 UK Companies Act (“the UK s 425”): see _Boyle & Birds’
Company Law_ (John Birds _et al_ eds) (Jordans, 6th Ed, 2007) at p 819.)
Section 210 of the Companies Act is also substantively _in pari materia_ with
s 411 of the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth) (“the 2001 Australian Corporations
Act”) (see _Butterworths’ Annotated Statutes_ at p 588; see also the GD at
[21]). Given the similarities between s 210 of the Companies Act on the one
hand and the UK s 425 and s 411 of the 2001 Australian Corporations Act (“the
Australian s 411”) on the other, the English and the Australian cases on the
respective provisions are instructive.

34 Although the Australian s 411 has its origins in UK legislation (see H A J
Ford, R P Austin & I M Ramsay, _Ford’s Principles of Corporations Law_
(Butterworths, Looseleaf Ed, 1995) (“ _Ford_ ”) at vol 2, para 24.050 (June
2007 release)), the wording of this provision in its present-day form is quite
different from that of its UK counterpart; both provisions, however, provide
substantially the same mechanism for setting up a scheme of arrangement.
Section 210 of the Companies Act appears to be a _hybrid_ of both the UK and
the Australian provisions as it uses language found in both provisions. For
purposes of comparison, we set out the salient subsections of the UK s 425 and
the Australian s 411 below.

35 The UK s 425 states as follows:

**Power of company to compromise with creditors and members**

**425.—**(1) Where a compromise or [an] arrangement is proposed between a
company and its creditors, or any class of them, or between the company and
its members, or any class of them, the court may on the application of the
company or any creditor or member of it or, in the case of a company being
wound up, of the liquidator, order a meeting of the creditors or class of
creditors, or of the members of the company or class of members (as the case
may be), to be summoned in such manner as the court directs.

(2) If a majority in number representing three-fourths in value of the
creditors or class of creditors or members or class of members (as the case
may be), present and voting either in person or by proxy at the meeting, agree
to any compromise or arrangement, the compromise or arrangement, _if
sanctioned by the court, is binding on all creditors or the class of
creditors, or on the members or class of members (as the case may be), and
also on the company or, in the case of a company in the course of being wound
up, on the liquidator and contributories of the company_.

(3) The court’s order under subsection (2) has no effect until an office copy
of it has been delivered to the registrar of companies for registration; and a
copy of every such order shall be annexed to every copy of the company’s
memorandum issued after the order has been made or, in the case of a company
not having a memorandum, of every copy so issued of the instrument
constituting the company or defining its constitution.

…

(6) In this section … —

(_a_) “company” means any company liable to be wound up under this Act [_ie_ ,
the 1985 UK Companies Act], and

(_b_) “arrangement” includes a reorganisation of the company’s share capital
by the consolidation of shares of different classes or by the division of
shares into shares of different classes, or by both of those methods.

[emphasis added]

The Australian s 411 states as follows:

(1) Where a compromise or [an] arrangement is proposed between a Part 5.1 body
[Part 5.1 of the 2001 Australian Corporations Act is the part which deals with
arrangements and reconstructions] and its creditors or any class of them or
between a Part 5.1 body and its members or any class of them, the Court may,
on the application in a summary way of the body or of any creditor or member
of the body, or, in the case of a body being wound up, of the liquidator,
order a meeting or meetings of the creditors or class of creditors or of the
members of the body or class of members to be convened in such manner, and to
be held in such place or places (in this jurisdiction or elsewhere), as the
Court directs and, where the Court makes such an order, the Court may approve
the explanatory statement required by paragraph 412(1)(a) to accompany notices
of the meeting or meetings.

…

(2) The Court must not make an order pursuant to an application under
subsection (1) … unless:

(a) 14 [days’] notice of the hearing of the application, or such lesser period
of notice as the Court or the Commission [_ie_ , the Australian Securities and
Investments Commission] permits, has been given to the Commission; and

(b) the Court is satisfied that the Commission has had a reasonable
opportunity:

(i) to examine the terms of the proposed compromise or arrangement to which
the application relates and a draft explanatory statement relating to the
proposed compromise or arrangement; and

(ii) to make submissions to the Court in relation to the proposed compromise
or arrangement and the draft explanatory statement.

…

(4) _A compromise or [an] arrangement is binding on the creditors, or on a
class of creditors, or on the members, or on a class of members, as the case
may be, of the body and on the body or, if the body is in the course of being
wound up, on the liquidator and contributories of the body, if, and only if_ :

(a) at a meeting convened in accordance with an order of the Court under
subsection (1) … :

(i) in the case of a compromise or [an] arrangement between a body and its
creditors or a class of creditors – the compromise or arrangement is agreed to
by a majority in number of the creditors, or of the creditors included in that
class of creditors, present and voting, either in person or by proxy, being a
majority whose debts or claims against the company amount in the aggregate to
at least 75% of the total amount of the debts and claims of the creditors
present and voting in person or by proxy, or of the creditors included in that
class present and voting in person or by proxy, as the case may be; and

(ii) in the case of a compromise or [an] arrangement between a body and its
members or a class of members – the compromise or arrangement is agreed to by
a majority in number of the members, or of the members included in that class
of members, present and voting, either in person or by proxy, being, in the
case of a body having a share capital, a majority whose shares have nominal
values that amount, in the aggregate, to at least 75% of the total of the
nominal values of all the shares of the members present and voting in person
or by proxy, or of the members included in that class present and voting in
person or by proxy, as the case may be; and

(b) _it is approved by order of the Court_.

…

(6) _The Court may grant its approval to a compromise or [an] arrangement
subject to such alterations or conditions as it thinks just_.

…

(10) An order of the Court made for the purposes of paragraph (4)(b) does not
have any effect until an office copy of the order is lodged with the
Commission, and upon being so lodged … the order takes effect, or shall be
deemed to have taken effect, on and from the date of lodgment or such earlier
date as the Court determines and specifies in the order.

…

(17) The Court must not approve a compromise or [an] arrangement under this
section unless:

(a) it is satisfied that the compromise or arrangement has not been proposed
for the purpose of enabling any person to avoid the operation of any of the
provisions of Chapter 6 [which deals with takeovers]; or

(b) there is produced to the Court a statement in writing by the Commission
stating that the Commission has no objection to the compromise or arrangement;

but the Court need not approve a compromise or [an] arrangement merely because
a statement by the Commission stating that the Commission has no objection to
the compromise or arrangement has been produced to the Court as mentioned in
paragraph (b).

[emphasis added]

36 From the provisions cited above, it can be seen that s 210 of the Companies
Act uses the same introductory subsection (1) as that used in the UK s 425.
However, like the Australian s 411 (and contrary to the UK s 425), s 210 of
the Companies Act uses the words “ _approved_ by _order_ of the Court”
[emphasis added] (see s 210(3) of the Companies Act and s 411(4)(b) of the
2001 Australian Corporations Act) instead of “ _sanctioned_ by the court”
[emphasis added] (see s 425(2) of the 1985 UK Companies Act). Section 210 of
the Companies Act also has a subsection (_ie_ , s 210(4)) like subsection (6)
of the Australian s 411, which allows a court to grant its approval to a
compromise or scheme of arrangement “subject to such alterations or conditions
as it thinks just”. Such a provision is conspicuously missing from the body of
the UK s 425. As will be elucidated later (at [64] below), the similarities
between the wording of s 210 of the Companies Act and that of the Australian s
411, coupled with the differences in wording between these two statutory
provisions and the UK s 425, have indeed a rather profound impact on whether
the English or the Australian approach should be adopted in Singapore.

37 Having discussed the legislative history of s 210 of the Companies Act as
well as the corresponding provisions in the UK and Australia, we turn now to
consider the purpose underpinning the enactment of s 210.

_Purpose_

38 The explanatory statement in the Companies Bill 1966 as well as the
relevant parliamentary debates do not shed much light on the purpose behind
the enactment of s 176 of the 1967 Act (the predecessor of s 210 of the
Companies Act). However, the purpose behind legislative provisions on schemes
of arrangement has been extensively considered and clarified by the English
and the Australian courts. In _Re Norfolk Island And Byron Bay Whaling Co Ltd_
(1969) 90 WN (Pt 1) (NSW) 351, Street J summarised the purpose behind the then
equivalent of the Australian s 411 as follows (at 354):

_The section is intended to provide machinery (i) for overcoming the
impossibility or impracticability of obtaining the individual consent of every
member of the class intended to be bound thereby [ie, by the scheme of
arrangement], and (ii) for preventing, in appropriate circumstances, a
minority of class members frustrating a beneficial scheme_. As Younger J. said
in 1917 [in _In re Guardian Assurance Company_ [1917] 1 Ch 431 at 441] of the
corresponding English section [_viz_ , s 120 of the Companies (Consolidation)
Act 1908 (c 69) (UK)], in terms later quoted by Astbury J. in _In re Anglo-
Continental Supply Co. Ltd._ [[1922] 2 Ch 723]: “Its purpose is strictly
limited; it does not confer powers; its only effect at any time is to supply,
by recourse to the procedure thereby prescribed, the absence of that
individual agreement by every member of the class to be bound by the scheme
which would otherwise be necessary to give it validity.” [emphasis added]

39 Street J’s view has been endorsed by the learned authors of _Australian
Corporation Law: Principles and Practice_ (Butterworths, Looseleaf Ed, 1991)
(“ _Australian Corporation Law_ ”) at vol 2, para 5.1.0010 (May 2005 release),
and has been cited with approval by this court in _Daewoo_ ([26] _supra_) at
[24]. The learned authors of _Palmer’s Company Law_ (Geoffrey Morse ed) (Sweet
& Maxwell, Looseleaf Ed, 1992) (“ _Palmer_ ”) have also expressed a similar
view (at vol 2, para 12.009 (April 2007 release)) in respect of the UK s 425,
as follows:

_The aid of the section may be invoked when it is not otherwise possible to
make some arrangement or compromise which would be in the interests of [the]
company and the other party or parties to the arrangement_. It can be used
whether the company is a going concern or is in the course of winding up. …

The value of the section is even more clearly shown when creditors are
concerned. Prima facie no creditor can be bound by the agreement of the
company with the other creditors or by an agreement between the latter. _A
compromise approved by a great majority of creditors may be rendered
ineffective if a comparatively small creditor were to object and to stand out
against it. It is one of the purposes of s. 425 to meet this situation_.

[emphasis added]

40 A leading local commentary on companies law shares the same view as well
(see _Walter Woon on Company Law_ (Tan Cheng Han gen ed) (Sweet & Maxwell
Asia, 3rd Ed, 2005) (“ _Walter Woon_ ”) at para 16.2):

Section 210 [of the Companies Act (Cap 50, 1994 Rev Ed)] provides for schemes
of arrangement to be binding on creditors and members alike after the
requisite approval by the specified majority and upon confirmation by the
court. _This section obviates the need for a messy and complicated series of
negotiations with a view to obtaining the unanimous approval of the members or
creditors to a novation or assignment or other variation of their rights_. A
scheme of arrangement may be proposed where it is desired to adjust members’
or creditors’ rights _inter se_ , or to reorganize the share capital of the
company, or in the case of a group, … [with a view to] reconstruction or
merger. In particular, recourse to s 210 is often made when it [is] desired to
compromise creditors’ claims against an insolvent company. [emphasis added]

41 Bearing in mind the purpose of statutory provisions on schemes of
arrangements as outlined in the preceding paragraphs, we turn now to consider
some of the established principles in relation to such schemes.

**_Certain established principles relating to schemes of arrangement_**

42 As mentioned earlier (at [20], [25] and [29] above), in adopting the
English approach and arriving at the decision that a court had no jurisdiction
to extend the time for a creditor to file its proof of debt after the court
had approved a scheme of arrangement, the Judge took into consideration,
_inter alia_ , some of the established principles in relation to schemes of
arrangement (see the GD at [22]–[25], [33]–[36] and [38]–[40]). As such, it
would be appropriate to set out here (in a summary fashion) an overview of
these principles before going on to consider in greater depth the question of
the court’s jurisdiction to grant an extension of time for a creditor to file
its proof of debt in respect of a court-approved scheme.

43 Firstly, it is clear that a scheme of arrangement will not bind a company,
its members and its creditors until the court approves it (see s 210(3) of the
Companies Act, s 425(2) of the 1985 UK Companies Act, s 411(4)(b) of the 2001
Australian Corporations Act and _Walter Woon_ at para 16.11). The sanction of
the court is not a mere formality (see _Buckley on the Companies Acts_ (Dame
Mary Arden, Dan Prentice & Sir Thomas Stockdale gen eds) (LexisNexis UK, 15th
Ed, 2007) (“ _Buckley_ ”), vol 2 at para 425.53; _Kempe_ ([21] _supra_) at
276; and _Re British Aviation Insurance Co Ltd_ [2006] 1 BCLC 665 at [69]).
Before the court sanctions a scheme, it will have to be satisfied of three
matters (see _Palmer_ ([39] _supra_), vol 2 at paras 12.026–12.030 (July 2006
release); _Buckley_ , vol 2 at para 425.53; _Butterworths’ Annotated Statutes_
([33] _supra_) at p 591; _Walter Woon_ at paras 16.11–16.15; _Gore-Browne on
Companies_ (Alistair Alcock gen ed) (Jordans, 45th Ed, 2005) (“ _Gore-Browne_
”), vol 2 at para 46.27 (December 2004 release); _Ford_ ([34] _supra_), vol 2
at para 24.160 (June 2007 release); _Re Halley’s Departmental Store Pte_ Ltd
[1996] 2 SLR 70 at 73, [12]; _Daewoo_ ([26] _supra_) at [36]; and _Wah Yuen
Electrical Engineering Pte Ltd v Singapore Cables Manufacturers Pte Ltd_
[2003] 3 SLR 629 at [10]), namely:

(a) The court must be satisfied that the statutory provisions have been
complied with. For example, the court must be satisfied that the resolution is
passed by the requisite statutory majority at a meeting of the company’s
creditors or members (as the case may be) duly convened and held in accordance
with the court order convening the meeting.

(b) The court must be satisfied that those who attended the meeting were
fairly representative of the class of creditors or the class of members (where
applicable), and that the statutory majority did not coerce the minority in
order to promote interests adverse to those of the class whom the statutory
majority purported to represent.

(c) The court must be satisfied that the scheme is one which a man of business
or an intelligent and honest man, being a member of the class concerned and
acting in respect of his interest, would reasonably approve.

In respect of the last of the requirements just mentioned, the learned authors
of _Palmer_ provide a concise summary (at vol 2, para 12.030 (July 2006
release)) of how the court assesses whether the proposed scheme is one which
an intelligent and honest member of the class concerned would reasonably
approve:

In exercising its discretion whether or not to sanction a scheme, the court
traditionally, as we have seen, has stressed that _its function does not
extend to usurping the view of the members or creditors._ … That approach has
never meant, however, that, provided that the resolutions are duly passed, and
that there is no coercion of a minority by a majority the court is bound to
confirm the scheme and has no discretion. _The court is not a mere rubber
stamp._ … _It will look at the scheme to see that it is a reasonable one: if
it concludes that there is “such an objection to [the scheme] as that any
reasonable man might say that he could not approve it”_ [_per_ Lindley LJ in
_In re Alabama, New Orleans, Texas, and Pacific Junction Ry. Co._ [1891] 1 Ch
213 at 239]_, then the court may refuse to confirm the scheme_. The issue is
often whether the scheme strikes a balance between the various interests
involved which could be reasonably approved by the meetings. …

_The court will, however, in cases where the minority object, be strongly
influenced by a big majority vote, for, provided that the scheme is fair and
equitable, the court will not itself judge upon the commercial merits [of the
scheme], which is the function of the class itself. The court in such cases
will be slo_ _w to differ from the conclusion of the majority_.

[emphasis added]

The discretion of the court as to whether or not it should sanction a scheme
is important since, once the scheme has been sanctioned, it binds all parties,
even the dissentients (see _Buckley_ , vol 2 at para 425.53). In addition, we
would add that, in Singapore, the court has the discretion pursuant to s
210(4) of the Companies Act to grant its approval “subject to such alterations
or conditions as it thinks just” (in Australia, a similar discretion exists
under s 411(6) of the 2001 Australian Corporations Act). This is a broad
discretion that allows the court to modify a scheme, circumscribed only by
what it deems just. One would imagine, however, that if the court proposes to
make an amendment or a modification that would result in a substantive rather
than, say, a procedural change, the court would in all likelihood refer the
proposed change back to the scheme manager and the company’s creditors or
members for further consideration.

44 Secondly, once the court gives its approval to a scheme, the scheme is
binding on all the parties to the scheme (see also [43] above), and the scheme
_cannot_ _afterwards be_ _altered_ , even if the shareholders and the
creditors of the company acquiesce in the alteration (see _Palmer_ , vol 2 at
para 12.032 (December 2006 release); _Buckley_ , vol 2 at para 425.63; _Gore-
Browne_ , vol 2 at para 46.30 (June 2005 release); _Srimati Premila Devi v
Peoples Bank of Northern India, Ltd_ [1938] 4 All ER 337 (“ _Devi_ ”);
_Eltraco International Pte Ltd v Sennet Electrical Engineering Pte Ltd_ [2003]
SGHC 40 (“ _Eltraco_ ”); and _Chew Eu Hock Construction Co Pte Ltd v Central
Provident Fund Board_ [2003] 4 SLR 137 (“ _Chew Eu Hock_ ”)). The binding
nature of the court’s sanction is so wide-reaching that if the court sanctions
a scheme which is beyond the capacity of the company or in conflict with other
statutory provisions, the scheme is nonetheless still binding on the parties,
notwithstanding that it is _ultra vires_ the objects of the company (see
_British and Commonwealth Holdings plc v Barclays Bank plc_ [1996] 1 All ER
381 (“ _British and Commonwealth Holdings plc_ ”)). However, it should be
noted that the effect of the _ultra vires_ doctrine has been much diminished
in Singapore because of ss 23(1) and 25(1) of the Companies Act (see _Walter
Woon_ ([40] _supra_) at para 3.76, as well as _Bee See & Tay v Ong Hun Seang_
[1997] 2 SLR 193, where this court held (at [61]) that “s 25 [of the Companies
Act (Cap 50, 1994 Rev Ed) was] so clear that there [was] no answer” to the
vendors’ argument in that case that the company in question could not rely on
its lack of capacity to take a transfer of property to invalidate the
transfers).

45 Nevertheless, the court retains an inherent jurisdiction to amend or set
aside a scheme in limited circumstances, for instance, if consent to the
scheme was obtained by fraud (_Fletcher v Royal Automobile Club Ltd_ [2000] 1
BCLC 331) or where there are obvious mistakes in the documents setting out the
scheme (_Kempe_ ([21] _supra_) at 276). It is also possible for a subsisting
scheme of arrangement to be amended by another scheme approved by the court
(see _Re Elliott’s MF Services Pty Ltd_ [1965] VR 756; _Re Application of
Gasweld Pty Ltd_ (1986) 5 NSWLR 494; and _Re Challenger Group Holdings Ltd_
(2003) 48 ACSR 498).

46 Thirdly, in line with the first two principles stated above, a creditor or
member “should raise his objections at the hearing for court sanction and not
any later” (see _Walter Woon_ at para 16.18; see also _Eltraco_ and _Chew Eu
Hock_). As explained in _Chew Eu Hock_ , the rationale for this principle is
that any late objections after a scheme of arrangement has been approved by
the court would be “ _unfair_ , _unreasonable_ and _prejudicial_ ” [emphasis
added] (at [26]) to the other parties to the scheme, and (more importantly)
there is a need to ensure that there is _certainty_ as to the validity of a
court-approved scheme:

26 A consideration which I took into account was the defendants’ failure to
attend the creditors’ meeting and voice the objections which they now seek to
raise in Ng’s affidavit. As was rightly pointed out by counsel for the JM
[judicial manager], the defendants raised their objections _far too late_ (on
17 December 2002), well after the order sanctioning the scheme had been
obtained and lodged with the Registry of Companies pursuant to s 210(5) of the
Companies Act [Cap 50, 1994 Rev Ed]. _To accept the defendants’ objections at
such a late stage would be unfair, unreasonable and prejudicial to the JM, the
new investor (Hiap Hoe) of the Company and to other creditors_ _alike._ …

…

29 In the Australian decision of _Chief Commissioner of Pay-Roll Tax v Group
Four Industries Pty Ltd_ (1984) 8 ACLR 973 the plaintiff sought a declaration
that he was not bound by the scheme of arrangement reached between the
defendant company with certain of its creditors (and approved by the court
under s 315(4)(b) of the Companies (NSW) Code), by virtue of his having
statutory priority in a liquidation. McLelland J at 976 refused the
application and held that the Commissioner was bound as:

otherwise, _despite approval by the court there could never be any certainty
that a compromise or [an] arrangement was legally operative_ , and it might
remain open to collateral challenge indefinitely on grounds not susceptible to
ready discovery or investigation.

Consequently, McLelland J held that once the court made an order under s
315(4)(b) approving a compromise or [an] arrangement and an office copy had
been lodged with the Commission pursuant to s 315(12), the compromise or
arrangement was binding, notwithstanding any defect or irregularity that
[might] have occurred in the steps leading up to the making of the order. The
judge further endorsed the comments of Hart J in _Frick Australia Pty Ltd v
Pen Pak Ocean Products Pty Ltd_ [1971] Qd R 286 that

“the public would never be safe in treating a scheme as valid and great
inconvenience would result to companies, to creditors, to shareholders and to
the community”

if a court accepts the contention of a party that he is not bound by a scheme
of arrangement approved by the court, on the ground that there had been no
separate meeting of a distinct class of creditors to which he claimed to
belong.

[emphasis added]

47 With these established principles in mind, we turn now to address the
question of the court’s jurisdiction to extend the time for a creditor to file
its proof of debt _after_ the court has approved a scheme of arrangement. We
will consider, first, the position under the Rules of Court. This will entail
a review of the conflicting English and Australian approaches, as well as a
consideration of the nature of schemes of arrangement.

**_Whether the court has jurisdiction under the Rules of Court to extend the
time for filing proofs of debt_**

_The English approach_

48 It appears that the question of extension of time in the context of court-
approved schemes has, to date, not arisen squarely in England. However, the
Privy Council in _Kempe_ ([21] _supra_), which concerned an appeal from
Bermuda, considered the question in relation to a scheme of arrangement which
had been approved by the Bermudian court under a similar statutory framework,
namely, s 99 of Bermuda’s Companies Act 1981 (which is _in_ _pari materia_
with the UK s 425). Clause 2.3.1 of the scheme in _Kempe_ imposed a 21-day
time limit for a creditor to apply to the court to reverse or vary any
assessment by the liquidators of its claims. One of the creditors
(“Ambassador”) filed a notice of claim, the bulk of which was rejected by the
liquidators. As a result of an administrative lapse, Ambassador failed to file
a summons challenging the liquidators’ decision within 21 days. It then sought
an order that the time limit be extended (although _Kempe_ concerned an
extension of time for a creditor to file an appeal against a rejection of its
claim as opposed to an extension of time for a creditor to file its claim (or
proof of debt), the same principles should apply in both scenarios). The Court
of Appeal of Bermuda granted Ambassador the extension of time sought. On
appeal by the liquidators, the Privy Council reversed the Bermudian Court of
Appeal’s decision. Lord Hoffmann, delivering the judgment of the Privy
Council, considered the nature of a scheme of arrangement before reaching the
decision that a court had no jurisdiction to grant an extension of time. As
the Judge’s decision in the present case centred on the holding in _Kempe_ ,
we reproduce below the relevant extracts from Lord Hoffmann’s judgment at
275–276:

[T]he … question is whether it [the time limit laid down in cl 2.3.1 of the
scheme] has been “fixed by any order of the court.” On the answer to this
question depends … whether [the court] has inherent jurisdiction to [extend
time], … [which is] as Lord Denning M.R. said in _Reg. v. Bloomsbury and
Marylebone County Court, Ex parte Villerwest Ltd_. [1976] 1 W.L.R. 362, 365, a
power “to enlarge any time which a judge has ordered.” Is the period of 21
days in clause 2.3.1 a time which was ordered by the Chief Justice [of
Bermuda] when he approved the scheme? In the [Bermudian] Court of Appeal,
Kempster J.A. thought that it was. He said that the clauses of the scheme
would have been “without effect” but for the order of the Chief Justice giving
the sanction of the court on 23 March 1993 and the subsequent delivery of that
order to the registrar. Although the case was not cited to him, his view has
the support of the decision of the Supreme Court of Western Australia in
_Caratti v. Hillman_ [1974] W.A.R. 92. Jackson C.J. said, at p. 94, that the
scheme was “an integral part of the court’s order” and Burt J. said, at p. 95,
that “the rights [under the scheme] are ... in my opinion created by the order
and the procedure whereby those rights are to be established or ascertained is
a procedure which is also created by the order.” Accordingly, the court could
extend any period prescribed by the scheme under its power to extend periods
fixed by its orders. The case has since been followed at first instance in
Australia and in _Bond Corporation Holdings Ltd. v. State of Western Australia
(No. 2)_ (1992) 7 W.A.R. 61, 68 Anderson J. said its reasoning was that “once
the order is made, it is the order, ‘speaking in terms of the scheme’ [_per_
Burt J. in _Caratti v. Hillman_ at p. 95] that has effect, not the resolution
of the creditors and not the statute.”

_Their Lordships respectfully disagree_. It is true that the sanction of the
court is necessary for the scheme to become binding and that it takes effect
when the order expressing that sanction is delivered to the registrar. _But
this is not enough to enable one to say that the court (rather than the
liquidators who proposed the scheme or the creditors who agreed to it) has by
its order made the scheme. It is rather like saying that because royal assent
is required for an Act of Parliament, a statute is an expression of the royal
will_. Under section 99 [of the Bermudian Companies Act] it is for the
liquidators to propose the scheme, for the creditors by the necessary majority
to agree to it and for the court to sanction it. _It is the statute which
gives binding force to the scheme when there has been a combination of these
three acts, just as the rules of the constitution give validity to [A]cts duly
passed by the Queen in Parliament_ : see _In re Garner’s Motors Ltd_. [1937]
Ch. 594, 598–599 and _Devi v. People’s Bank of Northern India Ltd_. [1938] 4
All E.R. 337, 343.

[emphasis added]

Having held that a scheme of arrangement derived its efficacy from the statute
and not from the court order sanctioning the scheme, Lord Hoffmann went on to
hold (at 276) that it was not open to a court to extend the time limits laid
down in a scheme as this would be a _material alteration_ that would detract
from certainty and expedition, which were the chief objects of any scheme:

It is of course true that the sanction of the court is by no means a
formality. Furthermore, in giving its sanction, the court has an inherent
jurisdiction to correct any obvious mistakes in the document which sets out
the scheme. _But it cannot alter the substance of the scheme and impose upon
the creditors an arrangement to which they did not agree. The question of
whether the time limits in the scheme are fixed or flexible is in their
Lordship’s opinion one of substance_. Mr. Crystal [counsel for Ambassador]
accepts that if there is jurisdiction to enlarge the period for filing an
appeal against the rejection of a claim, there must also have been
jurisdiction to extend the final filing deadline for filing the original
claims. But their Lordships think that _this would have been a material
alteration, detracting from the certainty and expedition which were the chief
objects of the scheme. If creditors felt that in providing fixed time limits
the scheme was creating traps into which the unwary might fall, the time to
raise this question was when the scheme was under consideration or by way of
objection when the court was asked to give its sanction_.

[emphasis added]

49 It will be noted, from the first of the two passages cited at [48] above,
that Lord Hoffmann relied on the cases of _In re Garner’s Motors, Limited_
[1937] Ch 594 (“ _Re Garner’s Motors_ ”) and _Devi_ ([44] _supra_) in support
of the holding that a scheme of arrangement derived its efficacy from the
statute. In _Re Garner’s Motors_ , the question before the court was whether a
scheme of arrangement entered into between a creditor and one of its joint and
several debtors would discharge the liability of the other joint and several
debtor. In answering the question in the negative, Crossman J considered the
effect of the court’s sanction of a scheme of arrangement at 598–599 (in a
passage which was subsequently cited by Lord Hoffmann in _Kempe_ at 276), as
follows:

_In my judgment the effect of s. 153 of the Companies Act, 1929_ [(c 23)
(UK)]_, is to give to a scheme when sanctioned by the Court under the section
a statutory operation_. The scheme when sanctioned by the Court becomes
something quite different from a mere agreement signed by the parties. _It
becomes a statutory scheme_. In my judgment, therefore, the discharge of
Sentinel Waggon Works, Ld. [the debtor which entered into the scheme of
arrangement], from the debt to Temple Press, Ld. [the creditor], which was
effected under clause 15 of the scheme sanctioned by the Court on March 23,
1936, did not have the effect of discharging Garner’s Motors, Ld. [the other
joint and several debtor of the creditor], from its liability in respect of
the debt. It is settled law that a discharge of one of several judgment-
debtors by operation of law does not release the other debtors. _But in my
judgment the effect of s. 153 of the Companies Act, 1929, is to give a scheme
when sanctioned by the Court a statutory operation_. [emphasis added]

50 In _Devi_ , the directors of an Indian bank (“the bank”) purported to
forfeit the appellants’ shares in the bank by reason of the appellants’ non-
payment upon the bank’s calls on these shares. The calls on the shares had
been made via a resolution that was passed in complete ignorance of the terms
of an amended scheme of arrangement that had been approved by the court. The
bank contended on appeal that the forfeitures had subsequently been ratified
by the whole body of its creditors and shareholders. The Privy Council held
that the forfeitures were _ultra vires_ the bank as a court-approved scheme
could not be amended or departed from by the mere acquiescence of the
company’s shareholders and creditors. The Privy Council held (_per_ Lord
Romer) at 343, in a passage which was subsequently relied upon by Lord
Hoffmann in _Kempe_ (at 276), as follows:

_Upon confirmation by the court of the amended scheme of arrangement, that
scheme became, by virtue of sect. 153 of the Indian Companies Act, binding
upon the creditors, the shareholders and the bank alike. Its terms could
thereafter only be varied by order of the court after the variation had been
approved at meetings of the creditors and shareholders_. It was not,
therefore, possible for the bank or its directors or shareholders, whether by
resolution or ratification or otherwise, to alter the dates fixed by cl. 6 of
the scheme for payment of the 20 per cent. called up in Mar., 1932, or the 5
per cent. called up on Jan. 18, 1933. [emphasis added]

In contrast to Crossman J’s judgment in _Re Garner’s Motors_ (see the passage
quoted at [49] above), it would appear that the above passage in _Devi_ does
not quite support Lord Hoffmann’s holding in _Kempe_ that a scheme of
arrangement derives its efficacy from the statute, although it emphasises the
corollary point that a court-approved scheme is binding on all parties to the
scheme. However, we note that in an English work published before the decision
of the Privy Council in _Kempe_ (namely, David Brown, _Corporate Rescue:
Insolvency Law in Practice_ (John Wiley & Sons, 1996)), the learned author
cited (at para 18.54) the two cases of _Re Garner’s Motors_ and _Devi_ as
authority for the proposition that the effect of the court’s approval of a
scheme of arrangement was as follows:

_The scheme, founded originally in contract, becomes statutory_ and thus
cannot be altered by contractual agreement, other than by a supplemental
scheme sanctioned by the court. [emphasis added]

51 As mentioned at [48] above, it appears that, to date, the question of the
court’s jurisdiction to extend the time for filing proofs of debt in respect
of a court-approved scheme has not directly arisen for consideration in
England whether before or after the Privy Council’s decision in _Kempe_.
_Kempe_ has, however, been followed by the Hong Kong courts in two cases,
_viz_ , _Re Universal Dockyard Ltd_ [2003] 3 HKEC 893 and _Re UDL Holdings
Ltd_ [2006] 3 HKLRD 84. In both cases, the Hong Kong High Court simply
unquestioningly accepted the holding in _Kempe_ as correct, and no (or little)
comments were made in relation to Lord Hoffmann’s judgment (see _Re Universal
Dockyard Ltd_ at [20] and _Re UDL Holdings Ltd_ at [58]).

52 _Kempe_ is also cited by the learned authors of _Buckley_ ([43] _supra_)
for the following proposition (at vol 2, para 425.64):

A scheme does not operate as an agreement between the parties affected but _it
has binding force by virtue of statute_ once an application to the court has
been made and the consent of the relevant parties and the sanction of the
court [have] been obtained. [emphasis added]

_Kempe_ is likewise cited by the learned authors of _Gore-Browne_ ([43]
_supra_) for a similar proposition (at vol 2, para 46.30 (June 2005 release)):

It has been held that, although a scheme of arrangement requires the court’s
approval, it is not made solely by reason of the court’s order. It comes into
effect as a result of the application to the court by the appropriate persons,
approval by the court and the court order. _It is not proper to say that it is
solely the order that makes the scheme_. [emphasis added]

_The Australian approach_

53 Contrary to the approach taken by the Privy Council in _Kempe_ ([21]
_supra_), the Australian courts have consistently taken the position that once
a scheme of arrangement is approved by the court, it becomes an order of
court, and thus, the statutory provisions on civil procedure (the Rules of
Court, in our local context) permit the court to grant an extension of time
for, _inter alia_ , a creditor to file its proof of debt.

54 A good starting point is the decision of the Supreme Court of Western
Australia in _Caratti v Hillman_ [1974] WAR 92 (“ _Caratti_ ”), which was
rejected by the Privy Council in _Kempe_ at 276 (see the first of the two
passages from Lord Hoffmann’s judgment reproduced at [48] above). In _Caratti_
, cl 9(e) of a court-approved scheme provided that any creditor whose claim
was rejected by the scheme manager had 14 days to commence legal proceedings,
failing which the creditor “shall be forever barred from bringing any such
proceedings”. The scheme manager sent letters to three creditors informing
them that their claims were not admitted, and these letters, together with the
relevant documents, were subsequently forwarded by the creditors to their
solicitors. The letters and documents were, unfortunately, mislaid in the
solicitors’ office, and by the time they were discovered, the 14-day time
limit laid down in cl 9(e) of the scheme for commencing legal proceedings had
expired. On appeal to the Supreme Court of Western Australia, the lower
court’s refusal to grant the three creditors an extension of time to commence
legal proceedings was reversed and an extension of time granted. Jackson CJ
held at 93–94:

… I have reached the conclusion, in agreement with the other members of this
court, that _we have power to extend the time under O. 3, r. 5 of the Supreme
Court Rules_ [the Western Australian equivalent of O 3 r 4 of the Rules of
Court] which are made applicable to proceedings under the Companies Act by r.
4 of the Supreme Court (Companies) Rules 1963. …

_[I]n my view, the approved scheme is an integral part of the court’s order
[such] that the time fixed by cl. 9(e) of the scheme is a period within which
“a person is … authorized” by that order “to do any act in any proceedings”,
to quote the words of O. 3, r. 5(1) of the Supreme Court Rules_. The
“proceedings” for this purpose are those commenced on 15 November 1971, by the
summons numbered 43 of 1971 [_ie_ , the application by which the court’s
sanction of the scheme of arrangement was sought], under s. 181 of the
[Companies] Act for an order convening a meeting of creditors, and those
proceedings are not concluded, in my opinion, by the order approving the
scheme, but remain on foot for the purpose of enabling the court to supervise
the acts and decisions of the scheme manager under cl. 18 of the scheme.

[emphasis added]

Similarly, Burt J stated at 94–95:

_In my opinion this Court has power to extend the time within which those
proceedings can be brought_ and … the effect of such an extension if granted
is to defer the time at which “the claimant shall be forever barred …” [from
bringing legal proceedings].

…

Order 3, r. 5 of the Rules of the Supreme Court is a rule which by r. 4 of the
Supreme Court (Companies) Rules 1963 applies to proceedings to which those
rules relate and hence applies to proceedings being an application for an
order that a compromise or [an] arrangement under s. 181 of the [Companies]
Act be approved by the Court. … _If such an order is made, the scheme so
approved being in the terms of this scheme, the release and discharge of the
debts is effected not by the resolution of the creditors agreeing to the
compromise but by the order and upon the order taking effect_ : _Hill v.
Anderson Meat Industries Ltd.,_ [1971] 1 N.S.W.L.R. 868, at p. 877, per
Street, J. _And the rights which are given in substitution for the debts so
released are likewise in my opinion created by the order and the procedure
whereby those rights are to be established or ascertained is a procedure which
is also created by the order_. _The order speaking in the terms of the scheme
then can be seen to fix a period within which a scheme creditor is authorized
to lodge his claims or, in the terms of O. 3, r. 5 the order fixes the period
within which a person is “authorized … to do any act in any proceedings” the
relevant proceeding being a working out of the order, i.e., the scheme_. And
if an order extending the time within which a claimant may take legal
proceedings to establish his debt is made then, as it seems to me, the claim
of the rejected claimant is not barred until that extended time has expired.

[emphasis added]

55 _Caratti_ was subsequently followed by the Supreme Court of New South Wales
in _Re AGL Gas Networks Ltd_ (2001) 37 ACSR 441 (“ _Re AGL Gas Networks_ ”),
where Santow J elaborated further on the Australian approach and carefully
explained why the approach in _Kempe_ should not be followed. It would be
helpful to set out here, in full, his reasons (see _Re AGL Gas Networks_ at
[46]–[47]):

46 …

…

(b) **_In Australia, [the] authorities_** [namely, _Hill v Anderson Meat
Industries Ltd_ [1971] 1 NSWLR 868, _Caratti_ and _Bond Corp Holdings Ltd v
Western Australia_ (1992) 7 ACSR 472] **_establish that an approved scheme
does indeed derive its force from the court order, [and] not from the
antecedent resolutions of members and creditors._** In this respect Street J
found (at 877) in _Hill v Anderson Meat Industries Ltd_ in relation to a
creditors [_sic_] scheme:

“The approval by the court of the scheme amounts to a discharge of the debtor
company’s liability by operation of law. The discharge is effected by the
court order and not by the events antecedent thereto, albeit that these
antecedent events are indispensable statutory prerequisites of the court’s
jurisdiction to make an order approving a scheme and thus rendering it binding
on the company and on the creditors.”

(c) The effect of these cases is that, once approved, there is no “scheme”
separate from the order of the court. Rather, any “scheme” in the sense of the
proposal decided at the relevant meetings is subsumed into and by the order of
the court.

(d) In _Re Matine Ltd_ (1998) 28 ACSR 268, the above authorities were
considered by me and their apparent conflict with the Privy Council decision
in _Kempe_ … noted. While it was unnecessary for me to decide that issue for
the purpose of that case, I did indicate a tentative view that I would prefer
to follow the Australian cases were it necessary.

(e) Unless satisfied that the Australian decisions to which I have referred
are plainly wrong, I should, especially in national legislation, follow them
as a matter of comity: _Australian Securities Commission v Marlborough Gold
Mines Ltd_ (1993) 177 CLR 485; 112 ALR 627.

(f) **_With respect, I do not find the reasoning in Kempe’s case compels me to
a different conclusion. Their Lordships proceed[ed] on the assumption that a
scheme does not derive its efficacy from the order of a court. Rather a scheme
is given binding force by a statute which operates on a number of
ingredients_** (in the case of a scheme, a scheme put forward by the scheme
proponent, the necessary majorities of members or creditors and the sanction
of the court). **_Taken to its logical conclusion, that reasoning would
produce incongruous consequences. Take, for example, the jurisdiction of a
court which is conferred by statute. The fact that the jurisdiction is
conferred by statute does not make any decisions of the court under the
statutory jurisdiction any less orders of the court deriving their efficacy
from being made_**. The statute may be an indispensable statutory prerequisite
to the [court’s] jurisdiction. But it is, in causative terms, a “background”
fact behind that efficacy, part of the “res inter alios acta”. It is like
saying that the birth of Lee Harvey Oswald “caused” the death of President
Kennedy.

(g) The fact that their Lordships [in _Kempe_] were proceeding from what may
be **_attackable reasoning_** does not necessarily mean that their conclusion
is wrong. **_However, an analysis of the facts of Kempe’s case indicate[s]
that the reasoning is indeed vulnerable_**. The scheme considered in _Kempe’s_
case allowed a dissatisfied scheme creditor to apply to the court for an order
reversing or varying certain decisions of _the_ _liquidators_. Their Lordships
proceeded on the basis that there was nothing untoward in this. **_However,
their Lordships [did] not indicate where the court obtains jurisdiction to
exercise the functions conferred. If schemes generally operate as an order of
the court, jurisdiction is inherent. On the other hand, if schemes only
operate by virtue of the relevant statute then the court would have no
jurisdiction as the statute only refers to a compromise or [an] arrangement
between a company and its creditors (or between a company and its members)_**.

47 …

…

(d) Once one accepts that the scheme operates by virtue of the court order,
then it is clear that the failure [of the plaintiff company in _Re AGL Gas
Networks_] to obtain the approval within time was a failure to comply with a
time specified in a court order.

…

(f) Accordingly, I am satisfied that it is open for me to exercise my
discretion pursuant to Pt 2 r 3 [of the] Supreme Court Rules [the New South
Wales equivalent of O 3 r 4(1) of the Rules of Court] and amend order 1 of the
orders made on 6 June 1994 so as to allow the plaintiff until 10 minutes after
midnight on 30 June 1994 to satisfy the conditions precedent to the scheme.

(g) **_In making any such order, it was submitted that I would not be amending
the scheme as such as it would not involve a change to any substantive
provision of the scheme_**. Rather I would be extending the time in which an
act required to be done under the _order_ can be done, that order embodying
the scheme and itself intrinsically capable of variation. While that
conclusion is not beyond doubt, I am prepared to adopt it in making the
various orders as I have done. In particular I do not consider the earlier
cited Australian cases “plainly wrong” and will follow them as the basis for
these orders, in preference to _Kempe_. It may be that at some future time,
and with an effective contradictor, their reasoning may need to be further
tested either at trial or appellate level.

[emphasis added in bold italics]

56 More recently, _Caratti_ was followed in _Ray Brooks Pty Ltd v New South
Wales Grains Board (No 2)_ (2002) 43 ACSR 657 (“ _Ray Brooks Pty Ltd_ ”).
However, as rightly pointed out by Mr Ashok Kumar, counsel for Reliance, it
appears that Austin J in the latter case preferred the approach in _Kempe_
([21] _supra_), but followed _Caratti_ as a matter of precedent. This can be
seen from the following passage in _Ray Brooks Pty Ltd_ (at [88]–[90]):

The issue was addressed, admittedly in a different context, in _Caratti v
Hillman_ [1974] WAR 92; (1973) 4 ACLR 170. _In that case the Full Court of the
Supreme Court of Western Australia took the view that the procedure leading to
the extinguishment of rights of creditors under a scheme of arrangement under
companies legislation was a procedure created by order of the court_. The
order approving the scheme of arrangement fixed the period within which a
creditor was authorised to lodge a claim under the scheme. _Therefore the
order of the court approving the scheme was an order fixing the period within
which a person was authorised to do an act, for the purposes of the rule of
court comparable with Pt 4, r 4_ [of the Supreme Court Rules (NSW), which is
_in pari materia_ with O 3 r 4 of the Rules of Court]_. Consequently the rule
of court was available to permit the court to extend the period for lodgment
of claims by creditors_.

That reasoning has been accepted by later Australian cases on several
occasions: _Re Terri Co Pty Ltd_ (1987) 12 ACLR 457; _Bond Corp Holdings Ltd v
Western Australia (No 2)_ (1992) 7 WAR 61; 7 ACSR 472; _Re Matine Ltd_ (1998)
28 ACSR 268. However, it is inconsistent with the reasoning of the Privy
Council in _Kempe_ …

_The reasoning of Lord Hoffmann [in Kempe] is highly persuasive. However, the
approach taken in Caratti was the approach of an intermediate appellate court
in Australia. According to the High Court in Australian Securities Commission
v Marlborough Gold Mines Ltd (1993) 177 CLR 485; 112 ALR 627; 10 ACSR 230, a
judge at first instance in this country should not depart from the
interpretation of companies legislation adopted by an Australian intermediate
appellate court_. Moreover, the _Caratti_ decision has stood since 1973 and
has been followed, as I have said, on several occasions. I note, in
particular, that although Santow J found it unnecessary to choose between
_Caratti_ and _Kempe_ in _Re Matine_ , he expressed the view (at 286) that he
would follow the Australian cases were [it] necessary to do so. _As a matter
of precedent, therefore, I shall follow the reasoning in Caratti in preference
to the reasoning in Kempe_.

[emphasis added]

57 We also note with some interest that an approach not unlike that taken in
_Carrati_ was adopted by the Bermudian Court of Appeal in _Ambassador
Insurance Company v Charles W Kempe and Nigel Hamilton_ Civil Appeal No 13 of
1995 (14 March 1996) (unreported) (whose decision was, however, reversed in
_Kempe_ on further appeal to the Privy Council), where it was held that a
scheme of arrangement derived its efficacy from the court order sanctioning
that scheme:

Though the Scheme makes no provision for extension of [the] time [period]
within which to appeal against the rejection of a claim in the liquidation
_its clauses would be without effect but for the delivery to the Registrar of
the Order of the Chief Justice made on 23 March 1993_ [_ie_ , the court order
sanctioning the scheme] as subsection (3) of section 99 of the [Bermudian
Companies] Act makes clear. … Section 157 of the Companies Winding-up Rules,
which is applicable under clause 8.1.1 [of the scheme of arrangement] and
allows the Court to extend “the time … fixed by _any order of the Court_ for
doing any act”, may therefore be invoked by Ambassador … to extend any time
limits which a judge has ordered whether or not a creditor’s rights have
notionally been extinguished. [emphasis added]

_Which approach should prevail in Singapore?_

58 Before giving our reasons as to why we preferred the Australian approach,
we first need to address Reliance’s submission (see [26] above) that “[t]he
Singapore Court of Appeal ha[d] _affirmed_ that a scheme of arrangement [was]
a _statutory contract_ entered into between the company and scheme
creditors”[note: 6] [emphasis added] in _Daewoo_ ([26] _supra_). If Reliance’s
submission is correct, it would mean that the question of the nature of a
scheme of arrangement (and the related question of the court’s jurisdiction to
extend the time for a creditor to file its proof of debt where the court has
already approved the scheme) has already been decided in Singapore. The
passage relied on by Reliance for its submission is to be found at [24] of
_Daewoo_ (_per_ Yong Pung How CJ):

It is trite law that, where a scheme of arrangement or compromise … is
approved by _all_ the creditors of the company, it is binding on the company
as well as its creditors. In such a case, there is no need on the part of the
company to invoke s 210 of the Companies Act [Cap 50, 1994 Rev Ed]. _The
scheme is wholly a contractual scheme_. Where, as is usually the case, it is
not practical or practicable to secure the unanimous agreement of all the
creditors, s 210 is invoked. And when s 210 is invoked, and the scheme is
approved by the requisite majority of the creditors and the court, the scheme
becomes binding on all the creditors or the class of creditors (as the case
may be). That is provided in s 210(3) of the Act. **_The binding effect of the
scheme is given by the court order approving the scheme_**. As Street J said
in _Re Norfolk Island and Byron Bay Whaling Co_ (1969) 90 WN (Pt 1) (NSW) 351
at 354 with reference to s 181 of the Companies Act 1961 of the State of New
South Wales (which is the equivalent of our s 210), the section is intended to
provide a machinery (1) for overcoming the impossibility or impracticability
of obtaining the individual consent of every member of the class intended to
be bound thereby, and (2) for preventing, in appropriate circumstances, a
minority of class members [from] frustrating a beneficial scheme. [emphasis
added in italics and bold italics]

59 With respect, we do not see how the above passage could even begin to
remotely support Reliance’s submission. If anything, Yong CJ went only as far
as to say that a scheme of arrangement, when approved by all the creditors of
the company, was a “contractual scheme” (_Daewoo_ at [24]); he did not
describe such a scheme as, to use Reliance’s words, a “statutory contract”. In
fact, the words in bold italics in the quotation from _Daewoo_ (at [58] above)
would appear to support the _Australian_ position that a scheme of arrangement
derives its efficacy from the _court order_ approving that scheme. We note
that the Judge, in arriving at her decision that the English approach was more
persuasive, appeared to have found some penumbral encouragement in Yong CJ’s
comments in _Daewoo_ (see the GD at [30]), but she certainly did not go as far
as to say that _Daewoo_ _decided_ that a scheme of arrangement was in the
nature of a statutory contract. If the Judge had regarded _Daewoo_ as laying
down such a legal principle, there would have been no need for her to
elaborate (at length) on her reasons for adopting the English approach. As
such, we rejected Reliance’s submission on what this court held in _Daewoo
vis-à-vis_ the nature of a scheme of arrangement.

60 We note, however, that in _Eltraco_ ([44] _supra_), a High Court decision
concerning the scope and the operation of a scheme of arrangement, MPH Rubin J
held at [23] that the effect of a court-approved scheme was as follows:

The effects of a court-sanctioned scheme of arrangement came up for discussion
in New South Wales in _Hill v Anderson Meat Industries Ltd_ [1971] 1 NSWLR 868
as well as before the Singapore Court of Appeal in _Daewoo_ ... _Both Street J
in Hill v Anderson and Yong Pung How CJ in Daewoo reaffirmed the view that a
scheme of arrangement duly passed and sanctioned by the court inherited
a**statutory effect** upon the relationship between the debtor company and its
creditors_. [emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

The above passage may plausibly be read as suggesting that a scheme of
arrangement derives its efficacy from the statute (which is the English
position). However, as clarified at [59] above, the decision in _Daewoo_
certainly does not stand for this proposition. As for the New South Wales case
of _Hill v Anderson Meat Industries Ltd_ [1971] 1 NSWLR 868, that case was, in
fact, relied on by Burt J in _Caratti_ ([54] _supra_) at 95 and by Santow J in
_Re AGL Gas Networks_ ([55] _supra_) at [46] for the contrary (Australian)
position that a scheme of arrangement derives its efficacy from the court
order approving the scheme. One should, therefore, be slow to read _Eltraco_
as _correctly_ supporting the proposition (and also the English position) that
a scheme of arrangement derives its efficacy from the statute and operates as
a statutory contract.

61 We noted earlier (at [25] above) that the Judge justified her preference
for the English approach on the basis that the purpose of s 210 of the
Companies Act, the established principles relating to schemes of arrangement
and the overarching need for clarity, certainty and finality in this area of
the law cumulatively supported the position in _Kempe_ ([21] _supra_).
Nevertheless, we are of the view that the Australian approach is also
consistent with these established principles. Adopting the Australian approach
does not necessarily mean that clarity, certainty and finality would be
sacrificed on the altar of expediency or that the objectives of s 210 can no
longer be properly achieved. Between the English and the Australian
approaches, we are not entirely comfortable with the former approach, which,
with respect, appears to be unnecessarily strict and mechanical, leading
perhaps to potentially unjust consequences in some instances. We now elaborate
on the reasons for our decision.

62 The English approach will invariably mean that once the court has approved
a scheme of arrangement, it no longer has jurisdiction to grant an extension
of time for a creditor to file its proof of debts in respect of that scheme
_regardless_ of the circumstances, save in cases of “ _obvious mistakes_ in
the document which sets out the scheme” [emphasis added] (_Kempe_ at 276 (see
the second of the two passages reproduced at [48] above)) or where consent to
the scheme was obtained by fraud (see the GD at [38], citing _Fletcher v Royal
Automobile Club Ltd_ ([45] _supra_)). This seems intuitively restrictive as it
is not difficult to envisage a situation, such as that in _Caratti_ ([54]
_supra_) or in the other Australian cases cited at [55]–[56] above (we will
elaborate on the factual matrices of those cases below at [71]–[78]), where
the failure to file a claim in time is not in any way attributable to the
fault of the creditor and where allowing the creditor an extension of time to
file its claim does not prejudice any of the parties, and yet (under the
English approach), an extension of time cannot be granted because there is no
obvious mistake in the documents setting out the scheme or no fraud. Perhaps,
on the facts of _Kempe_ , the Privy Council’s decision can arguably be said
not to be unduly harsh or unfair, given that the Privy Council had found, as a
_fact_ , that it was a “ _principal feature_ ” [emphasis added] (_id_ at 273)
of the scheme in question to impose a strict deadline for filing claims, after
which creditors would be altogether barred from participating in the
liquidation. (By logical implication, that feature of the scheme in _Kempe_
would entail that the deadline for a creditor to apply to court to challenge
the liquidators’ decision in respect of its claim likewise had to be strictly
observed.) However, the same cannot be said for all other schemes of
arrangement without such a feature. We would reiterate here that, as a general
principle, the court should be slow to abdicate the powers conferred on it by
s 210 of the Companies Act _vis-à-vis_ schemes of arrangement, especially when
doing so would allow an injustice to stand.

63 Santow J in _Re AGL Gas Networks_ ([55] _supra_) pointed out at [46] that
_Kempe_ proceeded on “attackable reasoning” which was “vulnerable” (see the
passage quoted at [55] above). Referring to the assumption that a scheme of
arrangement derived its efficacy from the statute and not from the court order
sanctioning it, Santow J persuasively argued that if this approach was taken
to its logical conclusion, it would produce “incongruous consequences” (_Re
AGL Gas Networks_ at [46]). He drew an analogy with the court’s statutorily-
conferred jurisdiction to illustrate his argument, pointing out that “[t]he
fact that the [court’s] jurisdiction is conferred by statute does not make any
decisions of the court under the statutory jurisdiction any less orders of the
court deriving their efficacy from being made” (_ibid_). According to Santow
J, the statute might be an indispensable statutory prerequisite to the
existence of the court’s jurisdiction, but it was nonetheless “a ‘background’
fact” (_ibid_) behind that efficacy, and to say that it was the statute which
gave a court order its binding authority “[was] like saying that the birth of
Lee Harvey Oswald ‘caused’ the death of President Kennedy” (_ibid_). While we
see the merit in Santow J’s analogy in _Re AGL Gas Networks_ , the same cannot
be said about the analogy of royal assent given by the Privy Council in
_Kempe_ to support its holding that a scheme of arrangement derived its
efficacy from the statute. The Privy Council had (at 276 (see the first of the
two passages quoted at [48] above)) likened the court’s sanction of schemes of
arrangement to royal assent to Acts of the UK parliament; the fact that royal
assent was required for an Act did not make the statute an expression of royal
will and, likewise, the same reasoning applied to the court’s sanction of
schemes of arrangement. We note that this analogy is apt only if the court’s
sanction of a scheme is regarded as a _mere formality_ like the royal assent
required for UK Acts. However, as we have seen (at [43] above), cases
(including English ones) have established that the court’s sanction is not
just a formality and that the court, in fact, has a crucial role to play in
deciding whether a scheme is to be approved. Further, under the Singapore and
the Australian provisions governing schemes of arrangement, the court has the
expressly-defined power to impose such conditions on or make such amendments
to the terms of a scheme as it deems fit before approving any scheme (see s
210(4) of the Companies Act (reproduced at [31] above) and s 411(6) of the
2001 Australian Corporations Act (reproduced at [35] above); the significance
of these provisions will be dealt with in greater detail shortly). In the
light of this, we do not see how (at least in Singapore and Australia) the
court’s sanction of schemes of arrangement can be approximated to royal assent
to Acts of the UK parliament. Another flaw in the reasoning in _Kempe_ is
exposed by the facts of the case itself. This was astutely pointed out by
Santow J in _Re AGL Gas Networks_ at [46] (see the passage quoted at [55]
above), where he noted that the scheme in _Kempe_ allowed a dissatisfied
scheme creditor to apply to the court in respect of certain decisions made by
the liquidators, and their Lordships had proceeded on the basis that there was
nothing untoward in this. However, if indeed a court loses all jurisdiction in
respect of a scheme of arrangement once it has sanctioned the scheme (save for
its inherent jurisdiction to intervene in cases of fraud or obvious mistakes
in the documents setting out the scheme), this begs the question of where the
court obtains the necessary jurisdiction to exercise the appellate function
conferred by the scheme in _Kempe_. We agree with Santow J that if a scheme of
arrangement operates as an order of court instead of as a statutory contract,
no such difficulty arises since the jurisdiction of the court to vary an order
which it made earlier would continue.

64 Crucially, the approach adopted in _Kempe_ does not comport with the plain
_wording_ of the relevant UK, Australian and Singapore provisions on schemes
of arrangement, all of which stipulate that a scheme becomes _binding_ only “
_if sanctioned by the court_ ” (s 425(2) of the 1985 UK Companies Act (see
[35] above)) or if it is “ _approved by order of the Court_ ” (s 411(4) of the
2001 Australian Corporations Act (see [35] above) and s 210(3) of the
Companies Act (see [31]) above)). The plain wording of these subsections would
suggest that the efficacy of a scheme (or, at least, its binding nature, which
is the key to the ability of a scheme of arrangement to fulfil its intended
function of serving as machinery to overcome the impossibility of obtaining
the individual consent of every creditor or member to a proposed scheme) stems
from the court order which sanctions or approves it. This is _all the more so_
under the Australian and the Singapore provisions, which use the specific
words “ _order_ of the Court”. Further, under the Australian and the Singapore
provisions, there are specific subsections (namely, s 411(6) of the 2001
Australian Corporations Act (see [35] above) and s 210(4) of the Companies Act
(see [31] above)) that stipulate that the court “may grant its approval to a
compromise or [an] arrangement _subject to such alterations or conditions as
it thinks just_ ” [emphasis added]. We accept that these provisions only allow
a court to substantially amend the terms of a scheme _before_ the court’s
approval of the scheme is given and, contrary to what counsel for Oriental
contended, do not go as far as to allow the court to amend the terms of a
scheme _after_ approving the scheme. As seen earlier (at [44] above), it is an
established principle that the terms of a scheme cannot be substantially
amended (save in exceptional circumstances) after it has been approved by the
court. However, these provisions do nonetheless somewhat reinforce the view
that under the Australian and the Singapore companies legislation, the courts
are allowed a more active participatory role in respect of schemes of
arrangement as compared to the position under the UK’s companies legislation,
given that there is no equivalent of s 210(4) of the Companies Act or s 411(6)
of the 2001 Australian Corporations Act in the 1985 UK Companies Act. It would
seem incongruous that the court has such wide powers to amend the terms of a
scheme before giving its approval to the scheme, but promptly loses all
jurisdiction after it approves the scheme. A more tenable view would be that a
scheme, when approved by the court, takes effect as an order of court and,
like any other court order, can be varied, but only in deserving circumstances
(which we will elaborate on at [70]–[82] below).

65 Finally, we note that the Privy Council in _Kempe_ considered the amendment
of time limits laid down in a scheme of arrangement to be one of _substance_
and, thus, a “material alteration” (_id_ at 276). Accordingly, the Privy
Council dismissed Ambassador’s application for an extension of time. As
emphasised at [44] above, it is an established principle that a scheme cannot
be altered after the court’s sanction has been given to it so as to impose
upon the creditors or the members an arrangement to which they did not agree.
With respect, however, it is doubtful, to say the least, whether an extension
of time to file a proof of debt (or to commence legal proceedings in respect
of the liquidator’s decision on a proof of debt, as in the case of _Kempe_)
should be treated, in the first place, as a material alteration or amendment
of the substance of a court-approved scheme. It also appears to us that the
Privy Council in _Kempe_ did not consider this point carefully, but merely
accepted it as a valid assumption (_id_ at 276). In contrast to the cases
cited at [44] above (namely, _Devi_ , _British and Commonwealth Holdings plc_
, _Eltraco_ and _Chew Eu Hock_ , all of which support the above-mentioned
established principle), where the creditors in question (or, on the facts of
_Devi_ , the directors of the debtor company) sought to amend or object to the
substantive terms of a court-approved scheme such that they were, in fact,
trying to _resile_ from the original scheme which had been agreed to by the
requisite majority of supporting creditors and sanctioned by the court, the
applicant in an extension of time case (such as Oriental in the present
appeal) is usually not trying to substantially amend or resile from the scheme
that it has entered into. _In fact, the applicant in such a scenario usually
wholeheartedly supports the court-approved scheme and wants to take part in
it, and the purpose of seeking an extension of a time limit laid down in the
scheme is precisely for the purpose of participating in the scheme_. It
appears that the significance of this distinction was also, at least
partially, appreciated by the Judge in the proceedings below when she noted
(at [37] of the GD):

While _the applicant in the present case [ie, Oriental] did not seek to amend
the scheme_ , in my view, the principles governing this issue are important as
they form another part of the framework in which the issue should be analysed.
[emphasis added]

A better view, perhaps, is to treat an extension of time in respect of a
court-approved scheme simply as a matter of _procedure_ , rather than as a
matter going to the substance or materiality of the commercial dimension of
the scheme (an amendment of the latter nature would entail seeking the views
of all the parties bound by the scheme). We note that Santow J himself in _Re
AGL Gas Networks_ ([55] _supra_) accepted (at [47]) the submission that in
making an order to extend the time for the plaintiff company in that case to
comply with a particular condition stipulated in a court-approved scheme,
“[the court] would not be amending the scheme as such as it [_ie_ , the
extension of time] would not involve a change to any _substantive_ provision
of the scheme” [emphasis added]. If the view that an extension of time is
usually a matter of procedure is accepted, then the grant of an extension of
time will not be seen as detracting from the established principle that a
court-approved scheme should not be altered in substance. An application for
an extension of time after the court has approved a scheme should then
likewise not be viewed as being tantamount to raising a late objection to the
scheme that will jeopardise the certainty of the scheme’s validity (see, in
this regard, [46] above).

66 Viewed in this light, the Australian approach is in no way inconsistent
with the established principles relating to schemes of arrangement, and also
gives due consideration to the overarching need for clarity, certainty and
finality in this area of the law (a point made briefly earlier at [61] above).
We would also add, in respect of the latter concern, that a court order is in
no way less binding than a statutory contract on the parties to a scheme of
arrangement, and it is trite law as well as common sense that a court order
cannot be altered at will by the parties who are subject to the order. As
such, it is hard to see, with due respect, why there would invariably be less
commercial certainty if the Australian approach is adopted: Any court order,
once finalised, can only be amended in very limited circumstances, and any
application to amend a court order would be subject to due process. It follows
from the binding nature of a court order that the Australian approach can also
achieve the legislative intent that schemes of arrangement should function as
machinery to overcome the impossibility of attaining absolute consensus from
all the company’s creditors or members on a proposed scheme and to bind
minority dissentients to the scheme.

67 There is also no reason why the Australian approach cannot embrace the
legal concept that a scheme of arrangement which is approved by _all_ the
creditors of a company “is wholly a _contractual_ scheme” [emphasis added]
(_Daewoo_ ([26] _supra_) at [24]); the court order sanctioning such a scheme
(_ie_ , a scheme which is approved by all of the company’s creditors) can be
seen, in essence, as a _consensual order_. Viewed in this light, the sanctity
of contract which lies at the heart of a scheme that has been duly approved by
the company’s creditors or members is preserved.

68 Further, the Australian approach will have the added advantages of:

(a) avoiding a strained construction of the plain wording of s 210(3) of the
Companies Act, which, as demonstrated above at [64], suggests that a scheme of
arrangement is made binding only upon its approval by the court; and

(b) avoiding the unfairness or injustice which may potentially be caused to an
innocent creditor who is not to be blamed for its failure to file its proof of
debt in time.

69 We note that the Judge did not take the view that the Australian approach
was wrong; rather, she decided that “the English position [was] more
persuasive” (see the GD at [32]). The question of whether the court has
jurisdiction to extend time in respect of a court-approved scheme is
essentially a question of discretion, and invariably requires a judge to take
a considered view on what best accords with the need for commercial certainty
and fairness in this area of the law. The Judge was unduly concerned with the
overarching need for clarity, certainty and finality (all of which are crucial
to the efficacious implementation of schemes of arrangement), and thus
mistakenly concluded that anything less than the strict English approach would
be undesirable. However, as we have shown, there are real practical conundrums
with the strict English approach, and the reasoning in _Kempe_ is, with
respect, sharply flawed. On the other hand, adopting the Australian approach
does not necessarily entail sacrificing clarity, certainty and finality. In
fact, the Australian approach mitigates some of the injustice that may
potentially result under the English approach. It also gives due consideration
to the established principles relating to schemes of arrangement while
meeting, at the same time, the objectives of the legislative framework
governing such schemes. We have therefore adopted the Australian approach as
according with both the underlying policy and the objectives of s 210 of the
Companies Act.

_Circumstances where the court’s jurisdiction to extend time will be
exercised_

70 Having adopted the Australian approach, it would be helpful to provide some
guidelines as to when the court should exercise its jurisdiction in favour of
extending the time for a creditor to file its proof of debt (or extending
other time limits prescribed in a scheme of arrangement) in respect of a
court-approved scheme. Before doing so, it would be helpful to examine the
factual matrices of the Australian cases in which such extensions of time have
been granted.

_(1) The Australian cases_

71 We begin first with the case of _Caratti_ ([54] _supra_). As mentioned
earlier (at [54] above), in _Caratti_ , three creditors under a court-approved
scheme filed their claims in time, but failed to commence proceedings for a
review of the scheme manager’s decision to reject their claims (“review
proceedings”) within 14 days of the notice of rejection as stipulated in the
scheme. It transpired that the scheme manager had sent letters to those
creditors informing them that their claims had not been admitted, and the
letters, together with the relevant documents, had been forwarded by the
creditors to their solicitors. _The letters and the documents were,
unfortunately, mislaid in the office of the creditors’ solicitors_ , and by
the time they were discovered, the 14-day time period for commencing review
proceedings had expired.

72 As noted by Wallace J at 96, the creditors’ failure to commence review
proceedings in time was due to an “accident”. Given those circumstances, the
Supreme Court of Western Australia reversed the decision of Wickham J in the
court below and granted the three creditors an extension of time to commence
review proceedings. Besides the fact that the creditors themselves were not to
be blamed for failing to commence review proceedings in time, (more
importantly) the court took into consideration the fact that no prejudice
would be suffered by any party bound by the scheme if an extension of time was
granted, _given that no distribution had been made yet under the scheme_. In
fact, a refusal to grant an extension would have disadvantaged the three
creditors. As Burt J explained at 95:

_If, as I think is the case, there is power to extend the time, then a sound
exercise of the discretion on the facts of this case requires that it be
exercised_. It may be that in some cases the extension would be granted on
terms, i.e., that if the debt be established, the claimant is to be excluded
from any distribution made before that date. _In the present case however no
distribution has been made and on the merits of the case the scheme manager
does not oppose the making of an unconditional order. To refuse to make such
an order might have the effect of a creditor’s debt being released with no
compensating advantage. This is not the idea of the scheme, or as Brightman,
J., put it in Re NFU Development Trust, [1972] 1 W.L.R. 1548, at p. 1555;
[1973] 1 All E.R. 135: “Confiscation is not my idea of an arrangement.”_
[emphasis added]

73 The second case, _Re AGL Gas Networks_ ([55] _supra_), concerned a scheme
of amalgamation and reconstruction of a gas company (“AGL”) and its related
companies. The scheme was perceived to have numerous advantages such as
eliminating the duplication of record-keeping, accounting and maintenance
procedures and bringing about greater flexibility and potential for improved
growth for the whole organisation. The scheme was approved by an order of
court made on 6 June 1994, and other related orders were also made at the same
time to provide for the transfer of all the properties, powers and liabilities
of the subsidiary companies to their parent company. The relevant orders
(other than the order approving the scheme) were all subjected to certain
conditions precedent stipulated in the scheme. Six years after the orders were
made (and the scheme effected), it was discovered that the scheme had never
become operative as one of the conditions precedent, _viz_ , the amendment of
AGL’s then existing authorisation under the Gas Industry Restructuring Act
1986 (NSW) (“the NSW Gas Act”) before midnight on 30 June 1994, had never been
fulfilled (AGL had received notification of its amended authorisation a few
seconds after midnight on 1 July 1994). In the words of Santow J (at [2]),
“[t]he non-fulfilment [of the condition precedent] was _technical in the
extreme_ and _entirely accidental_ ” [emphasis added].

74 In fact, Santow J found that it would have been _impossible_ in the first
place for that condition precedent (_ie_ , the amendment of AGL’s then
existing authorisation under the NSW Gas Act before midnight on 30 June 1994)
to be fulfilled. He explained (at [5]):

[T]he formulation of that condition and in consequence the 1994 court orders,
was inherently circular in its terms. _Thus fulfilment of the scheme condition
depended on the scheme transfer of assets while the scheme transfer of assets
depended on fulfilment of the scheme condition. On that basis, the 1994 orders
read literally could never bring the scheme into effect_. This was contrary to
the expectation of all involved in the scheme process, including, it can be
assumed, the judge’s. [emphasis added]

Consequently, Santow J found that the parties had been labouring under a
mistake of fact as to the fulfilment of the condition precedent (at [33]):

I infer from all the evidence before me that at the hearing on 6 June 1994,
the plaintiff [AGL] and its representatives honestly and reasonably believed
that all the conditions precedent (including the requirement for the
authorisation held by the plaintiff to be amended) were capable of being
satisfied and would be satisfied prior to midnight on 30 June 1994. The court
was not misled deliberately in relation to the orders that were sought.
_Instead both the parties and the court were operating under a mistake of
fact_ (that is, that the authorisation would be obtained prior to midnight on
30 June 1994). [emphasis added]

75 In these circumstances, one of the questions before Santow J was whether
the court could, pursuant to the Supreme Court Rules (NSW), amend the orders
made on 6 June 1994 and extend the time for AGL to obtain amendment of its
authorisation under the NSW Gas Act to 10 minutes after midnight on 30 June
1994 so that the unfulfilled condition precedent would be retrospectively
satisfied. As seen above (at [55]), Santow J held that the court had the
jurisdiction to do so since the efficacy of the scheme was derived from an
order of court. Besides taking into account the fact that the non-compliance
in question was technical and accidental, Santow J also considered the
question of prejudice before concluding that the court’s jurisdiction to grant
an extension of time should be exercised in that case. At the outset, he made
the following observation (at [3]):

**_What now is to be done?_ _Clearly no-one would be prejudiced if the scheme
were able to be rendered operative, along with the consequential steps
purportedly taken_**. If possible this should be retroactive, though that
involves an element of retrospective fiction. Indeed if it were _not_ possible
to achieve that rectification and validation, **_prejudice would flow both for
the AGL group of companies, and the many who have dealt with it on the
assumption that the scheme was effective_**. [emphasis added in bold italics]

Further in his judgment, Santow J made the following essential findings of
fact (at [21]):

I find as a matter of fact that:

(a) As at about one second past midnight on 30 June 1994 and thereafter, the
plaintiff [AGL] and the subsidiary companies (to the extent that the
effectiveness of their dissolution and other associated steps is questioned)
_acted on the basis that the conditions precedent to the scheme of arrangement
and the court orders had been complied with so that the scheme was assumed to
be operative_.

(b) After midnight on 30 June 1994, _the affairs of the plaintiff and the
subsidiary companies have been conducted on the assumption that the scheme and
its associated steps have been fully implemented_.

(c) In the event the court is able to and does make orders validating,
rectifying or confirming the validity of the scheme and its associated steps
retroactively, _no injustice will be occasioned to any person now or in the
future_.

(d) If no such orders are made, then _substantial injustice in the form of
inconvenience, cost and confusion will inevitably be occasioned to the scheme
companies, their ultimate shareholders, customers and to the public generally
in so far as it has dealings with the scheme companies_.

[emphasis added]

In essence, Santow J was satisfied that no prejudice would be caused to any of
the parties bound by the scheme if an extension of time was granted since all
the parties concerned had assumed and acted on the basis that the scheme was
valid right from the start. Instead, certain parties would suffer prejudice if
an extension was not granted. In view of this, coupled with the fact that the
failure to comply with the condition precedent in question was technical and
accidental, there was every reason to grant AGL an extension of time.

76 We turn now to the case of _Ray Brooks Pty Ltd_ ([56] _supra_). Like the
present appeal, _Ray Brooks Pty Ltd_ was a case where a creditor (“Ray
Brooks”) had filed a (second, amended) proof of debt after the stipulated
deadline for lodging proofs of debt. In that case, the administrator of an
insolvent company (“Mr Smith”) had developed and proposed a scheme of
arrangement as an alternative to liquidation, with a view to achieving a
better return for the company’s creditors than would be available in
liquidation. The scheme was eventually approved by the court. Pursuant to the
scheme, Ray Brooks lodged a proof of debt on 28 November 2001, which was
before the stipulated deadline of 3 December 2001. Mr Smith subsequently wrote
to Ray Brooks on a few occasions requiring further particulars of its claim.
To assist it in responding to Mr Smith’s queries, Ray Brooks engaged a
consultancy firm, which sought (and was granted) an extension of time from Mr
Smith to provide the necessary particulars and supporting documents. The
consultancy firm subsequently advised Ray Brooks that the claim originally
submitted was significantly understated, and the latter thus submitted an
amended proof of debt on 18 February 2002. Mr Smith rejected this amended
proof of debt on the basis that it had been submitted out of time, although
the first proof of debt submitted was accepted as valid.

77 In exercising the court’s jurisdiction to extend the deadline for filing
proofs of debt from 3 December 2001 to 18 February 2002 so as to admit Ray
Brooks’ amended proof of debt, Austin J held at [91]–[92]:

_In my opinion, this is a case where considerations of fairness, in the
exercise of its discretion under Pt 40 r 4 [of the Supreme Court Rules (NSW)],
should lead the court to vary the time for Ray Brooks to lodge a formal proof
of claim from 3 December 2001–18 February 2002_ , so as to treat the second
claim as the claim of Ray Brooks for the purposes of the scheme.

In reaching this conclusion, I take specifically into account _the
difficulties to which the company was subjected in preparing proof of its
claim during the extremely busy grain harvesting period, and the propensity
for error that this circumstance created_. I also take into account the _very
large discrepancy between the first claim and the second claim_ , reflecting a
considered assessment by Ray Brooks that its entitlement was much higher than
originally framed. I also take into account that, according to counsel for Ray
Brooks, _his client does not seek to be able to rank for a distribution of a
net amount greater than the amount of the first claim. It seems to me that
unfair prejudice to the administration and other creditors can be avoided if
orders are appropriately framed to limit the participation of Ray Brooks in a
further distribution by reference to counsel’s concession_.

[emphasis added]

78 As noted above, although the company was insolvent, Austin J felt that no
prejudice could possibly be caused to the other creditors if an extension of
time was granted as Ray Brooks had undertaken to rank equally with the other
creditors for only the amount stated in its first proof of debt.

_(2) Distilling some principles_

79 As seen from the cases above, _prejudice_ to the company which is the
subject of the scheme of arrangement, the other parties to the scheme as well
as _the party who seeks the extension of time_ is a significant (if not the
most important) factor that the court takes into consideration in deciding
whether to exercise its jurisdiction to grant an extension of a deadline
contained in a court-approved scheme. In considering whether prejudice will be
caused to any party (including the party seeking the extension of time), the
court must consider the _entire_ circumstances of the case, _notably_ :

(a) whether any distribution has been made under the scheme;

(b) whether allowing the application for extension of time will inconvenience
the other creditors or substantially affect the dividends that they can expect
to receive;

(c) whether the order for extension of time can be framed to avoid any
potential prejudice to other creditors; and

(d) how much the creditor seeking the extension of time stands to lose if no
extension is granted.

We would stress that this list of factors is not exhaustive and the court must
always consider the circumstances of the case _as a whole_ in deciding if
prejudice would be caused to any of the interested parties.

80 Leaving aside the factor of prejudice, it appears that another factor that
the court takes into consideration in deciding whether to exercise its
jurisdiction to extend time in this context is the _reason_ behind the failure
of the party seeking the extension of time to comply with the timeline
originally stipulated. A common theme that runs through the cases discussed
above (at [71]–[78]) is that the party seeking an extension of time in each
case was not _blameworthy_ for its non-compliance with the original timeline –
in _Caratti_ ([54] _supra_), the creditors’ solicitors had mislaid the
documents in their office; in _Re AGL Gas Networks_ ([55] _supra_), Santow J
found that it was impossible in the first place for AGL to have complied with
the condition precedent in question; and in _Ray Brooks Pty Ltd_ ([56]
_supra_), Ray Brooks had filed its first proof of debt in time and had a valid
excuse for not providing the correct figure in that proof of debt (which had
been prepared during the busy grain harvesting period), thus necessitating the
filing of an amended proof of debt after the original deadline.

81 Besides prejudice, the conduct of the party seeking an extension of time
(including its reasons for failing to comply with the original deadline) and,
of course, the extent of the delay involved, it is difficult (or perhaps
impossible) for us to list here all the other factors that may be relevant.
Many of the other relevant factors would in any case be subsumed under the
consideration of prejudice (see [79] above). What other factors are relevant
will depend on the facts of each case, and it would always be important for a
court considering an application for an extension of time to have regard to
the entire factual matrix. However, we emphasise (and this point also emerges
from the Australian cases discussed above) that the _overriding consideration_
remains (and should remain) that of prejudice – _ie_ , whether prejudice would
be caused to any party bound by the scheme if the extension of time is or is
not granted, and, if so, whether such prejudice can be redressed. Thus, a
creditor who is late in filing its proof of debt due to a genuine oversight
should not be penalised with forfeiture of its entire debt if no prejudice
would be caused to the other creditors or the company by granting an extension
of time. That is not to say, however, that a creditor can be as negligent or
lackadaisical as it wants in filing its proof of debt.

82 It should not come as a surprise that prejudice and the conduct of the
party seeking an extension of time are relevant considerations in the present
context (_viz_ , extension of a time frame contained in, specifically, a
court-approved scheme), given that they are the same factors that a court
considers when deciding whether to exercise its discretion to extend or
abridge time pursuant to O 3 r 4 of the Rules of Court in other types of legal
proceedings (see, generally, _Singapore Court Practice 2006_ (Jeffrey Pinsler
gen ed) (LexisNexis, 2006) at paras 3/4/1–3/4/10 and _Singapore Civil
Procedure 2007_ (G P Selvam chief ed) (Sweet & Maxwell Asia, 2007) at paras
3/4/1–3/4/8). However, one difference, we would add, between an application
for an extension of time in the context of a court-approved scheme and the
same application in other contexts is that a court deciding whether to
exercise its jurisdiction to extend time in the former should have regard to
the overarching need for clarity, certainty and finality, all of which are
crucial for the proper functioning of schemes of arrangement. A court must
therefore be circumspect when considering an application to extend time in the
context of a court-approved scheme.

_Whether an extension of time pursuant to the Rules of Court should be granted
in the present case_

83 In the court below, the Judge held that “even if there were jurisdiction to
give an extension … the facts of this case did not merit the court’s
indulgence” (see the GD at [42]). She noted that Oriental had been reminded on
a number of occasions about the deadline for filing its proof of debt as well
as the consequences of not filing one in time. More importantly, she held that
“contrary to Oriental’s arguments that Reliance would suffer minimal prejudice
if the present application was allowed … there would be _serious
repercussions_ if this application was allowed … for Reliance” [emphasis
added] (see the GD at [44]), and accepted Reliance’s submission that “the
entire scheme might have to be _abandoned_ ” [emphasis added] (_id_) if the
application was allowed. Unfortunately, the Judge did not elaborate on what
“serious repercussions” Reliance would suffer if Oriental’s application for an
extension of time were allowed or why the Scheme might have to be abandoned in
that event. Indeed, this appeared to be nothing short of a bare submission by
Reliance, unsupported by the facts before us. We therefore could not agree
with the Judge that the facts of this case merited such a conclusion.

84 We found, on the contrary, that no prejudice would be caused to Reliance or
the other Scheme Creditors if we were to allow Oriental’s application; in
fact, Oriental would be severely prejudiced if we were to dismiss its
application. Our reasons for coming to this conclusion are as follows.

85 Firstly, as mentioned earlier (see [8] above), the Scheme was a _solvent_
one. Based on Reliance’s audited accounts as at 31 December 2005, Reliance had
sufficient assets to pay _all_ the Scheme Creditors, including Oriental, _in
full_ (a point which counsel for Reliance acknowledged at the hearing before
this court). In fact, it was clear from the Scheme Documents (see [7] above)
that the purpose of the Scheme was to make _full payment_ to all the Scheme
Creditors so as to conclude the run-off of Reliance’s business more
expeditiously than would be the case if the run-off were to continue until all
claims from Scheme Creditors had materialised and had been paid. It followed
then that if an extension of time were granted to Oriental to file its proof
of debt and its claim subsequently admitted, the rest of the Scheme Creditors
would not in any way be prejudiced given that all of them would, in any event,
be receiving full payment for their ascertained claims. Indeed, counsel for
Reliance, upon being queried by us, conceded that Reliance had thus far not
received any objection from any of the Scheme Creditors in respect of
Oriental’s application for an extension of time to file its proof of debt and
for its claim to be admitted. The fact that the Scheme was a solvent one was
an important factor (although by no means a decisive one) that we took into
consideration in assessing if any prejudice would be caused to the rest of the
Scheme Creditors or any other parties bound by the Scheme if Oriental’s
application were to be allowed.

86 Secondly, at all material times, Oriental was a creditor _known_ to
Reliance, and Reliance was always prepared to meet Oriental’s claim. Mr Andy
Campbell, a director of Reliance, had flown to India to garner Oriental’s
support for the Scheme, and Reliance had admitted Oriental’s claim of
approximately US$20m for the purposes of voting at the Court Meeting. It
appeared from the Explanatory Statement that Oriental was (by virtue of the
size of its claim) by far the largest creditor of Reliance, and if Oriental
(voting by proxy at the Court Meeting) had not voted in favour of the Scheme,
the Scheme might not have received the requisite approval of three-fourths in
value of the Scheme Creditors present and voting either in person or by proxy
at the Court Meeting as stipulated by s 210(3) of the Companies Act, and might
in turn never have been implemented in the first place. In such circumstances,
we could not see how Reliance would in any way be prejudiced if Oriental’s
claim were admitted as a result of our granting Oriental an extension of time
to file its proof of debt. This was certainly not a case of a creditor
suddenly materialising out of thin air.

87 Thirdly, Oriental was only two months late in filing its proof of debt, and
when Oriental first notified Reliance that it wished to file its proof of debt
out of time in its letter dated 16 July 2007 (see [18] above), there was still
a good six months before the targeted payment date of 28 February 2008 under
the Scheme. Had Oriental’s claim been admitted then (_ie_ , in July 2007), the
Scheme Manager would have had more than adequate time to ascertain Oriental’s
claim. Given also that no payment has been made under the Scheme thus far, we
do not see how Reliance or any of the other Scheme Creditors would be
prejudiced even if Oriental files its proof of debt now and has its claim
admitted at this late stage. If anything, this would only mean that payment
has to be deferred to a later date, but we note that the original _targeted_
payment date was only a _tentative_ date in the first place.

88 Finally, we were of the opinion that the only prejudice that could
potentially arise in the present case would be that which would be caused to
Oriental if its application for an extension of time were not granted.
Oriental has a claim of US$19,031,656, and, although this figure is an
estimate, the ascertained claim would in any case still be a significant sum.
This was what was at stake for Oriental in the present appeal, and if we had
refused its application for an extension of time, we would, as contended by
counsel for Oriental, literally be handing to the shareholder(s) of Reliance
(WIG, in this case) an unmerited windfall. Oriental would be left with
virtually nothing, although it had voted in favour of the Scheme and was all
along a creditor known to Reliance to have an apparently genuine claim.

89 This brings us to the question then of whether Oriental could only blame
itself for not filing its proof of debt in time and whether it should be
entitled to a second bite of the cherry. The Judge was clearly of the view
that Oriental should not be given a second chance, given the numerous
reminders that Reliance had purportedly sent out. We note that there was some
dispute in the court below as to whether Oriental did receive those reminders.
The Judge was of the view that since the letter of 14 November 2006 (see [14]
above) had been sent to Oriental at the General Address (which was the address
that the Scheme Documents had been sent to, and Oriental had confirmed receipt
of those documents), and since at least three of the e-mails sent after
November 2006 had been sent to the e-mail address provided by Oriental in its
completed voting form, Reliance had done as much as it could to notify
Oriental of the need to file its proof of debt before the Claims Cut-Off Date
(see the GD at [42]).

90 With respect, we do not share the Judge’s view that Reliance had done its
best to notify Oriental of the deadline for filing its proof of debt. The
crucial letter of 14 November 2006, which informed Oriental that the Scheme
had been sanctioned by the High Court and which enclosed a proof of debt form
as well as instructions for filing up the form, was addressed to Mr Mohan, who
had retired from Oriental in February 2005 (see [15] above). Although it was
not wrong for Reliance to have sent this letter to the General Address, we
would have thought that, as a matter of prudence and common sense, a copy of
the letter, clearly addressed to Mr Jindal (who had signed the voting form on
behalf of Oriental), should also have been forwarded to the address provided
in Oriental’s completed voting form. As for the three e-mail reminders that
were sent to Mr Jindal’s e-mail address (see [16] above), we note that
although Reliance had produced “Delivery Status Notification (Relay)” reports
to prove that those e-mails were indeed sent out, the reports did not in any
way prove that Mr Jindal had received the e-mails. We are also puzzled as to
why Reliance only made two attempts (both unsuccessful) to contact Oriental by
telephone and why those telephone calls were made to Oriental’s fax number
instead of Oriental’s telephone number (see [17] above). Even if Reliance did
not have Oriental’s telephone number, it would have been able to obtain the
number if it had genuinely resolved to do so.

91 Nonetheless, we accept that Oriental was certainly not blameless (unlike
the parties seeking an extension of time in the Australian cases discussed at
[71]–[78] above) for its failure to file its proof of debt in time. Even if
Reliance had not informed Oriental that the Scheme had been sanctioned or had
not reminded the latter about the deadline for filing its proof of debt, it
would have been prudent for Oriental to make the necessary enquiries itself.
However, as mentioned above (at [81]), the overriding consideration in
determining whether the court’s jurisdiction should be exercised in favour of
granting an extension of time would be whether any prejudice will be caused to
any party bound by the scheme if an extension of time were granted (or not
granted), even though the court is also entitled to take into account, _inter
alia_ , the conduct of the party seeking an extension of time. The present
case was not one of a patent oversight. Rather, there seemed to have been a
slip between the cup and the lip on Oriental’s part that ought to have been
viewed with a measure of leniency. The facts we have referred to plainly show
that no discernible prejudice would be caused to either the rest of the Scheme
Creditors or Reliance if the present application for an extension of time were
allowed; on the contrary, dismissing the application would have grave and
irreparable consequences for Oriental. We are of the view that the failure by
Oriental to file its proof of debt in time here was a case of inadvertent
oversight on Oriental’s part. Upon learning of its failure in this regard two
months after the deadline for filing its proof of debt had passed, Oriental
immediately wrote to notify Reliance of its wish to submit its claim, and, at
that time, there was still approximately six months before the targeted
payment date under the Scheme. Given these circumstances, we are of the view
that the present case was one that warranted the exercise of the court’s
jurisdiction to grant an extension of time. Accordingly, we granted Oriental
an extension of time.

**_Whether the court has jurisdiction under section 392(4)(_ d _) of the
Companies Act to extend the time for filing proofs of debt_**

92 In view of our reliance on O 3 r 4 of the Rules of Court to allow
Oriental’s appeal (and, thus, its application for an extension of time), it
was not strictly necessary for us to consider the new (and alternative) legal
argument raised by Oriental in its written skeletal submissions for this
appeal (see [27] above), _viz_ , that s 392(4)(_d_) of the Companies Act
conferred on the court jurisdiction (which was independent of the nature of
schemes of arrangement) to grant an extension of time for a creditor in
Oriental’s position to file its proof of debt. In the interests of
completeness, however, we will now deal with this issue.

_Legislative history of section 392(4)(_ d _)_

93 Section 392(4)(_d_) of the Companies Act provides as follows:

(4) Subject to the following provisions of this section and without limiting
the generality of any other provision of this Act, the Court _may_ , on
application by any interested person, make all or any of the following orders,
either unconditionally or subject to such conditions as the Court imposes:

…

(_d_) an order _extending the period_ for doing any act, matter or thing or
instituting or taking any proceeding under this Act or _in relation to a
corporation_ (including an order extending a period where the period concerned
expired before the application for the order was made) or abridging the period
for doing such an act, matter or thing or instituting or taking such a
proceeding,

and may make such consequential or ancillary orders as the Court thinks fit.

[emphasis added]

94 Section 392(6)(_c_) further provides that an order under s 392(4)(_d_) can
only be made if such an order will not cause “substantial injustice” to any
person:

(6) The Court shall not make an order under this section unless it is
satisfied —

…

(_c_) in every case, that no _substantial injustice_ has been or is likely to
be caused to any person.

[emphasis added]

95 Section 392 of the Companies Act, which was first enacted in 1987 (via the
Companies (Amendment) Act 1987 (Act 37 of 1987)), was inspired by s 539 of the
Companies Act 1981 (Cth) (see _Butterworths’ Annotated Statutes_ ([33]
_supra_) at p 940). As there appears to be no equivalent provision in the UK’s
companies legislation, s 392 seems to have been derived entirely from
Australian legislation. Presently, s 392 of the Companies Act is _in_ _pari
materia_ with s 1322 of the 2001 Australian Corporations Act, of which s
1322(4)(d) (the subsection corresponding to s 392(4)(_d_) of the Companies
Act) reads as follows:

(4) Subject to the following provisions of this section _but_ without limiting
the generality of any other provision of this Act, the Court may, on
application by any interested person, make all or any of the following orders,
either unconditionally or subject to such conditions as the Court imposes:

…

(d) an order extending the period for doing any act, matter or thing or
instituting or taking any proceeding under this Act or in relation to a
corporation (including an order extending a period where the period concerned
ended before the application for the order was made) or abridging the period
for doing such an act, matter or thing or instituting or taking such a
proceeding …

[emphasis added]

Thus, save for the word “but” (italicised in the quotation above) in the
opening words of s 1322(4)(d) of the 2001 Australian Corporations Act, the
wording of that provision is exactly the same as the wording of s 392(4)(_d_)
of the Companies Act. Section 392(6)(_c_) of the Companies Act is also
substantially the same as s 1322(6)(c) of the 2001 Australian Corporations
Act, which reads as follows:

(6) The Court must not make an order under this section unless it is
satisfied:

…

(c) in every case – that no substantial injustice has been or is likely to be
caused to any person.

_Section 392(4)(_ d _): its scope and its applicability to extensions of time
in respect of court-approved schemes_

96 It appears that s 392(4)(_d_) of the Companies Act has hitherto not been
interpreted by the local courts. However, a plain reading of this provision
would suggest that it has a rather broad remit. The learned authors of
_Australian Corporation Law_ ([39] _supra_) note (at vol 3, para 9.4.0080
(April 2007 release)) in relation to the corresponding Australian provision
(_ie_ , s 1322(4)(d) of the 2001 Australian Corporations Act):

Section 1322(4)(d) confers power on a court to extend or abridge the period
for doing _any_ act “in relation to a corporation”. _The section does not
identify the instrument or authority that has the prescribed period which the
court is able to extend or abridge_. [emphasis added]

It would thus follow that as long as the act in respect of which an extension
of time is sought is “in relation to a corporation”, but subject to the
qualification in s 1322(6) of the 2001 Australian Corporations Act, the court
will be able to grant an extension of time if it deems it fit to do so.

97 Before we proceed further to discuss some of the cases that have applied
the Australian provision, a clarification is perhaps first needed. It will be
seen shortly that some of the cases discussed below concern legislation that
predates the 2001 Australian Corporations Act. These cases are nonetheless
relevant as they deal with essentially the same provision as the present s
1322(4)(d) of the 2001 Australian Corporations Act. Some brief comments on the
background of the 2001 Australian Corporations Act are necessary to understand
this (see, generally, _Ford_ ([34] _supra_]), vol 1 at paras 2.170–2.320
(March 2002 release); _Halsbury’s Laws of Australia_ vol 7 (J D Heydon gen ed)
(Butterworths, Looseleaf Ed, 1993) at para 120-130 (March 2007 release); and
Phillip Lipton & Abe Herzberg, _Understanding Company Law_ (Lawbook Co, 10th
Ed, 2001) at pp 7–9). Companies legislation in Australia used to be under the
purview of each state’s legislature, but, in 1989, the Commonwealth parliament
enacted the Corporations Act 1989 (Cth) (“the Commonwealth Corporations Act”)
as a national law governing companies. Although enacted in 1989, this Act did
not take effect because of a successful constitutional challenge to it in _The
State of New South Wales v The Commonwealth of Australia_ (1990) 169 CLR 482,
where the Australian High Court held that the Constitution of the Commonwealth
of Australia did not confer power on the Commonwealth to make laws on the
incorporation of companies generally. Pursuant to this decision, the
Commonwealth, the various states and the Northern Territory, through co-
ordinated legislation, sought to put in place a uniform companies law. The
Commonwealth Corporations Act was amended such that it became the companies
legislation of the Australian Capital Territory only, and s 82 of that Act (as
amended) set out what was termed “the Corporations Law”. Instead of each state
and the Northern Territory passing different statutes on companies law, each
of them enacted as its companies legislation the Corporations Law set out in s
82 of the Commonwealth Corporations Act (as amended) (“the Australian
Corporations Law”). This state of affairs continued until the 2001 Australian
Corporations Act was enacted following a reference of power by the various
states to the Commonwealth. Section 1322(4)(d) of the Australian Corporations
Law is, in fact, equivalent to s 1322(4)(d) of the 2001 Australian
Corporations Act (the same applies in respect of s 1322(6)(c) of the 2001
Australian Corporations Act). Many Australian textbooks, when referring to s
1322(4)(d), do not state whether they are referring to this provision as it is
set out in the 2001 Australian Corporations Act or as it is set out in the
Australian Corporations Law. References to s 1322(4)(d) in cases dealing with
legislation predating before the 2001 Australian Corporations Act are, in
fact, references to s 1322(4)(d) of the Australian Corporations Law, and we
shall use the generic term “s 1322(4)(d)” in these grounds of decision to
denote this subsection regardless of the particular piece of Australian
legislation which it appears in . With this in mind, we proceed now to
consider some of these cases.

98 In Australia, s 1322(4)(d) has been applied in a number of instances where
the time for doing a certain act was prescribed by the Australian Corporations
Law and/or the 2001 Australian Corporations Act (see, for instance, _Village
Roadshow Broadcasting Pty Ltd v Austereo Ltd_ (1997) 24 ACSR 185, where
Goldberg J used s 1322(4)(d) to abridge the period during which dissenting
offerees to a takeover offer could apply under s 701(6) of the Australian
Corporations Law in respect of notices given to them by the offeror, and
_National Roads and Motorists’ Association Ltd v Parkin_ (2004) 49 ACSR 485,
where Campbell J used s 1322(4)(d) to extend by two months the time for the
applicant company to hold a general meeting pursuant to a requisition from its
members under s 249D of the 2001 Australian Corporations Act; see also,
generally, _Ford_ ([34] _supra_), vol 1 at para 7.583 (November 2005
release)). The Australian courts have, however, also held that s 1322(4)(d)
does not apply in some instances (see, for example, _Re Panbio Pty Ltd_ (2000)
35 ACSR 458, where it was held that s 1322(4)(d) could not be used to extend
or abridge the one-month period specified in s 164 of the Australian
Corporations Law for a company which had changed its company type to alter the
details of its registration as to invoke s 1322(4)(d) in this manner would
undermine the protection provided in s 164(7) of the Australian Corporations
Law; and _S T (2) Pty Ltd v Lockwood_ (1998) 27 ACSR 667, where it was held
that s 1322(4)(d) did not apply to cure a failure to comply with s 444B(2)(a)
of the Australian Corporations Law, which required a company to execute a deed
of company arrangement within 21 days after the end of the creditors’ meeting
at which it was resolved that the company should execute such a deed, as s
444B(2) already contained within it a specific remedial provision (_viz_ , s
444B(2)(b)) in the event that an extension of time was needed). It appears
that in instances where a specific time period is prescribed by the 2001
Australian Corporations Act and/or the Australian Corporations Law, whether s
1322(4)(d) can operate to extend that time period will depend upon the
particular statutory context (_Brown v DML Resources Pty Ltd (No 6)_ (2002) 40
ACSR 669). Section 1322(4)(d) has also been applied in instances where the
time period was not directly fixed by statute, such as in _Re Dana Australia
(Holdings) Pty Ltd_ (2006) 57 ACSR 99, where Finkelstein J held that the
subsection permitted the court to extend the time for doing certain acts fixed
by the Australian Securities and Investments Commission in class orders made
under s 341 of the 2001 Australian Corporations Act.

99 As for the applicability of s 1322(4)(d) to the extension of time _vis-à-
vis_ schemes of arrangement, this was considered by Santow J in _Re AGL Gas
Networks_ ([55] _supra_). He opined at [51]:

Although it is not necessary finally to decide whether s 1322(4)(d) applies in
these circumstances, and especially with no contradictor, clearly _s
1322(4)(d) was drawn in very wide terms as a remedial provision_. Moreover,
the words “in relation to” are well recognised as words of expansive meaning
(see, eg, _Tooheys Ltd v Cmr of Stamp Duties_ (1961) 105 CLR 602) but
gathering its meaning “from the context in which it appears ... which will
determine the matters to which it extends”: per Deane, Dawson and Toohey JJ in
_Workers’ Compensation Board (Qld) v Technical Products Pty Ltd_ (1988) 165
CLR 642 at 653; 81 ALR 260. It allows the court to make an order extending or
abridging time whether for any proceeding under the [Australian Corporations]
Law or “relating to a corporation”. _A scheme of arrangement clearly “relates
to a corporation” being the corporation which proposed the scheme._ [emphasis
added]

100 Since Santow J had already decided that the court could grant AGL the
extension of time sought pursuant to the Supreme Court Rules (NSW) (on the
basis that a scheme of arrangement derived its efficacy from the order of
court approving the scheme), his comments above were strictly _obiter_. We
note that Santow J himself prefaced the above passage with the caveat that “it
[was] not necessary finally to decide whether s 1322(4)(d) [applied] in these
circumstances”, and he made it clear again later in his judgment (at [53])
that he was not deciding if the subsection would apply in the case before him:

The plaintiff [AGL] submits that in the circumstances of this case the
operation of the section [_ie_ , s 1322(4)(d)] is enlivened and that as a
matter of discretion I could make appropriate orders. If I had not been minded
to make orders on the bases set out above, I would have needed to reach a
conclusion on that; but _I do not need to do so and prefer to leave that
question for another day_. [emphasis added]

101 Counsel for Reliance submitted that s 392(4)(_d_) of the Companies Act
would not be of avail to Oriental in the present case as it has been held in
_Diversified Mineral Resources NL v Amusmet Investments Pty Ltd_ (1991) 24
NSWLR 77 (“ _Diversified Mineral Resources_ ”) that the corresponding
Australian provision (_ie_ , s 1322(4)(d)) did not apply in a situation where
an event occurred automatically upon the termination of a prescribed time
frame, as opposed to a case where some act must be undertaken in order for the
event in question to occur within the stipulated time frame. Reliance
contended that Oriental’s claim:[note: 7]

… was, pursuant to the Scheme, deemed zero automatically when it failed to
submit its Proof of Debt on time; no further action was required on the part
of [Reliance]. Thus, Section 392(4)(d) of the [Companies] Act cannot avail
[Oriental].

At the hearing before this court, counsel for Reliance pointed out, in support
of the above submission, that Santow J himself in _Re AGL Gas Networks_ at
[51] had observed that _Diversified Mineral Resources_ was authority for the
proposition that s 1322(4)(d) did not apply where time expired automatically.

102 With respect, we do not agree with Reliance’s submission. In relation to
Santow J’s observation, the relevant part of his judgment in _Re AGL_ _Gas
Networks_ at [51] reads as follows:

[T]here is authority for the proposition that where time expires
automatically, for example under the [Australian Corporations] Law or the
[company’s] articles – and it might be suggested a scheme condition – s
1322(4)(d) cannot be used to extend it: _Diversified Mineral Resources NL v
Amusmet Investments Pty Ltd_ (1991) 5 ACSR 465; 9 ACLC 1047 per McLelland J.
_Dicta by the High Court may suggest that that constraint does not apply at
least where the step is one directly for the corporation or its creditors to
take, rather than one which less directly merely_ _concerns_ _the corporation_
: _Australasian Memory Pty Ltd v Brien_ (2000) 172 ALR 28; 34 ACSR 250 at 260.
[emphasis added]

From the above passage, it appears that Santow J was of the view that
_Diversified Mineral Resources_ represented the proposition that if a
stipulated time period for doing an act expired automatically under the
Australian Corporations Law or the articles of association of a company, s
1322(4)(d) could not be used to extend that time period. However, he qualified
his view by commenting that that constraint did not appear to apply at least
where the step to be taken within the stipulated time period was one
_directly_ for the corporation or its creditors to take. As discussed earlier
(see [73]–[75] above), in _Re AGL Gas Networks_ , an extension of time was
sought for AGL to fulfil a condition precedent laid down in the scheme,
namely, an amendment of its then existing authorisation under the NSW Gas Act
before midnight on 30 June 1994. Santow J noted that such an amendment was not
exactly “a step directly relating to a corporate proceeding though
indispensable to it taking effect” (_id_ at [51]). However, as he had already
decided that the court could extend time pursuant to the Supreme Court Rules
(NSW), he felt that there was no need to decide if s 1322(4)(d) applied on the
facts (see [99]–[100] above). Unlike the factual scenario in _Re AGL Gas
Networks_ , the present appeal concerns the filing of a proof of debt by a
company’s creditor (_ie_ , Oriental) under a court-approved scheme (_ie_ , the
Scheme). Unlike the fulfilment of the particular condition precedent which was
considered in _Re AGL Gas Networks_ , the filing of a proof of debt, on Santow
J’s own view that a scheme of arrangement “clearly ‘relate[d] to a
corporation’ being the corporation which proposed the scheme” (_id_ at [51])
and “so too [did] performance of all the scheme steps” (_ibid_), is clearly a
step directly “in relation to a corporation” for the purposes of s 392(4)(_d_)
of the Companies Act.

103 The present case is also distinguishable from _Diversified Mineral
Resources_ on two points. Firstly, the latter case involved a statutory
provision, _ie_ , s 388(1) of the Australian Corporations Law, which
prescribed a 14-day time period for a shareholder to pay up upon a demand for
payment pursuant to a call by the company on that shareholder’s shares,
failing which the shareholder’s shares would be automatically forfeited for
non-payment. Thus, unlike the scenario in this appeal, _Diversified Mineral
Resources_ , to begin with, was not concerned with a situation where the time
period in question was not prescribed by statute. Secondly, in _Diversified
Mineral Resources_ , the interlocutory application brought by the defendant
shareholder was for an extension of the time period set out in s 388(1) of the
Australian Corporations Law, upon the expiry of which a shareholder’s shares
could be automatically forfeited for non-payment pursuant to a call made on
those shares. McLelland J held (_inter alia_) at 78 that s 1322(4)(d) did not
apply because under s 1322(4)(d), the relevant power conferred on the court
was to extend the period “for _doing_ any act, matter or thing or instituting
or taking any proceeding under this Law or in relation to a corporation”
[emphasis added]; since forfeiture for non-payment upon a call on shares
occurred automatically under s 388(1) without occasion for anyone to do any
act, matter or thing or institute or take any proceeding in order for
forfeiture to occur, s 1322(4)(d) was inapplicable. This appeared to be the
holding relied on by Reliance (see [101] above) in its submission that s
392(4)(_d_) of the Companies Act was similarly of no avail to Oriental in this
appeal. With respect, Reliance has misapplied McLelland J’s holding in
_Diversified Mineral Resources_. In that case, the time period in question
related to the _forfeiture_ of shares; the defendant shareholder was seeking
to delay forfeiture by obtaining an extension of the time period set out in s
388(1) of the Australian Corporations Law pending the hearing of the
substantive proceedings as to whether there was in fact any money owing on its
shares. In contrast, the relevant time period in this appeal related to the
_filing_ of a proof of debt, and not the _deeming_ of a Scheme Creditor’s
claim to be zero if its proof of debt was not filed by the Claims Cut-Off
Date. The filing of a proof of debt would certainly be an act “in relation to
a corporation” within the meaning of s 392(4)(_d_) of the Companies Act if
Santow J’s reasoning in _Re AGL Gas Networks_ at [51] (see the passage cited
at [99] above) is accepted. It can, perhaps, plausibly be said that in
_Diversified Mineral Resources_ , the defendant shareholder was effectively
seeking an extension of time to make payment following the company’s call on
its shares, and although such payment would certainly have been an act in
relation to a corporation, the court held that s 1322(4)(d) did not apply.
However, this was not how the application for extension of time was framed
before McLelland J (perhaps, if the application in that case had indeed been
framed in that way, McLelland J might have allowed it, but we need say no
further on this). In any event, as mentioned at [98] above, whether s
1322(4)(d) can be applied to extend a time limit prescribed by a provision in
the Australian Corporations Law and/or the 2001 Australian Corporations Act
would invariably depend on the particular statutory context. No such
consideration arises where the time period which is sought to be extended is
_not_ prescribed by statute, such as in the present appeal.

104 Given the plain wording of s 392(4)(_d_) of the Companies Act, we are of
the view that there is no reason why this subsection cannot, in principle,
apply to any step to be taken by a creditor under a court-approved scheme,
such as the filing of a proof of debt in this case, subject to the caveat that
no order under s 392(4)(_d_) can be made unless the court is satisfied that no
substantial injustice would be caused to any party by the making of such an
order (see s 392(6)(_c_)).

_“Substantial injustice” for the purposes of section 392(6)(_ c _)_

105 It remains to be seen what the meaning of “substantial injustice” in s
392(6)(_c_) of the Companies Act is. The learned authors of _Ford_ ([34]
_supra_) explained the requirement of “no substantial injustice” in the
corresponding Australian provision (_ie_ , s 1322(6)(c) of the 2001 Australian
Corporations Act) as follows (at vol 1, para 7.584 (November 2005 release)):

Section 1322(6)(c) prescribes a condition which affects all four kinds of
order [which can be made under s 1322]. _The court must be satisfied that no
substantial injustice has been or is likely to be caused to any person_. As it
appeared in s 366 of the Uniform Companies Act 1961 (Cth), this condition was
considered in _Re Compaction Systems Pty Ltd_ [1976] 2 NSWLR 477; (1976) 2
ACLR 135; (1977–78) CLC 40-313. Bowen CJ in Eq said (ACLR at 150):

_In my view, the word “injustice” in this provision requires the court to
consider any real, and not merely insubstantial or theoretical, prejudice
which will be suffered by, for example, a member by the making of an order,
and to weigh this in the scales against the prejudice to the company, other
members and creditors, if an order is not made_. In other words, it is
insufficient to show that there may be some prejudice to a member if, on a
consideration of the whole matter, the overwhelming weight of justice, as it
were, is in favour of making the order (see _Re Australian Continental
Resources Ltd_ (1975) 10 ACTR 19; 1 ACLR 405 per Blackburn J at 33–4; see also
_Re Castlereagh Securities Ltd_ [1973] 1 NSWLR 624; (1971–73) CLC 40–066 and
_Elderslie Finance Corporation Ltd v ASC_ (1993) 11 ACSR 157 at 160; 11 ACLC
787).

[emphasis added]

106 Essentially, Bowen CJ held in _Re Compaction System Pty Ltd_ [1976] 2
NSWLR 77 that it was necessary to show _real_ rather than _insubstantial_ or
_theoretical_ prejudice in order to dissuade the court from making an order
under the then equivalent of s 1322(4) of the 2001 Australian Corporations
Act. The prejudice against a particular party if an order were made must be
weighed against the prejudice to the other members and creditors of the
company as well as to the company itself if the order were not made, and thus,
a decision as to whether substantial injustice exists is “a _balancing act_ ”
[emphasis added] (see _Australian Corporation Law_ ([39] _supra_), at vol 3,
para 9.4.0080 (April 2007 release)). Bowen CJ’s observations as set out above
have been approvingly referred to locally in _Golden Harvest Films
Distribution (Pte) Ltd v Golden Village Multiplex Pte Ltd_ [2007] 1 SLR 940 at
[54], where this court suggested that the determination of substantial
injustice under s 392 of the Companies Act involved “a holistic weighing and
balancing of the various interests of all the relevant parties”.

107 In our opinion, the _same_ balancing act is undertaken by the court when
it considers the potential prejudice that may be caused to the interested
parties if it were to exercise or decline to exercise its jurisdiction to
extend time under O 3 r 4 of the Rules of Court (see [79] and [81] above). A
question that then arises is whether the test of “no substantial injustice” in
s 392(6)(_c_) of the Companies Act entails a consideration of the same factors
as those relating to prejudice which the court takes into account in
determining whether an extension of time should be granted under the Rules of
Court. We agree with Bowen CJ’s observation in _Re Compaction Systems Pty Ltd_
(see the passage quoted at [105] above) that “injustice” in s 392(6)(_c_)
refers to the same thing as (real) prejudice. As for the word “substantial”,
it is defined in A S Hornby, _Oxford Advanced Learner’s Dictionary of Current
English_ (Oxford University Press, 5th Ed, 1995) at p 1192 as “large in amount
or value; considerable”. In our opinion, the court can grant an extension of
time under s 392(4)(_d_) of the Companies Act so long as it is satisfied that
no _considerable_ prejudice would be caused to any of the interested parties
if the order is made. It thus appears to us that “substantial injustice” in s
392(6)(_c_) amounts to something greater than just ordinary prejudice.

108 However, we would stop short of saying that a party who fails to obtain an
extension of time under the Rules of Court can, in contrast, do so under s
392(4)(_d_) of the Companies Act if, say, it is shown that some prejudice may
be caused to a relevant party, but the prejudice does not amount to
“substantial injustice”. It must be borne in mind that the power conferred on
the court by s 392(4) is _discretionary_ , given that the provision directs
that the court “ _may_ , on application by any interested person, make all or
any of the following orders [in ss 392(4)(_a_)–392(4)(_d_)], either
unconditionally or _subject to such conditions as the Court imposes_ ”
[emphasis added] (see [93] above). Thus, the learned editors of _The Laws of
Australia_ vol 4 (Thomson Lawbook Co, Looseleaf Ed, 1993) have, in regard to
the making of orders under s 1322 of the 2001 Australian Corporations Act,
commented as follows (at para 4.2.1320 (April 2006 release)):

Even where the court is satisfied of the matters specified in s 1322(6) [_ie_
, that no substantial injustice has been or is likely to be caused to any
party], it retains a _discretion_ whether or not to make a validating order,
and does not do so unless it considers intervention to be justified. [emphasis
added]

It follows that notwithstanding that the court is satisfied that no
substantial injustice would be caused to any party if an order is made under s
392(4)(_d_) of the Companies Act, the court can decline to make the order,
having regard to the entire circumstances of the case. In our opinion, the
same considerations that a court takes into account in deciding if an
extension of time should be granted under the Rules of Court (as summarised at
[79]–[81] above) should equally apply for the purposes of deciding if an
extension of time should be granted under s 392(4)(_d_) of the Companies Act.
This would mean that the court in the latter situation could, besides
prejudice, also take into consideration, _inter alia_ , the reason(s) why the
party seeking an extension of time failed to comply with the timeline
originally stipulated. It would be anomalous if an extension of time can be
granted to a creditor to file its proof of debt under the Rules of Court, but
not under s 392(4)(_d_) of the Companies Act, or _vice versa_.

_Whether section 392(4)(_ d _) was of avail to Oriental in the present case_

109 We have already given our reasons as to why we would exercise our
jurisdiction pursuant to the Rules of Court to grant Oriental an extension of
time to file its proof of debt in the present case (see [85]–[91] above). For
the same reasons, we would have been prepared to grant Oriental an extension
of time pursuant to s 392(4)(_d_) of the Companies Act.

110 In any event, since granting Oriental an extension of time pursuant to the
Rules of Court to file its proof of debt would not cause any prejudice to
either the rest of the Scheme Creditors or Reliance, we do not see how these
parties would suffer any “substantial injustice” within the meaning of s
392(6)(_c_) of the Companies Act if we were to allow, in the alternative, the
extension of time under s 392(4)(_d_) of that Act. We therefore held that s
392(4)(_d_) would be of avail to Oriental in the present case.

**Conclusion**

111 Considering para 1.7 of the Explanatory Statement and cl 2.1 of the Scheme
of Compromise and Arrangement (see [7] above), it was clear beyond
peradventure that the unmistakeable objective of the Scheme was to ensure
accelerated _full payment_ to all the Scheme Creditors. Given the fact that
Reliance had _prima facie_ not only acknowledged Oriental as a legitimate
creditor, but had also sought as well as obtained the latter’s support as a
majority creditor, was it not plainly consistent with the Scheme’s declared
intent and purport to grant Oriental an extension of time to file its proof of
debt so that its claim could be processed? Reliance’s stance in relying on a
barren procedural obstacle (namely, Oriental’s failure to file its proof of
debt by the Claims Cut-Off Date), which would not in the overall scheme of
things prejudice the implementation of the Scheme, to reject (effectively)
Oriental’s claim was unmeritorious, to say the least. In the result, we
allowed Oriental’s appeal with costs here, but not below (we ordered each
party to bear its own costs of the proceedings in the court below), and
granted Oriental an extension of time until 5.00pm on 22 January 2008 to file
its proof of debt.

  

* * *

[note: 1] See para 20 of Reliance’s written submissions filed on 11 October
2007 for the hearing of Oriental’s application for an extension of time to
file its proof of debt.

[note: 2] See para 9 of Oriental’s skeletal arguments filed on 2 January 2008
for this appeal.

[note: 3] See p 10 of Reliance’s skeletal arguments filed on 10 January 2008
for this appeal.

[note: 4] See para 49 of Reliance’s written case filed on 27 December 2007 for
this appeal.

[note: 5] See paras 27–28 of Oriental’s skeletal arguments filed on 2 January
2008 for this appeal.

[note: 6] See n 4, _supra_.

[note: 7] See para 59 of Reliance’s skeletal arguments filed on 10 January
2008 for this appeal.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 21 Apr 2008 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

