Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Chip Hup Hup Kee Construction Pte Ltd v Lim Lian Choon  
[2008] SGHC 227

Case Number | : | Suit 165/2007, SUM 2204/2008  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 02 December 2008  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Kan Ting Chiu J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Ling Daw Hoang Philip and Hwa Hoon Luan (Wong Tan & Molly Lim LLC) for the plaintiff; Khoo Boo Teck Randolph, Loo Teck Lee Johnson and Chew Ching Li (Drew & Napier LLC) for the defendant   
Parties | : |  Chip Hup Hup Kee Construction Pte Ltd — Lim Lian Choon   
  
Civil Procedure  
  

2 December 2008 |   
---|---  
  
Kan Ting Chiu J:

1 This is a judgment on an application to amend pleadings made in the course
of a hearing. The plaintiff in the proceedings, Chip Hup Hup Kee Construction
Pte Ltd is a construction company. The defendant, Lim Lian Choon was a former
employee of the plaintiff. He was first employed as the Site Foreman and then
as the Plant and Machinery Manager of the plaintiff until his employment was
terminated on 30 November 2006.

2 The plaintiff claimed that the defendant had breached his duties as an
employee. The breaches came under three heads, that he:

(a) misappropriated the plaintiff’s charges;

(b) failed to keep records and exercise proper custody, care and control over
the plaintiff’s plant and machinery which were entrusted to him; and

(c) failed to account to the plaintiff for monies he received from the
disposal of the plaintiff’s plant and machinery.

3 As the amendment now under appeal relates to head (c), I will set out the
relevant paras of the Statement of Claim:

17\. In the course of the Defendant’s employment as Site Foreman and Plant and
Machinery Manager of the Plaintiffs, the Defendant was also responsible for
the disposal of the Plaintiffs’ scrap metal and was under a duty and
obligation to account to the Plaintiffs for any proceeds received therefrom.

19\. Todate, of the said sum of $86,069.00 received by the Defendant, the
Defendant has not accounted to the Plaintiffs for the sum of $44,508.70. By
reason thereof, the Plaintiffs have suffered loss and damage.

4 The defendant denied the plaintiff’s claims and counterclaimed that his
employment was wrongfully terminated.

5 In response to the Counterclaim, the plaintiff filed a Reply and Defence to
Counterclaim on 17 May 2007 where it asserted in para 11 that it was justified
in terminating the defendant’s employment on the grounds, _inter alia_ :

c. The Defendant had failed to account for and/or take proper control, care
and/or custody of all plant and machinery belonging to the Plaintiffs which
were entrusted to him …

d. The Defendant had failed to account to the Plaintiffs for the monies
received by the Defendant for the disposal of the Plaintiffs’ plant and
machinery …[note: 1]

6 The amendment to which the appeal relates was to add a sub-para (e):

e. The Defendant had on or about 11 November 2006, without the knowledge,
authority and/or consent of the Plaintiffs, wrongfully removed or caused or
arranged to be removed from the Plaintiffs’ worksite at Toa Payoh RC30 2 units
of Diesel Bar Benders and 1 unit of Bar Cutter, and disposed of the same or
caused or arranged for the same to be disposed of as scrap at the total price
of S$2,000. The Defendant has to-date failed to pay and/or account to the
Plaintiffs for any of the proceeds of such disposal. By reason of the
Defendant’s wrongful and criminal acts, a police report (no. D20070605/2093)
was filed on behalf of the Plaintiffs against the Defendant, as a consequence
of which the Defendant was charged with one count of theft as servant under
Section 381 of the Penal Code (Chapter 224), which matter is still pending in
the Subordinate Courts.

and to re-number the sub-paras which followed.

7 The application to amend was filed on 20 May 2008 after evidence of the
criminal proceedings against the defendant came out in the course of the re-
examination of Neo Kok Eng (“NKE”), the Managing Director of the plaintiff on
30 April 2008. When he was questioned on the disposal of three units of bar
benders and bar cutter which took place on 11 November 2006, he said:

Some time around February March 2007, when we needed these three machinery at
the site, we went down to do a stock take and found them missing. We checked
with the site supervisor as to where had the machinery gone to.

The site supervisor told our accounts clerk that Cheong Machinery had actually
taken away the three machinery. So we approached the boss of Cheong Machinery
and asked him what had happened, whether we had sent the machines for
servicing. And the boss informed me that no, actually Lim Lian Choon had sold
these three machines as scrap. I asked him what was the purchase price and he
said 2,000, and in fact Lim Lian Choon didn’t return this 2,000 dollars to
Chip Hup Hup Kee.

We made a police report in regard to this matter. AGC is suing him. He is now
out on bail of $6,000.[note: 2]

8 The plaintiff did not know of the disposal of the equipment till June 2007,
whereupon a police report was made. The police report was made on 5 June 2007
by an employee of the plaintiff, Khoo Choon Yean. A copy of the report was
exhibited in NKE’s affidavit filed in support of the application, together
with a copy of the plaintiff’s solicitors’ letter dated 27 June 2007 to the
defendant’s solicitors informing them of the discovery. The police report and
the letter showed that the discovery was made after the Reply and Defence to
Counterclaim was filed on 17 May 2007.

9 Mr Khoo, counsel for the defendant did not object when NKE spoke of the
transaction and the criminal proceedings. I asked if there was a specific head
of claim for the $2,000, and was informed by Mr Ling, counsel for the
plaintiff, that the plaintiff was seeking an account of the plant and
equipment disposed of. Following that exchange, Mr Khoo argued that the
disposal of the bar benders and bar cutter was not pleaded as a ground for the
termination of the defendant’s employment[note: 3] and Mr Ling reiterated that
the point was already covered in para 11(c) and (d) of the Reply and Defence
to Counterclaim, and objected to the evidence.

10 That first tranche of the hearing ended on 2 May 2008. Before the second
tranche of hearing commenced on 6 October 2008, the plaintiff applied to amend
its Statement of Claim and Reply to Defence and Counterclaim. There were two
amendments involved. The first was to state the defendant was appointed the
plaintiff’s Plant and Machinery Manager after his initial appointment as Site
Foreman. There was no objection to this amendment. The second amendment was
the amendment set out in [6] hereof, which the defendant objected to.

11 When the application came on for hearing before me on 25 June 2008, Mr Ling
submitted that the plaintiff had pleaded in para 11(c) and (d) of the Reply
and Defence to Counterclaim that the defendant had failed to account for
monies received from the plaintiff’s plant and machinery. As the disposal of
the bar benders and bar cutter was discovered after the Reply and Defence to
Counterclaim was filed, the plaintiff could not have referred to it. In his
affidavit filed in support of the application, NKE stated that the amendment
was sought for the sake of good order and clarity, for the sale and the
proceeds of the sale of the bar benders and bar cutter to be treated as a part
of the plaintiff’s defence to the counterclaim.

12 The disposal of those items had been a matter of contention between the
parties. The solicitors for the parties were in correspondence in June and
July 2007 where the transaction was specifically brought up and allegations
and denials were exchanged. On the evidence, it was clear that the transaction
came within the general scope of para 11(c) and (d) of the Reply and Defence
to Counterclaim.

13 The defendant always knew that the disposal of the equipment was a serious
issue. He deposed in his affidavit filed in opposition of the application that
criminal proceedings have been instituted against him in DAC No 15743/2008 and
the case was fixed for hearing on 11 to 14 August 2008. (The criminal case had
begun but had not ended at the present time as far as I am informed.)

14 He opposed the application to amend on the ground that “(i)t is too late
for amendments to be allowed in the middle of trial in respect of matters
apparent to the Plaintiffs a long time ago.”[note: 4]

15 Three cases were cited and relied on by Mr Khoo. The first is _Goh Kim Hai
Edward v Pacific Can Investment Holdings Ltd_ [1996] 2 SLR 109 (“ _Goh v
Pacific Can_ ”). This is also a case for wrongful dismissal. In this case, the
plaintiff was dismissed as director and group managing director of the
defendant company. The defendant company justified his dismissal on the ground
that the plaintiff was in breach of his fiduciary duty. The defendant company
relied on the fact that the plaintiff had not disclosed that he had been
removed as a director of a company associated with the defendant company,
although the non-disclosure had not been specifically pleaded by the
defendant.

16 The judge, Judith Prakash J noted (at 139 G):

The difficulty that arises is whether the above finding in fact aids the
defendants. Although, as I stated earlier, they submitted that they were
entitled to dismiss him based on such non-disclosure alone, _they did not
specifically plead the non-disclosure as a defence._

and added that (at 139 I-140 B):

Nowhere in the defence is such an allegation made expressly and it would be
wrong for me to read additional meanings into the pleading. The defendants
chopped and changed their defence many times in the two years before the
action came to trial. The allegation of a deliberate concealment of material
information was in the defence from the very beginning. Yet at no time did the
defendants expand that allegation to an assertion of breach of fiduciary duty.
The defendants, having had and taken so many opportunities to change their
stand, must be held strictly to their pleaded case. Thus in my opinion _since
this particular breach of duty was not expressly pleaded, the defendants
cannot now rely on it._

[Emphasis added]

17 There is a significant difference between _Goh v Pacific Can_ and the
present case. In _Goh v Pacific Can_ , the defendant was relying on a matter
that was not pleaded. In the present case, the plaintiff was seeking to
include the transaction in the pleadings.

18 The second case cited was _Abdul Razak Valibhoy v Keppel Investment
Management Ltd_ [2002] SGHC 236 (_“Valibhoy v Keppel”_). In that case, the
plaintiff had engaged the defendant, which carried on the business of
professional investment managers. He sued the defendant for failing to
discharge its duties to him. The plaintiff applied to amend the Further &
Better Particulars to his Statement of Claim on the second day of the trial.
Belinda Ang Saw Ean JC refused the application and explained at [85]:

In my view it was too late for the amendments to be made. The court is
normally slow to allow amendments at the trial stage in respect of matters
apparent to the Plaintiff a long time ago. See _The Supreme Court Practice
1999 vol. 1_ 20/8/11 _; Hong Leong Finance Ltd v Famco (S) Pte Ltd_ [1992] 2
SLR 1108.The proposed amendments came from the Offering Circular that was
discovered in December 2001. The Plaintiff had this document in his own list
of documents before [the defendant] gave discovery. _Mr. Valibhoy admitted
receiving from Citibank NA a copy each of the Offering Circular and Bloomberg
Report dated 27 July 1995 before he filed his claim._ Like the defendants in
_Goh Kim Hai v Pacific Can Investment Holdings Ltd_ [1996] 2 SLR 109, the
Plaintiff has had many opportunities to put forward his case so much so that
he must be held strictly to what has been previously stated.

[Emphasis added]

19 The learned judge also considered the effect of the proposed amendment and
found at [86] that:

The amendments, if allowed, would cause injustice to [the plaintiff] who would
have to defend what would essentially be _a different case based on
negligence_. If the amendments were allowed, [the plaintiff] would have to be
afforded an opportunity to prepare and call witnesses to challenge the
Plaintiffs on these allegations which happened some seven years ago. That in
turn would have necessitated vacating the trial. It did not seem right to
allow that to happen at so late a stage especially when the amendments sought
by the Plaintiff were previously requested but refused.

[Emphasis added]

20 _Valibhoy v Keppel_ is also distinguishable from the present case. The
plaintiff in the present case had pleaded that the defendant had disposed of
its property in breach of his fiduciary duties, and was seeking to refer to a
specific wrongful transaction. It was not seeking to put up a different case
by the amendment, as the plaintiff in that case was doing. Unlike the
plaintiff in _Valibhoy v Keppel_ , the plaintiff in the present case did not
have the information on the disposal of the three items from the start, and
the application to amend was filed within three weeks from the time Mr Khoo
objected to the evidence, during a break in the hearing.

21 The third case Mr Khoo cited is _Mohammed Anuar Bin Abdul Jalil v Chin
Choon Company (Pte) Limited_ [2002] SGDC 343, a decision of the District Court
in which the plaintiff, a clerk of works in a construction project was
dismissed by his employer sued for wrongful termination. At the trial, the
defendant contended that there were valid reasons for the plaintiff’s
employment. One of the reasons given was the plaintiff’s failure to submit
omission reports on works, material and goods on time. Although this reason
was stated in the letter of termination, it was not pleaded by the defendant
in its Defence and Counterclaim.

22 Counsel referred to two paragraphs from District Judge Laura Lau Chin Yui’s
judgment where she held:

30 It is trite law that pleadings serve to notify the court of the issues
which it will be asked to adjudicate upon. They serve to set the scope and
chart the course of the action; it is the pleading process and not the court
that sets the perimeters of the dispute. In _Multi-Pak Singapore Pte Ltd (in
receivership) v Intraco Ltd & Ors_ [1992] 2 SLR 793, Selvam J C (as he then
was), was mindful of the binding effect of pleadings when he adopted the
proposition that "the court may not make a finding or give a decision based on
the facts not pleaded and a finding or decision or made will be set aside"
(affirmed by the Court of Appeal in the same case: [1993] 2 SLR 113). The case
of _Goh Kim Hai Edward v Pacific Can Investment Holdings Ltd_ [1996] 2 SLR 109
emphasises the importance of pleading all material facts and a party who fails
to take the opportunity to do so must bear the consequences that befall him. …

31 In the present case, there is nothing in the Defence and Counterclaim from
which the allegation of misconduct by failure to submit the omissions list in
a timely fashion can be gleaned. Applying the principles stated in the
preceding paragraph, [the defendant] is precluded from relying on this
allegation and the court which is bound to decide on the issues on the record,
is not entitled to make any findings on this unpleaded point. Whilst it is
noted that [the plaintiff] was not taken by surprise and has not objected to
the omission to plead or to the admission of the evidence on this unpleaded
point, I am unable to depart from the fundamental rule which imposes on judges
the duty to strictly decide a case upon and only upon the issues raised in the
pleadings. Otherwise, the rule which declares that a party is bound by its
pleadings will be rendered meaningless. _[The defendant] could have cured the
defect in their pleadings by making an application to amend_ their Defence and
Counterclaim to include this aspect of [the plaintiff’s] alleged misconduct.
_No such application was made. [The defendant] must abide by the consequences
of their omission._ By their failure to plead, [the defendant] cannot rely on
[the plaintiff’s] alleged failure to submit the omissions list in a timely
manner as a ground justifying the termination of his employment. It follows
that [the plaintiff’s] claim for one month's salary in lieu of notice cannot
be defeated on this ground.

[Emphasis added]

23 It is to be noted that the District Judge declined to rule on the alleged
misconduct because it was not pleaded and the defendant did not amend its
defence to include that allegation on the failure to submit omission reports
on time. The plaintiff in the present case was doing exactly what the District
Judge said the defendant in that case should have done, _i.e._ to amend and
include the specific allegation.

24 In the light of the pronouncements in the cases, the plaintiff was correct
in seeking to amend its Reply and Defence to Counterclaim to refer to the
disposal of the bar benders and bar cutter. The question is whether the
plaintiff should be allowed to amend.

25 The common law rule relating to wrongful dismissal is that provided good
case for dismissal in fact existed, it is immaterial whether or not it was
known to the employee at the time of dismissal: _Halsbury’s Laws of England_
vol 16(1B) Fourth Edn Reissue at para 619. In _Goh v Pacific Can_ , Prakash J
referred to this rule at 116 H-J. Against this backdrop, the plaintiff was
entitled to refer to and rely on the transaction to justify the termination of
the defendant’s employment.

26 Was the amendment application for that purpose made too late? It was not
prohibited by the Rules of Court. Under O 20 r 5, a party may amend its
pleadings at any stage of the proceedings with the leave of the Court. In
deciding whether to allow an amendment, all relevant factors should be
considered, including the nature and effect of the amendment, the conduct and
interests of each party, and the fair and efficient disposal of cases.

27 After taking into account the following factors:

(a)  a general assertion of failure to account for the disposal of the
plaintiff’s plant and machinery was already pleaded, and the effect of the
amendment sought was to refer to a particular incident of failure;

(b) the disposal of the bar benders and bar cutter was discovered after the
Reply and Defence to Counterclaim was filed on 17 May 2007;

(c) the application to amend was made within three weeks of the plaintiff
having notice that the admission of the evidence on the disposal of these
items was objected to;

(d) the disposal of the bar benders and bar cutter was a matter of dispute
between the parties;

(e) the defendant had prepared and set his position on the disposal of the bar
benders and bar cutter in the on-going criminal proceedings; and

(f) the defendant had the time and opportunity to prepare and present his
response to the new para 11(e) because the amendment was made when the hearing
of the case was adjourned (and this was evident when hearing resumed after the
amendment was made),

I granted the plaintiff’s application to amend.

_________________

[note: 1]Reply and Defence to Counterclaim (Amendment No.1) para 11

[note: 2]Notes of Evidence 30 April 2008, page 69 line 25 to page 70 line 16

[note: 3]Notes of Evidence 30 April 2008, page 108 lines 11-13

[note: 4]Defendant’s Skeletal Arguments para 2.1

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 02 Dec 2008 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

