Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Orix Leasing Singapore Ltd v Koh Mui Hoe and Others  
[2008] SGHC 212

Case Number | : | Suit 740/2006  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 17 November 2008  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Judith Prakash J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Prem Gurbani and Bernard Yee (Gurbani & Co) for the plaintiffs; Justin Phua Hoon Chong (Justin Phua Tan & Partners) for the first and second defendants; Chung Ping Shen (HA & Chung Partnership) for the third and fourth defendants   
Parties | : |  Orix Leasing Singapore Ltd — Koh Mui Hoe; Ink Trading Pte Ltd; Kenzone Logistics Pte Ltd; Tat Seng Machine Movers Pte Ltd   
  
Tort – Conversion  
  

17 November 2008 |  Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Judith Prakash J:

Background

1 This is the second action for conversion commenced by the plaintiff, Orix
Leasing Singapore Limited, in respect of its dealings with a company called
Rav Graphic Pte Ltd (“RGPL”). The first action was Suit No 739 of 2006 (“suit
739”).

2 The plaintiff is in the business of acquiring and letting out heavy
machinery on hire purchase terms. In 2005, the plaintiff acquired three
machines which it subsequently hired out to RGPL. There were three separate
hire purchase agreements, one for each of the machines. These were,
respectively, a Heidelberg 4 Colour Offset Press machine bearing serial number
627179 (the “Heidelberg 4C”), a Mitsubishi 4-Color Sheetfed Offset Press (the
“Mitsubishi 4C”) and a Mitsubishi 5-Color Sheetfed Offset Press (the
“Mitsubishi 5C”). This action concerns the Heidelberg 4C whilst suit 739
concerned the Mitsubishi 4C.

3 In September 2006, the plaintiff discovered that all three machines had been
removed from RGPL's premises, without the plaintiff’s knowledge or consent.
The plaintiff subsequently learned that RGPL, acting through its director, Tan
Kim Seng Crispian (“Crispian Tan”), had unlawfully sold these machines to
third parties.

4 This action was commenced in November 2006 and by it the plaintiff sought to
make four different parties responsible for conversion of the Heidelberg 4C.
The second defendant was Ink Trading Pte Ltd (“IPTL”), a Singapore company
carrying on business as a dealer in printing machinery, and the first
defendant, Koh Mui Hoe (“Mr Koh”), is a director of and the moving spirit
behind IPTL. The other two defendants, Kenzone Logistics Pte Ltd (“Kenzone”)
and Tat Seng Machine Movers Pte Ltd (“Tat Seng”), are companies in the
logistics business in Singapore.

5 The plaintiff’s statement of claim was quite straightforward. The material
paragraphs read as follows:

5\. On a date unknown to the Plaintiffs, but sometime in August/September
2006, the 1st Defendant acting on his own or as a director of the 2nd
Defendants unlawfully caused the machine to be removed from Rav Graphic’s
premises at 50 Toh Guan Road East, #02-01, Quek Industrial Building, Singapore
608587 by arranging with the 3rd Defendants and/or the 4th Defendants to do
so.

6\. The 3rd Defendants and/or the 4th Defendants then proceeded to remove the
machine from Rav Graphic’s premises and delivered the same to persons unknown.

7\. In the premises, the 1st, 2nd, 3rd and 4th Defendants have converted the
machine to their own use.

6 This action and suit 739 were heard before me at the same time. Suit 739 was
originally commenced against four defendants who included IPTL and Mr Koh. In
the course of the proceedings, however, the plaintiff dropped its claim
against the other defendants and proceeded only against IPTL and Mr Koh. In
this action, in the course of the trial, the plaintiff dropped its claim
against IPTL and Mr Koh and proceeded only against Kenzone and Tat Seng. Many
of the witnesses were common to both actions. By an order of court made on 15
November 2007, the parties were given leave to use the evidence adduced in
suit 739 for the present action and _vice versa_. Since only Kenzone and Tat
Seng remained as defendants at the end of the trial, in this judgment when I
refer to the defendants without further specification, I should be taken as
referring to only Kenzone and Tat Seng.

The issues

7 In the course of the trial, the plaintiff applied to amend its statement of
claim to delete the allegation in para 5 of the statement of claim that IPTL
and Mr Koh had arranged with Kenzone and Tat Seng to remove the machine from
RGPL's premises. To replace that allegation, para 6 of the statement of claim
was amended to read:

6\. Further or in the alternative, the 3rd Defendants and/or the 4th
Defendants removed the machine from Rav Graphic’s premises on or about 31
August 2006 and delivered the same to persons unknown.

Thus the averment was that Kenzone and Tat Seng had acted independently of Mr
Koh and IPTL but had still converted the machine because they had removed it
from the premises and delivered it to unknown persons.

8 Kenzone and Tat Seng were represented by the same lawyer but filed separate
defences. The basic tack taken by each of them was the same. They accepted
that they had been involved in transporting the Heidelberg 4C from RGPL's
premises but denied that such actions made them liable to the plaintiff in
conversion. They said they were simply transporters: they had taken the
Heidelberg 4C from RGPL and had returned it to RGPL. Therefore, the acts
carried out by them were ministerial in nature and they could not be held
responsible for the loss of the Heidelberg 4C.

9 In their closing submissions, the defendants summarised their case as
follows:

(a) the plaintiff had not proven, on a balance of probabilities, that the
defendants had converted the Heidelberg 4C to their own use;

(b) the defendants had proven, on a balance of probabilities, that their acts
of carriage or storage of the Heidelberg 4C were merely ministerial and/or
were performed in good faith and without notice of its true ownership; and

(c) the defendants had also proven, on a balance of probabilities, that they
had returned the Heidelberg 4C to RGPL, the ostensible owner, as represented
by Crispian Tan, and in so doing had acted only ministerially by changing the
position of the machine but not the property in the machine.

10 The defendants submitted that the material issues before the court are as
follows:

(a) Whether the defendants had acted in good faith in their acts of carriage
and storage of the machine;

(b) Whether the defendants had notice of the true ownership of the machine;

(c) Whether the defendants had acted ministerially; and

(d) Whether the defendants handed the machine back to the apparent owner,
RGPL.

11 The defendants formulated their issues on the basis of the holding of the
English Court of Appeal in the case of _Marcq v Christie Manson & Woods Ltd_
(trading as “ _Christie’s_ ”) [2003] WLR 980 (“ _Christie’s_ case”). The
plaintiff there was the owner of an oil painting which had been stolen from
his house in 1979. Some eighteen years later, in 1997, the defendants, a firm
of auctioneers, took possession of the painting from a prospective seller, S,
who instructed them to sell it at auction. The defendants put the painting up
for auction but it was not purchased and they thereafter returned it to S. The
plaintiff sued the defendants claiming damages for conversion and bailment.
The English Court of Appeal upheld the dismissal of the action by the trial
judge on the basis, _inter alia_ , that an auctioneer who accepted goods for
sale in good faith and without notice of their true ownership would be liable
for conversion to the true owner if he sold and delivered the goods to a
buyer, since that would involve interfering with the title or ownership of the
goods, but if he returned them unsold to the prospective seller he acted only
ministerially by changing the position of the goods, not the property in them,
and therefore would not be liable in conversion.

12 The judgment of the court was delivered by Tuckey LJ. In the course of his
judgment, his Lordship quoted Lord Nicholls of Birkenhead’s summary, in
_Kuwait Airways Corpn v Iraqi Airways Co_ [2002] 2 AC 883 (“ _Kuwait Airways_
”), of the three essential features of the tort of conversion, _viz_ , that
the defendant’s conduct must be inconsistent with the rights of the owner,
second that the conduct must be deliberate and third that the conduct must be
so extensive an encroachment on the right of the true owner as to exclude him
from use and possession of the goods. Tuckey LJ pointed out that in
_Christie’s_ case, it was the third feature that gave rise to the plaintiff’s
argument that the defendants were liable in conversion having regard to the
extent of their encroachment on the plaintiff’s right as owner of the
painting. He then went on to cite the case of _Consolidated Co v Curtis & Son_
[1892] 1 QB 495, a case of an auctioneer who had sold and delivered goods
which were the subject of a bill of sale. It was held that an auctioneer who
sells and delivers is liable because he is acting more than a mere broker or
intermediary. Commenting on this judgment, Tuckey LJ (at p 989) emphasised the
point that it is interference with the title or ownership of the chattel which
counts for conversion. His conclusion, after completing an examination of the
relevant authorities, was that (at p 991):

24\. … an auctioneer who receives goods from their apparent owner and simply
redelivers them to him when they are unsold is not liable in conversion
provided he has acted in good faith and without knowledge of any adverse claim
to them. … The auctioneer intends to sell and if he does so will incur
liability if he delivers the goods to the buyer. But his intention does not
make him liable; it is what he does in relation to the goods which determines
liability. Mere receipt of the goods does not amount to conversion. In
receiving the goods from and redelivering them to their apparent owner the
auctioneer in such a case has only acted ministerially. He has in the event
merely changed the position of the goods and not the property in them.

13 The defendants submitted that the decision reached in _Christie’s_ case was
a crystallisation of the principles laid down by the line of authorities
derived from the “agents’ cases”. In this respect, counsel cited paragraph
17-71 of _Clerk & Lindsell on Torts_ (Sweet & Maxwell, 19th Ed, 2006) which
states as follows:

**17-71** **Agent not intending to alter property**. If an agent intermeddles
merely with the custody of a chattel in ignorance of his principal’s lack of
title and also in ignorance that any alteration of property is intended, he is
not guilty of a conversion.

“The true proposition as to possession and detention and asportation seems to
me to be, that a possession or detention which is mere custody or mere
asportation made without reference to the question of the property in goods or
chattels is not a conversion.”

On this principle a forwarding agent who packs and ships goods does not render
himself liable because his employer had no title, apparently because his act
is so purely ministerial that, if performed in good faith and without notice,
no presumption of a conversion can be raised therefrom.

14 The plaintiff asserted that the court had to be guided by the principles as
declared in _Kuwait Airways_. Its position was straightforward. It said in
effect: “I am the owner of the machine. You took the machine away from where
it was kept and did so without my authority. The machine disappeared
thereafter and has not been found. You had it and you have to prove that you
did not convert it”. That is no doubt correct. However, there is a long line
of cases re-affirmed in _Christie’s_ _case_ that dealing with goods without
changing the property in them will not amount to conversion whatever the
authority of the person giving instructions to the dealer was. The limitation
on this principle is that the dealer must have acted in good faith and without
knowledge of the adverse claim. On this basis, there is essentially one issue
for me to decide and that is whether the defendants’ account of how they
handled the machine and acted in good faith has been proven to be true on a
balance of probabilities. If so, then they would have established that their
actions were purely ministerial and thus they cannot be made liable for
conversion.

The defendants’ account

15 The following persons gave evidence for the defendants:

(a) Crispian Tan;

(b) Heng Khim Soon (“Mr Heng”), a director of Kenzone;

(c) Yap Leng Huat, known to everyone as Mark Yap, Kenzone’s operational
manger;

(d) Leu Sin Chan (“Mr Leu”), Kenzone’s operations supervisor;

(e) Siew Shu Ping (“Ms Siew”), a manager of Tat Seng who is also the daughter
of its managing director, Siew Kian Nam;

(f) Then Chiew Nyet (“Ms Then”), a member of Tat Seng’s administrative staff;
and

(g) Lim Beng Young, also known as Colin Lim, a director of a company called
Hock Cheong Transport Co (Singapore) Pte Ltd (“Hock Cheong”).

16 In this account of what happened according to the defendants, I will be
summarising their stories as they appear from the affidavits of evidence-in-
chief which their witnesses filed.

17 Prior to August 2006, RGPL was carrying on its printing business at
premises in Quek Industrial Building in Toh Guan Road East. All its printing
machines, including the three that it had hired from the plaintiff were
located there. According to Crispian Tan, between 2004 and 2006, he had on
occasion used the services of Kenzone to transport RGPL’s finished goods to
its customers but he had not used Kenzone to transport machines or heavy
equipment. He had no dealings at all with Tat Seng during this period.

18 In August 2006, Crispian Tan was looking for contractors to transport
RGPL’s machines and equipment from its existing premises to new premises at
Bendemeer Road. According to the correspondence he produced, he had agreed
with RGPL’s landlord that RGPL would vacate its premises at Quek Industrial
Building no later than 31 August 2006. In the meantime, RGPL had secured a
tenancy of premises at Blk 994, Bendemeer Road. According to the letter of
offer from the landlord, JTC, the new lease was to commence on 10 September
2006.

19 According to Crispian Tan, in early August 2006, he approached Mr Heng of
Kenzone to help him shift RGPL’s office furniture and equipment, and its raw
material and finished goods from Quek Industrial Building to the new premises
in Bendemeer Road. Mr Heng agreed and deputed Mark Yap to handle the job.
After inspecting the premises, Mark Yap gave Crispian Tan a quotation. It was
agreed that the cost of the services would depend on the number of trips that
Kenzone had to run to complete the move. Crispian Tan told Mark Yap that the
move had to be completed prior to 31 August 2006 as the lease was expiring.
Eventually, 12 trips were carried out between 19 August 2006 and 30 August
2006 and the total bill came up to about $2,961.50.

20 In suit 739, Crispian Tan had asserted that one Mr Mani, a Malaysian
Indian, had purchased the Mitsubishi 4C from him in March 2006. In this
action, Crispian Tan said that Mr Mani, accompanied by “an unidentified male
Chinese” visited RGPL again in August 2006 to inspect the Heidelberg 4C.
Thereafter, they negotiated and agreed on a sale price for the same. Crispian
Tan told Mr Mani that RGPL was handing over its premises by 31 August 2006 and
moving to new premises. As Mr Mani’s transporters would not be able to arrive
before that date, Crispian Tan agreed with Mr Mani that the latter would get
his men to dismantle the Heidelberg 4C whilst RGPL would arrange for the
removal of the machine to another place for storage until such time as Mr Mani
could arrange for its transportation. It was agreed that Mr Mani would pay a
deposit of 50% of the purchase price and the balance after delivery.

21 Crispian Tan then contacted Colin Lim from Hock Cheong and enquired whether
Hock Cheong had space to store RGPL’s machinery for about a week or so pending
his further instructions. He told Colin Lim that it would be a few pallets’
worth of goods. Colin Lim then confirmed that the machines could be stored in
Hock Cheong’s warehouse at Blk 1767, Geylang Bahru, Kallang Distripark.

22 On or about 26 August 2006, Crispian Tan asked Mark Yap whether he could
arrange for the transport of two machines to Hock Cheong’s premises. These
were the Heidelberg 4C and a smaller machine, known as a folding machine. His
boss, Mr Heng, told Mark Yap that Kenzone did not have the heavy lorries
needed to transport big machines and suggested that he approach specialist
movers of industrial machines for help. Mr Heng gave Mark Yap the names of
some possible sub-contractors. Tat Seng was one of these. Following Mark Yap’s
approach to Tat Seng on 28 August 2006, Siew Kian Nam and Ms Siew met Mark Yap
at RGPL’s premises to survey the two machines that had to be moved. Mark Yap
noticed that the Heidelberg 4C was “enormously huge and long in line …. it
looked like an assembly line in a factory”.

23 During the inspection, Mark Yap explained to the Siews that RGPL required
the machines to be moved to a warehouse at Kallang Distripark and needed to
carry out the move by 31 August 2006 at the latest. Ms Siew commented that
they were very familiar with the address as Tat Seng also had a storage area
in the same area and therefore it would not need to do a site survey. She also
said that the cost of transport would be lower since the destination was on
the ground floor. Later that day, Ms Then contacted Mark Yap and informed him
that Tat Seng would charge $3,500 for the move but would not carry out the
dismantling of the machines. Tat Seng could effect the transportation on 31
August 2006 but, since this was the first time it was dealing with either
Kenzone or RGPL, it required payment to be in cash. Mark Yap checked with
Crispian Tan who accepted the quotation and instructed him to go ahead.

24 On 31 August 2006, when Mark Yap arrived at RGPL's premises, he saw that
the Heidelberg 4C had been dismantled but was still resting in its original
position in the production area. Shortly thereafter loading of the two
machines (_ie_ , the Heidelberg 4C and the folding machine) began. Tat Seng
originally sent two lorries for the transportation but these proved
insufficient and in the afternoon a third lorry was despatched to help.
Altogether the loading took five to six hours and the machine parts had to be
loaded onto the three lorries with the help of the lorry cranes. By the time
the vehicles moved out of RGPL's premises, it was about 5pm.

25 At about 6pm that same evening, Mark Yap received a call from Tat Seng’s
driver, a man named Kenny. Kenny told him that the convoy had arrived at Hock
Cheong’s premises but that Colin Lim did not want to receive the cargo. Mark
Yap then spoke with Colin Lim and the latter stated that the machines were too
big and his warehouse did not have space for them. Colin Lim explained in his
affidavit that when the three trucks carrying the machines from RGPL arrived
at the front of his warehouse, he was present and it was immediately obvious
to him that the total load far exceeded the two pallets’ load which Crispian
Tan had told him about. He refused to accept the machine parts for storage. He
called Crispian Tan and told him that when he had agreed to the storage, he
was not expecting three truck loads of machine parts and could not accept them
due to insufficient space. Crispian Tan asked him to help but Colin Lim was
unable to do so and told him that an alternative space for the machines had to
be found.

26 Crispian Tan turned to Mark Yap for help again. The latter contacted Ms
Siew and asked her to see if Tat Seng could find any temporary storage space
for the machines for about a week. Half an hour later, Ms Siew informed Mark
Yap that Kenzone could store the machines at Tat Seng’s storage area which was
an open yard in Kallang Distripark. Mark Yap was concerned that the machines
might get wet if it rained. After consulting with her father, Ms Siew told him
that Tat Seng was prepared to store the smaller folding machine at its
warehouse at Blk 1050, Eunos Avenue 7, #01-147, Singapore 409581. As for the
Heidelberg 4C, the open yard storage area was the best that Tat Seng could
offer. He then asked her whether Tat Seng could cover the Heidelberg 4C with
canvass and mount it on pallets so as to raise it above the ground a little
and protect it from damage. She agreed.

27 Mark Yap contacted Crispian Tan immediately and explained the situation and
his discussions with Ms Siew to the latter. Crispian Tan told him that there
was no choice and asked him to proceed. Mark Yap conveyed this decision to Tat
Seng. Immediately thereafter, Ms Siew arranged for the trucks to unload the
Heidelberg 4C and its accessories at the open yard whilst the smaller machine
was taken back to her Eunos office cum warehouse.

28 Some time on 31 August 2006, Crispian Tan met with the unidentified Chinese
male who had made a trip to pay half the purchase price as previously agreed.

29 On 3 September 2006, Mr Mani called Crispian Tan and told him that his
transporters were ready and wanted to move the Heidelberg 4C on 4 September
2006. The next morning, Crispian Tan contacted Mark Yap and asked him to
inform Tat Seng that the machine was to be moved from its yard. Mark Yap duly
informed Ms Siew of the proposed move and said that payment of Tat Seng’s
charges would be made at the same time. Ms Siew responded that Tat Seng would
hand the machine back to RGPL that evening at 6pm.

30 At about 5pm on 4 September 2006, Crispian Tan met Mark Yap at Tat Seng’s
premises in Kallang Distripark. After checking that the Heidelberg 4C and the
various machines parts were in order, Crispian Tan handed cash of $3,500 to
Mark Yap for him to pay to Tat Seng. At about 6pm, two trailers came to pick
up the Heidelberg 4C. Crispian Tan personally supervised the loading of the
machine and its various parts onto the trailer and that, he said, was the last
time he ever saw the Heidelberg 4C. As far as the folding machine was
concerned, he contacted the financier who had given him the machine on hire
purchase and asked it to collect the folding machine from Tat Seng’s premises
as RGPL could no longer continue to service the hire purchase instalments.
Subsequently, the balance of the payment for the Heidelberg 4C was received by
Crispian Tan from the unidentified Chinese man.

31 According to her affidavit, after receiving Mark Yap’s call on 4 September
2006 about the redelivery, Ms Siew instructed her clerk Ms Then to prepare the
delivery orders for the two machines as Mark Yap was going to pay Tat Seng’s
charges that day. At about 7pm that evening, Mark Yap went to Tat Seng’s Eunos
office and settled the bill for the transportation by paying Ms Siew’s father
$3,500 in cash. He had, however, forgotten to take his company’s stamp with
him and he told Ms Siew that he would take the delivery orders back with him
so that they could be stamped and he would thereafter send them back to her.
According to Ms Siew, sometime on 20 October 2006, Mark Yap telephoned her and
apologised for misplacing the delivery orders. He asked her to fax him a copy
of the same so that he could chop them and sign them as he was also closing
Kenzone’s file on the transaction. Ms Siew agreed. She sent him the delivery
orders by fax and subsequently Tat Seng received them duly signed by Mark Yap
and stamped with Kenzone’s stamp.

32 Ms Then confirmed in her affidavit that she was the one who had prepared
the delivery orders. To the best of her recollection, sometime on 4 September
2006, she was instructed by Ms Siew to prepare the delivery orders as Mark Yap
was coming down to make payments. As the date of delivery was 31 August 2006,
Ms Then had drawn up the delivery orders using that date. At that time, she
knew that there were parts of the machine that had been stored in the Eunos
premises. She therefore drew up the two delivery orders to state that the
machines had been delivered to the Eunos address when, in actual fact, only
the folding machine was stored in the Eunos premises whilst the other one was
in the Kallang Distripark storage area. She said that the error was clearly
her mistake and it was made inadvertently as she did not know what machines Ms
Siew and Mark Yap were talking about. She was aware that Mark Yap went to the
Eunos office late in the evening on 4 September 2006 to pay the bill. However,
he did not bring his company stamp so he told the managing director that he
would send the delivery orders back to Tat Seng once the stamp had been
affixed on them.

33 Mark Yap also dealt with this issue of the delivery orders in his
affidavit. He said that when he had been asked on 4 September 2006 to sign Tat
Seng’s delivery orders, he told Ms Siew that he had forgotten to bring the
Kenzone company stamp with him. He promised her that he would either send or
fax back the delivery orders once he had had the documents stamped.
Subsequently, around 16 October 2006, Kenzone’s accounts department asked him
whether the RGPL job had been completed and whether the file was to be closed
for billing. It was then that he realised that he had not submitted the job
detail to the accounts department for them to prepare the bill because he had
totally forgotten about it. He immediately contacted Crispian Tan and after
working out the figure with him, Crispian Tan agreed to go to Kenzone’s
offices the next day to make payment.

34 On 17 October 2006, Crispian Tan met Mark Yap at Kenzone’s offices. Mark
Yap explained once again that there had been a total of 12 trips made, six
trips by six-tonne trucks and another six by ten-tonne trucks. Further,
Kenzone was charging RGPL for manpower supply plus the shifting cost of a
“strapping machine”. The total bill came up to $2,820 (excluding GST) and
Crispian Tan paid it in cash. Kenzone’s accounts department then printed out
an invoice and a copy of the invoice was given to Crispian Tan. On 20 October
2006, Mark Yap told Ms Siew that he had misplaced Tat Seng’s delivery orders
and asked for copies of the same. She agreed and he then signed and stamped
the delivery orders and returned them to her by fax.

35 Mark Yap further explained that between August and December 2006 he was
busy trying to get used to his operational duties and was preoccupied with
problems regarding a shortage of drivers and negotiations for a particular
project which Kenzone was trying to secure. Kenzone managed to secure this
project on 1 January 2007. Mark Yap stated that “on hindsight”, he “realised
that [he] had overlooked the billing to Rav Graphic during this period of
time”. Partly this was due to his relative inexperience in operational duties
and the time taken up by the new project. Furthermore, the RGPL job was a
relatively minor transportation job which was similar to the hundred of jobs
that he was overseeing on a daily basis and, once the job was done, he had
concentrated on the huge project for the other customer.

The plaintiff’s submissions

36 The plaintiff’s position was that the defendants’ stories as narrated above
were not true. In the plaintiff’s submission, RGPL never intended to engage
Kenzone to do the office shifting job, but in fact engaged them to dispose of
the Heidelberg 4C. The plaintiff did not accept that the defendants had simply
moved the machine from one place to another for RGPL and thereafter handed it
back to RGPL. In the plaintiff’s submission, both defendants knew or had
reason to believe that RGPL was not entitled to dispose of the Heidelberg 4C
and also, they did not simply act as mere transporters of the machine.

37 The plaintiff’s argument went as follows. First, it would have been unusual
for Mark Yap to have given RGPL a verbal quote for the office shifting job. Mr
Heng, Kenzone’s managing director, had testified that Kenzone’s procedure was
to issue a written quotation after surveying the job. Moreover, RGPL did not
issue any written acceptance of the alleged quote for the office shifting job.
According to Mr Heng, Kenzone’s normal procedure was to obtain the customer’s
confirmation of the quote given before proceeding with the job.

38 Second, the invoice identified by Mark Yap as being Kenzone’s invoice for
the office shifting job was not a genuine invoice. While Mark Yap asserted
this invoice was generated when Crispian Tan voluntarily showed up at
Kenzone’s office on 17 October 2006 to pay Kenzone’s bill, Crispian Tan’s
affidavit was completely silent on this alleged meeting on 17 October 2006 and
the alleged payment made by him. In any event, the invoice was not admissible
because the maker of the document was not called to prove the invoice. Mark
Yap initially claimed that he was the maker of the invoice but, according to
the plaintiff, he subsequently conceded that he was not.

39 Third, there was no evidence that Kenzone was engaged by RGPL to carry out
the office shifting job: there was no written quotation, acceptance, delivery
order(s), invoice or receipt for the alleged job. The alleged invoice was
generated entirely to create the façade that Kenzone was engaged to shift
RGPL’s office. This façade had to be created because Kenzone knew that RGPL
was not entitled to dispose of the Heidelberg 4C and disposal of this machine
was why Crispian Tan had contacted Kenzone. Crispian Tan knew that Kenzone had
the capability to do this.

40 Fourth, Mr Heng had confirmed in court that Kenzone could arrange for its
sub-contractors to move large machines. According to Mr Heng too, Crispian Tan
had contacted him personally to discuss the shifting of the Heidelberg 4C.
There was no need for Crispian Tan to contact Kenzone’s managing director
simply to move the Heidelberg 4C from one location to another. According to Mr
Heng, this sort of single trip transportation was usually handled by the
operations supervisor. Thus the transportation of the Heidelberg 4C must have
been more than simply moving the machine from one location to another.

41 Fifth, in court, Crispian Tan had denied that he instructed Kenzone to
shift the Heidelberg 4C when he first contacted Mr Heng because, he said, he
had already secured a buyer, namely Mr Mani. This assertion was, however,
inconsistent with paragraph 32 of Crispian Tan’s affidavit where he had stated
that he was only contacted by Mr Mani _after_ he had instructed Kenzone to
carry out the office shift. According to the affidavit, therefore, at the time
Crispian Tan first contacted Mr Mr Heng, he did not yet have a buyer for the
Heidelberg 4C and would have had to shift the machines out of RGPL’s premises.
Moreover RGPL’s production supervisor, Chua Soon Meng (“Mr Chua”), had
testified that he only saw Mr Mani once in Singapore and that was when he had
handed over the Mitsubishi 5C to Mr Mani sometime in May 2006.

42 Sixth, no written quotation was generated by Kenzone for the shifting of
the Heidelberg 4C. That was unusual because, according to Mark Yap, quotations
were usually generated and printed out from the company’s computers. In fact,
Mark Yap had said that even when he gave a verbal quotation, he would jot down
the quote and pass a note to the accounts department for them to enter the
data into the office computers for the purpose of generating an invoice later.
The lack of written confirmation for the job from RGPL was also unusual
because Kenzone’s normal procedure was to obtain written confirmation before
proceeding with the job.

43 Kenzone had tried to explain why no delivery order had been issued for the
Heidelberg 4C. Mr Heng had said that when Kenzone sub-contracted a
transportation job to a sub-contractor (in this case, Tat Seng), Kenzone would
not issue a delivery order on which the recipient could acknowledge receipt of
the goods, but would expect the sub-contractor to do so. Even if that was
Kenzone’s normal procedure, in this case when Kenzone realised that Tat Seng
had not issued a delivery order for the Heidelberg 4C, Kenzone ought to have
issued one itself, otherwise Kenzone would not have any document to prove that
it had taken the Heidelberg 4C from RGPL and subsequently delivered it back to
RGPL. It was also unusual that RGPL would allow Kenzone to take the Heidelberg
4C without insisting that Kenzone acknowledge taking custody of the machine.
The unusual manner in which Kenzone allegedly dealt with RGPL in relation to
the Heidelberg 4C suggested that Kenzone’s involvement in the shifting of the
machine was not done in good faith.

44 Furthermore, Mr Heng, Colin Lim and Crispian Tan had failed to disclose in
their affidavits the crucial fact that they had known each other for many
years and that Mr Heng and Colin Lim frequently referred business to each
other’s companies. That explained why, after contacting Mr Heng, the next
person Crispian Tan allegedly contacted in relation to the Heidelberg 4C was
their mutual friend Colin Lim to ask him to store the machine. Given Kenzone’s
close business relationship with Hock Cheong, it would not be surprising if it
was Mr Heng who suggested that the machine be stored in Hock Cheong’s
premises.

45 Next, there were peculiarities in the alleged sub-contract between Kenzone
and Tat Seng. Tat Seng did not give Kenzone any written quotation in respect
of the job and Kenzone itself did not confirm in writing that it accepted Tat
Seng’s quotation. The insistence by Tat Seng that it be paid in cash was a
highly unusual condition. Kenzone, according to Mr Heng, had an annual
turnover of $4.5m. There would be no reason why Tat Seng would need to insist
on cash payments (and similarly no reason for Kenzone to agree to such a
condition) from a company of this size. Ms Siew had said that Tat Seng
insisted on cash payment because it wanted to insure that it was paid for the
job. That reason was illogical because, according to Ms Siew’s testimony in
court, the Heidelberg 4C was handed back to Crispian Tan before Tat Seng
collected payment. Once the machine was handed back, Tat Seng no longer had
any way of insuring that it would receive payment. The only plausible reason
why cash payment was insisted on was that the defendants wanted to hide the
transaction. This was also shown by the fact that neither of the defendants
issued any tax invoice or receipt for the payment received for the job even
though they were both required to do so by law since they were both GST-
registered enterprises.

46 The actions of the defendants after the plaintiff’s private investigator
started his investigations showed that they knew from the start that there was
something amiss with the shifting of the Heidelberg 4C. This investigator, a
man named Henry Tay, testified that he met Siew Kian Nam on 20 October 2006.
Before that, Henry Tay had already gone to Tat Seng’s premises once to
interview Siew Kian Nam but was told that he was not in. It was because Tat
Seng knew that Henry Tay would be questioning Siew Kian Nam about the shifting
of the Heidelberg 4C that Tat Seng attempted to create a paper trail for the
job by asking Kenzone on 20 October 2006 to sign and return the delivery
orders to them. These delivery orders were clearly generated in great haste
because Mark Yap, Ms Siew and Ms Then could not provide any coherent evidence
on how they were generated.

47 Ms Then had said that she generated the two delivery orders on 4 September
2006, one for the Heidelberg 4C and the other for the folding machine. However
the serial numbers of the two delivery orders were not in running order. Ms
Then was not able to give a logical explanation to explain the inconsistency.
Next, in this connection, Mark Yap testified that the delivery orders were
given to him on 4 September 2006 and he took them back with him to his office
so that he could affix the company stamp on them. Mark Yap also said that he
asked for copies of the invoices to be faxed to him on 20 October 2006 because
Tat Seng had kept chasing him for the delivery orders. These allegations were
not in his affidavit, however. Further, Ms Siew’s evidence contradicted Mark
Yap’s evidence. Ms Siew had said in her affidavit that she received a call
from Mark Yap on 20 October 2006 and it was then that he asked for copies of
the delivery orders so that he could stamp and sign the documents as he was
closing his file. According to this version, therefore, Mark Yap had asked for
the documents voluntarily and had not been chased by Tat Seng for copies of
the same. It should be noted however, that Ms Siew changed her evidence during
cross examination. A further discrepancy was that Ms Then had said that it was
impossible for the delivery orders to have been faxed to Mark Yap on 20
October 2006 because Tat Seng did not keep any copies of the same. Ms Siew
then contradicted Ms Then’s evidence on this point.

48 In any case, even if these contradictions were disregarded, all that could
be derived from the face of the delivery orders was that they were faxed by
Tat Seng to Kenzone at about 3.45pm on 20 October 2006 and returned by
Kenzone, by fax, a couple of minutes later. Clearly, Tat Seng was anxious that
a set of delivery orders be generated before Siew Kian Nam met Henry Tay.

49 The plaintiff also sought to cast doubt on the defendants’ assertion that
the Heidelberg 4C and the folding machine were loaded onto three lorries
belonging to Tat Seng and transported out of RGPL's premises on 31 August
2006. Neither of Tat Seng’s witnesses, _ie_ Ms Siew and Ms Then, had been
present when the machines were allegedly loaded and transported. They were
therefore not able to testify that this move had taken place on 31 August
2006. The second part of the story, that the machines were taken to Hock
Cheong’s warehouse where Colin Lim refused to accept them, was not plausible.
Colin Lim’s testimony had been that he was shocked when he saw the three
lorries carrying the machines since he had only been expecting a few pallets
of machinery in accordance with what Crispian Tan had told him. Crispian Tan
agreed that he had told Colin Lim that it was only one or two pallets’ worth
of machinery that needed to be stored and, under cross examination, said he
had made a mistake when he estimated the size of the machine. He said that he
was an experienced man in the printing industry in terms of marketing and
getting the business, but in terms of the technical aspects he was not good
and that was why he made the mistake as to the size of the machines. That
explanation was completely implausible as this was a matter of size which
could be estimated by physical observation. Even Mark Yap who saw the
Heidelberg 4C for the first time when the Siews went to survey it, could
observe that it was huge and more like a production line than a single
machine. Thus, either Crispian Tan wanted to deceive Colin Lim (although why
he should want to do so was a mystery since he wanted Colin Lim to store the
machines for him and it was important for Colin Lim to know the size of the
machines for this purpose) or the whole story about the machines being sent to
Hock Cheong and then being rejected by Hock Cheong was totally untrue.

50 The third part of the story relating to what had become of the machines
after Hock Cheong’s rejection must also have been untrue. The Heidelberg 4C
could not have been transported to Tat Seng’s unsecured and unfenced yard in
Kallang Distripark and left there for four days. This was because:

(a) it was implausible that a million-dollar machine would be left unguarded
in an unfenced yard for days, particularly when numerous lorry-crane which
could be used to steal the machine passed by the area every day;

(b) according to Tat Seng’s own delivery order number 22230, the Heidelberg 4C
was transported to Tat Seng’s premises at Blk 1050, Eunos Avenue 7. Ms Then
alleged that that was a mistake in the delivery order but she admitted in
court that she did not know where the machine actually was and that it was the
managing director, Siew Kian Nam, who said that the location of the Heidelberg
4C as stated in the delivery order was wrong. Neither Ms Siew nor Mark Yap,
however, alleged that there was any error in the delivery order. In fact, Mark
Yap confirmed that he had read both delivery orders and then signed them
before returning them to Tat Seng. If the document itself was correct, then
the Heidelberg 4C would have been stored in fact at Tat Seng’s premises in
Eunos; and

(c) storage of the Heidelberg 4C at the Eunos premises would be consistent
with what Siew Kian Nam told Henry Tay. According to the latter, during his
meeting with Siew Kian Nam on 20 October 2006, Siew Kian Nam told him that two
container trailers from Malaysia came to pick up the Heidelberg 4C on 31
August 2006 from the site office and that before that, the machine was put on
top of an open lorry which was parked on the side of one of the roads near his
office in Eunos while they were waiting for RGPL’s customers to take it away.
Siew Kian Nam himself did not testify and dispute Henry Tay’s account of their
conversation.

51 Other evidence given for Tat Seng was also implausible. Ms Siew had said
that Tat Seng unloaded the Heidelberg 4C onto pallets, covered it with
canvass, and secured it with shrink-wrap. Tat Seng, however, did not charge
for the storage of the Heidelberg 4C at its yard, nor the labour and costs
incurred in securing and protecting the machine. Tat Seng had quoted a sum of
$3,500 to simply move the machines from one location to another within
Singapore and wanted that amount paid in cash. It had not provided for storage
costs within that quotation and it was not probable that a mere transporter
would provide storage and protection services for free. This was also
inconsistent with the treatment of the folding machine. Ms Siew had confirmed
that that machine had been stored at Tat Seng’s premises in Eunos and had
continued to be stored at Tat Seng’s new warehouse (after Tat Seng shifted) on
the instructions of Kenzone who had paid Tat Seng’s storage charges for the
folding machine.

52 Additionally, Tat Seng had allegedly deployed a lorry-crane and some men to
help load the Heidelberg 4C onto the buyer’s trailers on 4 September 2006. Yet
Tat Seng had not charged for these services either. A mere transporter would
not provide such services for free.

53 Kenzone’s own charging practices were equally suspect. When Hock Cheong
allegedly refused to accept the Heidelberg 4C, Mark Yap said that he made
frantic efforts to arrange for alternative storage for the machine. He did so
even though Kenzone’s job was merely to transport the machine from RGPL's
premises to Hock Cheong’s warehouse. Further, Kenzone did not charge RGPL
anything at all for the transportation for the Heidelberg 4C nor the time and
effort allegedly spent by Mark Yap to arrange for its safe storage.

54 The defendants’ story about the redelivery of the Heidelberg 4C could not
stand up to scrutiny either. The only witnesses who allegedly saw the handing
over of the Heidelberg 4C were Mark Yap and Crispian Tan. In Mark Yap’s case,
in fact, he met Crispian Tan at the Kallang Distripark on the evening of 4
September 2006 to collect Tat Seng’s payment but he did not stay to see the
machine leave the Distripark. It was only Crispian Tan who saw the Heidelberg
4C being moved out of Tat Seng’s yard. None of Tat Seng’s workers who
allegedly assisted in loading the machine onto the buyer’s trailers were
called as witnesses.

55 Additionally, the evidence given by Mark Yap and Crispian Tan as regard the
handing over the Heidelberg 4C was inconsistent. Mark Yap asserted that Ms
Siew told him that the machine could be shifted out of the yard at 6pm on 4
September 2006 because at that time Tat Seng’s workers would be able to assist
in the loading of the machine. Crispian Tan, however, said that he only told
Mark Yap that he required assistance to load the Heidelberg 4C onto the
buyer’s lorries _after_ he met Mark Yap that evening at Kallang Distripark.
Mark Yap had then arranged for Tat Seng’s assistance. Further, according to
Mark Yap, after Crispian Tan had inspected the Heidelberg 4C and paid him
$3,500, Mark Yap instructed the “Tat Seng people” who were already there to
hand over the machine to Crispian Tan. Crispian Tan, on the other hand, denied
that any of Tat Seng’s workers were at the yard when he met Mark Yap. Quite
apart from the lack of independent oral evidence on the handing over, there
were no contemporaneous documents evidencing this. Kenzone did not issue any
delivery order at all showing that RGPL had taken back the machine whilst Tat
Seng’s delivery order although allegedly issued on 4 September 2006 was not
signed by Mark Yap until 20 October 2006.

56 Crispian Tan’s evidence relating to the handing over of the Heidelberg 4C
was suspect because:

(a) he alleged that he only found out that the yard belonged to Tat Seng when
he went to take over the machine on 4 September 2006. It is not believable
that Crispian Tan would have left a million dollar machine with Kenzone for
four days without knowing where it was kept;

(b) he claimed that he did not know the vehicle numbers of the lorries that
came to transport the Heidelberg 4C from the yard. It was not believable that
he would not have kept a record of these numbers since, according to Crispian
Tan, he had only been paid half the price of the machine at that time; and

(c) he claimed that he did not know the name of the Chinese gentleman who paid
him the price of the machine and that claim was not believable when he had, by
his own account, met this person on two occasions.

The defendants’ response

57 The defendants responded that they had acted in good faith in carrying and
storing the Heidelberg 4C and in the belief that RGPL was the true owner of
the machine or at least had the authority of the true owner to give
instructions regarding its removal. The machine was placed in RGPL's premises
and was being used for the purpose of RGPL’s business as the defendants were
able to ascertain when their representatives visited the premises to survey
the machine. It was therefore reasonable for the defendants to believe, as
they did, that RGPL had actual control of the machine. Further, at all times,
Kenzone was dealing with and taking instructions from Crispian Tan, the
director running RGPL. Tat Seng as the sub-contractor of Kenzone was also
indirectly taking instructions from Crispian Tan.

58 It was also apparent from the evidence that Kenzone had initially been
instructed to help in the shifting of RGPL’s office. It was only while this
was being effected that Crispian Tan asked for assistance in the transporting
of the Heidelberg 4C. Given that they knew that RGPL was shifting office, it
was reasonable for the defendants to assume that the carriage and storage of
the machines was also connected with the relocation of the office. The fact
that Mark Yap and Kenzone were involved in the shifting of the office had been
corroborated by the plaintiff’s witness, Mr Chua, who had then been RGPL’s
production supervisor. Mr Chua had confirmed that he had shown Mark Yap all
the material and furniture that had to be moved from Quek Industrial Building
to the new premises in Bendemeer Road. Mr Chua had also accompanied Mark Yap
on some of the shifting trips and insured that items moved from Quek
Industrial Building were delivered to the new premises.

59 It was not unusual, as the plaintiff had submitted, for Mark Yap to give
RGPL a verbal quotation for the office shifting job. Although Mr Heng had said
that it was the third defendant’s procedure to issue a written quotation, he
had also testified that verbal quotations were an unfortunate reality of life
given the exigencies of work, the need for fast service and the fact that
Kenzone was not strong in the area of paper work. He said that when his
operations people were out of their office, usually, out of laziness they did
not give written quotations. Mark Yap had explained that he himself was often
on the road so he sometimes gave written quotations and sometimes did not. In
fact, he clarified that most of his quotations were given over the telephone.

60 On the issue of the admissibility of Kenzone’s invoice for the office
shifting work, the document was admissible in that Mark Yap had to be treated
as the maker of the document. He gave the office the input on which the
document was based and testified that he was the one who signed one copy after
it was prepared. He said that he gave the signed copy to Crispian Tan and
retained only an unsigned copy for Kenzone’s file. That was why only the
unsigned copy was produced in court. In any case, apart from the documentary
evidence of the invoice, there was consistent oral evidence from Mr Heng, Mark
Yap and Mr Chua about the office shifting job. The invoice could not be
treated as a façade and it was the truth that Kenzone was engaged to help RGPL
shift its office.

61 From the beginning, the conduct of the defendants had been forthcoming with
full and frank disclosure. The defendants had never denied that they had been
involved in transporting the Heidelberg 4C. The plaintiff’s investigator Henry
Tay had given evidence that Siew Kian Nam was most cooperative when he was
interviewed. Siew Kian Nam had readily admitted to Henry Tay that Kenzone had
transported the Heidelberg 4C. This showed that the defendants had no
intention of concealing any fact relating to their dealings with the machine.
Although their documentation was not very good, they should not be unduly
penalised for honest mistakes. The shortcomings in documentation had to be
contrasted with their conduct in the proceedings. Kenzone itself was the first
to volunteer information on its involvement with the Heidelberg 4C. It
obtained a letter from Crispian Tan explaining that the transportation of the
machine was based on RGPL’s instructions. The defendants had also called
Crispian Tan as a witness so that the court would have a truthful account of
the facts surrounding the machine.

62 Crispian Tan had testified that the machine was sold to Mr Mani, the
Malaysian buyer, and that Malaysian trailers had picked it up for
transportation to Malaysia. No evidence had been led to prove that either of
the defendants had any lorry or trailer registered in Malaysia and were
capable of providing transportation to Malaysia. There was no evidence,
therefore, that either of the defendants was involved in disposing of the
Heidelberg 4C in Malaysia and it was not necessary for them to be involved in
this as any such disposal could easily have been arranged by RGPL or the
Malaysian buyer with a Malaysian transport company.

63 In proving that Kenzone or Tat Seng had disposed of the machine, the
plaintiff would have to show that the defendants had actual or constructive
knowledge of Crispian Tan’s intention to dispose of it but the plaintiff had
failed to establish this case. The defendants had handed the machine back to
RGPL in the person of Crispian Tan and there was no change of ownership of the
machine but merely a change in its physical location.

64 Although Crispian Tan had initially made a mistake as to when he had asked
for assistance in moving the Heidelberg 4C, in court he had corrected himself
by confirming that he did not have a buyer when he first contacted Mr Heng for
the office shifting job. At that stage, he said he was undecided as to what he
should do and his initial intention was to carry on with the printing business
and keep the Heidelberg 4C. Therefore, he had obtained a lease of new premises
from JTC. At the time when he was first in contact with Mr Heng regarding the
shifting of his office, Crispian Tan knew that the Heidelberg 4C was too big
to be taken into the new premises through the front door and that a wider
entry way would have to be hacked in the wall to allow it entry. JTC, however,
had not approved the hacking of the wall then. Nor had Crispian Tan found an
alternative location in which to store the machine. Therefore, Crispian Tan
could not possibly have asked Kenzone to move the Heidelberg 4C on 21 August
2006.

65 No aspersion could be cast on Crispian Tan’s evidence in respect of the
fact that he did not testify as to the payment he made to Kenzone for the
office shifting job and the late invoice for the same. This silence arose
because Crispian Tan was asked to give evidence focusing on the transportation
of the machine and his evidence demonstrated that he had made a clean breast
of what had happened. In any event, he had said in court that he had paid the
bill for the office shifting.

66 As for Kenzone’s invoice, Mark Yap had to be regarded as the maker of that
document as he provided the information on which it was based. He also said he
signed the invoice (albeit no signed copy was produced in court). The actual
processor of the document could not be regarded as its maker as she had no
personal knowledge of its contents and produced the document on Mark Yap’s
instructions. Thus the invoice was authentic, not a façade, and Kenzone had
genuinely been involved in the removal of RGPL's office.

67 Regarding the lack of a delivery order for the Heidelberg 4C, Kenzone
argued that this had been provided by Tat Seng who issued a delivery order in
which Kenzone was listed as the customer. Likewise, there were no Kenzone
delivery orders for the other items that Kenzone had transported for RGPL.
Thus there was nothing usual about Kenzone not rendering a delivery order for
the Heidelberg 4C.

68 As far as Tat Seng was concerned, the paucity of documentation was not
unusual either. First, a verbal quotation for the transport of the machine was
not unusual in the transport business as all that the job required was to pick
up the goods and deliver them to order. The insistence on cash terms was not
unusual either because this was Tat Seng’s practice and it was dealing with
Kenzone and RGPL for the first time. Tat Seng had no knowledge of Kenzone’s
annual turnover or its background.

69 As for the fact that Tat Seng had allowed the Heidelberg 4C to be handed
back to Crispian Tan prior to payment, that was not an illogical thing to do.
In the normal case, the recipient makes payment when he collects the goods. In
this case, Tat Seng had agreed to the release of the Heidelberg 4C because it
knew it still had physical possession of the folding machine which was worth
thousands of dollars. Moreover, Mark Yap had given his word that he would make
payment on the day that the machine was handed back to Crispian Tan.

70 Regarding Tat Seng’s delivery orders, valid explanations had been given for
the discrepancies. Ms Then had explained that the serial numbers did not run
because the two delivery orders were produced from different books of pre-
printed forms. The way in which the delivery orders had come to be signed only
on 20 October 2006 had been explained by both Ms Siew and Mark Yap whose
accounts were consistent with each other.

71 There was no evidence as to the time when Henry Tay called Tat Seng. Nor
was there any evidence that he had identified himself as a private
investigator. On the contrary, Ms Siew’s evidence was that he had posed as a
customer. There was no undue haste in the return of the delivery orders and
the plaintiff had not been able to establish any sinister motive for the
events on 20 October 2006 concerning these documents.

72 At all times, the defendants’ actions in relation to the Heidelberg 4C had
been ministerial. From the time of Crispian Tan’s initial instructions to the
actual shifting of the machine on 31 August 2006 to the front of Hock Cheong’s
premises and thereafter to the placing of the machine in Tat Seng’s yard, all
the acts of the defendants were based on Crispian Tan’s orders and approval.
Mark Yap put the machine in the yard without knowing its value. There was an
urgent need to find storage space for the Heidelberg 4C and this was the only
practical solution the defendants had. It was Crispian Tan who decided to go
ahead to store the machine at Tat Seng’s yard. Although the yard was not
fenced, it was contained within the walled compound of Kallang Distripark.
There were security personnel stationed at the gates of the park and they
patrolled the compound regularly. Thus, this was a safe place to store the
machine. Additionally, since it weighed eight to ten tonnes, only special
heavy duty cranes could lift it up. Lorry cranes could not do the job and
therefore there was little likelihood of the machine being stolen although it
was in an unfenced yard. It was not practical to keep the machine on Tat
Seng’s lorries for a few days as Tat Seng needed its lorries for other jobs.
In view of the emergency caused by Colin Lim’s rejection of the machine, the
decision to place it in the storage yard was the most reasonable and practical
one. Tat Seng also took care that the machine would not be damaged by placing
it on the pallets rather than directly on the earth and covering it with
canvas secured by shrink-wrap.

Analysis

73 I start the analysis with the finding that Crispian Tan was not a witness
of truth and his evidence cannot therefore be accepted at face value. In my
judgment in suit 739 ([2008] SGHC 211), I found that Crispian Tan was not a
forthright and truthful witness. That finding is equally applicable here.
Crispian Tan had acted dishonestly in connection with all three machines
including the Heidelberg 4C. By his own admission, he was a thief. While
admitting he had stolen the machines from the plaintiff, he was not remorseful
enough to disclose fully whom he had dealt with in this regard and who had
helped him. He only identified Mr Mani, a person who was out of the
jurisdiction and the reach of the court. In his evidence, it was clear that he
had been untruthful on several occasions. Particular examples of this are
given in the following paragraphs.

74 First, in these proceedings, Crispian Tan maintained that when he initially
approached Kenzone in early August, it was only to help him to shift RGPL’s
office and it was not until 26 August 2006 that he asked Kenzone to arrange
for the transport of the two machines to Hock Cheong’s premises. However, on
20 November 2006, at a time when he was aware the plaintiff was investigating
the disappearance of the machines, Crispian Tan wrote to Kenzone to confirm
that on 21 August 2006, RGPL had given it verbal instructions to:

(a) deliver pallets of paper material from Quek Industrial Building to the
Bendemeer premises;

(b) deliver pallets of film to the Bendemeer premises; and

(c) request Kenzone to arrange with Tat Seng to deliver a printing machine to
Tat Seng’s premises.

The contrast between the two versions was stark. In court, Crispian Tan said
that he had made a mistake in his letter of 26 November 2006, that its content
were not true and the correct version was that which he was telling the court.
It should be noted, however, that even in relation to the court version there
were contradictions in the course of the proceedings as pointed out by the
plaintiff (see [41] above). In the light of all these conflicting versions, it
is impossible to tell where the truth lies or even that it has been told at
all.

75 Second, it was not possible for me to believe Crispian Tan’s assertion (and
Colin Lim’s confirmation of the same) that he had told Colin Lim that he only
needed space for a few pallets’ worth of machinery. The Heidelberg 4C was an
enormous machine and even Mark Yap who had no experience of printing machines
at all could realise its immense dimensions (at least 30 feet long and 6 feet
high and weighing in total about 28 tonnes). It is stretching the bounds of
credibility for Crispian Tan to explain that because he was not a technical
man, he could have made such an egregious mistake as to its dimensions.

76 Third, why was it that Crispian Tan did not want to admit having asked
Kenzone to arrange for the transport of the Heidelberg 4C in early August
2006? He must have known then that the machine had to be taken out of Quek
Industrial Building. He had promised to give up those premises by 31 August
2006 and, if as he maintained, he had no buyer for the Heidelberg 4C when he
first made his plans to shift the office, he must have known that he had to
shift that machine along with all the other office equipment and furniture. In
fact, he would also have known by then that it was not possible to shift the
Heidelberg 4C directly from Quek Industrial Building directly to the new
premises at Bendemeer Road because the JTC’s offer of a tenancy at those
premises made it clear that the new tenancy would take effect only on 10
September 2006. Further, to get the machine into those new premises required
enlarging the entry way and such work required the prior approval of JTC.
Crispian Tan did not produce any evidence that he had applied for such
approval or that it had been granted or that work on enlarging the entry way
had started and could be completed by end August 2006. Thus, he must also have
known that he needed a place in which to store the Heidelberg 4C until it
could be taken to the new premises. It is, therefore, not credible that he
would only have asked Kenzone to shift the office equipment and not the
Heidelberg 4C when he first contacted Kenzone. The most probable reason for
his lie was that he wanted to portray the whole transaction as a last minute
transaction and thus assist the defendants in putting forward a picture of
mere transporters trying their best to help their customer out of an
unexpected fix.

77 Since I do not accept that Crispian Tan gave Colin Lim the impression that
the Heidelberg 4C would only occupy a few pallets’ worth of space in Hock
Cheong’s warehouse, I must also hold that it was not the size of the machine
that caused Hock Cheong to refuse to take it into storage when Tat Seng’s
lorries arrived at its premises. What other reason could Hock Cheong have had
for refusing to honour its commitment to RGPL especially in view of the fact
that Colin Lim and Crispian Tan were well known to each other? The plaintiff’s
explanation was that when Colin Lim saw the machinery, he suspected that
something was wrong and did not wish to be involved. I accept that explanation
as being the probable reason for the rejection. Whilst Colin Lim might have
been willing to come to court and lie about what Crispian Tan told him
regarding the size of the machine, that was a less dangerous course than
becoming involved in the disposal or concealment of the Heidelberg 4C.

78 In my judgment, the stories told by the defendants were not consistent or
coherent especially when it came to the lack of proper documentation. As far
as Kenzone was concerned, the only document purportedly issued was the invoice
for the office shifting services. No signed copy of this invoice was produced.
Neither was the maker of the document called. Although Mark Yap asserted that
he was responsible for the information in the invoice and was the one who had
signed it, he was not able to produce a signed copy and neither was Kenzone
able to procure the signed copy from Crispian Tan to whom it said that
document had been given. Further, the invoice was not accurate in its
description of the work that had been done by Kenzone. This was odd since Mark
Yap who was in charge of the removal had been the one who allegedly furnished
the information for the invoice. Mark Yap had to acknowledge the inaccuracies
in court but was not able to explain them. The copy invoice produced in court
bears the word “PAID” on it. This looks as if it had been stamped onto the
original of the document but Mark Yap asserted that it had been generated from
the computer in that form. How the computer could have done that was not
clearly explained. In my view, the authenticity of the invoice is in
considerable doubt.

79 Further, Mark Yap’s whole story of how he telephoned Crispian Tan and asked
him to come down to Kenzone’s office to pay the bill and Crispian Tan did so
and, after the amount payable was worked out on the spot, paid him in cash, is
dubious. Crispian Tan and RGPL were in deep financial problems. It was not
likely that in October 2006, he would have been going around with thousands of
dollars in cash in his pockets to pay Kenzone’s bills immediately after
receiving Kenzone’s rather belated request for payment.

80 I am also troubled by the lack of documentation on the whole and
inadequacies in Tat Seng’s documentation. There was no written quotation for
the job. There was no written confirmation of the acceptance of the quotation.
There was no invoice for the job despite the fact that Tat Seng was required
by law to issue a tax invoice since it is a GST-registered enterprise. Ms Siew
was unable to give an acceptable explanation for the lack of an invoice. I do
not accept the stories given by Mark Yap and Ms Siew, no matter how well they
corroborate each other, which purport to explain how Tat Seng’s delivery
orders were only signed by Mark Yap on 20 October 2006. First, the delivery
orders were not in running order so it is unlikely that they were both
produced on the same day. I do not accept Ms Then’s explanation for this. Tat
Seng could have produced other delivery orders issued from the same two books
on or around 4 September 2006 to show that the material invoices were issued
from two separate books on that day. But it did not. Then the story that Mark
Yap took the delivery orders back to his office to stamp them and forgot to
return them until 20 October 2006 is not credible. It was admitted by Kenzone
that these documents were important for its records. Ms Siew said that she
kept the duplicate copies of the delivery orders on her desk. If that was so,
she would have been constantly reminded to chase Mark Yap for the signed
documents. Whilst she said that Kenzone had done so, Mark Yap denied this and
said that it was he who had asked for further copies of the delivery orders
because his accounts department wanted to close the file.

81 The issue of payment for the transport of the Heidelberg 4C and the folding
machine is another problem for the defendants. Kenzone made all sorts of
arrangements and Mark Yap took, purportedly, a great deal of trouble to see
that the Heidelberg 4C was properly transported and looked after. He spent at
least five hours at RGPL's premises on 31 August 2006 attending to the loading
up of the Heidelberg 4C and he later made urgent arrangements for the storage
of the machine and its proper care while at Tat Seng’s yard. Yet Kenzone did
not charge a single cent for this exercise. All it charged for were the trips
taken to deliver the office equipment and supplies. This is difficult to
believe. Then when it came to Tat Seng, having quoted a fee of $3,500 (which
it wanted to be paid in cash) in respect of one single journey from Quek
Industrial Building to Hock Cheong’s warehouse, Tat Seng did not charge for
storing the machine in its yard, it did not charge for the pallets used to
support it or the labour and materials used to protect it from the elements or
the hours Tat Seng’s men and equipment must have spent assisting in the
loading of the Heidelberg 4C onto the buyer’s trailers. This too is difficult
to believe. In this context, it should be remembered that thereafter Tat Seng
apparently kept the folding machine in its store (right up to the date of the
trial) and charged $300 a month as storage charges which charges were paid by
Kenzone.

82 Given that the defendants tried to paint a picture of their being mere
transporters, it is odd that they did not notice anything peculiar about the
way Crispian Tan took the Heidelberg 4C back. Although they had taken so much
trouble to look after the machine for him, Crispian Tan did not employ them to
deliver it to his new premises. Instead he took it over in the evening at the
yard. The defendants did not complain about being deprived of the opportunity
of making more money from this Heidelberg 4C. Instead, they happily helped in
the loading of the machine onto someone else’s trailers, and did so for free
too. Considering that Tat Seng was asserting that this was the very first time
it had ever done a job for Kenzone and that it had already bent over backwards
to provide good service, it is hard to believe that it would have provided its
labour and lorry crane for free when it was not getting the onward carriage
contract.

83 The evidence of Henry Tay regarding his meeting with Siew Kian Nam was not
rebutted by Tat Seng. The defendants’ submissions on the point were
speculative since Siew Kian Nam did not testify and Ms Siew’s evidence on the
meeting was entirely hearsay as she was not present. The account of events
Siew Kian Nam gave Henry Tay was at variance in material aspects with Tat
Seng’s account to the court and immediately raises the query as to which was
true. The fact that the interview took place on 20 October 2007 shortly after
Tat Seng’s delivery orders were faxed to and back from Kenzone (after weeks of
inactivity on this front) certainly supports the plaintiff’s submission that
these documents were deliberately and hastily generated before the meeting. I
agree it would be too much of a coincidence for Mark Yap to voluntarily ask
for the documents on the very day on which it was useful for Tat Seng to have
signed delivery orders to show to Henry Tay.

84 The plaintiffs submitted that as experienced companies in the logistics
business, the defendants would have known that delivery orders evidencing the
taking over and handing back of the goods to be transported would be issued in
the normal course of business. They would also have known that written
quotations and job confirmations and invoices/receipts (particularly when both
the defendants are GST-registered companies) had to be issued. When none of
these documents were issued, the defendants would have known something was
amiss. Yet there is no evidence that, the delivery orders apart, either of the
defendants asked the other for these documents or why the same had not been
issued. There was no paper evidence that Kenzone and Tat Seng had been
involved in or paid for the transport of the Heidelberg 4C. In these
circumstances, I agree with the plaintiff that it is reasonable to infer that
the defendants had acted dishonestly and they could not have reasonably
believed that RGPL was entitled to deal with the Heidelberg 4C in the way that
it did. The defendants did not simply move the machine from an old factory
unit occupied by RGPL to its new office. Even if their own story is to be
believed, what they did was to take the machine from RGPL’s factory to an open
yard where it was concealed under canvas and shrink wrap and then hand it back
to Crispian Tan to send wherever he pleased. That in itself was suspect since
RGPL was supposed to be operating in new premises in Singapore and there was
no obstacle to Tat Seng delivering the Heidelberg 4C there in due course
together with the folding machine. That, too, was odd – the folding machine
remained with Tat Seng for years thereafter.

85 Having considered all the evidence and the submissions, for the reasons
given above, I am not satisfied that the defendants gave the court a full and
frank account of how the Heidelberg 4C came into their hands, what they knew
about Crispian Tan’s intentions, and what they did with the machine
thereafter. The defendants did not have convincing answers for most of the
discrepancies in the evidence pointed out by the plaintiff. The defendants
have not proved, on a balance of probabilities, that they acted _bona fide_ in
their dealings with the machine and were not aware that they were aiding RGPL
in disposing of it. They admittedly had the machine in their possession and
thereafter it was lost. They had the burden of showing that their actions were
limited to changing the physical location of the machine and did not affect
its ownership or interfere with the rights of the owner. They have not been
able to discharge that burden.

86 In the event, I find Kenzone and Tat Seng liable to the plaintiff for
conversion. On quantum, the plaintiffs adduced evidence from Chua Lian Seng,
the Managing Director of Heidelberg Asia, which deals in Heidelberg machines,
both new and second-hand machines. Chua Lian Seng’s evidence, which I accept,
was that the second-hand value of the Heidelberg 4C at the time of the
conversion was in the region of $600,000 to $650,000. I hold that the
plaintiff is entitled to damages of $600,000 as claimed.

Conclusion

87 In the event, there will be judgment for the plaintiff against the third
and fourth defendants in the sum of $600,000 with interest thereon at the
court rate from the date of the writ and costs.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 17 Nov 2008 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

