Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Public Prosecutor v Barokah  
[2008] SGHC 22

Case Number | : | CC 23/2007  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 11 February 2008  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Tay Yong Kwang J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Amarjit Singh and Stella Tan (Deputy Public Prosecutors) for the Prosecution; Harpreet Singh Nehal SC, Wendell Wong and Kelly Fan (Drew & Napier LLC) for the accused   
Parties | : |  Public Prosecutor — Barokah   
  
Criminal Law  
  
Criminal Procedure and Sentencing  
  

11 February 2008 |  Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
The charge

1 The accused is an Indonesian woman born on 15 May 1979. She was working in
Singapore as a domestic helper at the material time. She pleaded guilty to the
following charge:

That you, Barokah, on the 19th day of October 2005, sometime between 12.00am
and 7.16am, at Block 19 Chai Chee Road #09-328, Singapore, did commit culpable
homicide not amounting to murder by causing the death of one Wee Keng Wah,
female, 75 years old, to wit, by pushing her out of the bedroom window of her
9th floor flat, which act was done with the intention of causing her death,
and you have thereby committed an offence punishable under section 304(a) of
the Penal Code, Chapter 224.

2 The accused was represented in these proceedings by Senior Counsel and his
assistants. She was also assisted throughout the court hearing by an
interpreter who spoke Bahasa Indonesia.

The statement of facts

3 Wee Keng Wah (“Wee”), the deceased female victim mentioned in the charge,
was residing in unit #09-328, a 2-bedroom flat in Block 19 Chai Chee Road
(“the HDB block”), with her 78 year old husband, Lee Tang Seng (“Wee’s
husband”). Their four children had their own homes elsewhere. Wee’s husband’s
age and multiple medical problems (including Parkinson’s disease, weak limbs,
severely impaired hearing, diabetes, hypertension, ischaemic heart disease)
made it necessary for someone to look after him. For that purpose, the accused
was employed as a domestic helper by Wee on 20 September 2005. The accused
slept in Wee’s husband’s bedroom in order to attend to him during the night.
As a result, Wee and her husband slept in separate bedrooms in the flat.

4 The accused had previously worked in Singapore with three other families.
The first was a Malay family living in Bukit Batok, for whom she worked for 16
months between January 2000 and April 2001. In 2003, the accused went to
Malaysia to work as a domestic helper for around one year. In September 2004,
she returned to Singapore to work for the second family living in Frankel
Estate. After about six months, her services were terminated as she was unable
to communicate well in English and was forgetful. In March 2005, she was sent
to work for a third employer living in a condominium in the eastern part of
Singapore. That lasted a few months. On 20 September 2005, the accused started
working for Wee, her fourth employer in Singapore in her five years here.

5 In the morning of 19 October 2005, Wee was found lying in a pool of blood at
the foot of the HDB block. The cleaner who saw her body informed a resident
living in a ground-floor unit of the HDB block. That resident then informed
the police.

6 Police officers arrived at the scene. They then proceeded to Wee’s flat on
the ninth floor. There, they found Wee’s husband who was teary and in a state
of shock. The police officers went into Wee’s bedroom and noted that the metal
grilles of the bedroom window (which was directly above where Wee’s body was
found) were closed but not locked.

7 The accused was in the flat. She told the police officers that at around
4.30am, she found Wee lying on the floor inside Wee’s bedroom. She tried to
rouse Wee but the latter merely moved her hands. As the accused was not able
to carry Wee onto the bed, she lifted her body to a sitting position leaning
against a bedroom wall. She also claimed that Wee’s husband was present in
Wee’s bedroom then. She then went out of the flat with Wee’s husband to seek
assistance from a neighbour (Richard Chew) living two doors away. When they
returned to the flat, Wee was no longer there.

8 The police managed to glean the following information from Wee’s husband.
According to him, at about 3am on 19 October 2005, he needed to urinate. He
therefore called for the accused but she did not appear to be around. He then
shouted to Wee who was in her bedroom. Wee went to attend to him. She was
upset and angry that the accused was not in the flat.

9 Not long thereafter, the accused returned to the flat. Wee scolded her for
leaving the flat. Wee’s husband tried to pacify Wee, advising her to speak to
the accused at daybreak. He then went back to bed.

10 Sometime past 4am that same morning, Wee’s husband needed to urinate again.
He shouted to get the attention of the accused and of Wee but no one responded
to his calls. He got up from his bed and walked slowly to the living room. As
he passed Wee’s bedroom, he noticed Wee lying on the floor therein. The
accused, who was walking from the direction of the toilet located in the
kitchen area, attempted to stop him from entering Wee’s bedroom, claiming that
Wee was asleep and did not want to be disturbed. However, Wee’s husband
insisted on going into Wee’s bedroom and the accused relented. Wee was lying
on the floor, unconscious but breathing. Sensing that something was amiss, he
walked to Richard Chew’s flat to seek help.

11 When Wee’s husband returned to his flat with Richard Chew, Wee was not in
the flat anymore. The accused then informed Wee’s husband that Wee usually
went for her morning exercise at that time. Some time later that morning, the
police arrived in the flat to inform Wee’s husband about Wee’s body having
been found at the foot of the HDB block.

12 The police officers at the scene decided to inform the Special
Investigation Section of the Criminal Investigation Department (“CID”). The
CID officer brought the accused to Chai Chee Neighbourhood Police Post where
she was interviewed again. Due to the numerous inconsistencies in her
narration of the events and in the light of preliminary investigations, the
accused was treated as a suspect. She was brought to the CID where hand swabs
were done and her fingernail clippings were taken.

13 Investigations conducted on and after 19 October 2005 revealed the
following evidence pointing to foul play in Wee’s death and militated against
the possibility of suicide. As Wee’s body was found directly below her bedroom
window, that suggested that it had been dropped from a height. If Wee had
jumped out of her bedroom window, her body would have landed further away from
the base of the HDB block. The grime-like dirt stains on the right sleeve and
the right rear portion of her t-shirt were similar to the grime-like dirt
stains found on the top of the air-conditioning compressor installed directly
outside the bedroom window, with a drop of 22.2cm from the window ledge. That
suggested that Wee’s right upper back had been in contact with the top of the
compressor. The top of the compressor also had a fresh drag mark on its left.
If Wee had committed suicide, one would have expected to find some evidence of
contact between her feet and/or her hands and the compressor. However, there
were no foot or hand prints found on the top of the compressor. All the above
evidence suggested that Wee had been pushed sideways out of the bedroom
window.

14 In Wee’s bedroom, several tiny blood droplets and blood stains were found
on the wall and the floor near the window and at the lower portion of a
cupboard. There were also blood stains on the bed sheet and on both sides of a
pillow case lying on the bed. All the blood droplets and stains were later
established to have come from Wee. Strands of Wee’s hair were found along the
floor skirting below the window. A plastic rack with rollers had been toppled
and had broken into pieces, with its contents scattered about in the bedroom.
There was therefore evidence of some fight or struggle having taken place
inside the bedroom.

15 A resident living in the flat directly above Wee’s informed the police that
at about 4am on 19 October 2005, she was awakened by some loud noise coming
from Wee’s flat, lasting a few minutes. It sounded like someone was choking.
Another resident living one floor below Wee’s flat said that she was studying
for her examinations that morning when she heard a loud thud coming from above
her flat. After that, there was a dragging sound lasting several seconds.

16 The autopsy report on Wee revealed that she had multiple bruises on the
front of her body, consistent with having fallen from height. The front of her
face was flattened. Several abrasions resembling fingernail marks were found
on the left of her neck, indicating the possibility of strangulation. The
pathologist certified that death resulted from the multiple injuries. He was
also of the opinion that Wee had been strangled before she was thrown down the
HDB block and that she was alive, although possibly unconscious, when the
injuries from the fall were suffered.

17 There was no dispute that the accused had not been ill-treated by Wee or
any other member of her family during the one month of her employment. Police
investigations revealed that on the night of the incident, the accused sneaked
out of the flat to meet her boyfriend. When she returned to the flat, Wee
scolded her for leaving the flat late at night. The accused was unhappy with
the scolding and therefore retorted that Wee could ask her (Wee’s) son to send
her back to the maid agency the next day. The verbal exchange continued for
some time and then escalated into a struggle between the two women in Wee’s
bedroom. The accused confirmed that the multiple superficial abrasions on her
face and arms were caused during her struggle with Wee. This was supported by
the forensic findings that Wee’s and the accused’s fingernail clippings were
stained with each other’s DNA. The accused admitted in statements made by her
to the police that after her struggle with Wee, Wee fainted but was still
breathing as the accused could see Wee’s chest and abdomen moving and could
hear some sounds coming from Wee.

18 The accused left Wee lying unconscious on the bedroom floor and went to
Wee’s husband’s bedroom. Shortly after that, Wee’s husband wanted to go into
Wee’s bedroom but was blocked by the accused from doing so as she knew that
Wee was unconscious on the bedroom floor. When Wee’s husband persisted in
going into Wee’s bedroom, the accused allowed him to do so.

19 Wee’s husband was shocked by what he saw. He asked the accused what had
happened to Wee but the accused claimed that she did not know. The accused
then tried to revive Wee by slapping her cheeks and her legs. Wee’s husband
asked the accused to call for assistance by dialling “three nine” but the
accused claimed that she did not understand that meant to dial nine, nine,
nine. Wee’s husband then returned to his bedroom and activated the portable
personal alarm given to him by the residents’ committee in that area for use
in an emergency. He then asked the accused to open the grille gates of the
flat so that he could go and seek assistance. He stood at the locked grille
gates and shook them repeatedly while calling out for assistance. Eventually,
the accused opened the gates for him and he proceeded gingerly towards Richard
Chew’s flat two doors away.

20 The accused went out of the flat with Wee’s husband but did not accompany
him to Richard Chew’s flat to seek assistance. She went back into Wee’s
bedroom, carried the still unconscious Wee onto the bed (the width of which
was next to the window) and then pushed her out of the window. She then shut
the window grilles and left Wee’s bedroom.

21 When Wee’s husband returned to the flat with Richard Chew, they searched
the flat for Wee but could not find her. In reply to Richard Chew, the accused
said that she did not know where Wee was. Later, she told the two men that Wee
had gone for her morning exercise. She repeated these conflicting answers on
Wee’s whereabouts to the police and to Wee’s family members several times that
morning when she was asked.

22 After her arrest, the accused was sent for psychiatric evaluation. Dr Tommy
Tan, a consultant at the Woodbridge Hospital, examined her over four occasions
in November 2005. He reported that the accused was forthcoming, polite and
cooperative and that her behaviour and appearance were appropriate. She
described her mood as sad and was tearful during part of the examination. She
explained that she felt sad because she missed home and her child and was
worried. She was relevant and rational and did not have any psychotic symptoms
and was able to give an account of the incident.

23 Dr Tommy Tan opined that the accused did not have a mental disorder before
and at the time of the offence and was not of unsound mind at the material
time. However, she had a depressive reaction (F43.2, International
Classification of Diseases, edition 10) caused by her arrest and remand. It
was characterised by a depressed mood, worries about her future and her mother
and missing her home and her child. Dr Tommy Tan found the accused fit to
plead and capable of making her defence and instructing counsel.

24 Dr R Nagulendran, a psychiatrist in private practice and consultant
psychiatrist to the National University of Singapore Health Service, was
engaged by defence counsel to examine the accused. In his report dated 19
March 2007, Dr Nagulendran stated that he examined the accused on three
occasions in October 2006. She married around 1995 when she was 16 years old.
Her husband worked in Malaysia as a labourer. In August 2003, the accused
started a relationship with another married Indonesian man and gave birth to a
baby boy. That man wanted the accused to be his second wife but that was not
acceptable to her and so she broke up with him. The baby boy was given away to
a friend.

25 The accused told the defence psychiatrist that she discovered later that
her husband was also having an extra-marital relationship. For some months
before the accused became employed by Wee in September 2005, she was
experiencing depressed mood and guilt feelings concerning her own and her
husband’s unfaithfulness. In June or July 2005, she met Ali, a Bangladeshi man
who befriended her. She became intimate with him and that increased her
feelings of guilt. On the night leading to the offence, she had gone out to
meet Ali to tell him that she wanted to break up with him. However, Ali did
not want to break up. She was therefore “troubled”. She has since given birth
to a baby girl (in May 2006) while in remand.

26 The accused also told the defence psychiatrist that she was tired while
working in Wee’s household because her sleep was interrupted by Wee’s
husband’s constant need to urinate at night. She felt then like returning to
her country. When asked if she had any suicidal thoughts, she replied that it
was against her religion. From March to September 2005, she kept a diary (in
two notebooks) in which she penned her thoughts and feelings, mainly in Bahasa
Indonesia. The defence psychiatrist had read the English translation of the
entries in the diary. The accused further stated that Wee was angrily scolding
and nagging her when she returned to the flat on the night of the incident.
She was initially ashamed and afraid when first confronted by Wee but with the
continuous anger displayed by Wee, the accused felt increasingly depressed.
She wanted to stop the tirade by telling Wee that she could let her son know
about her night out and ask him to inform her agent to take her back. That did
not stop Wee. The accused then realized that she would lose her job if Wee
informed her son about the matter. The first three months of her wages were
going to be paid to the agent and she would have no income until the fourth
month of work. She therefore asked Wee not to inform her son about it. The
accused’s state of mind was aggravated by this impending financial loss.

27 She also felt angry when Wee pushed her and swung a bag (a cloth pouch) at
her, hurting her abdomen. When Wee hit her head against the wall and the floor
and then became motionless, the accused became frightened.

28 At the time of examination, the accused was rational and relevant. She
expressed sadness at Wee’s death and was tearful during the course of the
three sessions. There was no impairment of her cognitive functions of memory,
attention, concentration, insight and intelligence. Dr Nagulendran concluded
that at the time of the offence, the accused was suffering from severe
reactive depression. Although this condition did not amount to unsoundness of
mind, it was an abnormality of mind of such severity as to have substantially
impaired her mental responsibility, thereby allowing the accused to plead
diminished responsibility. She was found fit to plead.

29 The report from the defence psychiatrist and the accused’s translated diary
entries (the latter being unavailable earlier as they had been sent for
translation to be done and were not ready at the time of Dr Tommy Tan’s first
report) were referred to Dr Tommy Tan to see if they affected his opinion. In
his supplemental report of 5 April 2007, Dr Tommy Tan stated that there was
information in Dr Nagulendran’s report that the accused had not informed him
about earlier during the interviews, probably because she was then in the
custody of CID and wanted to maintain with Dr Tommy Tan the same account that
she had given to the CID. Dr Tommy Tan reported:

From Barokah’s diary there were many entries, which showed that she could have
a **depressive episode**.

She had several depressive thoughts:

1 asking God to forgive her sin,

2 her “sin was most despicable of all”,

3 not feeling strong,

4 missing her son and husband, longing for husband,

5 “can’t forgive myself”

6 “life is useless”

7 “feel troubled, painful and grieved”

8 “problems after problems pile up”

9 Asked for separation from her husband,

10 wrote about “her betrayal”

11 time cruel toward me and without showing sympathy for me.

She might had thoughts of dying:

“Oh God please forgive all my sins, make me depart from apostasy, to depart
from this accursed behaviour, bring me close to you.”

She was unable to concentrate on her work.

The diary also indicates that she may have a **dependent personality
disorder**.

She expressed fear of abandonment by her husband. She asked that they remained
good friends if he leaves her.

She wanted reassurance from husband in what she did. “I wish to have a husband
who can guide me in all ways so that I cannot go wrong in taking steps in all
matters”.

Dr Nagulendran made a diagnosis of **severe reactive depression**. Reactive
depression subsumes under depressive episode in the International
Classification of Diseases, edition 10 or major depressive disorder under the
Diagnostic and Statistical Manual edition 4.

Under ICD 10, a person with severe depressive episode would show considerable
distress, agitation or marked retardation. Under the DSM 4 severe means clear-
cut observable disability eg unable to work. The deceased family and the
police did not observe these.

However based on the additional information made available to me through the
diary and the additional information Barokah had given Dr Nagulendran, I am of
the opinion that Barokah could have a **moderate depressive episode** (F32.1,
ICD 10) at the time of the alleged offence. The evidence is that she had
several depressive thought over several months, she could have thoughts of
dying. She had told Dr Nagulendran that she was tired and her appetite was “on
and off”. The indicator for the moderate severity of the depressive episode is
that she wrote that she could not concentrate on her work.

In addition, she may have a **dependent personality disorder** (F60.7, ICD 10)
as evidenced by her fear of abandonment and wanting husband to guide her in
all things. This could explain why she was involved with another Indonesian
man and a Bangladeshi man when she was away from her husband. She has the need
to depend on another man to feel stable emotionally. However her involvement
with other men made her guilty and exacerbated the depression.

Hence she can qualify for a defence of diminished responsibility. She was
suffering from **moderate depressive episode**. The term moderate should be
taken in the psychiatric context, which means that it is moderately severe; it
is not “mild or not severe” in the layman understanding. It could have caused
her to have an abnormality of mind, which could have substantially impaired
her mental responsibility for the acts, which caused the death of the
deceased. When the deceased was nagging her and Barokah feared a loss of her
job, she might have acted impulsively or overreact and caused the death of the
deceased. She might not have done so is she was not suffering from a mental
disorder.

When I examined Barokah for my initial report dated 30/11/05, it was
immediately after she was in the custody of the Criminal Investigation
Department. Hence she did not tell me the information that she had told Dr
Nagulendran, as she probably wanted to maintain the same account that she had
given to the CID.

30 As a result of Dr Tommy Tan’s further report, the prosecution amended the
original murder charge and proceeded with the present one under s 304(a) of
the Penal Code. It was the prosecution’s case that when the accused pushed Wee
out of the bedroom window, she intended to cause Wee’s death.

Prosecution’s submissions on sentence

31 The accused had no previous convictions or antecedents. The prosecution
highlighted that there were 8 cases of domestic helpers charged with culpable
homicide involving their employers or family members since 2002. 6 cases have
been dealt with by the court. The present case was one of the 2 not dealt with
yet.

32 The prosecution submitted that while it was not specifically urging the
court to impose life imprisonment, that remained an option which the court
should consider when deciding on the appropriate term of imprisonment for the
facts at hand. The prosecution argued, on the authority of _PP v Tan Fook Sum_
[1999] 2 SLR 523 that it did not have to apply for a deterrent sentence before
the court could consider it in the exercise of its discretion. While the
prosecution left the question of the appropriate length of imprisonment to the
court, it contended that the sentence, if it was not life imprisonment, should
not be less than 10 years in any event.

The mitigation plea for the accused

33 Harpreet Singh SC began the mitigation by reading a typewritten statement
from the accused as follows:

Ah Kong, Sir and Madam,

I am sincerely sorry for all the trouble and pain I have caused you. I have
been very sad because of Ma Ma’s death. I feel responsible. I have suffered a
lot mentally and emotionally in Prison because I keep thinking of what had
happened to Ma Ma. I always pray to God to ask for forgiveness. I wish I can
turn back time and prevent what had happened but I know I cannot. I do not
wish to fight and bring more trouble to everyone. I accept that I will have to
be punished. I am sorry. Please forgive me.

Barokah

34 The defence submitted that life imprisonment in this case would be
manifestly excessive and unjust and noted that the prosecution was not
specifically asking for that to be imposed. It reminded the court, citing V K
Rajah J’s judgment in _PP v Chee Cheong Hin Constance_ [2006] 2 SLR 707 that
the burden was on the prosecution to establish that the accused was likely to
remain a future and real danger to the public without medication and permanent
incarceration.

35 The accused’s father is an odd-job labourer and her mother is a worker in
rice fields. She is their youngest daughter. She grew up in a village in
Central Java and undertook religious studies until the equivalent of our
secondary 3 level. Her husband was from the same village. Their 10 year old
son is living with her parents in Java. She has been a responsible mother and
has shown great love and affection to her baby daughter born in prison. She
came from a close-knit family and sent most of her salary home.

36 The months preceding the offence were very stressful ones for the accused.
There was substantial stress in her relationship with her husband, in her
finances and in her dealings with her employers. Her main concern was that her
parents had her financial support back home. She was also deeply troubled by
her husband’s infidelity and that was aggravated when he told her that he had
lost $1,000. Nevertheless, she missed him and harboured fears of being
abandoned by him. In turn, she had to struggle with her own infidelity. She
missed her son and also had to cope with the guilt of having to give up
another son (from the earlier extra-marital relationship). She was a religious
person who strived to live an upright life and who struggled constantly with
her own shortcomings. She also had to struggle with the pressure of caring for
Wee’s husband, whose incontinence deprived her of sound sleep for the one
month of her employment. It was these feelings of shame, depression, anger and
fear that caused the accused to crack and commit the offence.

37 During the scuffle in the flat in the early hours of that morning, both
women sustained injuries to their bodies. Wee fell backwards and hit her head
against the wall. She then lost consciousness. That caused the accused to
panic. After checking that Wee was still breathing, she left her on the
bedroom floor and returned to the husband’s bedroom to sleep, thinking that
Wee would probably wake up and get back into bed. The scuffle did not result
in Wee’s death.

38 When Wee’s husband awoke and wanted to urinate again, he asked the accused
where Wee was. The accused then helped him to Wee’s bedroom where she tried to
revive Wee by slapping her cheeks and her legs. When Wee’s husband told her to
call the police for help by dialling “three nine”, she left the bedroom. Wee’s
husband then wanted to leave the flat to seek help but was unable to find the
house keys. The accused suggested that he call his son or go to his son’s
house. Wee’s husband then sounded the emergency alarm and the two of them left
the flat to seek help. When he reached the neighbour’s flat, the accused
returned to Wee’s flat.

39 In a further report dated 11 July 2007, Dr Nagulendran opined that the
onset of the accused’s severe reactive depression was in 2004 when she broke
off from her first extra-marital relationship with the Indonesian man while
pregnant with his child. In May 2006, the accused gave birth to a girl as a
result of her second extra-marital relationship. Her husband has agreed to be
named as the father of the girl and has indicated that he will accept the
accused and the girl. Due to the change in circumstances and the passage of
time, the reactive factors had lessened in significance and that was reflected
in her current state of mind which showed significant improvement. The accused
would now have to deal with a new set of factors such as her sadness at Wee’s
death, her return to her family and to society and her rehabilitation as a
wife and mother. She would require psychotherapy, counselling and supervision.
The duration of the treatment would be two years. The defence psychiatrist
also concluded that the incident was specific to a particular set of
circumstances which were reactive in nature and not due to genetic, organic or
personality defects and that it was unlikely that there would be a recurrence
of such abnormality of mind as the causes of her mental disorder were
transient and not of recurrent or lasting nature. The defence submitted
therefore that the accused was not a threat to society. It further argued that
as the particular set of circumstances which triggered the accused’s reaction
was no longer present and since she would return to be with her family upon
her release, there was unlikely to be any risk of re-offending.

40 The defence submitted that evidence of premeditation was absent in this
case and that the accused’s actions were a direct result of her mental
disorder that impaired her mental responsibility, thereby resulting in a
totally irrational action. Both psychiatrists supported this conclusion. She
acted impulsively. She had no history of violent behaviour. Given her mental
condition, the night’s events triggered by the threat of losing her job was
the proverbial straw that broke the camel’s back.

41 The cause of Wee’s death was not the alleged strangulation. While the
prosecution had argued that the accused had strangled Wee before the fall, the
defence contended that the circumstances in which those injuries were
inflicted were unknown. As there was no eye witness to the scuffle between the
two women, the evidence concerning strangulation should be viewed with
circumspection.

42 Once the accused had calmed down, she cooperated with the police and was
forthcoming with her evidence, even during the long hours of interrogation in
the fasting month. She handed over all material evidence.

43 The accused was remorseful and therefore decided to plead guilty. While in
remand, she spent a considerable amount of time reflecting on the unfortunate
incident, wondering how she could have lost control of herself and caused
Wee’s death.

44 The accused loved her family and her family loved and missed her. This was
demonstrated by the many testimonials from her family members, including her
husband and her ten year old son who would like to show his mother that he
could now play football and wanted her to help him with his school work. She
was generally of good character and was an inspiration and giver of support to
her son and her nephew. She planned to return to her homeland to be with her
family upon her release and would therefore not be exposed to the same kind of
situation that she found herself in at the time of the offence.

45 The defence also submitted that any considerations of public interest to
warrant a deterrent sentence must take into account V K Rajah J’s dicta in
_Tan Kay Beng v PP_ [2006] 4 SLR 10 where the judge said (at [34]) that the
precise reasons for invoking deterrence must be clearly and unambiguously
articulated. Any public interest would not be undermined by not imposing a
sentence of life imprisonment. General deterrence had a diminished role in
cases involving mental impairment causally linked to the commission of the
offence. Specific deterrence was not even required here since it was unlikely
that the accused would re-offend. The accused’s culpability was low as the
events and her actions on the day in question were spontaneous. Far from being
a devious murderer, she was merely a young female domestic worker with her own
personal troubles, struggling to perform and to earn a living in a foreign
land amidst stressful surroundings and who eventually crumbled under the
pressures. Her mental condition was reactive, not chronic, and was at least
moderately severe (see Dr Tommy Tan’s opinion). There was no evidence to
establish that she would be a future and real danger to the public without
medication and permanent incarceration.

46 The accused made no attempt to mask the offence that she had committed. She
also suggested to the husband to call his son or go to his son’s house upon
the husband noticing that Wee was lying unconscious on the floor. The accused
did not pick up any weapon. She admitted her actions immediately during
investigations by the CID. Life imprisonment for a young woman like her may
mean that she would never be released despite the reviews provided for in the
Prisons Regulations. Even ten years imprisonment would be too harsh in the
circumstances. The defence suggested that a term of 5 to 7 years would not be
inappropriate on the facts here.

The decision of the court

47 Section 304(a) of the Penal Code (Cap 224, 1985 Ed) provides:

Whoever commits culpable homicide not amounting to murder shall be punished –

(a) with imprisonment for life, or imprisonment for a term which may extend to
10 years, and shall also be liable to fine or to caning, if the act by which
death is caused is done with the intention of causing death, or of causing
such bodily injury as is likely to cause death; …

The female accused is not liable to caning by virtue of s 231(a) of the
Criminal Procedure Code (Cap 68, 1985 Ed).

48 In _PP v Sundarti Supriyanto_ [2004] 4 SLR 622 (“ _Sundarti_ ”) (judgment
on conviction) and [2004] SGHC 244 (judgment on sentence), a 21 year old
female domestic helper was charged with murder of her female employer. The
defence succeeded in showing grave and sudden provocation and she was
therefore convicted on a lesser charge of culpable homicide not amounting to
murder under s 304(a) of the Penal Code. The trial judge, M P H Rubin J, also
found that there was cogent evidence to conclude that the deceased had
subjected the accused to some measure of ill-treatment. The accused there
inflicted multiple injuries on the victim including two stab wounds to her
neck, one of which was fatal. After killing the victim, she left the scene to
buy petrol and then returned to set the office premises on fire, with the
victim inside. In sentencing the accused, Rubin J said (at [8] and [9] of the
second citation):

8 … In my view, the nature of the offence for which the accused was convicted
– let alone the charges taken into consideration – called for a higher tariff,
and certainly a sentence of ten years would be manifestly inadequate. In this
respect, I took into account the nature of the injuries inflicted on the
deceased by the accused and the manner in which she had tried to mask the
offence with a view to escaping the process of law and justice. …

9 However, having regard to the fact that there is no middle range of sentence
between ten years and life imprisonment, I sentenced the accused to a term of
life imprisonment. …

Defence counsel in that case had also read out a message of apology by the
accused to the deceased’s family. The accused in that case was not mentally
impaired but Rubin J (at [179] and [180] of the first citation) did find that
she “having had enough, lost her self-control and went berserk in fatally
attacking the deceased”, that the nature of the injuries found on the deceased
strongly suggested that they were “the acts of a person possessed of a frenzy
and denuded of self-control”, that “the cord of reason suddenly snapped when
the accused could no longer control her emotions and feelings of despair” and
that she was “not an embodiment of wickedness and evil, but a woman of normal
emotions who went awry momentarily”.

49 In _Purwanti Parji v PP_ [2005] 2 SLR 220 (“ _Purwanti_ ”) , the Court of
Appeal upheld the sentence of life imprisonment imposed by V K Rajah JC on a
female domestic helper who had not turned 18 at the time of the offence. The
accused there pleaded guilty to a charge under s 304(a) of the Penal Code for
strangling her female employer’s 57 year old mother-in-law to death. The
accused also admitted to trying to conceal her crime by making it look as if
the deceased had committed suicide before calling the police and feigning
concern for the deceased. The Court of Appeal said:

19 In _Neo Man Lee v PP_ [1991] SLR 146 (“ _Neo Man Lee_ ”), a case cited by
both counsel for the appellant and the Prosecution, the then Singapore Court
of Criminal Appeal had broadly endorsed at 148, [7] three conditions laid down
by the English Court of Appeal in _R v Hodgson_ (1968) 52 Cr App R 113 (“
_Hodgson_ ”), which would justify imposing a sentence of life imprisonment,
namely:

(a) The offence or offences are in themselves grave enough to require a very
long sentence;

(b) It appears from the nature of the offences or from the defendant’s history
that he is a person of unstable character likely to commit such offences in
the future; and

(c) If the offences are committed, the consequences to others may be specially
injurious, as in the case of sexual offences or crimes of violence.

For convenience, we will refer to the conditions as the _Hodgson_ conditions.

21 The bone of contention lay in condition (b). Counsel for the appellant
submitted that this condition was not satisfied. To this end, counsel argued
that firstly, there was no likelihood of the appellant committing similar
offences in the future. This was because the appellant would be immediately
repatriated to Indonesia upon her release from imprisonment, and that she
would never be allowed to return to Singapore. With respect, we did not find
that submission assuring. Given that the appellant badly needed to stay
employed, she might well assume a different identity, and seek to re-enter
Singapore as a domestic worker. To our minds, this was not at all far-fetched.
…

23 With regard to the present case, we were of the view that the appellant is
of unstable character although not mentally impaired. The appellant did not
attack and kill the deceased because she had laboured under a loss of self-
control, and had consequently acted spontaneously or instinctively in response
to some grave and sudden provocation by the deceased. Instead, the killing was
motivated by ill feelings and resentment that had festered because of her
brittle and immature temperament. We sympathised with the appellant’s
childhood, or the lack thereof, which might well have shaped the very
temperament that had led to this regrettable episode. However, we were more
concerned that such a disposition had since been deeply rooted in her, and it
was unlikely that it could be tempered in the short run. Without long-term
rehabilitation to correct such a short fuse, we were of the view that the
appellant is unstable and is likely to become sufficiently incensed to kill
yet another person, who has the misfortune of crossing her path in the future.
To our minds, condition (b) is satisfied in the circumstances.

24 We should also add that no matter how entrenched the _Hodgson_ conditions
might have become in our sentencing jurisprudence, they are but mere
guidelines. As such, their status should not be overstated. We were fortified
in our view by the fact that the guidelines were only broadly endorsed in _Neo
Man Lee_.

25 However, even if the _Hodgson_ conditions were satisfied, the court must
exercise caution before committing a young offender to life imprisonment,
especially since life imprisonment now means imprisonment for the rest of the
prisoner’s natural life.

26 … We noted that in the present case, the appellant is a young offender,
being only 17 years old at the time of the offence. However, the presence of
aggravating factors, and the fact that the value of the mitigating factors is
either limited, or is outweighed by the public interest of upholding the
employer-domestic worker relationship, justified putting the appellant away
for a longer period of time. In the circumstances, this is a case where a
sentence of ten years’ imprisonment would be wholly inappropriate and
inadequate, and where a sentence of life imprisonment would not be excessive.
…

50 The Court of Appeal then proceeded to consider the aggravating factors in
the case. The court affirmed that an act done after deliberation and with
premeditation would aggravate the offence, as opposed to the situation where
it is done on the spur of the moment and “in hot blood”. It found that the
accused there had put in some thought and planning in her crime, agreeing with
the trial judge that she had staged the scene to make it look as if the
deceased had committed suicide (among other factors). The court also held that
the law needed to protect certain groups of vulnerable and defenceless
persons, such as the handicapped, incapacitated, children and the elderly and
that anyone who committed an offence against such persons ought to be dealt
with more severely. It noted that the deceased there was 57 years old and, if
not by virtue of age, was also vulnerable and defenceless as the accused had
caught her by surprise by sitting on her chest and strangling her while she
was asleep.

51 The Court of Appeal also held that prevalence of an offence was a relevant
aggravating factor. It went on to state (at [33]):

We note that in recent times, there is a worrying trend of domestic workers
inflicting violence on their employers and/or family members. … Secondly, not
all domestic workers who had inflicted violence were teenagers. … We,
therefore, felt a need to impose a heavier sentence to attempt to curb this
new wave of socially disruptive behaviour.

This was said by the Court of Appeal in February 2005. The present offence
took place in October 2005. The Court of Appeal reiterated this approach when
it said subsequently in its judgment (at [48]):

48 … We have already stated earlier that in upholding the employer-domestic
worker relationship, deterrent sentences need to be meted out to violent
domestic workers, as is the case for abusive employers.

52 The Court of Appeal further stated (at [34]) that the court could depart
from the general rule (that rehabilitation was the dominant consideration when
dealing with young offenders of 21 years of age and below) when dealing with
“atypical” young offenders, for instance, those who were calculating in their
offences. It held (at [38]) that the absence of antecedents was, like all
other mitigating factors, something to be taken into account by the court and
weighed against other factors, “the first and foremost of which, in the
balancing process, is the public interest”. The court added (at [37]) that
although past sentencing cases were helpful, they were but mere guidelines and
that each case must be looked at on its own unique facts and each offender in
his own circumstances, noting that the case before the court involved violence
in the “unique context of an employer-domestic worker relationship” and that
cases involving violence in other various contexts were accordingly not very
helpful.

53 In _PP v Juminem and another_ [2005] 4 SLR 536, both accused persons were
Indonesian domestic helpers aged 18 and 15 respectively at the time of the
offence. The first accused worked for the female victim aged 47 while the
second accused worked for the victim’s former husband. Both the accused were
tried on a joint charge of murder for smothering and strangling the victim to
death after she had gone to sleep. The second accused had agreed to the first
accused’s suggestion that they kill her employer as the first accused was
angry with her employer’s ill treatment of her. There was premeditation and
planning for about a week. At the conclusion of the trial, Choo Han Teck J
held that both accused were entitled to rely on the exception of diminished
responsibility and, accordingly, he convicted them on a lesser charge under s
304(a) of the Penal Code. The first accused suffered from a depressive
disorder and from some physical abuse by her employer while the second accused
was young, immature, of low intellect, possessed a sedate personality and
suffered from depressive illness. They were sentenced to undergo life
imprisonment and ten years imprisonment respectively.

54 In _PP v Rohana_ [2006] SGHC 52, the accused, a 21 year old Indonesian
domestic helper, pleaded guilty to having caused the death of her female
employer aged 39 by strangling her. She admitted to having hit the victim’s
head with a large and heavy ornamental crystal object with such force that the
object broke upon impact. When neighbours who had heard the commotion in the
flat rang the door bell and shouted to the accused to open the door, she lied
that she could not do so as her employer was still sleeping. She then tried to
clean up the scene of crime. When the neighbours persisted, she lied
repeatedly that her employer was out and would not allow her to open the door.
Officers from the Singapore Civil Defence Force had to force the door open.

55 Counsel for the accused in that case stressed the simple background of the
accused and the history of abuse she had suffered, including physical abuse
such as slapping by the employer. The accused was suffering from an
abnormality of mind resulting from her moderately severe depressive episode.
Woo Bih Li J, in sentencing the accused to ten years imprisonment, said:

12 … However, I was of the view that the fact that the three conditions were
satisfied did not necessarily mean that a sentence of life imprisonment should
be imposed and “the court must exercise caution before committing a young
offender to life imprisonment, especially since life imprisonment now means
imprisonment for the rest of the prisoner’s natural life”; _per_ Yong Pung How
CJ in _Purwanti_ at [25].

13 I did not think that the three cases cited indicated a sentencing norm for
cases under s 304(a) where a maid has killed an employer or a relative of the
employer. Even if they did, they did not restrict the court’s power to impose
such a sentence as the court considered appropriate in the particular
circumstances of the case.

14 A key feature which distinguished the case before me from _Purwanti_ and
_Juminem_ was that the actions of the accused persons in those cases were
premeditated. The judgment in _Sundarti_ on sentencing does not indicate
whether the actions there of the accused were premeditated. In any event, as I
have mentioned, the accused’s actions there caused the death of two lives
resulting in a charge under s 304(a) being taken into consideration in
sentencing. True, Rohana had also sought to cover up her crime but not in the
manner that Sundarti did by starting a fire. I would add that there were
various aggravating factors in _Purwanti_.

15 As for the 75 injuries inflicted on the deceased, most were minor. …

16 It is obvious that maid abuse cannot be condoned in our society but it is
equally clear that acts of violence, which are not in self-defence, by maids
against their employers cannot be tolerated, especially when such acts result
in a fatality. I was concerned about what appeared to be a recent spate of
incidents of maids killing their employers which must obviously be
discouraged. …

17 Nevertheless, having considered all the circumstances before me, including
the absence of premeditation, I did not consider life imprisonment to be
appropriate. I also did not consider a term of five to eight years suggested
by [defence counsel] to be an adequate sentence. Accordingly, I sentenced the
accused, Rohana, to imprisonment for ten years from 4 July 2005, being the
date of her remand.

56 In _PP v Aguilar Guen Garlejo_ [2006] 3 SLR 247 (“ _Aguilar_ ”), a 30 year
old female domestic helper from the Philippines smothered and strangled to
death her female friend in her employer’s apartment and then dismembered the
body, placing the body parts into a bag and a suitcase which she later left at
two different locations in Singapore. The victim had visited the accused in
her employer’s apartment. A bitter argument broke out which escalated into a
fight. The accused pleaded guilty to a charge under s 304(a) of the Penal
Code. The evidence before the court (at [37]) was that the accused there was
labouring from masked depression or a single episode of moderate major
depression. In a single episode, there was a clear and distinct start and end
to the depression. Taking into consideration the case history and the
background of the accused, the prosecution’s consultant psychiatrist concluded
that the accused had a low risk of recidivism. Before sentencing the accused
to ten years imprisonment, V K Rajah J reasoned as follows (including an
analysis of the cases discussed above):

43 … Generally speaking, the degree of premeditation as well as the age of the
offender are crucial factors tipping the scales for or against a sentence of
indeterminate duration.

45 The burden is on the Prosecution to adduce facts intimating that life
imprisonment is an appropriate sentence for the accused. This is a burden that
the Prosecution has pointedly declined to either address or discharge in the
instant case. …

53 At the outset, I have to acknowledge and duly take into account the
accused’s improbable likelihood of re-offending as assessed by Dr Tan. The
accused’s depression had a distinct beginning in that it was triggered by her
own domestic complications and compounded by her financial predicament. The
accused now appears to have recovered from her transient illness. Familiar
support and medical counselling will further diminish any risk of future
offences and ameliorate her chances of recovery. It is noteworthy that even
the mayor of her home town has given concrete assurances that she will receive
the necessary counselling support and supervision once her incarceration ends.
In the circumstances, the imposition of a sentence of indeterminate duration
on the accused is clearly inappropriate.

54 Her prevailing illness, at the time the offence was committed, strongly
suggests that the element of premeditation was lacking. The injuries sustained
by both the accused and the deceased support Dr Wee’s postulation that there
was indeed a fight. No weapon was used in inflicting the ante-mortem injuries.
It is now undisputed that the deceased died from strangulation. It is,
however, germane to note in this connection that the ante-mortem injuries
sustained by the deceased were very much greater in their severity as compared
to those sustained by the accused. This suggests that the accused had the
upper hand throughout the struggle.

55 The accused had at least two opportunities to avoid killing the deceased. …
Granting that the accused suffered from a mental abnormality, it still cannot
be credibly gainsaid that she could at all material times distinguish between
right and wrong.

56 … It would seem at first blush that the act of dismemberment manifested an
intention to conceal her crime as evidenced by her immediate attempts to
clumsily conceal the body and clean up the Sunglade apartment. However, by
choosing to plant the deceased’s head and torso in two very public places the
accused’s behaviour strikes one as nothing short of incoherent and
incomprehensible. At that juncture she no longer sought to conceal the
deceased’s demise. Her post-offence conduct was baffling and testament to the
workings of a tortured mind. It would be fair, all things considered, to infer
that her prevailing illness was in all likelihood severely exacerbated after
she killed the deceased.

**Conclusion**

57 It is most unfortunate that a tragic concatenation of distressing
circumstances had conspired to trap the accused in a state of transient mental
abnormality. That said, her illness did not in any way dispossess her of the
ability to distinguish between right and wrong. While sympathy may be added,
justice cannot be subtracted from the sentencing equation. The accused has
consciously caused the loss of a life. An appropriate sentence has to be
imposed. I determine, upon considering all the relevant circumstances, that
the appropriate sentence for the accused is a term of imprisonment of ten
years commencing from the date of her arrest on 10 September 2005.

_Aguilar_ was not a case involving a domestic worker-employer relationship.

57 Applying the collective wisdom of the cases discussed above, I now explain
why I felt compelled to sentence the accused here to life imprisonment. Wee,
the victim, was not only an elderly woman of 75 years of age, she was
unconscious and completely at the accused’s mercy at the material time. The
altercation and the fight between the two women were over. Wee had been
decisively defeated and lay on the floor unable to move or even to shout for
help. The accused had time to recover and reflect on the incident. I accepted
that she did not plan before the altercation and fight to kill Wee that
morning. However, as the courts have noted, intention can be formed on the
spur of the moment. Throwing any person, let alone a completely helpless,
unconscious elderly woman, down from the ninth storey to die on impact shows
how cold-blooded and dangerous the killer must be, even after taking into
account the diagnosis of depression, whether severe or moderately so. It was
undisputed that the accused could still tell the difference between right and
wrong when she committed the horrendous act. It must be emphasized that the
act of pushing Wee to her death was not a continuum of the struggle, unlike
the situation where one party pushes the other over a ledge or a balcony in
the heat of a fight. The fight was over and the opponent as it were was
knocked out.

58 Wee was effectively the accused’s employer. The crime was perpetrated in
the very place that Wee and her husband probably felt most secure in – home –
by a person in whom a significant amount of trust is reposed. I repeat the
words of the Court of Appeal in _Purwanti_ (at [52]) above, that “in upholding
the employer-domestic worker relationship, deterrent sentences need to be
meted out to violent domestic workers, as is the case for abusive employers”.
It was further not in dispute that the accused did not suffer any ill-
treatment or abuse in the one month that she was working for Wee’s family.

59 The accused’s actions before and after the killing showed that she was
actually quite collected in her thought process despite her depression.
Initially, she tried to prevent Wee’s husband from entering Wee’s bedroom,
claiming that Wee did not want to be disturbed. She then feigned concern for
Wee by trying to revive her, after having abandoned her earlier. When Wee’s
husband decided to go to his neighbour for help, she went back into Wee’s
bedroom to dispose of the utterly defenceless woman, obviously knowing that
the frail and sickly man would take some time to come back to the flat. After
lifting and pushing Wee out of the bedroom window, the accused had the
presence of mind to shut the window grilles. She was then able to repeatedly
feign ignorance about Wee’s whereabouts when questioned and could later lie to
the neighbour, to Wee’s family and even the police that perhaps she had gone
for her morning exercise. In my opinion, what the accused has done shows her
to be a dangerous person especially when her livelihood is at stake, even when
she is in the wrong (like she was that fateful morning when she sneaked out of
the flat to meet her paramour).

60 The medical diagnosis for the accused was that it was unlikely that there
would be a “recurrence of such abnormality of mind as the causes of her mental
disorder were transient and not of recurrent or lasting nature” (see Dr
Nagulendran’s second report) and that she needed treatment (psychotherapy,
counselling and supervision) for two years. I note that Dr Nagulendran did not
make any comment about Dr Tommy Tan’s finding that the accused may have a
dependent personality disorder. The accused’s husband has been working abroad
for the past several years and there is no indication that his family can
afford to do away with his income from abroad. In all likelihood, he will
continue to do so for the foreseeable future. If the accused is released after
a few short years and returns home, she will still not have her husband “to
guide her in all things” (see Dr Tommy Tan’s second report). That would be so
even if she were to work in the same country as her husband (which she did for
a while in Malaysia but for some reason, she decided to return to Singapore to
work). There is therefore little prospect of amelioration of her dependent
personality disorder. She is likely to feel the need to be involved again with
another man which will in turn make her feel guilty again and lead to or
exacerbate her depression again.

61 The accused will be repatriated to her homeland after she has served her
sentence here. She could undertake never to return here but, as the Court of
Appeal in _Purwanti_ noted, there was the likelihood that such accused persons
might return under an assumed identity, especially when the weight of
financial needs begins to be felt again. There is no evidence that her
family’s finances have got any better. The accused and her husband will have a
young daughter to take care of in the coming years, in addition to their ten
year old son. In all likelihood, her family’s financial situation will become
more difficult rather than improve and she might be compelled to seek
employment here again. Even if she were to seek employment in other countries,
we would be doing a disservice to her future employer elsewhere (and indeed,
even in her own homeland) if she were to re-offend given her dependent
personality disorder with its likely outcome. Of course, the exact scenario of
that fateful morning in October 2005 may never replay itself but surely, there
is nothing so unique about an argument between a domestic worker and her
employer or another worker that it is unlikely to happen again. With the
accused’s personality disorder, her violent temperament (demonstrated during
the quarrel and the fight when she was capable of strangling an elderly woman)
and her unstable employment history, there is every likelihood that something
will flare up again and that someone in future will get hurt badly, if not
killed (and there are many more ways of killing besides pushing an unconscious
elderly woman out of the window).

62 Life imprisonment in s 304(a) of the Penal Code is not reserved for only
the incurable mentally impaired person or those who require long term
treatment. The _Hodgson_ conditions are merely guidelines and their status
should not be overstated (see _Purwanti_ at [50] above). The courts do not
determine the length of imprisonment by simply correlating it with the period
of treatment needed for the accused person. It has been repeated many times in
other cases that all the individual circumstances of a case must be looked at.
That is why even a teenaged female accused in _Purwanti_ , not mentally
impaired but of unstable character, could be sentenced to imprisonment for
life. Despite the accused’s plea of guilt and the very able mitigation plea
put up by her senior counsel and his team, I was of the view that life
imprisonment ought to be imposed in this case. The sentence was deemed to have
commenced from the date of her arrest on 19 October 2005.

63 At the request of defence counsel, the accused’s family and members of the
Indonesian Embassy were permitted to speak to the accused in court for 15
minutes after the proceedings concluded.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 11 Feb 2008 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

