Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Gnaguru s/o Thamboo Mylvaganam v Law Society of Singapore  
[2008] SGHC 34

Case Number | : | OS 1573/2007  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 29 February 2008  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA; Tan Lee Meng J; Tay Yong Kwang J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Vergis S Abraham and Clive Myint Soe (Drew & Napier LLC) for the applicant; Lok Vi Ming SC and Koh Kia Jeng (Rodyk & Davidson LLP) for the respondent; Mavis Chionh (Attorney-General's Chambers) for the Attorney-General   
Parties | : |  Gnaguru s/o Thamboo Mylvaganam — Law Society of Singapore   
  
Legal Profession – Reinstatement on roll of advocates and solicitors – Second
attempt at reinstatement – Application made 13 years and two months after
striking off – Lawyer struck off after conviction for offence implying defect
of character – Whether lawyer fit to be restored on roll – Section 102 Legal
Profession Act (Cap 161, 2001 Rev Ed)  
  

29 February 2008 |   
---|---  
  
Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA (delivering the grounds of decision of the court):

Introduction

1 This is the _second_ attempt by Gnaguru s/o Thamboo Mylvaganam (“the
Applicant”) to be reinstated to the roll of advocates and solicitors of the
Supreme Court of Singapore (“the Roll”) pursuant to s 102(1) of the Legal
Profession Act (Cap 161, 2001 Rev Ed) (“the Act”). The Applicant had been
struck off the Roll on 31 August 1994 as a result of his conviction under s
174 read with s 109 of the Penal Code (Cap 224, 1985 Rev Ed) (“the PC”), which
fell within the meaning of s 83(2)(_a_) of the Legal Profession Act (Cap 161,
1990 Rev Ed) (“the 1990 Act”). After hearing the submissions of the respective
parties, we allowed the application. We now give the reasons for our decision.

Factual background

2 The Applicant is 55 years of age. He was called as a barrister-at-law of
England in 1984, and was subsequently admitted as an advocate and solicitor of
the Supreme Court of Singapore on 11 December 1985. In early 1986, the
Applicant commenced his own legal practice under the name M/s Guru & Partners.

**_Events leading to the Applicant’s striking off_**

3 The Applicant was an advocate and solicitor of some eight years’ standing
when he was convicted under s 174 read with s 109 of the PC on 28 June 1993.

4 The events leading to the Applicant being charged for the above-mentioned
offence were as follows. In late January 1989, the Applicant’s friend and
family doctor, Dr Ramaswami s/o R V Narasimhalu Naidu (“Dr Ramaswami”), agreed
to provide the Applicant’s clients with medical certificates excusing them
from attending court even if they were not ill. Thereafter, some of the
Applicant’s clients, including Mr Teo In Hin (“Mr Teo”), took advantage of the
arrangement which the Applicant had with Dr Ramaswami.

5 In Mr Teo’s case, Mr Teo had, a few days before 3 December 1990, sought
legal advice from the Applicant concerning a case fixed for hearing on 3 and 4
December 1990 in the Subordinate Courts. The Applicant advised Mr Teo to seek
an adjournment on the first day of the hearing. To that end, the Applicant
instigated Mr Teo to obtain a medical certificate from Dr Ramaswami to certify
that Mr Teo was unfit to attend court. On the morning of 3 December 1990, Mr
Teo went to see Dr Ramaswami and was asked how many days of medical leave he
required. Mr Teo informed Dr Ramaswami that the trial was fixed for 3 and 4
December 1990, and was duly issued with a medical certificate certifying that
he was unfit to attend court on those two days even though he was not ill. The
Applicant tendered that medical certificate to the court and Mr Teo’s case was
adjourned.

6 On 28 June 1993, the Applicant pleaded guilty in the Subordinate Courts to
one charge, under s 174 read with s 109 of the PC, of abetting Mr Teo in
intentionally omitting to attend the court hearing scheduled for 3 and 4
December 1990 by instigating the latter to obtain a medical certificate from
Dr Ramaswami to certify that he (Mr Teo) was unfit to attend court on those
dates. Seven similar charges were taken into consideration. The Applicant was
sentenced to three weeks’ imprisonment and fined $1,000. He did not appeal
against the sentence.

7 Following the Applicant’s conviction, the Law Society of Singapore (“the Law
Society”) commenced disciplinary proceedings against the Applicant and
preferred the following charge against him:

You, Gnaguru s/o Thamboo Mylvaganam are charged that on the 28th day of June
1993, you were convicted in District Court No. 4 in DAC 85 of 1993 of a charge
of abetting a client, one Teo In Hin, in the commission of the offence of
intentionally omitting to attend at the Subordinate Court from the 3rd to the
4th December 1990, in obedience to an order made by a Judicial Officer, an
offence punishable under Section 174 read with Section 109 of the Penal Code,
Chapter 224, and together with seven (7) other similar charges which were
taken into consideration, you were sentenced to three (3) weeks’ imprisonment
and to pay a fine of $1,000.00, and further, you committed these said offences
whilst acting in your capacity as an Advocate and Solicitor and you are
thereby guilty of conduct implying a defect of character which makes you unfit
for your profession within the meaning of Section 83(2)(a) of the Legal
Profession Act, Chapter 161.

In its report dated 30 May 1994, the disciplinary committee of the Law Society
determined that cause of sufficient gravity existed for disciplinary action to
be taken against the Applicant. As such, the Law Society made an application
under s 98(1) of the 1990 Act for the Applicant to show cause as to why he
should not be struck off the Roll.

8 On 31 August 1994, at the show cause proceedings, the Applicant chose not to
appear before this court (see _Re Gnaguru s/o Thamboo Mylvaganam_ [1994] SGHC
229 at [1]). This court concluded (_id_ at [6]) that the conviction of the
Applicant implied a defect of character which made him unfit for his
profession within the meaning of s 83(2)(_a_) of the 1990 Act as the offence
committed by him involved an obstruction of the machinery of justice.
Accordingly, this court was satisfied that due cause had been shown, as
required by s 83(1) of the 1990 Act, for disciplinary action to be taken, and
the Applicant was struck off the Roll.

**_Events subsequent to the Applicant’s striking off_**

9 After being struck off the Roll, the Applicant worked as a legal officer for
Spandeck Engineering (S) Pte Ltd, a company specialising in precast
prestressed concrete components for the construction of buildings, from 1995
to 1999. He was subsequently an in-house legal adviser to Pilecon Engineering
Bhd, a public listed construction company based in Malaysia offering soil and
foundation engineering services for building and civil engineering projects,
from 1999 to 2003. From 2003 to 2004, the Applicant assisted Mr Ravi s/o
Madasamy of M/s M Ravi & Co in the research and drafting of submissions for
various criminal matters which the latter was involved in.

**_The Applicant’s first application for reinstatement_**

10 On 7 April 2004, almost ten years after being struck off the Roll, the
Applicant applied via Originating Motion No 15 of 2004 to be reinstated to the
Roll (“the first reinstatement application”). That application was dismissed
(see _Re Gnaguru s/o Thamboo Mylvaganam_ [2004] SGHC 180 (“ _Gnaguru_ ”)).

11 In considering the first reinstatement application, this court was
satisfied that the application was not premature, given that the Applicant had
been kept off the Roll for almost ten years such that it could hardly be said
that he had not felt the full effects of the penalty imposed on him (see
_Gnaguru_ at [10]). The Applicant had already paid a high price for his
misdeeds, and, in principle, sentences of exclusion from the legal profession
need not be exclusive forever (_id_ at [18], citing _Re Chan Chow Wang_
[1982-1983] SLR 413 at 414, [6]).

12 However, it was still incumbent on the Applicant to show that he was, by
the time of the first reinstatement application, of such reformed character
that he could be relied upon to discharge the professional duties of an
advocate and solicitor with honour and integrity. In this respect, this court
found that the Applicant’s case was woefully inadequate. In its grounds of
decision, this court noted (_Gnaguru_ at [19]) that, apart from the
Applicant’s own affidavits, there was no real evidence to substantiate the
Applicant’s claims of rehabilitation. The letters of recommendation from other
members of the Bar which the Applicant had submitted merely spoke of his deep
interest in the law and his friendly and affable disposition. There was not a
single letter which attested to the Applicant’s trustworthiness and good
character. As a consequence, in the absence of any substantive evidence, the
court held (_ibid_) that it could not accept the Applicant’s bare assertion
that his character had so changed that he was fit to be re-admitted to the
Bar. Accordingly, the first reinstatement application was dismissed.

**_Events since the first reinstatement application_**

13 The Applicant was employed by the Singapore branch of USANA Inc, a company
involved in the wellness network marketing business, in 2004. Two years later,
he joined Melaleuca Inc, a referral marketing company based in the United
States of America, as a marketing executive.

The present application for reinstatement

14 On 23 October 2007, the Applicant filed the present application
(Originating Summons No 1573 of 2007) to have his name replaced on the Roll
(“the present application”). The present application was made some 13 years
and two months after the Applicant was removed from the Roll, and some three
years and two months after the first reinstatement application was rejected.

**_The Applicant’s submissions_**

15 The Applicant submitted that, in considering the first reinstatement
application, this court found that that application, made some ten years after
his striking off from the Roll, was not premature and that he had already paid
a high price for what he had done (see [11] above). He added that his record
had remained unblemished since his conviction in June 1993 and that his
offence was less serious compared to the offences concerned in other
applications for reinstatement under s 102 of the Act.

16 The Applicant also tendered letters in support of the present application
from both members of the legal fraternity as well as other members of the
community. To this end, the Applicant contended that his contributions to the
legal fraternity over the last few years evinced not only his love for the
law, but also his claim of having been reformed and rehabilitated. He further
stated that he had been offered a position by Mr K Ravintheran of M/s K Ravi
Associates should the present application be granted.

17 For reasons that will become apparent in a moment, of significance to the
present case was a letter of commendation by Mr Daniel Tint Lwin (“Daniel”)
dated 17 July 2007 (“the Letter of Commendation”), which was tendered by the
Applicant together with the present application. Daniel is the manager of the
Training, Services and Business Development Division of RSVP ProGuide Pte Ltd
(“RSVP ProGuide”), a social enterprise company formed by the Retired and
Senior Volunteer Programme (Singapore) (“RSVP”). RSVP is a non-profit
organisation which provides community-based services to a broad spectrum of
society by providing opportunities for seniors to serve the community with
their talents and experience. In May 2006, the Applicant joined RSVP as a
member. RSVP ProGuide later offered him an appointment as a technical adviser
to the Kingdom of Cambodia’s Royal Academy for Judicial Professions (“the
Cambodian Judicial Academy”) in Phnom Penh, where he was to conduct courses
and train student judges and prosecutors in the technical and legal use of the
English language. This was part of the “English for Law” initiative
spearheaded by Singapore’s Ministry of Foreign Affairs and the Cambodian
Judicial Academy. The Applicant conducted an initial course in December 2006
and – given the positive feedback from participants of the first course –
repeated the course in June and July 2007. In this connection, Daniel wrote
the Letter of Commendation praising the Applicant’s contributions to this
programme. The Applicant also received a letter of appreciation from the
president of the Cambodian Judicial Academy.

18 It bears mention that at the time the Applicant was offered the above
appointment, neither RSVP ProGuide nor RSVP was aware that he had been struck
off the Roll. The Applicant made no mention of this fact when he registered
with these two organisations. As such, Daniel, in his affidavit filed on 7
January 2008 (“Daniel’s affidavit”), stated that had RSVP ProGuide and RSVP
known that the Applicant was a disbarred lawyer, they would not have offered
him the appointment. Accordingly, via that affidavit, Daniel withdrew the
Letter of Commendation.

**_The Law Society’s position_**

19 In the light of the Applicant’s failure to disclose the fact of his
striking off from the Roll to the organisers of the “English for Law” course,
some members of the council of the Law Society (“the Council”) questioned the
completeness of the Applicant’s rehabilitation. However, the majority of the
Council decided not to object to the present application provided the
Applicant undertook to abide by the following terms, which were to be added as
conditions to his practising certificate should he be reinstated to the Roll:

(a) the Applicant would not practise as a sole proprietor for a period of two
years;

(b) for a period of two years, the Applicant would not seek or accept
employment as an advocate and solicitor from a sole proprietor unless the
latter was a “senior category” member under the classification adopted by the
Law Society;

(c) the Applicant would not hold and receive moneys or act as a signatory to
any client’s account;

(d) the Applicant would, by 31 December 2008, attend ten hours of training
under the Law Society’s “Continuing Professional Development” scheme, of which
two hours would involve professional ethics or responsibilities; and

(e) the Applicant would, by 31 December 2008, perform 25 hours of voluntary
_pro bono_ service with the Law Society’s _pro bono_ services department.

20 The undertakings in the preceding paragraph were communicated to the
Applicant’s solicitors on 15 January 2008, and the Applicant confirmed his
acceptance of the conditions on the same day.

**_The Attorney-General’s position_**

21 The Attorney-General had initially objected to the present application.
This was due to Daniel’s affidavit stating his (Daniel’s) withdrawal of the
Letter of Commendation (see [18] above).

22 However, as the Applicant agreed not to rely on the references which
mentioned his participation in the “English for Law” programme and also agreed
to the conditions imposed by the Law Society (as set out at [19] above),
counsel for the Attorney-General, Ms Mavis Chionh, informed this court that
the Attorney-General was no longer objecting to the present application. This
was because any doubts which had been raised by the Applicant’s failure to
disclose his status as a disbarred lawyer had been sufficiently mitigated by
the terms imposed by the Law Society.

The law

23 Section 102 of the Act empowers the court to replace on the Roll the name
of a solicitor whose name has been struck off. This particular provision reads
as follows:

**102.** —(1) The court may, if it thinks fit, at any time order the Registrar
to replace on the roll the name of a solicitor whose name has been removed
from, or struck off, the roll.

(2) Any application that the name of a solicitor be replaced on the roll shall
be by originating summons, supported by affidavit, before a court of 3 Judges
of the Supreme Court of whom the Chief Justice shall be one.

(3) The originating summons shall be served on the Society which shall —

(_a_) appear at the hearing of the application; and

(_b_) place before the court a report which shall include —

(i) copies of the record of any proceedings as the result of which the name of
the solicitor was removed from or struck off the roll; and

(ii) a statement of any facts which have occurred since the name of the
solicitor was removed from or struck off the roll and which in the opinion of
the Council or any member of the Councils [_sic_] are relevant to be
considered or to be investigated in connection with the application.

24 The basic principles that guide the court in relation to an application for
reinstatement to the Roll were recently restated by this court in _Knight
Glenn Jeyasingam v Law Society of Singapore_ [2007] 3 SLR 704 (“ _Glenn
Knight_ ”) and _Narindar Singh Kang v Law Society of Singapore_ [2007] 4 SLR
641 (“ _Narindar Singh Kang_ ”). In _Glenn Knight_ (which constitutes the
seminal decision), Chan Sek Keong CJ observed thus (at [43]):

[W]e would like to emphasise that we have not laid down a general principle
that if an advocate and solicitor has been disbarred for any particular
lengthy period of time, say ten years and longer, he will automatically be
entitled to be restored to the roll if he has a subsequent blemish-free
history and receives the support of prominent members of the legal community.
Each case must be decided on its own facts. One of the most important
considerations must be the nature of the transgression that had resulted in
his disbarment in the first place. The transgression, in terms of its
criminality and its gravity, will invariably feature prominently in the
court’s assessment of the adequacy of the period of time that has lapsed since
the applicant has ceased practice. But equally, if not more, important would
be its effect or potential effect on the integrity of the courts and the
administration of justice. Every advocate and solicitor is an officer of the
court and a serious failure to support and uphold the administration of
justice cannot be lightly papered over notwithstanding the passage of time. It
is not possible to enumerate all the material factors. Indeed, as a matter of
principle, it is possible that the transgression of the advocate and solicitor
could result in his being disbarred for a very long time (although we hope
that this would be rare) if the nature of his misconduct shows he does not
deserve to be restored to the roll.

25 In _Narindar Singh Kang_ , this court emphasised two related aspects (or
factors) which would guide the court in arriving at its decision – both of
which were described (at [38]) as “often pivotal to applications of this
nature”. Further, this court pointed out that both of these factors are “
_equally_ important” [emphasis in original] and “both interact – and [are]
integrated – with each other” (_ibid_). These two factors correspond to a
focus on the _individual applicant_ and the _public interest, respectively_ ,
as embodied in the following observations (_Narindar Singh Kang_ at
[39]–[41]):

39 The first is the focus on the _applicant_ himself or herself. More
specifically, the issue is whether or not the applicant has demonstrated,
through his or her conduct and actions during the interim period, that he or
she has been fully rehabilitated and is now a fit person to be restored to the
roll. Or is it likely that the applicant might, on the contrary, lapse into
the same (or similar) conduct that resulted in him or her being struck off the
roll in the first instance? In this regard, both the objective evidence of
what he or she has been involved in during the relevant period (between being
struck off the roll and applying for restoration to the roll) as well as
references (particularly from members of the legal fraternity) would
constitute the best evidence as to whether or not the question just posed
ought to be answered in the affirmative. The categories of evidence are, of
course, not closed and would include evidence of the applicant’s medical
condition (in particular, where it is alleged that the applicant is suffering
from a medical condition that renders him or her unfit for practice, albeit
through no fault of his or her own …). This particular consideration is, in
many ways, a threshold one because if, for example, the applicant might lapse
back into the same (or similar) conduct that resulted in him or her being
struck [off] the roll in the first instance, then it is clear beyond
peradventure that the applicant cannot be restored to the roll. It is
important to note, at this juncture, that this (first) focus _overlaps_ with
one key element of the second inasmuch as in so far as the applicant is found
to be fully rehabilitated and is now fit to be restored to the roll, to _that_
extent, there is _no likelihood of danger of any harm to the wider public_. …

40 The second broad area of focus is on the _public interest …_ In this
regard, the _key considerations_ _or elements_ are, respectively, the
_protection_ of the public _and public confidence_ in _the general reputation
of the legal profession_. This particular area of focus is broader than the
first inasmuch as it extends beyond the applicant’s own circumstances and
personal situation. …

41 It is important to emphasise that whilst the possible (and _specific_)
_harm_ which might be caused to _the public_ is clearly a factor that must be
considered, this is (as already mentioned above) _related_ , in point of fact,
to the issue as to whether or not the _applicant_ is sufficiently
rehabilitated and therefore has ceased to pose a danger to the public in this
particular respect. _However_ , this factor is, as alluded to above, _but one_
of the _two_ _elements_ _of public interest_ which this court must consider.
There is a _further_ (and _second_) element … This relates to _the need to
maintain public confidence in the general reputation and standing of the legal
profession_. Put simply, would the restoration of the applicant concerned
_diminish public confidence in the general reputation and standing of the
legal profession_? A _negative_ answer to this question is, in our view,
necessary before the applicant can be restored to the roll. In other words,
the fact that the applicant can demonstrate to this court’s satisfaction that
he or she has repented fully and will not commit the same (or a similar)
disciplinary infraction again is a necessary, _but not sufficient_ , condition
for restoration to the roll. …

[emphasis in original]

Our decision

**_Whether the Applicant has been fully rehabilitated_**

26 Applying the principles set out in the preceding section of these grounds
of decision to the present application, and turning, first, to the issue of
whether or not the Applicant has demonstrated, through his conduct and actions
during the interim period, that he has been fully rehabilitated and is now a
fit person to be restored to the Roll, we note that two main periods of time
need to be considered.

27 The first is the period from the time the Applicant was struck off the Roll
to the time of the first reinstatement application. A brief background was
given above (at [12]) as to why this court rejected the first reinstatement
application. However, the court was not altogether negative towards that
application, and it is relevant, in our view, to now examine its reasons in
more detail. In particular, Yong Pung How CJ was of the view that the first
reinstatement application “was not premature” and that “[g]iven that the
[A]pplicant had been kept off the [R]oll for almost ten years, it could hardly
be said that he [had] not felt the full effects of the penalty imposed on him”
(_Gnaguru_ ([10] _supra_) at [10]).

28  However, the Applicant failed in the first reinstatement application
because (_id_ at [19]):

Apart from [the Applicant’s] own affidavits, there was no real evidence to
substantiate his claims of rehabilitation. _The letters of recommendation from
other members of the Bar_ , which we considered at length, _merely spoke of
the [A]pplicant’s deep interest in the law and his friendly and affable
disposition. We found it telling that not a single letter attested to his
trustworthiness and good character, which was our essential concern here_. The
letters from the Red Cross also added little, if any, value to his
application. In the absence of any substantive evidence, we could not accept
the [A]pplicant’s bare assertion that his character had so changed that he was
now fit to be re-admitted to the Bar. [emphasis added]

29  It should also be noted that although the Law Society did not object to
the first reinstatement application, the Attorney-General objected on the
basis that the Applicant had attended a pre-trial conference with another
lawyer before a district judge some four months earlier on 20 April 2004 and,
in the course of the proceedings, had addressed the district judge on certain
aspects of the case (see _Gnaguru_ at [15]). However, this court was of the
view that although the Applicant should not have addressed the district judge
on that occasion, that mistake was “a minor incident” (_id_ at [16]) and
should not be taken into account when considering the substantive merits of
the first reinstatement application.

30 Turning to the second relevant period of time (_ie_ , that between the time
of the first reinstatement application and the present), slightly over three
years have passed since the first reinstatement application was dismissed. In
total, the present application was made some 13 years and two months after the
Applicant had been struck off the Roll. The Applicant has not only been
gainfully employed throughout this (as well as the first) period (see above at
[9] and [13]), but has also successfully completed an external Masters of Law
programme offered by the University of London. More importantly, his
references in respect of the present application are a far cry from those
which he tendered for the first reinstatement application (as to which, see
the comments of Yong CJ in _Gnaguru_ at [19] (set out at [28] above)). This
time round, his references included those from six senior members of the Bar
(of between 16 years’ and 27 years’ experience), who attested to the
Applicant’s honesty, integrity and trustworthiness, as well as the fact that
he had been truly rehabilitated.

31 Further, neither the Law Society nor the Attorney-General objected to the
present application (although the Law Society did not object on condition that
the Applicant undertook to abide by the terms referred to above (at [19]),
which he did).

32 At this juncture, brief mention ought to be made of a matter that has been
referred to above (at [17]) – namely, the Letter of Commendation and the
Applicant’s work pursuant to the “English for Law” initiative.

33 It is clear, in our view, that the Applicant had – objectively speaking –
conducted the courses under the above programme with great success and
commitment. This was clear from the contents of the Letter of Commendation
itself.

34 However, one issue that arose was whether or not, in failing to disclose
his status as a disbarred lawyer to RSVP and RSVP ProGuide, the Applicant had
demonstrated that he had not been truly rehabilitated. The withdrawal, at the
request of the Attorney-General, of the Letter of Commendation was (in our
view) irrelevant as it did not, _ipso facto_ , remove this alleged doubt _vis-
à-vis_ the Applicant’s rehabilitation.

35 It was clear that at no point was the Applicant asked, during his
involvement with RSVP and RSVP ProGuide, to disclose his status as a disbarred
lawyer. Indeed, in an affidavit filed on 9 January 2008 in response to
Daniel’s affidavit, the Applicant stated that while conducting courses under
the “English for Law” initiative, all he taught was basic English, and that he
did not know that it was a precondition that a person teaching under this
programme had to be an advocate and solicitor of the Supreme Court of
Singapore. In this connection, the Applicant appended to his affidavit of 9
January 2008 the teaching transparencies which he had utilised for his
lectures. He further stated (at para 3 of his affidavit) that:

It … honestly did not occur to me at the material time that the fact that I
was struck off the Roll was relevant or would be an issue if I accepted this
appointment to teach English for Law.

36 The question that then arose was whether or not, in the _circumstances and
the context_ concerned (namely, of voluntary work in the form of teaching the
technical and legal use of the English language pursuant to the “English for
Law” initiative), the Applicant ought nevertheless to have disclosed his
status as a disbarred lawyer. Whilst it might have been ideal if the Applicant
had done so, we are not convinced that his non-disclosure evinced a defect in
character, given the nature of the above programme (which did not involve,
either directly or indirectly, the practice of law and which was voluntary in
nature). This might well have constituted an oversight on the Applicant’s
part, given his perception (as set out in his affidavit of 9 January 2008) as
well as his enthusiasm to volunteer his services. In this respect, the great
success with which the Applicant had conducted the courses under the “English
for Law” programme (see above at [17]) is of some relevance and assistance to
this court. We earlier noted (at [29] above) that the Applicant had, prior to
the _first_ reinstatement application, committed the error of addressing a
district judge at a pre-trial conference on certain aspects of a case. As we
also observed (at [29] above), _even at the time of the first reinstatement
application_ , this court (in considering that application) was of the view
that the Applicant’s mistake in this regard was “a _minor_ incident” [emphasis
added] (_Gnaguru_ ([10] _supra_) at [16]) and therefore did _not_ take it into
account in assessing the substantive merits of that particular application. It
is also significant to note that the conduct of the Applicant in addressing
the district judge involved the _actual practice of law_ , whereas his
participation in the “English for Law” programme did _not_.

**_The public interest_**

37 We turn now to the second factor that is pertinent to applications under s
102 of the Act, _viz_ , that centring on the public interest (see [25] above).
In this regard, the following observations by Yong CJ concerning the first
reinstatement application are particularly apposite (see _Gnaguru_ at [17]):

We recognised that the nature of the [A]pplicant’s offence was _less serious_
than those in a number of previous [application for reinstatement] cases such
as _Re Lim Cheng Peng_ [1987] SLR 486, _Re Ram Kishan_ [[1992] 1 SLR 529] and
[_Re Nirmal Singh s/o Fauja Singh_ [2001] 3 SLR 608]. _In all these cases, the
respective applicants had abused their authority as advocates and solicitors
and [had] exploited their clients. The [A]pplicant’s conduct in this case,
though reprehensible, was nonetheless essentially a misguided attempt at
helping his clients_. [emphasis added]

38 It is, of course, true that Yong CJ also acknowledged (_id_ at [18]) that
“the offence committed by the [A]pplicant clearly involved a dishonest and
deliberate obstruction of the administration of justice”. However, the learned
Chief Justice also “accepted that the [A]pplicant had already paid a high
price for his misdeeds” (_ibid_) (see also above at [11]).

39 It is appropriate, at this juncture, to review the decisions in some of the
previous applications for reinstatement to the Roll.

40 In _Re Ram Kishan_ [1992] 1 SLR 529, the lawyer in question was an advocate
and solicitor of over 20 years’ standing at the time of his striking off from
the Roll on 15 August 1983. The disciplinary committee of the Law Society had
found him guilty of violating the provisions of the then Solicitors’ Accounts
Rules 1967 (GN No S 119/1967) and of grossly improper conduct in the discharge
of his professional duties. While the disciplinary proceedings were in
progress, the lawyer was also charged with criminal breach of trust. It
appeared that his conduct was the result of a long history of a mental
disorder known as manic depressive psychosis. About ten years after being
struck off, by which time he was no longer suffering from any manic depressive
illness, the lawyer applied for his name to be reinstated to the Roll. The
application was dismissed as the psychiatrists treating the lawyer were not
prepared to state that there was no likelihood of a relapse of the latter’s
mental disorder. This court held that, in those circumstances, “in the
interests of the public and the [legal] profession as a whole” (at 533, [15]),
it would be wrong to restore the lawyer’s name to the Roll.

41 _Re Nirmal Singh s/o Fauja Singh_ [2001] 3 SLR 608 involved a lawyer who
was convicted of three charges of corruption and one charge of criminal breach
of trust and sentenced to a total of 18 months’ imprisonment as well as a fine
of $5,000. The lawyer was struck off the Roll in December 1995, which was
roughly six years after his admission as an advocate and solicitor of the
Supreme Court of Singapore. About five years and four months after his
striking off, the lawyer applied for reinstatement pursuant to s 102 of the
Act. This court found, _inter alia_ , that the nature of the offences
committed by the lawyer was of such a degree of severity that a restoration of
his name to the Roll was not warranted at that point in time. Accordingly, the
application was similarly dismissed.

42 In _Narindar Singh Kang_ ([24] _supra_), the lawyer was struck off the Roll
following his conviction under s 5(_a_) of the Prevention of Corruption Act
(Cap 241, 1993 Rev Ed). He had been charged with acting in conjunction with
his client (“Hartej”), a convicted drug trafficker facing the death sentence,
to corruptly solicit, on the eve of the execution of Hartej and his co-accused
(“Sarjit”), a sum of money from Sarjit’s son in exchange for a confession
signed by Hartej which purported to exonerate Sarjit. The lawyer was a senior
practitioner of some 14 years’ standing at the time of his conviction. He
applied under s 102 of the Act for reinstatement some nine and a half years
after being struck off. The Law Society did not raise any objections. However,
the Attorney-General objected on the basis that it was not in the public
interest for the lawyer to resume practice as the corruption offence which he
had committed was one that “went to _the heart of the administration of
justice_ ” [emphasis added] (_Narindar Singh Kang_ at [12]). This court agreed
and held, _inter alia_ , that the lawyer’s application was premature given the
seriousness of the offence committed. Accordingly, the application was
dismissed.

43 Reverting to the present application, in view of all the material facts and
circumstances, we agreed with Yong CJ’s comments at the hearing of the first
reinstatement application (see the extract from _Gnaguru_ ([10] _supra_) at
[17], which is reproduced at [37] above) that the offence committed by the
Applicant, although serious, could be distinguished from the misconduct of
other errant lawyers who had likewise been struck off the Roll. We were of the
view that the reinstatement of the Applicant to the Roll would not diminish
public confidence in the general reputation and standing of the legal
profession.

Conclusion

44 We reiterate, however, that reinstatement to the Roll will not be granted
as a matter of course (see also _Glenn Knight_ (above at [24]) _per_ Chan CJ).
On the contrary, such reinstatement will be the exception rather than the
rule. In this regard, the court will scrutinise each application carefully,
bearing in mind that the very fact that the applicant concerned was struck off
the Roll in the first place means that there has necessarily been extremely
serious professional misconduct on his or her part. The present application
was unusual inasmuch as the Applicant had (as we noted at [27]–[29] above)
very nearly satisfied the court in the first reinstatement application that he
ought to be reinstated. Further, as we also noted earlier, the court had on
that occasion found that the Applicant’s misconduct, “though reprehensible,
was nonetheless essentially a misguided attempt at helping his clients” (see
_Gnaguru_ at [17], which is reproduced at [37] above). Such misconduct can be
easily distinguished from more serious and reprehensible conduct – for
example, the criminal misappropriation of clients’ funds (a point which was,
in fact, also made by this court when ruling on the first reinstatement
application (see the passage from _Gnaguru_ at [17] just referred to)). Looked
at in this light, the circumstances in the present application were _sui
generis_ , and would therefore be of little – or even no – precedent value in
so far as future reinstatement applications are concerned. In any event, as
this court observed in _Narindar Singh Kang_ at [31]:

[T]he broad language utilised in s 102(1) of the Act is appropriate inasmuch
as it is consistent with the inherent nature of the application in general and
the corresponding decision by the court in particular. Put simply, the outcome
of such an application is _necessarily dependent on the precise facts of the
case itself_. Prior precedents (of which there are, in any event, a dearth
because such applications are, by their nature, rare in the first instance)
are of assistance only to the extent that they enunciate general principles
that are relevant to all applications. What must, however, be avoided is the
temptation to follow the _end result_ of a prior decision whose _starting
point_ was _different_ , owing to a different factual matrix. This would also
signal to potential applicants the need for an assessment of the _unique_
circumstances of their respective situations in relation to the applicable
general principles, rather than a blind reliance on the _end result_ in prior
decisions without more. This would, in turn, result in a more realistic
assessment of the potential success of the application; it would also
simultaneously encourage realistic applications and (correspondingly)
discourage unrealistic ones. [emphasis in original]

45 Having regard to all the circumstances before us (including the
undertakings given by the Applicant to the Law Society) in this particular
case, we granted the present application. As neither the Attorney-General nor
the Law Society had sought costs, we made no order as to costs.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 29 Feb 2008 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

