Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Yunani bin Abdul Hamid v Public Prosecutor  
[2008] SGHC 58

Case Number | : | Cr Rev 5/2008  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 11 April 2008  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  V K Rajah JA   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Abraham S Vergis and Darrell Low Kim Boon (Drew & Napier LLC) for the applicant; Lawrence Ang Boon Kong, Lau Wing Yum and Christopher Ong Siu Jin (Attorney-General's Chambers) for the respondent   
Parties | : |  Yunani bin Abdul Hamid — Public Prosecutor   
  
Courts and Jurisdiction – High court – Exercise of revisionary powers –
Exercise of revisionary powers where there is a plea of guilty – Section 23
Supreme Court of Judicature Act (Cap 322, 2007 Rev Ed) – Sections 266, 267,
268, 269, 270 Criminal Procedure Code (Cap 68, 1985 Rev Ed)  
  
Criminal Procedure and Sentencing – Revision of proceedings – Appropriate
course of action after exercise of revisionary powers – Whether matter should
be remitted back for trial or stayed – Section 23 Supreme Court of Judicature
Act (Cap 322, 2007 Rev Ed) – Sections 266, 267, 268, 269, 270 Criminal
Procedure Code (Cap 68, 1985 Rev Ed)  
  
Criminal Procedure and Sentencing – Revision of proceedings – Exercise of
revisionary powers – Exercise of revisionary powers where there is a plea of
guilty – Whether there was serious injustice which would warrant exercise of
revisionary power – Presence of serious injustice if pressures faced by
accused to plead guilty are such that accused did not genuinely have freedom
to choose between pleading guilty and pleading not guilty – Presence of
serious injustice if additional evidence before reviewing court casting
serious doubts as to guilt of accused – Section 23 Supreme Court of Judicature
Act (Cap 322, 2007 Rev Ed) – Sections 266, 267, 268, 269, 270 Criminal
Procedure Code (Cap 68, 1985 Rev Ed)  
  

11 April 2008 |  Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
V K Rajah JA:

Introduction

1 This was an application for criminal revision in which Yunani bin Abdul
Hamid (“the Applicant”) sought to set aside a conviction based on what
appeared to be an unqualified plea of guilty that he had earlier tendered
through counsel in the District Court on 26 November 2007. The Applicant’s
guilty plea related to an amended charge (“the Amended Charge”) of trafficking
in not less than 329g of cannabis, a Class A controlled drug under the First
Schedule of the Misuse of Drugs Act (Cap 185, 2001 Rev Ed) (“MDA”), together
with one Abdul Aziz bin Idros (“Aziz”). The Amended Charge read as follows:

You [the Applicant] …

are charged that you, on or about 12 August 1992, at about 3.20 p.m., at the
Port of Singapore Authority Gate No. 1 off Keppel Road, Singapore, together
with … [Aziz] and in furtherance of the common intention of you both, did
traffic in a controlled drug specified in Class A of the First Schedule to the
Misuse of Drugs Act (Cap 185), to wit, by having in your possession not less
than 329 grams of cannabis for the purpose of trafficking, without any
authorisation under the Misuse of Drugs Act (Cap 185) or the regulations made
thereunder, and you have thereby committed an offence under section 5(1)(a)
read with section 5(2) of the Misuse of Drugs Act (Cap 185) and section 34 of
the Penal Code (Cap 224) and punishable under section 33 of the Misuse of
Drugs Act (Cap 185).

Pursuant to s 33 (read with the Second Schedule) of the MDA, the offence set
out in the Amended Charge is punishable with a minimum sentence of five years’
imprisonment and five strokes of the cane and a maximum sentence of 20 years’
imprisonment and 15 strokes of the cane.

2 The Applicant was sentenced in the District Court on 27 November 2007 to
nine years’ imprisonment and six strokes of the cane. Dissatisfied with the
sentence, the Applicant initially appealed against the sentence to the High
Court (via Magistrate’s Appeal No 249 of 2007). Upon receiving further advice,
however, the Applicant subsequently filed the present application for criminal
revision and sought to quash his conviction (and, thus, the sentence). At the
end of the hearing, I set aside the Applicant’s conviction and ordered that
the case should be remitted to the Subordinate Courts for re-trial on the
Amended Charge on an urgent basis. The appeal against sentence was then
withdrawn. I now set out the detailed grounds for my decision, having earlier
provided only brief grounds at the hearing.

The facts of the case

3 At the time of the alleged offence, the Applicant and Aziz were both working
as lashers at the Port of Singapore Authority (“PSA”) Container Port.

4 On 12 August 1992 at about 3.20pm, the Applicant (then aged 18) was riding
out of the PSA Container Port Gate No 1 on his motorcycle when he was stopped
for a routine check. At that time, Aziz (then aged 25), the Applicant’s
pillion passenger, was carrying a knapsack. The inspection was conducted by
one Corporal Nasiran bin Somadi (“Cpl Nasiran”). When Cpl Nasiran examined the
knapsack which Aziz was carrying, he found, concealed in a side compartment of
the knapsack, a block of what was described as “greenish vegetable
matter”[note: 1] wrapped in a transparent polythene bag (that substance was
subsequently found to be cannabis (see [7] below)). Immediately after the
discovery, the Applicant suddenly sped off on his motorcycle with Aziz,
leaving the knapsack and the block of greenish vegetable matter behind in the
hands of Cpl Nasiran.

5 Eventually, the Applicant stopped at Telok Blangah Rise, where he parted
company with Aziz and abandoned the motorcycle. The Applicant subsequently
returned home, where he recounted the incident to his parents. The Applicant’s
father later called the Central Narcotics Bureau (“CNB”) at about 5.00pm,
claiming that the Applicant had not been aware of the presence of the greenish
substance found in the knapsack carried by Aziz. In due course, the Applicant
decided to heed his parents’ advice and duly surrendered himself at the PSA
police station on the same day at about 6.30pm. Upon turning himself in, the
Applicant was arrested and handed over, together with the block of greenish
vegetable matter, to CNB Investigating Officer John Cheong (“IO Cheong”) at
CNB’s headquarters. The Applicant’s urine was promptly tested and was found to
be negative for controlled substances. Various items were also seized from the
Applicant’s residence, including a pair of blue overalls, a pair of brown
shoes and two motorcycle helmets.

6 On 13 August 1992, IO Cheong recorded a statement from the Applicant
pursuant to s 122(6) of the Criminal Procedure Code (Cap 68, 1985 Rev Ed)
(“CPC”) with the assistance of a Malay interpreter. In that statement, the
Applicant denied being involved in any drug trafficking offence and vigorously
asserted his innocence. He claimed that Aziz had asked him for a lift. At the
PSA Container Port Gate No 1, the Applicant panicked and sped off when he saw
the greenish substance in the knapsack that was searched. He eventually
stopped at the junction of Telok Blangah Road and Mount Faber Road after
hitting a kerb and chided Aziz for getting him involved in a drug offence. He
then abandoned his motorcycle and took a taxi home. He also said that he did
not know Aziz’s address or contact details.

7 On 14 August 1992, the Applicant was produced in Court No 26 of the
Subordinate Courts and formally charged with the capital offence of
trafficking in approximately 933g of cannabis “together with an unknown male
Malay”[note: 2]. This was the weight of the cannabis as recorded in the
Applicant’s presence on the day of his arrest. A report (dated 31 August 1992)
of an analysis done by the Department of Scientific Services later showed that
the block of greenish vegetable matter discovered by Cpl Nasiran contained
approximately 913.1g of cannabis. No bail was offered as the Applicant was
facing a capital charge.

8 On 17 August 1992, IO Cheong recorded a statement from the Applicant
pursuant to s 121 of the CPC with the assistance of a Malay interpreter. In
the statement, the Applicant maintained his innocence. He stated that he had
only agreed to give Aziz a lift to a bus stop and had no knowledge whatsoever
of the block of cannabis in the knapsack that Aziz had been carrying. He had
sped off upon seeing Cpl Nasiran find the block of cannabis inside the
knapsack as he was frightened. He further explained that after he returned
home on 12 August 1992, his mother had accompanied him to retrieve his
abandoned motorcycle (which he rode back to his flat, where it was later
seized by CNB’s officers) before he turned himself in at the PSA police
station.

9 On 19 August 1992, IO Cheong recorded a further statement from the Applicant
pursuant to s 121 of the CPC with the assistance of a Malay interpreter.
Continuing his statement of 17 August 1992, the Applicant stated that he knew
Aziz on a casual basis and had given Aziz a lift on three previous occasions.
He maintained that he would not have given Aziz a lift on the day of the
incident if he had known that the latter had cannabis in his possession. He
explained that he knew what “ganja” looked like as his brother had previously
been arrested for drug consumption and he had also seen it on television. He
reiterated that he had been frightened when he saw Cpl Nasiran holding the
block of cannabis and had sped off without thinking.

10 In the meantime, efforts were made to apprehend Aziz. Based on particulars
obtained from PSA, CNB’s officers raided Aziz’s home on 12 August 1992 at
about 8.40pm. However, Aziz was nowhere to be found. A second raid was
conducted a week later, but this too was to no avail. Aziz’s parents
subsequently lodged a police report on 18 August 1992 claiming that Aziz had
been missing since 12 August 1992. On 20 August 1992, IO Cheong applied for
the issuance of a police gazette for the arrest of Aziz. This was issued on 27
August 1992.

11 On 2 October 1992, representations to the Prosecution were made on behalf
of the Applicant by his then solicitor, Mr Mahadi Abu Bakar (“Mr Mahadi”) of
M/s Mahadi Abu Bakar & Partners. The representations requested the withdrawal
of the charge against the Applicant and emphasised both the innocence of the
Applicant as well as his ignorance of the cannabis in the knapsack carried by
Aziz. The representations were rejected. Notwithstanding that, the Prosecution
accepted, at that juncture, that it was unjust to keep the Applicant in
remand, given the apparent disappearance of Aziz and the gaps in the case
against the Applicant. On the other hand, the Applicant’s involvement in the
offence could not be entirely dismissed given that he was the rider of the
motorcycle at the material time and had promptly fled upon the discovery of
the cannabis. As a compromise, a discharge not amounting to an acquittal was
acceded to by the Prosecution on 11 December 1992.

12 After his release, the Applicant recommenced work as a lasher at the PSA
Container Port and started a family. In the ensuing years, he kept a clean
record. Routine urine tests, to which he was periodically subjected, proved
negative. When his marriage broke down, he was awarded care and control of his
elder son. He was just about to remarry when his life and his peace of mind
were suddenly shattered, without warning, some 15 years after the incident of
12 August 1992. It is common ground that during the intervening 15 years, the
Applicant maintained a blemish-free record, behaved responsibly and held a
steady job.

13 On 10 April 2007 at about 4.25am, Aziz was stopped at a police roadblock
along Newton Road for a routine check. When stopped, he produced a driver’s
licence belonging to one Hamzah bin Harith. The police officers manning the
roadblock noticed that Aziz was not the person pictured in the licence and
placed him under arrest for giving false particulars under s 16(1)(_b_)(i) of
the National Registration Act (Cap 201, 1992 Rev Ed) and for fraudulent
possession of the licence under s 35(1) of the Miscellaneous Offences (Public
Order and Nuisance) Act (Cap 184, 1997 Rev Ed). Aziz was brought to Tanglin
Police Division Headquarters, where it was discovered that he was “wanted” for
drug trafficking. His urine, when tested, was found to be positive for
cannabis. He was subsequently handed over to CNB Investigating Officer Hasshim
bin Hassan (“IO Hasshim”) on the same day at about 5.15pm.

14 IO Hasshim immediately proceeded to record a statement relating to the
events of 12 August 1992 from Aziz pursuant to s 121 of the CPC. In the
statement, Aziz admitted his role and implicated the Applicant as well. He
stated that when he learnt that the Applicant had turned himself in, he (Aziz)
became a fugitive and managed to evade arrest for 15 years. He had secretly
procured his brother-in-law’s identity card and had used it to hide his true
identity. He also used a false name when necessary and relied on part-time
jobs to support himself.

15 Aziz professed unequivocally that the knapsack which he had been carrying
on 12 August 1992, including the cannabis discovered inside, belonged to the
Applicant. This was effectively the first time that evidence explicitly
implicating the Applicant in the offence had emerged in the course of the
investigations. Aziz further stated that he was prepared to testify against
the Applicant. For completeness, Aziz’s statement made on 11 April 2007
pursuant to s 122(6) of the CPC is reproduced here. It states:

I want [the Applicant] to bear the consequences on [_sic_] the charge on
[_sic_] me. I want the drug found on us be [_sic_] shared equally if I am
found to be guilty, I want [the Applicant] also be [_sic_] guilty of the
offence. This idea of bringing the drug out of PSA was [the Applicant’s] idea
as he need [_sic_] cash badly.

As a result of these developments, the Applicant was re-arrested at his home
on 10 April 2007 at about 11.25pm. His urine, when tested, was once again
found to be negative for controlled drugs.

16 On 11 April 2007 at about 9.00am, both the Applicant and Aziz were produced
in Court No 26 of the Subordinate Courts and formally charged with the capital
offence of trafficking in cannabis, in furtherance of their common intention,
by reason of possessing approximately 913.1g of cannabis. Because this was a
capital charge, no bail was offered. While the Applicant was in remand, his
family engaged Mr Noor Mohamed Marican (“Mr Marican”) of M/s Marican &
Associates on his behalf.

17 After a consideration of all the circumstances of the case – including the
length of time that had elapsed since 12 August 1992 – a decision was made by
the Prosecution, in concurrence with recommendations by CNB, to amend both the
charge against the Applicant and that against Aziz to a non-capital charge,
_viz_ , that of trafficking in not less than 499g of cannabis, which would be
punishable upon conviction with a minimum sentence of 15 strokes of the cane
and 20 years’ imprisonment and a maximum sentence of 15 strokes of the cane
and 30 years’ imprisonment. The Prosecution informed the court, Mr Marican and
counsel for Aziz of this decision at a pre-trial conference in the High Court
on 4 September 2007. As a consequence, the cases against the Applicant and
Aziz were de-listed from the High Court. The reduced charges (of trafficking
in not less than 499g of cannabis) were formally tendered in Court No 26 of
the Subordinate Courts on 11 September 2007. Aziz, in addition, was charged
with the offence of consumption of controlled drugs under s 8(_b_) of the MDA
as a result of his positive urine test for cannabis after his arrest (see [13]
above). Thereafter, subsequent pre-trial conferences were held in the
Subordinate Courts.

18 On 3 October 2007, Mr Marican made representations to the Prosecution on
behalf of the Applicant to withdraw the charge against him. As the Applicant
was unable to recollect the precise events pertaining to the incident on 12
August 1992, Mr Marican decided to base his representations entirely on the
Applicant’s previous representations made by Mr Mahadi dated 2 October 1992
(in which the Applicant’s alleged innocence had been unequivocally declared
(see [11] above)). The Prosecution rejected all such representations in a
reply dated 29 October 2007.

19 At this stage of the proceedings, both the Applicant and Aziz indicated
that they would be claiming trial. However, after a further consideration of
the circumstances of the case, including the fact that both the Applicant and
Aziz had not committed any further crimes in the intervening 15 years (apart
from Aziz having remained on the run), the Prosecution once again decided to
amend both the charge against the Applicant and that against Aziz further to
one of trafficking in not less than 329g of cannabis provided that they
pleaded guilty. This amendment would have brought the charge within the lowest
sentencing bracket for the offence of trafficking in cannabis.

20 At a pre-trial conference on 1 November 2007, the Prosecution’s offer was
conveyed to counsel for Aziz (who was also mentioning on behalf of Mr Marican
on that occasion). Thereafter, counsel for Aziz made written representations
(dated 9 November 2007) in which he requested that the Prosecution proceed
against Aziz only on the drug trafficking charge (to which Aziz would plead
guilty), with the drug consumption charge to be taken into consideration for
the purpose of sentencing. The Prosecution eventually acceded to this request
in a reply to Aziz’s counsel dated 13 November 2007. At a subsequent pre-trial
conference on 14 November 2007, a date was fixed for Aziz to plead guilty. The
Applicant, however, maintained his decision to claim trial. His case was fixed
for trial from 26 November 2007 to 28 November 2007.

Proceedings in the District Court

**_Aziz’s guilty plea_**

21 On 15 November 2007, Aziz pleaded guilty before a district judge and
admitted unreservedly to the statement of facts tendered by the Prosecution.
According to the statement of facts:

(a) On or about 11 August 1992, the Applicant, who was in need of cash, had
approached Aziz for help.

(b) Aziz told the Applicant that he might be able to help the latter, but that
it would involve dealing with drugs. The Applicant told Aziz that he did not
mind so long as he was able to get money.

(c) Aziz then introduced the Applicant to a male Malay, who also worked at the
PSA Container Port, known as “Pa Hitam”. Aziz was aware that “Pa Hitam” dealt
in cannabis as he had previously purchased cannabis from the latter for his
own consumption.

(d) On or around 12 August 1992, while Aziz was taking a nap, the Applicant
went to meet “Pa Hitam” and later returned to the workplace carrying a
knapsack.

(e) Aziz knew that the knapsack contained cannabis and agreed to help the
Applicant transport the cannabis out of the PSA Container Port.

(f) The Applicant passed the knapsack to Aziz to carry. The two men then
proceeded on the Applicant’s motorcycle to the PSA Container Port Gate No 1,
where the cannabis was discovered by Cpl Nasiran.

I need say no more about this particular version of events save to observe
that it may not be internally consistent.

22 In Aziz’s plea in mitigation, defence counsel emphasised that Aziz had no
antecedents and regretted his involvement in the matter as well as his failure
to turn himself in earlier. Counsel also made reference to the statement which
Aziz had made to CNB pursuant to s 122(6) of the CPC (set out earlier at [15]
above) and stated that the statement reflected “the fear in [Aziz’s] mind all
these years”[note: 3]. Counsel emphasised that when the drugs were discovered,
the Applicant rode off suddenly and Aziz, as a pillion passenger, had no
choice but to follow. When the Applicant and Aziz went their separate ways
later, Aziz’s instincts were that the Applicant would put all the blame on
him. Aziz feared that the Applicant would be believed in this regard as the
latter was younger than him, and this caused him to panic and lie low. Counsel
also elaborated in the mitigation plea on how Aziz had become acquainted with
the Applicant. According to counsel, although both Aziz and the Applicant
worked at the PSA Container Port, they worked at separate areas and only
became acquainted with each other about three months before the incident of 12
August 1992 through the introduction of another worker. As the Applicant had a
motorcycle, Aziz would sometimes ask him for a lift home, but did not do so on
a regular basis. Aziz, so his counsel emphasised, was not part of any
syndicate and had agreed to be a witness for the Prosecution (in the criminal
proceedings against the Applicant) as he wanted to “put the record
straight”[note: 4].

23 After considering Aziz’s plea in mitigation, the district judge sentenced
him to 12 years’ imprisonment and eight strokes of the cane. No appeal against
sentence was filed by Aziz.

**_The Applicant’s guilty plea_**

24 On the first day scheduled for his trial, the Applicant decided to plead
guilty to the Amended Charge pursuant to the Prosecution’s offer. This was
despite the fact that he had steadfastly maintained his innocence for the
previous 15 years. In pleading guilty, the Applicant also admitted
unreservedly to the statement of facts tendered by the Prosecution. According
to that statement of facts:

(a) The Applicant and Aziz were former colleagues who, in August 1992, were
working as lashers at the PSA Container Port.

(b) Investigations revealed that, on 12 August 1992, the Applicant had
approached Aziz for help in transporting cannabis out of the PSA Container
Port. When Aziz agreed to help the Applicant, the latter passed the knapsack
containing the cannabis to Aziz to carry. The Applicant and Aziz then boarded
the Applicant’s motorcycle and proceeded to the PSA Container Port Gate No 1,
where the cannabis was discovered by Cpl Nasiran.

25 After considering the Applicant’s plea in mitigation, the district judge
sentenced him to nine years’ imprisonment and six strokes of the cane. In her
grounds of decision (_PP_ _v Yunani bin Abdul Hamid_ [2007] SGDC 345 (“the
GD”)), the district judge explained that she could not ignore the fact that a
large quantity of drugs had been involved, and that it was the Applicant who
had played a central role in the matter by asking Aziz to help him transport
the cannabis out of the PSA Container Port and by initiating the getaway when
the cannabis was discovered by Cpl Nasiran (see the GD at [23]). The district
judge noted, however, that there were some strong mitigating factors in the
Applicant’s favour and emphasised two points in particular (at [27] of the
GD). The first was that the Applicant had kept out of trouble with the law
since his discharge not amounting to an acquittal in December 1992, and the
second was that it was not the Applicant’s fault that his prosecution had been
delayed for 15 years. The district judge also considered the Applicant’s youth
at the time of the offence, the fact that the Applicant had pleaded guilty and
the fact that it was prejudicial for the Applicant to have been re-arrested,
charged and tried after the long lapse of time, having carried on with his
life after his discharge (see the GD at [27]–[28]). For these reasons, the
district judge took the view that the Applicant’s situation was sufficiently
distinguishable from Aziz’s situation such that a sentence similar in severity
to that meted out to Aziz need not be imposed. She also held, however, that
the mandatory minimum sentence was not warranted due to the Applicant’s role
and the quantity of cannabis involved, and thus sentenced the Applicant to
nine years’ imprisonment and six strokes of the cane.

The appeal against sentence

26 The Applicant subsequently appealed against the sentence imposed by the
district judge. The appeal was scheduled to be heard on 12 February 2008. The
Applicant, by the date of the hearing, had discharged Mr Marican as his
counsel due to a lack of funds and was to appear in person.

27 At the hearing of the appeal on 12 February 2008, Mr Abraham S Vergis (“Mr
Vergis”) of M/s Drew & Napier LLC, at the request of the court, offered his
services _pro bono_ to the Applicant. The Applicant agreed to instruct Mr
Vergis and the matter was adjourned to 28 March 2008. At the hearing on 12
February 2008, I also made certain observations and raised certain queries. In
particular, I wanted to know why the matter had not been proceeded with for 15
years despite the fact that the Applicant had surrendered himself a few hours
after the incident of 12 August 1992. In this regard, the Prosecution was
asked to explain the sequence of events that led to the Applicant’s eventual
renewed prosecution in 2007. Further, I observed that the matter had been
treated rather mechanically by those involved – both the Defence as well as
the Prosecution. Finally, I emphasised that all the relevant facts – both
positive and negative – should be placed on record.

28 At a pre-hearing conference on 4 March 2008, Mr Vergis informed me that
there were sufficient grounds for seeking a quashing of the Applicant’s
conviction. As such, an application for criminal revision seeking the quashing
of the conviction (_ie_ , the present application) had been duly filed a day
earlier (on 3 March 2008). This application was scheduled to be heard together
with the appeal against sentence on 28 March 2008. I informed the Prosecution
that if it intended to refute any of the facts put forth by the Defence in the
affidavits filed in support of the application for criminal revision, it ought
to file an affidavit in response. Liberty was given to the Prosecution to file
an affidavit by 11 March 2008. However, the Prosecution chose not to file an
affidavit. Instead, by written submissions filed on 24 March 2008, the
Prosecution provided what it said was “a full account of the circumstances
relating to the prosecution of the [Applicant]”[note: 5] as well as its reply
to the Applicant’s application for criminal revision, contending “there [was]
no basis in law or in fact for the [Applicant’s] conviction to be
quashed”[note: 6].

The application for criminal revision

29 The main issue _vis-à-vis_ the application for criminal revision was
whether I should exercise the High Court’s revisionary power and quash the
Applicant’s conviction despite his earlier plea of guilty in the lower court.
Both the Prosecution and the Applicant (in particular) raised a myriad of
arguments in their respective written submissions and at the hearing on 28
March 2008. While I appreciate the effort made by both sides, upon closer
analysis, I am of the view that I need only distil and address the more
salient arguments.

**_The Applicant’s case_**

30 The Applicant, through Mr Vergis, argued (essentially) that he had
steadfastly maintained his innocence for 15 years – right from the day when he
was first arrested up to the day of his trial in the District Court – and that
he had a full and convincing explanation for his eventual plea of guilty. Mr
Vergis, at the hearing on 28 March 2008, explained that the Applicant had
unwillingly decided to plead guilty on the first day of the trial in the
District Court for two main reasons. I quote from the written submissions
tendered by Mr Vergis:[note: 7]

(a) [The Applicant] found himself on the horns of a terrible dilemma. He was
caught between the _Scylla_ of claiming trial on a more serious charge and
risk[ing] a minimum of 20 years’ imprisonment and 15 strokes of the cane if he
was wrongly convicted, and the _Charybdis_ of pleading guilt[y] to a lesser
charge for a crime he did not commit and [facing] a mandatory minimum sentence
of five years’ imprisonment and five strokes of the cane.

Leaving aside completely the question of his innocence, the rationale [_sic_]
choice and first priority in such invidious circumstances would be to avoid
the risk of a 20-year imprisonment term at all costs. This was especially so
when his [then] own lawyer was not entirely confident about discrediting
Aziz’s version sufficiently to secure an acquittal. In addition, [the
Applicant] had no independent witness testimony or physical evidence to
contradict Aziz or to corroborate his [the Applicant’s] version.

(b) Neither [the Applicant] nor his family had the financial wherewithal to
pay his defence counsel’s legal fees for defending [the Applicant] at trial.

[emphasis in original]

Mr Vergis reiterated time and again during the hearing that the Applicant had
consistently maintained his innocence from the beginning of the matter in 1992
up to the day when he pleaded guilty, and that the Applicant had been entirely
consistent and unwavering in his version of the material events. Mr Vergis
also argued that the Prosecution, apart from the Applicant’s guilty plea,
possessed no real evidence implicating the Applicant _vis-à-vis_ the block of
cannabis found in the knapsack carried by Aziz at the material time, except
for “a flimsy film of uncorroborated allegations by a co-accused [_ie_ , Aziz]
who had been arrested by chance after being a fugitive from the law for 15
years”[note: 8]. Mr Vergis summed up that the combined effect of all these
circumstances would clearly render the Applicant’s conviction, if it was based
solely on his plea of guilty, unsafe.

**_The Prosecution’s case_**

31 The Prosecution, on the other hand, forcefully maintained that the
Applicant’s plea of guilty should stand as the records clearly indicated that
it had been an unequivocal and informed plea. The Applicant, as the
Prosecution took pains to emphasise, had been advised by counsel (Mr Marican)
when making his plea of guilty and had acknowledged the veracity of the
statement of facts tendered by the Prosecution without any qualification.
Quite fairly, the Prosecution stated that it would “make no comments on the
truth or falsity”[note: 9] of the various statements which the Applicant had
given CNB. It also accepted that if the matter had gone for trial in 1992, it
would have “relied substantially”[note: 10] on Aziz’s testimony in its case
against the Applicant.

Evidential evaluation of the parties’ arguments

32 I felt that it was more appropriate to evaluate the factual allegations
made by both parties at the outset to clarify the circumstances in which the
High Court’s revisionary power was being invoked in the instant case. In
fairness, it must be pointed out that most of the additional facts produced
before me by the Applicant and the Prosecution were not brought to the
district judge’s attention when she accepted the Applicant’s plea of guilty.
At the time of the trial in the District Court, the Applicant’s plea of guilty
would have appeared to be totally informed and unequivocal, therefore amply
justifying its acceptance by the court. It is, however, abundantly clear,
based on the evidence that has since surfaced, that each and every one of the
factual allegations made by the Applicant through Mr Vergis (see [30] above)
has been made out.

33 Turning firstly to the affidavits filed by the Defence in support of the
present application, the following passage from the affidavit filed by the
Applicant is especially pertinent:

22\. Following the PTC on 1 November 2007 and 14 November 2007, the DPP wrote
to my Counsel on 14 November 2007 with the following offer. If I chose to
claim trial, the DPP would … [proceed] with the “ _charge of trafficking with
common intention in not less than 499.99 grams of cannabis, which carries a
mandatory minimum sentence of 20 years’ imprisonment and 15 strokes of the
cane upon conviction_ ”. On the other hand, if I agreed to plead guilty at the
pre-trial stage, the DPP would proceed on the reduced charge “ _of trafficking
with common intention in not less than 329 grams of cannabis, which carries a
mandatory minimum sentence of 5 years’ imprisonment and 5 strokes of the cane
upon conviction_ ”.

…

23\. ** _The DPP’s offer put me in a very difficult position._** On the one
hand, if I wished to maintain my innocence, my Counsel would need to prove at
trial that Aziz was lying. _**My Counsel told me that Aziz was going to be the
‘crown prosecution witness’ in my case and would testify against me. However,
I did not know precisely what Aziz would say and it would have been difficult
to prove that he was lying because I would not at that stage have any evidence
to contradict his version of events, 15 years after the fact. My Counsel was
not certain whether he could shake Aziz’s credibility under cross-examination
under those circumstances and could not say with certainty whether I would
succeed at trial. On the other hand, if I accepted the Prosecution’s offer to
reduce the charge in exchange for me pleading guilty to the [A]mended
[C]harge, I would be facing at minimum a 5-year imprisonment term for a crime
I did not commit. I was in a terrible dilemma.**_

24\. Initially, I decided to claim trial. The trial was fixed for 3 days from
26 November 2007 till 28 November 2007.

25\. ** _However, on the first day of the trial, I decided that it would be
too much of a risk to claim trial as I could not bear the thought of being
sent to jail for more than 20 years if I was wrongly convicted. In addition,
my mother said she could not afford to pay the required sum of legal fees if I
chose to claim trial. I did not have the financial wherewithal either to bear
my lawyer’s fees. Accordingly, I reluctantly agreed to plead guilty to a
lesser charge._**

26\. Therefore, on 26 November 2007, I pleaded guilty to the re-amended charge
[_ie_ , the Amended Charge] of being in possession of not less than _329
grams_ of cannabis with the common intention of trafficking the drug with
Aziz. …

27\. That same day, the Prosecution also prepared a statement of facts … which
was presented to the court. … The [statement of facts] stated that “
_investigations revealed_ ” the following:

a. On or around 12 August 1992, I had approached … Aziz for help in
transporting the cannabis out of the PSA.

b. I had passed … Aziz the knapsack containing the cannabis for him to carry.

28\. The [statement of facts] depicted a version of events that completely
contradicted what I had consistently been telling the police as reflected in
my statement to the police dated 13 August 1992 … and then my Counsel’s
representations to the DPP dated 2 October 1992 …

[emphasis added in bold italics]

34 The Applicant’s mother and the Applicant’s former counsel, Mr Marican, also
filed affidavits in support of the application for criminal revision. The
Applicant’s mother, in her affidavit, emphasised that the Applicant had wanted
to claim trial, but that the legal costs if he had done so would have been
beyond the means of both him as well as his family. Mr Marican, in his
affidavit, stressed that the Applicant had consistently maintained his
innocence and had wanted to claim trial. Certain passages from Mr Marican’s
affidavit are crucial for a better understanding of the Applicant’s
predicament and are now reproduced in full:

4\. Throughout my dealings with him, [the Applicant] has **_consistently
maintained his innocence_** with regards to the capital charge that had been
preferred against him. **_Initially, he wished to claim trial_.** The matter
was set down for a 3-day trial commencing on 26 November 2007.

5\. On or around 14 November 2007, the Deputy Public Prosecutor made an offer
to further reduce the charge against [the Applicant] by amending the weight of
the cannabis in the charge from _499 grams_ to _329 grams_ , provided [the
Applicant] agreed to plead guilty. The Prosecution’s offer gave rise to a
stark choice. Conviction on a charge for trafficking 499 grams of cannabis
would attract an imprisonment term of more than 20 years and 15 strokes of the
cane, while the charge of trafficking 329 grams of cannabis would result in a
minimum sentence of 5 years’ imprisonment and 5 strokes of the cane.

6\. ** _Given the tremendous difference in outcome, [the Applicant] was left
with a very difficult choice. If he chose to claim trial, it would have been
an uphill task to disprove Aziz’s testimony against [the Applicant] and to
show up Aziz to be an unreliable witness whose testimony should be
disbelieved._ _There would have been little evidence available to contradict
Aziz’s version of events as memories would have faded and relevant witnesses
or documentary evidence would have been difficult to locate._**

7\. I confirm that I did not advise [the Applicant] to consider making a
preliminary application to the District Judge at the outset to stay the
criminal proceedings on the grounds that the 15-year delay in prosecution
ha[d] prejudiced his defence and a fair trial was no longer possible.

8\. ** _Initially [the Applicant] wanted to claim trial as he believed he was
innocent, but finally on the first day of trial, he relented and agreed to
accept the Prosecution’s offer to plead guilty on a substantially reduced
charge [ie, the Amended Charge]. I confirm that right to the end, [the
Applicant] maintained his innocence and he pleaded guilty simply to avoid the
risk of being imprisoned for over 20 years if he was wrongly convicted for a
crime that he said he did not commit._** __

[emphasis added in bold italics]

35 The affidavit evidence given by the Applicant, his mother and Mr Marican
amply corroborated every material point of fact made by Mr Vergis in his
arguments on why a conviction based solely on the Applicant’s plea of guilty
would be unsafe (see [30] above). Mr Marican, in particular, could be seen to
have confirmed that even though the Applicant had eventually agreed to plead
guilty and had admitted unreservedly to the statement of facts tendered by the
Prosecution, the Applicant had continued to vehemently insist (to Mr Marican)
that he was innocent.

36 At the hearing on 28 March 2008, the Prosecution was unable to rebut the
affidavit evidence adduced by the Defence. The Prosecution could not deny that
the Applicant was caught in a terrible dilemma, being torn between the
prospect of going to trial and facing a minimum sentence of 20 years’
imprisonment and 15 strokes of the cane on the one hand, and pleading guilty
and facing a minimum sentence of five years’ imprisonment and five strokes of
the cane on the other. It also could not deny that, leaving aside the question
of the Applicant’s innocence, the logical choice and foremost priority for the
Applicant in the prevailing circumstances would be to avoid the risk of a
20-year imprisonment term at all costs.

37 The Prosecution further confirmed, as Mr Vergis had pointed out, that the
Applicant had consistently maintained his innocence from the beginning of the
matter in 1992 right up to the day when he had pleaded guilty in the District
Court, and that the Applicant had been consistent and unwavering in his
version of the material events. Not once did the Prosecution attempt to cast
aspersions or doubts over the Applicant’s unequivocal denial of his
involvement in the offence. Indeed, as pointed out at [31] above, the
Prosecution in its written submissions for this application “ma[d]e no
comments on the truth or falsity”[note: 11] of the Applicant’s various
statements to CNB.

38 Nor was the Prosecution at all able to rebut Mr Vergis’s argument that
apart from the Applicant’s plea of guilty, the Prosecution had no objective
evidence implicating the Applicant _vis-à-vis_ the block of cannabis found by
Cpl Nasiran on 12 August 1992, except for uncorroborated allegations by Aziz,
the alleged accomplice and a fugitive from the law for 15 years who had been
arrested entirely by chance. Not a single shred of objective evidence to pin
the Applicant to the offence was placed before me. The polythene bag which
contained the block of cannabis was dusted for fingerprints, but revealed only
smudges. Neither the polythene bag nor the knapsack were sent by CNB for
deoxyribonucleic acid (“DNA”) analysis, despite the fact that DNA laboratories
at the predecessor body of the present Health Sciences Authority (“HSA”) had
been set up in 1990. Indeed, the Prosecution acknowledged that it was only in
2006 that CNB began regularly sending the packaging in which drugs were found
(_eg_ , plastic bags) to HSA for DNA analysis, even though the police had
already been regularly sending items for DNA analysis for more than a decade
before that.

39 It became incontrovertible, in the course of the hearing on 28 March 2008,
that the Prosecution’s entire case against the Applicant rested lock, stock
and barrel on Aziz’s testimony. _Ex facie_ , however, the evidence of Aziz, as
reflected in the statement of facts which he accepted when he pleaded guilty
on 15 November 2007 (see [21] above), was far from watertight. For example,
turning to the passage from that statement of facts where it is stated that
Aziz knew that the knapsack contained cannabis and agreed to help the
Applicant when the latter asked for assistance in transporting the cannabis
out of the PSA Container Port, one might enquire why Aziz’s help was required
to transport the cannabis if the knapsack could just as easily have been
carried by the Applicant himself. Further, it seemed odd and dubious that Aziz
was entreated to do nothing other than carry the knapsack; how could one, for
instance, be entirely certain that Aziz was not going to be roped in to sell
the cannabis as well? If the Applicant did not even know where to get
cannabis, how would he know how to dispose of it so as to raise the money
which he allegedly needed? Suffice to (simply) say that Aziz’s evidence, as it
was placed before me, was clearly far from irreproachable and compelling. It
could not by any account establish a case against the Applicant beyond a
reasonable doubt.

40 That aside, the guilt of the Applicant was questionable simply on a cursory
scrutiny of the other materials before me. For instance, the Applicant, in his
affidavit filed in support of the present application, stated that upon his
arrest at CNB’s headquarters, the contents of the knapsack which Aziz had
carried were removed in front of him. The knapsack contained one set of
overalls and a cap. The Applicant told CNB’s officers at that time that the
overalls could not be his, given that he was still wearing his own overalls
when he was detained at the PSA Container Port Gate No 1. This strikes one as
plausibly being the truth when one considers the statement in the
Prosecution’s written submissions that the Applicant, following his arrest on
12 August 1992, was brought back to his family home, where various items,
_including a pair of overalls_ , were seized. The logical inference to be
drawn in regard to this would be that the knapsack belonged to Aziz and not to
the Applicant. Unfortunately, CNB, from what the Prosecution stated in court,
appeared to have made no real efforts to ascertain the actual owner of the
overalls and the cap found in the knapsack. CNB could have, but did not, for
example, send the overalls and the cap for DNA analysis. Another telling fact
was that the Applicant’s urine was tested periodically during the 15-year
intervening period and was found to be consistently negative for controlled
substances. Aziz, however, tested positive for _cannabis_ when he was arrested
in 2007. This can quite plausibly allow for the inference that it was Aziz,
and not the Applicant, who was an abuser of cannabis and who would therefore
have been familiar with the trade of cannabis. Who, then, of the two was more
likely to be involved in the trafficking of cannabis? Finally, there was
nothing at all in the statement of facts which the Applicant accepted when he
pleaded guilty (see [24] above) that referred to the source of the cannabis.
If the Applicant was the primary trafficker, where did he obtain the cannabis
from? It is to be noted that Aziz, in contrast, admitted in the statement of
facts tendered by the Prosecution in his case that he had previously obtained
cannabis from “Pa Hitam” (see [21] above).

41 Returning to the Applicant’s plea of guilty, all in all, I was satisfied
that the Applicant had, at the time of making that plea, faced _very real and
substantial pressures_ created by very exceptional circumstances. One stark
illustration would be the lapse of 15 years between his first arrest (on 12
August 1992) and his re-arrest (on 10 April 2007), which would have
contributed in no small measure to both the uncertainty regarding the strength
of his defence as well as the serious paucity of evidence in support of his
case. This, in all likelihood, coalesced and culminated in the Applicant’s
ultimate plea of guilty on 26 November 2007. Given the circumstances, the
Applicant had, in my opinion, given _a plausible and reasonable explanation_
for making such a plea. Moreover, the totality of the evidence (or rather the
lack thereof) raised _serious doubts_ in my mind relating to the Applicant’s
guilt.

42 That having been said, the next issue, then, was whether the pressures
faced by the Applicant to plead guilty and the doubts relating to his guilt
could justify and warrant the exercise of the High Court’s power of revision
to quash his conviction. This would involve a legal evaluation, _viz_ , a
consideration of whether it would be correct in law for this court, given the
two factors just mentioned, to exercise its power of revision.

Legal evaluation of the parties’ arguments

**_General principles of law relating to criminal revision_**

43 In _Ng Kim Han v PP_ [2001] 2 SLR 293 (“ _Ng Kim Han_ ”), Yong Pung How CJ
held (at [15]) that the fact that an accused applying for criminal revision
had pleaded guilty of his own accord ought not to be a bar to the exercise of
the High Court’s revisionary power. Rather, the fact that a plea of guilty had
been entered simply meant that the accused had lost his right to appeal
against his conviction pursuant to s 244 of the CPC. In such a situation, an
application by way of criminal revision would be the only means by which the
accused could have a wrongful conviction set aside.

44 The High Court’s power of criminal revision is provided for in s 23 of the
Supreme Court of Judicature Act (Cap 322, 2007 Rev Ed), which states:

**Revision of criminal proceedings of subordinate courts**

**23.** The High Court may exercise powers of revision in respect of criminal
proceedings and matters in subordinate courts in accordance with the
provisions of any written law for the time being in force relating to criminal
procedure.

This provision is supplemented by ss 266–270 of the CPC, which are as follows:

**Power to call for records of subordinate courts.**

**266.** —(1) The High Court may call for and examine the record of any
criminal proceeding before any subordinate court for the purpose of satisfying
itself as to the correctness, legality or propriety of any finding, sentence
or order recorded or passed and as to the regularity of any proceedings of
that subordinate court.

(2) Orders made under sections 105 and 106 and proceedings under Chapter XXX
are not proceedings within the meaning of this section.

**Power to order further inquiry.**

**267.** On examining any record under section 266 or otherwise the High Court
may direct the Magistrate to make, and the Magistrate shall make, further
inquiry into any complaint which has been dismissed under section 134 or into
the case of any accused person who has been discharged.

**Power of court on revision.**

**268.** —(1) The High Court may in any case, the record of the proceedings of
which has been called for by itself or which otherwise comes to its knowledge,
in its discretion exercise any of the powers conferred by sections 251, 255,
256 and 257.

(2) No order under this section shall be made to the prejudice of the accused
unless he has had an opportunity of being heard either personally or by
advocate in his own defence.

(3) Nothing in this section shall be deemed to authorise the High Court to
convert a finding of acquittal into one of conviction.

**Permission for parties to appear.**

**269.** No party has any right to be heard either personally or by advocate
before the High Court when exercising its powers of revision:

Provided that the Court may, if it thinks fit, when exercising such powers,
hear any party either personally or by advocate, and that nothing in this
section shall be deemed to affect section 268(2).

**Orders on revision.**

**270.** When a case is revised under this Chapter by the High Court it shall
certify its decision or order to the court by which the finding, sentence or
order revised was recorded or passed, and the court to which the decision or
order is so certified shall thereupon make such orders as are conformable to
the decision so certified, and, if necessary, the record shall be amended in
accordance therewith.

The superior courts of Malaysia and India are accorded similar revisionary
jurisdiction by their respective criminal procedure codes (see ss 323–327 of
the Criminal Procedure Code (FMS Cap 6) (M’sia) and ss 397–405 of India’s Code
of Criminal Procedure 1973 (Act No 2 of 1974)).

45 Essentially, the High Court’s revisionary jurisdiction can be described as
a kind of paternal or supervisory jurisdiction. In Tan Yock Lin, _Criminal
Procedure_ (LexisNexis, 2007) (“ _Criminal Procedure_ ”), the object of this
jurisdiction is described as such (at vol 2, para XIX.3904):

[T]he revisionary jurisdiction, which otherwise functions to all intents and
purposes as an appeal, is a paternal jurisdiction _._ The High Court exercises
the jurisdiction as the guardian of … criminal justice, anxious to right all
wrongs, regardless [of] whether [they are] felt to be so by an aggrieved
party.

46 At first blush, it would appear that the CPC confers an extraordinarily
wide power of revision upon the High Court as a superior court and, thus,
judges _should not_ seek to lay down “rules which confine that discretion in a
manner in which the legislature has not seen fit to confine it” (_per_
Beaumont CJ in the Bombay High Court in _Shankarshet Ramshet Uravane v
Emperor_ 1933 AIR Bombay 482 at 482.) Nonetheless, “while it is not desirable
to crystallise or restrict the revisional powers of a [superior court], these
powers are to be exercised with _circumspection_ and _care_ ” [emphasis added]
(_per_ Lobo JC in the Sind Judicial Commissioner’s Court in _Emperor v Jumo
Machhi_ (1940) 41 Cr LJ 568 at 570). The revisionary jurisdiction is
undoubtedly discretionary in its nature, but “that discretion has to be
exercised on _judicial_ principles” [emphasis added] (_per_ Rahman J in the
Lahore High Court in _Siraj Din v The Crown_ (1950) 51 Cr LJ 773 at 775). As
astutely noted in _Mallal’s Criminal Procedure_ (Andrew Christopher Simon ed)
(Malayan Law Journal Sdn Bhd, 6th Ed, 2001) at p 5084:

Exercise of discretion means according to the _rules of reason and justice_ ,
not private opinion; according to law and not humour; it is to be, not
arbitrary, vague or fanciful, but _legal and regular_ ; to be exercised not
capriciously, but on _judicial grounds and for substantial reasons_. The
discretion must be exercised without taking into account any reason which is
not a legal one. This discretion must be _exercised carefully_ , with regard
to all the circumstances of each particular case, since the circumstances in
each case will vary greatly. [emphasis added]

The revisionary jurisdiction must not be exercised in such a way that a right
of appeal may practically be given whenever such right is definitely excluded
by the statutory provisions on criminal procedure (_per_ Piggott J in the
Allahabad High Court in _Ahsan-ullah Khan v Mansukh Ram_ 1914 (36) ILR
Allahabad 403 at 405). It is not the purpose of criminal revision to become a
convenient form of “backdoor appeal” against conviction for accused persons
who have pleaded guilty to the charges against them (_per_ Yong CJ in _Teo Hee
Heng v PP_ [2000] 3 SLR 168 at [7]). The courts have therefore formulated
certain principles to guide the prudent exercise of this extraordinary power.

47 The starting point in Singapore, according to Yong CJ in _Ma Teresa Bebango
Bedico v PP_ [2002] 1 SLR 192 (“ _Ma Teresa_ ”), is that the High Court’s
power of revision is to be exercised “sparingly” (at [8]), _viz_ , not all
errors by a lower court should lead to a revision of that court’s decision.
The threshold requirement, according to Yong CJ in _Ma Teresa_ , is that of
“serious injustice” (_ibid_). This proposition was earlier stated in _Ang Poh
Chuan_ _v PP_ [1996] 1 SLR 326 (“ _Ang Poh Chuan_ ”) at 330, [17] as follows:

[V]arious phrases may be used to identify the circumstances which would
attract the exercise of the revisionary jurisdiction, but they all share the
common denominator that there must be some _serious injustice_. Of course
there cannot be a precise definition of what would constitute such serious
injustice for that would in any event unduly circumscribe what must be a wide
discretion vested in the court, the exercise of which would depend largely on
the particular facts. _But generally it must be shown that there is something
palpably wrong in the decision that strikes at its basis as an exercise of
judicial power by the court below_. [emphasis added]

In _Ang Poh Chuan_ (which was approved by the Court of Appeal in _Ng Chye Huey
v PP_ [2007] 2 SLR 106), Yong CJ distilled the above approach from, _inter
alia_ , _dicta_ found in a trinity of Indian cases. In _State of Orissa v
Nakula Sahu_ 1979 (66) AIR SC 663, Jaswant Singh J, who delivered the judgment
of the Supreme Court of India, stated the following (at 666):

[I]t is now well settled that normally the jurisdiction of the High Court
under [the Indian equivalent of s 266 of the CPC] is to be exercised only in
exceptional cases when there is a glaring defect in the procedure or there is
a manifest error on a point of law which has consequently resulted in flagrant
miscarriage of justice.

In _Akalu Ahir v Ramdeo Ram_ 1973 (60) AIR SC 2145, I D Dua J, who delivered
the judgment of the Supreme Court of India, stated the following (at 2147):

Now adverting to the power of revision conferred on a High Court … it is an
extraordinary discretionary power vested in the superior Court to be exercised
in aid of justice; in other words, to set right grave injustice. The High
Court has been invested with this power to see that justice is done in
accordance with the recognised rules of criminal jurisprudence and that the
subordinate Courts do not exceed their jurisdiction or abuse the power
conferred on them by law. As a general rule, this power, in spite of the wide
language of [India’s Code of Criminal Procedure] does not contemplate
interference with the conclusions of fact in the absence of serious legal
infirmity and failure of justice.

And, in _Amar Chand Agarwala v Shanti Bose_ 1973 (60) AIR SC 799, C A
Vaidialingam J, who delivered the judgment of the Supreme Court of India,
stated the following (at 804):

Even assuming that the High Court was exercising jurisdiction under [the
Indian equivalent of s 266 of the CPC], in our opinion, the present was not a
case for interference by the High Court. The jurisdiction of the High Court is
to be exercised normally under [the Indian equivalent of s 266 of the CPC],
only in exceptional cases when there is a glaring defect in the procedure or
there is a manifest error of point of law and consequently there has been a
flagrant miscarriage of justice.

48 According to the learned author of _Criminal Procedure_ ([45] _supra_), the
requirement of “some serious injustice … something palpably wrong in the
decision that strikes at its basis as an exercise of judicial power” laid down
in _Ang Poh Chuan_ (at 330, [17]) is a higher standard for the exercise of the
High Court’s revisionary power in comparison to the approach taken by the
Malaysian courts, whose recent statements of principle indicate that the power
of criminal revision is to be “sparingly exercised and only when there is a
miscarriage of justice or a perverse and unreasonable decision or sentence”
(see _Criminal Procedure_ at vol 2, para XIX.4405).

49 I agree with the cautious and limited exercise of the High Court’s
revisionary power as stated in [46]–[47] above. This extraordinary judicial
power must not be regarded or exercised as an alternative appellate route (a
point which I mentioned earlier at [46] above). However, it also has to be
kept in mind that Parliament has conferred this power on the High Court so as
to ensure that no potential cases of serious injustice are left without a
meaningful remedy or real redress. A court would fail in its constitutional
duty to oversee the administration of criminal justice if it remains impassive
and unresponsive to what may objectively appear to be a potentially serious
miscarriage of justice. With the general legal principles on criminal revision
having been set out, the legal principles on criminal revision which are
specifically relevant to the Applicant’s case will now be addressed.

**_Specific principles of law relating to the present application_**

50 The requirement of serious injustice likewise applies in cases where
criminal revision is sought to overturn a conviction flowing from a plea of
guilty. In _Ng Kim Han_ ([43] _supra_), where Yong CJ held (at [15]) that the
fact that an accused had pleaded guilty of his own accord would not be a bar
to the exercise of the High Court’s revisionary power, it was also emphasised
(at [6]) that this power was to be exercised sparingly and only if the court
was satisfied that there had been some serious injustice which warranted the
exercise of its power of revision. The _crucial_ question for present purposes
would thus be whether the pressures faced by the Applicant to plead guilty
and/or the doubts raised as to truth of the Applicant’s guilt should be
construed as “serious injustice” which would warrant an exercise of the High
Court’s power of revision.

51 Some initial guidance can be found in the decision of _Mohamed_ _Hiraz
Hassim v PP_ [2005] 1 SLR 622, where Yong CJ gave illustrations of situations
where “serious injustice” could be found. These included (at [9]):

… cases where a judge exceeded his powers: PP v Nyu Tiong Lam [1996] 1 SLR
273; where there was inconsistency in sentencing for two or more offenders
participating in the same offence: PP v Ramlee [1998] 3 SLR 539; and where the
[s]tatement of [f]acts did not disclose all the necessary elements of the
offence but the petitioner pleaded guilty anyway: Abdul Aziz bin Ahtam v PP
[1997] 2 SLR 96; see also Chen Hock Heng Textile Printing Pte Ltd v PP [1996]
1 SLR 745. In addition, the court’s powers of revision were exercised when the
petitioner pleaded guilty to a wrong charge and was erroneously convicted of a
charge which attracted a heavier punishment: PP v Koon Seng Construction Pte
Ltd [1996] 1 SLR 573.

None of the examples set out above apply to the present case, where the
circumstances now show that the Applicant felt pressurised to plead guilty
and, furthermore, that serious doubts now exist as to the Applicant’s guilt.
There are other local cases, nevertheless, which indicate that the presence of
these two factors could justify this court’s exercise of its power of revision
in the instant case.

52 On the issue of the presence of pressure on an accused to plead guilty as a
basis for criminal revision, the case of _Chua Qwee Teck v PP_ [1991] SLR 857
(“ _Chua Qwee Teck_ ”) is instructive. That case involved an offender who had
pleaded guilty to two charges of cheating, admitting without qualification to
the statement of facts presented to the court, and who had then been convicted
and sentenced to a term of five months’ imprisonment. The offender
subsequently filed a petition for revision of his conviction, claiming, _inter
alia_ , that his counsel had put him under pressure to plead guilty and had
advised him erroneously that if he pleaded guilty and made restitution, the
court would only impose a fine. Chan Sek Keong J dismissed the petition as the
offender was unable to demonstrate that he had been under pressure at the
material time or that the circumstances surrounding the pressure which he
allegedly faced were such that he could not genuinely make a choice on how to
plead. In respect of the former, Chan J held that the offender had not
established that he had been under any pressure to plead guilty in the first
place. He gave two reasons for this finding. Firstly, the offender did not
think that the alternative to pleading guilty was a heavier sentence (at 865,
[21]):

There was no threat or pressure on him to plead guilty since he was not told
and did not think that the alternative was a heavier sentence if he were found
guilty.

Secondly, the offender could have discharged his counsel and there was nothing
preventing him from doing so (_ibid_):

Since he had maintained his innocence all along, and this is confirmed by his
own counsel, he could have rejected his counsel’s advice and fought on in the
hope of obtaining an acquittal. He could have discharged his counsel for
lacking confidence in putting up a successful defence.

53 The approach taken by Chan J is similar to the approach taken by the
English courts in the exercise of their _appellate_ power to quash convictions
following from pleas of guilty. The cases in which this appellate power has
been considered have some value for the purposes of this application in so far
as this power serves a similar objective to that which underlies the High
Court’s _revisionary_ power under the CPC. It has been emphasised similarly
that this appellate power of the English courts should be exercised with the
same circumspection as that applicable to the revisionary jurisdiction which I
am being asked to exercise in the present application (see _Walter Lucas_
(1908) 1 Crim App R 61 and _Eric Henry Dodd_ (1982) 74 Crim App R 50 at 57,
amongst others). It has also been observed in England that the court has an
inherent jurisdiction to order a new trial if the pressure which an offender
faces when he makes his plea of guilty causes him to lose his power to make a
voluntary and deliberate choice (see _Regina v Turner_ [1970] 2 QB 321). John
Sprack, _Emmins on Criminal Procedure_ (Blackstone Press Limited, 8th Ed,
2000) notes (at para 16.3.3):

Not only must the plea of guilty come from the lips of the accused, but his
mind must go with his plea. In other words, where a guilty plea is extracted
from the accused by pressure and the circumstances are such that he cannot
genuinely choose between pleading guilty and pleading not guilty, then that
plea is a nullity. If he appeals, the [English] Court of Appeal will quash the
conviction and order a retrial. The pressure necessary for a plea of guilty to
be rendered a nullity may come either from the judge or from counsel.

As stated in the above extract, pressure on an accused to plead guilty may
come from a number of sources: the court, defence counsel or even other
sources (see _Blackstone’s Criminal Practice 2008_ (Meredith Hooper & David
Ormerod eds) (Oxford University Press, 2007) at para D12.93). Whether there
has been sufficient pressure on an accused for his guilty plea to be
considered a nullity in a particular case would depend on the particular facts
and circumstances (see _R v Peace_ [1976] Crim LR 119). The English courts, it
would seem, quite rightly take the view that this is not an area of law where
it would serve any useful purpose in strait-jacketing the exercise of judicial
discretion.

54 A broadly similar view has also been adopted by the courts in Canada in
their (also cautious) exercise of their _appellate_ power to quash convictions
following guilty pleas. In _Lamoureux v R_ (1984) 40 CR (3d) 369; 13 CCC (3d)
101 (“ _Lamoureux_ ”), a decision of the Court of Appeal of Quebec, the
accused pleaded guilty to a charge of theft in the lower court. At the
sentencing hearing which followed soon after, defence counsel acknowledged
that he had pressured the accused to plead guilty and moved to withdraw the
latter’s plea of guilty. The trial judge, however, felt that the accused had
not been taken by surprise, that he had known what was happening and that his
plea of guilty had been made freely and voluntarily. Represented by different
counsel, the accused then appealed to the Court of Appeal of Quebec. The court
allowed the appeal for the following reasons (_per_ Rothman JA):

14 I recognize that this court should not lightly interfere with the decision
of the trial judge who refused to allow the change of plea. The circumstances
in the present case are unusual and troubling, however, and, with respect, I
do not think the trial judge paid sufficient attention to the conduct of
defence counsel in inducing the accused to plead guilty.

15 This is not one of those cases where an accused, after receiving a sentence
that was more severe than he expected, complains that he was misled as to the
nature and consequences of the plea of guilty that he had offered. Even the
pre-sentence report gives no indication that the accused knew that he could
expect a more severe sentence. In this case, the accused tried to change his
plea before sentence, contending that he had been subject to pressure from his
lawyer and that he did not wish to admit guilt.

16 While there may be some difference between the version of the accused and
the version of his counsel as to the reason for the pressure, both versions
indicate that the plea of guilty was induced by pressure from counsel and that
the accused did not wish to plead guilty.

17 Now, counsel has, not only a right, but a duty to advise an accused as to
the weaknesses of his case, as to the probable outcome of the trial and as to
the nature and consequences of a plea. Sometimes that advice must be firmly
given. But counsel certainly has no right to pressure an accused into
anything, least of all into pleading guilty. A plea of guilty must always be a
free and voluntary act by the accused himself, untainted by any threats or
promises to induce the accused to admit that he committed the offence when he
does not wish or intend to do so. Whether or not counsel specifically told the
accused that he had made an agreement with the Crown to obtain a suspended
sentence if he pleaded guilty, he admits that he did pressure the accused to
plead guilty.

…

21 In order to justify a change of plea, an accused must satisfy the trial
judge and, on appeal, he must satisfy the Court of Appeal that there are valid
grounds for his being permitted to do so: _Adgey v. R._ [[1975] 2 SCR 426] …
[at] p. 431; _R. v. Bamsey_ , [1960] S.C.R. 294, 32 C.R. 218, 30 W.W.R. 552,
125 C.C.C. 329. Where an accused, as in this case, is represented by counsel,
his burden in requesting a change of plea is a particularly heavy one:
_Brosseau v. R_. [[1969] SCR 181, 65 WWR 751, 2 DLR (3d) 139], … _R. v. Sode_
(1974), 22 C.C.C. (2d) 329, 10 N.S.R. (2d) 250 (C.A.).

22 But where it was established that improper pressure from counsel was the
reason for the guilty plea I believe that burden is discharged. In my opinion,
the integrity of the process requires that a change of plea be granted in such
cases.

Unfortunately, the court in _Lamoureux_ did not elaborate on the details of
the pressure exerted by counsel on the accused. _Lamoureux_ , however, was
applied in _R v Sampson_ (1993) 112 Nfld & PEIR 355; 350 APR 355, a decision
of the Newfoundland Supreme Court, where the accused pleaded guilty to a
charge of sexual assault. The accused subsequently applied, before sentence,
to have the conviction set aside, his plea changed to not guilty and a new
trial ordered. O’Regan J allowed the accused’s application, observing as
follows:

5 It is well settled that the onus for such an application is on the accused.
The application requires the exercise of judicial discretion after considering
all the circumstances. The exercise of the judicial discretion will not be
lightly interfered with. In hearing the application the judge can also
consider evidence on the application itself. …

6 In the present case a transcript of the evidence was not available due to a
malfunction with the recording equipment. The minutes and court notes show,
however, that the accused was represented by counsel, re-elected and entered
his guilty plea. These circumstances place [a] heavy … onus on the applicant
and I find that he can only be successful if he can show the court that he was
under a misapprehension as to the effect of his plea or does not admit an
essential ingredient. …

…

7 At the inquiry in supporting the application the accused retained new
counsel. I had the benefit of the accused’s evidence as well as counsel who
appeared for him at trial. Counsel at trial said that he only met the accused
for 45 minutes on the morning of trial and again for about one hour before
changing his plea [presumably, what O’Regan J meant here was that defence
counsel met the accused again one hour before the latter indicated that he
wished to change his plea]. It was his understanding that the accused could
not remember the offences and his only explanation for the charges was that
one of the complainants had “a grudge” towards him. Trial Counsel discussed
with the accused the advantage of entering a guilty plea to one charge and
thus minimizing the sentence. He suggested that the accused follow his advice
and indeed urged him to do so. Trial Counsel informed the court that although
he urged his client to plead guilty the final decision was left with his
client. This action by defence counsel is not improper. Indeed counsel for an
accused not only has a right but a duty to firmly show his client the
weaknesses of his case. See _Lamoureaux v. R._ 40 C.R. (3d) p. 369 at p. 373.
I find that counsel for the accused acted properly under the circumstances
considering the information he possessed. He felt that the accused had a full
appreciation of the options and advised him accordingly. The begging question,
however, is whether or not the accused had the same appreciation when he
accepted his lawyer’s advice.

8 The accused says it was not a question of “not remembering” the offences but
rather he thought he told his lawyer they didn’t happen.

9 To fully appreciate the state of mind of the accused the background and the
circumstances of the plea must be carefully viewed.

10 The accused is a young married man with two children. He comes from a small
community on the Labrador coast and has little education. When first charged
with the offence[s] the accused was represented by a legal aid lawyer. He says
he was never interviewed concerning the offences. This lawyer appeared for him
at the preliminary [inquiry] but had little or no discussion with him as he
was pressed for time due to travel on the Labrador coast where the preliminary
[inquiry] was held. The file was subsequently transferred to the lawyer who
appeared for him at trial.

11 Before the trial he [the accused] was contacted by his lawyer who told him
he would meet him a day before trial and plan their defence. As his trial
lawyer stated, because of other commitments he could not meet the accused
until the day of his trial and only met with him for a total of one and one
half hours. In fact the only real meeting between the accused and his lawyer
was for 45 minutes on the morning of the trial because undoubtedly the time
spent before [the] plea [was entered] in the afternoon consisted mainly of
negotiating the change of plea and other related matters. Both meetings were
at the Court House.

12 The accused says that when he told the lawyer that the offences never
happened he was left with the impression that it would be “practically
impossible” to be found not guilty. The accused says that the hopelessness of
the situation, the lack of time to consider and the pressure of the trial made
him “plead to the sentence” rather than the offence. He simply stated that if
his lawyer said “he didn’t have a chance” then he might as well “go for the
lesser time” as “he wanted to see his family again as soon as possible”.
Supporting the accused’s testimony in this regard we had the benefit of
evidence from a person he phoned prior to changing his plea. That individual
described to the court the feeling of helplessness that the accused had as
well as his intent to plead guilty because he would get less time.

…

13 Although I find no improper conduct by his counsel I am satisfied that the
_accused was under tremendous pressure due to all the circumstances and
subjectively believed there was no other way out other than for him to plead
guilty and get a short term in jail. Circumstances of each case must determine
the outcome and in this case I find that the interests of justice will be best
served by permitting the accused to withdraw the plea_. …

14 In summary I find that the applicant has met the onus and I therefore
exercise my discretion in allowing him to withdraw his guilty plea. I find
that he subjectively felt he didn’t have a defence or any real possibility of
acquittal and therefore did not appreciate the effect of the plea.

[emphasis added]

Another relevant case in which _Lamoureux_ was cited is _R v Ceballo_ (1997)
14 CR (5th) 15 (“ _Ceballo_ ”), a decision of the Ontario Court of Justice
(Provincial Division). The accused in that case had pleaded guilty to
assaulting his former girlfriend and threatening her with death. He was
represented by counsel when he pleaded guilty. The accused subsequently denied
having assaulted the victim in the pre-sentence report prepared by a probation
officer and indicated on the date set for sentencing that he wished to
withdraw his guilty pleas. He retained new counsel, who filed an application
to strike down the accused’s guilty pleas on the grounds that the accused’s
understanding of the consequences of his pleas had been “clouded by other
considerations” (_id_ at [12]) and that the available evidence brought into
question the accused’s guilt. The accused testified that he originally
intended to claim trial. However, as the trial date approached, he simply
“gave up” (_id_ at [14]) in the face of the pessimism of his previous counsel
concerning the likely outcome of the trial, the latter’s dismissal of the
material which he (the accused) had presented to prove his innocence and the
latter’s complaints about working on a legal aid certificate. According to the
accused, his previous counsel had pushed him into pleading guilty, telling him
that because domestic violence was such a “hot issue” (_ibid_), he would not
have a fair trial and the best solution would be to “work out a deal”
(_ibid_). Fairgrieve Prov J, in allowing the accused’s application to have his
guilty pleas struck out, held:

33 Despite the record which, I think it fair to say, establishes on its face
the voluntary and unequivocal nature of the accused’s guilty pleas, the truth,
I am satisfied, is otherwise. I accept that Mr. Ceballo [the accused]
maintained his innocence for the year that preceded his guilty pleas and that
he re-asserted it immediately afterwards. I accept that he pleaded guilty not
because he considered himself guilty of the offences, but because he had been
led to believe that it was the best way to put the matter behind him and to
minimize the potential consequences for himself. As a result of the advice he
received from his lawyer, I accept that Mr. Ceballo had no confidence that a
trial would ascertain the truth of the matter or produce a just disposition.

…

35 The evidence called on this application made it apparent that Mr. Ceballo
was subjected to pressures that interfered with the exercise of appropriate
judgment by him. It is unfortunate that his previous counsel had conveyed,
perhaps unwittingly, that because he had been retained by way of a Legal Aid
certificate, the accused could not expect the same attention or vigorous
defence that another client might receive. I accept that Mr. Ceballo, knowing
that his lawyer had not prepared for trial, felt at the climactic moment that
there was, as he put it, “no one in [his] corner”.

36 Mr. Ceballo’s feelings of frustration at his previous counsel’s evident
failure to appreciate the significance of the material provided to him is
similarly understandable. In my view, the complainant’s repeated recantations
and explanation of why she had misled the authorities went well beyond what
one often encounters in the domestic violence context. Taken with the other
material suggesting prior discreditable conduct on the part of the complainant
which impugned her reliability generally, let alone the accused’s repeated
denials, it is very difficult to understand why counsel would not have
identified the case as one that clearly required a trial.

…

38 I also think it is regrettable that the [accused’s] previous counsel
managed to convey to his client, again perhaps inadvertently, that because the
case involved allegations of domestic violence, he could not expect a fair
trial. I am inclined to believe [counsel’s] testimony that he did not make
that statement explicitly, but I do accept that his reference to the “current
climate” and the severity with which offences of that nature were invariably
treated managed to create that impression with his client. If that was the
genuine belief of counsel, then it was undoubtedly appropriate for him to
advise his client in accordance with it. For these purposes, though, the
significant point is that it had the predictable result of increasing the
pressure on the accused to resolve the matter by pleading guilty, regardless
of the weaknesses of the Crown’s case or the defences potentially available.

39 I might add that even if the lawyer’s recommendation reflected his own
honest belief, it was clearly mistaken. Recently published statistics would
seem to confirm the anecdotal experience of most of the participants in the
specialized “domestic violence” court that operates here at the Old City Hall.
Of the charges that proceed to trial, the number of acquittals evidently
approximates the number of convictions … It is obviously essential that people
caught up in such cases realize that the adversarial process is no less
important as the means of ascertaining the truth in this context than it is in
any other criminal case. Defence counsel clearly have a crucial role to play,
and I do not think it is unfair to suggest that that may have been forgotten
at an earlier stage of the proceedings in this case.

40 In view of the circumstances that led Mr. Ceballo to plead guilty, I am
satisfied that he should be permitted to withdraw his plea _s. There is reason
to believe that his pleas were neither unequivocal nor voluntary in the
required sense. While he said nothing in court at the crucial moment to
suggest any uncertainty or qualification, the evidence called in support of
the application establishes that the accused’s pleas were reluctant and at
variance with his own belief concerning the facts and his own responsibility.
Moreover, I accept that he felt pressured by his previous counsel, who was
unprepared for trial and who had led his client to believe that he could not
expect a fair trial. As a result, while Mr. Ceballo understood his options and
the consequences of a guilty plea, he made the wrong choice based on the
improper pressures that had been placed on him._

[emphasis added]

55 In _Ceballo_ , a further reason given by Fairgrieve Prov J as justifying
the setting aside of the accused’s guilty pleas was that the evidence adduced
before the court showed that there was serious reason to doubt the accused’s
guilt (at [41]):

_The other reason for permitting the withdrawal of Mr. Ceballo’s guilty pleas
is that, based on the evidence adduced here, there is serious reason to doubt
his guilt_. Without an opportunity to hear the current version of events that
might be given by the complainant, it would be wrong to conclude that her
testimony would inevitably be rejected. At the same time, it is difficult to
think that her evidence could ever provide a safe basis for conviction. It
would be fundamentally wrong to proceed with the imposition of sentence in
such circumstances. [emphasis added]

The view of the court in _Ceballo_ might, at first blush, appear to go further
than what Yong CJ stated in _Knight Glenn Jeyasingam v PP_ [1999] 3 SLR 362 (“
_Glenn Knight_ ”) at [19] and [22]:

19 … The court’s immediate duty is to satisfy itself as to the correctness,
legality or propriety of any order passed and as to the regularity of any
proceedings of that subordinate court. However, this is not sufficient to
require the intervention of the courts on revision. The irregularity or
otherwise noted from the record of proceedings must have resulted in grave and
serious injustice.

… __

22 _The authorities demonstrate that the revisionary jurisdiction of the High
Court is not to be ordinarily invoked merely because the court below had taken
a wrong view of [the] law or [had] failed to appreciate the evidence on
record. Even if a different view is possible, there will be no revisionary
interference where the court below has taken a view of the evidence on record
and no glaring defect of procedure or jurisdiction has taken place_ : _Narayan
Sahu v Sushama Sahu_ (1992) Cri LJ 2912 where no interference was ordered with
the lower magistrate’s finding of fact because the order suffered from no
legal infirmity. [emphasis added]

The approach evinced by Yong CJ in _Glenn Knight_ could be said to suggest
that the High Court should not intervene if there was no defect in procedure
or jurisdiction in the court below even if a different view of the evidence on
record could have been taken. However, in the present case, as was mentioned
earlier (see [32] above), it has to be emphasised that the evidence on record
before me was fundamentally different from the evidence before the lower court
(that appears to have been the position in _Ceballo_ as well in terms of the
evidence tendered in support of the accused’s application to withdraw his
guilty pleas as compared to the (earlier) evidence available when the accused
pleaded guilty). The approach taken in _Glenn Knight_ should _not_ be taken as
precluding the exercise of the High Court’s power of revision where there is a
serious doubt as to the accused’s guilt if the evidence giving rise to such
doubt has not been placed before the lower court. At the end of the day, it
must be emphatically declared that criminal revision is an area of law that
requires the eschewing of technicalities for robust common sense. In every
application for criminal revision that seeks to set aside an earlier plea of
guilty, the reviewing court ought to ask itself this question: Are the
circumstances such that the reviewing court entertains a serious doubt as to
the guilt of the applicant, the latter’s guilty plea notwithstanding? In
short, the actual attainment of substantive justice always trumps the
consideration of complying with procedural justice in cases such as this.

56 It would be helpful, for the purposes of giving clearer guidance to the
legal community, to now draw the various threads of analysis together and set
out the principles for criminal revision which are relevant to the present
application. I must caution, however, that this is not an attempt to
exhaustively restate the law on criminal revision; the principles which I
shall go on to set out below are confined to the ones which are salient in the
present context. These principles are as follows. Firstly, the High Court’s
power of revision is to be _exercised sparingly_ and the possible existence of
a _serious injustice must be present_ before the High Court will exercise such
power (_Ang Poh Chuan_ ([47] _supra_)). Secondly, there would be a serious
injustice if the pressures faced by an offender to plead guilty are such that
the offender did not _genuinely_ have the freedom to choose between pleading
guilty and pleading not guilty (see _Chua Qwee Teck_ ([52] _supra_), as well
as the English and the Canadian cases cited in [53]–[54] above). Whether the
requisite pressure is present would of course depend on all the particular
facts and circumstances of the case (_R v Peace_ ([53] _supra_)). Furthermore,
it stands to reason that if the evidence before the High Court indicates that
the applicant’s defence if the matter goes to trial is hopeless or is doomed
to fail, the court ought to decline to exercise its power of revision. This
brings me to the third principle, _viz_ , even where a plea of guilty is made
without any operative pressures on the accused, there would be a serious
injustice if the _additional_ evidence before the reviewing court casts
serious doubts as to the guilt of the accused (see _Ceballo_ ([54] _supra_) at
[41]).

My decision

**_Whether the Applicant’s conviction should be set aside_**

57 The facts and circumstances of the present case establish that the
Applicant, unlike the offender in _Chua Qwee Teck_ , faced real, concrete and,
indeed, overwhelming pressures which culminated in his plea of guilty. To
recapitulate, the following factors featured in this case:

(a) the Applicant, after a lapse of 15 years, was faced with the stark choice
of either pleading guilty and facing a lower mandatory minimum sentence on the
one hand, or, on the other hand, not pleading guilty and facing a far higher
mandatory minimum sentence if convicted;

(b) due to the time which had lapsed since the date of the alleged offence
(_ie_ , 12 August 1992), the Applicant’s lawyer was not confident about his
client’s chances of securing an acquittal;

(c) the Applicant had no independent witness’s testimony or physical evidence
to support his defence and his chances of obtaining any such evidence had
diminished greatly as 15 years had passed since the time of the alleged
offence; and

(d) the Applicant had insufficient finances to secure legal representation if
the case proceeded to trial.

All these would undoubtedly have placed the Applicant under overwhelming
pressures that plainly vitiated his ability to make a genuine, free and
informed decision to plead guilty. Also, the Applicant, unlike the offender in
_Chua Qwee Teck_ , could not discharge his counsel (Mr Marican) and instruct a
new counsel as he did not have sufficient funds. He was in no position to seek
a second opinion on the advice given to him by Mr Marican. Indeed, the
Applicant could not even afford to retain Mr Marican to act for him in his
appeal against sentence (see [26] above); the court had to arrange for counsel
to represent him.

58 Moreover, the totality of the evidence (or the lack thereof) before me (as
mentioned earlier at [33]–[40] above) raised _serious doubts_ as to the
Applicant’s guilt.

59 For the foregoing reasons, I was persuaded that I should set aside the
Applicant’s conviction. It is plain that, in _substance_ , the Applicant’s
plea of guilty was not unequivocal – his mind could not and did not follow
that plea. Further, it must be stressed, as has been rightly pointed out in,
_inter alia_ , _Ng Kim Han_ ([43] _supra_), that the presence of a plea of
guilty (and the accused’s acceptance of the Prosecution’s statement of facts)
is not always conclusive and is not an immovable obstacle blocking the path of
a reviewing court. In _PP v Liew Kim Choo_ [1997] 3 SLR 699, Yong CJ explained
the _procedural_ (as opposed to substantive) nature of a guilty plea and a
statement of facts in criminal proceedings as follows (at [84]):

When a court presumes upon the facts stated, the accused’s plea of guilt and
admission to the statement of facts operate in a way as an estoppel _in those
proceedings only_ – and I wish to emphasise that I use that word for
convenience without any intention to refer to the legal doctrine associated
with it. The accused is not permitted to appeal against his conviction but
only his sentence, although a court exercising its revisionary jurisdiction
may acquit him of the offence in certain circumstances … In both India and
Singapore, the guilty plea and [the] statement of facts are not formal
evidence against the accused. They are **_merely devices relied upon by the
court in convicting the accused_**. Provided the accused is aware of the
nature and consequences of his plea, no investigation into the truth of the
plea of guilt or the statement of facts is undertaken. The truth of the
statement of facts is uncontrovertibly presumed for the purpose of convicting
the accused. **_This does not, however, ‘estop’ the accused from denying that
statement in separate proceedings._** [emphasis added in bold italics]

Yong CJ also noted at [89] that:

(i) There [are] reasons why a person might plead guilty and admit to a
statement of facts even though he [is] innocent and the statement of facts
untruthful. These reasons include[:] (a) a very strong prosecution’s case
which might be premised on evidence that is difficult to rebut; (b) a belief
that it is better to plead guilty in the hope of a light sentence rather than
to risk conviction and a heavier sentence; (c) his having been advised by his
lawyers to plead guilty because they believe the likelihood of his conviction
to be strong although he is not actually guilty; and (d) the accused falling
outside of the category of persons eligible for legal aid and yet being unable
to afford expensive legal representation, especially in complex cases.

(ii) The statement of facts is not in fact prepared by the accused or even
prepared based on an interview with him. It is made by the investigation
officer or [the] Public Prosecutor based on the evidence they have against the
accused. The accused person does not sign the statement of facts. The
statement of facts cannot therefore be accorded the same weight as a statement
made to the police. Furthermore, a suspect is unlikely to make a false
confession to the police unless he was under duress or threat. This
contingency is provided for by statutory provisions excluding the proof of
such confessions. However, a suspect may falsely plead guilty for the reasons
I have set out. As a false guilty plea can only be reversed by revision, the
only safeguard is to subject such pleas to careful scrutiny so that their
proper weight can be determined.

60 The circumstances set out above are by no means exhaustive, but they do
helpfully illustrate that a multitude of considerations may prevail in any
matter and eventually precipitate a plea of guilty by an accused. Harking back
to first principles, _viz_ , that the power of revision has been conferred on
the High Court for the purpose of ensuring that justice is not only seen to be
done but actually done, it was plain to me that the Applicant’s plea of guilty
ought not to be allowed to stand in this instance.

61 In the present case, the exceptional circumstances highlighted earlier (at
[57] above) unfortunately conspired to pressurise the Applicant to plead
guilty. All of these factors culminated in fashioning an overwhelming and
irresistible pressurising force which inexorably influenced the Applicant’s
plea of guilty. I should add that, save in extraordinary cases, alleged
pressure on an accused to plead guilty will be difficult to establish. The
restrained exercise of the High Court’s power of revision to quash a
conviction following a plea of guilty will not lead to a glut of criminal
revision applications. In this regard, the legal fraternity should always be
mindful that this power will be exercised only sparingly.

62 The same principles apply in cases where serious doubts exist as to an
accused’s guilt. This factor similarly affords a basis for criminal revision.
In the present case, the serious doubts as to the Applicant’s guilt were not
brought about by dint of the fact that the testimony of an accomplice (_ie_ ,
Aziz) was being relied upon to implicate the Applicant in the offence (which
is a common occurrence). Instead, the serious doubts were engendered by the
cumulative effect of the lack of objective real evidence implicating the
Applicant coupled with the many questions, contradictions, and blemishes
present in the evidence that was placed before me (see the earlier discussion
at [33]–[41] above).

**_Whether the matter should be remitted to the Subordinate Courts or
stayed_**

63 The next issue would be the appropriate course of action to be taken.
Specifically, the question was whether the prosecution of the Applicant in
respect of the incident of 12 August 1992 should be stayed or whether the
matter should be remitted back to the Subordinate Courts for a re-trial. Mr
Vergis invited me to stay further prosecution, relying on the decision in _PP
v Saroop Singh_ [1999] 1 SLR 793. In that case, the court, following English,
Australian and Privy Council authorities, stayed further criminal proceedings
because of the prejudicial effect occasioned by the lapse of time between the
date of the alleged offence (which occurred in 1981) and the date of the
Prosecution’s appeal against the accused’s acquittal of that offence (which
appeal was heard in 1998). I note, however, that the court in that case did
not consider whether Art 35(8) of the Constitution of the Republic of
Singapore (1999 Rev Ed) (“the Constitution”), under which “[t]he Attorney-
General … [has] power, exercisable at his discretion, to institute, conduct or
discontinue any proceedings for any offence”, precluded such an approach.
There is no similar provision in England or the other jurisdictions from which
the authorities cited in _PP v Saroop Singh_ emanated from. It can be said,
with some force, that the Constitution, by expressly conferring absolute
prosecutorial discretion on the Attorney-General, does not contemplate any
judicial oversight over the exercise of such discretion. This is a matter of
such fundamental constitutional importance that I prefer to leave it open for
further argument and consideration at a more appropriate juncture, given that
the Prosecution, in responding to Mr Vergis, failed to even raise this as a
relevant legal consideration in the present proceedings.

64 While I appreciate that there are real difficulties standing in the way of
the presentation of the Applicant’s defence after the lapse of time in the
present case, these are also difficulties which now stand squarely in the way
of the Prosecution, which bears the burden of proving the Applicant’s guilt
beyond a reasonable doubt. While, quite possibly, the Applicant’s position may
have been prejudiced by the delay, the fact remains that there is a strong
public interest in prosecuting all drug offences regardless of the lapse of
time. In the final analysis, I am not satisfied that the delay in the present
case will cause irreversible or irremediable prejudice to the Applicant if a
re-trial were to take place. Indeed, it is also in his interest, if he is
truly innocent, to have this Damocles’ sword that has been hanging over him
all these years permanently sheathed. I am confident that the judge hearing
the matter will give serious and anxious consideration to the issues of delay
and prejudice in determining whether the Prosecution can establish the
ingredients of the offence by relying primarily on the uncorroborated evidence
of Aziz.

65 The prejudicial effect that the delay in this case will have on the
reliability of the oral testimony, as opposed to the objective evidence,
placed before the trial court cannot be downplayed. I can do no better than
reproduce the incisive remarks of Lord Salmon in _Birkett v James_ [1978] AC
297 at 327, as follows:

_When cases (as they often do) depend predominantly on the recollection of
witnesses delay can often be most prejudicial to defendants and to plaintiffs
also. Witnesses’ recollections grow dim with the passage of time and the
evidence of honest men differs sharply on the relevant facts._ ** _In some
cases it is sometimes impossible for justice to be done because of the extreme
difficulty in deciding which version of the facts is to be preferred_** __ …
[emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

In a similar vein, Lord Hailsham of St Marylebone LC in _Regina v Lawrence
(Stephen)_ [1982] AC 510 observed (at 517):

_[I]t is a truism to say that justice delayed is justice denied. But it is not
merely the anxiety and uncertainty in the life of the accused, whether on bail
or remand, which are affected._  _Where there is delay the whole quality of
justice deteriorates. Our system depends on the recollection of witnesses,
conveyed to a jury by oral testimony. As the months pass, this recollection
necessarily dims, and juries who are correctly directed not to convict unless
they are assured of the reliability of the evidence for the prosecution,
necessarily tend to acquit as this becomes less precise, and sometimes less
reliable._ This may also affect defence witnesses on the opposite side.
[emphasis added]

The lack of reliability of oral testimony as time passes is one of the
principal considerations underpinning the formulation of limitation periods in
civil claims. As correctly noted in the Law Reform Committee, Singapore
Academy of Law, _Report on the Review of the Limitation Act (Cap 163)_
(February 2007) at para 41 (Chairman: Charles Lim Aeng Cheng):

Policy arguments [underlying laws on limitation periods] fall into three main
types. The first relates to the position of the defendant. It is said to be
unfair that a defendant should have a claim hanging over him for an indefinite
period and it is in this context that such enactments are sometimes described
as “statutes of peace” _. The second looks at the matter from a more objective
point of view. It suggests that a time-limit is necessary because with the
lapse of time, proof of a claim becomes more difficult – documentary evidence
is likely to have been destroyed and memories of witnesses faded._ The third
relates to the conduct of the plaintiff, it being thought right that a person
who does not promptly act to enforce his rights should lose them. [emphasis
added]

The wider public interests dictate that limitation periods currently have no
place in the criminal justice system in Singapore. Despite unavoidable delays,
matters can often be prosecuted because of the availability of objective
and/or corroborative evidence. Unfortunately, there are also, from time to
time, matters in respect of which the Prosecution can only rely on the oral
testimony of a single witness whose evidence cannot be objectively calibrated.
In the latter scenario, there is no gainsaying that there is an iron rule that
the greater the delay, regardless of how it has been occasioned, the less
reliable the witness’s oral testimony will be; hence, my emphasis on not just
the desirability, but also the pressing need for objective evidence in cases
such as the present.

Conclusion

66 In the result, I directed that the conviction of the Applicant by the
District Court on 26 November 2007 be set aside and that he be re-tried in the
Subordinate Courts on the same charge (_ie_ , the Amended Charge).

67 Having considered the Prosecution’s explanation for the lengthy period
taken to proceed with the prosecution of the Applicant in respect of the
incident on 12 August 1992, I accept without qualification that there has been
no undue delay on the Prosecution’s part. What concerns me about this case,
nevertheless, is that although the Prosecution now claims that it acceded in
1992 to granting the Applicant a discharge not amounting to an acquittal on
the basis that “CNB was confident that it would secure incriminating evidence
against the [Applicant]”[note: 12], there was absolutely no evidence before me
as to what steps were taken at that point in time to secure objective evidence
of the Applicant’s guilt or, just as importantly, proof of absence of the
evidence just described. I reiterate that despite my invitation to file an
affidavit setting out all the relevant circumstances of what had transpired,
the Prosecution declined to file any affidavit, let alone fully explain what
had been done in 1992 to thoroughly investigate the offence.

68 The Prosecution also stated that to charge only Aziz but not the Applicant
in the present matter would have been a “purely arbitrary decision”[note: 13].
That is one way of approaching and assessing the matter. On the other hand, it
could perhaps also be fairly said that to charge both men without properly
sifting through the evidence was merely a mechanical decision on the part of
the Prosecution. The trauma that the initiation of a prosecution will cause to
an accused and those close to him is palpably real and often severe. While
this may not create legitimate concerns _vis-à-vis_ the factually guilty, it
does raise serious issues and considerations apropos those who may be
innocent, and all the more so if a prosecution is launched 15 years after an
alleged offence, when the likelihood of the Defence securing relevant evidence
would have all but vanished. The Prosecution asserts that its decision to
prosecute both Aziz and the Applicant was “just and correct”[note: 14]. My
short response to this, on the basis of the submissions before me, is that the
apparent omission on the investigating authorities’ part to secure as much
relevant objective evidence as possible in 1992 cannot make the decision to
prosecute the Applicant in 2007 “just and correct”. Given also the lapse of
time, I reiterate that the Applicant has been quite palpably disadvantaged in
procuring evidence that might support his version of the material events.

69 One final point: the same unbending rules on evidence apply to both the
Prosecution and the Defence alike in all criminal revision proceedings. When
either party intends to rely on additional facts in criminal revision
proceedings, that party must file affidavits attesting to those facts. I found
it quite surprising that, in the instant case, the Prosecution seemed to view
this obligation as dispensable or perhaps even inapplicable to it. Given the
urgency in resolving the Applicant’s status, I did not press this issue during
the hearing. I cannot, however, in fairness to the Applicant, let this issue
pass without further comment. Having invited the Prosecution to file an
affidavit to attest to the relevant circumstances, I remain puzzled as to why
it declined to accept the invitation and instead sought to rely solely on
facts alleged in its written submissions for the present application. When,
therefore, the re-trial takes place in the Subordinate Courts, I have to
assume that the Prosecution will rely on the same facts. This would serve to
ensure that the Applicant is not unduly disadvantaged at the re-trial by the
omission of the Prosecution to file any affidavit in the present proceedings.

  

* * *

[note: 1]See para 2 of the statement of facts dated 26 November 2007.

[note: 2]See the charge dated 12 August 1992.

[note: 3]See para 8 of the mitigation plea dated 15 November 2007 by Aziz’s
counsel.

[note: 4]See para 11 of the mitigation plea dated 15 November 2007 by Aziz’s
counsel.

[note: 5]See para 3 of the Prosecution’s written submissions dated 24 March
2008.

[note: 6]_Ibid_.

[note: 7]See para 104 of the Defence’s written submissions dated 25 March
2008.

[note: 8]See para 103 of the Defence’s written submissions dated 25 March
2008.

[note: 9]See para 21 of the Prosecution’s written submissions dated 24 March
2008.

[note: 10]See para 78 of the Prosecution’s written submissions dated 24 March
2008.

[note: 11]_Supra_ n 9.

[note: 12]See para 28 of the Prosecution’s written submissions dated 24 March
2008.

[note: 13]See para 37 of the Prosecution’s written submissions dated 24 March
2008.

[note: 14]See para 45 of the Prosecution’s written submissions dated 24 March
2008.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 11 Apr 2008 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

