Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Ng Giap Hon v Westcomb Securities Pte Ltd and Others  
[2008] SGHC 101

Case Number | : | Suit 193/2007  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 26 June 2008  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Choo Han Teck J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Ragbir Singh Bajwa (instructed) and Kelvin Lee Ming Hui (Lee Shergill Partnership) for the plaintiff; David Chan Ming Onn and Georgina Lum Baoling (Shook Lin & Bok) for the defendants   
Parties | : |  Ng Giap Hon — Westcomb Securities Pte Ltd; Westcomb Financial Group Ltd; Westcomb Capital Pte Ltd; Choo Chee Kong; Tan Kah Koon   
  
Contract  
  
Tort  
  

26 June 2008 |  Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Choo Han Teck J:

1 The plaintiff was a licensed remisier and was an agent of the first
defendant, a stock broking company. The latter held a “Capital Market
Services” licence issued by the Monetary Authority of Singapore. This licences
the company to deal in securities and also provide custodial services for
securities. The second defendant was the holding company of the first and
third defendants. The third defendant was a company that provided advisory
services in respect of corporate finance. It also held a Capital Market
Services licence. The fourth defendant was the Chief Executive Officer of the
second defendant. The fifth defendant was a director of the first defendant
(from 21 June 2004). The plaintiff was an agent of the first defendant insofar
as he had signed an agency agreement with it. That agreement, dated 3 May 2005
(“the agency agreement”), was the basis of the plaintiff’s claim for damages
for breach of contract in this action. His claim against the second to fifth
defendants was based on the tort of conspiracy in wrongfully causing the first
defendant to breach its contract with the plaintiff. The claim concerned two
parties that the plaintiff claimed were his clients and the placement shares
those two clients obtained. The plaintiff claimed that he was entitled to
commission in respect of the placement shares issued to them. The clients in
question were Julian Lionel Sandt (“Sandt”), an individual client, and
Aktieninvestor.com Ag (“Aktien”), a German fund. Sandt was the Chief Executive
Officer of Orchid Capital Limited (“Orchid Capital”). About 15 March 2006
Sandt, on behalf of a subsidiary of Orchid Capital, namely, Orchid Emarb
Limited, opened a trading account with the first defendant through the
plaintiff.. Aktien opened an account with the first defendant. The first
defendant averred that this was not done through the plaintiff, a claim that
the plaintiff disputed.

2 The subject matter of the plaintiff’s claim was the commissions due in
respect of the placement shares in Initial Public Offerings (“IPO”) that were
allocated to Sandt and Aktien. The IPOs concerned were chiefly, Natural Cool
Holdings Ltd (“Natural Coo”) and Sweiber Holdings Ltd (“Sweiber”). Sandt
subscribed for 1,500,000 shares in Natural Cool at $0.20 a share, and 750,000
shares in Sweiber at $0.355 a share. The plaintiff claimed that he was
entitled to commissions on those placements by virtue of the agency agreement.
Clause 6 of the agreement that the plaintiff relied on provided as follows:

The [first defendant] shall pay [the plaintiff] a commission of 40% of the
commission charged by [the first defendant] to clients on transactions that
are dealt by or through the [plaintiff] in the name of the [first defendant]
during the period twelve months from the date of the commencement of this
Agreement. Thereafter, the commission rate will be adjusted to 50% of the
commission charged by the [first defendant] to clients on transactions that
are dealt by or through the [plaintiff] in the name of the [first defendant].

Aktien subscribed to Natural Cool and Sweiber shares through the second
defendant. The plaintiff claimed that Aktien ought to have been his client
because the account opening form was sent by him to Aktien but the fifth
defendant intervened without the plaintiff’s knowledge, and told Aktien to
submit the account opening form through the second defendant.

3 The plaintiff claimed that he was the person to have formally asked Aktien
to open a client account with him in the first defendant company. I find that
that was probably so, but it was not a fact of significance for the reasons I
will elaborate on shortly. I also accept that the account was eventually
opened through the second defendant instead. The account was opened at the
first defendant with the second defendant as the remisier and there was no
evidence before me that Aktien would not have agreed to this. The fact that
the second defendant became the agent in such circumstances alone does not
give the plaintiff a cause of action in the tort of conspiracy in respect of
the IPO shares. It may have entitled the plaintiff to commission in respect of
securities that Aktien traded through the second defendant which, if not for
the intervention of the second defendant, would have been done through the
plaintiff. The plaintiff’s claim for commission was in respect of the IPOs
which were not deals done through the plaintiff or would have been done
through the plaintiff. I accept the defendants’ evidence that the IPO shares
were not transacted through the plaintiff (the first defendant was the
placement agent), and more importantly, no commission was charged by the first
defendant on those shares. It was the first defendant’s prerogative not to
charge commission, and if it did not do so, the plaintiff would be unable to
invoke clause 6 because under clause 6, the plaintiff’s entitlement would be
40% (or 50% as the case may be) of the commission charged by the first
defendant. I accept the defendants’ evidence that the allocation of IPO shares
was a matter of goodwill and that the trading company often allocates them to
favoured clients waiving any commission.

4 Counsel for the plaintiff submitted that the court should imply a term of
“good faith” into the contract. The claim based on implied terms fails because
clause 18 of the agency agreement expressly provided that the agreement
embodied the entire agreement between the parties. Furthermore, the
application of “good faith” in the present case would also have failed on
account of a lack of particularization in respect of what the duties entailed,
and how they were breached. The plaintiff testified at great length as to how
he came to know Sandt and Aktien. He recalled his conversations with Sandt
(including the ones he had recorded on a tape-recorder without Sandt’s
knowledge) and the subsequent instance of his taking Sandt and one of the
associates on a tour of the first defendant’s office. The taped conversations
were played out at trial and it was clear that the plaintiff was harassing
Sandt into admitting that he had recommended Aktien to the plaintiff. Sandt
testified and denied that he only knew the plaintiff and no one else in any of
the defendant companies. He said he had known the fifth defendant for a longer
period whereas he met the plaintiff at a bar when the plaintiff went up to
introduce himself when Sandt was having a drink. In the taped conversations he
was trying to placate an obviously upset and angry plaintiff, and hoping that
the matter would not end up in court. In my view, even if Sandt and Aktien
were clients of the plaintiff for the purposes of the trading of securities,
there is no evidence to persuade me that the trading company was obliged to
charge commission in respect of IPO shares. In the absence of this obligation
to charge commission; no duty can be implied, and without a duty, the
plaintiff has no cause to claim a breach. The plaintiff alleged that there was
an implied term on account of “customary practice” that he be paid a
commission of 1% of the value of the placement. There was no reliable evidence
of such a practice.

5 The evidence at trial showed that the second, third, fourth and fifth
defendants had no substantial connection with the plaintiff’s claim save for
the allegation that the fifth defendant had asked Aktien to open its trading
account in the first defendant by sending the form through the second
defendant. There was no evidence of any concerted plan of action by the
defendants and the plaintiff’s cause of action based on a conspiracy cannot be
substantiated. The plaintiff’s evidence-in-chief referred to some
surreptitious actions on the part of the first defendant as a company but he
failed to persuade me that the defendants had acted in furtherance of a
coherent plan. I am of the view that the plaintiff’s causes of action as
pleaded had not been proved. In coming to my finding that the plaintiff had no
cause of action and did not prove his claim, I need not rely on the evidence
concerning Raymond Low. The defendants referred to documentary exchanges with
the Stock Exchange of Singapore in which the second defendant claimed that it
was this person from a company known as Trondheim Consulting who introduced
Aktien to the second defendant. Raymond Low was not called as a witness by
either side. Neither did I require the evidence concerning one Thomas Roggla
who was the chairman of a supervisory board of Aktien, but had no direct
involvement in Aktien’s commercial decisions. Sandt testified that he only
knew Roggla superficially, and had conveyed messages to Roggla on behalf of
Raymond Low only because he was familiar with the German language. Finally, I
am of the view that there was no necessity in this case for expert evidence to
be called. Since the parties called an expert each, I need only say that
between the two, I am more inclined to the evidence of Ng Eng Tiong (“Ng”),
the expert for the defendants, than to Ho Kwok Hoong (“Ho”) for the plaintiff
because Ng’s evidence appeared more closely in line with the law. Essentially,
he agreed that the trading company cannot avoid paying commission, but
commissions are contractual entitlements. Ho seemed to me unsure as to what
basis he had for declaring that in respect of IPO placements, 1% was the
minimum commission charged.

6 In the circumstances, in view of my finding that there was no breach of
contract, the plaintiff’s claim based on quantum meruit must also fail.
Quantum meruit cannot be made as a back-up in the event that the court finds
no breach of contract. A person is not entitled to be paid for work freely
given unless the circumstances show that payment was envisaged even though the
amount was not made clear; otherwise, as in this case, any work freely given
is free. The plaintiff’s claim on quantum meruit was poorly made out in
pleading, evidence, and counsel’s closing submission, and I should say no more
lest more is said in this paragraph on it than had been in the course of the
entire action.

7 For the reasons above, the plaintiff’s claim is dismissed with costs to be
taxed if not agreed.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 26 Jun 2008 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

