Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Lian Kok Hong v Ow Wah Foong and Another  
[2008] SGCA 30

Case Number | : | CA 123/2007  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 10 July 2008  
Tribunal/Court | : | Court of Appeal  
Coram | : |  Chan Sek Keong CJ; Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA; V K Rajah JA   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Oommen Mathew (Haq & Selvam) and Prabhakaran Nair (Ong, Tan & Nair) for the appellant; Andrew Tan and Anna Png (Andrew Tan Tiong Gee & Co) for the respondents   
Parties | : |  Lian Kok Hong — Ow Wah Foong; Ow-Tsai Ay Giok   
  
Limitation of Actions – When time begins to run – Action in contract and tort
against architects for wrongfully issuing termination certificate – Whether
time began to run from date of accrual of cause of action or date house owner
had knowledge of architects' negligence in issuing termination certificate –
Sections 6, 24A(3) Limitation Act (Cap 163, 1996 Rev Ed)  
  

10 July 2008 |   
---|---  
  
V K Rajah JA (delivering the grounds of decision of the court):

**Introduction**

1 This appeal raised interesting issues about the commencement of the
limitation period in relation to a claim for breach of contract that
purportedly resulted in latent damage. This in turn necessarily posed the
questions: What is latent damage? When does the limitation period for actions
associated with such damage (if accepted as constituting a distinct type of
damage) commence? In addition, these proceedings also featured the very real
conundrum of how best a claimant ought to protect itself in a multi-party
contractual matrix if there is a difference in views in relation to which
party it might successfully recover damages from.

2 It would perhaps be apposite to preface these grounds of decision by
reproducing the incisive observations of Lord Scott of Foscote in _Haward v
Fawcetts_ [2006] 1 WLR 682 (“ _Haward_ ”) at [32]:

[I]n prescribing the conditions for the barring of an action on account of the
lapse of time before its commencement, Parliament has had to strike a balance
between the interests of claimants and the interests of defendants. It is a
hardship, and in a sense an injustice, to a claimant with a good cause of
action for damages to which, let it be assumed, there is no defence on the
merits to be barred from prosecuting the cause of action on account simply of
the lapse of time since the occurrence of the injury for which redress is
sought. But it is also a hardship to a defendant to have a cause of action
hanging over him, like the sword of Damocles, for an indefinite period. Lapse
of time may lead to the loss of vital evidence; it is very likely to lead to a
blurring of the memories of witnesses and to the litigation becoming even more
of a lottery than would anyway be the case; and uncertainty as to whether an
action will or will not be prosecuted may make a sensible and rational
arrangement by the defendant of his affairs very difficult and sometimes
impossible. Each of the various statutes of limitation that over the years
Parliament has enacted, starting with the Limitation Act 1623 and coming down
to the 1980 Act, represents Parliament’s attempt to strike a balance between
these irreconcilable interests, both legitimate. It is the task of the
judiciary to identify from the statutory language and the purpose of each
amending enactment the balance that that enactment has endeavoured to strike
and to apply the enactment accordingly. _It is emphatically not the function
of the judges to try to strike their own balance, whether as a response to the
apparent merits of a particular case or otherwise_. In _A’Court v Cross_
(1825) 3 Bing 329 Best CJ, commenting on the 1623 Act, said at p 331, that he
was “sorry to be obliged to admit that the courts of justice [had] been
deservedly censured for their vacillating decisions” and went on:

“When by distinctions and refinements, which, Lord Mansfield says, the common
sense of mankind cannot keep face with, any branch of the law is brought into
a state of uncertainty, the evil is only to be remedied by going back to the
statute ...”

[emphasis added]

Judges would do well to heed this salutary reminder when they have to assess
the competing tensions between justice and certainty and finality invariably
present in cases where statutory limitation defences are raised.

3 This was an appeal against the decision of the High Court Judge (“the
Judge”) who dismissed the appellant’s claims in contract and negligence
against the respondents on the preliminary issue that such claims were time-
barred under s 24A(3)(_b_) of the Limitation Act (Cap 163, 1996 Rev Ed). The
Judge’s decision is reported as _Lian Kok Hong v Ow Wah Foong_ [2007] 4 SLR
742 (“the Judgment”). After hearing counsel, we dismissed the appeal. We now
set out our detailed reasons for having so decided.

4 At the outset, it should perhaps also be mentioned that an application by
the respondents to have the appellant’s amended writ of summons and statement
of claim struck out (on the basis that the actions contained therein were
time-barred) had been initially allowed by an assistant registrar.
Surprisingly, that decision was subsequently reversed by a different High
Court judge on the basis that the appellant’s level and degree of knowledge
could only be ascertained after a full trial. For reasons that follow, we
unhesitatingly came to the view that the present action ought to have ended
with the assistant registrar’s decision. The Judge, quite correctly, decided
to resolve the time-bar issue before a full trial thus indirectly affirming
the position taken earlier by the assistant registrar. We now set out the
material facts.

**The facts**

**_Events prior to the present proceedings against the respondents_**

5 The appellant had engaged Sin Kian Contractors (“the Contractor”) to build a
house for him (“the Project”) on the terms of a contract dated 29 August 1997
(“the Contract”). On 3 March 1999, the appellant complained of various defects
and asked the Contractor to rectify them. The Contractor refused to carry out
the requisite rectification works, whereupon the appellant called for a
meeting with his consultants, including the respondents, who were his
architects for the Project. As a result of this meeting, the appellant
indicated to the respondents that he had decided to terminate the Contractor
as the main contractor for the building project. The respondents then issued a
termination certificate dated 17 March 1999 (“the Termination Certificate”) to
the Contractor, certifying that the appellant was entitled to terminate the
Contractor’s employment on the grounds stated in paras (d), (e) and (h) of cl
32(3) of the Contract. Following this, the appellant terminated the
Contractor’s employment by way of a letter dated 19 March 1999 (“the Notice of
Termination”).

6 By a letter dated 22 March 1999, the Contractor disputed the validity of the
Termination Certificate issued by the respondents as well as the Notice of
Termination written by the appellant. The Contractor concurrently notified the
appellant of its intention to initiate arbitration proceedings. The
respondents conferred with the appellant on 23 April 1999, affirming that the
Termination Certificate was properly issued. However, the respondents went on
to inject a note of caution that the Termination Certificate might be
challenged on the ground that it did not comply with cll 32(3)(d), (e) and (h)
of the Contract. The matter proceeded to arbitration, where the arbitrator
ultimately ruled against the appellant, making an interim award on 7 April
2003 and issuing the final award on 21 July 2006. _The arbitrator found that
the Termination Certificate was procedurally incorrect and in breach of cll
32(3)(e) and 32(3)(h) of the Contract_.

**_Present proceedings against the respondents_**

7 The appellant commenced the present proceedings against the respondents by
filing a writ of summons on 17 March 2006. According to the amended writ of
summons and statement of claim filed on 21 March 2006 (“the Amended Statement
of Claim”), the appellant alleged (at para 7) that the respondents were
“guilty of a breach of [their] contract of employment and the … terms,
conditions, and warranties thereof and were guilty of negligence in the
performance of their … services”. In greater detail, the Amended Statement of
Claim[note: 1] (at para 7) particularised the alleged breaches in contract and
negligence on the part of the respondents as follows:

(a) They failed to exercise closer supervision and more frequent inspection of
the finishing works at the [Project] in the course of such work given that
there was no architectural clerk-of-works employed to be full time on site to
ensure that the standard was maintained for all architectural work including
the tiling works. As a result, unsatisfactory and unacceptable work carried
out by the Contractors was not addressed earlier in the course of the works;

(b) They certified that the wall and ceiling finishes were 96.8% completed and
the floor finishes 98.15% [completed] as at the end of December 1998 without
taking into consideration the quality of tiling works carried out by the
Contractors. They should not certify payment for such work based only on
physical completion of such work. If work has not been properly done and
carried out, they should not have certified payment for such work.

(c) They issued the Termination Certificate against the said Contractors
without exercising due care and diligence to ensure that there were valid
grounds to do [so]. They insisted

(i) that the Contractors submit a defects rectification schedule when in fact
it was not necessary for the Contractors to do so since the [respondents] had
issued an extension of time to the Contractors to complete all work including
rectification works by 28 April 1999;

(ii) on an unreasonable standard of tiling work of the Contractors without
taking into consideration industrial standards for such work. The
[respondents] are therefore not justified in issuing the said Termination
Certificate based on this ground; and

(iii) that the Contractors were in breach of contract for failing to comply
with the [respondents’] direction or instruction despite being given the
requisite one month’s written notice to do so. The [respondents] wrongfully
insisted that the Contractors submit a schedule of rectification works within
one (1) month of 5 February 1999 and when the latter failed to do so, the
[respondents] wrongly justified issuing the Termination Certificate on this
ground. This is also notwithstanding that the [respondents] had given the
extension of time stated in (i) above.

(d) They issued the said Termination Certificate without exercising due care
and diligence to ensure the requisite procedural requirements in particular
the requisite notices under clause[s] 32(3)(e) and (h) of [the Contract], have
been complied with.

8 As mentioned earlier, the respondents applied to strike out the appellant’s
claim on the basis that the present proceedings were time-barred. Against this
backdrop, the appellant, while conceding the time bar under s 6 of the
Limitation Act, attempted to bring his case under s 24A(3)(_b_) of the Act.
Pursuant to s 24A(3)(_b_), time does not run until the date at which the
plaintiff knows or ought reasonably to know that he has a cause of action
(“the date of discoverability”). An action is time-barred under this
particular section only if it is commenced three years after the date when
such requisite knowledge was first acquired. The appellant argued that, by
virtue of this section, time did not run against the appellant until he had
knowledge that the respondents were negligent in issuing the Termination
Certificate, and that knowledge became certain only when the arbitrator issued
his interim award on 7 April 2003 (as the Judge put it at [5] of the
Judgment). Thus, the present proceeding, having been commenced on 17 March
2006, was just within the three-year limitation period prescribed by the
Limitation Act.

**_The Judge’s decision_**

9 The trial before the Judge closed with the cross-examination of the
appellant’s first witness in the first half of Day 1 (12 September 2007). The
Judge thereafter on 13 September 2007 heard submissions in chambers from both
counsel on the issue of the time bar.

10 The Judge decided that time began to run when the Contractor notified the
appellant that it was challenging the Notice of Termination on the ground that
the Termination Certificate was invalid. According to the Judge, the act of
being sued by the Contractor on account of the Termination Certificate was a
detriment that counted as damage to found a cause of action against the
respondents (see the Judgment at [8]). Ultimately, the Judge held that this
was not a latent damage case at all; this was a case in which the appellant
had knowledge that the respondents had put him at risk, and instead of taking
the appropriate action to ensure that the respondents indemnify him in the
event that he was found liable, the appellant chose to accept the respondents’
assertion that the Termination Certificate was valid. The appellant was not
entitled to wait for the arbitrator to find that the Termination Certificate
was invalid before commencing an action against the respondents (see the
Judgment at [9]).

**The statutory regime**

11 From the foregoing discussion, it is evident that two sections have played
a prominent role in the present appeal. These sections, _viz_ , ss 6 and
24A(3) of the Limitation Act, are now set out for ease of reference:

**Limitation of actions of contract and tort and certain other actions.**

**6.** —(1) Subject to this Act, the following actions shall not be brought
after the expiration of 6 years from the date on which the cause of action
accrued:

(_a_) actions founded on a contract or on tort;

…

**Time limits for negligence, nuisance and breach of duty actions in respect
of latent injuries and damage.**

**24A.** —(1) This section shall apply to any action for damages for
negligence, nuisance or breach of duty (whether the duty exists by virtue of a
contract or of a provision made by or under any written law or independently
of any contract or any such provision).

(2) An action to which this section applies, where the damages claimed consist
of or include damages in respect of personal injuries to the plaintiff or any
other person, shall not be brought after the expiration of —

(_a_) 3 years from the date on which the cause of action accrued; or

(_b_) 3 years from the earliest date on which the plaintiff has the knowledge
required for bringing an action for damages in respect of the relevant injury,
if that period expires later than the period mentioned in paragraph (_a_).

(3) An action to which this section applies, other than one referred to in
subsection (2), shall not be brought after the expiration of the period of —

(_a_) 6 years from the date on which the cause of action accrued; or

(_b_) 3 years from the earliest date on which the plaintiff or any person in
whom the cause of action was vested before him first had both the knowledge
required for bringing an action for damages in respect of the relevant damage
and a right to bring such an action, if that period expires later than the
period mentioned in paragraph (_a_).

(4) In subsections (2) and (3), the knowledge required for bringing an action
for damages in respect of the relevant injury or damage (as the case may be)
means knowledge —

(_a_) that the injury or damage was attributable in whole or in part to the
act or omission which is alleged to constitute negligence, nuisance or breach
of duty;

(_b_) of the identity of the defendant;

(_c_) if it is alleged that the act or omission was that of a person other
than the defendant, of the identity of that person and the additional facts
supporting the bringing of an action against the defendant; and

(_d_) of material facts about the injury or damage which would lead a
reasonable person who had suffered such injury or damage to consider it
sufficiently serious to justify his instituting proceedings for damages
against a defendant who did not dispute liability and was able to satisfy a
judgment.

(5) Knowledge that any act or omission did or did not, as a matter of law,
involve negligence, nuisance or breach of duty is irrelevant for the purposes
of subsections (2) and (3).

(6) For the purposes of this section, a person’s knowledge includes knowledge
which he might reasonably have been expected to acquire —

(_a_) from facts observable or ascertainable by him; or

(_b_) from facts ascertainable by him with the help of appropriate expert
advice which it is reasonable for him to seek.

(7) A person shall not be taken by virtue of sub-section (6) to have knowledge
of a fact ascertainable only with the help of expert advice so long as he has
taken all reasonable steps to obtain (and, where appropriate, to act on) that
advice.

12 Before applying the law to the facts of the case, two preliminary legal
issues deserve elaboration. The two legal issues are: (a) the relationship
between s 6(1)(_a_) and s 24A(3) of the Limitation Act; and (b) the
applicability of s 24A(3) to latent damage. We now consider each issue in
turn.

**_The relationship between section 6(1)(_ a _) and section 24A(3) of the
Limitation Act_**

13 A threshold issue which arose in the proceedings below was the
applicability of s 6(1)(_a_) of the Limitation Act. It appeared that all
parties concerned accepted that s 6(1)(_a_) operated on a parallel basis with
s 24A. In fact, the appellant’s former solicitor conceded that s 6(1)(_a_)
applied to bar his action in the present proceedings. It is not difficult to
understand why this concession was made. As the Law Reform Committee,
Singapore Academy of Law, has noted in _Report of the Law Reform Committee on
the Review of the Limitation Act (Cap 163)_ (February 2007) (Chairman: Charles
Lim Aeng Cheng) (“the LRC Report”) at para 140:

An “action for damages for negligence, nuisance or breach of duty”, to which
the special limitation regime under s 24A applies, is also at the same time an
“[action] founded on a contract or on tort”, to which s 6(1)(a) applies. … In
such an action (that is, one for damages for negligence, nuisance or breach of
duty [which can arise from contract and this is different from the English
regime]), does one provision apply to the exclusion of the other …?

It appears that the parties in the present case have accepted without question
that the two provisions in fact exist and apply concurrently.

14 In our view, however, the statutory regime of the Limitation Act clearly
provides that s 24A operates subject to s 6(1)(_a_) in respect of actions for
damages for negligence, nuisance or breach of duty, save as expressly
provided. Section 6(1) states that the time limits in that section are
“subject to this Act”. Moreover, s 24A is in Pt III of the Limitation Act and
s 5 makes it clear that the time limits of Pt II of the Act (which s 6 is in)
have effect subject to Pt III:

**Part II to be subject to Part III.**

**5.** The provisions of this Part shall have effect subject to the provisions
of Part III.

The true position, as implicitly suggested by the LRC Report at para 147, is
that under the Limitation Act, an action for damages for negligence, nuisance
or breach of duty is _subject_ to s 24A. In other words, s 24A carves out
certain exceptions to s 6(1)(_a_) and, as such, the two cannot apply
concurrently.

15 For present purposes, the effect of the appellant’s former solicitor’s
concession that s 6(1)(_a_) applied is more academic than real since s
24A(3)(_a_) coincides with s 6(1)(_a_) and so the effect of the latter section
is the same as that of the former. Thus, the appellant’s concession is still
relevant to the extent that the appellant’s actions are _prima facie_ time-
barred under s 24A(3)(_a_).

**_The applicability of section 24A(3) to latent damage_**

16 A second legal issue in relation to the Limitation Act concerns the
applicability of s 24A(3) to latent damage. The appellant contended that s
24A(3) applied to damage other than latent damage, but the respondent argued
that it applied only to latent damage. However, is this the true position to
be taken of s 24A(3)? Can it conceivably also apply to damage which is not
latent in nature? To answer these questions, we have to ask a further
question: What is “latent” damage? If we do not know what “latent” damage is,
then how do we know whether s 24A applies to such damage? To this, counsel for
the respondent stated before the Judge that this is damage which is hidden.
But this response only begs the further questions: _When_ is damage “hidden”?
From what perspective is one to assess whether damage is hidden? Indeed, the
word “hidden” is but another way to express “latent” and this, in reality,
adds no content to its substantive meaning at all.

17 In our view, “latent” damage can only be defined by reference to the terms
of s 24A of the Limitation Act itself. _Prima facie_ , s 24A(3) does not
merely apply only to either latent or non-latent damage; it potentially
applies to both. Let us further elaborate on this proposition. First, the
confusing aspect of s 24A is actually its caption: “Time limits for
negligence, nuisance and breach of duty actions in respect of _latent injuries
and damage_ ” [emphasis added]. However, once one acknowledges that this
heading does not actually assist in determining when damage is latent or
patent, it must be the case that it ought to be the content of s 24A itself
that must determine whether damage is latent or patent. The tail cannot be
allowed to wag the dog. Indeed, it is pertinent to note that the LRC Report
([13] _supra_) recommends (at para 153) deleting the words “in respect of
latent injuries and damage” from the heading.

18 Following from the above, we think that damage is only patent when the date
of accrual coincides with the date of discoverability. This is because when
the date of accrual (that is, the time when damage is suffered) coincides with
the date of discoverability, there is no question of the damage being hidden
(or latent), as the plaintiff is in a position to commence an action as soon
as the damage accrues. Damage is latent when its discoverability occurs or can
only occur at a date _later than_ the date of accrual. This reasoning is,
_inter alia_ , supported by the caption to s 14A of the UK Limitation Act 1980
(c 58) (“the UK Act”) as amended by the Latent Damage Act 1986 (c 37) (UK).
Our s 24A is derived substantially from s 14A and the caption to s 14A reads:
“Special time limit for negligence actions _where facts relevant to cause of
action are not known at date of accrual_ ”. Since the entirety of the sections
introduced by the Latent Damage Act is to deal with latent damage, and s 14A
deals with the applicable time limit, it must follow that a latent damage is
one which surfaces _after_ the date it occurs.

19 Thus, on further reflection, it can be said that it is rather meaningless
to ask whether s 24A(3) of the Limitation Act _per se_ applies only to patent
or latent damage. The truth is that s 24A(3) is a statutory construct
engineered to answer this very question. To answer this question, both ss
24A(3)(_a_) and 24A(3)(_b_) must be considered and applied. If the dates in
both sections do not coincide, the damage in question is latent damage. The
enquiry thus does not proceed with a determination of whether a damage is
latent or patent _followed by_ efforts to fit it into either s 24A(3)(_a_) or
s 24A(3)(_b_). In any event, on the analysis above, such an enquiry is
impossible because one does not know whether damage is latent or patent until
one puts it through the statutory crucible under s 24A(3). Indeed, the LRC
Report notes at para 151 that the plain words of s 24A(1) indicate that its
scope of application goes beyond latent damage. Moreover, ss 24A(2)(_a_) and
24A(3)(_a_) would be rendered quite meaningless if s 24A were purely confined
to latent damage cases. These subsections will then never bite because all
latent damage cases would then theoretically fall to be considered under ss
24A(2)(_b_) and 24A(3)(_b_) respectively. Thus, the issue earlier posed of
whether s 24A(3) applies only to latent or patent damage was really a red
herring that failed to address the crux of the matter. Broadly speaking, it
should be acknowledged that s 24A(3) applies to _both_ latent and non-latent
damage, notwithstanding its quite confusing and apparently contradictory
caption.

20 In summary, as we mentioned earlier (at [14]), s 24A carves out the
exceptions to s 6(_a_). Sections 24A(4) to 24A(7) specify the kind of
knowledge that a claimant must lack if he asserts that his claim does not fall
within s 24A(3). Section 24B provides an overriding period of 15 years in
respect of any action falling under s 24A. In other words, the excluded
actions are those which the claimant could have discovered by applying the
criteria in ss 24A(4) to 24(7). Section 24A(3) applies to cases of all types
of injuries and damage (save for personal injuries which are covered by s
24A(2), and these expressions might have different meanings, depending on
whether they arise from negligence, nuisance and breach of duty, and whether
they are engendered by a breach of contract or tort). Having resolved these
preliminary legal issues in relation to the statutory regime, we now consider
the actual substantive legal issues.

**Whether the appellant’s actions are time-barred under section 24A(3)(_a_) of
the Limitation Act**

21 The first question is whether the appellant’s causes of action are time-
barred under s 24A(3)(_a_) of the Limitation Act as six years have elapsed
since they accrued. While the appellant has conceded this to be the case (with
respect to s 6(1)(_a_)), it is trite law that a concession of law which turns
out to be wrong cannot be held against the conceding party. We therefore also
considered this point. Indeed, while ss 6 and 24A are not identical in the
sense that s 6 can cover causes of action not covered by s 24A, they may
conceptually overlap. This means that the concession could be correct to the
extent that the cause of action based on contract is the same in both
sections.

**_The appellant’s actions framed in contract_**

22 In our view, it is clear that the appellant’s actions framed in breach of
contract accrued when the alleged breaches occurred sometime in 1999: see _Lim
Check Meng v Orchard Credit (Pte) Ltd_ [1997] 3 SLR 795, approved by this
court in _Spandeck Engineering (S) Pte Ltd v China Construction (South
Pacific) Development Co Pte Ltd_ [2005] SGCA 59. More particularly, the
alleged breach of supervision duties, as detailed in para 7(a) of the Amended
Statement of Claim (see [7] above), occurred when the respondents allegedly
failed to supervise the Contractor or supervise adequately. This would have
been, at the very latest, on 19 March 1999 when the Contractor’s engagement
was terminated. This is even assuming that the breach was a continuing one
until the Contractor’s services were actually legally terminated. As for the
alleged breach of certification duties mentioned in para 7(b) of the Amended
Statement of Claim (see [7] above), this was in respect of the issuance of an
interim certificate of payment (No 15) dated 31 December 1998 (“the Interim
Payment Certificate”), which breach allegedly occurred when the certificate
was prepared on or around 31 December 1998, the date of certification.
Finally, as for the alleged breach of certification duties in respect of the
Termination Certificate, outlined in paras 7(c) and 7(d) of the Amended
Statement of Claim, this breach occurred at the latest on 17 March 1999, when
the Termination Certificate was in fact issued. All of these breaches occurred
in 1999.

23 Therefore, as the appellant’s former counsel rightly conceded, albeit under
the wrong section (it should be s 24A(3)(_a_) and not s 6(1)(_a_)), the
appellant’s actions framed in contract were time-barred under s 24A(3)(_a_)
for having been brought more than six years (on 17 March 2006) after the
actions first accrued in 1999.

**_The appellant’s actions framed in tort_**

24 As for the actions framed in tort, it is settled law that causes of action
for single torts, requiring proof of damage, accrue when the damage occurs:
see, for example, _Pirelli General Cable Works Ltd v Oscar Faber & Partners_
[1983] 2 AC 1 and _People’s Parkway Development Pte Ltd v Akitek Tenggara_
[1993] 1 SLR 704 _._ Accordingly, first, in respect of the alleged breach of
supervision duties (see para 7(a) of the Amended Statement of Claim at [7]
above), the alleged negligent act was that the respondents “failed to exercise
closer supervision and more frequent inspection”. The damage happened when the
Contractor carried out the alleged unsatisfactory and unacceptable works,
which must have been on or before 19 March 1999, when the Contract was
terminated. As for the alleged breach of certification duties in respect of
the Interim Payment Certificate (see [22] above), the act complained against
was the negligent preparation and issuance of the said certificate. The damage
caused by such negligent certification occurred when the Contractor first
claimed against the appellant based on this certificate on or after 31
December 1998 and certainly before the Contract was terminated on 19 March
1999. Finally, as for the alleged breach of certification duties in respect of
the Termination Certificate (see paras 7(c) and 7(d) of the Amended Statement
of Claim at [7] above), the alleged negligent acts were the respondents’
failure to comply with requisite procedural requirements and the respondents’
negligent preparation and issuance of the Termination Certificate.

25 It is plain that the actual damage caused by such negligent acts _occurred_
_when_ the appellant relied on the Termination Certificate and terminated the
Contract on 19 March 1999. In reality, it did not matter whether the
termination was done negligently or not. The appellant suffered injury
immediately. Thus, the damage to the appellant cannot be said to be the
arbitral award eventually made against him; the damage occurred before or
around the time when the appellant acted in reliance on the respondents’
allegedly defective advice by issuing the Notice of Termination to the
Contractor. This was again sometime in 1999 and thus the appellant’s actions
in negligence must be time-barred under s 24A(3)(_a_) of the Limitation Act.

26 This quite shortly disposes of the appellant’s claims in contract and/or
negligence in so far as s 24A(3)(_a_) of the Limitation Act is concerned. The
crux of the appellant’s case thus rests on s 24A(3)(_b_).

**Whether the appellant’s actions are time-barred under s 24A(3)(_b_) of the
Limitation Act**

**_The law: The requisite knowledge_**

27 In relation to the broad issue of whether the appellant’s actions are time-
barred under s 24A(3)(_b_) of the Limitation Act, the first question is the
requisite knowledge under s 24A(3)(_b_) which defines the date of
discoverability and therefore the starting point of the three-year limitation
period. Section 24A(4) defines what is meant by the requisite knowledge in ss
24A(2) and 24A(3). This convoluted definition is actually a rather awkward
condensation of ss 14A(6) to 14A(8) of the UK Act ([18] _supra_), which
provides as follows:

**14A Special time limit for negligence actions where facts relevant to cause
of action are not known at date of accrual**

…

(6) In subsection (5) above “the knowledge required for bringing an action for
damages in respect of the relevant damage” means knowledge both—

(_a_) of the material facts about the damage in respect of which damages are
claimed; and

(_b_) of the other facts relevant to the current action mentioned in
subsection (8) below.

(7) For the purposes of subsection (6)(_a_) above, the material facts about
the damage are such facts about the damage as would lead a reasonable person
who had suffered such damage to consider it sufficiently serious to justify
his instituting proceedings for damages against a defendant who did not
dispute liability and was able to satisfy a judgment.

(8) The other facts referred to in subsection (6)(_b_) above are—

(_a_) that the damage was attributable in whole or in part to the act or
omission which is alleged to constitute negligence; and

(_b_) the identity of the defendant; and

(_c_) if it is alleged that the act or omission was that of a person other
than the defendant, the identity of that person and the additional facts
supporting the bringing of an action against the defendant.

28 This particular provision merits careful and close scrutiny. The requisite
knowledge is knowledge of the following:

(a) the fact that the damage was attributable in whole or in part to the act
or omission which is alleged to constitute negligence, nuisance or breach of
duty;

(b) the identity of the defendant;

(c) if it is alleged that the act or omission was that of a person other than
the defendant, the identity of that person and the additional facts supporting
the bringing of an action against the defendant; and

(d) such material facts about the damage as would lead a reasonable person,
who had suffered such damage, to consider it sufficiently serious to justify
his instituting proceedings for damages against a defendant who did not
dispute liability and was able to satisfy a judgment.

At the outset it is helpful to reiterate the salutary warning that Sir Thomas
Bingham MR gave in _Spencer-Ward v Humberts_ [1995] 1 EGLR 123 at 126:

It is, I think, necessary that issues on this section [s 14A of the UK Act,
which is _in pari materia_ with s 24A of our Limitation Act] should be
approached in a broad common-sense way, bearing in mind the object of the
section and the injustice it was intended to mitigate. _There is a danger of
being too clever and it would usually be possible to find some fact of which a
plaintiff did not become sure until later. It would be a pity if a desire to
be indulgent to plaintiffs led the court to be unfair to defendants_.
[emphasis added]

We turn now to consider some of the salient requirements of s 24A(3)(_b_).

_Attributability_

(1) The House of Lords’ decision in _Haward_

(A) THE FACTS AND ISSUES AS DEFINED BY THE HOUSE OF LORDS

29 The first element of the requisite knowledge is attributability (see s
24A(4)(_a_) of the Limitation Act and [11] above). There are two relevant
House of Lords decisions which discussed this issue recently: _Haward_ ([2]
_supra_) and _A v Hoare_ [2008] 2 WLR 311. However, the latter decision is
really about limitation of actions for personal injury claims and does not
shed light on the issues at hand. We propose therefore to examine _Haward_
instead, which we think is particularly instructive on the element of
attributability. Janet O’Sullivan notes this to be the first decision in which
the House had the opportunity to consider in detail the meaning and
application of s 14A of the UK Act: see Janet O’Sullivan, “Limitation Act 1980
section 14A, and negligent professional advice” (2006) 22 PN 127.

30 In _Haward_ , as O’Sullivan recounts, the claimant invested £60,000 in an
agricultural machinery company in December 1994, thereby acquiring a
controlling shareholding in it. He was advised on the acquisition (and
subsequent procedure) by the defendant (a firm of accountants), whose advice
was that he would need to inject approximately a further £100,000 into the
company to make it profitable. However, the company’s financial prospects
turned out to be much worse than anticipated. Between 1995 and 1998 the
claimant invested further sums totalling over £1.2m. The claimant realised by
the end of 1998 that the financial position of the company was parlous and
that the sums he had invested were lost. However, he did not begin to question
the soundness of the defendant’s professional advice until May 1999. He
eventually commenced proceedings for damages in December 2001. The defendant
pleaded that, in so far as the claim related to money invested before December
1995 was concerned, it was statute-barred. In reply, the claimant relied on
the secondary limitation period in s 14A, alleging that he did not have the
requisite knowledge until May 1999, less than three years before the issue of
proceedings in December 2001.

31 The main issue in _Haward_ was the degree of knowledge necessary to
ascertain the date of discoverability as defined by statute. Specifically, as
O’Sullivan notes, the precise issue was how to reconcile the requirement of
attributability with the wording in s 14A(9) (corresponding to s 24A(5) of our
Limitation Act) rendering irrelevant “knowledge that, as a matter of law, an
act or omission did or did not amount to negligence” (see O’Sullivan at 128).
After all, the claimant in _Haward_ clearly knew long before December 1998
that he had relied on the defendant’s advice, and invested money in what
turned out to be a hopelessly loss-making company. But he did not appreciate
until later that the defendant might be responsible, or what the defendant
should have done differently. How ought the courts to isolate the specific
knowledge required? When the matter reached the House of Lords, Lord Mance
succinctly summarised the problem at [94] as follows:

What is involved in knowledge that damage was “attributable” to an act or
omission alleged to constitute negligence? How and at what level of
particularity is such an act or omission to be described? And at what point
does it become a (statutorily irrelevant) matter of law whether such an act or
omission involved negligence?

(B) ANALYSIS BY THE HOUSE OF LORDS

32 The judicial task of ascertaining something as abstract, unquantifiable and
fluid as knowledge is not always simple. Knowledge baffles precise description
as it is paradoxically easier to describe what it is not than what it is. As
Lord Mance’s quoted speech aptly demonstrates, knowledge is not a subject
capable of precise definition; this in turn sometimes makes a definitive
ascertainment at a precise point of time difficult. While it might be easy to
state in a few words the requisite knowledge, as the Limitation Act has
ambitiously attempted, it can be a complex challenge as well as a painstaking
task to examine and demarcate the various layers of knowledge which are likely
to have existed in reality. That said, often, however, the task is not unduly
challenging. In _Haward_ , the prosaic approach adopted by the judge, at first
instance, only involved ascertaining, as Lord Nicholls of Birkenhead
approvingly observed at [17]:

… that [the claimant] knew all the material facts as they occurred. He knew
the terms of [the defendant’s] retainer, he knew the advice [the defendant]
gave him, and he relied on that advice, with the consequence that he lost his
money. The causal connection between the advice and the damage was patent and
obvious. The only thing [the claimant] did not know was that [the defendant’s]
firm was (allegedly) negligent, or that he had a cause of action against the
firm; but those matters are irrelevant.

As can be seen, the judge at first instance in _Haward_ had analysed the facts
required by s 14A(8) (corresponding to our s 24A(4)) stripped of any hint of
“fault” language, lest he should stray into territory forbidden by s 14A(9)
(corresponding to our s 24A(5)). In doing so, he was following the approach of
the English Court of Appeal in previous cases, which, as Lord Walker of
Gestingthorpe explained in _Haward_ (at [67]), “has firmly rejected any
language which suggests, even in the least technical terms, that some fault or
mishap has occurred” (see also, for example, the comments of Sir Thomas
Bingham MR and Steyn LJ in _Dobbie v Medway Health Authority_ [1994] 1 WLR
1234 (“ _Dobbie_ ”)).

33 However, in statements which insist on practical realities over fine legal
distinctions, this rigid separation of “fact” from “fault” was rejected by the
majority of the House of Lords in _Haward_ , with Lord Walker expressing doubt
as to “whether the insistence on extremely non-judgmental language [as
required in _Dobbie_] is required by s 14A(9)” (at [67]), and his Lordship
thought that “it may in some cases ignore the realities of the situation”
(_ibid_). So on the facts in _Haward_ , the defendant’s conduct alleged to
constitute negligence was the giving of “flawed advice” (at [19]), not just
the giving of advice; and the law lords referred to the need for knowledge
that the advice was “defective” (at [23]) or that the defendant had “slipped
up” (at [24]).

34 In so deciding, the House of Lords expressly applied the test adopted by
Hoffmann LJ in _Hallam-Eames v Merrett Syndicates_ _Ltd_ [1996] 5 Re LR 110 at
114 that “the act or omission of which the plaintiff must have knowledge must
be that which is causally relevant for the purposes of an allegation of
negligence”, a notion expressed by Purchas LJ in _Nash v Eli Lilly & Co_
[1993] 1 WLR 782 at 799 (“ _Nash_ ”) (referring to the equivalent wording for
personal injury claims in s 14 of the UK Act) as knowledge of “the essence of
the act or omission to which the injury is attributable”. In other words, the
expression “attributable” in s 14A(8)(_a_) (corresponding to our s
24A(4)(_a_)) means that time does not begin to run against a claimant until he
knows there is a _real_ possibility that his damage was caused by the act or
omission in question. Mere knowledge of circumstances without a real
appreciation of what these mean in the context of a potential damage is not
sufficient. As O’Sullivan ([29] _supra_ at 129) explains, the question as
formulated by the House of Lords in _Haward_ is essentially linguistic: How
would you most naturally describe what the claimant is complaining about? So
the claimant need not know the details of what went wrong, and it is wholly
irrelevant whether he appreciated that what went wrong amounted in law to
negligence, _as long he knows the factual essence of his complaint_.

35 Adopting this approach in _Haward_ , the House of Lords decided against the
claimant. This was because the claimant did not discharge the burden of
proving that he did not know of deficiencies in the defendant’s advice until
less than three years before commencing proceedings. Lord Nicholls explained
as follows (at [24]):

After all, the disparity between [the defendant’s] advice and the company’s
disastrous losses stared [the claimant] in the face long before December 1998.

In the final analysis, as O’Sullivan incisively observes (at 130), there are
sound policy reasons not to delay the running of time until the date when the
claimant knew precisely why the defendant was negligent, or what the defendant
should have done differently. This would unjustifiably extend the scope of the
discoverability regime, assist dilatory claimants to the detriment of
defendants and expand s 14A to “cover cases that had nothing whatever to do
with latent damage or losses” (_Haward_ at [54]). What is required is a
practical and workable solution which resolves the tension we have noted
earlier at [2] of these grounds of decision.

(2) Local exposition on the requirement of attributability

36 Not surprisingly, the broad principles endorsed in _Dobbie_ ([32] _supra_),
and _Nash_ (as later accepted by the House of Lords in _Haward_), have been
accepted by the High Court in _Tan Yang Chai v Kandang Kerbau Hospital Pte
Ltd_ [1997] 3 SLR 399, albeit without any in-depth analysis. We respectfully
agree with the House of Lords’ exposition of the law and hold that, for the
requirement of “attributability”, the claimant need not know the details of
what went wrong, and it is wholly irrelevant whether he appreciated that what
went wrong amounted in law to negligence, _as long he knows of the factual
essence of his complaint_. Knowledge in this sense is to be interpreted in
broad terms of the facts on which the plaintiff’s claim is based and of the
defendant’s acts or omissions and knowing that there is a real possibility
that those acts or omissions have been a cause of the damage. It also must be
emphasised that a person’s knowledge includes (according to s 24A(6) of the
Limitation Act):

… knowledge which he _might reasonably have been expected to acquire_ —

(_a_) from facts observable or ascertainable by him; or

(_b_) from facts ascertainable by him with the help of appropriate expert
advice which it is reasonable for him to seek.

[emphasis added]

_Material facts to consider it sufficiently serious to justify instituting
proceedings_

37 We now consider the requirement in s 24A(4)(_d_), which alludes to
knowledge:

… of material facts about the injury or damage which would lead a reasonable
person who had suffered such injury or damage to consider it sufficiently
serious to justify his instituting proceedings for damages against a defendant
who did not dispute liability and was able to satisfy a judgment.

From the above citation, there are clearly two sub-elements which deserve some
elaboration.

38 First, as to material facts, the High Court in _Prosperland Pte Ltd v Civic
Construction Pte Ltd_ [2004] 4 SLR 129 (“ _Prosperland_ ”), the High Court
correctly held that for time to start running under s 24A of the Limitation
Act, an injured party was not required to know that he had a possible cause of
action. If it were otherwise, it would seriously undermine the stipulation in
s 24A(5) that knowledge, that any act or omission did or did not, as a matter
of law, involve negligence, nuisance or breach of duty, is irrelevant for the
purposes of ss 24A(2) and 24A(3).

39 Second, in relation to the further requirement of “sufficient seriousness”,
Andrew McGee notes in _Limitation Periods_ (Sweet & Maxwell, 5th Ed, 2006) at
p 122 that, with respect to s 14A of the UK Act, it is not at first sight easy
to understand why a claimant would consider any damage not “sufficiently
serious” to justify the bringing of an action “if the (frequently unrealistic
and counterfactual) assumption is made that the defendant does not deny
liability and has the money to meet a judgment”. Thus in _Joan_ _Horbury v
Craig Hall & Rutley_ (1991) 7 PN 206 at 212, Judge Bowsher QC said that damage
costing only £132 to repair was “sufficiently serious” as defined under the UK
Act, although the judge expressly admitted that a claimant might well not have
been prepared to sue a defendant who disputed liability. In our view, while
“sufficient seriousness” could have been better defined in the Limitation Act,
it is not a moot requirement as implicitly suggested by McGee. It simply means
that the action considered must not be frivolous or wholly without merit,
taking into account the effort required in instituting a court action. Were it
otherwise, there would not be an effective control mechanism to limit the
knowledge required under s 24A(4) of the Limitation Act.

_Degree of knowledge_

40 Finally, we think that the courts appear to have quite uniformly read into
the provision the requirement that the degree of knowledge be reasonable
rather than absolute or certain. Thus, while s 24A(4) defines the _type_ of
knowledge required, the courts have read into the provision the _degree_ of
knowledge required. This is where the analysis in cases fades in and out of
the express statutory requirements of s 24A (or the equivalent UK provisions)
and extra-statutory references to the requirement that knowledge need not be
absolute but reasonable emerge. In saying this, we are aware that the
distinction between the _type_ and _degree_ of knowledge required is often
fine, but it is important to distinguish the two conceptually. The former
defines the _content_ of the knowledge required, _viz_ , how, for example, the
knowledge must be linked to the defendant’s act. The latter defines the
_extent_ _and certainty_ of the knowledge and, to use the analogy from the
former sentence, how _strong_ the link is. However, surprisingly, the above
distinction between type and degree of knowledge does not appear to have been
always carefully made both in the statute and case law.

41 What then is the degree of knowledge required? In _Haward_ ([2] _supra_),
the House of Lords held that knowledge does not mean knowing for certain and
beyond possibility of contradiction (see, for example, _Haward_ at [9]). The
same position has been adopted locally. It suffices to refer to only one of
such cases. In _Prosperland_ ([38] _supra_), the High Court approvingly
referred to _Halford v Brookes_ [1991] 1 WLR 428, where Lord Donaldson of
Lymington MR noted at 443 as follows:

The word [“knowledge”] has to be construed in the context of the purpose of
the section, which is to determine a period of time within which a plaintiff
can be required to start any proceedings. In this context “knowledge” clearly
does not mean “know for certain and beyond possibility of contradiction.” It
does, however, mean “know with sufficient confidence to justify embarking on
the preliminaries to the issue of a writ, such as submitting a claim to the
proposed defendant, taking legal and other advice and collecting evidence.”
_Suspicion, particularly if it is vague and unsupported, will indeed not be
enough, but reasonable belief will normally suffice_. [emphasis added]

Thus, reasonable belief rather than absolute knowledge is enough to start time
running. This has also been accepted by the House of Lords in _Haward_. We
respectfully concur with this measured approach. At the risk of stating the
obvious, rigid rules in this area will not conduce towards clarity. Each case
will turn on its facts.

_Summary of the applicable law_

42 Thus, to summarise the applicable principles as to the requisite knowledge
under s 24A(4) of the Limitation Act:

(a) First, in respect of s 24A(4)(_a_) read with s 24A(5), _viz_ ,
attributability, the claimant need not know the details of what went wrong,
and it is wholly irrelevant whether he appreciated that what went wrong
amounted in law to negligence, as long he knew or might reasonably have known
of the factual essence of his complaint.

(b) Second, the requirements under ss 24A(4)(_b_) and 24A(4)(_c_) as to the
identity of the defendant or otherwise, which we have not elaborated on above
because of their relative simplicity, should be addressed when appropriate.

(c) Third, in relation to s 24A(4)(_d_), the material facts referred to need
not relate to the specific cause of action, and the assumptions as to the
defendant not disputing his liability and his ability to satisfy a judgment,
coupled with the requirement of “sufficient seriousness”, must be read to mean
that the case must be one sufficiently serious for someone to actually invoke
the court process given these assumptions.

(d) Finally, conditioning the above is the _degree_ of knowledge required
under paras (a) to (c), and this does not mean knowing for certain and beyond
the possibility of contradiction.

We now explain the application of these principles to the facts at hand.

**_Application of the law to the present case_**

_A preliminary objection: Facts taken into account when considering knowledge_

43 A preliminary objection on the part of the appellant must first be dealt
with. The appellant’s present counsel has made much of the allegedly
unsatisfactory manner in which the Judge dealt with the time-bar issue. He
implied that, because the transcript of the proceedings stopped at 12.37pm on
12 September 2007 and resumed again on 13 September 2007 with both counsel
making submissions on the time-bar issue, the Judge exercised his discretion
to decide the time-bar issue as a preliminary issue incorrectly. He further
alleged that the Judge ought to have heard both parties in full rather than
confine himself to a statement of agreed facts filed by both parties on 13
September 2007.[note: 2]

44 However, it is clear from the documentary evidence that the appellant’s
former counsel and the respondents’ counsel must have agreed to have the time-
bar issue decided as a preliminary issue by the Judge. Why else would they
have participated in tendering a statement of agreed facts on 13 September
2007 together with a document setting out the preliminary issues to be
determined by the Judge dated 12 September 2007?[note: 3] This must surely
mean that both parties agreed to have the time-bar issue determined as a
preliminary issue by the Judge and thereafter worked together to formulate
these precise issues and also to compile the statement of agreed facts.
Although the appellant has changed his counsel for the present appeal, he was
nevertheless still bound by this agreement.

45 In any event, as will be seen, no injustice has been occasioned to the
appellant even if we confined ourselves (which we did) to the facts as set out
in the statement of agreed facts and the documents annexed thereto. These
materials more than adequately show that the appellant had the requisite
knowledge (and more) under s 24A(3)(_b_) more than three years before the date
on which he commenced the present proceedings against the respondents.

_Whether the appellant had requisite knowledge prior to 17 March 2003_

46 Before us, counsel for the appellant rehearsed the same arguments made
before the Judge on this point. However, it was additionally urged upon us
that there was nothing more the appellant could have done since he had relied
on advice given by the respondents and/or his own solicitors, who had not
given him any advice on seeking redress from the respondents. Therefore, he
could not be imputed with the requisite knowledge as he had relied on
professional advice which he had reasonably then viewed as being correct.

47 From _Haward_ ([2] _supra_), it is clear that the requisite knowledge on
the part of the appellant for the element of attributability is the knowledge
that something was amiss with the respondents’ level of supervision and
certification process. It is enough that the appellant knew of the nature of
the dispute. The evidence shows clearly that this knowledge was acquired well
before three years prior to 17 March 2006, _ie_ , before 17 March 2003. In our
view, the appellant had knowledge of this fact: (a) during the course of the
Project, including sometime after the termination of the Contract; and/or (b)
at the very latest, at the time of the service of the notice of arbitration
when the allegations made against the respondents by the Contractor surfaced;
and (c) certainly when the claim documents were exchanged in the course of the
arbitration. Bearing in mind that only _reasonable_ suspicion and _not_
absolute certainty is required, the requisite knowledge was acquired at the
very latest when the arbitration commenced in 2000 and 2001 but definitely
well before the interim award was made on 7 April 2003 (which made such
knowledge absolutely _certain_), _notwithstanding the absence of advice from
the respondents and/or the appellant’s own solicitors_. The relevant
documents, which were at least cited, if not reproduced in arguments presented
before the Judge as part of the statement of agreed facts, will now be
discussed.

(1) Knowledge acquired during the course of the Project

48 In our judgment, two documents clearly demonstrated that the appellant
reasonably knew during the course of the Project, including sometime after the
termination of the Contract, that his damage suffered could be attributable to
the respondents.

(A) MINUTES OF MEETING DATED 12 MARCH 1999

49 At a meeting on 11 March 1999 between the appellant and his consultants,
including the respondents, the respondents advised the appellant of the
consequences of terminating the Contract. In the minutes of meeting dated 12
March 1999,[note: 4] it was recorded (at para 2.3) that “PIAI [the firm of
architects to which the respondents belonged] had highlighted to the Client
[the appellant] on the consequences of the termination of the Contract”. It
was stated that:

On the final judgment, should the issuance of Termination Certificate be shown
to have been unjustified in the verdict, the Contractor shall be entitled to
compensation from the Employer [the appellant] for all damage and loss
suffered by him as a consequence of the termination of his employment.

It was further recorded at para 2.4 the reasons why the respondents regarded
the Contractor to be in default of the Contract, thus setting out the advised
grounds for its termination.

50 Thus, the appellant, in eventually terminating the Contract on 19 March
1999, knew by that time that he was relying on the grounds provided by the
respondents for terminating the Contractor and that if such grounds were
faulty, he would be liable to compensate the Contract. This is still not
enough for the purposes of attributability in s 24A(3)(_b_) because the
appellant still did not know that the respondents’ advice was perhaps faulty
(as required by _Haward_), but it provides the backdrop from which reasonable
suspicion can be inferred from further evidence.

(B) THE CONTRACTOR’S NOTICE OF ARBITRATION DATED 22 MARCH 1999

51 By a letter dated 22 March 1999 to the appellant, the Contractor disputed
the validity of the Termination Certificate and gave notice of
arbitration.[note: 5] The significance of this document is that the appellant
knew by this time that, in reliance upon the respondents’ advice, he had
terminated the Contractor’s employment and the Contractor was disputing this
termination. The appellant also knew, as the respondents told him, of the
adverse consequences if the arbitration process found that the termination was
not in order. These cumulative facts ought to have precipitated a reasonable
suspicion that the respondents’ advice could be faulty (although negligence as
a matter of law is not needed), as required by _Haward_. This was in fact what
the Judge surmised, and with good reason too, we may add. The Judge held that
time began to run when the Contractor notified the appellant that it was
challenging the Notice of Termination on the ground that the Termination
Certificate was invalid. This reasonably is the requisite knowledge, including
attributability, under s 24A(4) for the purposes of s 24A(3)(_b_) of the
Limitation Act. By 22 March 1999, the appellant reasonably should have
suspected that the respondents’ advice could be faulty.

52 However, taking the appellant’s case further and assuming _arguendo_ that
such knowledge did not materialise at this time because the appellant could
not know that the respondent’s advice was faulty, further documentary evidence
showed that, before 17 March 2003 (which was when the time-bar guillotine
fell), a reasonable degree of knowledge was acquired by the appellant in the
course of the arbitration proceedings.

(2) Knowledge acquired during arbitration

53 In the re-amended points of claim dated 19 July 2001 (“the Re-Amended
Points of Claim”) filed by the Contractor in arbitration proceedings[note: 6]
against the appellant, the Contractor made certain allegations against the
respondents for failing in their duties as architect. These now plainly
constituted the core of the appellant’s case of alleged breaches against the
respondents.

54 First, the Contractor alleged (at para 17 of the Re-Amended Points of
Claim) that the respondents had not issued any properly constituted notices
against them in respect of any other possible default in the Project works or
the Contract. Secondly, the Contractor stated (at para 20 of the Re-Amended
Points of Claim) that from the timing and purport of the Termination
Certificate and, subsequently, of the Notice of Termination, it appeared that
these were an afterthought conceived by the appellant and the respondents to
exclude the Contractor from further involvement in the Project. All of these
ought to have drawn the appellant’s attention to the fact that something could
be wrong with respect of the respondents’ duties.

55 More particularly, with respect to the appellant’s claim against the
respondents for failing to supervise, the Contractor noted at para 48 of the
Re-Amended Points of Claim that there was a “severe lack of finality on the
part of the [appellant] and/or the [respondents] in the localising and
identification of alleged defective tilework”. This at least constituted a
part of the claim under para 7(a) of the Amended Statement of Claim in the
present proceedings (see [7] above). This meant that the appellant was alive
to the possibility in March 2000 that the respondents failed to exercise
adequate supervision.

56 As for the appellant’s claim under para 7(b) of the Amended Statement of
Claim (see [7] above), the Contractor at para 44 of the Re-Amended Points of
Claim, in reference to the Interim Payment Certificate (which now forms the
subject of a claim by the appellant against the respondents) (see [22] and
[24] above), averred that “it is purely a case of bad faith and unconscionable
conduct on the part of the [appellant] and/or … [the respondents] … that they
should, jointly or individually, repeatedly obstruct the [Contractor’s]
works”. This should have raised at least reasonable suspicion on the part of
the appellant that the respondents’ issuance of the Interim Payment
Certificate was wrong.

57 Finally, as for the appellants’ claim under paras 7(c) and 7(d) of the
Amended Statement of Claim (see [7] above), the Contractor at para 59 of the
Re-Amended Points of Claim made detailed allegations that the respondents
breached certain procedural requirements in issuing the Termination
Certificate. These are further elaborated from paras 60 to 63 of the Re-
Amended Points of Claim. In particular, the Contractor pointed out at para 62
that “the abovecited correspondence from the [respondents] … fail to satisfy
the procedural requirements of Clauses 32(3)(d), 32(3)(e) and 32(3)(h) of the
[Contract] either in part or at all”. These allegations ought to have raised
reasonable suspicions on the part of the appellant in or about 2000 that the
respondents had breached their duties in respect of issuing the Termination
Certificate.

58 Of course, the appellant claimed in the present appeal that the respondents
had repeatedly reassured him that their advice was sound and that the
Contractor would not succeed in its arbitration claim against the appellant
(see also the same assertion made in the appellant’s re-amended points of
defence and counterclaim dated 30 August 2001[note: 7] at para 40). However,
it should be remembered that what is required is not absolute certainty that
the respondents were in breach and/or negligent but a reasonable suspicion.
The issue of the interim award in 2003 would have made this knowledge a near
certainty. However, the facts hitherto cited would have at least raised more
than a reasonable suspicion. Coupled with the knowledge acquired prior to the
arbitration, in particular the connection between the respondents’ advice and
the consequences of wrongful termination, it would require a complete
suspension of disbelief to think that the appellant had not, way back in 1999
or, at the very latest, in July 2001 when the Re-Amended Points of Claim were
filed by the Contractor, at least reasonably suspected that the injury or
damage he suffered was attributable in whole or in part to the act or omission
which was alleged to constitute negligence, nuisance or breach of duty on the
part of the respondents. The appellant was entitled to choose to rely on the
correctness of the respondents’ advice; however, that did not stop time from
running from 2001, when the requisite knowledge was acquired.

_Conclusion in relation to requisite knowledge under section 24A(3)(_ b _)_

59 In the final analysis, from the voluminous sets of documents, affidavits,
_etc_ , submitted at the arbitration, issues and doubts relating to the
Interim Payment Certificate, the Termination Certificate, and various other
aspects of the respondents’ supervision had plainly crystallised more than
three years prior to 17 March 2006. The appellant would have been reasonably
suspicious (though not absolutely certain) that the injury or damage he
suffered was attributable in whole or in part to the act or omission of the
respondents. The requirement of “sufficient seriousness” must also have been
fulfilled as the appellant was actually being sued by the Contractor. In
short, this is factually more than the requisite knowledge under s 24A(3)(_b_)
and the appellant would thus have had the knowledge required for bringing an
action for damages against the respondents at the latest from about July 2001
(see [58] above).

60 As to the overarching _degree_ of knowledge required, the appellant may
have ignored or suppressed his reasonable suspicions, but this is legally
irrelevant. The law cannot bend over backwards to accommodate an ill-conceived
course of action on the unprincipled basis of sympathy. The period of
limitation continued to progressively run out. The appellant need not have
known for certain. The test is one of reasonable belief in the context of
having knowledge of objective facts. Applying this test, there is no doubt he
would have had the requisite _degree_ of knowledge.

61 In conclusion, therefore, three years from July 2001 is July 2004 –
unfortunately, the present proceedings were only commenced in March 2006.
Accordingly, the present proceedings are time-barred even under s 24A(3)(_b_)
of the Limitation Act.

**What should the appellant have done?**

62 Given the practical importance of the procedural conundrum often raised in
similar situations, we think it will be helpful to provide some guidance on
what claimants ought to do so as not to fall foul of the limitation
legislation in similar situations. In our view, on the facts of the present
case, the appellant ought to have taken out protective proceedings in relation
to the respondents once the difference of views on liability for the defective
works surfaced. Alternatively, he could, at the very least, have initiated
proceedings soon after the interim arbitration award was issued. Or he could
even have reached an understanding with the respondents to defer initiating a
claim against the latter until the dispute with the Contractor was resolved
and expressly preserved his rights failing a satisfactory resolution. This is
not a case where the law and available remedies have failed the appellant (see
also s 15(1) of the Civil Law Act (Cap 43, 1999 Rev Ed) read with s 15(3)
which entitle to appellant to seek contribution from any other person liable
in respect of the same damage unless he is time-barred from doing so). Rather,
it seems that he was indolent and/or took an imprudent view of how best to
enforce his remedy.

63 Here, the appellant appears to have opted to entirely rely on the advice of
the respondents and/or his solicitors that nothing further had to be done
apropos the termination of the Contract until after the outcome of the
arbitration proceedings. This was of course not a wholly untenable or
inappropriate course of action, but if the appellant chose to have implicit
trust in his solicitors’ and/or the respondents’ advice, then he has to take
the _legal_ consequences of an unhappy sequel.

**Conclusion**

64 For the reasons above, we dismissed the appeal with costs and the usual
consequential orders.

  

* * *

[note: 1]See Record of Appeal, vol II at p 28

[note: 2]See Appellant’s Core Bundle, vol II at p 53; _Record of Appeal_ , vol
II at p 69

[note: 3]See Appellant’s Core Bundle, vol II at p 51; _Record of Appeal_ , vol
III-E at p 1628

[note: 4]See _Record of Appeal_ , vol III-B at p 528

[note: 5]_Record of Appeal_ , vol III-B at p 548

[note: 6]See _Record of Appeal_ , vol III-B at p 553

[note: 7]See _Record of Appeal_ , vol III-B at p 597

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 10 Jul 2008 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

