Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Re Section 22 of the Mutual Assistance in Criminal Matters Act  
[2008] SGHC 96

Case Number | : | OS 490/2008  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 24 June 2008  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Kan Ting Chiu J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Francis Ng (Attorney-General's Chambers) for the applicant   
Parties | : | —  
  
Criminal Procedure and Sentencing – Mutual legal assistance – Whether
application for bank to produce material relating to account of client should
be granted – Whether request must be exhibited with application – Whether
proper request by prescribed foreign country an essential part of application
– Section 22 Mutual Assistance in Criminal Matters Act (Cap 190A, 2001 Rev Ed)  
  

24 June 2008 |   
---|---  
  
Kan Ting Chiu J:

1 An application was made by the Attorney-General under s 22 of the Mutual
Assistance in Criminal Matters Act (Cap 190A) (“the Act”) for a bank to
produce material relating to the account of one of the bank’s clients.

2 The preamble of the Act states that it is “(a)n Act to facilitate the
provision and obtaining of international assistance in criminal matters.” The
Act deals with requests by Singapore to foreign countries for assistance, as
well as requests by foreign countries to Singapore for assistance. Part II of
the Act relates to the former, and is not relevant to the application in this
case. Part III deals with requests from foreign countries for the taking of
evidence for criminal proceedings, (s 21), and for the production of material
for the purposes of criminal matters, (s 22).

3 The Act lays down a two-stage process under Part III. The first stage is
that a request is made by a foreign country to Singapore for assistance. Under
s 19(1) of the Act all requests from foreign countries for assistance are to
be made to the Attorney-General, and s 19(2) sets out in some detail the
information that has to be disclosed in a request. The Attorney-General may
refuse to give assistance to the request on the grounds specified in s 20(1)
(a) to (l).

4 When the Attorney-General accedes to a request for the production of
material (referred to as “thing” in s 22) for use in criminal matters, an
application has to be made to court under s 22(1) by the Attorney-General or a
person appointed by him to make the application for an order for the
production of the material.

5 Specific rules apply to these applications. Section 22(2) provides that
where an application involves material in the possession of a financial
institution, the application is to be made to the High Court, and s 22(8)
stipulates that the application shall be heard _in camera_. Order 89B r 3 of
the Rules of Court provides that no person may inspect or take a copy of any
document relating to the application for an order under s 22, or for the
discharge or variation of such an order without the leave of Court. These
provisions are put in place to maintain the confidentiality of such
applications.

6 The Act recognises that compliance with a production order may expose a
party to civil and criminal liabilities. For example, a bank may have to
produce customer information material falling under which a bank is prohibited
from disclosing by s 47 of the Banking Act (Cap 19 Rev Ed 2003). To protect
the complying party, s 24 provides that no civil or criminal action shall lie
against any person for complying with an order in good faith.

This particular application

7 This application followed a request from a prescribed foreign country for
the production of material in the possession of a bank. It is not necessary
for me to identify the requesting country, the bank or the parties under
investigation.

8 The application was made _ex parte_ , as authorised by O 89B r 2(1), and was
supported by an affidavit deposed by an officer of the Commercial Affairs
Department of the Singapore Police Force. In his affidavit, the deponent
stated:

1\. I am an authorised officer within the meaning of section 2(1) of the
Mutual Assistance in Criminal Matters Act (Cap 190A)(“MACMA”).

2\. It has been brought to my attention that the Ministry of Home Affairs of
the government of [a prescribed foreign country] on [date], submitted a
request for mutual legal assistance to the Attorney-General of the Republic of
Singapore …

3\. I hereby make this Affidavit in support of the application by the
Attorney-General for a production order against the [bank] …

4\. Insofar as the matters deposed to herein are within my personal knowledge
they are true. Insofar as they are based on documents or information received
by or in the possession of the CAD, including information provided by the
[magistrate in the foreign country], pertaining to a criminal investigation
against [the parties under investigation] for criminal conspiracy to commit
offences of cheating, forgery of a valuable security, forgery for the purpose
of cheating and using forged documents as genuine, under [provision of
criminal law], they are true to the best of my knowledge, information and
belief.

5\. According to information provided by the [magistrate], investigations
conducted by the [investigating authority] have revealed the following:

[particulars of transactions]

6\. The production order sought in the present application is for the
production by the [bank] of the complete bank records for account number …
(“the account”) for the period of [date] to the present, including, but not
limited to the following:

a. original signature cards for the account;

b. application forms and any other documentation pertaining to the opening of
the account;

c. account ledger cards;

d. periodic account statements;

e. records of all items deposited into, withdrawn from, or transferred out of
the account;

f. records of wire transfers to and from the account;

g. correspondence to, from, or on behalf of the account holder; and

h. memoranda related to the account.

It is unclear whether these items were specifically sought in the request, as
the request was not exhibited in the affidavit.

9 The application went on to specify that:

Where the material consists of information contained in data equipment, the
said material shall be produced in a form in which it can be taken away and in
which it is visible and legible

without stating whether this formed part of the request.

10 When the application came on for hearing before me, I informed counsel that
the request from the foreign country should be exhibited in the affidavit. I
told him that if there was any apprehension that any part of the request may
contain confidential information which should not be disclosed, that can be
redacted so long that it can be ascertained that there is a request coming
within s 22(1) from a prescribed foreign country for the production of the
particular material specified in the application.

11 The need for the request to particularise the material to be produced was
highlighted by the Minister of Law during the debate in Parliament on the
Mutual Assistance in Criminal Matters (Amendment) Bill on 13 February 2006,
when he said:

Assistance will also be declined if a foreign authority is merely “fishing”
for information that might be of use against a person or a corporation. The
Act has many safeguards against such “fishing expeditions”. For example,
section 22 of the Act, on production orders, requires that a foreign request
must be made for a particular item or document.

As matters stood, I was left in doubt whether the items in the application
were spelt out in the request.

12 I also informed counsel that in another application,[note: 1] the hearing
was adjourned for the request to be produced, and when a copy of the request
was produced, a production order was made. However, counsel was unreceptive to
my suggestion to review the matter or take further instructions.

Reasons for the dismissal of the application

13 I have noted earlier that a request for assistance from a foreign country
is dealt with in two stages. First, the Attorney-General has to decide whether
to accede to or to refuse the request. If the Attorney-General accedes to the
request, an application is made in court, and the court must be satisfied with
the application before an order for production is made. It is clear that the
starting point to an application to the court is a request from a foreign
country which identifies the material for which an order for production is
sought.

14 It may be argued that the Court’s role in deciding whether to grant an
application for production is governed by s 22(3) and (4) of the Act:

(3) If, on such an application, the court is satisfied that the conditions
referred to in subsection (4) are fulfilled, it may make an order that the
person who appears to the court to be in possession of the thing to which the
application relates shall **—**

(a) produce the thing to an authorised officer for him to take away; or

(b) give an authorised officer access to the thing,

within 7 days of the date of the order or such other period as the court
considers appropriate.

(4) The conditions referred to in subsection (3) are **—**

(a) that there are reasonable grounds for suspecting that a specified person
has carried on or benefited from a foreign offence;

(b) that there are reasonable grounds for believing that the thing to which
the application relates **—**

(i) is likely to be of substantial value (whether by itself or together with
another thing) to the criminal matter in respect of which the application was
made; and

(ii) does not consist of or include items subject to legal privilege; and

(c) that the court is satisfied that it is not contrary to the public interest
for the thing to be produced or that access to it be given.

and if the conditions in sub-s (4) are satisfied, the Court should not concern
itself with other matters falling outside sub-ss (3) and (4).

15 Such an argument does not withstand examination. In the scheme of s 22, an
application is made only when a request is received. If there is no proper
request, the matter should not progress to the s 22(3) stage. The existence of
a proper request is at all times an essential part of an application.

16 How does a court satisfy itself that there is a proper request? Under the
best evidence rule, the actual request should be produced in evidence. For the
present application, the strictness of this rule is ameliorated by the
combined effect of s 67(1)(e), s 76(a)(iii) and s 65(b) of the Evidence Act
(Cap 97), and a certified copy or a photocopy of the request may be produced
in lieu of the actual request.

17 Without sight of the request, I am not able to verify that there is a
proper request received from a prescribed foreign country, and that the
request is for the production of the “things” set out in the application.

18 I should add that although the power to order production is vested in the
court, the party under investigation has recognised interests and rights in
such an application.

19 Section 22(5) provides that:

The proceedings referred to in subsection (3) may be conducted in the presence
or absence of the person to whom the criminal proceedings in the foreign
country relates or of his legal representative (if any),

indicating that the person under investigation has the right to be heard
before an order of production is made, if the application is made _inter
partes_.

20 In any event, the right to be heard on the production of any material
extends beyond the hearing of the application for production. Section 23(7) of
the Act states that the Rules of Court may provide for the discharge and
variations of orders made under s 22. Order 89B r 2(2) of the Rules of Court
provide that:

Where an order under section 22 has been made, the person required to comply
with the order may apply to the Court for the order to be discharged or
varied, and on hearing such an application, the Court may discharge the order
or make such variations to it as the Court thinks fit.

and r 2(3) refers to applications to discharge or vary production orders by
parties other than the Attorney-General or the person appointed by him to make
the application for the original order, and that must be the other parties
interested, i.e. the party under investigation and the party ordered to give
production of the material.

21 When the rights and interests of these parties are considered, the request
for assistance from the foreign government and the “things” for which
production is sought by the foreign government cannot be withheld from them. A
prudent bank mindful of its dual duties to maintain banking secrecy and to
comply with court orders would want to study the request before it produces
any material in good faith.

22 For the foregoing reasons, I found that the present application made
without exhibiting the request does not conform with the letter and spirit of
the Act as it did not enable the court to be satisfied that the conditions for
an order for production have been satisfied, and it did not allow the parties
under investigation or the bank involved a proper opportunity to oppose the
making of an order for production, or the discharge or variation of any order
made.

_________________

  

[note: 1]OS No 1676 of 2007

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 24 Jun 2008 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

