Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Worldwide Convention Planners Pte Ltd v Lee Khiam Long and Others  
[2008] SGHC 152

Case Number | : | Suit 578/2007  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 15 September 2008  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Choo Han Teck J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Tan Bar Tien and Quek Seng Soon Winston (B T Tan & Co) for the plaintiff; Tan Kah Hin (Choo Hin & Partners) for the first defendant; N Sreenivasan, Shankar s/o Angammah Sevasamy (Straits Law Practice LLC) for the second, third and fourth defendants   
Parties | : |  Worldwide Convention Planners Pte Ltd — Lee Khiam Long; Poh Lye Yee Alan; Poh Jian Xiong Christopher; Chris Lyn Investment Pte Ltd   
  
Companies – Directors – Duties  
  

15 September 2008 |  Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Choo Han Teck J:

1 The plaintiff was incorporated in 1995 (with 300,000 shares) to carry on the
business of organising conventions and events. The first defendant held
246,000 shares of which 180,000 were in trust for the second defendant. The
first defendant was then the managing director of the plaintiff. One Madam Tan
Siew Hua (wife of Mr Gilbert Goh) held 54,000 shares in trust for Mr Gilbert
Goh. Mr Gilbert Goh was a consultant of the plaintiff, whose business was
generated largely from the contacts of the second defendant. The shareholding
was thus as follows:

1\. First defendant |  \- 66,000  
---|---  
2\. Gilbert Goh |  \- 54,000  
3\. Second defendant |  \- 180,000  
  
2 In December 2000, the plaintiff purchased the property known as 51A/B Neil
Road (“the property”) for $2,400,000. The plaintiff carried on its business
from the third floor of the property. When the second defendant decided to
give up his shares in the plaintiff he told Mr Gilbert Goh and the first
defendant. At about the same time Mr Gilbert Goh asked the second defendant
for financial assistance. The second defendant than told Mr Gilbert Goh that
he would sell his 180,000 shares and let Mr Gilbert Goh keeps the proceeds. Mr
Gilbert Goh testified in court that in addition to that, the second defendant
had also promised him further sums of money. This the second defendant denied.
The first and second defendants and Mr Gilbert Goh subsequently decided to
sell the property. A valuation report dated 3 April 2006 valued the property
at $2,050,000. It was sold to the second defendant and his son (the third
defendant) who bought it through the fourth defendant for tax purposes. The
completion of the sale took place on 29 January 2007.

3 On 30 August 2006, the first defendant, and Mr Gilbert Goh met the
plaintiff’s company secretary, Miss Pamela Neo (“Miss Neo”) at her office and
there discussed and resolved that the property be sold to the second and third
defendants; the payment of $42,000 to the first defendant as director’s fees;
payment of $58,200 to the company called “Your Holiday Planners Pte Ltd”
(“YHP”) which was owned by Mr Gilbert Goh; and the payment of $510,000 divided
to the shareholders. The plaintiff disputed that the resolutions were passed,
and if they did, were back-dated. After considering the documents and the oral
testimonies of Mr Gilbert Goh, the first defendant, and Miss Neo, I am of the
view that the resolutions were validly passed.

4 The next important event occurred on 8 September 2006 when Mr Gilbert Goh
contracted to sell his 54,000 shares together with the second defendant’s
180,000 shares to Air Sino Euro Associates Travel Pte Ltd (“ASA”) for $150,000
with an additional $30,000 if profit forecasts were met. The parties
acknowledged that the contract was made with the knowledge that the property
had been sold to the second and third defendants. The sale of the 234,000
shares was a transaction between Mr Gilbert Goh and Mr Albert See (“Mr See”),
the owner of ASA. The shares were fully transferred to ASA by 30 January 2007.

5 The plaintiff’s claim in this action against the first defendant was based
on allegations of breaches of fiduciary duties as director. The specific
allegations were that, first, he had conspired and assisted the second
defendant to sell the property “without the consent or approval of the board
of directors or shareholders in a general meeting.” Secondly, that the first
defendant ought to have acted against the second and third defendant when the
latter were in breach of the terms of the option for the sale of the property.
Thirdly, he declared $510,000 as dividends on 30 August 2006 in order to
siphon the plaintiff’s funds for the second defendant’s benefit. Fourthly,
falsifying and manipulating the accounts of the plaintiff by recording the
payment of $40,000 as dividends from Madam Tan Siew Hua’s account to the first
defendant’s account as “costs of sales”. Fifthly, paying $58,200 to YHP when
there was no basis for that payment. Finally, in backdating the four
resolutions to 30 August 2006 when they were in fact passed in October 2006.

6 I am of the opinion that the plaintiff’s claims in this action to be
unmeritorious and lacking in proof. Mr See who, as the owner of ASA, was the
real plaintiff. The plaintiff sought to corroborate its claim with the
evidence of Mr Gilbert Goh, a witness whose evidence I did not find to be
reliable. He was constantly in debt, constantly seeking the benevolence of the
second defendant, and when he ran out of goodwill from the second defendant,
turned to Mr See instead. It was Mr Gilbert Goh who negotiated the sale of the
shares with Mr See directly. Nobody else was involved. Whatever
representations that might have been made about the plaintiff to Mr See would
all have been made by Mr Gilbert Goh. Mr Gilbert Goh tried to create the
impression in court that there was no discussion among the shareholders and
Miss Neo that the property would be sold to the second defendant. If that were
so, it was most improbable that he could have inserted cl 2 in the sale of
shares agreement with ASA on 8 September 2006 that reads as follows –

For the avoidance of doubt, the [plaintiff’s] property known as Nos.
51/51A/51B Neil Road, Singapore 088829 with a net book value of S$2,485,894 as
at 31 December 2005 was sold on 27 July 2006 at Singapore Dollars Two Million
Fifty Thousand Only (S$2,050,000.00).

More crucially, the sale was ratified by all three shareholders, including Mr
Gilbert Goh. Even if I had accepted that as the resolution of the
shareholders, or that it was a directors’ resolution, the incontrovertible
fact remained that Mr Gilbert Goh knew and acquiesced to the sale before ASA
contracted to buy its shares.

7 ASA clearly bought and paid for the shares of the plaintiff without the
property. Otherwise the value of the shares would have been much higher. I do
not accept Mr See’s allegation that he was misled by the company’s accounting
records. I did not think that his claim was made in good faith in the sense
that he had a genuine grievance; but I shall not speculate as to what his
motives were for instituting this action. No expert accountant evidence was
adduced to show what was wrong with the way the accounts had been kept. Miss
Neo might not be an expert accountant, but there was no evidence to establish
that she had been negligent in her duties and I accept her evidence as
reliable. And even so, the action as pleaded would have to be amended. There
was no accounting evidence to support the plaintiff’s counsel, Mr Tan Bar
Tien’s (“Mr B.T. Tan”) submission that the payment of the $510,000 as
dividends was wrongful. Even if it was, I agree with Mr Sreenivasan, counsel
for the second, third, and fourth defendants, that all that the second
defendant would be liable for was the sum of $306,000; but it would also mean
that the plaintiff had to amend its pleadings. This it had not done, the
plaintiff elected to stand by the case and argument put forward by Mr B.T. Tan
on its behalf.

8 Mr B.T. Tan also submitted that the plaintiff had the right to enforce its
rights against its directors. That may be so, but the wrongs that his client
had alleged against the first and second defendants could only succeed if it
was proved that the accounts of the plaintiff were falsely recorded (and if
so, what loss accrued to the plaintiff), or that the plaintiff’s property was
sold to the disadvantage or prejudice of the plaintiff. Neither of these basic
claims had been proved. Mr Justine Wee, the solicitor who acted in the sale
and purchase of the property testified on the defendants’ behalf that the
transaction was validly and properly completed. There was no basis to say that
there was bad faith just because the vendor and purchaser agree to a longer
time to complete.

9 For the reasons above, the plaintiff’s claim is dismissed. The first
defendant’s counterclaim for $111,122.25 was not challenged since no officer
from the plaintiff gave any evidence to challenge the evidence of the first
defendant. Mr See was not a director of the plaintiff. None of its directors
testified at trial. I accept the evidence of the first defendant on each of
his claims. The documentary supports adduced by him were not challenged. In
the premises, I grant judgment on the counterclaim by the first defendant. The
fourth defendant alleged that the plaintiff did not execute the tenancy
agreement offered to it and was thus a trespasser on the property from
February to August 2007. However, the failure to execute the tenancy agreement
alone is not sufficient evidence of trespass. Since this was not clearly
pleaded and proved, the fourth defendant’s counterclaim for trespass is
dismissed. I will, however, allow its claim for the wrongful caveat lodged on
26 September 2006 and order that damages, if any, to be assessed.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 15 Sep 2008 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

