Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Children's Media Ltd and Others v Singapore Tourism Board  
[2008] SGCA 45

Case Number | : | CA 83/2008  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 14 November 2008  
Tribunal/Court | : | Court of Appeal  
Coram | : |  Chan Sek Keong CJ; Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA; V K Rajah JA   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Chelva Retnam Rajah SC, Lalitha Rajah, Srinivasan V N and Rahayu Mahzam (Heng, Leong & Srinivasan) for the appellants; Lok Vi Ming SC, Edric Pan, Loh Jen Wei, Joseph Lee and Jeanette Lim (Rodyk & Davidson) for the respondent   
Parties | : |  Children's Media Ltd; Tribute Third Millennium Limited; Anthony David Hollingsworth — Singapore Tourism Board   
  
Companies – Incorporation of companies – Lifting corporate veil – Lack of good
faith in transaction – Companies no more than puppets dancing to tune of
corporator – Corporator treating companies' assets as his own – Whether proper
case to hold corporator personally accountable for refund of moneys paid in
transaction  
  
Contract – Misrepresentation – Fraudulent – Appellant misrepresenting that he
would be able to stage event – Event not staged – Whether rescission by trial
judge for fraudulent misrepresentation valid  
  

14 November 2008 |   
---|---  
  
V K Rajah JA (delivering the judgment of the court):

1 This is an appeal against the judgment of the trial judge (“the Judge”) in
Suit No 175 of 2006, _viz_ , _Singapore Tourism Board v Children's Media Ltd_
[2008] 3 SLR 981 (“the Judgment”). In her decision, the Judge awarded
interlocutory judgment to the plaintiff (“the respondent”) against the three
defendants (“the first appellant”, “the second appellant”, and “the third
appellant”, respectively; collectively referred to as “the appellants”).

2 The proceedings had arisen out of the failure on the part of the appellants
to stage a mega event known as “Listen Live” (“the Event”) in Singapore, for
which the respondent had paid sums totalling $6,155,250. The obligation to
stage the Event was contained in three consecutive agreements between the
respondent and the first appellant (“the First Agreement”, “the Second
Agreement”, and “the Third Agreement”, respectively), each agreement
superseding the previous agreement. Together with the execution of the Third
Agreement, the respondent and the first appellant agreed to several terms set
out in a letter (“the Side Letter”).

3 This judgment is to be read together with the Judgment. As the material
facts have been ably summarised by the Judge we gratefully adopt them. From
the established facts, we note, in particular, that the third appellant was at
all material times a director and the chief executive officer of both the
first appellant and second appellant. The second appellant is the sole member
and guarantor of the first appellant and the third appellant is the sole
shareholder of the second appellant. It is plain to us from the evidence that
the third appellant was not just the controlling mind of these entities, but
that he also freely, and without inhibition, dealt with their assets as if
they were his own. He was, in short, the alter ego of these entities.

4 The crucial issue in this matter, for our assessment, was the intention of
the third appellant when he entered into the Third Agreement (as well as the
Side Letter) with the respondent. Was this a sham transaction procured by
fraudulent misrepresentation(s) made by him? After carefully assessing the
evidence, the Judge found that the third appellant had prior to the entry of
the Third Agreement dishonestly misrepresented to the respondent that the core
finance for the staging of the Event (“the Core Finance”) in accordance with
the Second Agreement had been secured (Judgment at [50]). This is entirely
accurate. The third appellant had in fact concocted an elaborate charade
assiduously achieved “by a combination of loans and financing arrangement with
friendly and/or related parties” (_id_). The respondent was unfortunately
duped into signing the Third Agreement in the belief that securing the
necessary financing was no longer an obstacle that stood in the path of the
staging of the Event.

5 We have also considered the documents referred to us by counsel for the
appellants, in the course of the hearing, that purport to show the appellants’
efforts to secure the Core Finance in accordance with the Third Agreement
after the Third Agreement was entered into. With respect, these documents, on
the whole, cannot even begin to substantiate this contention. On the contrary,
the documents convey the contrary picture that no _reasonable_ _efforts_ were
being made by the third appellant to secure the Core Finance at any time after
he procured the Third Agreement. In fact, other documents showed that the
appellants were working towards holding the Event in New York[note: 1], a fact
they concealed from the respondent. This cannot but cast further doubts on the
_bona fides_ of the appellants’ intention in staging the Event in Singapore
when the Third Agreement was entered into.

6 Like the Judge, we have also been deeply troubled by the patent lack of
effort made by the appellants to secure the artistes and broadcasters after
the Second Agreement was signed. The appellants may, of course, argue that
they did eventually secure the first batches of core artistes and broadcasters
under the Second Agreement, but having perused the evidence, we are of the
view that this cannot be properly substantiated. It is but another example of
the appellants’ carefully orchestrated pretence, as there was in fact hardly
any objective evidence to show that the artistes and broadcasters they had
purported to secure had indeed been secured. Further, it also bears mention
that even after the Third Agreement was signed, no further steps whatsoever
were taken by the appellants to secure the services or co-operation of any
“fresh” artistes or broadcasters to participate in the Event. It is not
significant that on 27 August 2006, not long after the Third Agreement was
signed, the appellants terminated the services of an agency they had expressly
contracted with on 1 August 2006 to procure artistes for the Event. No further
arrangements were thereafter made with any other agency to secure artistes for
the postponed Event.

7 The appellants also contended that under the Third Agreement, they were only
required to secure the services of the artistes and broadcasters after the
confirmation of the Core Finance. However, they would have had to secure the
first batch of core artistes and broadcasters a mere 10 days after confirming
the Core Finance (see cll 3.7, 3.9–3.11 of the Third Agreement). In other
words, if they were genuine in their attempts to secure the artistes and
broadcasters, they would have had to be working towards this objective
concurrently with the procurement of the Core Finance. This was not done. It
therefore seems to us an irresistible inference that the third appellant had
no intention whatsoever to stage the Event in Singapore when he entered into
the Third Agreement in the name of the first appellant. The objective evidence
of the steps (or, more precisely, the lack thereof) taken by the appellants
after the Third Agreement was signed decidedly bears this out. The shenanigans
relating to the staging of the Event in New York only serve to reinforce this
view. To sum up, when the Third Agreement was entered into, the third
appellant’s sole pre-occupation was to avoid any subsequent legal liability
for him and the related entities. This conclusion is amply supported by the
evidence before us. Given the background events when the Third Agreement was
signed it is inconceivable that the respondent would have entered into such an
undertaking except on a representation by the third appellant that the Event
_could and would_ be staged.

8 The Judge concluded (Judgment at [150]–[151]):

150 The third [appellant] knew he could not/would not refund the
[respondent’s] sponsorship sums. He also knew he was unable to stage the Event
even if it was postponed from the period of 16 September 2005 to 1 October
2005 (under the Second Agreement) to 7-8 April 2006 (under the Third
Agreement) as he had led the [respondent] to believe. ...

151 The [respondent] unfortunately, accepted the third [appellant’s] word and
agreed to the removal of the refund provision in cl 8.2, unaware that less
than a month earlier, the third [appellant] had transferred the entire balance
of the sponsorship sums from the first [appellant’s] account to that of the
second [appellant] and in August 2005, he had instructed third parties like Ng
and Paul Kerr to stop work on the Event. As the third [appellant] terminated
the Third Agreement on 5 January 2006, the [appellants’] repeated assertions
and submissions that they always intended to hold the Event rings hollow. The
third [appellant] never intended to hold the Event at all. It speaks volumes
of the third [appellant’s] abilities and credibility that to-date, the Event
scheduled to be held in New York in July has not taken place.

We see no basis to interfere with these findings of fact. The Judge had not
erred in setting aside the Third Agreement and the Side Letter.

9 We are also satisfied that the third appellant more than fully appreciated
that the moneys paid to the first appellant were for a very specific purpose
and that there was an unequivocal obligation to refund the moneys in full to
the respondent if the Event was not staged. While we would not (and need not)
go as far as the Judge in some of her strictures about the third appellant’s
conduct and testimony, we can say without any diffidence that there are more
than ample grounds to determine that this is a proper case (given the lack of
the third appellant’s _bona fides_ to stage the Event when he entered into the
Third Agreement on the behalf of the first appellant and his several earlier
misrepresentations), to hold him personally accountable for the refund of the
monies. The first and second appellants were no more than corporate puppets
compliantly dancing to the tune of the third appellant. He treated their
assets as his own. Their liabilities arising from the failure to stage the
Event should now also be his.

10 In the result, we dismiss the appeal with costs and the usual consequential
orders.

  

* * *

[note: 1]See, _eg_ , Respondent’s Supplemental Core Bundle at pp 51– 54.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 14 Nov 2008 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

