Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Sie Choon Poh (trading as Image Galaxy) v Amara Hotel Properties Pte Ltd  
[2008] SGHC 24

Case Number | : | Suit 914/2002, RA 214/2007  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 15 February 2008  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Andrew Ang J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Navinder Singh (Navin & Co LLP) for the plaintiff/appellant; Adeline Chong (Rajah & Tann LLP) for the defendant/respondent   
Parties | : |  Sie Choon Poh (trading as Image Galaxy) — Amara Hotel Properties Pte Ltd   
  
Civil Procedure – Costs – Whether offer to settle can be taken into account
even though not in prescribed form  
  
Damages – Assessment – Appeal against assessment of damages by assistant
registrar – Whether assessment should be altered in light of inadequate
evidence of loss  
  

15 February 2008 |   
---|---  
  
Andrew Ang J:

1 This was an appeal (Registrar’s Appeal No 214 of 2007) against the Assistant
Registrar’s (“AR”) assessment of damages payable to the plaintiff in Suit No
914 of 2002 arising from the spillage of waste water into the plaintiff’s shop
premises from a burst waste water pipe in the defendant landlord’s building of
which the premises let to the plaintiff formed part. At the conclusion of the
hearing, I dismissed the appeal with costs. My grounds of decision follow.

The claim

2 The following principal heads of claim were set out in the Statement of
Claim:

(a) Estimated loss resulting from damage to photocopying machines and other
equipment – $333,200.

(b) Damages to be assessed for loss of earnings and/or profit then estimated
at $500,000.

(c) Indemnity for all sums due and owing to Hitachi Leasing Pte Ltd
(“Hitachi”) and Canon Singapore (“Canon”) as a result of the return of its
machinery then estimated at $250,000.

(d) Damages to be assessed for loss of goodwill.

(e) Damages to be assessed for distress and disappointment.

3 At the assessment of damages before the AR, the plaintiff was awarded $5,000
for loss of goodwill and $11,046.76 for loss of profits. Notably, the AR
declined to make any award of damages in respect of mental distress or damage
to machines and equipment. Neither was an indemnity ordered. What came across
very clearly from the AR’s Grounds of Decision (“GD”) was that the plaintiff
had failed to discharge his burden of proof, there being “a glaring lack of
documentary evidence and witness testimony to support the claims he was
making” (see [22] of the GD). Moreover, the AR also formed the view that “the
Plaintiff’s own responses during cross-examination were equivocal at best,
evasive at worst”.

4 It is settled law that a judge in chambers hearing an appeal from a decision
of the AR exercises a confirmatory jurisdiction. The judge deals with the
matter as though it came before him for the first time and is entitled to
exercise an unfettered discretion of his own: _per_ Chan Sek Keong J (_obiter)
in Herbs and Spices Trading Post Pte Ltd v Deo Silver (Pte) Ltd_ [1990] SLR
1234 at 1238 affirmed by the Court of Appeal in _Augustine v Goh Siam Yong_
[1992] 1 SLR 767. Nevertheless, unless there are grounds upon which he differs
from the AR, he should be slow to disturb the AR’s findings, particularly
where the AR’s decision involved an examination of witnesses. Due weight
should be given to the decision of the AR: _Evans v Bartlam_ [1937] AC 473
followed by the Court of Appeal in _Chang Ah Lek v Lim Ah Koon_ [1999] 1 SLR
82.

5 One would have expected that, given the AR’s finding that there was a dearth
of evidence in so many respects in the plaintiff’s claim, the plaintiff would
have sought belatedly to introduce further evidence (if any) to support his
claim. Leave would still have to be obtained of course (the plaintiff having
to satisfy a modified version of the test laid down in _Ladd v Marshall_
[1954] 1 WLR 1489 such modification being as set out in _Lassiter Ann Masters
v To Keng Lam_ [2004] 2 SLR 392) but at least such an effort could have lent
credence to the plaintiff’s claim. Instead, as may be seen below, the
plaintiff offered nothing further despite gaping omissions specifically
pointed out by the AR.

Damage to machinery

6 With respect to damage to machinery, the AR had found that there was no
evidence that the machines were damaged by waste water. She was therefore
unable to make a finding on the extent of damage. Before me, the plaintiff’s
counsel pointed out that the defendant had taken photographs of the
plaintiff’s equipment which showed the machines soiled by the waste water. He
therefore argued that the AR was wrong in observing that there was no
documentation of what machinery was on site at the time of the incident.
However, the key finding was at [10] that:

[T]here was no proof that the machines had been damaged by the incident, even
less that they were irreparably damaged. The surveyor’s report made no mention
of any damage. While it stated that the machines would have to be inspected
and tested, there was no evidence that this was done.

7 The AR further noted that representatives of Canon and Hitachi were not
called to testify as to the state of the machines. This was despite the fact
that the plaintiff had expressly listed them as among the witnesses he would
call. Before me the plaintiff made no attempt to adduce any further evidence
to repair the omissions. Instead, counsel repeated the submission below that
“relevant papers relating to the leases of the machinery, their return, their
eventual sale as scrap and the final amounts due” constituted evidence that
the machines had been irreparably damaged. This was what the AR had to say:

11 The only concrete evidence before the court was (i) a letter from Hitachi
to the Plaintiff dated 8 Oct 2001 warning the Plaintiff that he owed
$39,821.51 to Hitachi, and that Hitachi would take legal action if the
Plaintiff did not revert with a payment plan within 4 days; (ii) a letter from
Hitachi to the Plaintiff dated 28 Nov 2001 stating that Hitachi had “taken
possession” of the goods hired by the Plaintiff, and requiring the Plaintiff
to pay all “costs of and incidental to the re-possession”; and (iii) a table
dated May 2002 showing the “sale amount” of machinery, which the Plaintiff
referred to as proof that Hitachi had had to scrap the machines.

12 The Plaintiff argued that the reference in the 28 Nov 2001 letter to “re-
possession” should not be taken literally, and that the letter actually
referred to Hitachi taking the machines back upon the Plaintiff’s request
because they no longer worked. However, there was no evidence whatsoever to
support this argument. Neither Ms Neo, who had supposedly liaised with
Hitachi, nor a Hitachi representative, testified. I was more inclined to take
the contents of the letter at face value and to conclude that the machines
were taken back because the Plaintiff had failed to keep up with his
instalment payments. Similarly, the Plaintiff argued that the table dated May
2002 showed that Hitachi had scrapped the machines which were rendered useless
by the water ingress. Again, there was no representative from Hitachi to
explain what the figures in the table actually meant, or to show that the
sales figures referred to the scrap value of the machines. Instead, PC tried
to turn the tables on the Defendant, arguing in his reply submissions that the
Defendant should have written a letter to Hitachi to establish that Hitachi
did not repossess the machines. This would all be very well if the Plaintiff
had actually established that Hitachi had taken the machines back because they
were not in working order, but as I have noted, the Plaintiff was a long way
from establishing this to my satisfaction.

I found no reason to disagree with the AR.

Loss of profit

8 With respect to loss of profit, the plaintiff sought an award of $425,000
for five years’ loss. The defendant argued that the plaintiff’s shop unit was
operable by 25 April 2001. Furthermore, any interruption to the plaintiff’s
business was due in part to the plaintiff’s unreasonable behaviour in denying
access to the defendant’s workers to undertake repairs. Besides that, the
plaintiff had produced two sets of conflicting trading and profit and loss
accounts for his business in 2000 and 2001. He failed to produce documents to
show his outgoings and expenses. His answers to questions in cross-examination
caused the AR much unease largely because of his “cavalier attitude”.

9 Owing to the conflicting accounts and the lack of documentary evidence as
regards the plaintiff’s outgoings, the AR was unable to arrive at an estimate
of the plaintiff’s yearly profits. The plaintiff made no attempt to furnish
the missing evidence of outgoings. There was also no evidence to justify a
multiplier of five for loss of yearly profits.

10 In the view of the learned AR, an award of two months’ loss of profits
(which she would have been inclined to give) was on the generous side. Given
the lack of evidence as to the profits, she chose to award damages equivalent
to two months’ rental. I saw no reason to disturb that.

Loss of goodwill

11 With regard to loss of goodwill, the plaintiff made no attempt to justify
his claim for $150,000. Besides, the defendant had successfully contended that
any long term loss of goodwill was due to the plaintiff’s own decision to
leave the premises the day after the incident without affording the defendant
the opportunity to repair the damage caused.

12 In my view, the fact that the defendant had initially taken the
unreasonable stand _vide_ its solicitors’ letter of 30 April 2001 that the
defendant’s sole obligation was to carry out repair work does not alter the
situation. The plaintiff could have stayed on at the premises and pursued its
entitlement to damages (such as there might be).

13 Accordingly, the AR’s award of $5,000 for some minimal loss of goodwill
occasioned by the soiling of the plaintiff’s client’s documents and possible
delay in processing orders represented a reasonable estimate in the round.

Damages for distress and disappointment

14 Finally, as regards the plaintiff’s claim for damages for mental distress,
there was again a paucity of evidence. The plaintiff had only consulted a
neurologist five years after the incident. There was no evidence that the
plaintiff had sought treatment at any time prior thereto.

15 Apart from referring the plaintiff to a psychiatrist, all that the
neurologist could say in his report was that the plaintiff “seemed somewhat
depressed but otherwise normal”. The psychiatrist made a provisional diagnosis
of depression but, as the AR observed, there was no evidence of any follow-up
and no report followed.

16 In those circumstances, it would have been impossible to conclude, on a
balance of probabilities, that any mental distress (assuming there was) had
been caused by the incident five years earlier. The AR’s decision not to make
any award for mental distress could not be faulted.

17 For all the foregoing reasons, I dismissed the appeal with costs.

18 Finally, in regard to my order as to the costs below, there was a
disagreement between the parties as to what the AR intended when she ordered
costs to be taxed but failed to specify whom it was in favour of.

19 For the defendant, it was argued that as the AR’s award was, to her
knowledge, below what the defendant had earlier offered the plaintiff, the
learned AR must have intended costs to be for the defendant. This was
challenged by the plaintiff. In those circumstances, I decided that I would
determine the question afresh. I took account of the fact that the defendant’s
offer to settle had been made since 11 March 2005, more than two years before
the assessment of damages was disposed of by the AR. Although the offer to
settle was not in the form prescribed by O 22A r 1 of the Rules of Court (Cap
322, R5, 2006 Rev Ed), I was of the view that I was not precluded from taking
it into account. In the result, taking the middle ground, I ordered that there
be no order as to costs below.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 15 Feb 2008 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

