Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Teo Kim Hui and Another v Kwok Wai Hon  
[2008] SGHC 232

Case Number | : | OS 1121/2008  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 11 December 2008  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Lai Siu Chiu J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Chia Ti Lik (Chia Ngee Thuang & Co) for the plaintiffs; Leo Cheng Suan (Infinitus Law Corporation) for the defendant   
Parties | : |  Teo Kim Hui; Lim Ah Mui alias Lim Teck Seng — Kwok Wai Hon   
  
Civil Procedure – Appeals – Leave  
  

11 December 2008 |   
---|---  
  
Lai Siu Chiu J:

1 This was a case in which I refused to grant leave to a couple Teo Kim Hui
and Lim Ah Mui (“the plaintiffs”), to appeal to the Court of Appeal against my
dismissal of their Registrar’s Appeal from the subordinate courts. The
plaintiffs have now filed a notice of appeal (in Civil Appeal No. 145 of 2008)
against my decision.

2 The plaintiffs are the owners of No. 355 Balestiar Road #04-357, Goodwill
Mansion, Singapore. One Kwok Wai Hon (“the defendant”) is the owner of #03-357
which is located immediately below the plaintiffs’ unit. The defendant
complained of water seepage from the plaintiffs’ unit into his unit in early
October 2007.

3 The plaintiffs attempted to resolve the complaint amicably by getting
contractors to ascertain the source of the leakage. They did not agree with
the report of the chartered surveyor engaged by the defendant which stated
that the leakage was due to defective waterproofing membrane under the floor
finishes in the plaintiffs’ unit. The plaintiffs requested the leakage
detection division of the Public Utilities Board (“PUB unit”) to do remedial
work. Their request for the PUB unit to inspect the defendant’s unit was
denied. The plaintiffs apparently took steps to arrest and stop the leakage.
However the leak persisted.

4 When the plaintiffs failed to make good the leakage by late December 2007
and failed to paint the ceiling of #03-357 as the defendant demanded, the
latter commenced proceedings in MC Suit 1578 of 2008 (“the proceedings”) on 18
February 2008, claiming for loss and inconvenience including loss of rental.

5 The plaintiffs were advised that the law requires such disputes between
strata title unit owners to be brought before the Strata Titles Board (“the
Board”). Accordingly, they applied vide summons no. 2812 of 2008 (“the
application”) to strike out the proceedings under Order 18 r 19(1) of the
Rules of Court (Cap 322, R5, 2006 Rev Ed) (“the Rules”) on the ground that the
subordinate/magistrates courts have no jurisdiction to entertain the claim
which can only be dealt with by the Board pursuant to certain provisions in
the Building Maintenance and Strata Management Act (Cap 30C, 2008 Rev Ed)
(“the Act”). By then the plaintiffs had filed their defence denying liability,
putting the blame for the leak into the defendant’s flat on the management
corporation of Goodwill Mansion.

6 The deputy registrar of the subordinate courts dismissed the application and
the plaintiffs’ appeal against his decision to a district judge in chambers
(by way of Registrar’s Appeal No. 78 of 2008) was also dismissed. Suffice it
to say that the district judge accepted the submission of counsel for the
defendant (who was the plaintiff below) as I did, that the Board is merely an
alternative tribunal available to subsidiary proprietors who choose not to
litigate their disputes; it does not oust the jurisdiction of the subordinate
courts. There is no express provision in the Subordinate Courts Act (Cap 321
2007 Rev Ed) (“the SCA”) and/or the Act that excluded disputes between
subsidiary proprietors from being brought before the courts.

7 For purposes of this appeal, I adopt the reasoning of the district judge in
dismissing Registrar’s Appeal No. 78 of 2008 and shall not repeat his grounds
here (see his grounds of decision at [2008] SGMC 4).

8 The plaintiffs then appealed against the district judge’s decision to a
judge in chambers in the High Court by way of RA No. 51 of 2008 (“the RA”). I
heard and similarly dismissed the RA on 30 July 2008.

9 Under s 34(1)(c) of the Supreme Court of Judicature Act (Cap 322, 2007 Rev
Ed) (“the SCJA”), the plaintiffs should have written to my court with a
request for further arguments within seven days of my dismissal of the RA
_viz_ by 6 August 2008, prior to filing a notice of appeal. The plaintiffs
failed to do so. Instead, the plaintiffs attempted to file a notice of appeal
to the Court of Appeal on 8 August 2008, which notice was rejected for
technical reasons.

10 On 11 August 2008, the plaintiffs made a second attempt to file their
notice of appeal to the Court of Appeal. It was again rejected, this time for
the reason that leave was required to appeal to the Court of Appeal.

11 Consequently, the plaintiffs filed Originating Summons No. 1121 of 2008
(“the OS”) seeking leave of court under Order 56 r 3 of the Rules, to appeal
to the Court of Appeal (as the subject matter was below the threshold of
$250,000 stipulated under s 34(2)(a) of the SCJA) as well as for leave to
apply out time to appeal to the Court of Appeal. The OS came up for hearing
before me and was strenuously opposed by the defendant. I accepted the
arguments of counsel for the defendant that, contrary to the plaintiffs’
contention, there was no important question of law involved in the proceedings
that warranted the matter going to the Court of Appeal for determination.
Accordingly, I dismissed the OS with costs to the defendant.

**_The plaintiffs’ arguments_**

12 Counsel for the plaintiffs first relied on s 52 of SCA for the civil
jurisdiction of the magistrate’s court:

**Civil jurisdiction of Magistrates’ Courts**

52\. —(1) Subject to Rules of Court, a Magistrate’s Court shall have the
jurisdiction and powers conferred on a District Court by sections 20 (except
20 (1) (b)), 21, 29, 31 (1), 32 and 43 in any proceedings where the amount
claimed or the value of the subject-matter in dispute does not exceed the
Magistrate’s Court limit.

(2) In exercising its jurisdiction under subsection (1), a Magistrate’s Court
shall be subject to the same limitations and provisions as are applicable to a
District Court under this Act.

(3) The President may, after consulting the Chief Justice, by order vary the
Magistrate’s Court limit.

13 He then referred to s 21(1) of the SCA for the civil jurisdiction of the
district court:

**Jurisdiction in actions for recovery of money under any written law**

21 — (1) A District Court shall have jurisdiction to hear and try any action
for the recovery of a sum which is recoverable under any written law, if —

(a) it is not expressly provided by that or any other written law that such
sums shall be recoverable only in some other court; and

(b) the amount claimed in the action does not exceed the District Court limit.

14 Next, counsel placed reliance on ss 89(2), 101 and 116 of the Act. The
sections read as follows:

**Strata Titles Boards**

89 — (1) There shall be one or more Strata Titles Boards to be presided over
by a president or deputy president.

(2) Unless otherwise provided by this Act or the Land Titles (Strata) Act
(Cap. 158), a Board shall determine by mediation-arbitration every dispute of
which it has cognizance and every matter with respect to which it has
jurisdiction under this Act or that Act.

**General power to make orders to settle disputes or rectify complaints etc**

101 — (1) Subject to subsections (4), (6) and (7), a Board may, pursuant to an
application by a management corporation or subsidiary management corporation,
a subsidiary proprietor, mortgagee in possession, lessee or occupier of a lot
in a subdivided building, make an order for the settlement of a dispute, or
the rectification of a complaint, with respect to —

(a) any defect in a lot, a subdivided building or its common property or
limited common property;

(b) the liability of a subsidiary proprietor to bear the costs of or any part
thereof for any work carried out by a management corporation or subsidiary
management corporation, as the case may be, in the exercise of its powers or
performance of its duties or functions conferred or imposed by this Act or the
by-laws relating to the subdivided building or limited common property, as the
case may be; or

(c) the exercise or performance of, or the failure to exercise or perform, a
power, duty or function conferred or imposed by this Act or the by-laws
relating to the subdivided building or limited common property, as the case
may be.

**Board’s power to dismiss certain applications**

116 — A Board may dismiss an application under this Part if —

(a) the Board believes that the application is frivolous, vexatious,
misconceived or lacking in substance;

(b) the Board believes that a decision in favour of the applicant is not
within the jurisdiction of the Board;

(c) the Board believes that the applicant has unreasonably delayed the
provision of information required by the Board;

(d) in the case of an application made by any subsidiary proprietor of a lot,
the applicant has not paid all contributions levied and payable in relation to
the lot under this Act; or

(e) the Board believes that the case is suitable for mediation but the
mediation is pending at the time of application.

15 It was counsel’s contention therefore that interpreting s 52(2) in the
light of s 21(1)(a) of the SCA, a magistrate’s court has no jurisdiction to
hear a dispute between strata title owners which, in the light of s 89(2) of
the Act “shall” be determined by the Board and under s 101(1)(a) thereof, the
Board may make orders for the settlement of the dispute or under s 116
thereof, may dismiss an application made to it in varying circumstances
outlined under sub-paras (a) to (e).

16 Counsel added that the district judge who dismissed the plaintiffs’ appeal
in RA 78 of 2008 [6] erred in drawing an analogy with s 6(2) of the
International Arbitration Act (Cap 143A 2002 Rev Ed) (“the IAA”) which reads
as follows:

**Enforcement of international arbitration agreement**

6 ? (2) The court to which an application has been made in accordance with
subsection (1) shall make an order, upon such terms or conditions as it may
think fit, staying the proceedings so far as the proceedings relate to the
matter, unless it is satisfied that the arbitration agreement is null and
void, inoperative or incapable of being performed.

17 Counsel pointed out that there were vast differences between the situations
under the Act and those under the IAA. If there was an arbitration agreement
between parties, one party can apply to court to prevent the other party from
going to the courts to litigate any dispute between them, as arbitration
agreements confer enforceable rights between the parties.

18 It should be noted however that if a suit is commenced in contravention of
an arbitration agreement, unless the defendant applies to court to enforce the
arbitration clause, the jurisdiction of the courts remains as a stay of
proceedings is not automatic. Even when a party to an arbitration agreement
applies for a stay of proceedings, the court still retains a discretion
whether or not to grant a stay. Therefore, even the express provision in s
6(2) of the IAA does not automatically oust the jurisdiction of the courts.

19 The plaintiffs’ counsel argued that the situation is different for disputes
between subsidiary proprietors of strata title units who would be unlikely to
have made agreements to arbitrate. The arbitral tribunal for them is the Board
which is essentially a court specifically constituted to determine disputes
relating to building management and strata management conclusively. (The only
two areas where the Board has no jurisdiction are: (a) determination of title
to land and (b) offences committed under the Act which jurisdiction remains
with the subordinate courts).

20 Hence, under s 98 of the Act, no appeals lie to the High Court against an
order made by the Board except on a point of law.

21 There was therefore an important question of law to be decided as to
whether the proceedings should be tried before the Board. Counsel relied on
the following principles extracted from _Lee Kuan Yew v Tan Liang Hong_ [1997]
3 SLR 489 when leave to appeal is sought:-

(a) there must prima facie be an error of law;

(b) there must be a question of general principle decided for the first time;

(c) there must be a question of importance upon which further argument and a
decision of a higher tribunal would be to public advantage.

**_The defendant’s arguments_**

22 Counsel for the defendant objected to the OS relying on the same principles
in the authority cited by the plaintiffs in [21] and which were reiterated in
_Candid Water Cooler Pte Ltd v United Overseas Bank Ltd_ [2006] 3 SLR 216 at
[33]. He pointed out that:-

(a) there was no prima facie case of error. The exclusion of the Court must be
specifically stated in statute, for the Board to have exclusive jurisdiction
to hear such case:

(b) there was no general principle decided for the first time about the
exclusion or ouster of the courts’ jurisdiction; and

(c) there was no question of general importance or public advantage.

Decision

23 I accepted the defendant’s arguments. I noted further that the defendant’s
claim (which included a reduction/loss of rent of $600 per month) may not
exceed $10,000. Such a small claim did not merit further expenditure of time
and costs on the part of the parties nor should the Court of Appeal be
troubled over a minor dispute where no serious issues of law were involved
(_Goh Kim Heong and others v AT & J Co Pte Ltd_ [2001] 4 SLR 262).
Accordingly, I dismissed the OS with costs to the defendant.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 11 Dec 2008 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

