Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Gao Bin v OCBC Securities Pte Ltd  
[2008] SGHC 178

Case Number | : | Suit 224/2008, RA 341/2008  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 20 October 2008  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Choo Han Teck J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Deborah Barker SC and Ang Keng Ling (KhattarWong) for the plaintiff/appellant; Edwin Tong and Kristy Tan (Allen & Gledhill LLP) for the defendant/respondent   
Parties | : |  Gao Bin — OCBC Securities Pte Ltd   
  
Civil Procedure – Summary judgment – Stay of execution – Brokerage house
entering summary judgment against client – Client having subsisting claim
against brokerage house – Anti-setoff clause – Whether court should order stay  
  
Contract – Contractual terms – Unfair contract terms act – Whether anti-setoff
clause subject to Unfair Contracts Terms Act (Cap 396, 1994 Rev Ed)  
  

20 October 2008 |  Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Choo Han Teck J:

1 The plaintiff/appellant, Gao Bin, is the Chairman of Zhonghui Holdings Ltd
(“Zhonghui”), a company listed on the Singapore Exchange (SGX-ST). The
defendant/respondent, OCBC Securities Private Limited, is a well-known
brokerage house in Singapore. At all material times, the plaintiff maintained
the following securities accounts with the defendant:

a. Securities Borrowing Account (“SBL Account”);

b. Share Margin Account (“Margin Account”); and

c. Securities Trading Account.

2 The SBL Account is a credit facility which allows the account holder to
borrow shares and execute trades as the account holder chooses. The share
borrowings must be secured, and the account holder is contractually required
to maintain the ratio of the value of security provided, to the market value
of the total share borrowings at not less than 150%. As for the Margin
Account, it is likewise a credit facility and allows the account holder to
borrow funds and execute trades on the security of collateral deposited into
the Margin Account. Here, the account holder is contractually required to
maintain the ratio of the value of security to the value of loans at not less
than 140%.

3 The Margin Account was opened on 10 July 2006 while the SBL Account was
opened on 4 October 2006. From 5 October 2006 onwards, the plaintiff pledged a
portion of his shares in Zhonghui to the defendant as security in respect of
both the SBL Account as well as the Margin Account. Thereafter, the plaintiff
carried out trades on both the SBL Account and the Margin Account through his
remisier.

4 The defendant provided daily reports to the plaintiff’s remisier in respect
of the SBL Account (“Daily Holdings Report(s)”). These Daily Holding Reports
detailed, _inter alia_ , the number of shares held, the marginable value of
the share collateral, the amount of cash held and whether any cash and
security top up was required. Prior to 17 September 2007, the Daily Holding
Reports indicated that no cash or security top ups were required in respect of
the SBL Account. The Daily Holding Report issued on 17 September 2007 however
showed that the SBL Account was in a deficit position and that cash or
security top ups were required. In this regard, the defendant had acknowledged
that its administrative staff had made certain data entry errors in recording
share trades in relation to the SBL Account, although its position was that
the plaintiff was not entitled to and did not actually rely on the Daily
Holding Reports. The plaintiff, on the other hand, claimed that he had relied
on the Daily Holding Reports and had accordingly brought an action against the
defendant alleging, amongst others, breaches of contract and duty of care.

5 On its part, the defendant counterclaimed for $344,501.80 outstanding under
the Margin Account (“the Margin Claim”) and for $1,470,469.33 outstanding
under the SBL Account (“the SBL Claim”). Subsequently, the defendant applied
for summary judgment on its counterclaims against the plaintiff. The
defendant’s application was heard by an assistant registrar, who gave judgment
to the defendant. The plaintiff appealed against that decision.

Quantification of defendant’s counterclaims

6 One of the issues raised by the plaintiff was the quantification of the
defendant’s counterclaims. The plaintiff submitted that the burden of proving
the quantum of the defendant’s counterclaims lies with the defendant, and
further asserted that the reporting errors in relation to the SBL Account
would have an impact on the defendant’s computation of its claims. The first
point to note is that there were no errors in relation to the Margin Account.
Thus, any dispute in respect of the quantification of the counterclaims would
have to be confined to the SBL Account. The computation provided by the
defendant for the SBL Claim is as follows:

(1) Market purchase of borrowed securities |  $1,708,296.99  
---|---  
(2) Cash deficit accrued |  $138,518.89  
(3) Less: Proceeds from sale of collateral |  ($376,346.55)  
Total |  $1,470,469.33  
  
7 It is settled law that a claimant must be able to prove his loss. As can be
seen from the above, the SBL Claim consists of three parts. There can be no
dispute over the computation of (3), it being the proceeds from the sale of
the pledged collateral. As for (1), the defendant avers that the sum was
arrived at as a result of market purchases of 62,000 SGX and 191,000
CapitaLand shares borrowed but unreturned by the plaintiff. The loans of these
shares were reflected in the SBL Account’s Statement of Account for the month
October 2007. No further trades were executed in this account since that month
(save for the subsequent buy-ins). Head (2) relates to the cash deficit
accrued on the SBL Account. Altogether, the deficit of $1,470,469.33 was
reflected in the Daily Holding Report dated 17 April 2008, and the defendant’s
Head of Credit Risk had confirmed in an affidavit that the plaintiff was
liable to the defendant for the amount of $1,470,469.33. _Prima facie_ , there
is therefore evidence on record that the plaintiff was indebted to the
defendant for the sum of $1,470,469.33.

8 The main weakness in the plaintiff’s case was his failure to challenge the
sum arrived at by the defendant. As the defendant had pointed out, the
plaintiff had actual knowledge of the trades done under the SBL Account and
would have received contract notes from SGX-ST in respect of each day’s shares
transactions on a contemporaneous basis. These contract notes would have
confirmed the plaintiff’s own knowledge of the trades done and the details
thereof. The plaintiff would therefore have known the position of his holdings
in the SBL Account on a day-to-day basis. This meant that at any time after
receipt of the contract notes, the plaintiff would be in a position to
challenge the computations arrived at by the defendant. The plaintiff could
also have reconstructed his own accounts from the contract notes. That being
the case, a bare denial of the defendant’s claim on the plaintiff’s part would
clearly be futile. Thus, while there might be a possibility that the
defendant’s computations might have been tainted by the earlier reporting
errors, without any input from the plaintiff, I am of the view that the
defence raised by the plaintiff was at best a shadowy one.

Anti-setoff clause

9 The other substantive issue raised by the plaintiff was that its claim
against the defendant meant that it had a right of equitable set-off against
the defendant’s counterclaim. There are however several obstacles that the
plaintiff must surmount in order to succeed. The first is that it must show
that its claim and the defendant’s counterclaims arose from the same
transaction or are closely connected with one another: see _Pacific Rim
Investments v Lam Seng Tiong_ [1995] 3 SLR 1.

10 In _Abdul Salam Asanaru Pillai v Nomanbhoy & Sons Pte Ltd_ [2007] 2 SLR 856
at [28], Sundaresh Menon JC made the following observations which I thought
are apposite:

… The question of whether a sufficient degree of closeness is established in
the connection between the respective claims is not determined by some sort of
formulaic process. In each case, the question turns on whether the respective
claims are so closely connected that it would offend one’s sense of fairness
or justice to allow one claim to be enforced without regard to the other.

11 On the facts before me, I do not see any relevant connection between the
plaintiff’s claim and the defendant’s counterclaims. The former was
essentially a claim for either breach of contract or in tort for
misrepresentation which had allegedly led to the plaintiff’s trading losses,
while the latter were for the repayment of shares and/or monies borrowed by
the plaintiff.

12 The other difficulty for the plaintiff is cl 6(c) of the defendant’s
standard terms and conditions:

The payment of monies by you to us hereunder shall be made in immediately
available and freely transferable funds, without set-off, counterclaim or
other deductions or withholdings of any nature whatsoever and shall be made
free and clear and without deduction for any present or future taxes.

Relying on _Steward Gill Ltd v Horatio Myer & Co Ltd_ [1992] 1 QB 600 (“
_Stewart Gill_ ”) and _Esso Petroleum Co Ltd v Milton_ [1997] 1 WLR 938 (“
_Esso Petroleum_ ”), the plaintiff argued that cl 6(c) was unenforceable as it
did not satisfy the Unfair Contract Terms Act (Cap 396, 1994 Rev Ed) (“UCTA”)
requirement of reasonableness. It also sought to distinguish the
mortgagor/mortgagee cases relied on by the defendant as being excluded from
the UCTA by way of the First Schedule as they relate to the “creation or
transfer of securities”.

13 I do not think that the UCTA could apply to cl 6(c). A key pre-requisite
under the UCTA is that a contractual term must be one which “exclude(s) or
restrict(s) any liability”. In _Stewart Gill_ , the clause in question had two
additional items, namely, “payment” and “credit”. Donaldson LJ thought that
“payment” would mean overpayment under another contract and “credit” meant
“credit note” or an admitted liability under another contract. As for _Esso
Petroleum_ , the clause in question had the additional item “unpaid debts”,
which is essentially a crystallised liability. Thus, it might be possible to
construe “any liability” under the UCTA to include a crystallised or admitted
liability under another contract or transaction. This is however not the case
here, as the purported liability was disputed and related to a liquidated
claim.

14 On the other hand, it is evident that cl 6(c) does not purport to restrict
any liability on the defendant’s part as the plaintiff is fully entitled to
pursue its action against the defendant. In _The Fedora_ [1986] 2 Lloyd’s Rep
441 (“ _The Fedora_ ”), the clause in question was as follows:

All payments by the Guarantor under this Guarantee shall be made without set-
off or counterclaim and without deductions or withholdings whatsoever in the
currency and manner in which and to the account to which payments are to be
made by the Borrowers under the Agreement.

Parker LJ, in delivering the judgment of the English Court of Appeal, said at
p 443–444:

On the face of them these clauses are clear enough but it is submitted that
they do not apply to exclude a set off of counterclaim based on negligence.
This argument is advanced on the basis that the clauses should be treated in
the same way as exclusion clauses and thus that they do not apply to claims by
way of set off or counterclaim which are based on negligence since – (a) such
claims are not specifically excluded; (b) in the absence of the word
“whatsoever” the general words are insufficient to include claims in
negligence; (c) to exclude from their operation claims based on negligence
would not rob the clauses of all effect.

There are two initial difficulties in the way of this submission. The first is
that there is no good reason for treating such clauses in the same way as
exclusion clauses. The latter purport to exclude liability altogether. These
clauses do not touch liability. The guarantors can still prosecute their
claims to judgment. They are, if the clauses are effective, merely prevented
from holding up payments admittedly due under the guarantees whilst disputed
cross-claims are litigated. This being so the principle which lies behind the
narrow construction given to exclusion clauses, that specific words or the use
of all embracing words such as “whatsoever” are necessary to enable to exclude
liability for his own negligence has no application.

In _Society of Lloyds v Leighs_ [1997] 6 Re LR 289, the English Court of
Appeal reached the same conclusion on a similar clause, at p 298:

We should re-emphasize that the clause does not seek to exclude or limit
liability for fraud. Its purpose, as Colman J pointed out, is to insulate
recovery of the premium from claims by those who owe the premium. We know of
no principle of law that should lead us to construe the words of the clause so
as to exclude from its ambit any claim based or allegedly based on fraud.

In short, this all means that the UCTA has no application as cl 6(c) has no
bearing whatsoever on the defendant’s liability. This would be so even if the
plaintiff’s claim was for fraudulent misrepresentation. There is therefore no
basis for this court to strike down cl 6(c).

Stay of execution

15 The court has the inherent jurisdiction to order a stay of execution. In
determining whether to grant a stay in circumstances such as the present, the
court would ordinarily consider the degree of connection between the opposing
claims, the strength of the claim and the financial ability of the plaintiff
to satisfy the counterclaim. The court will also consider the fact that a stay
order will effectively require a successful party to wait for its money: see
_Singapore Civil Procedure 2007_ (Sweet & Maxwell Asia, 2007) at p 145.

16 The last point is important. The defendant is a company in the business of
providing full brokerage services for equities and derivatives trading. As
events in the past few weeks have shown, the ability to access liquid funds is
paramount to the well-being of banks and financial institutions. It is
therefore not difficult to see why cl 6(c) states that a client must make
payment in “immediately available and freely transferable funds” and without
set-off or counterclaim. The defendant can hardly afford the luxury of having
monies due to it to be tied-up pending a potentially lengthy counter-claim. In
this regard, the observations by Parker LJ in _The Fedora_ at p 445 are
relevant and helpful:

Indeed the present cases make it the more necessary that the Court should not
interfere, for here the parties have specifically provided both in the loan
agreement and the guarantees that payment should be made free of any set off
or counterclaim. It would defeat the whole commercial purpose of the
transaction, would be out of touch with business realities and would keep the
bank waiting for a payment, which both the borrowers and the guarantors
intended that it should have, whilst protracted proceedings on the alleged
counterclaims were litigated. We do not doubt that the Court has a discretion
to grant a stay but it should in our view be “rarely if ever” exercised, as
Lord Dilhorne said in relation to claims on bills of exchange. Guarantees such
as these are the equivalent of letters of credit and only in exceptional
circumstances should the Court exercise its power to stay execution. The fact
that a counterclaim which was likely to succeed existed would not by itself be
enough, as Lord Justice Buckley pointed out.

17 The exceptional circumstances referred to by Parker LJ where a stay might
be granted would include a situation where a defendant, if paid, would be
unable to meet a judgment on the subsisting claim. Although I note that there
are cases which have upheld the validity of an anti-setoff clause even in the
face of alleged fraud, in my opinion, if the plaintiff is able to demonstrate,
at the outset, a very strong _prima facie_ case of fraud, then that might also
suffice. Otherwise, I am of the opinion that a term such as cl 6(c) would
represent an insuperable obstacle to any request for a stay.

Conclusion

18 The plaintiff has raised several other points which I do not propose to
deal with, save to say that they have little bearing on my decision. For all
of the foregoing reasons, I order that summary judgment be entered on the
Margin Claim against the plaintiff for the sum of $344,501.80 with interest,
and as for the SBL Claim, the plaintiff is to granted leave to defend on the
condition that he pays the sum of $1,470,469.33 into court or by way of a
banker’s guarantee satisfactory to the defendant. I will hear the parties on
costs at a later date.

19 Counsel for both parties sent several letters to the court after the
hearing on 26 September 2008, advancing further arguments and counter
arguments. This appears to be an increasingly popular practice by lawyers
generally, not just present counsel. Counsel are reminded that they should
obtain leave before making such further submissions, and should leave be
granted, to file the submissions in the proper form.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 20 Oct 2008 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

