Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Tan Hee Liang v Chief Assessor and Another  
[2008] SGCA 43

Case Number | : | CA 1/2008  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 28 October 2008  
Tribunal/Court | : | Court of Appeal  
Coram | : |  Choo Han Teck J; Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA; V K Rajah JA   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Tan Hee Joek (Drew & Napier LLC) for the appellant; Julia Mohamed (Inland Revenue Authority of Singapore) for the respondents   
Parties | : |  Tan Hee Liang — Chief Assessor; Comptroller of Property Tax   
  
Revenue Law – Property tax – Annual value – Whether Chief Assessor correct in
not excluding from gross rental contributions payable towards sinking fund and
special levy – Sections 2(1), 2(7) Property Tax Act (Cap 254, 2005 Rev Ed)  
  

28 October 2008 |  Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA (delivering the judgment of the court):

**Introduction**

1 This is an appeal from the decision of the High Court judge (“the Judge”)
dismissing the appellant’s appeal from the decision of the Valuation Review
Board (“the Board”) (see the High Court judgment in _Tan Hee Liang v Chief
Assessor_ (“the Judgment”) reported at [2008] 1 SLR 586). The appellant is the
owner of a shop unit (“the subject property”) and, essentially, his case
centred on the correct amount to be excluded from the total monthly rental
(“gross rental”) in the ascertainment of the annual value (for taxation
purposes) of the subject property. The respondents are the Chief Assessor and
the Comptroller of Property Tax.

2 As characterised by the parties, the sole issue before us is whether, in
arriving at the annual value, the Chief Assessor was correct in not excluding
from the gross rental the contributions payable by the appellant towards a
sinking fund and a special levy. However, the simplicity of this
characterisation obscures what is really a difficult exercise in both concept
and logic. As can perhaps be appreciated, this case raises interesting issues
regarding the correct meaning to be given to the expression “annual value” as
found in s 2(1) of the Property Tax Act (Cap 254, 2005 Rev Ed) (“PTA”).

3 However, whatever meaning is eventually ascribed to the particular provision
must also take into account the prevailing tax assessment practices of the
relevant authorities, lest unwarranted confusion be unintentionally caused. As
such, after we first heard the parties, we invited them to tender additional
written submissions on s 2(1) of the PTA. The Chief Assessor submitted
additional submissions on 16 May 2008, with the appellant filing submissions
in reply two weeks later. We took these additional submissions into account in
reaching the decision detailed in this judgment.

**Facts leading to legal proceedings**

4 Having provided the brief backdrop to the present appeal, we come now to the
facts. The facts leading to the institution of legal proceedings are
relatively simple and can be stated within a brief compass. As we briefly
alluded to above, the appellant is the owner of the subject property which is
specifically located within a shopping complex, City Plaza, which in turn is
located at 810 Geylang Road, Singapore 409286.

5 As such, and this is common ground between the parties, the appellant pays
separate quarterly contributions to: (a) a management fund (referred by the
parties as contributions to a “maintenance fund”); (b) a sinking fund; and (c)
a special levy imposed by the City Plaza Management Corporation Strata Title
Plan No 669 (“the MCST”). The MCST also refers to payments to the management
fund, _viz_ , category (a) above, as the “maintenance contributions”. For
consistency, we shall refer to the payments to the fund under category (a) as
“payments to the management fund” in this judgment.

6  In the present case, the subject property was let to a tenant at a gross
rental of $4,000, making an annual rental of $48,000. Under cl 30(b) of the
tenancy agreement, the landlord was to bear all rates, assessments, property
tax (but not goods and services tax) and all other outgoings imposed upon or
payable in respect of the subject property and to insure the same against
fire. It is common ground between the appellant and the Chief Assessor that
there is deemed included in the gross rental the payments made by the
appellant to the management fund, the sinking fund and the special levy.

7 In assessing the annual value of the property at $45,600, the Chief Assessor
allowed to be excluded the appellant’s payments to the management fund of
approximately $2,400 per year but not those towards the sinking fund and the
special levy. In other words, the Chief Assessor had decided that
contributions made by the appellant towards the sinking fund and the special
levy were not to be excluded from the gross rental in the calculation of the
annual value, whereas payments to the management fund were allowed to be
excluded.

8 Being dissatisfied with the Chief Assessor’s decision to allow only the
payments to the management fund to be excluded from the assessment of the
annual value and not allow those contributions payable towards the sinking
fund and the special levy to be excluded, the appellant commenced a series of
legal proceedings which culminated in the present appeal.

**The appeals to the Board and the High Court**

9 The appellant first appealed against the Chief Assessor’s decision to the
Board. The Board dismissed the appellant’s appeal and the appellant appealed
against the Board’s decision to the High Court. As the arguments raised and
considered in the proceedings below are of some utility to understanding the
true nature of the issues raised before us, we propose to detail them at some
length. We should mention that the arguments raised before the Board and the
High Court are largely identical.

**_The parties’ arguments below_**

_The rationale behind exclusion of payments to the management fund_

10 Both the appellant and the Chief Assessor agreed before the Board and the
High Court that, in the computation of the annual value, the appellant’s
payments to the management fund should be _excluded_. However, the _rationale_
for the exclusion of this component was not agreed upon by both parties. As
will be seen later, it is this conceptual difference that the issue raised in
the present appeal can be said to stem from.

11 The appellant’s position was that payments to the management fund should be
excluded, as such payments were _unrelated to the subject property_ since they
related only to the common property and _not_ to the subject property. There
was thus an attempt to differentiate between common property and individual
property privately owned by individuals. On the other hand, the Chief Assessor
argued that the reason why payments to the management fund should be excluded
was that this component was _for payment for “services”_ , and the case
authorities, such as the 1959 High Court decision of _Chartered Bank v The
City Council of Singapore_ [1959-1986] SPTC 1 (“ _Chartered Bank_ ”), stated
that such payments should be excluded.

_Arguments in respect of exclusion of payments towards sinking fund and
special levy_

12 Following from the parties’ dispute on the rationale behind why payments to
the management fund should be excluded in the computation of the annual value,
the parties were (and are) in dispute as to whether the appellant’s payments
towards the sinking fund and special levy should be excluded as well.

(1) The Chief Assessor’s arguments

13 The Chief Assessor took the position that the payments towards the sinking
fund and the special levy should _not_ be excluded because these payments,
unlike the appellant’s payments to the management fund, were not payments for
services but for expenses _for maintenance and repair_. The Chief Assessor
argued that since the statutory definition of “annual value” in s 2(1) of the
PTA specifically stated that the landlord had to bear the expenses of repair
and maintenance, the payments towards the sinking fund and special levy must
be included in the computation of the annual value. The Chief Assessor further
took the position that no distinction should be drawn between payments towards
repair and maintenance of the subject property and of the common property.

14 The Chief Assessor attempted to find support in this court’s decision in
_MCST Plan Nos 1298 and 1304 v Chief Assessor_ [2006] 4 SLR 404 (“
_Centrepoint Shopping Centre_ ”) for the argument that, since the subsidiary
proprietor of an individual lot owns a part of the common property under s 13
of the Land Titles (Strata) Act (Cap 158, 1999 Rev Ed) (“LTSA”) and the
determination of the annual value of an individual lot would invariably take
into account the enjoyment to be derived from facilities and amenities forming
part of the common property, it would be wrong to exclude the payments for
maintenance and repair even though they related to the common property.

(2) The appellant’s arguments

15 The appellant took the position before the Board and the High Court that
the payments towards the sinking fund and the special levy should be excluded
because these payments were _unrelated_ to the rent or the letting of the
subject property, being payments _towards the common property_ , just like the
appellant’s payments to the management fund.

16 The appellant relied on this court’s decision in _BCH Retail Investment Pte
Ltd v Chief Assessor_ [2007] 2 SLR 580 (“ _BCH No 2_ ”) to support his
argument that payments towards the sinking fund and the special levy were
unrelated to the rent or the letting of the subject property as they were
payments in relation to the common property and not the subject property. As
it was not the common property, but the subject property, that was being
assessed for property tax, the appellant argued that payments that were
related to the common property should be excluded since such payments were
unrelated to the rent or the letting of the subject property.

**_The Board’s decision_**

17 The Board upheld the Chief Assessor’s decision based on the following three
grounds:

(a) A “common law service charge exception” was established in _Chartered
Bank_ ([11] _supra_). The sinking fund and the special levy were collected for
purposes beyond the provision of services or profit on those services. Thus,
payments to the sinking fund and the special levy did not fall within the
categories decided by the High Court in _Chartered Bank_ or in _BCH Retail
Investment Pte Ltd v Chief Assessor_ [2002] 4 SLR 844 (“ _BCH No 1_ ”).

(b) It was impermissible for the appellant, relying on the English Court of
Appeal decision of _Bell Property Trust, Limited v Assessment Committee for
the Borough of Hampstead_ [1940] 2 KB 543 (“ _Bell Property Trust_ ”), to
extend the service charge exception established by _Chartered Bank_ and _BCH
No 1_. _Bell Property Trust_ was decided prior to the introduction of the
commonhold system (the English equivalent of our strata titles system) and was
hence inapplicable to our strata titles system in so far as the judgment in
that case assumed that only the payments for the area within the apartment
could be taken into account. It therefore differentiated between rent paid for
actual occupation of the flat and the remuneration for the benefit of services
and amenities provided by the landlord. The Board was also of the view that
Goddard LJ in _Bell_ _Property Trust_ was relying upon such an assumption when
he held at 556 that the cost of repairs to “common parts” was deductible.

(c) To differentiate the maintenance of the common parts from that within the
four walls of the strata unit would be out of sync with the PTA, LTSA and this
court’s decision in _Centrepoint Shopping Centre_.

18 As can be seen, the Board accepted the Chief Assessor’s arguments that it
had to be determined if the payments for the sinking fund and the special levy
fell within the common law service charge exception. The Board did not analyse
if the payments were related to the rent or the letting of the subject
property (pursuant to _BCH No 2_) in deciding whether the payments should be
excluded from the computation of annual value of the subject property.
However, no fault should be attached to the Board for not having done so as
_BCH No 2_ was only decided _after_ the Board had considered the appellant’s
appeal before it.

**_The High Court’s decision_**

19 The Judge accepted the appellant’s arguments and rejected the
abovementioned three grounds of the Board for upholding the Chief Assessor’s
decision not to exclude the payments towards the sinking fund and the special
levy from the computation of the annual value of the subject property.
Notwithstanding this, the Judge agreed with the _conclusion_ argued for by the
Chief Assessor (and of the Board, which upheld the Chief Assessor’s decision)
in that contributions to the sinking fund and the special levy ought _not_ to
be excluded, but reached this conclusion by a _different process of reasoning_
, which, in our view, can broadly be divided into two separate parts.

_First part of the Judgment: Following the decision in_ BCH No 2

20 In the first part of the Judgment, the Judge disagreed with the reasoning
of both the Board and the Chief Assessor and held (at [31] of the Judgment)
that the contributions to the sinking fund and the special levy, as well as
the payments to the management fund, “are unrelated to the elements of rent or
letting of the [subject] property”. In other words, the Judge saw no reason to
distinguish between contributions towards the sinking fund and the special
levy from the payments to the management fund.

21 Specifically, the Judge’s reasons for rejecting all three grounds of the
Board (see [17] above) were as follows:

(a) The Board took too restrictive a view when it limited allowable
“deductions” to what it called the “service charge exception” established by
_Chartered Bank_ and _BCH No 1_. This court’s decision in _BCH No 2_ made it
clear that what was to be excluded in the determination of annual value was
remuneration of any kind paid by the tenant which was unrelated to the
elements of rent or letting.

(b) _Bell Property Trust_ could not be said to be inapplicable in the context
of Singapore’s strata title system. This case was followed by the High Court
in _BCH No 1_ and referred to by this court in _BCH No 2_. From s 2(7) of the
PTA and the decision of this court in _Centrepoint Shopping Centre_ ([14]
_supra_), the “annual value” of the individual lot still referred only to the
gross amount at which the individual lot could reasonably be expected to be
let; the expenses of repair, insurance, maintenance or upkeep, _etc_ , which
might be included in such gross amount, all related to the individual lot.

(c) The Board’s reasoning, that to differentiate the maintenance of the common
parts from that within the four walls of the strata unit would be out of sync
with the approach of the LTSA, PTA and this court’s decision in _Centrepoint
Shopping Centre_ , was incorrect.

22 As a result of the reasoning set out above, the Judge rejected the Chief
Assessor’s arguments that the payments towards the sinking fund and the
special levy were related to rent or letting and that a distinction should be
drawn between the payments to the management fund and those to the sinking
fund or the special levy.

23 The Judge also accepted the appellant’s submission that no principled
distinction could be drawn between payments to the management fund (which the
Chief Assessor allowed to be excluded) and those to the sinking fund or the
special levy (which the Chief Assessor disallowed). The Judge accepted that
_all_ of these items were _unrelated_ to the elements of rent or the letting
of the subject property, _ie_ , the individual lot. At [31] of the Judgment,
the Judge stated:

On that basis, it ought to follow that no principled distinction could be
drawn between contributions to the management fund or (as the parties call it)
maintenance contributions (which the Chief Assessor allowed to be excluded)
and those to the sinking fund or the special levy (which he disallowed). All
of them are unrelated to the elements of rent or letting of the property, _ie_
, the strata lot.

24 On that basis, one would have thought that the Judge would then rule in the
appellant’s favour. Indeed, it ought then to have followed that, since
payments to the management fund were excluded, the same should have applied to
the contributions towards the sinking fund and the special levy as well. As it
turned out, the Judge held that it was insufficient for the appellant to
demonstrate _only_ that the contributions to the sinking fund or the special
levy were unrelated to the elements of rent or the letting of the subject
property in order for them to be excluded from the annual value. This formed
the focus of the _second part_ of the Judgment.

_Second part of the Judgment: A further requirement_

25 In the second part of the Judgment, the Judge held that the appellant had
to satisfy a _further requirement_ to the effect that the payment by the
tenant must, in character and quantum, be _bona fide_ in return for something
other than the use and occupation of the subject property, _viz_ , that the
_tenant_ derived a service or benefit from the said payment (“the further
requirement”); if no such benefit was forthcoming, then there would be no
justification for excluding the payment or the relevant part from the gross
rental in arriving at the annual value.

26 The Judge reasoned that if the landlord could not show that the _tenant_
derived a service or benefit for the payment, the consideration for the
payment _must_ be for the letting and the payment should therefore not be
excluded in the ascertainment of the annual value. Explaining his reasons
further, the Judge drew a distinction between “painting, repairs to the common
property” and “the installation of additional facilities … for the benefit of
the subsidiary proprietors”, as follows (at [36] and [37] of the Judgment):

Unlike painting, repairs to the common property or renewal or replacement of
fixtures and fittings where necessary (as envisaged in s 29(1)(_b_) of the
BMSM Act [Building Maintenance and Strata Management Act (Act 47 of 2004)]),
expenditure from the sinking fund could extend to the installation of
additional facilities or the making of improvements to the common property for
the benefit of the subsidiary proprietors constituting the management
corporation (as envisaged in s 29(1)(_d_) of the BMSM Act). Contributions
towards expenditure for the former would qualify for exclusion in the same way
that:

(a) in _Bell Property Trust_ … the cost of repairs to and maintenance of the
parts of the building not demised to the tenants were allowed; and

(b) in _Chartered Bank_ … depreciation of the air-conditioning plant and
ducting and the lift and fire extinguishers were allowed.

On the other hand, contributions towards expenditure for the latter (ie,
additional facilities and improvements) would, in my view, not qualify for
exclusion as they are, principally at least, for the benefit of the subsidiary
proprietors.

27 In the result, the Judge determined that the tenant did not derive any
service or benefit from the payments to the sinking fund and special levy and
therefore dismissed the appellant’s appeal from the Board’s decision. In other
words, the Judge upheld the Chief Assessor’s decision not to exclude the
payments towards the sinking fund and the special levy from the computation of
the annual value.

**The arguments before us**

**_The appellant’s arguments_**

28 Before us, the appellant did not take issue with the Judge’s treatment of
the legal issues in the first part of the Judgment. Indeed, according to Mr
Tan Hee Joek, counsel for the appellant, the Judge had in fact accepted and
adopted a large portion of the appellant’s submissions below in this regard.
Instead, and not surprisingly, the appellant was dissatisfied with the
_second_ part of the Judgment, _viz_ , the imposition of the further
requirement.

29 Thus, reduced to its core, the appellant’s argument was premised on a
single proposition: The Judge erred in imposing the further requirement that
the payment sum in dispute be of service or benefit to the tenant. To this
there were in fact several sub-arguments. First, the appellant submitted that
the need for the further requirement was not argued before the Judge. It was a
requirement which the Judge had imposed without the input of either party.
While there might be cases where such a practice was without fault, it was
urged upon us that where the outcome of a case turned on a particular point,
the parties must be given the opportunity to address the court on it. Thus, in
the instant case, where the Judge had failed to do this, it would be
manifestly unfair to the appellant for the case to have been decided against
him on a point not argued by either party.

30 The second sub-argument on the main premise was substantive in nature.
According to the appellant, the necessity of the further requirement was
unsupported by authority. To support this proposition, the appellant referred
extensively to the established case law to show that, even in cases where
there had been no benefit conferred on the tenant by way of a payment, the
courts had not disallowed the exclusion of such payment. The overarching
reason, it was implicitly argued, must be the guiding principle that only
payments related to rent or letting could be included in the ascertainment of
the annual value.

31 _Alternatively_ , in lieu of the main premise described above, it was
submitted by the appellant before us that, _even if_ the Judge was correct
that there was in law the further requirement, this requirement was in fact
fulfilled on the facts and based on the Judge’s own analysis at [36] and [37]
of the Judgment.

**_The Chief Assessor’s arguments_**

32 The Chief Assessor’s arguments, on the other hand, were premised on “two
prongs”.

_First prong of the Chief Assessor’s arguments_

33 The first prong was essentially that payments towards the sinking fund and
special levy were expenses that _were related_ to elements of rent and letting
and should not be excluded because these payments were expenses for
maintenance and repair, unlike the appellant’s payments to the management fund
which were “payments for services”. This ostensibly militates _against_ the
Judge’s reasoning in the first part of his decision. While there was no formal
cross-appeal as such by the Chief Assessor, reliance was placed on O 57 r
9A(5) of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2006 Rev Ed ) to make this
submission against the first part of the Judge’s decision. This particular
provision allows a respondent to specify his desire to contend on an appeal
that the decision of the court below should be varied in the event of the
appeal being allowed in whole or in part, or that the decision of that court
should be affirmed on grounds other than those relied upon by that court, even
though the said respondent had not appealed from the decision of the court
below.

34 Returning to the first prong of the Chief Assessor’s arguments before us,
it was said that the expression “the landlord paying the expenses of repair,
insurance, maintenance or upkeep and all taxes (other than goods and services
tax)” (“the qualifying words”) in that part of s 2(1) of the PTA defining
“annual value” meant that, in ascertaining the annual value of the property,
expenses incurred for repair, insurance, maintenance or upkeep and all taxes
(other than goods and services tax) were to be _included_ in the
ascertainment. Accordingly, as the uses of both the sinking fund and the
special levy were for either repairs or maintenance to the common property,
these were properly the responsibility of the landlord and, as such, _should
not be excluded_ from the gross rental in the ascertainment of the annual
value.

35 Before us, counsel for the Chief Assessor, Ms Julia Mohamed, further
explained that the reason why the payments to the management fund in the
present case were _excluded_ from the computation of the annual value was
because these had to do with “services” and hence came within the exception
created in _Chartered Bank_ ([11] _supra_). However, when asked whether
_Chartered Bank_ in fact correctly stood for such a proposition given that
some of the exclusions allowed in that case were in fact hardly “services” but
resembled maintenance instead, Ms Mohamed departed from her written
submissions and urged us to consider the correctness of _Chartered Bank_
itself. In this respect, she submitted that there was in fact _no basis_ to
treat payments to the management fund any differently from contributions to
the sinking fund and the special levy, and that instead of excluding payments
to the management fund, these ought instead to have been _included_. This was
notwithstanding the _apparently prevailing practice_ of the tax authorities to
exclude contributions to funds such as the management fund in the present case
from the ascertainment of the annual value of the subject property.

_Second prong of the Chief Assessor’s arguments_

36 The second prong of the Chief Assessor’s argument was simply to agree with
the Judge’s finding that the further requirement was necessary and that the
appellant had not succeeded on this requirement based on the facts of the
present appeal.

**The issues before us**

37 By the end of the hearing before us, and having set out the parties’
arguments in some detail in the preceding paragraphs, it is apparent that the
single issue raised by both parties as being the “sole” issue for our
determination in fact consisted of several sub-issues, none of which can
swiftly be described as simple.

38 First, what is the function of the qualifying words (see [34] above)? This
is especially important, given that the qualifying words have hitherto been
authoritatively interpreted to mean that such contributions coming within the
terms of the qualifying words ought to be included instead of excluded. We
also understand from Ms Mohamed that the former interpretation represents the
current practice of the relevant authorities.

39 Secondly, does the fact that these sums relate to the common property take
them out of the ambit of the definition of “annual value” within the meaning
of limb (a) of the definition in s 2(1) of the PTA (see [42] below) in the
first instance inasmuch as the concept of annual value is not intended to
embrace any sums related to the common property as such? If the answer is in
the affirmative, then that would conclude the present appeal in favour of the
appellant inasmuch as both these sums (_viz_ , the special levy and the
sinking fund contributions) have nothing to do with the definition or concept
of “annual value” within the meaning of the PTA. In other words, even if we
find that contributions towards maintenance funds (such as the management
fund) ought to be included owing to the qualifying words in s 2(1) of the PTA,
the next question is whether maintenance contributions towards the common
property (as opposed to the individual lot) ought to be included. This begs
the further (and more fundamental) question: Can a sensible and conceptually
defensible distinction be drawn between common property and individual lots
for the purposes of tax assessment in a strata development such as City Plaza,
which is the development at the heart of the present case? If, however, the
answer is in the negative, that would not necessarily or automatically
conclude the present appeal in favour of the respondents because the
respondents might be unable to demonstrate that the aforementioned sums fall
within the qualifying words and, if so, such sums would not be subject to
property tax within the meaning of the PTA.

40 Thirdly, _assuming_ that a distinction can be drawn between common and
individual properties in a strata development, how does this affect the
assessment of tax given that the two, while structurally separate (so assumed
at present), nonetheless interact in a very real sense? In answering this
question, one should also bear in mind what this court said in _BCH No 2_ to
be the very premise underlying the ascertainment of annual value, _viz_ , the
relation to the rent or letting of the subject property, which in turn
approximates to the _real value_ of the property.

41 We now consider each of these issues in turn.

**The qualifying words**

**_The definition of “annual value”_**

42 We start first with the statutory definition of “annual value”. According
to Leung Yew Kwong & Mani Usilappan, _Property Tax in Singapore and Malaysia_
(Butterworths Asia, 2nd Ed, 1997) at p 39, the annual property tax payable for
a property is the product of the annual value and the tax rate. As such, the
annual value is an integral factor to be taken into account when calculating
the tax payable in respect of a property. “Annual value” is defined in s 2(1)
of the PTA as follows:

**Interpretation**

**2.** —(1) In this Act, unless the context otherwise requires —

…

“annual value” —

(_a_) in relation to a house or building or land or tenement, not being a
wharf, pier, jetty or landing-stage, means the gross amount at which the same
can reasonably be expected to be let from year to year, the landlord paying
the expenses of repair, insurance, maintenance or upkeep and all taxes (other
than goods and services tax); and

(_b_) in relation to a wharf, pier, jetty or landing-stage, means the gross
amount at which the same can reasonably be expected to be let from year to
year, the tenant paying the expenses of repair, insurance, maintenance or
upkeep[.]

**_The function of the qualifying words_**

43 From the above definition of “annual value”, it can be seen that the sub-
category of properties comprising “wharf, pier, jetty or landing-stage” is
treated differently from that category of properties comprising “house or
building or land or tenement”. For the latter category of properties which
comprise the bulk of the properties in the Valuation List, the annual value
would _include_ the element of the landlord’s expenses for repair, insurance,
maintenance or upkeep and all taxes. For the former category of properties,
the annual value would include the landlord’s taxes but not the expenses for
repair, insurance, maintenance or upkeep. To illustrate this point in relation
to the category comprising “house or building or land or tenement”, the
authors of _Property Tax in Singapore and Malaysia_ helpfully provide an
illustration, as follows (at p 40):

(1) An unfurnished house is let at $22,000 per annum with the landlord paying
the property tax and insurance and the tenant paying the expenses of repair
and maintenance. Similar unfurnished houses in the neighbourhood are generally
let at $24,000 per annum with the landlord paying all the expenses of property
tax, repair, maintenance and insurance. _The annual value of each house will
be $24,000_. [emphasis added]

44 In this respect, the function of the qualifying words (see [34] above) in
this category of properties is to affix the responsibility of paying all the
expenses of property tax, repair, maintenance and insurance _on the landlord_.
Indeed, as the Judge pointed out in the Judgment (at [8]), “[t]he effect of
that definition is that the landlord may be assumed to include, within the
rental charged to the tenant, an amount to recoup his expenses of repair,
insurance, maintenance or upkeep of the premises let”.

**Whether maintenance contributions towards common property should be
included**

_**A preliminary point: The main forms of maintenance contributions**_

45 Having resolved the threshold question of the function of the qualifying
words, we come now to a more substantive matter: whether maintenance
contributions towards common property should be included. In order to answer
this question, there is a need to set the proper background context from which
the discussion can follow. Generally, maintenance contributions take two basic
forms – _via_ a _management fund_ and a _sinking fund_ , respectively. The
latter constitutes an issue in so far as the present appeal is concerned
although (as we shall see below), the former is not irrelevant, especially
with respect to the question of general principle.

46 Both the funds mentioned in the preceding paragraph are, in fact, the focus
(in so far as the current legal position is concerned) of s 38 of the Building
Maintenance and Strata Management Act (Act 47 of 2004) (“BMSMA”). The
provision itself is reproduced below (at [70]). For present purposes, however,
the explanatory note to the Building Maintenance and Management Bill (Bill 6
of 2004) is apposite; in particular, it states as follows:

Clause 37 [the present s 38 of the BMSMA] requires a management corporation to
establish and maintain a management fund and sinking fund. The _management
fund_ is to be used to pay for the _regular_ maintenance and repair of the
common property and other common expenses of the management corporation,
insurance premiums and other expenses in carrying out its powers and duties
under the Bill. The _sinking fund_ is to be used _only_ for expenses incurred
in painting or treating of any part of the common property which is a
structure or other improvement for the preservation and appearance of the
common property, the renewal or replacement of any electrical and mechanical
installations existing for common use or purposes and other _major_ repairs
and improvements to, and maintenance of, the common property and boundary
wall. [emphasis added]

47 Section 38 of the BMSMA in turn derives its existence from various sections
in Pt IV of the LTSA. Part IV was repealed with effect from 1 April 2005 by s
138(1) of the BMSMA read with item (12) of the second column of the Third
Schedule to the BMSMA. It is thus necessary to have regard to the predecessor
provisions of s 38 in the LTSA.

_Management fund_

48 First, the composition and purpose of the management fund can be gleaned
from ss 42(2) and 48(1) of the LTSA. Of these, s 48(1)(_m_) provides for the
purpose of the management fund, as follows:

**Duties of management corporation**

**48.** —(1) A management corporation shall, for the purposes of the
subdivided building concerned —

…

(_m_) from time to time determine in general meeting the amounts necessary in
its opinion to be raised by way of contributions for the purpose of meeting
its actual or expected liabilities —

(i) incurred or to be incurred under paragraph (_a_), (_b_), (_c_) or (_d_);

(ii) for the payment of insurance premiums; and

(iii) for any other expenditure of the management corporation.

Sub-paragraphs (_a_), (_b_), (_c_) and (_d_) of s 48(1) (referred to as
“paragraph (_a_), (_b_), (_c_) or (_d_)” above) in turn provide as follows:

(_a_) control, manage and administer the common property for the benefit of
all the subsidiary proprietors;

(_b_) properly maintain and keep it in a state of good and serviceable repair
—

(i) the common property; and

(ii) any property vested in the management corporation;

(_c_) where necessary, renew or replace any fixtures or fittings comprised in
the common property and any property vested in the management corporation;

(_d_) when so directed by a special resolution, install or provide additional
facilities or make improvements to the common property for the benefit of the
subsidiary proprietors[.]

49 This must then be compared with s 39(1) of the BMSMA which, read with s
38(3) of the same Act, provides for the purposes for which the management
corporation may disburse moneys from its management fund:

**Management corporation to determine contributions by subsidiary
proprietors**

**39.** —(1) The management corporation shall, from time to time at a general
meeting, determine the amounts which are reasonable and necessary to be raised
by contributions _for the purpose of meeting its actual or expected
liabilities incurred or to be incurred_ within the period (not exceeding 12
months) specified in the determination _in respect of_ —

(_a_) _the regular maintenance and keeping in good and serviceable repair
pursuant to section 29 of parts of the parcel being the common property,
fixtures, fittings and other property (including movable property) held by or
on behalf of the management corporation_ ;

(_b_) _the common expenses of the management corporation (except those in
subsection (2)(_ a _) to (_ d _))_ ;

(_c_) _the payment of insurance premiums_ ; and

(_d_) _all other liabilities_ incurred or to be incurred during that period by
or on behalf of the management corporation in carrying out its powers,
authorities, duties and functions under this Act other than liabilities
referred to in subsection (2).

[emphasis added]

Comparing the two sets of provisions, it can be observed that they are not
identical. In other words, the purposes of the management fund as defined in
the BMSMA do not replicate those specified in the LTSA. In particular (and
this is important for reasons to be seen later), while ss 48(1)(_a_) and
48(1)(_b_) of the LTSA are largely reproduced in ss 39(1)(_a_) and 39(1)(_b_)
of the BMSMA, ss 48(1)(_c_) and 48(1)(_d_) of the LTSA are not similarly
reproduced. Sections 48(1)(_a_) and 48(1)(_b_) of the LTSA relate largely to
the _present_ maintenance and repair of the common property in question, and
the sense of this can also be gathered from ss 39(1)(_a_) and 39(1)(_b_) of
the BMSMA. On the other hand, s 48(1)(_c_) and 48(1)(_d_) of the LTSA, in so
far as they largely refer to _future_ maintenance and repair (by the use of
the words “renew”, “provide additional facilities” and “make improvements”),
no longer find expression in s 39(1) of the BMSMA. Although s 39(1)(_d_) of
the BMSMA provides for a “catch-all” clause with regard to any other
liabilities incurred by the management corporation, we do not think that this
was intended to capture the “missing” s 48(1)(_c_) and 48(1)(_d_) of the LTSA
since these sections had been deliberately left out in the BMSMA – the
intention being to _repeal_ , amongst other provisions, these particular
sections.

_Sinking fund_

50 Turning now to the sinking fund, its composition may be gleaned from ss
48(1)(_n_) and 48(1)(_p_) of the LTSA. As with the case of the management
fund, s 48(1)(_p_) provides for the establishment of a sinking fund for the
purposes specified in s 48(1)(_n_), which provides as follows:

**Duties of management corporation**

**48.** —(1) A management corporation shall, for the purposes of the
subdivided building concerned  —

…

(_n_) from time to time determine in general meeting the amounts necessary in
its opinion to be raised by way of contributions for the purpose of meeting
its actual or expected liabilities —

(i) for painting or repainting any part of the common property which is a
building or other structure;

(ii) for the renewal or replacement of any electrical and mechanical
installations existing for common use or purposes;

(iii) for major repairs and improvements to, and maintenance of, the common
property and boundary walls; and

(iv) for any other expenditure approved by the management corporation in
general meeting.

51 Before making a comparison with the relevant section of the BMSMA (as we
have done in respect of the management fund), we pause to observe that s
48(1)(_n_) of the LTSA in fact replicates, to some extent, some of the
purposes applicable for the disbursement of moneys from the management fund as
set out in s 48(1)(_c_) and 48(1)(_d_) of the LTSA. These sections in fact
largely relate to the _future_ maintenance and repair of the common property
and the expression of such can be found in ss 48(1)(_n_)(i), 48(1)(_n_)(ii)
and 48(1)(_n_)(iii) in so far as they allude to the “ _re_ painting”, “ _re_
newal” and “improvements” of particular features of the common property. There
was thus, under the LTSA, a degree of overlap between the purposes of the
management fund and the sinking fund.

52 We now compare s 48(1)(_n_) of the LTSA with s 39(2) of the BMSMA which,
read with s 38(6) of the BMSMA, provides for the purposes for which the
management corporation may disburse moneys from its sinking fund:

(2) The management corporation shall, also from time to time at a general
meeting, determine the amounts which are reasonable and necessary to be raised
by contributions _for the purpose of meeting its actual or expected
liabilities incurred or to be incurred in respect of_ —

(_a_) _painting or treating of any part of the common property which is a
structure or other improvement for the preservation and appearance of the
common property_ ;

(_b_) _major repairs and improvements to, and maintenance of, the common
property and boundary wall_ ;

(_c_) _the renewal or replacement pursuant to section 29 of parts of the
parcel being the common property, fixtures, fittings and other property
(including movable property) held by or on behalf of the management
corporation_ ;

(_d_) _the acquisition of movable property_ ; and

(_e_) _such other liabilities_ expected to be incurred at a future time where
the management corporation determines in a general meeting that the whole or
part thereof should be met from its sinking fund.

[emphasis added]

53 It is very clear from this comparison that almost the whole of s 48(1)(_n_)
of the LTSA is replicated in s 39(2) of the BMSMA. This can be contrasted with
the incomplete adoption of the purposes of the management fund as set out
previously in the LTSA in the later BMSMA. In order to understand the reason
why this is so, we have to examine the relevant legislative materials. Indeed,
the concept of the _sinking fund_ was first introduced by s 17 of the Land
Titles (Strata) (Amendment) Act 1987 (Act 16 of 1987). As the explanatory
statement to the Land Titles (Strata) (Amendment) Bill (Bill 10 of 1986) put
it:

Some of the major changes introduced [by the Bill] are as follows:

…

(_b_) A management corporation is required to establish a _sinking fund in
addition to_ the _management fund_ …

[emphasis added]

And, during the second reading of the Bill, the Minister for Law, Mr E W
Barker, observed thus (see _Singapore Parliamentary Debates, Official Report_
(29 July 1986) vol 48 at cols 124–125):

A management corporation will be required to establish a _sinking fund_ to
meet expenditure which _will_ be incurred for _major_ repairs and renovations.
This fund is _in addition to_ the _management fund_ which a management
corporation is now required to maintain. [emphasis added]

54 We have earlier alluded to the noticeable differences in the adoption of
the purposes of the management fund and the sinking fund in the BMSMA as
distinguished from the LTSA. In so far as maintenance and repair are
concerned, we note that, under the LTSA, the management fund and the sinking
fund shared certain overlapping purposes, _viz_ , the _future_ maintenance and
repair of the common property. These overlaps were, however, largely erased,
having regard to the corresponding provisions in the BMSMA (which represents
the current position). Having regard to the legislative debates as reproduced
above, we think that the management fund and sinking fund are meant to have
_distinct_ functions. Otherwise, why state that the sinking fund is _in
addition_ to the management fund? However, the degree of overlap in the LTSA
perhaps, and unfortunately, obscured this otherwise intended clear distinction
between the two funds. This was, to our minds, put right in the BMSMA in so
far as the overlapping purposes were no longer reproduced.

55 All this establishes a relatively obvious point – that (put in a nutshell)
the _maintenance fund_ is for _regular_ maintenance and repair of the common
property in the _present_ , _whereas_ the _sinking fund_ is for _major_
maintenance and repair of the common property which _might_ take place in the
_future_ (see also Tan Sook Yee, _Principles of Singapore Land Law_
(Butterworths Asia, 2nd Ed, 2001) at pp 606–607). The broad distinction
between _present_ and _future_ maintenance and repair thus finds expression
across the two types of funds. Therefore, intrinsic within what has just been
stated are at least two basic distinctions. The first (and broad) distinction
is in relation to the _time_ at which the respective maintenance and repair
are effected. The second is in relation to the _types_ of maintenance and
repair involved. This first distinction is (as we shall see below at [80]) of
some legal significance in so far as the present appeal is concerned.

**_Whether maintenance should be included_**

56 Returning to the issue at hand (_viz_ , whether maintenance contributions
should be included in the calculation of annual value), it follows from the
analysis in the preceding part of this judgment (at [43]–[44] above) that,
flowing also from the meaning ascribed to the qualifying words, expenses
_relating to maintenance_ should _prima facie_ be the responsibility of the
owner (as defined in s 2(1) of the PTA). This in turn means that such
expenses, which (as we shall see) to the extent that they are provided for by
way of contributions towards the sinking fund and the special levy, should be
_included_ in the gross rental for the ascertainment of the annual value. We
need only add that the meaning of “maintenance” is relatively clear and that a
broad, commonsensical definition should be adopted. In this regard, _Collins
Cobuild English Language Dictionary_ (Harper Collins Publishers India Pvt Ltd,
1991) at p 877 pertinently defines “maintenance” as “the activity of keeping
something such as a building, vehicle or machine in good condition by
regularly checking it and doing necessary repairs”. This definition accords
with the interpretation given to the meaning of “maintain” in a number of
other cases. For example, the House of Lords in _Hamilton v National Coal
Board_ [1960] AC 633 defined “maintain” in the context of the Mines and
Quarries Act 1954 (c 70) (UK) to mean “keep[ing] in proper order by acts of
maintenance before the thing to be maintained falls out of condition” (see
_per_ Lord Keith of Avonholm at 647).

57 We ought to mention that the issue of whether payments to the management
fund should be included was in fact raised for Ms Mohamed’s consideration in
the course of the oral hearing before us. As would be recalled (and see [35]
above), Ms Mohamed had departed from her written submissions and submitted
before us that payments to the management fund ought to be _included_ and not
excluded as was the past practice of the relevant authorities. However, this
does _not_ mean that such past practice has been incorrect, for a further
question has still to be answered: To what extent do the various expenses
provided for by such contributions relate to maintenance within the meaning of
the qualifying words? Ms Mohamed’s new submission before us did not perhaps
take into account the response to this question. It cannot, in other words, be
the case that there is a blanket rule that _all_ expenses be included (or
excluded).

58 In the context of the present case, this neatly dovetails into the second
issue we have identified for determination (see [39] above), _viz_ , whether
maintenance contributions towards the _common property_ (as opposed to the
_individual_ _lot_) ought to be included. This, as we note, in turn
necessitates an even more fundamental enquiry: What is the distinction, if
any, between a common and individual property in so far as of a strata
development (such as that involved in the present appeal) is concerned?

**_The formal distinction between common property and individual lot_**

59 As Prof Tan notes in _Principles of Singapore Land Law_ ([55] _supra_ at p
590), the entire basis of the strata titles scheme is predicated on the
subdivision of airspace above the ground as well as subterranean space. Thus,
once it is accepted that a parcel of airspace can be adequately delineated, an
expanded definition of land is possible, and a registered proprietor of a
“lot” can be one in relation to a parcel of land in the conventional sense or
in relation to a parcel of defined airspace. A building can be subdivided into
different lots of delineated parcels of airspace – subsidiary or individual
lots. The tax regime applicable to property, which comprises a lot the title
of which is issued under the LTSA, is provided for in s 2(7) of the PTA.

60 Under the system of registration of titles, there is little problem in
providing for the separate registration of titles of the delineated areas of
airspace. Each individual lot is delineated on the strata title plan and
includes any accessory lot delineated as such on the strata title lot. An
“accessory lot” is defined in s 3 of the LTSA as “a lot intended for separate
proprietorship and use with any other specified lot or lots for any purpose”.
By ss 13(3) and 15(1) of the LTSA, neither the accessory lot nor its share of
the common property may be dealt with separately from the individual lot.

61 On the other hand, “common property” is defined in s 3 of the LTSA. Common
property, such as open space, lifts, corridors and rubbish chutes, are owned
by the registered subsidiary lot owners as tenants in common. Each registered
subsidiary owner of a “lot” is assigned a certain share value or share units.
The share units in turn determine, _inter alia_ , the proportionate share of
common property owned. To regulate the occupation of the subdivided building,
the relevant legislative framework provides for the establishment of a
management corporation which is made up of the subsidiary owners and which is
responsible for the maintenance of the common property. It also lays down, as
by-laws, a basic code of conduct that binds all occupiers. In addition to
these statutory by-laws, the management corporation may also make new or extra
by-laws.

62 In other words, as statutorily defined, an individual lot is wholly
separate and distinct from the common property. One does not shade into
another in so far as formal definition and distinction are concerned. However,
carved out (as they are) of the same airspace, it would be overly simplistic
to dismiss out-of-hand the notion that the two interact. Indeed, as we shall
see, while there is a legal difference between an individual lot and common
property, there is nonetheless a connection between the two inasmuch as one’s
share in the overall proportion of the lots determines the ownership of common
property. Therefore, despite the formal distinction as envisaged in law, there
is, practically speaking, some degree of interaction between common property
and individual lots. All the subsidiary proprietors as tenants hold common
property in common, and as such they have unity of possession. The subsidiary
proprietor of a lot, as tenant in common with the other subsidiary proprietors
of common property, has the right to use any part of it. With this in mind, we
proceed to examine how this, in turn, interacts with the purpose of tax
assessment.

**_The interaction between the common property and individual properties for
the purposes of property tax assessment_**

_Purpose of property tax assessment: Annual value reflects real worth of
property_

63 Returning to the issue as to whether the fact that the sums in issue in the
present appeal relate to the common property takes them outside the ambit of s
2(1) of the PTA, we are of the view that it does _not_. There are two cogent
reasons in support of this conclusion.

64 First, although sums or contributions related to the common property would
appear, at first blush, to have nothing to do with the lot or property
concerned, further reflection suggests that, as a matter of both logic as well
as justice and fairness, each owner or subsidiary proprietor of each
individual lot or property enjoys the common property and that, therefore, the
annual value of the lot or property concerned should justifiably incorporate
the value of such enjoyment. As we have demonstrated above, notwithstanding
the legal distinction between common property and specific lots, they do, in
reality, interact in a very real sense and it would therefore be wholly
artificial to distinguish them for the purposes of property tax assessment.
This in fact follows closely the observations of this court in _BCH No 2_ that
the annual value of a property relates to the rent or the letting of the
subject property. In so far as contributions to the common property enhance
the value of the property as a whole, and therefore increase the annual value
of the individual lot, we see no reason why such contributions should not be
_included_ for the purposes of ascertaining the annual value of the subject
property.

65 Secondly, the value that is attributable to the common property ought _not_
to fall (in the context of property tax) into a “legal black hole”. Indeed, as
this court observed in _Centrepoint Shopping Centre_ ([14] _supra_) at [10]:

**_Whilst we do not accept the appellant’s construction that the property
which is the subject of s 2(7) includes the subsidiary proprietor’s interest
in the common property, we would accept that, in practice, the determination
of the annual value of a lot would almost inevitably take account of the
enjoyment to be derived from facilities and amenities forming part of the
common property even though no specific value would be separately ascribed to
such facilities and amenities. After all, it is unrealistic to suggest that
(following the definition of “annual value” in s 2(1) of the PTA) “the gross
amount at which [a lot] can reasonably be expected to be let from year to
year” will not have implied therein some value for the enjoyment to be derived
from at least some parts of the common property_**. That may explain why s
2(7)(c) provides that in assessing the annual value of a lot “no _separate_
annual value shall be attributed to the land” [emphasis added]. In other
words, **_whilst the assessment of the annual value of a lot may indirectly
take into account the facilities and amenities afforded by the common
property_** , no separate value is to be ascribed to the land in such
assessment. However, it does not follow that property tax may not be charged
where, instead of being held for enjoyment in common by all occupants of
strata lots, parts of the common property are let or licensed for a rent or
fee. Nothing in the PTA precludes the assessment of property tax in such
circumstances. [emphasis added in bold italics]

Indeed, if this were not the case, it would be anomalous that no one pays tax
for the common property in a strata development.

66 The Board was, in fact, cognisant of the point just made (see _Tan Hee
Liang v The Chief Assessor_ [2007] SGVRB 2, especially at [24]–[25]). However,
whilst the Judge also acknowledged this particular point, he was of the view
that _Centrepoint Shopping Centre_ did not assist the respondents in the
manner we have just outlined (see the Judgment, especially at [26]–[28]). With
respect, however, the fact situation in _Centrepoint Shopping Centre_ was, as
the Judge himself appeared to acknowledge (at [26]), quite different. That
case concerned the licensing of parts of the common property for a fee. The
argument made by the taxpayer in that case was to the effect that the annual
value of each individual lot included a proportion of the gross amount at
which the common property could be let and that those parts of the common
property which were licensed for a fee were not subject to property tax. In
our view, although the latter proposition did not follow from the former, this
does not mean that the former proposition is untenable in relation to the
specific factual context with which we are concerned in the present appeal. On
the contrary, the Judge, who in fact delivered the judgment of this court in
_Centrepoint Shopping Centre_ , acknowledged this former proposition in the
very passage quoted in the preceding paragraph (and also at [26] of the
Judgment; see also the reasoning at [35]–[37] where there was at least an
implicit assumption that contributions to the common property _could_ be
related to rent or letting).

67 Accordingly, we are of the view that it did not follow that, just because
the contributions to the sinking fund and special levy were payments _towards
the common property_ , they had _nothing_ to do with the rent or the letting
of the specific lot. The next question then is _how_ to attribute _the extent_
to which such payments are related to the specific lot in question.

_Practical attribution (relating to the specific lot)_

68 When the two related considerations referred to in the preceding paragraphs
are taken into account, it is clear that each owner or subsidiary proprietor
ought to be responsible for (in the words utilised in the relevant definition
of “annual value” reproduced at [42] above, and constituting part of the
qualifying words set out at [34] above) “paying the expenses of repair,
insurance, maintenance or upkeep and all taxes” in relation to the common
property _in so far as it is relates to their individual lot or property_. In
other words, a system of _proportional contribution_ towards such expenses
ought to constitute part of the annual value of the individual lot or property
in question. This proportional contribution (_ie_ , practical attribution), in
fact, adequately reflects the actual benefit accrued to the individual lot
owner from his enjoyment or utilisation of the common property. Thus, in
reference to the monthly contributions the individual lot owner makes towards,
for instance, the management fund, sinking fund or special levy, this in
essence reflects that particular owner’s enjoyment of the common property and
we see no reason why it should not be included for the purposes of property
tax assessment.

_Practical attribution (purposes related to maintenance and repair)_

69 However, this not the end of the inquiry. The next issue is: _Out_ of these
monthly contributions, how much is actually related to maintenance and repair,
which s 2(1) of the PTA has mandated must be _included_ in the calculation of
the annual value? This is, in fact, the _second_ aspect of the issue of
practical attribution. In this regard, the important question that arises in
the context of the present appeal is this: To what extent, if at all, do the
sums paid by the appellant in respect of the special levy and/or the sinking
fund relate to the expenses that constitute (in law) part of the annual value
of the subject property (looked at from the distinctive perspective of the
common property)?

70 Returning to the fact situation in the present appeal, in our view, it is
clear that the sums paid by the appellant in respect of both the special levy
as well as the sinking fund _do_ relate – _in part at least_ – to the common
property. _However,_ the difficulty that arises in this regard is that, at
least in so far as the payments to _the management fund and sinking fund_ are
concerned, it is clear (from the relevant provisions of the BMSMA) that such
payments, whilst utilised to meet expenses referred to in the qualifying words
in s 2(1) of the PTA, can _also_ be utilised to meet _other_ purposes which
have _nothing to do with the concept of “annual value”_. It is clear that
payments or contributions which relate to such _other_ purposes ought _not_ to
be included in the assessment of the annual value of the lot or property
concerned. Indeed, it is clear that these other purposes have, in principle,
_nothing to do with the elements of rent or letting_ in the first place. Let
us elaborate by considering the specific provisions in the BMSMA itself. The
relevant provisions of the BMSMA are, in fact, to be found in both ss 38 and
39. Section 38 of the BMSMA reads as follows:

**Management funds and sinking funds**

**38.** —(1) A management corporation shall establish and maintain a fund as
its _management fund_.

(2) A management corporation shall pay into its _management fund_ —

(_a_) _all moneys received by it in respect of contributions determined under
section 39 (1)_ ;

(_b_) the proceeds of the sale or other disposal of any movable property of
the management corporation;

(_c_) any fee received by the management corporation under section 47;

(_d_) any amounts paid to the management corporation by way of discharge of
insurance claims; and

(_e_) interest received on any investment belonging to the management fund.

(3) _A management corporation shall not disburse any moneys from its
management fund otherwise than for the purpose of —_

(_a_) _meeting its liabilities referred to in section 39(1)_ ;

(_b_) carrying out its powers, authorities, duties or functions under this
Act; or

(_c_) _transferring moneys therein not required to meet the liabilities of the
management fund to the sinking fund_.

(4) A management corporation shall also establish and maintain a fund as its
_sinking fund._

(5) In addition to any moneys transferred under subsection (3)(_c_), a
management corporation shall pay into its _sinking fund_ —

(_a_) _all moneys received by it in respect of contributions determined under
section 39(2)_ ;

(_b_) any amount paid to the management corporation by way of discharge of
insurance claims and not paid to the management fund;

(_c_) all other amounts received by the management corporation and not paid or
payable into the management fund; and

(_d_) interest received on any investment belonging to the sinking fund.

(6) _A management corporation shall not disburse any moneys from its sinking
fund otherwise than for the purpose of_ —

(_a_) _meeting its liabilities referred to in section 39(2)_ ; or

(_b_) carrying out its powers, authorities, duties or functions under this
Act.

(7) A management corporation may only _invest_ any moneys in its management
fund _or_ sinking fund in any manner permitted by law for the investment of
trust funds.

(8) A management corporation shall pay any moneys in its management fund or
sinking fund that are not otherwise invested in accordance with subsection (7)
into an account established with a financial institution in the name of the
management corporation.

(9) A management corporation may borrow moneys and secure the repayment
thereof and of any interest in such manner as may be agreed upon by the
management corporation and the lender, otherwise than by charging the
repayment on the common property.

(9A) No moneys in the management fund or sinking fund shall be used for any
purpose of a collective sale of the property under Part VA of the Land Titles
(Strata) Act (Cap. 158) other than for the purpose of convening any general
meeting under the Second Schedule to that Act.

(9B) The moneys remaining in the management fund and sinking fund as at the
date of the legal completion of a collective sale of the property in
accordance with Part VA of the Land Titles (Strata) Act shall be returned as
soon as practicable to the subsidiary proprietors of the lots in shares
proportional to the contributions levied by the management corporation on the
subsidiary proprietors in accordance with this Act.

(10) A management corporation shall —

(_a_) cause proper books of account to be kept in respect of moneys received
or expended by the management corporation showing the items in respect of
which the moneys were received or expended; and

(_b_) cause to be prepared, from the books referred to in paragraph (_a_), a
proper statement of accounts of the management corporation in respect of each
period commencing on the date the management corporation was constituted or
the date up to which the last previous such statement was prepared and ending
on a date not earlier than 4 months before each annual general meeting.

[emphasis added]

71 Section 39 of the BMSMA (the relevant parts which we have already set out
at [49] above) reads as follows:

**Management corporation to determine contributions by subsidiary
proprietors**

**39.** —(1) The management corporation shall, from time to time at a general
meeting, determine the amounts which are reasonable and necessary to be raised
by contributions _for the purpose of meeting its actual or expected
liabilities incurred or to be incurred_ within the period (not exceeding 12
months) specified in the determination _in respect of_ —

(_a_) _the regular maintenance and keeping in good and serviceable repair
pursuant to section 29 of parts of the parcel being the common property,
fixtures, fittings and other property (including movable property) held by or
on behalf of the management corporation_ ;

(_b_) _the common expenses of the management corporation (except those in
subsection (2 (a) to (d))_ ;

(_c_) _the payment of insurance premiums_ ; and

(_d_) _all other liabilities_ incurred or to be incurred during that period by
or on behalf of the management corporation in carrying out its powers,
authorities, duties and functions under this Act other than liabilities
referred to in subsection (2).

(2) The management corporation shall, also from time to time at a general
meeting, determine the amounts which are reasonable and necessary to be raised
by contributions _for the purpose of meeting its actual or expected
liabilities incurred or to be incurred in respect of_ —

(_a_) _painting or treating of any part of the common property which is a
structure or other improvement for the preservation and appearance of the
common property_ ;

(_b_) _major repairs and improvements to, and maintenance of, the common
property and boundary wall_ ;

(_c_) _the renewal or replacement pursuant to section 29 of parts of the
parcel being the common property, fixtures, fittings and other property
(including movable property) held by or on behalf of the management
corporation_ ;

(_d_) _the acquisition of movable property_ ; and

(_e_) _such other liabilities_ expected to be incurred at a future time where
the management corporation determines in a general meeting that the whole or
part thereof should be met from its sinking fund.

(3) If the management corporation becomes liable to pay any moneys that it is
unable to pay immediately, the management corporation shall determine that
amount to be raised by contributions.

(4) A determination made by a management corporation under subsection (1) or
(2) may specify that the amounts to be raised for the purposes therein
referred to shall be raised by such regular periodic contributions as may be
specified in the determination.

[emphasis added]

72 In so far as the payments to _the management fund and the sinking fund_ are
concerned, it will be seen that such payments or contributions can be utilised
for _both_ the purposes of maintenance and repair _as well as_ for _other_
purposes. The question that arises – in a very practical way – is _what
proportion_ should be allocated to the former purposes, for it is _that_
proportion of the contributions that would be included as part of the annual
value of the lot or property concerned (here, the subject property). Likewise,
_the special levy_ may relate wholly or partly to the purposes embodied in the
qualifying words. Thus, in the usual case, how would one properly resolve this
problem of attribution which we have identified? In our view, this is a
problem which falls squarely on the Chief Assessor to resolve by the adduction
of suitable evidence showing the precise attribution. Only then does the
evidential burden of proof shift to the taxpayer (here, the appellant) to
demonstrate to the Chief Assessor why any particular item and/or proportion
that is included ought to be excluded instead.

_Time when the funds are utilised_

73 However, this is not an end to the matter. We have noted earlier in this
judgment (especially at [55] above) that there is a distinction in the point
in time at which funds from the maintenance fund and the sinking fund,
respectively, are utilised (or at least specifically allocated) for the
purposes of maintenance and repair. Hence, in addition to the difficulty of
practical attribution, there arises the issue of _when_ the funds utilised
from the sinking fund for the purposes of maintenance and repair can be
included in the assessment of the annual value for the purposes of property
tax. We are of the view that such inclusion can take place _only when the
maintenance and repair are in fact effected or at least specifically allocated
(which would, in the nature of things, be a major undertaking_ (see above at
[55])_._ Thus, in so far as present maintenance preserves the value and hence
goes towards the present value, this should be included. As for future
maintenance, we think this might enhance (or preserve) the value of the
property and hence is related to the annual value. However, just when
“specific allocation” of funds for such future maintenance takes place is
something which we think the Chief Assessor would be in a better position to
provide some firm guidelines on after consultation with the relevant industry
stakeholders. Apart from the precise timing when the payments ought to be
taken into account, there is a further issue of whether one-off payments have
a permanent effect on the property tax payable. It would seem to us as a
matter of common sense that there may have to be some flexibility on this
issue. This is an important point which will have a crucial bearing on the
outcome of one of the key issues before us in the present appeal.

_The Judge’s further requirement not applicable_

74 We should pause to observe, at this juncture, that the further requirement
raised by the Judge (see generally above at [25]–[26]) might still be in issue
where the item concerned does _not_ come within the qualifying words and is
not otherwise related to rent or letting. Put simply, would the further
requirement still apply before the item concerned is excluded for the purposes
of assessment of property tax? We would, with respect, disagree with the Judge
that the further requirement should apply. As the appellant correctly points
out, there is no authority whatsoever that supports the further requirement.
More importantly, we see no reason, in principle, why the further requirement
should apply. Indeed, the imposition of such a requirement could, depending on
the particular factual matrix at hand, result (as the appellant correctly
pointed out) in further artificial distinctions being drawn. As this court
emphasised in _BCH No 2_ ([16] _supra_), the pivotal focus is on whether or
not the items concerned are related to rent or letting. Of course, if they
fall within the qualifying words, then such items would also be included, as
the Legislature clearly mandates that this should be the case. Indeed, the
qualifying words themselves deal with the relationship between the landlord
and the tenant without the need for a further judicial or interpretive overlay
which the further requirement, in substance, represents.

_Summary of applicable principles_

75 Thus, to summarise the applicable principles:

(a) _Practical attribution (relating to the specific lot)_ : While there is a
need to show that the specific lot owner’s payments to the management fund,
sinking fund and/or the special levy must relate to the specific lot in
question (in so far as these contributions are ostensibly made towards the
common property), this issue resolves itself by virtue of the _actual_
contribution made by the specific lot owner. In other words, once it is
established that there cannot be an iron curtain separating common property on
the one hand and the specific lot on the other (inasmuch as a benefit to the
former will naturally result in a corresponding benefit to the latter), the
only practical manner of attribution is by way of the specific lot owner’s
actual contributions to the funds concerned.

(b) _Practical attribution (purposes related to maintenance and repair)_ : It
is, however, necessary to show that part of the specific lot owner’s payments
to the management fund, the sinking fund and/or the special levy goes towards
purposes of maintenance and repair for such contributions to be included in
the calculation of the annual value of the specific property concerned.
Indeed, to obviate any future difficulties in this particular regard, we
suggest (at [80] below) that the Chief Assessor ought to issue relevant advice
or (preferably) guidelines.

(c) _Time at which the funds are utilised_ : In relation specifically to the
sinking fund, we have noted above its distinction with the management fund.
Thus, even after it is established that certain parts of the management fund
and the sinking fund go towards maintenance and repair, in so far as the
sinking fund is concerned, contributions thereto should only be included for
the purpose of the calculation of the annual value of the specific property
concerned when the maintenance and repair are in fact effected or at least
specifically allocated (which would, in the nature of things, be a major
undertaking). However, just when “specific allocation” of funds for such
future maintenance takes place is something which we think the Chief Assessor
would be in a better position to provide some firm guidelines on after
consultation with the relevant industry stakeholders (see above at [73]).

(d) _Further requirement laid down by the Judge not applicable_ : Finally, for
the avoidance of doubt, the further requirement laid down by the Judge in the
court below is not applicable.

**Application of the relevant principles law to present case**

76 We now apply the relevant principles of law as discussed above to the facts
at hand.

**_Contributions to the sinking fund_**

77 In so far as the contributions to _the sinking fund_ are concerned, we do
not think that they should be included based on the evidence presently
available.

78 First, in relation to the first aspect of practical attribution (see [68]
above), we do not think that the Chief Assessor has shown exactly _how_ much
of the sinking fund is related to the rent and value of the specific property
concerned. Whilst we have said that the mere fact that such contributions are
made towards the maintenance and repair of the _common property_ will not
preclude their inclusion in the assessment of the annual value, the onus
remains on the Chief Assessor to prove the practical attribution. However,
while this has not been done in the present case, we have _also_ stated that
this problem actually resolves itself and hence this issue is moot.

79 Secondly, in relation to the second aspect of practical attribution (see
[69] above), the Chief Assessor has not shown the proportion of the specific
lot owner’s contributions towards the sinking fund which can be attributed to
maintenance and repair of the common property in question.

80 Thirdly, it will be seen that, in so far as the principle with regard to
_timing_ set out above (at [73]) is concerned, it is clear, in our view, that,
absent an _actual_ allocation or expenditure _vis-à-vis_ the sinking fund in
respect of the maintenance and the repair of the common property, there should
be no inclusion of the amount concerned in the annual value for the purposes
of property tax. However, as we are of the view that this is an issue best
left to the Chief Assessor to resolve by way of clear guidelines as to when
specific allocation takes place, we will remit this issue alone back to the
Chief Assessor to decide.

**_Contributions to the special levy_**

81 The special levy in the present case was collected over a period of three
years from July 2005 to June 2008 for external upgrading works (as approved
through the passage of a special resolution at the MCST’s second annual
general meeting). The crucial question is whether this is a form of repair or
maintenance. The question of whether the special levy was to be used for such
a purpose is not in question.

82 In our view, in contrast with the sinking fund, as the relevant sections of
the BMSMA (as reproduced and discussed above) demonstrate, _the special levy_
, in the context of the present appeal, is related _wholly_ to the purposes
embodied in the qualifying words and has been allocated specifically for a
purpose relating to maintenance and repair. As the issue of timing does not
arise, it should therefore be _included_ as part of the annual value of the
subject property. There of course remains the issue as to whether this will
result in a temporary or permanent increase in the annual value of the
property concerned. This is, strictly speaking, not before us and must
necessarily depend, _inter alia_ , on the nature of the use to which the
special levy is being put to.

**_Payments to the management fund_**

83 Finally, no issue arises in the present appeal in so far as the payments to
the management fund are concerned. This is because the Chief Assessor –
somewhat curiously, in our view – permitted such contributions to be
_excluded_ for the purposes of assessment of the annual value of the subject
property and there has been no cross-appeal on that point. Here again (as with
the contributions to _the sinking fund_), these contributions can, ostensibly
at least, be utilised _both_ for the purposes of maintenance and repair (see
ss 39(1)(_a_)-39(1)(_c_) of the BMSMA, reproduced above at [71]) _as well as_
for _other_ purposes (see s 39(1)(_d_) of the BMSMA, reproduced above at
[71]). However, having regard to its overall purpose and, indeed, its common
characterisation by the parties herein as a “maintenance fund”, it is
inconceivable that such fund could always be excluded on the apparent premise
that it is _never_ concerned with maintenance and repair. The better view must
be that it should have _some_ use towards maintenance and repair, and it was
therefore wrong for the Chief Assessor to have hitherto adopted what was, in
effect, a blanket exclusion for unclear reasons which can only be explained on
a mistaken belief that such payments to the respective management funds
_always_ have nothing to do with maintenance and repair. In the circumstances,
payments to the _management fund_ ought, in our view, to be included in the
assessment of the annual value for the purposes of property tax in so far as
they relate to maintenance and repair.

84 However, by allowing the appellant’s payments to _the management fund_ to
be _excluded_ , the Chief Assessor has, in fact, accorded the appellant a
_concession_ of sorts. The Chief Assessor is, of course, entitled to make this
concession as a matter of administrative discretion and practice (as well as,
perhaps, even as a matter of legal right: see s 69 of the PTA as well as [85]
below).

85 Leaving aside the special administrative concession extended by the Chief
Assessor to the appellant with respect to the latter’s payments to the
management fund (which is, in any event, _not_ an issue before this court in
the present appeal), it would appear that whilst the Chief Assessor was
correct in including the appellant’s contributions to _the special levy_ in
the assessment of the annual value of the subject property, it ought _not_ (in
the absence of proof of an actual allocation of funds towards maintenance and
repair) to have included the appellant’s contributions to _the sinking fund_
_as a matter of course_ in the assessment of the annual value of the same.
However, in the final analysis, assuming that the contributions to the sinking
fund were properly included, while we think that the Chief Assessor was wrong
as a matter of principle, the result reached in terms of the final sum taxed
was perhaps correct, taking into account the overall treatment of the three
funds in question. In particular, we note that in so far as the management
fund usually constitutes a larger sum than the sinking fund or the special
levy (and it is, indeed, collected more regularly and, hence, more
frequently), it is in fact the taxpayers who have enjoyed some benefit in view
of the Chief Assessor’s erroneous practice to date of _totally_ excluding
payments to the management fund from the calculation of the annual value of
the respective properties concerned. We should, however, also note in this
last-mentioned regard the Chief Assessor’s further submissions which
acknowledged that “there may not be a need to reopen the past cases as section
69 of the [PTA] allows for remission”.[note: 1] Looked at in the round, it
would appear that the (albeit unintended) net result approximates that which
would have been achieved had the Chief Assessor assessed the annual value of
the properties concerned in accordance with the legal principles set out
above. For the avoidance of doubt, our comments in this regard should not
obscure the ruling that we have made to remit the issue relating to the
sinking fund back to the Chief Assessor for determination.

**Conclusion**

86 In the circumstances, whilst we dismiss the appeal with regard to the
special levy, we remit the issue relating to the sinking fund back to the
Chief Assessor for determination.

87 In so far as the issue of costs is concerned, we are of the view that it
would be fair for each party to bear their own costs of both the appeal as
well as the hearings below. The usual consequential orders are to apply.

  

* * *

[note: 1]At para 58 of the respondents’ further submissions.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 28 Oct 2008 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

