Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Ng Guat Hua v Onestoneinvest Pte Ltd and Others  
[2008] SGHC 156

Case Number | : | Suit 146/2007  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 19 September 2008  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Lai Siu Chiu J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Alfred Dodwell (Clifford Law Corporation) for the plaintiff; Ong Ying Ping (Ong Tay & Partners) for the 1st and 2nd defendants; Lai Swee Fung (Unilegal LLC) for the 3rd defendant   
Parties | : |  Ng Guat Hua — Onestoneinvest Pte Ltd; Simon Pang Yap Cherng; Ng Say Kah   
  
Restitution  
  

19 September 2008 |   
---|---  
  
Lai Siu Chiu J:

1 Ng Guat Hua (“the plaintiff”) sued her elder brother Ng Say Kah (“the third
defendant”), Onestoneinvest Pte Ltd (“the Company’) and one Simon Pang Yap
Cherng (“the second defendant”) over an oral agreement wherein she was to have
made a capital investment of $750,000 in the Company. (I shall refer to the
second and third defendants collectively as “the two defendants”). When this
suit came up for hearing before Justice Woo Bih Li (“Woo J”) on 12 November
2007, the parties settled the claim and a settlement agreement was signed that
same day.

2 On 21 February 2008, the third defendant applied by way of Summons No. 802
of 2008 (“the defendant’s application”) to strike out the plaintiff’s claim.

3 On her part, in Summons no. 1412 of 2008 (“the plaintiff’s application”)
filed on 27 March 2008, the plaintiff applied for the following prayers:

(1) the settlement agreement dated 12 November 2007 be rescinded;

(2) the Order of Court dated 12 November 2007 be set aside;

(3) Suit No. 146 of 2007 be reinstated to the cause books;

(4) the defendants to pay the cost of this application; and

(5) such further and/or others as this Honourable Court deems fit.

4 Both applications came up for hearing before me; I granted the defendant’s
application and dismissed the plaintiff’s application with costs. The
plaintiff has now appealed against my decision in Civil Appeal No. 57 of 2008.

_The affidavits_

5 I shall refer first to the affidavit filed by the third defendant in support
of the defendant’s application. He deposed as follows:

(a) the action was fixed for five days’ hearing before Woo J on 12 November
2007;

(b) on the first day of trial, the parties reached a settlement and a consent
order of court was recorded by the judge wherein the plaintiff undertook not
to file a fresh action for the money which was the subject of this action;

(c) the plaintiff was granted leave to file a notice of discontinuance on 14
November 2007;

(d) despite repeated requests including his solicitors’ letter dated 14
January 2008, the plaintiff had to-date failed, refused and/or neglected to
file the notice of discontinuance.

6 In her reply to the defendant’s affidavit, the plaintiff prayed for the
defendant’s application to be dismissed. She deposed to the following facts:

(a) the Company was incorporated on 4 December 2003 with the third defendant
as a director;

(b) she became acquainted with the second defendant on or about 1 June 2001
first as a patient and later as a friend after he became a friend of the third
defendant;

(c) from about 2002, the second defendant frequently invited her to attend
religious events which he organised;

(d) by an oral agreement made in early 2003 between herself and the Company,
represented by the second and third defendants, it was agreed that in
consideration of her investing in the Company, the two defendants would allot
to her ? of the issued shares in the Company;

(e) pursuant to the oral agreement, she invested various sums totalling
$750,000 into the Company between 2003 and 2006;

(f) the two defendants promised that she would receive by August 2006 legal
documentation and receipts to evidence her payments;

(g) the two defendants breached the agreement and failed to provide her with
any legal documentation;

(h) that meant the two defendants may not have capitalised her investment in
the Company and she may have been left with valueless shares in a worthless
company;

(i) it was clear that she had been hook-winked into an elaborate scheme by the
two defendants;

(j) the two defendants came up with a novel and ingenuous defence which the
trial judge rejected;

(k) the trial judge noted that if she took the shares, she could probe and/or
investigate into the affairs of the Company and ascertain the level of fraud
perpetrated against her;

(l) the settlement agreement was to put her in the position as if the oral
agreement had been performed;

(m) in the settlement agreement, the two defendants calculated that her
payments would correspond to 68% of the paid-up capital in the Company
entitling her to 235 of its issued shares of 377;

(n) further, the shares would correspond in date and time to her payments and
correspond to proof that the sums were actually transferred and deposited into
the Company’s bank account;

(o) the settlement agreement envisaged that there would be proper and/or due
diligence done in relation to the shares to be transferred to her. It would be
totally unconscionable if she was forced into taking shares in a worthless
company;

(p) despite her solicitors’ request, the two defendants in particular the
third defendant had refused to provide her with any information or
documentation to enable her to ascertain the workability and feasibility of
the settlement agreement; and

(q) she asked the court for leave to undertake the due diligence exercise.

7 I should add that in her affidavit the plaintiff set out at length the
events leading up to the trial before Woo J as well as how the two defendants
had set out to cheat and defraud her of the money. I have not repeated her
allegations for the reason that they were not relevant to the applications at
hand – the events before and leading up to the trial were academic as they
were subsumed in the settlement agreement.

8 Besides the affidavits of the plaintiff and the third defendant, two other
affidavits were filed for the defendant’s and the plaintiff’s applications.
One affidavit was filed by Lim Seng Siew (“LSS”) the solicitor who acted for
the Company and the second defendant in the trial before Woo J, while the
other affidavit was filed (on 9 April 2008) by the plaintiff’s solicitor Helen
Chia (“Helen”).

9 In her affidavit, Helen deposed that she did not draft the settlement
agreement. The terms therein were agreed to by the parties’ solicitors
(including herself) and she was merely tasked with writing down the terms. Her
partner Nicholas Aw (‘Nicholas”), who assisted her at the trial, was present.
(Nicholas filed a separate affidavit to corroborate what was stated in Helen’s
affidavit).

10 At the time when the settlement agreement was reached, Helen said that both
she and the plaintiff understood that the plaintiff’s payment of $750,000
would be utilised as payment towards the Company’s capital. There would be no
reason for the plaintiff to settle her claim otherwise. At some point before
the transfer of shares to her, the plaintiff sought confirmation that her
$750,000 payment would be capital injected into the Company. To that intent
and purpose, Helen wrote letters on the plaintiff’s behalf to the solicitors
representing the Company and the two defendants. Save for a blanket refusal
from the Company, Helen deposed that to-date she had received no response from
the two defendants.

11 In the following paragraphs of her affidavit, Helen deposed:

14 It was always envisaged that the shares offered by the 3rd Defendant in
return of the settlement of the S$750,000 claim by the Plaintiff are not
worthless shares, for otherwise it would be tantamount to being a worthless
settlement that would place the Plaintiff in no better place than when she
commenced the action and it would not be a settlement reached and/or entered
into in good faith.

15 The above contention is further supported by the fact that despite repeated
requests by the Plaintiff for the inspection of the 1st Defendant’s company
books for due diligence purposes, the Defendants have denied and failed to
accede to the same.

16 This has caused a legitimate concern on the part of the Plaintiff that the
1st Defendant’s shares could most likely be worthless and would male a mockery
of the settlement agreement.

18 I confirm the contents of paragraphs 2 and 3 [of LSS’s affidavit] and wish
to state that the Plaintiff’s position on her request for documents as
described in paragraph 3 of Lim Seng Siew’s 1st affidavit prior to the
transfer is not that it is a condition precedent for the performance of the
settlement agreement but rather to ascertain and confirm that all things were
in place including but not limited to the deposit of her monies in the sum of
S$750,000.00 into the 1st Defendant’s account.

12 LSS disagreed with Helen and took issue with para 14 of her affidavit. In
his affidavit, LSS deposed that the discussions which led to the signing of
the handwritten settlement agreement took place amongst the three lawyers who
acted for the parties, _viz_ himself, Lai Swee Fung (acting for the third
defendant) and Helen (for the plaintiff), on the premise that each solicitor
spoke on behalf of his/her client without the parties being present.

13 LSS could not recall Helen having raised what the plaintiff now alleged in
para 6(o) above (that there was to be proper and/or due diligence done in
relation to the shares to be transferred to the plaintiff). He also could not
recall Helen asking for the documents the plaintiff had requested in para 6(f)
above. He said he took grave exception to the plaintiff’s allegation that
there had been a mistake and/or misrepresentation which implicated the
defendants and made insinuations on the probity and conduct of both the
Company and the second defendant, particularly when the allegation was not
captured in the pleadings of this case or a separate statement of claim.

_The settlement agreement_

14 It would be appropriate to set out the terms of the settlement agreement at
this juncture. They were:

By consent

1 The plaintiff shall discontinue the action herein in Suit No. 146 of 2007
with no liberty to file afresh;

2 No order as to costs;

3 Ng Say Kah the 3rd defendant shall transfer 235 shares of par value $1,000
each to the plaintiff within fourteen (14) days from the date of the
settlement;

4 that the terms of the settlement agreement shall be private and confidential
by all parties involved and by parties whether directly or indirectly
involved.

The pleadings

15 It would also be appropriate at this juncture to look at the plaintiff’s
pleadings. In her statement of claim, the plaintiff (who is a medical
practitioner) described the Company’s business as that of brokering in
securities, investments, commodities and financial options. The two defendants
were officers of the Company. The plaintiff then narrated the facts set out in
para 6(b) to (h) above. She alleged that the two defendants made false
representations to induce her to invest $750,000 in the Company. As a result,
she had suffered loss and damage. She claimed the sum of $750,000 from the
Company and the two defendants.

16 In the joint defence of the Company and the second defendant as well as in
the separate defence filed by the third defendant, the Company and the two
defendants _inter alia_ denied the plaintiff’s allegations as well as her
alleged loss and damage. The Company and the second defendant averred that if
the third defendant made any representations or promises to the plaintiff, he
had done so in his own personal capacity and not as a representative of the
Company. They had no knowledge of what the third defendant said to the
plaintiff.

17 The third defendant pointed out that, in any case, there could not have
been an oral agreement reached in early 2003 when the Company was only
incorporated on 5 December 2003. He had introduced the second defendant, a
former banker, to the plaintiff in or about December 2002 or early 2003 and
the relationship between the second defendant and the plaintiff was strictly
that of a patient-doctor. There was no and could not have been any, discussion
of the plaintiff investing in the Company as the plaintiff alleged when the
idea of incorporating the Company had not even been mooted.

18 It would again be unnecessary to consider the defendants’ defences in
further detail because of the settlement agreement.

The submissions

19 I turn next to the submissions of the parties. Not surprisingly, the
Company and the two defendants were aligned in their arguments that the
defendant’s application should be allowed and the plaintiff’s application
should conversely be dismissed. Counsel for the plaintiff presented the
opposite submissions.

_The plaintiff’s submissions_

20 The plaintiff’s arguments dwelt at length on the facts leading up to her
claim in this suit. She alleged that at the hearing before Woo J on 12
November 2007, it was agreed between the parties and acknowledged that the
plaintiff’s monies were paid as investments into the Company. It was on that
premise that the defendants departed from their defence(s) and agreed that by
virtue of the plaintiff’s investments into the Company, the third defendant
would transfer his shares to the plaintiff.

21 The assumption then of the plaintiff whether unilateral or otherwise, which
induced her to enter into this settlement agreement, was clearly based on the
mistaken belief that her monies were paid into the Company and it would be so
invested. She had no other basis to settle the matter. As such, the plaintiff
would have no reason to enter into a compromise settlement that would detract
from her contentions as set out in her pleadings, for the failure to provide
the documentation she had requested went to the very core of the matter, that
the monies were not invested into the Company. Otherwise, it would be fraud on
the plaintiff as she would have been cheated of paying over $750,000 and not
having it used for the purpose for which it was paid over.

22 As such, the plaintiff entered into the settlement agreement with the
defendants on a mistaken apprehension as to her relative rights, i.e. she was
operating under a mistake of law and fact. It was envisaged that if there was
to be a transfer of shares in consideration of the $750,000 paid by the
plaintiff, a logical and legitimate expectation was that there would be proper
and/or due diligence performed in relation to the shares to be transferred so
that the settlement agreement would be a bona fide settlement which would not
defeat the interests of justice.

23 Counsel for the plaintiff argued that the cases _Ong & Co Pte Ltd v Ong
Choon Huat Watson_ [1994] 1 SLR 491and _Chai Chung Ching Chester v Diversey
(Far East) Pte Ltd_ [1991] SLR 769 could be distinguished in this regard. She
urged the court to follow instead the Malaysian decision in _Phuah Beng Chooi
@ Koh Kim Kee & Ors v Koh Heng Jin @ Koh Heng Leong & Ors_ [2007] 2 MLJ 458
and, under its inherent jurisdiction, to vary, modify or even extend its own
order so as to express its intention and meaning correctly in order to ensure
that the purposes of justice are not defeated.

_The defendants’ arguments_

24 Counsel for the third defendant pointed out that the plaintiff’s affidavit,
highlighted at [6] above, raised extrinsic matters that were inadmissible and
which were to be excluded under s 96 of the Evidence Act (Cap 97, Rev 1997
edn) (citing _Tan Hock Keng v L &M Group Investments Ltd_ [2001] 4 SLR 428).
The terms of the settlement agreement were plain and unambiguous, in
particular clause 1 at [14] above. The document was drafted by lawyers in
court in the midst of legal proceedings and duly signed by the parties prior
to being tabled before the trial judge. The plaintiff already had had her day
in court – what more did she expect the court and the defendants to do?

25 Counsel for the Company and the second defendant attacked the plaintiff’s
application as misconceived. The correct course of action would have been for
the plaintiff to assert her rights pertaining to the settlement agreement by
commencing a fresh action. Reliance was placed on extracts from _The Law and
Practice of Compromise_ by David Foskett (Sweet & Maxwell, 6th edition 2005).
At page 116 para 6-20 the learned author stated:

A judgment or order by consent is binding until set aside. Fresh proceedings
must be commenced if it is sought to set aside a final judgment or order by
consent.

The learned author added at page 207 para 12-02:

The procedure for seeking a judicial rescission of a compromise agreement is
identical to that required in relation to any other contract. A fresh action
is needed seeking an order setting aside the agreement with consequential
directions.

Then at page 85 para 5-10 of the same text, it was said:

……It is established law that in order to determine the common intention of the
parties to an agreement reduced to writing, whether purely as a written
contract or as an agreement embodied in a consent order or judgment, the
intention of the parties must be construed by reference to the document or
order itself; extrinsic evidence of what may or may not have been in the minds
of the parties at the time of their agreement is not admissible for this
purpose.

26 The two parties also took issue with the plaintiff’s application on another
ground – it was incorrect to apply to a high court judge to set aside a
consent order made by another judge of coordinate jurisdiction, citing _Poh
Soon Kiat v Hotel Ramada Nevada trading as Tropicana Resort & Casino_ [1999] 4
SLR 391.

27 It was noteworthy that in her affidavit filed in support of the plaintiff’s
application, the plaintiff gave no explanation for her silence between 12
November 2007 and 14 December 2007, when her lawyers raised for the first time
to the third defendant’s solicitors the issue of due diligence and requested
copies of ten items of documents relating to the Company. The third
defendant’s solicitors replied to say the request was an afterthought as it
was never raised in the course of negotiations.

28 It was further pointed out that the plaintiff’s claim was for a refund of
her invested sums of $750,000. How then could it be envisaged that there was
to be a proper and/or due diligence done in relation to the shares to be
transferred to her? Transfer of shares to the plaintiff was the settlement the
parties agreed to in lieu of but it was never part of, the plaintiff’s claim.

The decision

29 When I inquired of counsel for the plaintiff, he did not deny what had been
stated in the third defendant’s affidavit (at [5]) filed in support of the
defendant’s application. That being the case, the only issue the court had to
determine was whether the plaintiff was precluded by the settlement agreement
from raising/imposing new conditions for the implementation of its terms. I
was of the view that the plaintiff could not, based on the law as encapsulated
in some of the authorities cited by the parties.

30 Counsel for the plaintiff had sought to distinguish my decision in _Ong &
Co Pte Ltd v Ong Choon Huat Watson_ (_supra_ [23]). There, the plaintiffs had
sued the defendant for a declaration that the transfer of a country club
membership by the plaintiffs’ judgment debtor Christopher Chua (“Chua”) to the
defendant was void and that the membership was held in trust for them by the
defendant. A settlement was reached whereby the plaintiffs agreed to
relinquish their claim in consideration for an agreed sum. Before the agreed
sum was paid up, Chua was adjudged a bankrupt. The country club then informed
the defendant that under its rules, Chua had ceased to be a member upon his
bankruptcy. Accordingly, Chua’s conversion of his membership to a transferable
one and his subsequent transfer to the defendant was of no effect. The
defendant applied to set aside the settlement agreement while the plaintiffs
brought proceedings to enforce the settlement.

31 I had there dismissed the plaintiffs’ claim and held that whilst a court
would normally not look behind a settlement reached bona fide between the
parties, where there was a misapprehension of fact which went to the root of
the compromise, shared by both parties, it would vitiate the agreement. Since
the existence of the club membership was fundamental to the settlement reached
between the parties, the agreement would be set side.

32 The earlier case _Chai Chung Ching Chester & Others v Diversey (Far East)
Pte Ltd_ (_supra_ [23]) also concerned a settlement agreement reached prior to
trial (in a suit taken out by the defendants) between the parties most of
which terms were recorded in a consent order of court. The defendants sought
to argue subsequently that the settlement agreement was ambiguous in that
their entitlement to costs did not specify whether fees they had paid to
accountants and other professionals were covered thereunder. They attempted to
introduce extrinsic evidence leading up to the settlement agreement to resolve
the dispute with the plaintiffs. The court held that the settlement agreement
was clear and unambiguous and in the absence of evidence of a common mistake,
the court would not rectify the agreement.

33 Counsel for the plaintiff did not elaborate on how the above two cases
could be distinguished from the present. In the absence of such submissions, I
did not accept that the two authorities were not applicable. It bears noting
that the terms of the settlement agreement at [14] are clear and unambiguous.
There was therefore no basis for the introduction of extrinsic evidence to
clarify or to elaborate on the factual matrix that led to, the terms. Above
all, the settlement terms were negotiated by the three firms of solicitors
acting for all the parties. I cannot imagine that the plaintiff would not have
told her counsel that the transfer of shares to her was subject to a
satisfactory due diligence exercise being first conducted on the Company, if
indeed that was her pre-condition to accepting 235 shares instead of a refund
of the $750,000 she had invested, in the Company.

34 The plaintiff had argued (at [22]) that she had entered into the settlement
agreement with the Company and the two defendants under a mistake of law and
fact due to a misapprehension of her rights. As a general rule, money paid
under a mistake as to the general law, or as to the legal effect of the
circumstances under which it is paid, but with full knowledge of the facts was
irrecoverable (see _Chitty on Contracts_ Sweet & Maxwell , 29th edition 2004
Volume 1 p 1656 para 29-040).

35 Before a court will set aside a settlement agreement on the ground of a
mistake of fact, it must be a common mistake that nullifies consent. If it is
an operative mistake, the settlement agreement is said to be void _ab initio._
In this case, the plaintiff did not claim the “mistake” was a common mistake.
Nowhere in the plaintiff’s affidavit or in the affidavit of Helen (or for that
matter that of Nicholas) was there mention that the alleged mistake was shared
by the Company and/or the two defendants. Instead, her counsel’s submissions
(at [22]) made it clear that the mistake, if indeed there was one, was a
unilateral mistake on the part of the plaintiff.

36 At law, not all unilateral mistakes will be operative and affect the terms
of a contract. A mistake as to the terms of the contract if known to the other
party may affect the contract. Further, it is not sufficient that one party
knows the other has entered the contract under a mistake of some kind. _The
mistake must relate to the terms of the contract._ If it relates, for example,
to what is the subject-matter that is being bought and sold, the mistake is as
to the terms and may prevent there being a contract; but if the mistake is
merely to the quality or the substance of the thing contracted for, it will be
an error in motive and it is well established that an error in motive will not
avoid a contract (see _Chitty on Contracts_ [34] _supra_ at p 403-405 para
5-063 and 5-065). Consequently, the unilateral mistake made by the plaintiff
would not suffice to set aside the settlement agreement. She knew shares in
the Company would be transferred to her; she unilaterally thought the transfer
was conditional on a satisfactory due diligence exercise being carried out on
the Company. That condition did not affect the transfer of the shares to her.

37 In any event, the plaintiff’s application failed _in limine_ as she should
have commenced fresh proceedings to set aside the settlement agreement. The
proceedings herein were spent even if they were not discontinued, once the
settlement agreement was signed and recorded by Woo J. It therefore served no
purpose for the plaintiff to resurrect what took place before the trial judge.

38 I accepted the arguments of counsel for the two defendants and the Company
that the plaintiff had given no valid grounds why she should not be held to
her end of the bargain, _viz_ in exchange for the unconditional transfer to
her of 235 shares in the Company by the third defendant, she was to
discontinue this suit.

39 As there were no merits to the plaintiff’s application I dismissed it. In
turn, I granted the defendant’s application to enforce the settlement
agreement.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 19 Sep 2008 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

