Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Lai Shit Har and Another v Lau Yu Man  
[2008] SGCA 33

Case Number | : | CA 97/2007, CWU 110/2006  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 28 July 2008  
Tribunal/Court | : | Court of Appeal  
Coram | : |  Chan Sek Keong CJ; V K Rajah JA; Woo Bih Li J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Tan Bar Tien and Winston Quek Seng Soon (B T Tan & Company) for the appellants; Philip Jeyaretnam SC, Ajinderpal Singh, Elizabeth Yeo and Zhulkarnain Abdul Rahim (Rodyk & Davidson LLP) for the respondent   
Parties | : |  Lai Shit Har; Wong Yiat Hong Raymond — Lau Yu Man   
  
Companies – Winding up – Applicant for winding up being sued by company for
breach of director's duties – Application brought long after ground for
winding up came into existence – Whether winding-up application an abuse of
process – Duty of judge in evaluating merits of winding-up application  
  

28 July 2008 |   
---|---  
  
V K Rajah JA (delivering the grounds of decision of the court):

**Introduction**

1 This is an appeal against the decision of the High Court judge (“the Judge”)
in _Lau Yu Man v Wellmix Organics (International) Pte Ltd_ [2007] SGHC 223
(“the second GD”), where he ordered that Wellmix Organics (International) Pte
Ltd (“the Company”) be wound up pursuant to s 254(1)(_c_) of the Companies Act
(Cap 50, 2006 Rev Ed) on the basis that the Company had suspended its business
for more than a year. This winding-up order followed hard on the heels of the
Judge’s refusal to grant an extension of time to the Company to make good its
persistent disregard of the requirements of the Companies Act and the
Companies Regulations (Cap 50, Rg 1, 1990 Rev Ed) in accordance with his
earlier order in _Lau Yu Man v Wellmix Organics (International) Pte Ltd_
[2007] SGHC 96 (“the first GD”). The appellants vigorously contested the
winding-up order on the basis that the Judge failed to assess all the relevant
factors in exercising his discretion to wind up the Company, including the
consideration that the winding-up application was in itself an abuse of
process.

2 Having carefully considered the submissions of both parties and reviewed the
evidence before us, we allowed the appeal. We now give the detailed grounds
for our decision.

**Background facts**

3 The appellants comprise Mdm Lai Shit Har, an 85-year-old lady who is the
majority shareholder of the Company, as well as Wong Yiat Hong (“Wong”), her
son and the general manager of the Company.

4 The respondent, Lau Yu Man, is a director and minority shareholder of the
Company. The respondent also has a variety of business interests abroad,
including a group of companies bearing the “Wellmix” name based in Hong Kong
(“the Wellmix Group”). The parent company of the Wellmix Group is Cheer Union
Development Ltd (“CUDL”), in which the respondent is the chairman of the board
of directors. It is an assumed fact in these proceedings that the respondent
controls the Wellmix Group and CUDL.

5 The Company was incorporated on 15 October 1998 to distribute fertiliser
procured from the Wellmix Group. It is not disputed that the respondent
invested $100,000 in the Company in exchange for a 10% shareholding in the
Company. In addition, the appellants were obliged to arrange for the injection
of a further $500,000 as additional capital for the Company. However, whether
or not they did so is in issue.

6 Sadly, less than two years after the Company was incorporated, an
intractable dispute emerged between the respondent and Wong as to whether the
Company’s distributorship included the exclusive right to distribute Wellmix
fertilisers in Malaysia. From that point on, the parties’ relationship entered
into a downward spiral and soon irretrievably broke down. Litigation ensued.

**_Events leading to the winding-up application_**

7 In 2000, the Company initiated proceedings in Suit No 600041 of 2000 against
CUDL, alleging the supply of defective goods, as well as a breach of contract
arising from the award of the Malaysian distributorship of Wellmix fertilisers
to a company known as MATTRA. Although there was a proposed compromise in that
action, where CUDL was to pay the Company $20,000 in consideration of the
Company removing the word “Wellmix” from its name as well as relieving the
respondent of his directorship in the Company, the compromise was never
implemented. Nevertheless, the Company discontinued Suit No 600041 of 2000 on
11 May 2000.

8 On 26 May 2001, the Company filed Suit No 642 of 2001 (“the Suit”), claiming
approximately $12.8m in damages and losses for the respondent’s alleged breach
of his duties as a director of the Company. The Company alleged that the
respondent had breached his fiduciary duties by poaching clients of the
Company, including MATTRA, for the benefit of CUDL or the Wellmix Group. The
respondent robustly denied this and contended that he had been induced to
become a director of the Company because of misrepresentations made by Wong.

9 The Suit has been ongoing since 26 May 2001. Delays occurred early on, with
the respondent only entering an appearance more than a year after setting
aside an interlocutory judgment in default of appearance obtained by the
Company. The Company, in turn, only filed its summons for directions more than
a year after the defence was filed, perhaps because of a change of solicitors.
Although the trial was eventually scheduled to commence on 30 August 2004, the
hearing was delayed and rescheduled to 4 July 2005 because the Company
required more time to file and exchange affidavits of evidence-in-chief as
well as to amend its statement of claim. Further interlocutory applications
caused the trial date to be vacated once again and finally, on 15 June 2006,
the trial was fixed for hearing on 21 August 2006. However, yet again the
hearing of the trial did not materialise. On 31 July 2006, shortly before the
trial was to commence, the respondent filed an application for security of
costs, further discovery and the production of proof that the Company had
authority to commence the Suit. An assistant registrar heard the application
on 10 August 2006. He stayed the action pending production by the Company of
ratification of the action. The Company appealed against this order on 23
August 2006. In response, only three days later, on 26 August 2006, the
respondent applied to wind up the Company.

**_The Judge’s first decision_**

10 Upon hearing the winding-up application on 5 February 2007, the Judge found
that the Company had suspended its business since 2001 and that it was being
kept alive purely to sustain the action against the respondent – indeed, this
claim was the Company’s only asset (see the first GD at [11]). The Judge also
unhappily noted that the Company was in “disarray” and “not operated as a
company” (_ibid_); it had additionally failed to maintain proper audited
accounts in compliance with the Companies Act and the Companies Regulations
since inception.

11 Nevertheless, invoking his generous discretion pursuant to s 254(1)(_c_) of
the Companies Act, the Judge considered that winding up the Company would
“suppress a claim by an impecunious plaintiff (the Company … )” (_ibid_). In
the words of the Judge (at [10]):

[The Company] is hampered by a _lack of resources_ as [the respondent] was the
main financier and, combined with the long interlocutory battles that have
dragged the case over five years, _the Company has reached breaking point in
terms of its ability to continue the suit_. [emphasis added]

12 In order to assuage the Judge’s concerns about the suppression of the
appellant’s claims, counsel for the respondent gave an undertaking that the
respondent would only seek from the liquidator prospective costs if the
liquidator decided to proceed with the suit. This undertaking was reiterated
when we heard the present appeal.

13 Faced with the conflicting interests of the respondent as a contributor who
wanted the Company to be put into the hands of an independent liquidator so
that he could discover how his $100,000 had been utilised and whether the
further $500,000 had been injected into the Company on the one hand, and of
Mdm Lai as a main shareholder who desired the Company to carry on business on
the other, the Judge concluded that this was a “difficult case” (at [12]).
Ultimately, he accepted the suggestion of counsel for the Company and directed
that the Company take steps to file its audited accounts to rectify its
previous breaches and comply with the Companies Act and the Companies
Regulations within four months (ending 5 June 2007). He adjourned the
application and gave liberty to the respondent to apply for a winding-up order
after 5 June 2007 if the Company failed to comply by that date.

**_The Judge’s second decision_**

14 The Company failed to file its audited accounts. On 6 June 2007, counsel
for the respondent requested the Registry to restore the winding-up
application for hearing. About one month later, on 4 July 2007, the Company
filed Summons No 2865 of 2007 requesting an extension of time to file its
audited accounts as well as a further adjournment of the winding-up
application.

15 The Judge heard both applications on 16 July 2007. He subsequently
explained his approach in assessing the competing views as follows (see the
second GD at [7]):

[T]his has been a difficult case and a finely balanced matter. On 5 February
2007 it seemed to me that it would tilt in the company’s favour if I gave it
four months to comply. In the circumstances that obtained on 16 July 2007,
particularly in view of the fact that Wong had been given his chance and not
only was he unable to seize it, I was not convinced that he made much effort
to do so. In the circumstances I was of the view that the best course of
action would be to order the winding up of the company rather than delay it
any further.

The Judge accordingly refused to grant an extension of time and, after hearing
the winding-up application in open court, ordered the Company to be wound up
pursuant to s 254(1)(_c_) of the Companies Act (_ibid_).

16 We note at this juncture that although the appellants appealed against this
order, they did not appeal against the Judge’s orders on 5 February 2007 or
the findings contained in the first GD.

**Issues arising on appeal**

17 In their written submissions, the appellants identified two issues – the
first related to whether the Judge had wrongly refused to grant an extension
of time for the Company to comply with the Companies Act and the Companies
Regulations and the second was whether the Judge had erred in winding up the
Company on 16 July 2007. It was unnecessary for us to consider the first issue
because our determination on the second issue resolved the entire matter.

18 As we saw it, the real issues that surfaced in this appeal were as follows:

(a) whether the winding-up application was an abuse of process; and

(b) whether the Judge erred in ordering the Company to be wound up without
holistically evaluating the merits of the case.

**Our decision**

19 In our judgment, the respondent’s winding-up application was an abuse of
process because the respondent only initiated the application several years
after the ground relied on for winding up had come into existence (see [10]
above) and, even more crucially, only after the Company’s suit against the
respondent had, after several procedural lapses on the part of both parties,
painfully reached a decisive stage (see [11] above). It could be readily
inferred from these facts that the application was brought for the collateral
purpose of preventing the Company from pursuing its suit against the
respondent altogether or, at the very least, to make it more costly and time-
consuming for the Company to do so. The respondent could not plausibly explain
why it had until then allowed and indeed participated in adopting an
altogether different process to resolve his disputes with the appellants. This
was, to put it in a nutshell, our primary reason for allowing the appeal.

20 As a secondary point, we also think it is important to underscore the duty
of a judge, in appropriate cases, to assess all the material evidence and
consider all the relevant issues before him before exercising his discretion
to wind up a company. Based on the grounds of decision given by the Judge and
the notes of argument, we found that the Judge failed to adequately appraise
and appreciate the merits of the winding-up application before he made the
winding-up order.

21 Although there was no appeal against the Judge’s initial decision made on 5
February 2007, we felt it was also necessary to review this decision together
with the second decision of 16 July 2007. Both decisions were closely
intertwined. In the second GD, the Judge quoted extensively from the first GD
and it was evident that his earlier findings heavily influenced his subsequent
decision. Further, the Judge seemed to suggest in the second GD that his
decision of 16 July 2007 inevitably flowed from the appellants’ failure to
comply with the order made on 5 February 2007 (see [15] above). In these
circumstances, it was only appropriate for us to consider both the Judge’s
first and second decisions in this appeal.

**_Abuse of process_**

22 The court has inherent jurisdiction to prevent an abuse of its processes.
In _Chee_ _Siok Chin v Minister for Home Affairs_ [2006] 1 SLR 582 at [34] (“
_Chee Siok Chin_ ”) the Singapore High Court set out four categories of the
type of proceedings that would amount to an “abuse of process”, one of which
was “proceedings where the _process of the court [was] not being fairly or
honestly used but [was] employed for some ulterior or improper purpose or in
an improper way_ ” [emphasis in original]. _Chee Siok Chin_ has most recently
been followed in _NCC International AB v Alliance Concrete Singapore Pte Ltd_
[2008] 2 SLR 565 at [71].

23 In the present context, it has also been recognised that a winding-up
application brought for a collateral purpose may be summarily dismissed as
being an abuse of process. In _Re_  _Mechanised Construction Pte Ltd_ [1989]
SLR 533, a winding-up order was sought on the basis that the company was
unable to pay its debts. The debt was allegedly owed pursuant to a sales
contract whereby the creditor company agreed to supply, fabricate and install
structural steelworks for the debtor company in connection with a school
construction project. Unfortunately there were delays in completing the works
and the debtor company eventually ceased making payments. The debtor company,
_inter alia_ , challenged the value placed on the amount of work done and also
took issue with the slow progress of the works; on the other hand, the
creditor company alleged that it had been given the site late and was not
bound by previous timelines. Chao Hick Tin JC found that the application was
brought for the improper purpose of enforcing payment of a debt which was
_bona fide_ disputed and dismissed the petition as an abuse of process.

24 Here, the remarkable timing of the winding-up application unequivocally
affirmed that it must have been brought solely for the collateral purpose of
either seriously delaying or wholly derailing the Suit.

25 First, the winding-up application was brought after a very substantial
delay from the time when the ground relied on for winding up had surfaced and
long after the initiation of the Suit. The principal ground that the
respondent relied on for winding up the Company, that the Company had
suspended its business for a whole year, had come into existence in 2002 – a
year after the Company suspended its business in 2001 (see [10] above). Yet,
the respondent only brought the winding-up application on 26 August 2006,
approximately four years later. Counsel for the respondent proffered two
reasons for the delay in making the winding-up application. The first was that
the financial disarray of the Company was discovered only in August 2006 when
the respondent obtained inspection of the Company’s records. We did not find
this explanation persuasive because the respondent had only attempted to gain
access to the Company’s records very late in the day – the letters exhibited
by the respondent in which he sought disclosure of the Company’s accounts are
dated 13 October 2005 and 20 October 2005. This was despite the respondent
having been aware as early as 27 December 2002 that the Company’s accounts
were not properly kept, when the respondent’s then solicitors, M/s Tan Lee &
Partners, sent a letter to the company secretary of the Company. In that
letter, the respondent’s solicitors stated that the respondent had received a
reminder from the Registry of Companies to file the annual returns of the
Company before 4 February 2003, failing which proceedings would be brought
against the respondent as an officer of the Company. The subsequent
correspondence confirmed that the issue was never resolved. The second reason
given to us was that the respondent had only been advised of the option of
winding up the Company after a change of solicitors on 19 July 2006. We do not
doubt that the respondent was so advised, but it could not justify such a late
application in circumstances which clearly demonstrated that the only motive
for winding up the Company was to prevent or delay the Suit from proceeding as
scheduled.

26 Second, the chronology of events prior to the filing of the winding-up
application had also significantly contributed to our finding of a collateral
purpose. Although the trial of the Suit was set for 21 August 2006, the
respondent only filed, at the eleventh hour, an application for security for
costs, further discovery and the production of proof that the Company had
authority to commence the Suit, on 31 July 2006. On 10 August 2006, an
assistant registrar heard the application and ordered a stay pending
production by the Company of evidence of the ratification of the action. On 23
August 2006, the Company appealed, _inter alia_ , against the assistant
registrar’s order staying the proceedings. We thought it telling that even
before these issues for security of costs, discovery and ratification could be
resolved, the respondent suddenly decided to initiate the winding-up
application on 26 August 2006.

27 In addition to the timing of the application, the respondent’s statement in
his reply affidavit filed on 2 October 2006 was further confirmation that the
winding-up application was brought for a collateral purpose. The respondent
stated at para 14 of his reply affidavit[note: 1] that:

[The inspection of the Company’s records on 2 August 2006] fortifies my belief
that the Company has not been properly run at all since 2000. _It has been
kept in existence only as a shell behind which … Wong can hide and pursue
litigation against me, hoping that I will pay him off. This is why I took up
this winding up application against the Company._ [emphasis added]

In our view, if the respondent’s genuine concern was that the Company was
being used as an oppressive vehicle against him, the proper cause of action
would be a minority oppression action under s 216 of the Companies Act and not
a winding-up application. This statement plainly and, perhaps, unwittingly
reveals the true intention of the respondent in bringing the winding-up
application, which was to smother the Suit.

28 Counsel for the respondent strenuously denied that the winding-up
application was brought for an improper purpose. He argued that even if the
Company were wound up, the liquidator could still continue with the Suit if it
was deemed to be in the best interests of the Company. It was also possible,
he added, for the liquidator to cede control over the Suit to the appellants
if the appellants were willing to fund the Suit. Finally, counsel for the
respondent relied on the respondent’s undertaking to seek only prospective
costs from the liquidator in respect of the Suit as proof that there was no
intention to disrupt the prosecution of the Suit. We were not convinced by
these arguments.

29 The fact remains that if the Company were wound up and a liquidator
appointed before the trial, time would unavoidably be needed to resolve the
underlying dispute. In the process, perhaps substantially more costs would be
incurred. The respondent’s undertaking also rings hollow when viewed in the
light of the timing of the winding-up application. If the respondent had no
intention to delay or derail the Suit, he could still have commenced the
winding-up application immediately after the Suit had been resolved against
him. No reason was given to us as to why this could not have been done. In
fact, since the respondent had already waited approximately four years to
bring the winding-up application, it could not be credibly said that there was
any urgency in resolving that particular issue. We therefore quite readily
concluded that the winding-up application was an abuse of process.

**_Duty of judge to evaluate merits of winding-up application_**

30 It was, in our view, on the facts of this matter plainly incumbent on the
Judge to evaluate the merits of the winding-up application before making the
winding-up order at the second hearing. Such an evaluation required the Judge
to carefully consider and assess all the relevant issues before him.

31 A case on point, which we drew counsel’s attention to, was _In the Matter
of the Companies Ordinance, Cap 32 and in the Matter of_ _Power Point
Engineering Limited_ [2000] HKCFI 800; [2000] HKCU 501 (“ _Re Power Point
Engineering_ ”), a decision of the High Court of Hong Kong. That case
similarly concerned a contributories’ petition to wind up a company on, _inter
alia_ , the basis that the company had suspended its business for a whole year
under s 177(1)(b) of the Companies Ordinance (Cap 32) (HK), which is the
equivalent of s 254(1)(_c_) of the Companies Act. The company was a joint
venture set up by the two petitioning contributories and the opposing
contributory to assume the role of a sub-contractor in certain large-scale
government projects. It commenced work for the main contractor on the projects
on 1 April 1998 but was then instructed to stop work two weeks later on 15
April 1998. The company engaged in no further business after that.
Subsequently, the main contractor awarded the sub-contracting work to another
company that had been newly formed by the girlfriend and wife respectively of
the two petitioners on 28 April 1998.

32 The court first considered the chronology of events and noted, in relation
to s 177(1)(b) of the Company’s Ordinance, that although it was plain that the
company had not carried on business since 15 April 1998, it still had to
“enquire into the reasons _why [the company] had to cease business_ ”
[emphasis added] (at [45]). On the facts of the case, the court concluded that
compelling circumstances existed requiring the court to carefully appraise the
exercise of its discretion to make a winding-up order. The court found that
the suspension of the company’s business was solely attributable to the
petitioners’ breach of fiduciary duty – they had acted in concert with the
main contractor to oust the company from the projects – and held at [46] that:

[W]here the relevant misconduct was causative of the circumstances giving rise
to the discretion, _prima facie_ , the absence of clean hands would disentitle
the petitioners to the relief sought.

In addition, the court considered that although the company had indeed lost
its substratum and there was a deadlock between the contributories, there was
another reason for it not to wind up the company, namely, that winding up the
company would prevent the company from making a claim against the petitioners
for their breach of fiduciary duty (at [47]):

The reality is that were [the court] to wind up the Company, _the liquidator
will have no funds with which to pursue any misfeasance proceedings against
the petitioners_. [emphasis added]

33 We agree with the principles relied on in _Re Power Point Engineering_. We
recapitulate. Although the statutory grounds for winding up a company may have
been technically established, the court retains the residual discretion to
consider all the relevant factors, including the utility, propriety and effect
of a winding-up order as well as the overall fairness and justice of the case,
before deciding whether or not to wind up the company. In the context of s
254(1)(_c_) of the Companies Act, this may include, in appropriate cases,
careful consideration as to whether the petitioner could have been responsible
in any meaningful way for the company’s suspension of business and whether
winding up the company would prevent the company from pursuing misfeasance
proceedings against the petitioner. _In most cases, this enquiry will be a
brief one, but in some, the court is duty-bound to evaluate the evidence and
weigh all the factors before making a determination._

34 This matter was one of those situations requiring a detailed and close
enquiry because the factual matrix gave rise to mixed issues of fact and law
apropos:

(a) whether the winding-up application was an abuse of process (as in the case
of _Re Mechanised Construction Pte Ltd_ described at [23] above);

(b) whether the respondent could have been responsible for the Company’s
business being suspended (as was the case in _Re Power Point Engineering_
described at [31]–[32] above); and

(c) whether the Company’s claim against the respondent in the Suit was a _bona
fide_ claim (see _Pacific Recreation Pte Ltd v S Y Technology Inc_ [2008] 2
SLR 491 at [17] and [23] where this court explained that a bona fide dispute
was one in which there were triable issues).

If the answer to any of the above issues was in the affirmative, that would be
good reason for the Judge to prevent the winding-up application from
proceeding further or to dismiss it entirely.

35 Although these issues were initially adverted to by the appellants (but,
quite naturally, not by the respondent) in the court below, the Judge
unfortunately failed to adequately consider them. This was evident from both
the first GD and the second GD where the Judge made no reference to any of the
issues, save for a comment on the last-mentioned issue (at [11] of the first
GD, quoted at [2] of the second GD):

The parties have not submitted to me on the strength of the Company’s claim
against Lau. I therefore made my decision on the basis that there is a claim
and there is a defence.

Apparently, the Judge did not consider whether the Company’s claim against the
respondent was a _bona fide_ one because the parties did not properly assist
him on such an issue.

36 The notes of argument provide a further insight into the Judge’s
uncertainty. On 5 February 2007, the Judge stated[note: 2] that:

Parties have not submitted to me on the strength of the Company’s claim
against the Plaintiff. _I don’t know if it is relevant for me in this
application to consider it_ , but as I’ve said, parties have not submitted to
me on this, and I make my decision on the basis that there is a claim and
there is a defence. [emphasis added]

The issue of the _bona fides_ of the Company’s claim _was_ indeed very
relevant to the winding-up application. As was held in _Pacific Recreation Pte
Ltd v S_  _Y_  _Technology Inc_ at [20]–[21], there is no obvious line
demarcating an enquiry into whether a _bona fide_ dispute exists and a
decision on the merits of the dispute itself; deciding whether or not a _bona
fide_ dispute exists may sometimes involve deciding on the merits of the
dispute itself. Here, however, the Judge need only have considered whether a
_bona fide_ dispute existed.

37  Instead, after denying the appellants an extension of time to comply with
his first order, the Judge proceeded to wind up the Company without more (see
[14] to [15] above). This apparently was the consequence of counsel agreeing
that a winding-up order would immediately ensue from the refusal to grant an
extension of time. In turn, this situation only arose because of the Judge’s
earlier order that the Company file its audited accounts. We would observe
that although this order was made at the suggestion of counsel for the
appellants, the Judge should not have taken it up as it only served to delay
the trial of the Suit. The Company, to the knowledge of the respondent, had
suspended its business for more than six years. If the respondent was
interested in the accounts of the Company, he would have asked for them much
earlier. In fact, he was only interested in winding up the Company to prevent
the Suit from being heard.

38 Counsel for the respondent relied on _Pham Thai Duc v PTS Australian
Distributor Pty Ltd_ [2005] NSWSC 98 (“ _Pham Thai Duc_ ”) and sought to
persuade us that, as in that case, a winding-up order had to be given to
ensure fairness in the present situation. We disagree.

39 In _Pham Thai Duc_ , the Supreme Court of New South Wales exercised its
discretion to wind up a company on the just and equitable ground that the
relationship between the petitioner and the opposing contributory, who were
the only shareholders and directors of the company, had irretrievably broken
down. In doing so, the court considered the effect of appointing a liquidator
on potential claims by the company and the issue of the petitioner’s fault and
held (at [16]–[18]) as follows:

It was submitted on behalf of Mr Tang [the opposing contributory] that the
court should, in its discretion, refuse a winding up order because of the
additional layer of cost by way of liquidator’s remuneration. That, of course,
is an incident of every winding up. _If a case for winding up is shown, it
will rarely, if ever, be appropriate to regard matters of cost alone as
sufficient to cause the court’s discretion to be exercised against the making
of an order._ In the present case, the company is said by each of its
principals to have a claim against the other principal. _In its present
configuration, the company is unable to make any informed and dispassionate
decisions on those alleged claims. If a liquidator is installed, he or she
will be in a position to do so, subject to practical considerations of cost
and funding_.

I mention in conclusion that _this is a case in which each party has
contributed to the breakdown upon which Mr Pham [the petitioner] relies in
pursuing his winding up application_ …

… In my opinion, [Mr Pham’s] apparent or arguable fault, viewed in the context
of the fault of Mr Tang, should not deter the court from making an order for
winding up on the just and equitable ground so that the paralysis to which I
have referred may be eliminated, a competent functionary (in the person of a
liquidator) may be placed in control of [the company’s] affairs and that
functionary may address the question of where the best interests of [the
company] lie regarding the litigation affecting it ...

[emphasis added]

40 In our judgment, the approach in _Pham Thai Duc_ is not relevant to the
present case. On the issue of the cost of appointing a liquidator, the
respondent has mistakenly submitted that, just as in _Pham Thai Duc_ , this
ought to carry little weight. In our view, that argument does not accurately
reflect the court’s principal holding in _Pham Thai Duc_. The court in _Pham
Thai Duc_ had placed little weight on costs simply because the countervailing
consideration was that installing a liquidator would allow the company to make
a proper assessment as to whether the claims against _either_ the petitioner
or opposing contributory were worth pursuing. This is consistent with the
principle that the court ought to consider and weigh all the relevant factors
before deciding whether or not to make a winding-up order. Here, there was no
claim made by the Company against the appellants, only one against the
respondent. There was therefore no similar need to have an impartial
liquidator to assess and resolve contradictory claims. Further, the relevance
of costs in the present proceedings was the result of a different issue
altogether – namely whether the winding-up application was an abuse of process
because its true purpose was to delay or derail the Company’s claim against
the respondent.

41 On the issue of fault, the court in _Pham Thai Duc_ found that both the
petitioner and the opposing contributory had contributed to the breakdown upon
which the winding-up application was based. In those circumstances, it was not
deterred by this factor in exercising its discretion to wind up the company.
In contrast, the Judge here made no finding as to whether or not the
respondent or the appellants had caused the Company to suspend its business.
Indeed, he could not do so on the available evidence. Rather than advancing
the respondent’s case, _Pham Thai Duc_ also illustrates the fundamental point
that, in appropriate cases, a court is bound to assess all the relevant
evidence and make findings on the material issues before it exercises its
discretion.

42 In the result, we were of the view that the Judge failed to properly
evaluate the merits of the winding-up application before making a winding-up
order. He did not consider the very live issues of whether the winding-up
application was an abuse of process, whether the respondent could have caused
the Company’s business to be suspended, and whether the Company had a _bona
fide_ claim against the respondent. We are not suggesting that it is incumbent
on a judge to invariably examine all such issues when the ground relied on for
the winding up of a company has been satisfied. However, when the basis for
the winding up is inextricably linked to critical facts that may have preceded
the existence of the ground relied on, a court may have to review the whole
matter holistically.

**Conclusion**

43 For the foregoing reasons we allowed the appeal and made no order as to
costs here and below. We also made the usual consequential orders. No costs
were awarded because both parties had also to bear responsibility for failing
to press the relevant issues before the Judge.

  

* * *

[note: 1]See Appellant’s Core Bundle vol 4 at p 847.

[note: 2]See Appellant’s Record of Appeal vol 9 at pp 1627–1628.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 28 Jul 2008 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

