Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Law Society of Singapore v Low Yong Sen  
[2008] SGHC 170

Case Number | : | OS 352/2008, SUM 1565/2008  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 08 October 2008  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Chao Hick Tin JA; Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA; V K Rajah JA   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Tan Jee Ming (Tan Jee Ming & Partners) and Srinivasan V N (Heng, Leong & Srinivasan) for the applicant; Respondent in person   
Parties | : |  Law Society of Singapore — Low Yong Sen   
  
Legal Profession – Show cause action – Whether respondent was guilty of gross
overcharging – Whether respondent was guilty of failure to disclose interest –
Rules 26(a) and 38 Legal Profession (Professional Conduct) Rules (Cap 161, R
1, 2000 Rev Ed) – Whether overcharging amounted to grossly improper conduct –
Appropriate sanction for gross overcharging – Relevant circumstances to be
taken into consideration  
  
Words and Phrases – "An interest in any matter" – Rule 26(a) Legal Profession
(Professional Conduct) Rules (Cap 161, R 1, 2000 Rev Ed)  
  

8 October 2008 |   
---|---  
  
Chao Hick Tin JA (delivering the grounds of decision of the court):

Introduction

1 The respondent, Low Yong Sen, is a lawyer of 15 years’ standing, having been
admitted to the Singapore Bar on 20 March 1993. A complaint was made against
him by one Dr Rayman Gao Zhiqiang (“Dr Gao”), who alleged that the respondent
had overcharged him in a conveyancing transaction. After the inquiry committee
appointed by the Law Society of Singapore (“the Law Society”) had issued its
report, the Council of the Law Society referred the complaint for formal
investigation by a disciplinary committee (“the DC”). The Law Society
preferred four charges against the respondent before the DC, and the DC found
the respondent guilty of two – the first and the fourth charges (see _The Law
Society of Singapore v Low Yong Sen_ [2008] SGDC 3 (“the DC’s decision”)). The
Law Society then applied for an order for the respondent to show cause as to
why he should not be dealt with pursuant to s 83 of the Legal Profession Act
(Cap 161, 2001 Rev Ed) (“LPA”) in respect of the two charges he was found
guilty of by the DC. We heard the application on 30 July and 4 August 2008 and
held that the respondent was only guilty of the first charge for which we
imposed a punishment of six months’ suspension from practice. We ruled that he
was not guilty of the fourth charge. We now give our reasons.

Facts

2 The respondent was the sole proprietor of M/s Y S Low & Partners since 16
March 1995, focusing mainly on family law and corporate secretarial work. He
was assisted in his practice by his brother, Mr Michael Low Pong Seng (“Mr
Michael Low”), who was also his secretary. According to Mr Michael Low, he was
formerly an accounts assistant. On 9 March 1995, he started a business called
“High Business Services” (“HBS”), which rendered services relating to the
incorporation of companies and accounting. He was the sole proprietor of HBS
until 8 May 1998 when he apparently transferred the ownership of the business
to two of his relatives, Low Ban Lai and Ho Nyuk Lan, although he continued to
run the business as its manager. The DC found that the purported change in
ownership was merely cosmetic and that, in fact, Mr Michael Low continued to
be the beneficial owner of HBS (see the DC’s decision at [3]).

3 The respondent’s firm was located at 101 Upper Cross Street #04-40 People’s
Park Centre, Singapore 058357. This was also the business address of HBS as
registered with the Accounting and Corporate Regulatory Authority (“ACRA”),
although Mr Michael Low claimed that this address was just the “registered” or
mailing address of HBS and that he operated the business of HBS mainly from
home (see the DC’s decision at [4]).

4 In late 2005, Dr Gao and his wife, Mdm Li Pin (“Mdm Li”), engaged the
respondent to act for them in relation to the purchase of a terrace house at
45 Verde Grove, Singapore 688577. The terrace house was purchased for
$723,000, to be paid partly in cash and partly from funds in the Central
Provident Fund (“CPF”) accounts of Dr Gao and Mdm Li. By the respondent’s own
admission, this was the first private property transaction he had undertaken
since 1997. It was also the respondent’s evidence that he engaged a freelance
conveyancing secretary called Mr Alan Tan Cheng Tee (“Mr Alan Tan”) to assist
him in his litigation work and to undertake title searches and legal
requisitions in relation to conveyancing matters. There was also an
arrangement between Mr Michael Low and Mr Alan Tan for the latter to use HBS
as a vehicle to bill for his services.

5 For acting in this conveyance, the respondent rendered a bill dated 6
February 2006 to both Dr Gao and Mdm Li for a total sum of $27,990, made up of
the following:

(a) |  Professional fees |  $3,000  
---|---|---  
(b) |  Disbursements |   
|  (i) Valuation report |  $550  
|  (ii)  Title, cause book, bankruptcy and writ of seizure and sale searches |  $850  
|  (iii) Legal requisitions to eight government departments |  $1,850  
|  (iv) Road/drainage interpretation plans |  $250  
|  (v) Stamp fees |  $21,690  
|  (vi) Lodgment fees |  $450  
|  (vii) Transport, fax, telephone, photocopy charges and other incidentals |  _$350_  
|

> > > > > > > > Sub-total

|  $28,990  
(c) |  Less: Payment to account |  _($1,000)_  
|

> > > > > > > > Total

|  _$27,990_  
  
6 There was no dispute that there had been a miscalculation in the amount of
stamp fees as stated on the bill. The correct formula for calculating the
stamp fees payable was 3% of the sale price less $5,400. What occurred was
that the respondent failed to deduct the $5,400. Upon this error being pointed
out by the lawyers for the CPF Board, a sum of $5,321.70 ($5,400 less $78.30)
was soon refunded by the respondent to Dr Gao and Mdm Li. Excluding the stamp
fees payable on the purchase, the total sum of the other disbursements charged
added up to $4,300.

7 Dr Gao was unhappy with the fees and disbursements charged by the
respondent, as well as the $78.30 that had been deducted from the stamp fees
refund. Being unable to resolve the issue with the respondent, he lodged a
complaint with the Law Society on 27 February 2006, alleging that the
respondent had agreed to charge a net fee of $2,000 for the conveyance (_ie_ ,
inclusive of both professional fees and disbursements). Instead, the
respondent had billed Dr Gao and Mdm Li $3,000 for professional fees and
$4,300 for disbursements. They also said that, according to their own
investigations, the respondent had overcharged them for the disbursements.
Finally, Dr Gao expressed unhappiness at the fact that $78.30 had been
deducted from the stamp fees refund as “handling fees”.

8 The complaint was referred by the Law Society to an inquiry committee, in
the course of which the respondent agreed to and did make a refund of
$2,526.13 to Dr Gao and Mdm Li for disbursements that had been overcharged,
although it was not clear how this sum was derived (see the DC’s decision at
[12]).

The four charges

9 Before the DC, the respondent faced the following four charges relating to:

(a) overcharging in relation to both the professional fees of $3,000 and the
disbursements of $4,300;

(b) accepting instructions in a field of practice in which the respondent
possessed insufficient knowledge, skill or experience to competently represent
Dr Gao and Mdm Li in the transaction;

(c) delegating and relying on the opinion of an unauthorised person to advise
the respondent on title, legal requisitions and other necessary searches; and

(d) acting in conflict of interest or, alternatively, failing to disclose to
the clients that HBS was owned or operated by persons related to the
respondent.

The respondent denied all the charges.

10 After considering the evidence and the arguments, the DC concluded that
only the first and the fourth charges had been made out. It further determined
that cause of sufficient gravity existed for disciplinary action to be taken
against the respondent pursuant to s 83 of the LPA.

**_The first charge_**

11 The first charge read as follows:

You, Low Yong Sen of M/s Y S Low & Partners are charged that on or about 6
February 2006, at 101 Upper Cross Street #04-40 People’s Park Centre,
Singapore 058357, you did charge Mr Rayman Gao Zhiqiang and Madam Li Pin in
acting for them in respect of the purchase and CPF application relating to a
property situate at 45 Verde Grove, Singapore, for work done by you as [their]
solicitor for a professional fee of S$3,000.00 and disbursements of S$4,300.00
as evidenced by your Bill No. YSL 2408/06, which fee and disbursements were
far in excess of and disproportionate to what you were entitled to charge for
the services you rendered and such overcharging by you amounts to grossly
improper conduct in the discharge of your professional duty within the meaning
of S83(2)(b) of the Legal Profession Act (Cap 161).

12 Although the Law Society did not articulate the charge as such, it was
plain that it was proceeding under r 38 of the Legal Profession (Professional
Conduct) Rules (Cap 161, R 1, 2000 Rev Ed) (“PCR”), which reads:

**Gross overcharging**

**38.** An advocate and solicitor shall not render a bill (whether the bill is
subject to taxation or otherwise) which amounts to such gross overcharging
that will affect the integrity of the profession.

13 It was the Law Society’s case initially that _both_ the professional fees
and the disbursements charged were excessive. However, the DC took the view
that the Law Society had abandoned this ground in its closing submission, and,
in any event, that the $3,000 charged by the respondent for professional fees
did not constitute overcharging (see the DC’s decision at [24]–[27]).
Nonetheless, the Law Society maintained that the sum of $4,300 charged by the
respondent for disbursements was far in excess and disproportionate to what
the respondent was entitled to charge. According to the Law Society’s expert
witness, Mr Ernest Yogarajah Balasubramaniam (“Mr Balasubramaniam”), the fair
amount chargeable by the respondent for the disbursements should have been
around $1,385.62. The amounts charged and the fair amounts chargeable are
summarised in the following table:

**No** |  **Item** |  **Amount  
charged ($)** |  **Fair  
amount ($)** |  **Percentage  
overcharged**  
---|---|---|---|---  
1 |  Valuation report |  550.00 |  550.00 |  0%  
2 |  Title, cause book, bankruptcy and writ of seizure  
and sale searches |  850.00 |  471.50 |  80.28%  
3 |  Legal requisitions |  1,850.00 |  193.62 |  855.48%  
4 |  Road interpretation plans |  250.00 |  56.05 |  346.03%  
5 |  Lodgment fees |  450.00 |  64.45 |  598.21%  
6 |  Transport, fax, telephone, photocopy charges  
and other incidentals |  350.00 |  50.00 |  600%  
**Total disbursements** |  4,300.00 |  1,385.62 |  210.33%  
  
14 The respondent did not dispute Mr Balasubramaniam’s testimony and, on the
face of the evidence, it was patently clear that the disbursements charged by
the respondent were far in excess and disproportionate to what he was entitled
to charge (see the DC’s decision at [39]–[41]). However, the respondent
claimed the disbursements charged were merely passed on from the bills that Mr
Alan Tan had rendered to his firm, which were ostensibly for searches and
requisitions and for submitting the application of Dr Gao and Mdm Li to the
CPF online. This contention raised the following issue: Can a solicitor who
did not benefit from the overcharging of disbursements, as the full sum was in
fact and in good faith paid over to a third party, be nevertheless guilty of
overcharging?

15 The DC appeared to take the view that a solicitor who did not so personally
benefit from the overcharging could still be guilty of overcharging. In this
regard, the DC’s analysis (at [60] and [61]) bears closer examination:

We propose to begin at the beginning, which is with the principle that a
solicitor is to “charge fairly for work done”. The ethical principle that
underpins this norm of practice is that a solicitor should act honestly in the
discharge of his retainer. This principle, like all other ethical principles
or norms of practice, is meant to both protect the public and safeguard the
integrity and repute of the legal profession.

The principle **_can_** encompass a third party’s disbursements that are
charged by the solicitor to the client. _Clearly, the mere fact that the
solicitor is passing on the third party’s charges to the client does not mean
that his conduct falls outside the ambit of his duty to act honestly in the
discharge of his retainer. Even if he does not stand to directly benefit from
the third party’s charges he**may** be answerable for them._ It all depends on
the circumstances.

[emphasis added, emphasis in original in bold italics]

16 In our opinion, the above statement of the DC does not adequately
distinguish between wrongful conduct and overcharging. While overcharging by a
solicitor must necessarily constitute wrongful conduct, a solicitor’s wrongful
conduct need not entail overcharging. According to the DC, a solicitor has a
duty to act honestly in the discharge of his retainer, and even where he does
not stand to directly benefit from a third party’s charges, he can be
answerable for them. This proposition is in itself irrefutable, but the DC did
not explain why the respondent’s conduct should be characterised as
overcharging. The incertitude of the DC’s reasoning was further illustrated at
[64]:

_It follows therefore that the fact that the Respondent did not personally
derive or expect to derive a benefit from the disbursements overcharged_ – at
least in so far as Items 2 to 5 are concerned – _does not necessarily mean
that he cannot be guilty of grossly improper conduct._ [emphasis added]

17 In our opinion, the fact that the respondent was guilty of some improper
conduct in this case did not mean that overcharging was necessarily an
appropriate charge. Indeed, we leaned toward the view that for a solicitor to
be guilty of overcharging, he had to derive some personal benefit of sorts
from the inflated charges. However, we would refrain from positing a
conclusive opinion on this issue because, in any event, we found that the
respondent had benefited personally from the excessive disbursements charged.

_Respondent’s personal benefit_

18 Mr Michael Low and the respondent both claimed that the arrangement which
the respondent made with Mr Alan Tan did not generate any extra revenue for
HBS or, for that matter, the respondent. However, the DC found that Mr Michael
Low _had_ derived a benefit from the inflated disbursements (at [75] of the
DC’s decision):

These features strongly suggest that at least Mr Michael Low expected to
derive a benefit from the inflated disbursements that were billed to Dr Gao
and Mdm Li. They also suggest that the bills were designed in such a manner as
to give the appearance – in the event that they had to be disclosed to the
clients – that the disbursements billed by the Respondent were properly
supported and that they had been rendered by an entity that on the face of the
bills had no connection to the Respondent.

19 The DC did not make a finding as to whether the respondent himself had
benefited from the arrangement. In our view, this omission arose because of
the manner in which the Law Society had presented its case to the DC and this
is borne out from the following statement in the DC’s decision (at [56]):

Before we attempt to answer this question, we think it important to draw
attention to the fact that it was _not_ the Law Society’s case that the
Respondent stood to personally benefit (that is, he did not have a financial
interest in Mr Alan Tan’s charges) from his firm’s arrangement with Mr Alan
Tan. … **_[W]hile the Law Society was prepared to say that Mr Michael Low
stood to benefit from the arrangement, it did not say the same of the
Respondent_** _._

[emphasis added in bold italics]

20 Nonetheless, the DC went on to emphasise (_ibid_):

The Law Society _could_ have advanced such a case [that the respondent had
personally benefited] **_in view of the features of the arrangement that we
will scrutinize later_**.

[emphasis added in bold italics]

21 It would thus, at this juncture, be apposite to quote the DC’s observations
on the arrangement between the respondent’s firm, HBS and Mr Alan Tan (at
[68]–[74]):

68 The first feature – and this is really by way of reiteration – is that HBS
was owned and managed by a person related to the Respondent – his brother. Mr
Michael Low beneficially owned and was also the person actually operating HBS.
He also happened to be working for the Respondent as his secretary. Both the
Respondent and Mr Michael Low gave evidence that the arrangement with Mr Alan
Tan did not “generate any extra revenue for” HBS. Taken literally, this
statement is false. What is meant, we think, is that it was not intended for
HBS to receive the benefit of this revenue. Rather, it was intended for Mr
Alan Tan – although it became clear in the course of the hearing that the
Respondent has not in fact paid Mr Alan Tan.

69 Second, HBS’ place of business in ACRA’s records was the address of the
Respondent’s firm and HBS was listed on a board outside the premises of the
Respondent’s firm among the other companies and businesses that had their
registered offices or places of business at the Respondent’s office. Mr Low’s
evidence though was that he did not use the Respondent’s office as his place
of business – he said he operated from his home – but only used the
Respondents’ firm’s address as the mailing address for HBS.

70 Third, HBS was used as the “billing vehicle” for the services ostensibly
performed by Mr Alan Tan because, according to Mr Michael Low, Mr Alan Tan had
no “business name”. _There was no satisfactory explanation from Mr Michael Low
for this arrangement given his_ __ _evidence that Mr Alan Tan had told him
that he had been providing his services to other law_ _firms – and presumably
therefore billing these firms in his own name._ Mr Michael Low also confirmed
that he would not permit Mr Alan Tan to use HBS to bill any entity other than
the Respondent’s firm. In other words, it was only in billing for his services
to the Respondent’s firm that Mr Alan Tan used HBS.

71 Fourth, the bills rendered by HBS to the Respondent’s firm all bore an
address – 5001 Beach Road #03-73, Golden Mile Complex, Singapore 199588 – that
was in fact the address of a karaoke pub owned by Mr Michael Low. _We could
not understand Mr Low’s explanation_ __ _that the reason for using the karaoke
pub’s address as HBS’ address on the bills rendered was for_ _“segregation” of
bills._

72 Fifth, it was Mr Michael Low’s evidence that the entire format of the bills
from HBS was designed by Mr Alan Tan and that it was not in HBS’s usual
format. Further, there was in the top right-hand corner of the bills a
description of the services ostensibly provided by HBS, which was as follows:

(Service Provider |  \- Company searches & all legal searches  
---|---  
|  \- Title searches & legal requisitions on property  
|  \- Lodgment of all applications to government departments (HDB, EDB, CID,
CPF Board, MOM, ICA, etcs)  
|  \- Translation services  
  
This seemed an unnecessary embellishment if the only purpose of this form was
for billing the Respondent’s firm.

73 Sixth, _certain information that should have [been] there in the searches
and requisitions provided by_ __ _Mr Alan Tan through HBS was not there. It
did not contain the reference or identity of the person or_ _entity that had
done the searches and requisitions and information about the costs incurred.
This_ _information was deliberately omitted or blanked out._ This was
established through the evidence of Mr Balasubramaniam.

74 Seventh, the Respondent refunded $2,526.13 to Dr Gao in the course of the
proceedings before the Inquiry Committee apparently without any reference to
Mr Alan Tan and, by his own admission, he has not paid the remainder of the
disbursements to Mr Alan Tan. His explanation for this was that he was
awaiting the outcome of these proceedings before reaching a settlement with Mr
Alan Tan. It appeared to us that it was the Respondent who had the right of
disposal or allocation over the disbursements paid by his clients. If the
arrangement between his firm and Mr Alan Tan was genuine, his firm’s liability
to pay Mr Alan Tan the agreed rates could not depend on these proceedings.
From a contractual standpoint, the Respondent cannot purport to deduct what he
has refunded to Dr [Gao] from what he had agreed to pay Mr Alan Tan.

[emphasis added]

22 These findings gave us the same “sense of grave disquiet” as they had the
DC (see [67] of the DC’s decision). In addition, we did not fail to notice
that the one person who could have confirmed the respondent’s version of
events, Mr Alan Tan, was not called as a witness. Apart from the evidence of
the respondent and his brother, there was nothing to corroborate their story
regarding the arrangement with Mr Alan Tan on litigation matters and title
searches and legal requisitions, and for the latter to use HBS to bill for the
services. We were aware that Mr Alan Tan had filed a statutory declaration,
but the DC correctly ruled that it was inadmissible because Mr Alan Tan had
not been called to testify before the DC. In this regard, we would like to
highlight the DC’s remarks (at [45]):

There was in fact nothing to show that Mr Alan Tan had ever been involved in
the matter but for the evidence of the Respondent and Mr Michael Low and the
Statutory Declaration from Mr Alan Tan, which was inadmissible. Mr Michael Low
said that the five bills from HBS to the Respondent’s firm for the searches
and requisitions were all signed by Mr Alan Tan with his permission –
_although the signatures as they appear on these bills and Mr Alan_ __ _Tan’s
Statutory Declaration are completely different_. [emphasis added]

23 Given the findings stated above, we were prepared to go further than the DC
and conclude that the respondent had clearly benefited personally from the
overcharging of disbursements attributed to Mr Alan Tan (relating to title
searches, legal requisitions, road interpretation plans and lodgment fees: see
Items 2 to 5 of the table at [13] above). It was plain to us that the so-
called arrangement between the respondent, HBS and Mr Alan Tan was no more
than a fig leaf meant to camouflage the fact that the respondent was
benefiting from the inflated charges.

24 In any event, the respondent had evidently derived benefit from
overcharging on the disbursements for transport, fax, telephone, photocopy
charges and other incidentals (see Item 6 of the table at [13] above).
According to the bill he rendered to Dr Gao and Mdm Li, these disbursements
added up to $350. However, the only records that the respondent produced were
several documents which he alleged related to transport charges paid to a
certain “Wong Wong Choy”, but there was no explanation as to who this person
was. Moreover, those transport claims only added up to $180, leaving the other
$170 charged by the respondent unaccounted for. The Conveyancing Practice
Committee of the Law Society recommends a fee of $50 for such disbursements,
and as the DC noted quite correctly (at [40]), the respondent provided no
evidence to suggest that he had incurred any disbursements that would have
entitled him to charge more than $50. In the circumstances, we could only
conclude that the respondent had blatantly overcharged Dr Gao and Mdm Li for
these miscellaneous disbursements, and had personally benefited from the
excessive charges.

25 In the circumstances, we were satisfied, and agreed with the DC, that the
respondent was guilty of gross overcharging. We will now explain why we, like
the DC, thought that such overcharging could constitute grossly improper
conduct. We recognised that not every instance of overcharging would
constitute grossly improper conduct. In _Re Han Ngiap Juan_ [1993] 2 SLR 81,
the court of three judges constituted under the LPA stated (at 90, [34]):

Obviously not every case of overcharging will constitute grossly improper
conduct. Inevitably there will be some diversity of opinion as to what would
or would not be correct in each case, and where the line ought to be drawn.
The passages quoted from _Lau Liat Meng_ ’s case indicate clearly that the
extent to which a client is overcharged is a very strong factor against an
advocate and solicitor accused of overcharging amounting to grossly improper
conduct under s 83(2)(b) of the [LPA], and this must be so whether or not
there is any allegation of dishonesty or deceit. In our view, while this may
not be a conclusive factor, it is a very material one, and the more a client
is overcharged, the harder it will be for the advocate and solicitor concerned
to persuade the court that the explanation he gives does justify the
overcharge.

26 In _Re Lau Liat Meng_ [1992] 2 SLR 203, where the solicitor charged a
client a fee of $22,454.60 (reduced from $23,604.60) to obtain letters of
administration in respect of assets worth $68,394, the disciplinary committee
of the Law Society found that the records on the solicitor’s time sheet as to
some attendances had been exaggerated. The court of three judges imposed a
punishment of three months’ suspension for the misconduct, and stated the
legal position as follows (at 208, [15]):

As to the position in law, s 83(2)(b) of the [LPA] requires ‘grossly improper
conduct in the discharge of his professional duty …’. This, according to
Darling J in _Re A Solicitor_ [[1912] 1 KB 302], requires an act ‘which could
be reasonably regarded as disgraceful or dishonourable by his professional
brethren of good repute and competency’. The intention to deceive was not an
essential element: _Rajasooria v Disciplinary Committee_ [[1955] 1 WLR 405].
In that case, Pretheroe CJ accepted the definition of ‘grossly improper
conduct’ as ‘conduct which is dishonourable to the appellant as a man and
dishonourable in his profession’.

27 In the circumstances of this case, and having particular regard to the fact
that subterfuge was resorted to by the respondent to avoid questions being
raised, it was our view that, although in numerical terms the amount
overcharged was not very large (but high in percentage terms), the
overcharging here nevertheless constituted grossly improper conduct. In this
regard, the following observations of the DC (at [73]) show the extent to
which the respondent would go to cover his tracks:

Sixth, certain information that should have [been] there in the searches and
requisitions provided by Mr Alan Tan through HBS was not there. It did not
contain the reference or identity of the person or entity that had done the
searches and requisitions and information about the costs incurred. This
information was deliberately omitted or blanked out. This was established
through the evidence of Mr Balasubramaniam.

**_The fourth charge_**

28 We now move on to the fourth charge that the DC had found the respondent
guilty of. It read as follows:

You, Low Yong Sen of M/s Y S Low & Partners are charged that [on] or about 6
February 2006, at 101 Upper Cross Street #04-40 People’s Park Centre,
Singapore 058357, in the course of acting for Mr Rayman Gao Zhiqiang and Madam
Li Pin in respect of the purchase and CPF application relating to a property
situate at 45 Verde Grove, Singapore, did engage on behalf of the client[s],
the services of High Business Services, which was a partnership owned and/or
operated by persons related to you, without disclosing the aforesaid relations
and/or interest of such persons, to the clients which engagement and/or non
disclosure amounts to misconduct unbefitting an advocate and solicitor [as an
officer] of the Supreme Court or as a member of an honourable profession
within the meaning of S83(2)(h) of the Legal Profession Act (Cap 161).

29 This charge was based on r 26(_a_) of the PCR, which states:

**Disclosure of interest**

**26.** In any case where the advocate and solicitor or any member of his
family or any law corporation of which the advocate and solicitor is a
director or an employee or any limited liability law partnership of which the
advocate and solicitor is a partner or an employee has an interest in any
matter entrusted to him by a client, the advocate and solicitor shall —

(_a_) make a full and frank disclosure of such interest to the client …

30 The DC held (at [105]) that this charge was made out on the basis of its
finding that Mr Michael Low had a financial interest in the fees charged by
HBS. With respect, however, we were unable to agree with the way the DC read r
26(_a_) and with its conclusion that the respondent was guilty of the charge.

31 It was clear to us that, on a plain reading of r 26(_a_), the provision was
not intended to apply to conduct such as the present. The words “an interest
in any matter” cannot possibly be taken to include an interest in the fees
charged. On that interpretation, all solicitors would be required to disclose
what must be evident to every client – that they have an interest in the fees
to be paid by the client, and in situations where services are rendered by a
third party, that the latter has an interest in the disbursements charged. The
word “matter” in the rule should be construed to refer to the substantive
matter which the client has entrusted the solicitor to handle. The object
behind the rule is to ensure that there is no conflict between the personal
interest of the solicitor (including that of his family and any company or
partnership in which the solicitor has an interest) and that of the client.
This rule, which requires disclosure by the solicitor to the client of any
such interest of the solicitor, is to ensure that the client will have the
chance to assess whether he should allow the matter to remain in the hands of
that solicitor or appoint a new solicitor. Implicit in the rule is the
imperative norm that a solicitor should always, in any matter entrusted to
him, act in the interest of the client (see Jeffrey Pinsler, _Ethics and
Professional Responsibility: A Code for the Advocate and Solicitor_ (Academy
Publishing, 2007) at para 17-007).

32 In our opinion, the respondent’s decision to engage the services of HBS did
not, _per se_ , raise any problem of conflict. In fact, it is not uncommon for
solicitors to outsource certain services, provided that the interest of the
client is not compromised on account thereof. Assuming that the outsourcing
arrangement between the respondent and Mr Alan Tan had been _bona fide_ and
aboveboard, and that there had been no overcharging by the latter, the
respondent’s decision to engage the services of Mr Alan Tan would have been
uneventful and irreproachable. Even if the respondent had forwarded an
exorbitant bill to the clients for payment (assuming still that the
outsourcing arrangement was _bona fide_), what he would have been guilty of
was a breach of his duty of care but not an infringement of r 26(_a_) of the
PCR.

33 Given our interpretation of the phrase “an interest in any matter” and our
finding that the outsourcing of certain services to third parties _per se_
(even related ones) does not automatically result in a conflict of interest,
it followed that the respondent had not infringed r 26(_a_) of the PCR and
could not be guilty of the fourth charge.

34 In this case, because the arrangement between the respondent and Mr Alan
Tan was not _bona fide_ , the respondent did not query the exorbitant bill and
instead forwarded it as the basis for his own claim for disbursements. What
the respondent committed was really an offence of gross overcharging.
Accordingly, he was found guilty of the first charge, but not the fourth
charge.

Appropriate sanction

35 We now turn to the punishment we had imposed on the respondent in relation
to the first charge of which he was found guilty.

36 Section 83(1) of the LPA provides that upon due cause being shown, the
court has the power to strike an advocate and solicitor off the roll, suspend
him from practice for a period not exceeding five years, or censure him.

37 We note from past cases that the misconduct of overcharging had attracted
the sanction of either a fine or a suspension from practice. How grave an
overcharging offence should be perceived must be viewed in all the
circumstances of that case. For example, the greater the amount of
overcharging, the more seriously the misconduct will be viewed. Another
relevant circumstance is whether this is the solicitor’s first brush with the
rules of professional conduct, and, in particular, whether he had previously
been found guilty of other professional misconduct. Here, we noted with much
concern that the respondent had an antecedent of a similar nature. In _The Law
Society of Singapore v Low Yong Sen Vincent_ [2006] SGDSC 3, five charges of
overcharging were preferred against the respondent and all were proved. The
respondent was reprimanded on two of the charges and made to pay a penalty of
$7,500 or such amount as the Council of the Law Society would determine under
s 94(3)(_a_) of the LPA on each of the other three charges. Though the Law
Society pressed the disciplinary committee in that case to determine that
cause of sufficient gravity for disciplinary action existed against the
respondent, the committee declined to do so, partly because it took into
consideration the small amount of overcharging.

38 Admittedly, overcharging may seem to be a minor transgression when compared
to the case of a solicitor who commits a breach of trust of a client’s money
(or commits other grave professional misconduct, such as misleading the court
or creating a falsehood to cheat a client of his money). But the harm done by
such misconduct can be far more insidious and prolonged. Whereas the dishonest
lawyer who absconds with his client’s money would likely be found out soon
enough and be disbarred, and thus prevented from further cheating any future
clients, the solicitor who systematically overcharges by small amounts and is
not discovered over an extended period can potentially defraud a large number
of clients. We must therefore not condone an act of overcharging merely
because it involves a small sum as, ultimately, what is at stake is of far
greater importance – the integrity and standing of the profession. We would
hasten to add that when we talk of overcharging we are referring to proven
cases of overcharging, not just a case of a client complaining that the lawyer
has charged too much. It is understandable that the expectations of the client
may be different from that of the solicitor. The test is an objective one as
determined by his peers of integrity and reasonable competence, having regard
to the nature of the work done (contentious or otherwise) and any prior
agreement between the parties.

39 The range of misconduct which can constitute grossly improper conduct
varies widely, and it must follow that the punishment appropriate for each
grossly improper conduct will depend on all the circumstances of the case.
That is why s 83(1) of the LPA sets out a range of punishment, _ie_ , “struck
off the roll or suspended from practice for any period not exceeding 5 years
or censured”, which the court may impose.

40 We have in [26] above referred to the case of _Re Lau Liat Meng_ , where
the disciplinary committee found that the solicitor had on several occasions
grossly exaggerated the time spent on his client’s matter as depicted in his
time sheet and that these actions constituted grossly improper conduct in the
discharge of his professional duty within the meaning of s 83(2)(_b_) of the
LPA. There, the court endorsed the findings of the disciplinary committee and
ordered the solicitor to be suspended from practice for three months. In _Re
Abdul Rahim Rajudin_ [1988] SLR 907, the solicitor was suspended for two
months for demanding unconscionable commissions and rendering an excessive
bill. In _Re Han Ngiap Juan_ ([25] _supra_), the solicitor was suspended for
three months for overcharging. Finally, the most severe sanction was meted out
in _Re Lim Kiap Khee_ [2001] 3 SLR 616, where the solicitor was struck off the
roll by the court, partly because he had rendered bills of costs even though
no services had been provided.

41 In our view, the respondent’s latest misconduct, occurring just two years
after his previous offence, was a significant aggravating factor. Moreover,
the respondent had not simply overcharged. The evidence revealed that the
respondent had devised an arrangement with his brother’s firm and an alleged
third party, Mr Alan Tan, to lend a veil of legitimacy to his inflated bill
and hide the fact that he would personally benefit from the excessive charges.
The respondent sought to paint himself as an ignorant and unconscientious
lawyer, rather than a dishonest one, but we were not persuaded. Unlike the
respondent, the facts did not lie. The misconduct here borders on dishonesty.
The only mitigating factor we could perceive was the fact that the respondent
had refunded a sum of $2,526.13 to Dr Gao and Mdm Li (see [8] above).

42 We would emphasise that the court takes a serious view of overcharging by
solicitors as it undermines the very foundation of a profession premised on
honour and integrity. Solicitors have a duty to protect their clients’
interests at all times. They should also charge _fairly_ for work done for
their clients. In this case, it was quite clear that the charges were grossly
excessive even though in absolute terms they were not large. For these
reasons, and bearing in mind that this was the respondent’s second misconduct
of the same nature and he did not seem to have learnt from his previous
mistake when he was let off with a mere fine, we were of the opinion that a
period of suspension was called for. This will serve as a condign punishment
for the respondent, and hopefully deter similar defaults by him in the future.
We also hope that it will act as a general deterrent to other solicitors and
thus protect public confidence in the legal profession (see _Law Society of
Singapore v Subbiah Pillai_ [2004] 2 SLR 447 at [23]).

Conclusion

43 Having taken all the relevant circumstances into consideration, we deemed
it appropriate to order that the respondent be suspended from practice for a
period of six months and that the respondent should bear the costs of these
proceedings, to be taxed if not agreed, as well as the costs of the
proceedings below ($10,000, inclusive of disbursements, as fixed by the DC).

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 08 Oct 2008 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

