Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Then Kwen Choy Kevin v VibroPower Pte Ltd  
[2008] SGHC 94

Case Number | : | Suit 148/2007  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 24 June 2008  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Choo Han Teck J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Ponniah James Leslie and Leong Sue Lynn (Wong & Lim) for the plaintiff; Lok Vi Ming SC, Derek Kang Yu Hsien, Pan Xingzheng Edric and Yong Shuk Lin Vanessa (Rodyk & Davidson LLP) for the defendant   
Parties | : |  Then Kwen Choy Kevin — VibroPower Pte Ltd   
  
Contract  
  

24 June 2008 |  Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Choo Han Teck J:

1 The plaintiff was formerly employed as the assistant general manager of
marketing by the defendant company which was in the business of making and
selling diesel electricity generators. The plaintiff was employed under an
employment contract dated 5 June 1999 (“the contract”) and his employment was
terminated on 15 January 2007. The plaintiff’s claim in this action was for
commission for various sales, amounting to $563,631.00 as well as interests on
the commission. The bulk of the $563,631.00 commission claimed was for sales
between 2004 to 2006 amounting to $28,036,649.00 for which the plaintiff’s
claim for commission was $510,999.00. The remainder was for $52,632.00, being
the balance commission unpaid in respect of sales serviced by the plaintiff in
2003, after payment of $34,247.00. The plaintiff’s initial salary was
$8,300.00 and he received a further sum of $750.00 for transport. By 2001, his
salary was increased to $8,750.00.

2 The relevant clause in the contract regarding the payment of commission was
cl 5 which provided as follows:

Performance bonus:

You are entitled to a commission scheme based on performance as outlined
below:

_1 st Year_

Commission is calculated on the basis of average nett margin multiply by a
factor of 0.25 for sales above S$4,000,000.00 in the 1st year. No commission
will be paid for sales up to S$4,000,000.00.

E.g. On S$7,000,000.00 sales achieved in the 1st year and at average nett
margin of 5%, commission payable to you is equal to (7,000,000 – 4,000,000) *
0.05 * 0.25 or S$37,500-00

_2 nd year onward_

Commission is calculated on the basis of average nett margin multiply by a
factor of 0.25 for sales above S$5,000,000.00 in a one year period. No
commission will be paid for sales up to S$5,000,000.00.

E.g. On S$9,000,000.00 sales achieved in the 2nd year and at average nett
margin of 5%, commission payable to you is equal to (9,000,000 – 5,000,000) *
0.05 * 0.25 or S$50,000-00.

Note: Nett margin is gross margin less 2%. Gross margin is selling price less
cost of material, sub-contract cost, freight and insurance, where applicable.

3 The crux of the dispute was whether the plaintiff’s sales for the relevant
period exceeded $5,000,000.00 because if they were not, the plaintiff would
not, under cl 5, be entitled to any commission. The plaintiff’s case was based
on the undisputed fact that some sales were made during the period in question
in India. The question was whether the sales in India were his sales. The
defendant’s evidence showed that the sales in India were made by a separate
team of salesmen. The plaintiff, however, claimed that those salesmen
consulted him for advice and he was thus entitled to claim the commission. He
claimed that he had the supervision and responsibility for the collection of
payment from those customers. The evidence showed that the plaintiff did not
have such responsibility although he was initially told, or in his words,
‘assigned’ to have responsibility for sales in India. However, eventually a
separate team of sales persons was appointed for sales in India and the
plaintiff had virtually nothing to do with those sales except to answer
technical queries which the Indian salespersons ask of him, mainly to help the
Indian sales team complete the works orders. Those were on standard forms and
were completed by the Indian sales team. The plaintiff claimed that his
contribution was more substantial than that put in by the Indian sales team.
However, the evidence did not support this claim. I am of the opinion that the
plaintiff’s assistance was, on the evidence, small. He merely copied technical
details of the equipment for the sales team’s use. I accept the defendant’s
case that this was part of the general duties of the plaintiff as an employee.
Commission under the contract were payable only if the salesperson made the
sale.

4 In the circumstances, I am of the view that the plaintiff was not entitled
to the commission claimed since the evidence showed that the sales in question
were made by the Indian team and not by the plaintiff. The plaintiff was not
even in charge of the Indian sales team.

5 The plaintiff’s claim is therefore dismissed. I shall hear the question of
costs at a later date if the parties are unable to agree costs.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 24 Jun 2008 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

