Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Wong Kok Yee v Ng Ming San  
[2008] SGHC 8

Case Number | : | DT 5119/2004  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 14 January 2008  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Choo Han Teck J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Chandra Mohan and Ng Jin (Rajah & Tann) for the petitioner; Helen Chia (Clifford Law Corporation) for the respondent   
Parties | : |  Wong Kok Yee — Ng Ming San   
  
Family Law  
  

14 January 2008 |   
---|---  
  
Choo Han Teck J:

1 The two principal issues in these proceedings concerned the division of
matrimonial assets and the maintenance for the petitioner wife, who is 62
years old. The respondent is 59 years old. They have a son, now 37 years old.
The parties were both chartered accountants. The petitioner had a career
beginning in 1971 as an assessment officer at the Inland Revenue Department
and retired in February 2006 from her accountancy firm of TeoFoongWongLCLoong.
The respondent continues to work as a remisier. There were stretches when the
respondent was not employed, namely, 1988 to 1989, three months in 1991, and
two or three years prior to 1994. They had been married for about 36 years.

2 Although the exact figures were disputed, it appeared to me that the
petitioner earned more than the respondent from 1971 to 2005, when they were
already living apart. Mr Chandra Mohan (“Mr Mohan”), counsel for the
petitioner submitted that his client had earned $5,289,744 whilst the
respondent claimed to have earned $1,154,761. Mr Mohan submitted that the
respondent in fact earned only $869,596.

3 The petitioner has four properties in Singapore in her name. They are a
house at Moonbeam Terrace valued at $3.6m (“the Moonbeam property”); an
apartment at Hollywood Apartments valued at $1m; an apartment at Francis Court
valued at $528,000; and an apartment at Tanglin Regency valued at $850,000.
She also has two properties in Malaysia valued at M$90,000 and M$420,000
respectively. Miss Helen Chia, counsel for the respondent submitted that her
client has only an apartment at Francis Court valued at $660,000.

4 The respondent was not claiming for a share in any of the properties held by
the petitioner in her own name but he wanted a share in the Moonbeam property
which he said was the matrimonial home, purchased in 1982 or 1983 for
$600,000. However, he said that it was initially purchased “with a view for it
to be an investment.” They moved into the house and turned it into their
matrimonial home when it was not feasible to rent it out. He claimed that he
contributed $155,900 or 26% towards the mortgage payment of this house and
thus claimed a share in it as his due. This was the only asset in dispute. The
petitioner had asked for maintenance but Mr Mohan submitted that if the court
decided against any share in the Moonbeam property for the respondent the
petition would forego her claim to maintenance.

5 The petitioner claimed that the Moonbeam property purchased at $600,000 was
paid by her from money obtained as follows. She paid $90,000 from her CPF
account, $400,000 from a loan from Singapore Finance, $60,000 from her brother
and $50,000 from her cousin. These payments were not disputed. It was the
claim of $155,900 mortgage payments that was disputed. On this point, there
was scarcely any documentary proof to support the respondent’s position.
Furthermore, for the record, he had appeared to be less forthcoming in
producing documentation than the petitioner. The respondent also appeared to
be less willing to disclose details of his yearly income.

6 In deciding that he should have no share in the Moonbeam property, I also
took into account the effort put in by the petitioner in bringing up their
son, whose affidavit evidence supported the petitioner’s account. The
willingness to forego her maintenance was only a minor factor in my decision.
There was an undertaking in writing by the respondent that he would lay no
claim on the said property. This was signed before an elder in their Church on
11 July 1999 and purportedly in consideration of the petitioner’s forbearance
to claim monetary debts owed by the respondent to her. The respondent now
claimed that he signed it under duress.

7 I am satisfied that the respondent had not made any significant, if any,
contribution towards the acquisition of the Moonbeam property. He claimed that
part of the purchase price came from the sale of their first matrimonial
property at Mount Sinai. I found the petitioner’s account more plausible,
namely, that she paid for the full purchase price of $135,000 for this
property in 1977.

8 I, therefore, disallowed the respondent’s claim for a share in the Moonbeam
property. I further ordered that each party retain the assets in his or her
sole name, and that there be no order for maintenance.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 14 Jan 2008 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

