Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Uzbekistan Airways v Jetspeed Travel Pte Ltd  
[2008] SGHC 138

Case Number | : | Suit 340/2006  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 08 August 2008  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Andrew Ang J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Lim Joo Toon and Joseph Tan (Joo Toon & Co) for the plaintiff; Margaret George (Belinda Ang, Tang & Partners) for the defendant   
Parties | : |  Uzbekistan Airways — Jetspeed Travel Pte Ltd   
  
Contract – Contractual terms – Rules of construction – Airline seeking
indemnity from sales agent – Sales agent issuing tickets on fictitious routes
including sectors operated by partner airlines – Whether agent liable for full
amount airline paid to partners  
  

8  August 2008 |  Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Andrew Ang J:

Background facts

1 The plaintiff is an airline owned by the Government of Uzbekistan. In order
to increase the number of passengers on its flights, the plaintiff entered
into a unilateral interline agreement with British Airways on 1 October 1993
which permitted British Airways to issue tickets for travel on routes operated
by the plaintiff. It was only on 1 July 2000 that a bilateral interline
agreement was executed whereby the plaintiff was also permitted to issue
tickets for passengers to travel on routes operated by British Airways. The
plaintiff also had interline agreements with Lufthansa and Air France.

2 The defendant is a travel agent and tour operator registered in Singapore.
On 27 April 1999, the plaintiff appointed the defendant as its general sales
agent in Singapore by way of a Passenger Sales Agreement (“the Passenger Sales
Agreement”). The Passenger Sales Agreement allowed the defendant to issue
tickets for flights on routes operated by the plaintiff. Subsequently, the
plaintiff and the defendant entered into another agreement dated 29 January
2000 (the “Interline Sales Agreement”) under which the defendant was
authorised to issue tickets for flights on airlines with which the plaintiff
had an interline agreement. The relevant clauses of the Interline Sales
Agreement provided:

3\. Jetspeed will account for the tickets issued on 2 separate Sales Reports

(a) Interline Sales inclusive of fare constructions based on prorata basis.

(b) Sales performed on Uzbekistan Airways and with SPAs.

Tickets issued in currencies other than US Dollars are to be converted into US
Dollars by applying the applicable exchange rate and accounted for in the
Monthly Sales Report.

…

5\. Tickets issued Interline Sales are to be issued according to the
officially Published routes/fares/rules, which are to be observed by Jetspeed.
In order to match the fare levels of the market, Jetspeed will be entitled to
achieve fare combinations, not limited to issuing tickets based on SITI
instead of SOTO, IATA applicable for tickets issued for transportation on
airlines for which Uzbekistan Airways has an Interline Agreement with.

6\. Jetspeed Travel will be responsible for under-collections and fare
differences arising from tickets issued out of its offices. Uzbekistan Airways
will invoice Jetspeed Travel for such differentials and will provide
documentary evidence i.e. copy of Interline Billings received to substantiate
them.

**_Complaints concerning the defendant’s incorrect issue of tickets_**

3 Sometime in 2000, the plaintiff received complaints from Lufthansa, Air
France and British Airways regarding the defendant’s alleged incorrect issue
of tickets. For example, the defendant commonly issued tickets for travel from
Colombo, Sri Lanka to Reykjavik, Iceland, using the following flight route:
Colombo-Singapore-London-Reykjavik-London-Singapore-Colombo. In each such
case, it turned out that the passenger had really only travelled between
Singapore and London and that the flight coupons for the other legs of the
journey were unused. Significantly, it would have been impossible for a
passenger to complete the route in this example because the plaintiff had no
interline agreement with Icelandair who would not have recognised a ticket
issued on the plaintiff’s ticket stock for travel in its sectors. The
plaintiff then suspended its agency relationship with the defendant on 20
October 2000.

4 In a letter to the plaintiff’s London office dated 5 January 2001, British
Airways formally complained that the defendant had extensively issued tickets
for its long haul First and Club class services where the passengers did not
originate from the points of origin shown on the tickets. Neither did they, in
some cases, travel to the stipulated final destination. According to British
Airways, the tickets were invariably issued in weak currencies from points to
which lower fares would apply thereby reducing the fares charged to the
passengers. British Airways ended its letter as follows:

I would emphasise that under the procedures agreed in our Interline Agreement
we are entitled in these circumstances to bill Uzbekistan Airways full sector
fare for any sector subjected to revenue dilution resulting from this abuse.
It could also bring further continuation of our interline agreement into
jeopardy. I would be grateful therefore if you will bring the matter to the
attention of your head office, in the event that they have for us any
alternative explanation for what has taken place.

5 Shortly thereafter, on 10 January 2001, British Airways tendered an invoice
to the plaintiff for GBP46,830.45 in respect of flights flown in July 2000
which included an additional charge over and above its pro-rated share of the
fare in order to reflect its alleged losses. This invoice was followed by four
others, bringing the total billing from British Airways as at 23 May 2001 to
GBP269,826.16 in value. I note at this juncture that, despite its key role in
the events surrounding the dispute, British Airways was not a party in this
case.

6 The plaintiff replied on 28 June 2001 disclaiming responsibility for the
defendant’s actions and arguing that the amount invoiced should be calculated
on the basis of the normal through applicable fare and not the full sector
fare. Under cl 4.1 of the International Air Transport Association (“IATA”)
Revenue Accounting Manual, this amounted to a first rejection of British
Airways’ original billing. Clause 4.1 of the IATA Revenue Accounting Manual
further provided that if British Airways rendered another bill giving reasons
for its debit (second rejection), and this was again not accepted by the
plaintiff (third rejection), the next step would have been for British Airways
to initiate correspondence to negotiate a settlement, failing which it would
be bound to accept the amount suggested by the plaintiff in its third
rejection.

7 In this particular case, the matter did not progress to the stage of
correspondence. After the letter of 28 June 2001, the plaintiff contacted the
defendant and a meeting was held between the parties on 14 July 2001. At this
meeting, the plaintiff and the defendant entered into a Protocol (“the
Protocol”) wherein both sides agreed, _inter alia_ , as follows:

3\. The [defendant] will be obliged to cover all under-collection that has
arisen as a result of issuing the tickets what become the reason for [the
plaintiff’s] interline partners to bill [the plaintiff] using full applicable
sector fare which is contrary to IATA rules and regulations. The total amount
of claims on July 10, 2001 is 456.233,19 USD. The [defendant] has provided
[the plaintiff’s] delegation proof that such tickets have been issued
_according to IATA fare construction rules_ and copies of fare calculations
were also provided to prove the case. [The plaintiff’s] tickets were issued in
accordance to Para 5 of the [Interline Sales Agreement] signed between [the
plaintiff] and the [defendant]. The [defendant] _acknowledges that it will be
responsible to pay_ the total amount of claims _in case of no adjustment_
between [the plaintiff] and its interline partners _which is in accordance to
Para 6_ of the [Interline Sales Agreement]. The [defendant] suggested to [the
plaintiff] that both parties should work together to overcome any
unprecedented issues raised by [the plaintiff’s] Interline partners and to
overcome all problems together for mutual benefit. [_The plaintiff] requested
the [defendant] to forward to [the plaintiff’s] Financial Department a letter
with supporting documents_.

4\. The total billed amount from [the plaintiff’s] interline partners for the
period from Oct 1999 to Apr 2001 is 418.099,19 USD. The [defendant] is
responsible to cover any differences between the amount of remittances
regarding sales reports and the amount of billing [the plaintiff] by interline
partners; this is in accordance to Para 6 of the said [Interline Sales
Agreement]. The [defendant] reminded [the plaintiff’s] delegation that in
accordance to local income tax laws, [the plaintiff] will have to provide
copies of Interline billing to the [defendant] who will need to have these
documents filed substantiate such claims.

[emphasis added]

8 Approximately one month later, on 10 August 2001, British Airways replied to
the plaintiff’s letter of 28 June 2001, refusing to accept the plaintiff’s
invoices (second rejection) and stating that British Airways was unable to
recalculate the value of the disputed flights based upon actual fares as
opposed to full sector fares because the journeys were on the plaintiff’s
ticket stock and it did not have the complete information regarding the actual
journeys flown. British Airways requested that any further rejection be
supported with system information or copies of the Passenger Name Records
(“PNR”) to prove the actual journeys travelled. It further took the position
that the plaintiff was fully responsible for the actions of its agent.
Sometime later, British Airways sent another two invoices to the plaintiff.

9 The plaintiff then entered into a settlement with British Airways in the
amount of GBP272,928.07 as evidenced by a letter the plaintiff sent the
defendant dated 30 October 2001 requiring the defendant, in accordance with
cll 3 and 4 of the Protocol, to transfer the said sum to the plaintiff.

10 However, after discovering arithmetical errors in British Airways’
calculation, the plaintiff issued a partial third rejection to British
Airways, agreeing to pay its invoices subject to deduction of GBP9,744.55.
That settled the matter between the plaintiff and British Airways. Ultimately,
the total sum invoiced by British Airways totalled GBP549,781.44 of which
GBP270,310.73 represented the additional charges for British Airways’ alleged
losses. The plaintiff later conceded that the defendant was not liable for
part of this amount because three of the tickets referred to in the invoices
were not issued by the defendant. The plaintiff now claims GBP265,090.30 from
the defendant in relation to the amount paid to British Airways.

11 In addition to this amount, by a letter dated 7 January 2002, the plaintiff
further claimed the sum of USD8,750.12 from the defendant, representing the
difference between the total amount billed for other interline tickets (not
involving British Airways) and the amount stated in the defendant’s sales
report. This claim was later reduced to USD4,204.22 because the plaintiff
conceded that it only had supporting documents to prove that portion of the
claim.

**_“Gabriel system” and SingTel telephone charges_**

12 The plaintiff further claimed from the defendant USD 4,541.94 for the use
of a computer ticketing system known as “the Gabriel System” and SGD907.22 for
SingTel bills incurred as a result of using the Gabriel System after the
termination of the agency relationship between the plaintiff and the
defendant. The plaintiff had procured the installation of the Gabriel System
on the defendant’s office premises to enable the defendant to make ticket
bookings and had also contracted with SingTel to provide a telephone line to
support the Gabriel System.

Issues

13 The main issue that falls to be decided is whether the defendant is liable
to indemnify the plaintiff for the sums of:

(a) GBP265,090.30 paid to British Airways;

(b) USD4,204.22 paid to the plaintiff’s other interline partners;

(c) USD4,541.94 for the Gabriel System; and

(d) SGD907.22 for the SingTel bills,

under the Interline Sales Agreement and/or the Protocol.

14 The defendant’s liability in relation to the sums paid to British Airways
and the plaintiff’s other interline partners would depend on:

(a) whether the defendant had agreed to indemnify the plaintiff for such sums
under the Interline Sales Agreement and/or the Protocol;

(b) whether the defendant had knowingly issued tickets which included
fictitious destinations that the passengers did not intend to fly to thereby
causing the plaintiff’s liability for fare differences to its interline
partners;

(c) whether British Airways ought to bear its own losses; and

(d) whether the amount the plaintiff paid to its interline partners, in
particular British Airways, was excessive.

15 As for the defendant’s liability in relation to the Gabriel System and
SingTel bills, this would depend on whether the defendant agreed to indemnify
the plaintiff for those sums under the Passenger Sales Agreement or by a
course of conduct.

The parties’ arguments

16 In respect of the alleged incorrect issue of tickets, the plaintiff’s case,
in a nutshell, is that the defendant had agreed to indemnify the plaintiff for
the fare differences arising from tickets issued by the defendant
(irrespective of whether there is fault or contractual breach on the part of
the defendant) under cl 6 of the Interline Sales Agreement read with cll 3 and
4 of the Protocol. In any event, the plaintiff argues that the defendant had
issued the tickets with fictitious routes, knowing that the passengers were
not going to fly the complete route. The plaintiff supports this argument by
referring to the unusually complex routes stated in the tickets, the number of
tickets booked for such routes, as well as the fact that the defendant would
or should have known that parts of the route could not be flown because the
plaintiff had no interline agreement with the airline concerned to fly
particular sectors of the route. Further, the plaintiff argues that the amount
paid to British Airways was not excessive because British Airways was entitled
to claim the full sector fare from the plaintiff under their interline
agreement with the plaintiff as well as the IATA rules.

17 On the other hand, the defendant denies that it had issued tickets which
included fictitious destinations – it contends that it had merely complied
with the requests made by the passengers concerned. The defendant further
argues that even if there had been an error in the issue of the tickets, the
plaintiff had ratified the error because the plaintiff was aware of the fare
differences from the regular sales reports tendered to it by the defendant
which were accompanied by the passengers’ unused ticket coupons. The defendant
also alleges that the plaintiff had been wrong to pay the sum it did to
British Airways because British Airways was responsible for its own loss – it
ought to have checked that the passengers had flown in the correct sequence
before allowing them to board. In any event, the defendant submits that
British Airways’ claim was excessive because the fare difference ought to have
been computed on the basis of a round-trip fare instead of a full sector fare.

18 As for the Gabriel System and the SingTel bills, the plaintiff bases its
claim on cl 7.1 of the Passenger Sales Agreement (which provides that the
plaintiff will not be responsible for telecommunication charges incurred by
the defendant) and, alternatively, on the defendant’s conduct of having paid
those bills during the course of its agency relationship with the plaintiff.
The defendant’s only rejoinder in its pleadings is that because it was not a
party to the contracts relating to the Gabriel System and the SingTel line, it
cannot be made liable for sums incurred under those contracts. However, during
the course of the trial, the defendant’s case became more clearly enunciated –
because it had not used the Gabriel System nor the SingTel line (since the
plaintiff had denied the defendant access to the Gabriel System after the
termination of the defendant’s agency) and because it was up to the plaintiff
as contracting party to terminate both facilities, the defendant ought not to
be made liable for the sums incurred.

Decision of the court

19 I shall deal with the four issues identified in [14] seriatim.

**_Issue 1: Whether the defendant agreed, under the Interline Sales Agreement
and/or the Protocol, to indemnify the plaintiff for payments made to its
interline partners for any incorrect issue of interline tickets_**

20 It is common ground between the parties that the defendant agreed to bear
responsibility to the plaintiff for “under-collection” in fares. In my view,
based on the Interline Sales Agreement and the Protocol, “under-collection”
included the shortfall in the fares constructed based on fictitious routes as
compared to the fares that would have been charged based on the actual route
flown. For ease of reference, I set out the relevant clauses that the
plaintiff seeks to rely on to establish its case that the defendant agreed to
indemnify it for fare differences arising from tickets issued out of its
office on the plaintiff’s ticket stock, irrespective of fault on the part of
the defendant:

(a) Under cl 6 of the Interline Sales Agreement –

_[The defendant] will be responsible for under-collection and fare differences
arising from tickets issued out of its offices_. [The plaintiff] will invoice
[the defendant] for such differentials and will provide documentary evidence
i.e. copy of Interline Billings received to substantiate them. [emphasis
added]

(b) Clause 3 of the Protocol provides –

_The [defendant] will be obliged to cover all under-collection that has arisen
as a result of issuing the tickets what become the reason for [the
plaintiff’s] interline partners to bill [the plaintiff] using full applicable
sector fare which is contrary to IATA rules and regulations_. The total amount
of claims on July 10, 2001 is 456.233,19 USD. The [defendant] has provided
[the plaintiff] delegation proof that such tickets have been issued according
to IATA fare construction rules and copies of fare calculations were also
provided to prove the case. [The plaintiff’s] tickets were issued in
accordance to Para 5 of the [Interline Sales Agreement] signed between [the
plaintiff] and the [defendant]. _The [defendant] acknowledges that it will be
responsible to pay the total amount of claims in case of no adjustment between
[the plaintiff] and its interline partners which is in accordance to Para 6 of
th_ e _[Interline Sales Agreement]_. The [defendant] suggested to [the
plaintiff] that both parties should work together to overcome any
unprecedented issues raised by [the plaintiff’s] Interline partners and to
overcome all problems together for mutual benefit. [The plaintiff] requested
the [defendant] to forward to [the plaintiff’s] Financial Department a letter
with supporting documents. [emphasis added]

(c) Clause 4 of the Protocol reads as follows –

The total billed amount from [the plaintiff’s] interline partners for the
period of Oct 1999 to Apr 2001 is 418.099,19 USD. _The [defendant] is
responsible to cover any differences between the amount of remittances
regarding sales reports and the amount of billing [the plaintiff] by interline
partners_ ; this is in accordance to Para 6 of the said [Interline Sales
Agreement]. The [defendant] reminded [the plaintiff’s] delegation that in
accordance to local income tax laws, [the plaintiff] will have to provide
copies of Interline billing to the [defendant] who will need to have these
documents filed substantiate such claims.

_Principles of contractual interpretation_

21 In construing terms of a contract, the court must place itself in thought
in the same factual matrix as that in which the parties were at the time of
the contract. Thus evidence may be admitted of the factual background existing
at or before the date of the contract including evidence of the genesis and
the objective aim of the transaction: _Prenn v Simmonds_ [1971] 1 WLR 1381 at
1385. The object of the court is to determine, objectively, the mutual
intention of the parties based on the “meaning the document would convey to a
reasonable person having all the background knowledge which would reasonably
have been available to the parties at the time of the contract”: _MAE
Engineering Ltd v Fire-Stop Marketing Services Pte Ltd_ [2005] 1 SLR 379 at
[17]. In general, the words of the contract are to be understood in their
natural and ordinary meaning, bearing in mind the context in which the
contract had been made; even if the plain language of the contract appears
otherwise clear, the construction placed on such language should not be
inconsistent with the context in which the contract was entered into if the
context is clear: _Sandar Aung v Parkway Hospitals Singapore Pte Ltd_ [2007] 2
SLR 891 at [29].

22 Another principle of interpretation that is of relevance to this case is
the _contra proferentum_ principle, described by Lord Mustill in _Tam Wing
Chuen v Bank of Credit and Commerce Hong Kong Ltd_ [1996] 2 BCLC 69 at 77
(approved by the Singapore Court of Appeal in _Tay Eng Chuan v Ace Insurance
Ltd_ [2008] SGCA 26 at [34]) as follows:

[A] person who puts forward the wording of a proposed agreement may be assumed
to have looked after his own interests, so that if the words leave room for
doubt about whether he is intended to have a particular benefit there is
reason to suppose that he is not.

23 In this case, the objective aim of the Interline Sales Agreement may be
ascertained from its preamble, which states:

Further to the Passenger Sales Agreement concluded between UZBEKISTAN AIRWAYS
and JETSPEED TRAVEL PTE LTD on 29th day of January 2000, and having in view
Uzbekistan Airways targets for its Singapore operation, namely, a substantial
increase of traffic travelling on Uzbekistan Airways flights from Singapore as
well as to the increase of Interline Sales with the Interline Partners of
Uzbekistan Airways. This agreement shall be valid for a minimum term of 5
(FIVE) years with subsequent extensions if all conditions have been complied
with by Jetspeed Travel as per the following …

This shows that the background to the plaintiff allowing the defendant to sell
Interline tickets was that the plaintiff wanted:

(a) to increase the traffic on Uzbekistan Airways flights from Singapore; and

(b) to increase the sale of interline tickets.

The benefit to the defendant may be found in cl 7 of the Interline Sales
Agreement which stipulates that the defendant will receive a 6% commission for
the interline tickets it sold. However, the Interline Sales Agreement was made
subject to the condition that the defendant complied with the terms therein,
including cl 6, which imposed responsibility on the defendant for “under-
collections and fare differences arising from tickets issued out of its
offices”.

24 The plain and ordinary meaning of “under-collection” or “fare difference”
suggests any shortfall in a fare that is properly due. In the context of a
travel agent issuing tickets, this could plausibly encompass the issuance of
air-tickets at a lower price as a result of basing them on fictitious routes.
The defendant’s witness, Gurmit Singh s/o Balwant Singh (“Gurmit Singh”),
himself acknowledged that –

[U]nder-collections may arise because of incorrect fare construction, for
example, when the routing does not satisfy stipulate [_sic_] conditions such
as maximum mileage or booking class. There would be an “under-collection”
because a higher fare should have been applied or the fare should have been
constructed differently.

Similarly, although a fare construction is technically correct in the sense
that it accurately calculates the applicable tariffs for each destination,
there would be an “under-collection” or a “fare difference” if a route is
charted where some sectors were not going to be flown at all. Under cross-
examination, Gurmit Singh agreed that this was the case, provided that it was
done “intentionally”.

25 However, I think the plaintiff goes too far by arguing that cl 6 is an
agreement by the defendant to indemnify the plaintiff for all the plaintiff’s
losses in respect of British Airways, irrespective of fault. Nothing from a
plain and ordinary reading of the clause or the context of the clause suggests
such an interpretation. Based on cl 6 of the Interline Sales Agreement, the
defendant should be held responsible for any under-collection or fare
difference resulting from the sale of tickets for fictitious routes at a lower
fare than would have been derived for the actual route flown.

26 As for the Protocol, it is even more important to examine the factual
background in which it was entered into as well as to determine its purpose
because the clauses of the Protocol are evidently not well drafted and do not
seem to have a consistent meaning.

_The evidence_

27 The undisputed events leading up to the signing of the Protocol are briefly
as follows:

(a) 5 January 2001 – British Airways sent a letter to the plaintiff formally
complaining that the defendant had issued tickets to and from fictitious
destinations and expressing its intention to bill the plaintiff full sector
fare for any sector subjected to revenue dilution as a result of the incorrect
issue of tickets [see PCB at 82-83].

(b) 28 June 2001 – the plaintiff replied to British Airways refusing to accept
its debit “according to resolution IATA 789 and RAM ch.A2 para. 1.1.1, para.
3” and arguing that the amount should be based on through applicable fare, not
full sector fare.

28 Regarding the signing of the Protocol itself, the evidence of Nadejda
Yasenitskaya (“Yasen”) was that the Protocol was signed after a meeting on 14
July 2001 as part of attempts by the plaintiff –

… to negotiate with [the defendant] the issue of compensation for amounts paid
by [the plaintiff] to [British Airways] as a result of [the defendant] wrongly
applying tariffs for Interline flights.

I bear in mind that Yasen was not one of the persons present at the Protocol
meeting.

29 The evidence of Gurmit Singh was that the plaintiff’s manager in Kuala
Lumpur, Shakir Parpiev (“Shakir”), had telephoned him sometime in February
2001 to inform him that the plaintiff’s accounts department had received some
queries from British Airways and Lufthansa regarding tickets issued by the
defendant. According to Gurmit Singh, Shakir told him that both British
Airways and Lufthansa –

… were not agreeable with the amounts stated on the tickets because of the
fare construction applied to the tickets, and that both airlines intended to
invoice the Plaintiff a higher value than what they had originally invoiced.

30 Subsequently, in early July 2001, Shakir contacted Gurmit Singh for a
meeting to discuss those issues. According to Gurmit Singh, the Protocol was
drafted by the plaintiff’s representatives and he had insisted on modifying it
by adding in certain portions of cll 3 and 4 relating to the defendant’s
provision of proof that the fare construction was correct and that the
plaintiff had to provide the defendant copies of interline billing in
accordance with local income tax laws. Gurmit Singh further stated in his
affidavit of evidence-in-chief that –

[w]hen the Protocol was signed, the general consensus among the parties was
that there was a genuine case for rebuttal against BA’s and Lufthansa’s claims
and that I had already substantiated the grounds for such rebuttal.

Also Gurmit Singh said that he was told by Shakir that the plaintiff’s
delegation was –

… required by their head office to ensure that the Protocol was entered into
with the Defendant, and he also said that the Defendant should not worry about
signing the Protocol since the Defendant felt confident about being able to
rebut BA’s and Lufthansa’s claims.

Gurmit Singh added, in cross-examination, that he was under “psychological
pressure” to sign the Protocol from the plaintiff’s delegation. However, the
fact remains that Gurmit Singh was able to negotiate for the inclusion of
certain terms in the Protocol before signing. In my view, he signed the
Protocol voluntarily after negotiation. The Protocol is therefore binding on
the defendant.

_Interpreting the Protocol_

31 As a preliminary point, cl 3 of the Protocol states in part that the
defendant “will be _obliged to cover all under-collection that has arisen as a
result of issuing the tickets what_ [_sic_] _become the reason for [the
plaintiff’s] interline partners to bill [the plaintiff]…_ ”. From the wide
ambit of this clause, it is apparent that “under-collection” was intended to
include a situation where the defendant had issued tickets based on routes
that were not flown, and was not limited to exchange rate fluctuations, the
failure to take into account tax and technically incorrect fare constructions
relating to mileage or booking class as the defendant contended in respect of
the Interline Sales Agreement. The Protocol contains no such limitation. In
this respect, cl 3 of the Protocol supports my interpretation of cl 6 of the
Interline Sales Agreement.

32 I accept that the Protocol does contain language to suggest that the
defendant will be liable for the _entire_ sum the plaintiff’s interline
partners claim from the plaintiff. These are the statements which the
plaintiff emphasises to make its point that the defendant’s liability exists
irrespective of fault on the defendant’s part or any other limitations.
However, in the light of the context as well as the objective purpose of the
Protocol, the plaintiff’s interpretation is untenable and a more reasonable
approach must be taken. That is, the defendant ought only to be responsible
for “under-collection” and “fare differences” resulting from collecting less
than the sum the plaintiff’s interline partners would have been _entitled to_
based on the industry rules.

33 The portions of the Protocol that suggest the defendant is liable for _any_
sum claimed by the plaintiff’s interline partners are as follows:

(a) The first sentence in cl 3 which states that the defendant –

… will be obliged to cover all under-collection that has arisen as a result of
issuing the tickets what become the reason for [the plaintiff’s] interline
partners to bill [the plaintiff] using _full applicable sector fare which is
contrary to IATA rules and regulations_ ” [emphasis added];

(b) The sentence in cl 3 which provides that the defendant –

… acknowledges that it will be responsible to pay the _total amount of claims
in case of no adjustment_ between [the plaintiff] and its interline partners
…” [emphasis added];

and

(c) The second sentence of cl 4 which stipulates that the defendant is to be –

… responsible to cover any differences between the amount of remittances
regarding sales reports and the amount of billing [of the plaintiff] by [its]
interline partners.

However, a closer look at these sentences as well as their context and
background reveals that such a broad interpretation cannot be correct.

34 First, with respect to the first sentence of cl 3, reading it as imposing
an obligation on the defendant to cover any sum the plaintiff’s interline
partners bill the plaintiff, _even if_ such sums are contrary to IATA rules
and regulations, would be absurd in light of the factual background that about
two weeks before the meeting when the Protocol was signed, the plaintiff had
protested against the amount claimed by British Airways basing its protest on
IATA Resolution 789 and the IATA Revenue Accounting Manual. It must be the
case that, at the time, the plaintiff recognised that the IATA rules and
regulations ought to be complied with and fully expected British Airways to
comply with them. Thus, I come to the conclusion that the function of the
latter part of the sentence is more appropriately treated as describing how
the defendant’s obligation has arisen, rather than as describing the
obligation itself.

35 Second, the context of these statements qualifies their broad literal
meaning. The first sentence of cl 3 refers to “under-collection” which is the
term used in cl 6 of the Interline Sales Agreement. “Under-collection” should
therefore be understood in the same way as in the Interline Sales Agreement
rather than be given an overly wide and untenable meaning. The other two
portions of the Protocol ought also to be constrained by the Interline Sales
Agreement. The later part of the fifth sentence of cl 3 states that the
responsibility acknowledged by the defendant is “in accordance to Para 6 of
the [Interline Sales Agreement]”. This was also the case with the second
sentence of cl 4. It would appear that by inserting this phrase, the parties
intended that the responsibilities undertaken by the defendant as a result of
the Protocol do not go beyond cl 6 of the Interline Sales Agreement which
makes the defendant liable for the fare difference between British Airways’
true entitlement based on the route actually flown and the pro-rated share
that it received based on a fictitious route.

36 Third, the Protocol was intended to represent a product of a particular
stage of negotiation between the plaintiff and the defendant as to how to
settle the claims faced by the plaintiff; it was not meant to be the final
word on the matter. The clauses of the Protocol bear this out, with one
portion of cl 3 stating that:

The [defendant] suggested to [the plaintiff] that both parties should work
together to overcome any unprecedented issues raised by [the plaintiff’s]
Interline partners and to overcome all problems together for mutual benefit.
[The plaintiff] requested the [defendant] to forward to [the plaintiff’s]
Financial Department a letter with supporting documents.

37 Finally, it must be borne in mind that the Protocol was entered into as a
result of one day of negotiations, with the plaintiff having drafted most of
it. Any ambiguity must therefore be resolved against the plaintiff. For these
reasons, I am of the view that the Protocol was not intended to modify the
defendant’s obligations under the Interline Sales Agreement but merely to
clarify that “under-collection” would also cover the situation where the
defendant had collected less than what British Airways was entitled to by
issuing tickets for fictitious routes. It was this “under-collection” that the
defendant bore responsibility for.

**_Issue 2: Whether the defendant knowingly issued tickets which included
destinations that passengers did not intend to fly_**

38 Having considered the evidence, I find that the defendant knowingly issued
tickets to passengers for routes that were not intended to be flown. I base
this finding not only on the following facts:

(a) That many of the routes were unusually complex;

(b) That many tickets were issued using the same complex routes; and

(c) That the tickets were invariably issued in weak currencies from points to
which lower fares would apply,

but also on the fact that the routes included sectors requiring carriage by
airlines with whom the plaintiff had no interline agreement. (The plaintiff
counted more than 20 such airlines.) It was obvious therefore that such
sectors would not be flown. I reject the defendant’s excuse that it had no
knowledge that such interline agreements did not exist.

**_Issue 3: Whether British Airways ought to bear its own losses_**

39 The question whether British Airways ought to bear its own losses has two
parts – first, whether British Airways had a duty to ensure that the
passengers it carried were flying in sequence; second, if so, whether British
Airways was in breach of such a duty. Here, in my view, the enquiry need not
go beyond the first part because, based on the IATA rules and the plaintiff’s
bilateral interline agreement with British Airways, the latter had no such
duty; where the tickets were issued based on a fictitious route in
contravention of the industry’s rules the duty lay with the issuer.

40 I note at this juncture that neither party called any expert evidence on
how the IATA Rules and Regulations ought to be interpreted. Resolution 789,
which is the particular rule in issue, states in relevant part that:

1\. As of the date of issue, the Member whose ticket is issued shall be
responsible for the accuracy of the fare shown thereon in relation to the
journey and class to be performed, and in all other relevant particulars.

…

3\. In respect to a flight coupon whereon the flight number, date and class
and confirmed reservation has been entered, the carrying carrier _may accept
for uplift without further check_ , except that in case of a fare increase
becoming applicable after the date of issue, … [emphasis added]

[the exception is not applicable on the facts]

41 In his own evidence, Gurmit Singh referred to IATA Resolution 789 and
stated that –

[t]he final responsibility of ensuring that such IATA rules are complied with,
and that the correct applicable fares and taxes have been charged to the
passenger by their issuing agent, _rests with the airlines concerned_. This is
confirmed by “IATA Resolution 789 – Responsibility for Travel at the Correct
Fare” … [emphasis added]

This is an implicit acknowledgment that the plaintiff, being the “Member whose
ticket is issued” in para 1 of Resolution 789 had to bear responsibility for
the accuracy of the fare on the ticket and, on a related point, assuming that
the ticket was not issued correctly, that British Airways being the “carrying
Member” in para 3 of Resolution 789, was entitled to accept a passenger for
“uplift without further check” where the flight number, date and class and
confirmed reservation had been entered on the flight coupon. It was
contradictory for the defendant to say that British Airways bore the
responsibility for ensuring that the passengers flew in sequence. Gurmit Singh
conceded as much under cross-examination.

42 Despite that, the defendant argued that based on cl 2.2.3 of the bilateral
interline agreement between the plaintiff and British Airways and his
understanding of the practice of airline counter staff, the responsibility for
passengers flying out of sequence lay with British Airways. First, I point out
that the defendant’s understanding of the practice of airline counter staff is
not good evidence because Gurmit Singh did not have any proper foundation or
basis for such an understanding. He conceded this under cross-examination. In
the absence of evidence of the general practice of airlines or British
Airways’ actual practice and in the light of para 3 of Resolution 789, there
was no basis for saying that British Airways would accept responsibility for
passengers flying out of sequence.

43 Counsel for the plaintiff also made the valid point that an airline would
usually not be alerted to a passenger having flown out of sequence if there
were no unused coupons in relation to a preceding leg of the journey to alert
the airline; as for the leg of the journey following on from the British
Airways flight, it would have been impossible for British Airways to ascertain
at the time of boarding whether the passenger had any intention to fly that
leg. It cannot be, therefore, that British Airways had a duty to ensure that
the passengers were flying in sequence. Such a contention is even more
egregious considering that the defendant knowingly issued such tickets for a
fictitious route in breach of the IATA rules.

44 In any case, contrary to what the defendant argued, cl 2.2.3 of the
plaintiff’s bilateral interline agreement with British Airways does not impose
any obligation on British Airways to ensure that the passengers it carries are
flying in sequence. Clause 2.2.3 provides as follows:

Flight coupons shall be honoured only in sequence as shown on the carbonised
passenger coupon(s) or the A i ^ passenger receipt(s) and such flight
coupon(s) shall not be accepted for carriage, exchange or refund, and are not
valid unless accompanied by the passenger coupon and additionally for ATBs,
the passenger receipt.

Based on my reading of this clause, no obligation is imposed on British
Airways to ensure that the passengers are flying in sequence. Rather, this
clause appears to me to confer a _right_ on the carrying airline to dishonour
flight coupons that are out of sequence. Such an interpretation is confirmed
by looking at the context of the provision.

45 Clause 2.2.3 is contained under section 2 headed “Issuance of tickets and
MCO’S”, and sub-section 2.2 headed “Acceptance”. The context of the provision
may be appreciated by looking at cll 2.2.1 and 2.2.2. The former contains the
agreement of each party to the agreement to accept tickets and other documents
issued by the other party and to transport passengers and baggage as
stipulated in the tickets. The latter states that the issuing office has to
deliver the ticket to the passenger with all the flight coupons intact,
failing which the issuing office will be responsible for any fare difference
from the actual origin of travel.

46 The context makes clear that cl 2.2.3 ought to be understood as one of the
conditions governing the parties’ obligation to accept passengers holding
flight coupons issued by the other party. That is, there is no such obligation
to accept passengers when he does not fly in sequence. Further, if one party
has failed to issue a ticket with all flight coupons intact, that party has to
be responsible for any fare difference arising from such wrongful issue. This
is the true meaning of cl 2.2.3 read together with the two preceding cll 2.2.1
and 2.2.2.

47 Therefore, the defendant’s case that British Airways had a duty or
responsibility to ensure that the passengers it carried were flying in
sequence must fail. Under IATA Resolution 789, British Airways was entitled to
accept the passengers without further checks when the flight number, date and
class and confirmed reservation had been entered on the flight coupon.
Consequently, British Airways did not have to bear its own losses and was
entitled to seek compensation from the plaintiff.

**_Issue 4: Whether the amount claimed by British Airways was excessive_**

48 The defendant’s case is that the amount claimed by British Airways was
excessive because the invoices were calculated based on full sector fare,
which was considerably more than a round-trip fare. The defendant argued that,
based on the IATA Revenue Accounting Manual, Chapter A2, cl 1.1.1, where an
under-collection has been made the fare raised should be to the “lowest
official fare applicable to the journey performed”, which, in this case, is a
round-trip fare. The plaintiff’s case, apart from the earlier rejected claim
that the defendant was liable for all the differences in billings, was that it
could not demand that British Airways claim only for a round-trip fare. Yasen
explained at trial, taking the example of a flight for the route of Colombo-
Singapore-London-Reykjavik-London-Singapore-Colombo, that because the journey
was interrupted by a passenger’s failure to fly from London to Reykjavik, the
return fare calculation was not applicable. Yasen also testified in cross-
examination that the plaintiff had tried to negotiate with British Airways to
reduce the fare raised to one based on a round-trip fare but to no avail.

49 The defendant’s case is more persuasive than the plaintiff’s on this issue.
First, although the plaintiff testified that once a trip was broken, the
return fare calculation was not applicable, she did not base this on any known
rules. It is in fact unclear where her understanding on this issue came from.
There was no evidence adduced in support of the plaintiff’s contention in this
respect. There is also no other evidence of any communication between the
plaintiff and British Airways on the issue of a round-trip fare other than
Yasen’s testimony under cross-examination. So it is unknown what reason
British Airways gave for refusing to use a round-trip fare calculation.

50 The only rule the court has to go on is cl 1.1.1 of the IATA Revenue
Accounting Manual, Chapter A2, which both parties accept is applicable to the
present situation. I set out the clause in relevant part:

1\. BASIC BILLING RULES

1.1 Billing Passenger Flight Coupons

1.1.1 Subject to paragraphs 1.2.1 and 1.2.2 below, and to any rules relating
to voluntary or involuntary rerouting (see IATA Resolution 735d and 736), the
amount to be billed by the honouring airline to the issuing airline is the
fare (or prorate thereof) due to the carrier shown in the “Fare Calculation”
area or “From/To” panel, or where there is no entry, in the “Carrier” box in
the “Good for Passage” section. The fare (or prorate thereof) shall be
calculated in accordance with the original information as to routing, carrying
airlines, coupon and fare basis/ticket designators and fare calculation points
shown on the flight coupon.

Where an _incorrect fare has been collected_ , the fare shall be determined as
per RAM Chapter A2, paragraph 3 _and the following shall apply_ :

…

Where _an under collection has been made, the fare shall be raised to the
lowest official fare applicable to the journey performed_.

[emphasis added]_._

51 Unfortunately, neither of the parties has produced the entire IATA Revenue
Accounting Manual nor provided assistance to the court as to whether any
official definition exists for “lowest official fare”. In the absence of such
tools of interpretation, the court can only do its best to interpret cl 1.1.1
based on the ordinary meaning of the words, taking into account their context.

52 This clause essentially provides that where an incorrect fare has been
collected, as was the case here because the correct fare should have been
based on the actual route flown and not a fictitious one, the fare should be
raised to the “lowest official fare applicable to the journey performed”. On a
literal reading, the “lowest official fare applicable to the journey
performed” would, staying with the example used by the plaintiff’s witness,
refer to the lowest possible fare calculation for the Singapore-London-
Singapore route, which would be a round-trip fare. The context of the clause
does not contradict this reading or suggest that any other meaning is more
appropriate.

53 The defendant argued that certain correspondence between the plaintiff and
British Airways showed that the plaintiff recognised that full sector fare was
actually not the appropriate basis of calculation under the IATA rules and
that the round-trip fare was more appropriate. First, the defendant said that
the plaintiff’s letter to British Airways dated 28 June 2001 showed that the
plaintiff disputed British Airways’ right to bill full sector fare. That was
so but the alternative therein suggested by the plaintiff, “normal through
applicable fare” is not necessarily the round-trip fare; Yasen testified under
cross-examination that “through applicable fare” referred to the pro-rated
fare that British Airways was entitled to (assuming that all sectors were
flown) and that it was in fact wrong to have expected British Airways to bill
based on normal applicable through fare since not all the sectors were flown.
The plaintiff’s letter therefore did not show that the plaintiff believed that
the round-trip fare ought to be applicable under the IATA Revenue Accounting
Manual. However, a second letter relied upon does support the defendant’s
contention that under the IATA Revenue Accounting Manual, full-sector billing
ought not to be used when the actual journey flown was known. This was British
Airways’ reply dated 10 August 2001 to the plaintiff’s letter, stating:

I appreciate your request that we recalculate the value based on the actual
fare for the journey completed, but regret that as the journey was ticketed on
your ticket stock, I am unable to perform this calculation.

As I do not have the complete information regarding the actual flown journey,
I have no alternative but to bill based on a full sector fare and to request
that you reject the difference between the value billed and the correct
prorate of the fare for the actual journey flown. As in this case the Agent
has contravened fare construction rules by the inclusion of points not flown
by the passenger, we would ask you to support your rejection with system
information or copy PNRs to prove the actual journey travelled.

54 This reply suggests that if British Airways had been made aware of the
actual journey flown (and this was proved by supporting documents), it would
have been prepared to recalculate the fare based on the actual journey flown
and not apply full-sector billing. It is not disputed that the plaintiff did
not in fact provide system information or copy PNRs to British Airways to
prove the actual journey travelled.

55 Therefore, the “under-collection” that the plaintiff was entitled to hold
the defendant responsible for should not be calculated based on a full sector
fare. Instead, it should be based on the actual journey flown, _ie_ , a round-
trip fare where only one sector was flown, or a pro-rated amount calculated on
a round trip basis where more than one sector was flown. The defendant
estimated that based on the actual journeys flown, the amount British Airways
was entitled to claim from the plaintiff was approximately GBP203,359 based on
current exchange rates, taxes and fares. An estimate was given because,
according to Gurmit Singh, the appropriate fare for each of the actual
journeys flown as at the material time could not be worked out owing to
unavailability of data as to the exchange rates, taxes and fares then
prevailing. Gurmit Singh conceded that there was an inconsistency in his
evidence in that [22] of his Supplementary AEIC referred to a figure of
GBP195,641 whereas the ensuing calculations and [23] reflected the higher
figure of GBP203,359 which the defendant was prepared to take. In my view, it
is not unreasonable to use this estimate, the plaintiff not having offered any
other.

Conclusion

56 I therefore grant judgment to the plaintiff in the sum of GBP203.359 for
the aggregate differences in fare between the lowest official fare applicable
to each of the actual journeys flown that British Airways was entitled to and
the pro-rated amount British Airways received, based on the fictitious routes.

57 I have not discussed the defendant’s argument that the plaintiff ought to
have issued a third rejection to British Airways so that it could enter into
negotiations with British Airways to present the defendant’s case that it had
merely issued tickets based on the passengers’ instructions. Such arguments
are irrelevant in the light of my finding that the defendant had knowingly
issued tickets for fictitious routes.

58 For the same reasons, I allow the plaintiff’s claim for reimbursement in
the reduced amount of USD4,204.22 with respect to the other interline tickets.

59 Finally, as regards the plaintiff’s claim for the sum of USD4,541.94 in
respect of the Gabriel System and the SGD907.22 in respect of SingTel charges,
I accept the defendant’s argument:

(a) that it was up to the plaintiff, as the contracting party vis-à-vis
SingTel and the service provider of the Gabriel System, to terminate the
services; and

(b) that the defendant had not made use of the facilities after termination of
its agency as the plaintiff had thereafter denied the defendant access to the
Gabriel System.

Accordingly, the plaintiff’s claim fails in this regard.

60 I also award interest on GBP203,359 and USD4,204.22 from the date of the
writ until payment at the rate of 5.33% per annum. Costs to the plaintiff to
be taxed unless agreed.

ADDENDUM (further hearing on 14 August 2008)

61 Subsequent to my judgment, by letter dated 11 August 2008, the defendant’s
solicitors applied for a further attendance before me to seek clarification on
the sum of GBP 203,359 awarded to the plaintiff. The defendant clarified that
the estimate of GBP203,359 was a gross figure from which there had to be
deducted a sum of GBP66,192.17 which had earlier been received by British
Airways. Whilst the plaintiff did not dispute that that sum of GBP66,192.17
had been paid to British Airways, it resisted the deduction nevertheless. I
saw no justification for their objection and, accordingly, reduced the sum
awarded to the plaintiff to GBP137,166.83.

62 Apart from this change, I did not allow the defendant to re-open the figure
of GBP203,359 on the basis that it was only an estimate and was allegedly
about 20% higher than the lowest applicable fare at the material time for the
actual journeys flown. As the plaintiff pointed out during further arguments,
this was the defendant’s own estimate which it had declared at the trial that
it was prepared to abide by. Even in the defendant’s solicitor’s letter of 11
August 2008, the defendant was still adopting that figure for the computation
of agency fee which it claimed to be entitled to. The plaintiff’s counsel
therefore objected to the quantification of the lowest applicable fare at the
material time for each of the actual journeys flown being sent to the
Registrar for assessment.

63 At the further hearing, I also disallowed the defendant’s attempt to deduct
an amount of GBP12,201.54 in respect of agency fees which it asserted it was
entitled to based on the fare for actual journeys flown. It must be remembered
that the defendant had already received agency fees based on the tickets
issued covering fictitious routes. Had the plaintiff sued for the refund of
such fees, I would have been inclined to allow the claim on the basis that an
agent is not entitled to remuneration in respect of transactions in relation
to which he is in breach of his duties as agent, such breach going to the root
of the contract or otherwise justifying the principal’s repudiation of the
liability to pay (see  _Bowstead and Reynolds on Agency_ (Sweet & Maxwell,
17th Ed, 2001) at para 7-047). In view of my finding that the defendant had
knowingly issued the tickets covering fictitious routes, there was no doubt in
my mind that to allow the defendant any increased agency fee, just because of
a higher fare payable to British Airways occasioned by the defendant’s own
breach, would make a travesty of justice.

64 Save for the reduction of GBP203,359 to GBP137,166.83 and the consequential
change in the order awarding interest, I re-affirmed my judgment given on 8
August 2008.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 08 Aug 2008 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

